Stephen Colbert is hilarious...both on camera and off.  I saw a taping last night with Neil Young as the special guest.  Stephen and his crew did a fantastic job of scoring keeping the audience energized and laughing.  He fielded questions and poked fun at people asking those questions.  Fun Fact: there is a picture of Hugh Laurie on his set that he keeps visible because on House there is a picture of Stephen (running joke between the shows).   If you get invited via the lottery do not miss the show.  This is his last few months so you may not get another opportunity to see it.  Hopefully he wins another Emmy for his final season.
I had no idea this show was free, but these are the perks of living in NYC chyeaaa!! The tickets are surprisingly easy to get. I refreshed the ticket site randomly and got lucky with a show that had 90 spots left. You can also subscribe to the CC Ticket Notifier to push you notifications when a spot becomes available. We arrived at the studio around 4:45pm. You cannot stand in line unless the person who holds the tickets is there, but if you are the ticket holder you can grab a spot first in line for your friends. I had another friend that arrived around 5:30pm and still made it in time to line up. At around 6pm, we start going through security into the waiting room. They check your bags for weapons and then walk through the metal detector. I thought they would take away my bottle of water and snacks, but they didn't. +1 for Colbert Report for not confiscating food and drink because I heard the Daily Show does. The waiting room is small and cramped, but they have a few TVs showing old re-runs. You can also take pictures with all the Colbert posters and portraits. If you are female, line up for the bathroom immediately because the line will be long. Around 6:45-7:00pm a staff person will come out to talk about rules and start seating people in the studio. Before the show started, we had a comedian, Paul Mecurio, come in to make jokes and warm up he crowd. His jokes primarily consisted of calling members of the audience and making jokes about them, so if you stand out in the audience, you might be called on. Throughout all this prep, there is a lot, and I mean A LOT, of emphasis on laughing loudly and making a lot of noise in general because Colbert feeds off the energy, and the audience is the soundtrack of the show. After the comedian, Colbert himself came out and did a Q&A session out of character to, as he said, humanize himself beforehand. He answered the following questions: 1. What will you miss most about the Colbert Report? Getting to say really offensive things on TV. 2. What is the best part of being Catholic? The whole going to heaven thing. 3. What is your fondest childhood memory? Experiencing a fishing frenzy with his dad where he was hooking one fish after another. Colbert has been doing the show for nine years, but still very impressed at how seamlessly he transition into character going from break to shooting. He only made 2 mistakes and had to restart, but it was great to see him outside of character. I feel like he's actually funnier. The entire shooting ended around 8:15pm. If you can get tickets for a show before it ends, definitely try to do so. It was worth the wait and most definitely worth leaving work early.
Overall, I am really happy I was able to see the show before Colbert moves on to The Late Show. And now that I have, I don't have any desire to catch another one of the limited episodes left. They do good work, seem proud about what they do, and are, at The Colbert Report, at work. Seeing behind the curtain once was terrific and it hasn't heightened or lowered my inclination to watch the show -- As the person I am, I didn't like all the plugging. "Cheer really loud. Laugh hard at the jokes. Don't sit down right away when Colbert comes out. You make this show; you're not here to watch, you're here to participate." If you want a laugh track, make and use a laugh track. All the "acting" bestowed on me several times over stifled my viewing experience. Let me enjoy the show -- Stephen Colbert is good at what he does, I will laugh. Also, the studio is freezing - bring a parka.   How to get tickets: 1. Follow @DailyTix on Twitter & activate notifications (tickets become available at odd and varying times) 2. Click on the link in the tweet and fill out the form (on The Colbert Report website) 3. Confirm your reservation via email; you should get a second (success) email verifying that you have reserved a ticket 4. On the day you reserved, show up to the studio; the show does tickets first come, first serve. Side Thoughts: Wow, is the Colbert Report white, middle-aged men. Ninety-three percent of the crew at the taping I went to was such -- the women of The Colbert Report did ticketing, stood around the stage, and/or were make-up artists. I believe people should have their jobs based on merit and skill, not overtly on their gender, race, age, etc. But it was interesting the numbers stacked so neatly into a statistic that is a real injustice.   There is also a bit of pandering as far as where audience members are seated. Throughout the fairly long getting-your-ticket process, the staff was clearly scoping out front seat candidates and placed people for optimum diversity/extroverted qualities. It is a television show after all.
Speechless is all I can say. Everything was smooth and awesome!
I have not missed an episode of this fantabulous show since it first airing...  Recommend going to see it live before he moves on to bigger but questionably better things in December! His Q&A was interesting in the beginning but he only answered four questions- so if you really want your question answered shoot your hand up SUPER fast when he first asks because he answered the girl who was most eager first.  And he stated "I saw your hand go up first miss."  The actual taping is awesome - he's genuinely a very nice gentleman and he makes asides to the audience when he has to re-take a scene.  At the end of the show - he also piloted a pre taped bit he had recorded at comicon and it included a large portion of material that didn't make it on the actual airing several days later! There's about 20-25 front seats.  The section of three seats to stage left were the best seats Bc you don't get blocked by the camera guys and you're close to the interview table in addition to his big desk. Tips for front row: - Dress up.  I wore a bright pink polka dot dress and white wedges. I do think it matters somewhat  because some people seated before me had been seated farther back bc they were college dudes in casual clothes. - Get there early.  I arrived at 4:30 PM on a Monday and was 24th in line which achieved my goal of front row/ high fiving my non-sexual crush!   - They ask you first before they seat you so don't worry they won't force you to take front row. - Don't be white.  Vast majority of audience members are white kids in their 20s so it helps to be a little different.  I realize this isn't a tip since you have no control over your race/ethnicity. - Also, every seat is awesome it's a 150 person theater so it's a very intimate setting. Show is so so amazing!!  He will be missed.
I'm so sad this is ending but I am so grateful I was able to go here last February. I showed up 4 hours early and  we were able to wait in an inside tent like area instead of staying in the frigid air. Since my anal retentive self got there so damn early, I was able to get a seat right in front of Steven. I got to see the understandably somber crew of Pussy Riot and some really handsome politician from Florida that could charm the panties off of a nun. Steven answered a lot of questions sincerely and told us about his impending trip to the White House State Dinner. He was super cute and was just naturally hilarious between takes. I'll miss you Colbert Report :(
I've gone twice and each time Stephen was charming, funny, and broke out of character to speak to the audience. The studio is smaller than it seems on TV, very intimate, comfortable, and there really is no bad seat. Hate to see him go but it's on to bigger things!
Fun stuff. Went with my friend Will to a taping and it was a lot of fun after a lot of waiting. The line boredom can be subsidized by talking to the other waiters in line. Many of them are cool, native NYers and visitors. Once inside, you have to go through a airport-like security check. The show is really fun to watch since only about only a third ever makes it to air. Colbert is a comedic genius and his satire is the best on television. I can't wait to see what he will do on his next gig.
Stephen Colbert touched my hand and I can now die happy. Seriously, this experience was absolutely amazing. The Colbert Report is amazing. Stephen is amazing. I was fangirling so hard the entire time. I managed to get a ticket to yesterday's show last minute on Monday night. If you follow @dailytix on twitter, and set it up on your phone to get push notifications, you'll see that tickets will become available at random times throughout the day. You have to act QUICK because these tickets are gone before you can blink. But I managed to get 1 ticket and literally could have not cared less that I was going alone. I got to the studio at about 3:55 and there were already a ton of people camped out waiting. This was Stephen's first live taping since he won his Emmy's on Monday night, so I think a lot of people turned out to see him because of that. The staff at the Report are so friendly and chill and make the process very efficient. They weed out the people who are there on standby and then have the actual ticket holders form a line in the order in which they arrived. They'll check your confirmation (which is emailed to you when you reserve the tickets) and your ID, because you have to be over 18 to get in. Then, you're ushered into another line alongside the building, where there's more waiting. If members of your party aren't there, they can join you in line before 6pm. At around 5:30, they started coming down the line to hand out tickets. The number on your ticket corresponds to the number you were in line. I was #48, but mostly due to the fact that there were a few big groups in line in front of me. After you get your ticket, you go through airport-style security. Then everyone is packed like sardines in a little waiting room until they bring you into the actual studio. Make sure you go to the bathroom in here, because it's your last chance! Also, where you stand in this room doesn't matter. They call everyone in by their ticket numbers, so don't bother squeezing yourself in by the door like I did thinking that you'll somehow sneak in ahead of everyone. They do randomly (?) select a few people to go in with the VIPs though, but from what I could tell that was just luck of the draw. However, going alone worked in my favor because I got FRONT ROW! I was sitting off to the right of the stage in front of the guest interview area. They have a warmup comic come out to get everyone amped up for Stephen (like we needed that...). He basically just pokes fun at people in the audience, and was pretty funny/raunchy. Then FINALLY Stephen comes out, and he does a lap around the  floor and high fives everyone in the first row. Then he does a Q&A out of character, and you can pretty much ask him whatever you want. One guy asked him for a selfie and he actually obliged (and a part of me died inside for not thinking of asking the same thing). After the Q&A, he jumps right into character and starts filming the show. I loved it because he did mess up a few times, and when he did he broke out of character to make fun of himself. Stephen is so charming and you can tell he is such a nice guy in real life. He was beaming at all of his staff members and just seemed to be on a general high from his Emmy win. The whole taping lasts about 45 minutes, but it is definitely worth the wait. I'm so glad I got to see Stephen before he transitions to the Late Show. Go see a taping while you still can!
The best TV taping I've ever been to! Getting a reservation was difficult, but it was well worth the effort. I checked the ticket page daily, at random hours throughout the day, for months and have only been able to get tickets once. Tickets are also free. My party and I arrived at 4:00pm and were #40 in line. Don't worry about getting a bad view if you're one of the last ones in line. The studio is surprisingly small, so you'll have a great view where ever your seat happens to be. At 5:30, they started check-ins and security screening. It was another hour until we were seated, but time went by quickly because you can watch selected clips of the show while you wait. This is the perfect time to go to the restroom. The studio is chilly - bring a sweater. A comedian comes out and does his bit to warm up the crowd. Colbert then arrives on stage, taking a few questions out of character - bring questions. The taping itself lasts maybe 30 minutes, feels like it's no longer than the show with commercials. Colbert was crazy talented ad charismatic - he ran through the script once, and that was it! Just go!
So sad it's over! I adore him as a character and as a person. As a comedy fan it was definitely worth the trip.
Stephen Colbert touched my left hand, which I'm never washing again. I've waited five years to see him. The case was always either tickets were not available, my work schedule was in the way or something came up once I had the tickets reserved. So imagine my excitement when I finally got to go! My boyfriend and I showed up at around 3:45pm, and the line was about 10 people deep. An intern uses an iPad to check your party in and gives you a number card. Red means VIP, blue means regular. We got cards #8 and #9. Another Yelper mentioned that hot/decent-looking people get to sit in the front row, so make sure you look your best! We dressed up a little bit, and I tried to turn on my charm when we were getting checked in and when we were being directed to our seats. Something worked because we got to sit in the front row!!! The only downside to some of the front row seats is that your view may get blocked by the cameras and camera crew, but you get a free pen and get to high-five Stephen Colbert, so completely worth it! When I extended my hand for his high-five, you bet I made sure he touched it! After you get the card numbers, you go through a metal detector and wait in a tiny room while they show previous clips. This is your last chance to use the restrooms here. I would definitely suggest waiting on the side where the doors lead to the studio. When they open up the doors, they start calling in groups of people by one of the group member's card number. They call in several group numbers at a time, so you'll want to be ahead of the other groups. The people with the red cards got called in first but they called our group number along with the VIP people! The studio does get chilly, so you might want to bring a sweater. A comedian comes out before the taping and warms up the audience. They really try to get the audience pumped up with energy before Stephen Colbert comes out. The energy in the audience is amazing, which really helps him do the taping. He does a Q&A session beforehand and a really brief one afterward. In the Q&A after the taping, one girl brought Stephen Colbert's book and asked for his autograph. He agreed, asked her to come down and wrote a personal message in her book (although she said the autograph was for her boyfriend). Lucky girl/boyfriend of hers!! The taping is over before you know it though. I would love to see him one more time before it's all over, but for now, I'm cherishing this memory.
I had just finished watching the taping of the Daily Show and was all pumped and hyped up from the excitement of it all and decided that I was ready to spend another half day waiting in line/waiting around for another taping. My friend jumped on her iPhone and looked up last minute tickets for the Colbert Report and there was only one available! We were going through the tunnel and lost service, and by the time we got service again, the ticket was taken. :( But the next morning, I checked again, and there were 2 tickets available! So I instantly snagged them up, and read all the Yelp reviews to see what time I should get there to get a good seat. I showed up at 4:00 PM, which really wasn't an issue, since my friend was working that day and I still have about 300 pages of The Idiot to read. :) The check in process was fast and efficient-- they go by with an iPad and ask for your name and ID, and later hand you a ticket with a number on it. They let you into a room to wait and watch the best Colbert Clips around 5:30 PM and my friend rushed to get over by 6:00 PM, which is the cut off point in which they hand leftover tickets to Standby. We were then smushed in a room for the next 45 minutes or so before they started seating us. It started to feel a bit claustrophobic in there, and it was getting hot and smelly in there! That is something they definitely need to reconsider... I would rather have waited outside (which is covered and has heated lamps so it's not so bad at all!). Anyway, when they did start seating us, the security/bouncer cool person asked me and my friend, "How do you girls feel about sitting in front row?" I just about screamed and hugged him because I was so damn excited! I FREAKING LOVE COLBERT! Front row gets a free pen and the chance to high five Colbert---- I TOUCHED HIS FINGERS ERRMMAGODDD. And Colbert is hilarious. During the breaks, he would joke around with his staff, and definitely got a lot of laughs from the audience who were viewing his facial expressions and things he was doing. So glad I was able to catch a taping of the Colbert Report before he transitions to his new gig!
Going to a taping of The Colbert Report is such a fun experience and I recommend it to anyone who can get to NYC and is a fan of the show! Tickets are FREE, but you just need to check the show's website from time to time to see when they pop up - thecolbertreport.cc.com/…. You can attend the taping once every 6 months. The tickets mention that the show is overbooked so entry is not guaranteed, but I've never seen anyone have a problem as long as you get there early. Below is my approximate chronological list of what to expect during your visit to The Colbert Report. Times may differ slightly from day to day, but I've attended his show twice and the times were pretty much the same. 3pm: A couple people begin lining up outside the studio. I would say that the line didn't start to get long until between 4-5pm though. 4pm: Interns from the show come outside and check your reservation and Photo ID and usher you into a covered (and heated) awning.   5:30pm: The line begins to be ushered inside one by one. As you walk inside you will be handed a numbered ticket based on your place in line. Your bags will be searched and you will go through a metal detector. You will then wait in a "holding room" while everyone else goes through security. There are bathrooms inside! There are also a few TV's playing some of the best moments in Colbert Report history to get you laughing before you even enter the studio. 6:30pm: One of the interns comes out and gets you pumped up for the show. You are then led into the studio in numerical order and given your seat. 7pm: A warm-up comedian comes out and cracks some jokes, makes fun of the audience, etc. It's really entertaining! After a couple minutes, the comedian announces Stephen Colbert and he comes out! The audience is given a few minutes to ask Colbert some questions - and he's even out of character. By 7:30pm, the taping begins! Everything was finished for us around 8:15pm. I hope this helps! :) Enjoy!!
From Comedy Central's World News Headquarters in New York this... is not that show. Two months after seeing a taping of The Daily Show, I managed to score tickets to see Colbert. It's hard to say which I enjoyed more, but Colbert's fan-considerate setup makes me want to lean his way. Don't get me wrong, Jon Stewart seemed like a really nice and sincere guy. His Q&A and humor on the fly skills are impressive, but Colbert just seemed to really "need" us if that makes any sense. They kept saying that he feeds off the audience, and I read that repeated on here. I didn't really get it til I was there. For starters, Colbert gets my vote just for having a covered (HEATED) weatherproof outdoor waiting queue. Jon Stewart even joked at TDS taping that he wouldn't have stood out in the February cold like we did to see the show. Colbert gives out free light-up pens on each chair and runs around to high five everyone in the front row. It was weird to see him out of character, and to hear him give his thoughts on things. He really seems like a regular guy you could sit and share a beer with or something. It was...different to not hear the change in pitch and tone that you usually associate with his voice. He also sat behind the desk singing along with the music playing in the studio during commercial breaks. He messed up a few times during the show and would break character to joke with the audience about it. "No one will know about it as long as you don't f-cking go home and tweet it! Hashtag CancelColbert." I could write about it for days, but it was a really cool experience. Jon Stewart is more "what you see is what you get." He went through it in one take, no mistakes, and I swear he filmed his perfectly so that from start to finish it took exactly 30 minutes including the accurately timed commercial breaks. Colbert felt more like a TV show taping as the breaks were a bit longer, he had a few outtakes, and he just joked a bit more. If you like them both equally, then I say see Colbert first just because the process seems to be a bit easier. Either way, you'll enjoy both of them.
The process for when you get to the studio is pretty chaotic and not well run.  I arrived at 5pm and was towards the tail end of the line, but there were some people behind me and I got a blue ticket with a number.  So yeah, it's cold, slushy, windy and I'm miserable.  But Colbert -- excited!!! They let people in in tranches, but for some reason, they switch the line around so now I'm no longer 3rd in line waiting to get in but end up behind a group of 8 who showed up after me.  Lo and behold, I'm at the cutoff with the 2 people who were originally in front of me.  They say the studio is full but if I give them my name and email they will email me a VIP ticket so I don't have to wait in the line the next day.  I never received anything and there was no follow up.  I FROZE BECAUSE OF YOU PEOPLE!  Talk about being disappointed.  (and angry, let down, fill-in-the-blank) So word of advice --  if you are lucky enough to score tickets, definitely show up early at 4 if you want to make it in.  If they tell you you may or not make it in, unless it is a decent day out, just call it a day.  Otherwise you are going to be miserable and cranky and hold on to your hate like a bitter poison pill defending against a hostile corporate takeover.
It's hard not to echo the sentiments of many others but it's true: The Colbert Report isn't just a great show on TV, but a joy to witness in person. I could go on and on about the brilliance of Stephen Colbert and his writers, but instead I will just insist that everyone come see the show live. Where some folks are uppity about seeing Saturday Night Live, Late Night Talk Shows, many who aren't aware one of Comedy Central's finest is available right in Hell's Kitchen. Breathing life into the slowly up and coming 10th Ave, the Colbert Report has a small crowd of eager folks looking to get in almost every week day. Tickets are free. If you aren't picked from the initial signups via the website, definitely opt in for the stand by list. Chances are as good as any considering how many flakers there are in these parts. Once in the studio audience, don't be shocked at how few people there are. TV magic (angles and noise) is definitely in effect; do feel privileged you could be among the few to watch the taping in person. Visitors will always have an agenda of things to do and see in NYC, but if you're not a fortunate local who can come by anytime, then make it your duty to see it while the show is still doing well. Also, Stephen might just actually be funnier in person.
I don't think I can really best this Quora answer I found written by a Mr. Tom Cook to the question, "What is it like to attend a live taping of The Colbert Report?" (if you're interested -- which you should be, if you're visiting this Yelp page -- you can read it at quora.com/The-Colbert-Re…). What do I have to add? Attending the Colbert Report was by far the most civil, organized, and considerate experience I've ever had attending a performance, not to mention a free one. Kudos, Colbert staff, for being so mindful of the happiness of your audience and fans. Additional notes: -I showed up at 3:30 and stood fifth in line. Probably no need to show up so soon in the afternoon, but I did get to sit first row, so. -Don't expect to disappear into the crowd -- they WILL put you on the spot. -Come prepared with creative, fun questions for Colbert - he hosts two out-of-character Q&A sessions before and after the show (so awesome, BTW). -No pictures and not-turned-off phones in the studio whatsoever! -To get tickets: sporadically check the Colbert Report website for randomly available tickets. They go FAST: I once saw 240+ available tickets, and they were all gone by EOD. Looking forward for six months to pass so I can go again.
I love the Colbert Report, and it was even more awesome in person! Just like with the Daily Show, I would recommend following or obsessively checking @DailyTix on Twitter to first land a ticket. The day of the show, I got there around 4:45 and got numbers #48-51. The line quickly started piling up around 5, but we were lucky in that the first half of the line gets to sit/lean against a wall under heat lamps, while the outside half of the line (it loops around) gets a draught from the wind hitting the tent. Then you go in, where Colbert's staff seats you, and a warm-up comedian comes out. I found the comedian to be a lot more chill than Jon Stewart's, which was nice. Colbert was amazing to see in person, high fives and running and all! He just had so much energy, and the audience definitely responded well to that. Unfortunately, our audience asked some rather strange and boring questions, so we didn't get to learn much about him--besides his first kiss. While I find Colbert to be more fun on TV, I thought Jon Stewart did a much better job messing around with the audience during the Q&A. It is important to note that my sample size is 1 for each show, though! Then it was all "serious" business, taping, laughing at the top of our lungs, and watching him get prepped for each segment. General McChrystal was our guest, which was pretty cool, but Bode Miller also was a surprise guest, and he had just won bronze in alpine skiing (the oldest to medal in the event) I was actually following the Winter Olympics this time, so it was awesome to see him! I also thought it was cool to see all the pieces on his shelves. (A friend I went with said that the last time he came, his friend was called on for Q&A and asked to play with the robot-boxing game on his shelf, and Stephen let him!). I came on a Thursday, so he also taped the introduction and recap for the global edition. Stephen actually messed up a few times, which we realized was pretty rare! So I thought it was pretty interesting to watch him retape, even though the audience obviously laughed less and less as each joke got more stale. He seemed to be having an off day, but I thought the experience was great! I may be a tad biased since I prefer him to the Daily Show though...
I spent a long time making a Tek Jansen costume for when I went to a Colbert Report taping. No one does Tek Jansen cosplay and I was excited to try it. After months of waiting, I wore it to the Report and their response was..... ....to kick me out for wearing it. I was devastated. Security just arbitrarily said I could not wear that inside. No explanation, every part of my costume was something that they allow people to wear anyways. I was just "funny looking" so I had to go. Having no other clothing, I was forced to miss the Colbert Report taping that I made a separate NYC trip to go see. Nowhere in the audience rules does it say no costumes or restricts the clothing you can wear. Security just reserves the right to reject anyone for any reason. I had no Idea that reason might be "you look different than other people". I have been very hurt by this and I'm trying to get them to change their policy (or at least clearly post online what they do and don't allow). People should be allowed to wear reasonable costumes and wear different kinds of fashion if they want too. Don't punish fans for being fans. Thank you. #nocostumecolbert Here is a picture of my costume if anyone wants to see it: flickr.com/photos/116312…
Huge fan of the show!! Definitely worth the wait. I was able to get my hands on VIP tickets through a former colleague to give my boyfriend's cousin a proper send off before he deploys with the Army. Needless to say, it was the most fun we had and I'm glad that we had the chance to come. The wait is quite long indeed (while Colbert rehearses on stage before we're let in), and the waiting area can be quite cramped. The stage is smaller than you think...with the seating area probably good for about 150 people tops. They had a pretty hilarious warm up act for us, which helped to set the tone of how we were going to applaud during the taping (after all, it's our laughter than helps encourage viewer laughter that evening when watching the taping on TV). Colbert comes out himself and audience members can ask questions that he'd graciously answered. Some audience members had pretty interesting and unique questions, like backstage routines, etc. (He keeps a cup of chewy pens backstage to chew on when nervous before a taping). The only thing is, don't come with expectations that you'll be able to take pictures of Stephen, the taping, or any part of the set. Nothing is allowed once you've passed the waiting area, and they're pretty hawkish about it. The actual taping requires a lot of forced laughter, not because the jokes aren't funny, but because you can barely hear Stephen. I ended up going home to watch the airing and finally understood all the jokes I was force laughing about. Still, the best part was, we had one of the best tapings in 2013 with Kevin Spacey as the guest, plugging House of Cards. It ended up being more about Emmys...and ended with Spacey trying to run off with Colbert's Emmy and dropping it in an audience member's lap, just a few seats away from me. So we got a lot of Kevin Spacey/Stephen Colbert antics up close and personal :)
Followed fellow Yelpers' advice, got there by 3:45, and had no problem! The staff is superb and the whole experience was pretty well organized. Just be prepared to wait. One big tip, especially for the ladies, wear something that allows you to comfortably sit on the floor. You will inevitably get tired of standing and want to plop down on the concrete. Bring a book or some form of entertainment, and you will be just fine! The show is definitely worth the wait!
Love love love! My highlights of this lovely taping: 1) I like the streamlined entry system - show up, get on line, get in. None of that "wait on line, get tickets, come back in two hours, wait again, etc" This was so much easier and faster. Of course I showed up at 5:30 because my sister got online at 3pm and was the 2nd person online.  The taping starting about 7:30 and they don't allow anyone to get online after 6pm. 2) Free pen that lights up! I'm a very simple girl but I did love that we did get that once piece of swag. 3) I liked the studio set up better than The Daily Show. Higher stadium seating instead of awkward seating all around the studio so yes every seat was a good seat.
I just went to his live taping yesterday and I had such a fun time. So here is what you have to do in order to get free tickets to his show and what to expect at the show: 1) Sign up for free tickets on his website: colbertnation.com/tickets 2) Come at least 2-3 hours before the show to get in line for the physical ticket. They overbook their tickets in order to guarantee a full show.  I came at 4:30pm for a 7:30pm show. I was the 41st person in line. Waited about an 1.5 hours outside. Went through the metal detector and had my bag checked by security. Then I waited again for another 1.5 hours inside the waiting area. This wasn't too bad since there were TVs showing previous episodes. There are pictures of Stephen Colbert everywhere so great opportunity to take photos. Try to use the restroom at this time since you will be prohibited to use the restroom during the show. There are also water coolers in case you're dehydrated. 3) Enter the studio- VIP first, then people with regular tickets in numbered order. From this point on, no phones and absolutely no cameras. If security catches you with your phone out, they will confiscate it until the end. They could also kick you out if they feel like it. 4) A warm-up comedian comes n, tells a few jokes and warms up the crowd. 5) Stephen comes in and has q&a session with the audience - out of character. It was so much fun to listen to him answer random questions. He is a fun guy to listen to! 6) Show starts. I had so much fun watching him in character. He messed up a few times which made the show even better. Watching him re-film those mistakes was hilarious. 7) Show wraps up. He'll ask if there are any other questions and he leaves. No photo ops with him :( But..you do get a cool stephen colbert pen. Tip: If you are in the military, a veteran or a spouse of someone that is in the military, be sure to tell the security personnel. You will definitely get VIP tickets! I think this is awesome since military personnel should definitely get special privileges for what they've done for our country :) If you come to the show by yourself, you're more likely to get better seats. Since I came to NYC on a business trip, I decided to go to this show by myself. The security personnel were very nice and gave me a front row seat! I am so glad I did this! One of my best experiences in NYC. Will definitely return to do this again, hopefully with my veteran boyfriend :}
First of all, this was hands-down the best thing I've ever done in NYC.  Now that I live here, we're going back in October (much easier to get tickets in advance).  However, the first time I went, I got my confirmed tickets the day before, and here's how I did it. (Note:  I don't have experience with the standby process. If you're willing to put in the effort, I didn't find it to be too hard to get the confirmed taping tickets). 1.  Follow @Spiffomatic64 on Twitter.  Set it up so you get tweets from this account to sent you as an alert/text message on your phone.  You have to act QUICKLY  (I'm talking like a matter of minutes/seconds) so it's easiest if you're near a computer, but possible on your phone as well.  If you live in the area you can get tickets far in advance sometimes, but this account is especially helpful if you're trying to get tickets the day before or same-day.  I got mine one day in advance using this method. 2.  Get to the studio early.  I arrived at 4pm and was probably 20th in line but I'd suggest going earlier.  The earlier you arrive, the more likely that you'll be positioned in line against the wall, which comes in handy after the first hour in case you want to sit and lean against the wall.  The line eventually snakes around so not everyone is against the wall.  Bring a book and/or food.  Or send a nice friend to get you some food.  There isn't a lot in the area - I think maybe just a Subway on 10th, one block away. 3.  Try not to bring anything even remotely weapon-like into the studio.  I know this sounds really dumb, but I was shocked at the number of people who had to leave items and/or had problems going through the metal detector.  I think they made people leave their umbrellas in the holding area (not allowed into the actual studio). 4.  You'll wait in the holding area for about another hour, and again, you'll be standing with nowhere to sit.  At this point, you've been assigned a number so it doesn't matter where you stand.  To pass the time, they play repeats of past episodes.  Make sure to use the restroom here - this is your last chance! 5.  They'll call you into the studio by number and seat you in order based on the size of your party.  In my experience, smaller parties and/or single people got seated in better seats (to fill everything in). My friend ended up not being able to make it by the 6pm cutoff, which was sad, BUT it meant that I was now a single person in line.  Due to this, the staff bumped me up in line and I was seated in the front row RIGHT in front of Stephen's desk!   If you're a huge fan, have time to wait and/or live in the area, I'd definitely recommend going as a single because you will likely end up with fantastic seats if you put in the time to wait. Right before the show starts, a warm-up comedian comes out.  Then (the best part) Stephen answers questions out of character.  It's absolutely phenomenal.  There's no way to describe it other than to say it's just the coolest experience ever for a Colbert fan. Good luck and enjoy the experience! (Also, a shout-out to the super cool staff members who were really nice to all of us waiting in line.  Thanks for being awesome!)
Front row is how you get to high five Stephen. Fantastic experience. Worth the wait!
Today (well, technically yesterday,) I went to a taping of the Colbert Report. It was a great experience that I would definitely recommend to any fan of the show. I arrived at about 3:50pm and was 15th in line. Around 4:15 or so we we were let inside a pathway that was covered by an awning and had heating lamps (which were turned off since it wasn't very cold,) and then some young workers with iPads and red Colbert Report jackets checked everyone's tickets and IDs. There was more waiting, in a smallish room that had two TVs playing past episodes (mostly from when Stephen visited the troops in Iraq.) After more waiting, everyone gets filtered into the studio, which is surprisingly small. There are only 7 rows, and every chair has a Colbert Report pen on the seat to take as a souvenir. More waiting, and eventually a comedian named Paul... something with an M, the warmup comic, came. He did mainly insult comedy, though nothing really hurtful, everyone was good natured and took it in stride- he's funny. After that they blast music extremely loud (I guess to keep the energy level of the crowd up) which I found to be unpleasant and unnecessary, but not too bad. Finally, Stephen Colbert appeared! Everyone went crazy as he did a lap around the studio, then hi-fived everyone in the front row. (Unfortunately, I was in the third row.) He paused for a few seconds and took it all in, with a grateful look in his eyes, perhaps reminding himself not to take any of it for granted even though after ~10 years it is has to be very routine for him. It's Q&A time, and Stephen answered about 4 or 5 questions from the audience, out of character, weaving humor into every response. The show was done mostly in one take, although a couple of things had to be re-shot because a special effect didn't work the first time, and because of a flubbed line. After they finished, Stephen took one last question, thanked everyone, and disappeared back into the nook behind the interview area.
I managed to get tickets to the show on May 23rd of 2013. It was absolutely pouring that day, and you have to wait outside until 6ish. There's an awning for you to stand under but it was like a monsoon, so everything was still all drippy. But the AMAZING Colbert staff brought us in I the building at about 4:30 so we wouldn't have to stand outside. The waiting room inside gets pretty cramped but there are a few benches to sit on and old Colbert episodes play the whole time.   Before they take you inside the studio, one if the staff members tells you about making sure you laugh really loud, don't yell things during the show (i.e. I love you Stephen! and things like that). It's cool because you can tell the people working at the studio really love it and they clearly really like Stephen.  I've been to the Daily Show and I can say that the Colbert Report staff are much friendlier. Once you get inside they seat you randomly in the studio.  I ended up being in the front row, which was awesome. There's a warm up comedian, and then Stephen comes running out. I even got a high five! :)  He answers questions out of character for like 10 minutes and he was super nice. I like that he answered everything honestly, even when people asked really weird things. The show itself is really great too, Stephen's a fucking pro.  He stumbled like twice but then he makes a joke afterward and it's hilarious.  The guest was just so-so, but I think he just wanted to do a serious interview and not have Stephen make jokes, which is kind of stupid since it's a comedy show but whatever. After the show, Stephen answered a couple more questions too. I just loved the fact that he was SO nice and you can tell he loves his job. He doesn't have a holier-than-thou personality like most celebs. Basically, you WANT to see this show, it's well worth the time you spend waiting.  Totally worth it, I'd give this experience more stars if I could!!  Go see this ASAP before he leaves for The Late Show!
The show was fantastic and Stephen was amazing. Definitely the highlight of our trip! Getting in was kind of a pain though. They overbook, so it's a good idea to get there several hours early. You'll wait in line on the sidewalk, then you wait in line along the side of the building, then you finally go inside, where you end up standing elbow-to-elbow with maybe 150 people. There's a few benches, but they go fast, and really there's no room to sit. That lasts about an hour, with no one really explaining what's going on or how long it will be. Should you get closer to the door for better seats? Will they call people by number? No one explains. But once you finally get seated (they do go in order by where you were in the original line), it's all pretty awesome. Stephen comes out and chats with the audience, and is clearly grateful for the energy and enthusiasm. They shot way more than was used in the show, and once it was over everyone was shuffled right out. No chance for a meet-and-greet with him or the guest (Vince Gilligan for us). The building's really small and easy to miss, not like any of the network shows. They probably can't do much about getting a bigger studio, but they could definitely figure out a better way to give out tickets. Being crammed in that room for an hour really sucked the life out of everyone, which is the opposite of what they are aiming for. No gift shop or lobby or anything... just an awning out front, so if you don't have tickets, it's probably not worth stopping by. We got our tickets on colbertnation.com, and just happened to hit the window when they became available. Stand-by tickets are available, where you check in and come back later, so that might be worth a try, but I didn't see any of the stand-by people get in on our night. But overall this was our favorite activity in our NYC trip! If you have the chance, it's worth the waiting to get in!!
I've been to the Colbert Report 4x and I'm going again in a couple of months. I'm not crazy- it's just that it's so easy to get tickets to the show!!! So why not, right. Here's the skinny for you newcomers: I've always gotten tickets off of his facebook page. I'm signed up for the shows email alerts but I've never received emails when tickets become available. So I suggest if you want to go you keep your eyes peeled to his facebook page, and once you see an announcement for available tickets, POUNCE ON THEM! You'll probably have problems with the website.. for some reason the show's IT people haven't fixed this damn website's lags. Anyway, because of the web traffic it might get stuck but keep trying and you'll get through. You can get a max of 4 tickets. I suggest the person who holds the tickets in their name arrives no later than 4:30/5. Your guests can join you no later than 6. You go through a metal detector and they look through your bags obviously. No phone calls once you are seated. No bathroom breaks once you're seated. So go while you are waiting inside in the waiting room (you'll be waiting in the waiting room for a long time). Once you're in the studio (which is TINY!) they seat you according to how many people you are and what seats are vacant, so it doesn't go based on your number. They ask you to chant and laugh super loud so you sound good for the TV. So do it! There's also a comedian who comes out and preps you beforehand. Prepare a question for the Q&A before the show starts! He is out of character and it is quite rare to see. Have fun!
I saw Stephen's episode the other day (yes, I think of him as Stephen) with the unfortunate yelp reviews.  Thought I should add my good experience to balance out some of the whiners. If you're trying to decide whether to get tickets to see Colbert, this is a very easy decision.  Do it.   Yes, you wait for a while, outside and inside.  And yes, there are close quarters.  And yes, the studio is an icebox.  And yes, you may get wedgied in the holding area.  Wait, no, not that last part. But seeing one of your favorite television shows behind the scenes is a competely unique experience.  I went for the 5/19/2011 show with Kareem Abdul Jabbar (colbertnation.com/the-co…).  I was the second person in line, so I ended up waiting for several hours to see the show.  But I made a friend in line, and we hung out at the carousel in Central Park before the show. As you snake around the outdoor waiting area, the wall is scrawled with messages from hundreds of Colbert pilgrims through the years.  It's actually worth the time and energy of going just to see what kind of people comprise the actual Colbert Nation.  Seriously, it's like a Dr. Seuss book. After you finally get seated and get some free entertainment from the warmup comedian, Stephen actually does a Q&A with the audience.  Apparently this is pretty common.  It's pretty awesome to see Colbert actually engaging with people around you on their level.  Whatever the Irish equivalent of a "mensch" is, that's him. The BEST part, however, is right as the show begins.  We all know that the audience rouses Stephen with the chanting:  STEPH-EN, STEPH-EN.  But what you don't see is how much this energy actually powers the character of Stephen Colbert.  It's the closest I've seen to any person actually feeding on emotional energy.  Awesome, and a bit frightening.   For the show I attended, I got to see a surprisingly soft-spoken Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, as well as a special appearance by John Lithgow. Come on.  If you have that much free time on the middle of a week day and you happen to be in Manhattan, why pass up an opportunity to see Colbert? Minus two stars for the long wait to see the show. Plus three stars for being the bomb ass diggity, Colbert.   I give you six stars.  The extra one can go to Colbert SuperPAC.
I never thought I'd see the day I'd get to write this since getting tickets to The Colbert Report is like getting a government official to do something worthwhile. Bucket list, baby. The studio is on 54th between 10th & 11th. You'll recognize the studio w/ it's navy awnings. Very Republican. It also looks sketchy since there are no windows. Other Yelpers suggested getting there about 4pm so we were pretty pleased when we rolled up and it looked like there was no line but it wraps around the side. There's an overhang, so you're out of the rain but it's also frickin' cold back there -- a Soviet alley. It's painted this gross puce-salmon color. Stephen's mug is spray painted on it to remind you not to graffiti the walls. Maybe if it wasn't the color of baby throw-up, I might not have been tempted. Then we waited. I thought maybe Stephen would send us pizza or something, but he's Republican & we're the little people. As we waited, two 20-somethings organized the line into people who had confirmed tickets & standbys. They asked us for our names, our confirmations (you can print it or use your phone) & government issued photo ID. They check you off on an iPad app & ask if your whole party is present--ours wasn't, so they reminded us that our party had to be in line by 5:45. We stalked by text message to make sure they were there.   As you wait you have a few options. Pretty much everyone had their face buried in a smartphone. The hubs left me to go "take a work call" which was code for go get ice cream at the Dunkin Donuts/Baskin Robbins around the corner. He did bring me back a coffee. You can eat & drink in but someone has to hold your place. If you leave they remind you to be back by 5:30.  FYI, no bathroom in the Dunkin but there's one in the grocery store next door. At 5:30 they hand out numbered blue tickets to confirm your place in line.  More Staples-lamination. I am guessing to get numbers 1-10 you have to be there by 3:30. We showed up at 4:05 and got numbers 24-27. Not bad. But NOT GOOD ENOUGH people. That said, getting there at 3:30 means you have four hours until your sorry ass gets to see any comedic action. So be prepared to wait. Once everyone has #s, they let you into a holding room. 90 mins watching Colbert Show episodes while people pose with a fake Stephen on the wall. If you're claustrophobic bring some Xanax. Don't bring guns-there's a sensitive metal detector. The girl in front of me set it off w/ her studded gold spike headband. There are a few metal benches but not room for everyone to sit. Leave the stilettos at home. There are bathrooms in the holding room (the only luxury in this Soviet-esque situation so far) and you can stand wherever. Hubs was freaking out that we needed to be by the front door to the studio, but you don't. At 7pm we got a speech from another 20-something about being loud for Stephen, and a strict warning not to use cameras in the studio. Stephen has some secret service dudes. They're not scary like real secret service but I wasn't going to mess with it. At 7:20 they called #s. VIPs are called in first then numbers. You don't really get to pick your seat--you get seated. I guess we were deemed decent looking and we got to sit in the 2nd  row. We settled in and waited. The hubs was already showing signs of digital device withdrawal (no phone use). We got a secret service speech again with some emergency procedure reminders in case Stephen set the studio on fire. The warm up comic came on after 7. And there was lots of yelling & chanting. It sorta felt like sorority rush. The comic was pretty funny & picks on the people in the audience-be prepared. Some audience members did not like being picked on. Suck it up people; we're all losers in one way or another. After the comic, there's more sorority cheers and then another speech from the stage manager and then more cheering and jazz hands. Then it's time. Almost four hours later I meet my idol. A VERY caffeinated Stephen runs around the tiny studio to more sorority cheering and then TAKES questions! You can't ask him to do something for you or sign anything. But he DID answer my question "I'm wondering if you knew your show taping experience has higher ratings on Yelp than the Daily Show?" He did not know this & seemed pleased I shared the information. Swoon. Then the show starts. It's basically what you see on TV. During breaks he gets makeup & confers with staff. Stephen is so freaking good. He came out of character to tell us he needed to retape a few things & was done at 8:20. They held us in our seats until he was gone so no crazed fans touch him to make sure he's real (I'm pretty sure he is). I also watched a dude come in & immediately remove his Emmys from the fireplace.  Nobody's touching those bad boys. Overall Stephen couldn't have been nicer to the audience--he engaged with us, took a video of us and was really genuine. And I don't usually get that from Republicans.
Love The Colbert Report!  Watching the live taping was really fun and interesting- it was great to see how the magic really happens.  I was surprised by how quickly the taping went- but just shows how good Stephen and his crew are.  This was my first time at a live taping so here's how it went down for those of you who have never been: The line starts forming around 3:00 to 4:00pm.  The line forms outside so if you go in the winter be prepared (there is a Dunkin Donuts around the corner).  The order in which you arrive is the order in which you will enter the studio.  The only rule is that one member of your party must wait in line in order to keep your place.  If everyone leaves you are in the back of the line again. Around 6:00, the line starts to go inside and everyone goes through metal detectors, much like at an airport.  You are also given a ticket with a number on it.  From 6:00 to 7:00, you will wait in a waiting room where old Colbert Reports are playing.   When the actual studio opens around 7:00 everyone is called inside in numerical order, according to your 'ticket'.  All the seats are good in this studio so I would say not to worry about getting there early, especially if it's cold.  But make sure you are there by 5:45 cause otherwise you might not get in.   When you are seated there is a warm up comedian and lots of practice cheering.  Then Stephen comes out and there was a quick Q & A and then the show begins.  Can't wait to go again sometime in the future!
*chants* Stephen, Stephen, Stephen! After watching last night's episode on TV, I am here on Yelp, giving the Colbert bump to The Colbert Report.  Can't wait for the day I can be an audience member so only to prove fans pass out from excitement and not heat!  I love this show.
Hahahahahahahahhahahahahhaah!!! Funniest dude I've ever seen. Best thing I did in New York. Hahahahahahahahahah, hahahajahahahhahahahahaha, hahahaahaha, hahahahahahahaahhaah! He's funnier in real life, hahahahahah, hahahaha!
Stephen Colbert shot me in the face. No really, here's how it went down: I went the night that Kucinich was on, and my god was the wait long. They packed the entire audience into the past-the-metal-detector-but-not-in-the-studio-yet room, where we waited. And waited. And waited. Then one of the crew came out and told us that they were doing something 'highly technical', and since Colbert is a perfectionist, they're rehearsing it heavily. And that we should be let in any minute now. So we waited. And waited. And waited a little more, packed in like very friendly sardines. And waited. Normally, i'd just have been irked about this, but since i broke a toe the day before, it was actually rather painful. And yes, it's my own damn fault i didn't pull the, 'i broke a toe, can i have your chair?' to one of the chair-sitters on the sides. Anyway, they eventually let us in. We sat, we dawdled, we listened to the rock music pumped in to deafen the audience to the workings of the cast and crew. Then, the warm up comic. Like the comic at The Daily Show, his primary source of 'humor' was making fun of audience members. He repeatedly told a guy sitting in front of me that he looked like the Oklahoma City bomber, Timothy McVey (or however that's spelled). That just wasn't amusing. He had some good lines, but since i bet he uses them every week, i won't repeat them here. I get that some people seem to think mean humor is funny, but i just don't. So, by around 6:45 (when i was supposed to be at a yelp Free Beer at 7), Colbert comes out. Yay! He did a Q&A, and wow, the charisma just pours of this guy. He can be my presidential candidate any day. After a round of apologies for the delay, and promises that the show will be hilarious, Stephen tugs on his WristStrong bracelet with an innocent, curious look. The crowd goes wild. Stephen starts pulling them from under his desk and shooting them into the crowd like rubber-bands. And now, as you've probably realized, this is where he shot me in the face. He wasn't aiming in my direction, so i wasn't paying attention, then one bracelet hit me on the cheek, like an inch below my eye. It stung a little, but the worst part was that it bounced off my face and the person behind me got it. Very sad. The show, well, if you're reading this you've probably seen it before, so you know how funny it is. I don't really need to bother much with that. And yes, even though Stephen Colbert shot me in the face, i give his show 5 stars. Sure, we waited for ever, but that doesn't seem to be the MO, so i won't deduct for that. And sure, he shot me in the face, but i doubt that happens too often either. And aside from those two irregularities, it was a damn good time.
My husband and I both attended the show on 11/18/13. I am a huge fan of the show and watch daily; my husband is not really a big fan but will occasionally watch with me. That being said we both really enjoyed the show. I read a lot of reviews while planning our trip, and tried to get tickets for months but couldn't get any for our selected days in the city. I decided that we would try to get "stand-by" tickets. We got to the studio at 2:00, because I did not want to risk not getting in being such a big fan. We stood there alone for about 15 minutes before another family of 3 came up. The daughter just so happened to get on the Colbert website on her phone when they released 5 reserved tickets for the show for that night! It worked out perfectly, 3 for them and 2 for us. I immediately got on the site and reserved the seats under my name. Please note, just because you have "reserved seats" does not guarantee you actually get in.  It is more like guaranteed priority seating on a first come first serve basis. My husband and I decided to stay in line even with the reserved seating. We were the first in line. At 4:00 two interns came outside with iPads and started checking guests in that had reserved seats. PLEASE NOTE: the only person that can check a party in is the person who has reserved the tickets. Make sure you have either a printed copy or the email on your phone with the reservation and government issued ID. All people attending must be 18 or older. All members of your party do not have to be there in order to check in, only the person who made the reservation. You will give the name if the guests that are joining you. When they arrive they will check in with ID then jump in line with you. After checking in, my husband and I were still first in line. We were ushered into a breezeway under the awnings. We stood there while they checked people in. At 5:30 they started handing out tickets to the show. The tickets are given out in order of the line. My husband and I received tickets 1 & 2. You are then led inside to the holding/security/screening area. You go through airport style security. You are now in the holding room. There are plenty of things to take pictures of and look at. While in this room clips from previous episodes are played. The space is limited and seating is limited. Be sure to use the bathroom in this room because it is your only chance. While in this room you are briefed by two different staff members explaining how important the audience is to the show and how much Stephen likes the audience to give him lots of energy. They also warn you to not even pull out your cell phone while in the studio, or they will take it until the end of the show. Loading into the studio was next. VIP members have red tickets and general guests have blue tickets. If you are in the military or law enforcement let the interns know when you check in. All military and law enforcement officials and their parties are treated as VIP guests for the show. VIP guests are called first followed by guests in numerical order of tickets. My husband and I were guests 1 & 2 and were seated dead center of the audience. A warm up comic come out and directs you on how the show will go and tells a few jokes mostly picking on people. They really stressed the importance of being loud and full of energy. You then meet Mark, the production manager who once again tells you how important energy is. Finally Stephen comes out, out of character, and runs a couple of laps around the studio, high fives the audience, then does something goofy. He welcomes and thanks you for being at the show, then opens the floor for questions. You get the chance to ask him anything you want, once again he is out of character. Then after questions he jumps right into the show and is immediately in character. He took some time to throw out some "wrist strong" bracelets into the audience, so try to get one! The show filming is really exciting. My husband said "it really makes you appreciate watching him on TV."   After the filming he takes one more question, thanks the audience, and leaves. If you get the chance to do it, GO! It was such an amazing experience and well worth the wait. This was one of my favorite things we did on our trip in the city. COLBERT NATION!!!
It's OK to wear white after Labor Day, as long as it's between RED and BLUE.  This is The Colbert Report Review! *APPLAUSE* Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Nation, let me just say that this was one of the most fun days I have had in a long time. Lots of laughter, enjoyment and entertainment. And that was only on the line to get in. I was with my friend and her sister and we were on line for about two and a half hours or so.  YES, you do need to get there early to get a good seat in the studio. It looks like it fits just under 100 people but every seat is a good seat (unless you're blocked by the cameras, which I was at various points). Once inside the building, your bag does get searched even more than it does at an airport, and you have to walk thru the metal detector.  After that you are stuck inside the waiting lair for another 30 minutes as the rehearsal is going on inside the studio. But when you get into the studio, ahhh you are in Colbert Heaven.  Yes, the microwave he stole from Bill O'Reilly is there. Yes, the hockey jersey is there. Yes, even the chalk outline of where he fell and broke his wrist is there too. As for the show itself, it was a very special day. Today was the day that Stephen's book "I Am America (And So Can You)" was released so he was in a very, very good mood.  How good a mood? Today, they did a rare "toss" between himself and Jon Stewart on "The Daily Show", which they hardly do anymore.  Yes, interaction between two of my heroes. Even better, he interviewed probably the greatest American and greatest patriot this country has ever known: Stephen Colbert. Yes, he interviewed himself and you just have to watch the show to see how he pulled that off. And even much better than that, EVERYBODY IN THE AUDIENCE GOT A COPY OF THE BOOK!!!!!!!!! Yes, a free copy of the book!!!!! Nation, if you get a chance you MUST see this show live. No show on TV rocks as much as "The Colbert Report". **UPDATE 1/14/2008** Got to goto my third taping, and this time I was able to snag a Wriststrong bracelet. See?
Stephen Colbert totally flirted with me.  More on that later.   Getting tickets is slightly different from the Daily Show method.  You email them, best a couple of months in advance, and send them a few preferred dates.  They will respond back and hopefully with a good date for you.  Again, tickets do not guarantee admission, so best bet is to get tickets and get in line early.  They try to start Thursday tapings early to get everyone out for the weekend, but the day I went, they ended up starting around their usual time.   If you get there early enough, you could end up in the front row like I did.  Awesomeness.  Get seated, wait, laugh to warm-up comedian, and then Colbert comes out, not in character, for a lil Q&A.  He high fives the whole front-row.   My hand shot up first and he called on me.  I asked him about Tina Fey's interview about a month earlier on the Daily Show.  Having worked with Stephen Colbert and Steve Carell while at Second City, she noted that one of them was quite the ladies' man.  Naturally, I wanted to know which one, so I asked.  Ever the Southern gentleman, he did not want to answer in fear of making him or Steve look bad, but he asked me who I thought.  I responded, "You, of course!" and he said, "Yeah, baby," in a low growl.  I'm never washing that hand again.   The show taping was great.  We got to see them re-tape a segment because he mis-spoke something.  He even alluded to my question while they were doing the part about him posing for the cover of a romance novel.   Totally fun and you can get dinner afterwards nearby in Hell's Kitchen where we saw quite a few co-audience members looking for food.
After too many times of getting tickets and not being able to be a member of the Colbert Report studio audience, I finally reached Colbert nirvana. Doors are at 6 and you pretty much need to be either a student or a complete slacker if you expect to get decent seats or allowed into the studio at all. The tickets don't guarantee entry but if you get turned away you get VIP tickets which allow you to come to another taping and allowed in first (if you arrive any time prior to 6pm). Basically you need a buddy to bust out of work early to get in line at about 4:00. The taping was not surprisingly enjoyable. You get a little bit of an audience warm up by a comic and then Stephen comes out to chit chat with the crowd. Worth the 4 times I got tickets and never ended up going.
Excellent experience! Unlike the Daily Show where you get "tickets" at 2:30 and come back, here you wait in line (there's an overhang) and then go into the studio. My favorite part was watching the Colbert retake a particularly difficult line and cheering with the audience when he finally got through it with a straight face. If you want to get last minute seats, follow @Spiffomatic64 (DailyTix) on Twitter for tickets that open up at the last minute. Usually the Sunday night before the week starts or even during the week, they will update how many tickets are available for Colbert Report or Daily Show. Sometimes it'll be 2 tickets, other times 20. If you are lucky, you'll be online tweet goes up and that'll link you to the sign-up page. You have to be fast though! Looking at their tweet history, you can see how quickly they're picked up. I'm not a huge fan of Twitter except for this page! It's helped me get tickets to Colbert and Daily Show despite my inflexible schedule.
Fast paced, sarcastic and at times truly intelligent humor. This show immediately follows The Daily Show and is a spin off with one of its former members getting his own show. Steven Colbert (pronounced coal-bear) does a nightly report (pronounced ree-poor) and makes me laugh out loud (pronounced loud). The show is suppose to mock The O'Reilly Factor, and sadly at times I do not know which one is funnier to watch.
I've been a fan of Stephen Colbert since I was in high school, when he was on Strangers with Candy (best show ever!) and the Daily Show.  Now a big fan of his own show, the amazingly-written Colbert Report, one of my priorities upon moving to New York was to finally go see a taping. I had such a great time seeing Stephen live!  The studio only seats 107, and basically all the seats are great spots.  The crowd is warmed up with a really excellent stand-up comedian (I'm not sure if they rotate comedians, but the one who was there at my show was fantastic...too bad I have no idea who he was)...Then, Stephen emerges and jumps around the stage to wild applause!  He takes a few moments to answer audience questions, and then he flings bracelets at the audience and does the show.  What a dynamic the show has in person!  At the end of the show, Stephen ran up the aisles and gave high fives...I was sitting on the end, so I got to high five Stephen!  Yay!  Go!  Get tickets!  You won't be disappointed!  Stephen every bit as amazing as he seems!
Stephen Tyrone Colbert is an American hero with a patriotic heart and an intelligent, sharp tongue & one kick-ass show. Why WOULDN'T you want to be a part of that??  Putting the ticket reservations page as your homepage definitely helps... I arrived late around 5pm and was 80-something-th in line.  Brought a book, some snacks while I waited for my friend to join me. Colbert has a nice covered awning for the line unlike the Daily Show line - you won't bake in the sun and turn bright red before you have your chance to meet one of our generation's most influential celebrities. After talking with one of the interns corralling us all into line, she said that the studio takes maybe 125 guests (where Daily Show takes 225+). They started handing out tickets early around 5:15pm and herded us into the herd-like waiting room.   Once you're past security, waited in a room full of tons of other people just as psyched as you are, you walk on set and take a seat. This is when the butterflies start going -- I also suggest taking a picture on your camera phone, because you won't be able to sneak one in later ;) Their warm-up comic was a bit of a snooze at first, but he warmed up on me (hence the title). After all the hype, guess who comes out higher than a kite from backstage? The big man himself! The fun thing is that you get to see him out of character during the Q&A and he was singing and dancing during commercial breaks.  He actually flubbed a couple times cracking up and had to retake shots which made for some very funny and memorable moments! This is a must-do/see/hear experience in NYC -- and if you're not a fan of this show already, go to comedycentral.com right now and check it out. This guy's not worth missing.
Unless you are a huge Colbert fan, I wouldn't advise wasting your time seeing this show.  You are advised to get here around 4pm, which if its a busy day is a good idea.  From 4pm-5:25pm you will sit outside in a dark holding pin that feels like a dungeon.  From there, you will be taken into a room where you will wait at least another hour before taking your seat.   For the almost 3 hours of waiting, he is only on stage for about half an hour at most.  His question answer session feels rushed. Only a few questions were answered  The best part of the taping is to watch Colbert dance before the show begins and during the break.   Although he is a funny dude, I would advise to watch the show on TV (which I do love).  Nothing is really great about this taping at all, compared to other Late Night shows like Jay Leno and Letterman.
Wahoo!  Scored free tickets for their 2/1/2011 taping and it was fantastic.  Even though we couldn't feel our toes while waiting in line (we got there super early, and it was super cold, and we're from Cali), it was worth it.  We were number 3 & 4 in line, and got seated in the second row, right in front of Steven's desk.   IMO, the best seats.  They have various cameras that move around the stage area to capture all the shots, and we had one of the few seats in the house that was unobstructed by the cameras 95% of the time.  Woot woot! Some highlights from the taping: 1) the warm up comedian guy hitting on the wife of one of the guest's, accidently. 2) Stephen's candid answers to audience questions before the taping. Out of character. 3) Watching Stephen mess up twice--it made the experience more real and fun.   4) Stephen flicked a one of those cause-bracelets at his main guest right before he had to interview the guy.  He hit Michael Lewis right in the face with that thing.  Hilarious. A few things to note, should you get tickets: a) be prepared to wait.  a long time.  bring a book. you wait outside to be given tickets into the show.  then, when you are permitted inside, you wait inside a 'holding room' of sorts, where you can use restrooms and watch old colbert reports.  finally, you will be allowed into the actual studio.   b) the earlier you get there, the better your seats will be. c) you do not choose your seats.  once you get inside the studio, they have people there who will seat you.  these seats are assigned based on your place in line.  so, if you're in the front of the line, you get seated first. Bummer that you have to wait 6 months before you can reserve more tickets. Guess I'll have to try to see the Daily Show next.
What a sexy ass man! Stephen Colbert is so charming and elegant in person. And he looks damn good in a suit! I listened to the advice of fellow yelp reviewers, and brought my party to the studio around 4:30ish. There were already several people on the line but it wasn't too bad. I think we would have made it into the studio if we came around 5. Bring a sharpie so you can leave your mark on the wall as you wait to enter. Also bring a snack and drinks if you want to get to the studio early. My party came really early and eventually we were hankering for a nosh. We went near the end of May, it was warm outside so the temperature wasn't unpleasant. I remember reading the yep reviews abut tight the security was and I almost didn't bring my camera. I guess the security loosened it's grip a bit because they allowed me t bring my camera with me, they just lecture us about using it in the studio. After security you enter the "waiting room" and wait for about an hour. There are memorabilia from the show decorating the room and TV screen that shows reruns the the Colbert Report.  There's a life size likeness of Stephen Colbert on the wall that was fun to take pictures with. The studio was surprisingly small; every seat is a god one The warm up comedian was meh, just asked people where they were fun and made fun of them. "Jersey sucks!" Meh. Stephen Colbert is AMAZING. He is so energetic and fun to watch. He dances and sings in between commercial break and he is a a joy to watch live. Colbert is a dynamic and classy man. I can't wait to see it live again!
The single most important and greatest moment in stand up performance art history: video.google.com/videopl… I can't believe this guy.  He is epic.  And he teaches Sunday school. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St…
This was by far one of the most amazing experiences I have ever had in New York City. My group and I arrived around 3:50 p.m. and later would be handed numbers 16-18 in line. Another person in my party made the reservations. My advice is to arrive as early as you can because VIP ticket holders will get to enter the actual set first. Then, they call you by number. After waiting outside in the cold for about two hours (totally worth it, no complaints) we were ushered into a TSA style security holding room. Our bags were screened and we walked through a metal detector. We waited about another hour in this room and were finally let onto the set. We sat third row, stage right (our left) right in front of Robert Colbert's desk. Our seats were amazing because the cameras were never blocking our view. The warm up comedian was great. He really engaged with the audience and you could tell he was just as excited as we were. Colbert came out before the show and did a ten minute Q&A session out of character. What a nice guy. The actual taping was really fun, and obviously hysterical. He messed up a few times and basically fell over laughing. I actually enjoyed this part because it was interesting to see how they re-tape and end up making the segment funnier. After the taping he gave away a set prop and two bracelets. The wait for this experience is so worth it. I'd do it again in a heartbeat!
Colbert Report. I had a little free time this week, so I watched Colbert Nation daily.  When a ticket opened up, I jumped on it. I read a few reviews (Colbert Nation has a few tips/tricks on the forum).  I showed up at 3:15. Two people were in line and a few people were lined up for stand by. I left to find a rest room (Starbucks, but a distance away). I showed up at 3:40 or so and I was  the 20th person in line.  A gate was opened and a line formed along the side of the building. They let us in a "secure room" about 5:30, we were all frozen solid by that time :).  You use the rest room and wait. . and wait . . .and wait. Normally, we hear, they open the doors by 6pm.  Not so on January 28th.   We were let in around 6:40pm and found out what was going on. The show had been decked out for Colbert's answer to the state-of-the union complete with a crowd (mostly stand-by people) a coke machine, and a podium.  I was in the second row (I even got a decent amount of screen time). I asked a question to Colbert during the Q&A. . .which he answered in good humor (out of character).  I was about 5feet from Colbert during the "state of the union" podium address, so that was pretty cool. They didn't seat the front row until the very END (I think stand-by people) so I don't see any problem arriving at 4:30. If you arrive at 5-5:15 you will be probably stuck at the top!   You enter the studio with the number you are in line (kind of like southwest airlines) PRO - Q&A - Colbert is a lot friendly than Jon Stewart (who is not as approachable) Con - waiting outside in the cold - no restrooms until 5:30
Being a member in the studio audience for the Colbert Report is tons of fun. Waiting on line for a few hours before the show isn't. However, it does come with the territory. Once you're inside, the tedious and boring wait seems worth it. I had tickets for the show, but that doesn't even guarentee entry sicne they overbook to ensure that the audience will be full. Get on the line early if you want a good seat (or any seat at all). Your bags will be searched upon entry for recording devices, weapons, etc. Once the show is about to begin, a comic warms up the audience. It was really good and set the tone for the rest of the show. Stephen also comes out for a Q&A with the audience. The taping itself it also fun, since Stephen interacts with the audience and such during commericials. This was a really fun experience!
Prepare to wait...and wait....anddd guess what WAIT. I arrived on Tuesday June 15th about 3:45pm. I was warned the lines could get super long and having a reserved ticket doesn't mean you're getting in. So my friend and I decided we'd play it smart and get there as early as possible. At 3:45 we were already #10 and 11 in line and a standby line had already formed of about 10-15 people. A guy comes out with a clipboard and walks the line every 20 mins or so, matching IDs to ticket requests and insuring everyones over 18. I decided to sit on the ground, underneath graffiti from other Colbert fans from previous shows, despite signs that were written "I peed here" gee thanks, can I just enjoy a place to sit since I have to wait so long? Doors finally opened at 5:30 and we were pushed into a very small room. You have to go through a metal detector and then they search your bags, and you're given a plastic card number. After another 45mins of waiting in this cramped room (atleast there's a bathroom in here) they call you by number into the studio. You do not get to choose where you sit. The interns point and pick seats for you. I was lucky enough to be in row 3, center stage. The warm up comic lasted for about 30-40mins and he was very funny. Colbert finally came on about 7:15. Show ended just after 8pm. Colbert even does a question and answer session out of character prior to the show, so think of a good question to ask if you're going!
A great time!  Included in seeing a taping of the Colbert Report is a boat load of waiting.  Waiting in line outside, waiting in the secure room once inside and then waiting after being sat. Once the show starts everything is pure magic!  The best may be witnessing the outtakes and participating in the Q&A. My husband asked Colbert "If you could add a commandment to the current ten, what would you add?" In character he replied, "Thou shall have balls."
I couldn't sleep, and of course, the last person I thought about before going to bed was...sigh..Steven Colbert! This review is soooo unfair because we got the pimp daddy version of the audience taping, my friend is a writer for the show so he hooked us up with VIP seats. I have to go to bed now and dream of Stephen Colbert. More review later, but...it was amazing and awesome I recommend it even if you have to wait in the normal line because the studio is very small, so even if you're the last person in, you will still have an amazing experience, especially because he does Q and A before the show.
As my friend calls it, the fantasy man-wich with Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert has been completed!!  Just 2 days after watching the Daily Show (where we also got to see that elusive "toss" where they will be on each other's show talking through the video monitors) - we scored tickets to the Colbert Report!  Putting the ticket reservations page as your homepage definitely helps... I arrived at 4pm and was 20th in line.  Brought a book, some snacks while I waited for my friend to join me. Colbert has a nice covered awning for the line so versus the Daily Show line- you won't bake in the sun, get rained on, or wait in constant fear that those fat pigeons are going to sht on you. By 5pm, there were probably 80 people in line. One veteran show-goer said it was a short line for today's show - most of the standbys made it in.  Studio takes maybe 125 guests (where Daily Show takes 225+). They started handing out tickets early around 5:15pm and herded us into the corral-like waiting room.  My friend who showed up before the cutoff at 530pm got her numbered ticket with mine, but since I was already inside, she had to wait in the security line for 30min. The waiting room has tons of Colbert photo ops - you can take pics with the life-size Colbert photo on the wall embracing you :) also plays tons of Colbert clips to keep you entertained. Warm-up comic was a bit of a snooze (Daily Show's guy was much funnier), but Colbert was sooo adorable.  You get to see him out of character during the Q&A and he was singing and dancing during commercial breaks.  He actually flubbed a couple times cracking up and had to retake shots which of course we just loved because it meant more STEVIE TIME!!  My friend snagged a wriststrong bracelet too Must-do/see/hear experience in NYC!  Worth making an afternoon "doctor's appointment" to skip out early... :)
I honestly have no words to describe this amazing experience! Stephen Colbert is absolutely HILARIOUS and being able to see him out of "character" was such an amazing opportunity! I got there around 4:45pm and was #22 in line. The wait outside wasn't too bad... they have heat lamps and a tent that blocks out the wind. They started letting people into the waiting area around 6pm and then another 45min wait indoors. They have old episodes playing to keep you entertained and some fun photo ops. They first seat the VIP's, and then go in number order for the general admission. But for some reason my friend and I were called first to get seated even though we were #'s 22 and 23. We got placed in the FRONT ROW. Then there's a warm-up comedian and he's great as well. Then they get you all pumped up to laugh extremely loud and cheer. And finally, Colbert runs out and we got high five's from him! He does some Q&A and an audience member asked him to sing since he apparently has an amazing voice. So he ends up doing a duet of the Star Spangled Banner with another audience member with harmonies and everything! But WOW, Stephen Colbert has AN AMAZING VOICE! It's really amazing to see the "magic" that goes on behind the show. The staff are incredibly considerate and organized, and overall the experience went smoothly. And even though they tell you to laugh ridiculously loud, Colbert is funny enough that many times, my outrageous laughter was sincere.
I got tickets in early August and ended up going to the September 21 taping. It was incredible. I got in line at 3 pm, assuming that there would at be a couple of people in line by then based on my experience at The Daily Show, where people got in line mad early. The whole block was literally deserted. I ended up being first in line, which was sweet (I got to sit at the end of the front row), but you can get a good number even if you get there at 4:30 or so. Stephen's an amazing performer, which comes across even more in person than it does on TV. He put on a great show (at one point he was dancing and singing along to Cee-Lo's "Fuck You" and getting the audience to sing too) and has so much energy, it was an absolute blast to be there. He really seemed like he wanted nothing more than for the people in the audience to have a great time. At the end of the taping he shook hands with everyone in the front row (and because of where I was, I was the first one to shake hands with him! *fangirl*) and thanked us for coming. Somewhat little-known fact: if you really want a picture or an autograph, you can wait around outside the studio after the show and if he's not busy, Stephen will sign something or take a picture with you. I waited 45 minutes or so and wound up with a picture with him - he was super nice about it and even checked to make sure it came out. The show is certainly worth going to if you're a fan of Stephen, or things that are funny, or all that is good in the world.
Seeing Colbert live should really be recognized as one of the quintessential New York experiences.  Colbert is an absolute riot and a master of his craft, and being able to see him live is all the sweeter if you've been following him religiously from the comfort of your own home. Getting tickets may seem intimidating, but you'll be surprised how often there will be last-minute availabilities that pop up on his website anywhere between a week or the night before (or even the morning of!) a taping.  I know not the rhyme nor reason, but I was able to score 2 tickets after 11:30p and then another 2 (which were apparently NOT available the night before) the following morning just before 8 am.  Odd. Lining up before the show is also an event of its own.  The website says to arrive before 5:15p, but we arrived just after 3:30p and there were already 10-15 people lined up ahead of us (also with ticket reservations!).  Mind you, your order in line becomes moot once you pass through the studio doors, because you basically empty out into an orderless room where people who were 10-15 people behind could easily end up next to you or even ahead of you in the crowd. The saving grace, however, is this magical white card that gets handed out by one of the security guard.  Again, the rhyme or reason behind who gets this card I know not, but I question not as one of my friends received said card and basically got us into the studio FIRST (only behind the VIPs - who, by the way, happened to be Colbert's sister and brother-in-law at this particular taping).  This magic white card also gave us the front row, dead-center seats in front of Colbert! Although we were initially distressed by the fact that we were positioned directly behind one of the camera men, they actually move so much during the show and actually position themselves elsewhere after the opening sequence that those seats really were golden and allowed the most consistent view of Colbert, and then of his interview of special guest towards stage left. The opening comedian was hilarious and I have to say that I laughed just as hard at his improv stylings as I did during Colbert's show.  Another treat was a standard Q&A session with Colbert OUT of character before the show, during which time he was absolutely gracious and equally hilarious as his on-screen persona. All in all, a great experience which was well worth the wait, from beginning to end (which BTW is just before 8 pm).  Even if you don't score the magic white card, I am certain that you will have a fantastic and memorable evening. ESPECIALLY if you also get to high-five Colbert!!!
I just came back from tonight's taping, not knowing what to expect. It was just made of pure awesome. Their warm-up comic was funny as hell, and if he happens to pick on you, take it in good stride, he doesn't mean any harm.  Heck, he even admits it when sometimes he may have taken it a bit too far.  Colbert comes out and does a short Q&A while out of character ("Here's your chance to humanize me before I start saying horrible things!") before the show begins.  Colbert loves interacting with the crowd, even during commercial breaks we get to watch him lip sync and do air-guitar. It was like a little kid having a lot of fun, and that's what made it great. He gave a really sincere thank-you to the audience, and I was one of the lucky ones that shook his hand after the show.   I love The Colbert Report, but watching it live just brought it up to a whole new level of awesome.  The only complaint I had was the waiting period. If you're gonna go (and I demand that you do), be prepared to wait at least 3 hours (Good thing I brought my DS).  I also suggest getting there early, since even if you have reservations, you may not be able to actually get into the studio. In Short: Go watch this live or you hate America.  Period
You will be waiting in line for a while for front row seats but it's definitely worth the wait! The studio is a bit on the chilly side so make sure you bring a light sweater or something to drape over yourself.
Colbert is awesome! On TV, in person, equally as awesome and entertaining. The first time we traveled here from Boston just to see the show. Even with a reservation, we came early to wait in line - around 4:00 pm to ensure a good seat, thanks to the advice from other yelpers! Totally worth it. Live show with Colbert is really an experience. Colbert came to greet us out-of-character and answered some questions from the audience. We were plenty entertained throughout the show. It's really just a perfect shooting - there is no re-takes, no mistakes. Colbert is truly a professional. The ticket reservations can be made online when they are available and it's free. (Check daily)
The experience of being in the audience of the Colbert gets a full five stars. Before the Show -A very long wait, but hey, the tickets are free, and it was no surprise. -The warm up comic was good (Paul Mecurio, Daily Show's warm up guy  is better) Colbert before the Show -One person asked him to do the "Oh What a King Am I!" dance from Stranger's with Candy, and he did! -Two female attendees offered him a poster for him to keep,  but he suggested "What if *I* sign it, and *you* keep it?  (photo of the poster is up!) Out of the two episodes, #300 was very memorable as Mike Huckabee was an early guest, and an internet "expert" was expertly skewered when trying to one-up Colbert fueling the guest/interview segment. Also, this "challenging" guest  was a pittance when compared to Richard Branson, whose interview was reaired the 22nd of August. I remember the graphic/montage with "Colbert/Branson Interview Trainwreck" which was fitting, because that's what it was. Both times it was a great experience, Colbert was a nice host before the show. He answered a few questions, and is very engaging with the crowd. During the taping, what stuck out is how he got on himself for needing 3 takes on one joke, a rare thing. If you ever watch the show and see him smile and hear disproportionate cheering and laughter, it's probably because he got through a tongue-twisteresque impasse, and finally NAILED IT!
I am American (And So Can You)! I wonder how I went through so many years of my life without knowing of this man and his painfully witty show.  As I always say, sarcasm, wit, and dirty humor spike the drink of life.  Then add intelligence, sharpness, and a healthy dose of cynicism and you're got yourself a gem.  The Colbert Report commingles all the traits in a human that I would ever want. Also, I heard the announcement that Obama would be president from his lips.
I shook Colbert's hand. Period. That was awesome. I came here to watch the taping of the show, courtesy of a cool friend who got me tickets. You have to wait in line at 5:30 pm, they file people in starting then, all the way until 7 pm. You also have to go through security like the airport. You are shuttled into a red room with nothing in it except a tv and a bathroom, so you watch Colbert re-runs until they let you into the seating area at 7 pm. The taping was great, Colbert acts as young as his demographics - even singing Cee Lo's infamous song, the unclean version of Forget You. We even got a q & a with him before the taping started. I had a great time!
We saw The Colbert Report in February 2008. The writers' strike was still going on, but the show was still fantastic. Stephen Colbert even launched two Wriststrong bracelets right in my general direction, and I managed to catch one of them. Also? We were totally on TV during the sweeping intro shot of the audience. It was ridiculously exciting.
Obviously this is a fun and intelligent show but is it worth the wait to be a part of the audience?  Of course it is!   It was pretty much pouring the day I went but it was all good because the waiting areas are covered.  At the Daily Show, people were sitting on the sidewalk but no one decided to sit here so I ended up standing for the entire wait (got there at 4 and got in around 530ish with ticket #24).  This isn't really a big problem but after going through all the airport-style security, we waited another hour plus when they told us we were going in about fifteen minutes later.   After we got in, just like at the Daily Show, there is a stand-up comedian who makes fun of certain members of the audience.  Pretty much, the guy told us he was in charge of making sure we were all pumped up when Stephen came in and started the big show.   Yeah, well that time came and the big guy entered much to everyone's pleasure and he seemed much more energized than Stewart as he ran in and jumped around and pretty much acted like a little kid.  He took questions out of character and it's pretty interesting to hear him talk about his personal life.   Finally, the show started (I didn't get a wristband *cry*) and with the talons of the eagle outstretched out of the TV, we all went nuts.  Everyone who works at the show told us to laugh enthusiastically all the time but it really isn't that hard as Colbert's character is just fucking hilarious.  There was actually a technical problem ,"which has never happened" and thus made us "collector items" but other than that, the show went perfectly fine as was great entertainment.   If you have no tickets and are trying to go standby and really want to get in, then you'll obviously have to get there early maybe around 3:45 or so.  No guarantees though, haha.  As for the notion of getting there early = good seats is partially true.  VIP ticket holders always go first and if you go to a show where there are a lot of them, your chances of getting a front or second row seat is a crapshoot.  They place you according to your group size so if you're an individual, you'll have a better chance of getting a good seat rather than if you're in a group of four.   Anyhow, this show is fantastic and is well worth the wait.  I will definitely go again when I have the time.  Colbert is awesome!
Aptly I write this review directly following my review for the Daily Show. Ahhh, Steven Colbert.  What would my life be like without you?  Let me tell you.  My life would be desolate, boring, and full of tears.  I would have terrible self confidence and would likely suffer from a terminal illness in the near future.  But alas, Colbert bust into my life a few years back, and brightens my day for a half hour.  The laughter and love that Colbert injects into my day has surely kept that terminal illness at bay.  So today I thank you Steven Colbert.  I thank you from the bottom of my healthy heart.
The most important news outlet available in the U.S.A today.  Sad, but true.
Colbert live was much better than the Late Show. Colbert was much more involved with the audience and there was a bunch of random people blocking your view like at the late show. The stand up comedian was hysterical and ended up staying on for about 40 minutes before Colbert came out. Even during commercials he tries to stay in character and involved with the audience...Letterman seemed burned out or something and just didn't really care anymore.
Great experience - and I didn't even see a particularly exciting episode. I believe I got to the studio around 3:30pm; other people can join people already waiting in line up to a certain time, so while I was approximately 10th in line upon arrival, I ended up more around 20+ by the time physical tickets were handed out.  Doors open around 5:30pm, so be prepared to wait - if you attend the show alone like I did (I was only able to snag one ticket online), you will most definitely want to bring a book or your iPod to keep you entertained.  You then wait in a small room until the studio doors open around 7, but at least you get to watch a slew of hilarious clips from previous episodes.  The warm up comedian is OK - he will give you a few laughs.   The studio itself is quite small and intimate, so there really isn't a bad seat.  I arrived early, so I managed to sit in the center fourth row, which was GREAT except for the fact that the camera pans right in front of this row... I sat right in its path, so I unfortunately had to remain seated. Stephen is HILARIOUS - simply a wonderful performer.  Real Stephen is gracious and humble and will take questions before taping begins.  The transition from real Stephen to character Stephen occurs within the blink of an eye.  He had to do several re-takes during this particular filming because the skits made him laugh too much, so filming didn't end until just before 9pm.  He apologized for the long filming time, but I don't think anyone minded - the more Stephen, the better. Overall, fantastic experience.  I will be sure to take a friend next time...  there will definitely be a next time!
I've been to two tapings in two years. Both were experiences of a lifetime. What on earth can I say? Show up early(ish) to get a good seat, relax, and enjoy yourself. Stephen is brilliant. The man is a comedic genius and unfathomably talented (side note: I saw him in "Company" as well, and he was just as brilliant singing and dancing as he is delivering political zingers on screen). And the opening comedian was hilarious. I forget his name (I'm sorry!) but the entire Colbert experience is just awesome, start to finish.
While the hour or so wait in the small, claustrophobic waiting room is not ideal, it was a great experience I would do again in a heart beat. Can't wait to go again!
Straight up, the staff at The Colbert Report is astounding. They are caring, sincere and helpful in many ways (unlike the emmy hungry show down the block). We checked in on stand by and they pushed to make sure we all got in. And then of course, you have the show itself is which quite the show. I was mesmerized with the whole production, how Stephen manages the crowd, control the stage and put on such a great show for the audience live and on TV. Now, I wouldn't suggest doing this often (you can't anyway, have to wait 6 months) as there's a waiting line...but to experience it once, is worth it.
Is a 2 hour wait (an hour on line, an hour in the waiting room, 20 min of warm up comedian) really worth a 45 minute show taping? When it's the Colbert Report, the answer is a resounding: [the] Word.   The man will answer questions out of character, do a little dance if you're lucky, and come off as entertaining and hilarious throughout. The only negative reviews came from a person who never attended the show but hates the people who have, and one that doesn't understand the concept of VIP/guest of crew tickets. You don't want to be like them do you? Go there, see it, love it.
Do this! I don't even watch tv and this was a blast. It's really interesting to see how the show is made, and you can tell the people working here really give a woot about what they're doing. The question and answer before the show is rad too-Colbert even used a question from the taping I went to as a sort of inside joke on the episode! Be prepared to show up early if you want good seats-be super excited, military or part of a "diverse" group if you want to be sat in the front. (yay being a military kid, it was cheesily fun seeing myself on tv in the front row!)
Colbert is God. Absolutely ranks as one of the most awesome days I've had since living in NYC. Wait wasn't too bad. They try to do their best to get you pumped up for the show, but when Colbert comes out that's all you need to amp it up. It's was very unique to see him before the show out of character, hopefully most of you reading this understand it's a character. By in large one of the best things ever. Now go get your truthiness on! *Yelp doesn't recongize "truthiness" as a real word, better get on that Yelp*
Whats not to love about this idiot Colber?! Got VIP tickets, no line, thats what VIP means. Walk in like a bawse! Quick security check. Waiting room, then VIP tickets let in first, BAWSE. Warm up comedian was funny as shit, then comes Colbert. Favorite segment of the night? Him dancing ballet in leggings because he's the bawwwwse
Oh what fun. I must say I'm not a huge fan of the show (I like The Daily Show better), but this was still a very awesome experience, definitely worth the two hours wait. I loved how Stephen made us an important part of the show, and didn't treat us like space fillers. He engaged us in every part of the show, and even taught us a song for the Washington rally. He was super cute. The wait was long, and they make you go through metal detectors. You can't bring in a camera (if I understood correctly, they'll have you store your camera or sharp metal objects in their safe). You can have your phone with you, but they warn you it will be confiscated if you take it out inside the studio. And they do have two bald guys (who look like the scary brothers assassins from Breaking Bad) who stare at the audience without blinking during the entire taping. The Q&A with Stephen was fun, but a little short. The stand up guy felt more like a babysitter, he didn't have actual material. He was just passing time. Which was ok. We arrived at 4:25pm, and were number 40-41 in line. We got in the studio at about 6:40, and the taping started at about 7pm. We were out at 8pm. Overall this was quite awesome.
So awesome! Seriously, such a good show. Seeing it live was easy -- get tickets online when they come available, get there an hour early to get in line, and then it's a very organized operation from there. We had great seats, but all the seats are pretty great given the tiny theatre. Stephen is great -- fun and interactive with the audience. Definitely the best live show I've seen!
Got hooked up with tickets last summer and lucky me it was the night Steve Carell came as a guest! Seeing Colbert out of character was so surreal, and the audience section is much smaller than I imagined. There really isn't anything as rewarding as seeing yourself clap for two seconds after an intro sequence. :) All in all a great experience, the waiting area is a bit cramped but the staff is fun and great at keeping you pre-occupied until the show starts.
Get to the Chase: How it works 1) You sign up to be invited for ticket pickups 2) Emailed a confirmation that you have been invited 3) Show up at the studio before 6:00 PM (BUT if you want to definitely get a ticket show up 3:30-4:30) Don't be fooled...the line snakes around the corner into this sketchy alley way that is awesomely graffitied with Colbert's mug :) 4) Greeted with young intern/staff who have ipads to check you in (u can bring 1 guest, which had to have been indicated in the email signup) 5) People are given blue lamenated tickets (red for VIP), and then checked by security through metal detectors 6) STRICTLY not allowed to use cell-phones once inside...Colbert's Double 00 agents will take you down if you do 7) Seating is completely arbitrary (so don't be excited if your ticket number is 20 or 40)...they choose based on seating arrangements to fit every1 like a tetris puzzle 8) Front row seaters prepare to probably get high-fived by Colbert!!! 9) BE WARNED no TOILETS once you're seated (but i'm sure you can hold it for a 20-30 min show) Pros: 1) SURREAL! Seeing Colbert live is just an experience in itself! 2) Colbert is such a likeable person in and out of character! 3) Before the show there's a warm-up comedian who is HILARIOUS (watch for it he picks people in the audience... don't worry he plays nice...sorta) 4) Colbert Q&A before the show 5) Colbert lightup pens are on your seat! :) 6) You might get to be on TV when they do the audience sweep with the camera Cons: 1) COLD as hell...their AC's are pumped up to igloo temperatures (colder than a polar bear's testicles) 2) Spent 4 hours of my day to see a 30 min show....BUT IT WAS SO WORTH IT! Colbert is amazing!
I went to a taping of the Daily Show about a year ago, and although that was a great time, I must say that this experience blew it away.  First of all, our wait in line was much shorter.  (We had also learned from the Daily Show to eat while in line because we wouldn't be able to do that again for several hours.)  If you have tickets, you should be there by 5:15 pm at the latest, but they do allow friends to meet you up until 5:30.  The line wranglers are super nice--one of them is probably the most cheerful person I've ever met in my life.   Once inside the studio, we had to stand around for a while longer while Stephen finished rehearsing, but they had old episodes of the show playing, so that kept us entertained.  My friend and I were seated in  the very front row due to her visual impairment, so we got to high-five Stephen at the top of the show, and shake his hand at the end.  (He smells like baby powder...probably from all the makeup.) The only downside of sitting front and center was that we were literally right behind the main camera, so there was much leaning and neck craning involved.  I can't complain though, since we were privy to Stephen's very first bonus Word segment ever!   The guests were the Gorillaz featuring Bobby Womack and 2 guys from The Clash.  I'm not really familiar with the Gorillaz, but they were amazing.  Since they were having sound issues we actually got to hear the song 4 times. Stephen takes questions out of character before the show starts, and although his "real" self is definitely different than his persona, he's still hilarious.  An audience member asked, "I know you teach Sunday school; what do you tell the kids about the scandal in the church?"  His reply, "I say well kids...sometimes your priest just wants to fuck you.  No, actually, they don't usually bring it up."  Compare that to his answer to my friend's question about what his favorite part of his trip to Iraq was- meeting the soldiers.  A smartass, yes, but definitely a nice guy and a total sweetheart.  (Much more accessible than Jon Stewart.) The taping was mostly flawless, with just a few outtakes, but I left there with my face hurting from smiling and laughing so hard.
I went to see a live recording of the Colbert Report back in April of '08 and it was amazing! He is truly an inspiration and just as funny as he is on T.V. As with any live recording you have to wait forever and they make you do some stupid crap, but it's well worth it. Make sure you bring water and snacks for yourself and whoever you are with because they will thank you.
Stephen Colbert hates old ladies. Ok, he doesn't - but his staff certainly do. We showed up around 3.30PM for standby tickets - there were 3 of us, including one old lady. She's a huge Colbert fan - doesn't understand a word he says but thinks he's one handsome son of a gun. Anyways, we stood in line for a while and inevitably, she got tired, began to lean against the fence etc. So we asked the guy at the door if would be so kind as to let her sit inside or at least get her a chair. No, he said, but she could go sit at the Dunkin Donuts around the corner BUT she needs to be back in 20 minutes when we start checking you guys in. Give me a break dude, why don't you just karate chop her and be done with it? That's like 10 miles for an old person. So we sign up and we're told to come back at 6PM. We do, and they let the ticket holders in first. Keep in mind, all this time she's still standing and waiting. They say they are about to let the standby folks in. And all of a sudden this girl walks up wearing a graduation cap with her friend and mother and says she wants to sign up for the standby line. The dude tells her congratulations!, gives her and the other two tickets, while grandma watches on, leaning against the fence. They then begin letting the other standbys in. Everyone before us in the standby line is let in, until...yup you guessed it. Sorry guys no room for you, come back next time. Colbert Nation Staffers: Why do you hate old ladies? Better yet, why do you hate America?
Well, it was a really cool experience and I love Colbert.  However, getting into the studio is horrible.  The waiting on line for an hour, waiting in a holding room like cattle for another hour, and going through a metal detector is all fairly demeaning.  Even though I was angry beforehand, I really enjoyed the show.   Major props to Stephen for mouthing Cee-lo's "F*ck You" and dancing.  He's hilarious.  I'd recommend going if you're not claustrophobic and don't mind being pushed around for 2 hours.
This was an awesome show to go to! We got in line around 4 PM and were number 29 and 30. Make sure if you have tickets to go into the ticket line and not the standby line that we first went into. It might help to bring a little fold up chair, also. The show itself is great and they run a smooth show. Stephen threw out bracelets to us and offered up an autographed script if anyone could ID the band they were playing. He seems like he is having the time of his life, which makes the show even better.
Nation, if you haven't seen Stephen in the flesh, you better get on it. The wait time is way longer than the actual taping time but the staff do their best to humor you and hype you up for Stephen. They have a hilarious warm up guy, but nothing beats the level of applause and laughter when Colbert himself appears. As much as I love the show, the wait and herding time was just way too long for me so I'll just settle with watching this on Comedy Central. By the time we got seated, they were out of actual seats so we had to sit on the steps near the railing. Turned out OK since Stephen walked past us when the show ended. I called out his name and said goodbye to him and he actually looked up, smiled, and waved. What a nice guy, but you already know that.
I officially have a school girl crush on Stephen Colbert. I would send him fan mail to express my appreciation for him, except my school girl days are actually way behind me. So let me say it here: I HEART STEPHEN COLBERT! We stood in line for over 1.5 hrs and were freezing our balls off, but the reward was worth every fiber and follicle that sacrificed itself in the name of entertainment. I laughed so hard that I nearly had a hemorrhage from all the hilarity.
Free. There are other shows you can see for free in the city, but none as consistently awesome as this one! Got in line at 5:15 wednesday in the bitter...bitter...bitter cold. By 5:45 my toes were numb and I'm pretty sure I lost part of an ear. By 6:30 we were inside after a security screening that would make TSA proud, but it was better than continuing to wait outside and have my saliva turn to ice. Around 7 they opened the doors to the studio which seats about 150. A few rules, blah blah blah...no pictures, laugh loud and often, etc... I tried to take a picture at one point and I'm pretty sure the security dude thought about shooting me. The next half hour was the warm up comic, pretty funny guy! Finally near 8 Stephen comes out and answers a few questions "out of character", which means slightly different than his character? Still...funny. Then the next forty minutes we were treated to an amazing one take show with special guest Steve Martin! Truly memorable and again...FREE!
SOOO much fun! Have been a few times now and it's always a great time. If you ware wondering how to get tickets this explains it pretty well howtogettickets.com.
My first exposure to the Colbert Report was at a live show! I have been too many live TV shows aand feel that the Colbert Report is a model for the new connected world.  His interaction, jokes, and analysis of the Great Gatsby was truly insightful.  I cannot believe it has taken me this long to become involved with the Colbert Report!  This is the start of a beautiful friendship!  Hoya Saxa!
Colbert=awesome.  The live show is great!  He takes questions out of character before the taping and that's really nice. I also got a front row seat and was able to high five Colbert!  The guest that day was okay, a professor from Harvard with a new book out.  We saw him walking outside after and he was nice enough to stop for a picture. The only thing that sucks about going to the show taping is how long you have to wait....it takes FOREVER to get into the studio.
This review is for the Monday, 6/7/2010 show.   Stephen Colbert  is the man!    I have been watching  Stephen since his days at the Daily Show & on Strangers With Candy.  And, I have been a fan of the show since day one.  Imagine my delight getting tickets to go see the show during my first trip in NYC! Sure, the wait seemed forever, but once we got inside the time went by quickly... you could watch previous shows on big screens in the holding room... or wait in an enormous line to use the ladies room (only 1 turlet for 40+ ladies in line). Once inside, the studio is intimate and energetic.  The warm-up guy was hilarious.  Then Stephen came out and shot some of his "Wriststrong" bracelets into the crowd and fielded some questions from the audience. The show was fantastic, my side actually hurt from laughing.  Everybody in the crowd left the show with an enormous smile on their faces.  You may not think this is a big deal, but right before this show I saw David Letterman.... nobody was smiling on the way out from that show.   Oh, oh... and outside the Colbert Report building after the show was a Ben & Jerry's truck giving us free samples.  One of the best experiences in NYC... and it's free!
Came here with some friends and so glad that we were able to get tickets. The wait in line wasn't too bad...the wait to actually get into the sitting area took awhile, but that's just me being nit-picky. The staff was friendly and entertaining and the show was awesome. The warm up guy was awesome as well. Would definitely do this again!
Your experience is truly enhanced if you're a big fan of the show. There's a Q & A section beforehand where you get to ask the man himself some questions and you get to see him out of character (how often do you get to experience that?). So if you're coming to a taping be prepared with a question. Note that you're not allowed to ask him to do anything (sign something for example) or for something (can I have five dollars stephen?). People at my taping asked for his opinion on recent news stories, marital advice, favorite memories from Chicago, etc. There's a comic beforehand that's entertaining and warms up the crowd pretty well. Overall it's a fun time and you get to see how the show is produced behind the scenes.
Thanks to a lovely friend of mine, I was lucky enough to reserve e-tickets to go and see the Colbert Report this summer. They happened to open up an August spot in early May! What a wait! It was way more fantastic than I could have ever imagined. The maximum ticket hold per person is 4 tickets, so I was able to take my pair of brothers and best friend at the time while another friend snagged a ticket for herself as well. It was one of the best nights ever. Once you see the show and Colbert's in-person dynamic, it just isn't the same again! It should be noted that there are two different lines--the standby line and the general audience line. Why do I emphasize this? Because our silly group can't read signs it seems, and sat on the standby line for an hour and a half, despite having tickets. It was only later 'til we realized, "holy mackerel, we're supposed to be on the line under the tent." Honestly though, looks like you'll get great seats no matter where in line you are. Our seat mishap made us end up on television and we got a personal viewing of Colbert's ass. "You guys can enjoy a lovely view of my ass..." The wait outside is incredibly exciting, so it's a blast to go with friends so you can pass the time. We got there about two hours before entry time. Then they have semi-airport level security in the smallest room known to man (how on earth they fit 200+ people in there is beyond me), and good luck if you all need to use the bathroom at the same time. Huddled up in a sea of strangers, we watched some hilarious Colbert Report snippets on a teensy little television hanging in the corner, but laughs were had...and then, it was time to enter the studio. I'm pretty sure you can assume the awesome that goes on from there. We got a pre-show comedian who was pretty ace, and then...the show is on. If you enjoy the show, just...try to imagine it a million times better. After your wipe up the remnants of your head off the walls, just smile and realize you have to experience this for yourself.
Ok, I'll admit it. I have a crush on Colbert and all of his amazing satire. That being said, I've been 3 times and each time has been a great experience! The studio is smaller than the Daily Show...if you get in line with a ticket, so long as you're under the awning, you're fine. Every time I have gone, I have seen a few of the first people in the standby line get in. Until an hour before the doors open, you can hold places in line for others in your party so they can go to the bathroom, get liquids/food/etc. Understand that you will be in line for awhile. But understand that it's worth it. The warmup comic, Pete Domenic is hilarious and a lot of fun. The former audience coordinator Mark Malkoff is an awesome guy and extremely helpful. The staff is great and friendly. The new audience coordinator is another nice guy too. Before the show starts, you get into a holding pen. Make sure you get in the bathroom then because there's no other option after you get into the studio. Once you're inside, the Pete comes to warm up the crowd and get you laughing. Then Stephen comes out and he totally feeds off the crowd. I've gotten to ask him 2 questions and even got to high 5 him! Stephen seems to be a super nice and down to earth guy. The show...well, if you're looking at this you must be a fan already so no need to delve deeper there. By all means, come, visit, wait in line, and then laugh your ass off! *If you're sitting in the middle of the bleachers where the opening to the backstage is, that's where Stephen comes out. *No posters are allowed anymore. Security will take them at the metal detector.
Managed to get tics to watch Colbert last year! Waiting in line wasnt that bad.. Hes amazing live, really funny to watch him screw up and having to retape certain parts. The audience were able to ask him any questions before the show started which was pretty cool.
Didn't know the reason for the cancelation when I posted my first review.
This is more of a review for the show itself than it is for the process of getting tickets and actually being an audience member.  He is pure genius, also his writing team is whitty and brilliant!  Keep it up Colb!
Nation, if you love or even just sort of like Stephen Colbert, then you must go see a live taping of the Colbert Report! Wait was reasonable, pump up comedian was much better than I expected, Q&A with Stephen was a nice touch, and the show itself was a great. FYI I got there around 4:45 pm to get in line and was about 80 people back. I had no problem getting in and having a seat dead center, although near the top. Not a great spot for getting a wriststrong band flung at you, but otherwise I liked my position. Its small so you can see from everywhere, so only go at 4pm if you really want to be in the front seat.
SOOOOO much fun!   I had tickets reserved ahead of time.  Showed up at 4:30 and ended up as number 34 in line.  Filed in through security at 6:00. You have to hang out in a holding room for a while before being seated, but the time goes by pretty quickly, especially if you're with a few friends.  The show started taping at about 7:30. The staff was super polite, the warm up comedian was funny, and Colbert killed it!  Wonderful experience!  I hope I get to do it again some day.
I went to the Colbert Report in January 2011 and enjoyed it very much. Before I tried to get into the show two times and failed because you have to be super early to get a ticket. The third time I did it the right way: I didn't even bother to be there in time, instead I arrived when they were letting people in already. Then I asked if they had some spare tickets left. The friendly lady told me they did and so I got in. The show was hilarious and Colbert was quite nice in Person. Everything else about the show and process before (don't bring weapons, don't take pictures, use the bathroom... etc.) has been said already, so I won't repeat that. Enjoy the show!
5 stars for Stephen...even if he did talk to his peeps during an unexplained break in the middle of the show. It looked like they were  just  having personal conservations and laughing.No explanation..Stephen was gracious and adorable otherwise.. Anyway.. .3  stars overall..Horrible... crass (my words and another reviewer's here) warm up guy...Not funny to me...yuck..The waiting/holding area is ATROCIOUS and dangerous... Packed in like hot sardines for over an hour??? .Seriously Steven??? You can't figure out  a better way to treat your rabid dedicated fans?? I figured out  a way to change that in like 2 minutes..I'm seriously going to call the fire dept.. That is a dangerous crowded cramped situation..I almost passed out from the heat and a disabled man who was low to the ground in some sort of wheel chair almost got trampled.......... grrrrrrrrrrrrr The waiting part was ridiculous..There is  a better way and they better figure one out..PLUS after the show...( I was told you cannot use the bathroom during taping)...the bald non smiling ever Nazi guy wouldn't let me use the bathroom  on the way out after 2 hours of NOT being able to use it?? Why?? That was ridiculous...I found  a Wendy's  pretty close but the bathroom was like 2  long stories up and ALL the way to the back  I had to GO!  Ouch!!! Thanks a lot Colbert report!
We went to the show on Monday August 5 and were not disappointed.  We were fortunate enough to have VIP tickets so the line was not too bad.  You could get there right at 530 and it wasn't a problem.  Other posters have noted there isnt a lot around the studio--a cvs on the opposite corner and a dunkin on 10th.  That's about it They let us in right away to a room that had about 20 seats on benches and then standing room.  There is a mens room and a ladies room (both singletons) which were clean.  It isn't a very warm room and nor is the studio so err on the side of more clothing rather than less We waited in the room until about 715 or 730 when they brought us into the studio and we were "warmed up" by a comedian.  The show started taping around 745 and finished around 840.  It's a great experience since Stephen takes questions out of character for 5 minutes before the show starts.
Great
i love you friend but now 2x as much after you shared your VIP tickets to the Colbert Report... what to expect: - mortals have to get there hours earlier (4:30?) and follow some hit/miss, maybe you get in maybe you won't process.  expect to be held cattle lockdown in a sketchy 2x2 alley while VIP hookups show up just an hour before showtime... - around 6pm we get ushered into a dumpy waiting room to do a 2 sec. ID check/security check.  inside: water, banos, tv entertainment of continuous show reels.  you wait and wait and wait while colbert & crew finish up rehearsals. - At 6:45 the page who looks like the spawn of colbert (yes he is asked, no he isn't but Oh Ho Ho has he been asked often) comes out for the pre 411.  You know he has to give the same speech every single day of his intern paying gig but surprisingly he seems genuinely nice and unjaded.  Colbert Jr. instructs us 67 times to laugh OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD to the point where you are "that guy" with the freaky obnoxious laugh. - 7:30pm - the chamber doors open.  friend and i are first ones in and score! 2nd row, magically close to his desk, the eagle nest... - Warm up comedian is pretty funny and does an effective job poking fun at the audience: "You go to Rutgers?  That was my safety school...i went to the University of Phoenix Online instead" "To get on TV, just be 2 white girls making out..." cue Stephen bursting onto set "Did someone say girls making out?"   - Stephen does a 10 min Q&A w/ us: Observation #1: shorter in real life of course Observation #2: his makeup is 1 shade lighter than Ooompa Loompa orange He gets asked a bunch ranging from: Boring: "Are you writing another book?" Not Funny (Brit tourist): "Since your show can't possibly last forever, what other career..."  (Audience boos)   Answer: "Nothing!  I can't DO anything else." Eeeh: "What is your favorite sexual vegetable?" Answer: "Does the va-jay jay count as a vegetable?"   [ew, giggle] Show itself flew by.  Clip of (genius) interview w/ Paul McCartney, live chat w/ fuddy duddy art historian, Stephen waxing on about the buffalo wing shortage and then proceeding to eat a plate... It's a good time.  A solid hour of fun escapism and definitely no fake laughing needed.
I had an absolute blast at The Colbert Report. The staff and Stephan are very kind and friendly. Things you need to know before you go: 1. Be prepared to stand for a very long time. Dont forget to bend your knees, locking them can cause you to faint. 2. Bring a fully charged cell phone and a book. You're going to be waiting a long time till taping starts. Today I finally got in the show. I tired to go a few days before and do stand-by but I didnt get in that day and was sent home. They did tell me though to check in the afternoons they release tickets last minute. I tried that today and VICTORY! I got to the show at 4:30pm. I was the 68th person in line. I think the venue holds about 100-150 people. From there you wait til 6pm where you then go through security and then do another 1hr and 15 mins of waiting. Like I said a lot of waiting and time to pass. BUT IT'S ALL WORTH IT! When you get into the show there is a great warm up comic and then you get a Q&A with Colbert (out of character) and then the show starts. The show is great. I was wondering going in if it would be hard to laugh hard as they suggest but it's so easy and genuine because he is hilarious. The show ends about 8:45pm. All in all a great time! I cant wait to see more live tapings
4.5 stars... One of the best things you can do for free in NYC is go to a tapings of some of your favorite TV shows. True, sitcoms filmed in front of a live studio audience is mostly a thing of the past and most of those are filmed in California but there are still plenty of shows filmed in New York, Colbert Report is one of the best ones you can go to. In addition to news type programs (of which there are many) some of the biggest shows taped in a studio with an audience in Manhattan are: The Colbert Report, The Daily Show, SNL, Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, Late Show with David Letterman, Regis and Kelly, Who wants to be a Millionaire, The People's Court, Maury, Tyra Banks, Rachael Ray, Martha Stewart, and a bunch of other shows on cable networks like MTV and VH1. Shows are always free and all of the them have different ways of getting tickets. Some you enter a lottery (some online and some via snail mail), some you check availability and reserve online, some you have to call and check on, and most of them you can show up the day of the taping and attempt to get standby tickets (this works better for some shows than others). The Colbert Report (and The Daily Show) are two of the easiest to get tickets for (if you have patience) because they have a section of their website devoted to it and when tickets are available it shows how many there are left and you can reserve them right then and there. It took me passively checking over the span of a couple months to finally see an open date but once it was there the rest of the process was a breeze. Once the ticket(s) are reserved, print out the confirmation email and bring it with your ID to the studio around 5pm (5:30 is the cut off). You get in line and they slowly let everyone in and do a full security checkpoint. Where the Daily Show differs from The Colbert Repot is what happens next. For the Colbert Report they keep you in a small holding room with everyone else, well beyond the time were the last person goes through security. I have no idea how long I was there but it felt like an hour. Luckly I was in the corner of the room propped up against a wall and not crammed like cattle in the middle. There are no windows and no seats, there's only a TV playing old clips from the show and a couple bathrooms. When they eventually open the doors to the studio (no photos are allowed inside) they let three tiers of people in, one at a time. First are the white ticket holders. I don't know how you normally get one of these but the security guard pulled me aside and gave me one randomly so I got to go in first. Second is the VIP ticket holders, these are normally friends of someone working on or featured on the show. Lastly is general admission (this is most of the audience). The studio is fairly small so no one has a bad seat at all (though being in the front row was pretty awesome). The show starts with a warm up comedian who humorously gives you the rundown of what is expected from the audience and then chit chats with a few people in the crowd and gets the laughs rolling before the taping. Stephen then comes out and takes questions from the audience (he is completely candid and out of character at this point). Stephen is an amazingly warm and funny guy who is as genuine as it gets, he's a real joy to see in person. The show is then taped and unless there's a huge mistake it's taped in the same timing and length as when the show actually airs later that night. After the show Stephen says a thing or two to the audience before saying goodnight and leaving the studio. And that's it, free tickets, a hugely funny show with a wonderful host, a great team of people working for him, and a nice clean studio. With the exception of the waiting room portion of the evening it was an ideal experience.
A must go to at least once! It's tedious leading up to the show with all the steps, but totally worth it! Tickets are free, and it's a great ticket at that, guaranteed.
Awesome experience! Got there at 3.30 and was first in line. It's tiring to stand for 3 or so hours, but totally worth it. Although I was first in line, about 20 people got in before me because of VIP tickets. About 10 or so of them were picked out from the line for being attractive, essentially. In case you were wondering, they pick hot people to sit in the front row, because the warm-up comedian's routine relies heavily on comparing his own bald self to the hot people in front. Don't feel bad if you're not selected to enter first; the studio is small and there are a lot of good seats. Front row seats actually had the whole view blocked during the interview portion and some people were sitting directly behind the cameras during the rest of the show, too.   Tip: the lining up area is covered, so sunscreen or umbrellas are not necessarily needed (unless you do stand-by, in which case you may be more exposed).
Disclaimer: I'm very biased because I love Stephen Colbert and I was sooooo excited to see the Colbert Report live! Getting tickets is tricky, but the best tip I can give you is to follow @DailyTix on Twitter.  They post a small number of tickets for a specific show and you have to be really quick because they sell out so fast.  Pay attention because this is for Daily Show and Colbert Report tickets.  If you are only in town for a couple of days like I was, you can enable mobile notifications so that you get a text message every time there's a tweet with tickets (ups your chances for getting the date you need). I don't want to repeat what everyone else has said but yes, you really should get there super early (3:30/4pm), but if you come with a friend you can take turns holding your place. Military service members and spouses: Colbert is a huge supporter and because of this we get the VIP treatment!  When I went I was first in line, however I would have been moved to the front of the line anyway for being a military spouse.  Right before we were let in to the studio a staff member listed the rules and then asked if anyone was military.  He checked my ID and gave me a VIP card, which allowed me to sit in the front row center seat!!!  I got to high-five Stephen Colbert thanks to my husband's service to our country! My husband came during Fleet Week and got an even better VIP treatment.  The staffer told him and his liberty buddy that they could go get a drink somewhere as long as they were back by 5:45pm and gave them the front row center seats.  Before the show they shook hands with Colbert and exchanged coins!!! This is a big deal in the military and luckily they remembered to bring coins because Colbert has his own and it is awesome!!!  They also received swag bags with a hat, t-shirt, and wrist bracelet...so jealous!  Anyways, the point is, if you are a service member bring your unit's coin and your ID.  If you are a military spouse, bring your ID. If you're in New York and love the Colbert Report you should definitely try to get tickets!  It is amazing to see him out of character and then watch as he switches to his persona when the show starts filming.
A friend invited me to the Colbert Report show, and I had a fantastic time!  The entire staff who work there are friendly, well-organized, not to mention funny!  Stephen Colbert is a charismatic guy off-screen as well as he is on TV.  I recommend the show to anyone who has never been!
If you watch the show on TV, you pretty much know what to expect to see at the taping. It's really the before-taping stuff that adds to the experience. You have to follow every little detail your e-mail confirmation has, and I recommend showing up as early as you can (as in, before 4.00). You'll be with friends, but I recommend bringing some books or anything else to help pass the time. It will all be worth it when they let you inside the studio...to wait some more. But then after that wait, you can actually go in and see where they tape the show. It's fantastic. Stephen is fantastic. I can't wait to go again.
It was a ton of fun and so worth the wait. The only drawback was the security and stuffed into that tiny room to wait.
One of my fave nights in NY. If you plan ahead and get tix- GO! Its hysterical. And he seriously does the whole episode straight without messing up!
Does anyone know the dress code? Are jeans allowed? Thanks
Stephen Colbert is an absolute joy to watch in person!! He's outgoing and very entertaining -- I highly recommend that real fans attend at least one studio performance to see how the show is produced and see what the set looks like.  That said, however, potential attendees should prepare for an uncomfortable pre-show experience.   Having VIP tickets, we arrived to lineup at 5:30 pm and thirty minutes later were herded into a sparse waiting room that soon became overcrowded.  We remained there for an hour before the studio doors opened and seating was available.  Having been the first people there, my family got great seats.   The opening comedian, who was there to warm-up the crowd, was disappointing.  Despite repeating that he knew viewers of the Colbert Report were among the smartest and most informed, he was crass and unhumorous.  His shtick was using stereotypes to insult attendees and wait for us to laugh -- it was unwitty, un-Colbert and plain not funny. Colbert came on afterward and answered 3 questions out of character before the show began (a little more interaction with the audience would have been nice).  The recording of the show went quickly but was fun to watch! As a huge fan, it was a worthwhile experience, but I think the overall handling of the audience could be greatly improved. Side note:  While the ticket states that you can't bring a camera, it seems that they were in fact allowed through security.  I was disappointed by this because I followed the rules and didn't bring mine.. but others were able to take any photos before the show =\
Saw the first show post-Emmy yesterday - lots of fun and amazing live musical act - Jackson Browne.
LOVE COLBERT!!  Evenso, waiting to get into the show was pretty tedious.  You kind of have to put yourself in a happy place to make it through the waiting and the crowding.  Nonetheless, watching Stephen in action made it all worthwhile.
This guy is incredible; I saw him on October 6th, 2011. I read over pretty much all of these reviews before going, and I thought I should include a few things that I  felt weren't clear from the earlier reviews. First of all: if you want good seats, you have to be early. I got there at 3:30 and there were already people sitting around outside the building. However, there was no line of any sort and no Colbert representatives were present; everyone was just sitting on the sidewalk in front of the studio. At about 3:45, an employee came outside and asked everyone to have their IDs ready. They never looked at the ticket confirmation we had to print out. When we went to show our IDs, it didn't matter who'd been waiting the longest (some people since 2:00!!). All that mattered was who was sitting closest to the gate and thus got in line to show their IDs first. After showing our IDs and getting checked off the guest list, we were put in line. I was 3rd in line; my +1 wasn't coming till 5:45. By 5:30 (about 2 hours later), we were being processed and moved into the building **ON HERE IT SAYS THIS HAPPENS AT 6PM** but it happened at 5:30, at least for those of us in the very front, and even though my +1 still wasn't there they held her ticket for her and gave it to her when she arrived so she could meet me inside. There is a metal detector and a bag search in the waiting room but it isn't intrusive or a big deal in any way. There is one screen playing old Colbert clips; definitely stand as close to this screen as possible, or there is no way you'll hear anything once the room fills up. We each had laminated tickets with our numbers on them (my roommate and I were #5 and #6). When they finally let us into the theater (I think around 7) they first called anyone with red tickets (military etc). Then they called for everyone who had these extra little laminated Colbert faces attached to their tickets (VIP tickets. You are comped one of these if you don't get into a show because it's overbooked and you live locally; then you can come see another show later with guaranteed admission with your VIP ticket). Lastly were the normal tickets, called in in numerical order. **THE NUMBER ON YOUR TICKET IS NOT A SEAT NUMBER**. It's true that the lower your number (1, 2, 3...) the better your seats will be, but having a single-digit number doesn't mean you'll be in the first or even second row. You walk in and are placed wherever they want you, and they *basically* fill up the theater from front to back. So, even though we were #5 and #6, we were in the third row all the way to stage left (the side where Stephen does the interview). **THE SMALLER YOUR GROUP, THE BETTER YOUR SEATS**. If my roommate and I split up, we could've sat separately and in an even better spot. Big groups (3, 4) get put towards the back. The studio is so small though; all of the seats are good. The cameras were definitely obstructing the view of some of the people in the front, but it was never a problem for us. The warm-up comedian was pretty decent. Better than waiting around; it was good to have some kind of entertainment. He told us about how we have to cheer and clap really loud etc. So that concludes the technical side of our experience. The reward, after all that waiting, was unimaginable. Stephen is a true genius, comically and intellectually. His out-of-character Q & A session before the show was hilarious; he talked to us out of character several times during the show, showing us his Lord of the Rings sword from Peter Jackson and making fun of himself for messing up a line about Sarah Palin over and over. Never did we have to force a laugh; if we had to reshoot a scene, and the jokes were no longer new, Stephen would get us to laugh on his own. He is a superstar. Suddenly we forgot all the waiting and we were lost in his performance. There should be no debate whatsoever over whether or not you should see this show. You absolutely will not be disappointed, especially if you are a true fan. Just bring some work or reading or music with you and the wait is totally bearable. This experience was nothing short of surreal. My one regret is that I have to wait 6 months before I can see it again. Amazing.
If you ever get lucky enough to snag tickets to a Colbert Report taping, do it!  Stephen Tyrone Colbert is a hilarious person, both on TV and in real life.  They are very strict about no pictures though.
Colbert was the coolest guy ever. Watching the taping you could tell that everyone on the show has a great time. If you get a chance to see one try to make it.
I still wear the "Wrist Strong" bracelet I caught that day!! Of course you have to wait! It's free!! It can be too cold, it can be too hot, you can be hungry in line or annoyed with the over-the-top enthusiasm of the staff directing you, but in the end, if you care about stuff like that then you shouldn't go!! I think you should be thanking your lucky stars the whole time you are there!! You get to see the studio, ask SC questions ("out of character"), and see all the behind the scenes stuff you only imagine (my favorite was watching Stephen watch the reporter's story, when all you see on TV is the story) I would do it again any chance I get.
Another awesome show.  He is a super nice guy in person.
Saw Al Gore - what more can I say? Great time and a lot of good laughs. I was also VIP so that helped. We had chairs but the rest of the crowd had to stand for almost an hour before the show started. Have a drink or something to eat because you cannot once you enter the studio. Enjoy.
What an awesome experience. My friend scored three tickets for the Colbert Report months in advance of the actual taping we went to. We had tickets so we did not have to wait on the standby line which looked awful. People said they were waiting since 3 or 4 o'clock. We got there around 5:30 and got on line. We hung in pre-recording room for about 45 minutes until they let us in. Which was quite annoying but it was worth the wait. We finally took our seats and the magic began. Colbert is out of character when he does Q & A with the crowd which is pretty awesome. The show began and like always the show was hysterical. It could prove hard to score tickets so if you're unable to I'd say give the standby option a try but get there early and be prepared to wait.
Quite close to the Daily Show in the far reaches of HK, they graciously popped us under the long awning during a light drizzle once we arrived. Par for the course, you're met with vociferous security (including a MJ-leaning Tiger Woods replica) and contagiously energetic staff (including Amanda Bynes & Anna Faris' baby). Decor-wise, check out the graffiti on the wall as you approach the entrance from under the awning. The set, once you pass through the Colbert-clip-filled wait period, is effin' sweet in a not-gimmicky-but-instead-quite-awesome kinda way. The warmup comic dealt well with an uncomfortable audience, and the show itself moved quickly but hilariously, even if we were catacornered and right in one of the spotlights. Oh, and the soundtrack is top-notch.
The comments made by everyone else about Colbert and attending the show are indeed true.  I wanted to add some comments about my experience as a standby person, since I didn't see too many details from other people who were in standby. We were only in NYC for 1 weekday, which made it hard to get tickets for a specific taping.  As a result, we kind of knew we would have to go standby to have a chance to get into the show. We went to 513 West 54th Street on Monday, Nov 5th, the night before the election.  In order to maximize our chances, we decided to show up extra early at 3:20 PM.  We were first in the standby line.  By 4:00 PM, however, there were a good 15 people behind us.  (There were probably about 5 people in the confirmed line when we arrived at 3:20 PM). Based off of what others have said (and what is listed on colbertnation.com/tickets), staffers will start giving out numbers to people with confirmed reservations at 4pm. There were 2 staffers who came out at 4 PM.  One of them handled the confirmed line, and the other the standby line.  For standbys, the person asked for a government-issued ID and took my name and entered the information into an iPad.  Your place in line determines your chances of getting into the show. Once you do this, you're free to do whatever you want until 6 PM.  This was quite nice, because it was very cold that afternoon.  We headed to one of the local bars to have a beer.  I believe the confirmed people have to remain in line. We came back around 5:45 PM to find out about our fate.  Confirmed reservation holders must show up by 6:00 PM; otherwise, any remaining seats are given to standbys.   There were a lot of late stragglers, so we were nervous, but right at 6:00 PM, my friend and I receive the coveted blue plastic cards giving us a seat into the show.  I believe another 12 people or so in the standby line also got in. One small thing was that my friend and I were not able to sit together.  Obviously getting a seat - any seat - was my biggest priority, so this was merely a small detail. What they do is seat all confirmed parties together and then keep single seats throughout the audience seats.  My friend ended up getting #9 and sat in the 2nd row, but I got #54, sitting in the middle of the audience.  There really aren't any bad seats in the show, however. The total time we "spent at the show" was about 5 hours, from getting into the standby line at 3:15 to leaving the studio at 8:15.  It was definitely worth the time - and don't forget tickets are free! If you happen to be in New York City for only a few days and weren't able to get a confirmed ticket, definitely try the standby line.  If you arrive fairly early - say before 3:30 PM, your chances of getting into the show are excellent.
What an amazing experience. I traveled to NYC from Boston to be in the audience for The Colbert Report's tribute to veterans. It was such a great experience. Stephen is such a class act. He gave us beer and hot dogs, a pint of his Ben and Jerry's ice cream, and even though we wrapped at 9 and the show had to get on the air in less than 2 hours, he still took the time to take pictures with us. Everyone on staff was great too. The whole thing was just fantastic.
Great experience. Long wait on the line but worth it. The taping of the show was cool, I sat in the back row but that's not a bad place to sit at all.  The studio was smaller than I expected but cool. The best part?  Q&A with Colbert.  Such an awesome guy!
What can I say that hasn't already been said? If you live in NYC, you MUST go see the Colbert Report. Steven was amazingly funny, and I can't wait to go back again!
I will preface this review by saying that I much prefer the Daily Show to the Colbert Report on TV.  I think Colbert can be an asshole and that sometimes his character gets out of hand and obnoxious and surpasses funny and verges on unpleasant.  That being said, a taping of the Colbert Report is infinitely more fun than a taping of the Daily Show.  Here is my comparative breakdown (C=Colbert; J=Jon): Audience Size: C is about 1/3 of J, which makes for a more intimate experience. Entertainment factor: C is incredibly kind when he's out of character and it is very funny to watch him morph into Colbert Report Stephen.  He is more interactive with the audience.  Watching J live is essentially like watching him on TV.  He does not feed off the audience in the same way. Interns: C's interns pump you up and make you want to jump around and scream and laugh really loudly.  J's make you want to drag your feet and roll your eyes.   Lining up: I arrived for C at 4:45 for a 5:30 admission.  There was no question about being able to get in.  It was a peace of cake.  I arrived for J at 3:15 for a 4:30 admission.  I was one of the last groups to get admitted. However, J's team gave us tickets in line-order and let us leave the line to warm up.  C's let us freeze. Warm-up Comedian: C's was hilarious.  J's was awful.  I hope I never have to see him again. Security: C's security guy gave us VIP tix and we got to sit up front (not sure why, maybe we batted our eyelashes enough?) Pre-show Q&A: C answered all questions kindly and out of character.  J was kind of an asshole to the audience and wasn't very funny at answering questions.  To his credit, the questions were really dumb. On TV, I give Colbert a 3 and Jon a 5.  Live taping experience, though, I give Colbert a 5 and Jon a 3.
Let me start by saying that the Colbert Report is one of the best shows on TV, hands down.  But I think all the other reviews here say that very well. Just returned from New York where I saw the Cobert Report and Daily Show on consecutive days (more on that one later)  Both were awesome.   I went on line and "reserved" tickets in advance.  Since we don't live near NYC, we planned a trip to New York just to see the shows. Got to the studio around 3:00PM.  This was too early (but - see above).  Most people arrived between 4:30 and 5:00. An intern checks names and you can hold a place for others in your group until 6:00. The doors opened at 6:00.  We were given a blue card with a number. (however some got both a blue AND white card). then went thru security which was a routine metal detector, plus, for anyone with a purse, bag, etc, a  "bag check".  This was done by a guy who searched bags with the intensity of Yogi Bear in a picnic basket (he even looked a little like Yogi).  It was a bit freaky. After security, you stand in a small (50x50) room for up to another hour.  There are Colbert reruns playing, but 100+ people are talking and you can't hear anything.   After an hour (at 7:00) they let us in.........in the following order.......1) red cards which are the "VIP's"  2) anyone with a white card 3) blue crads in numerical order.  So, if you have a blue card, the studio is about one third filled by the time you get in.  The white cards determine who gets to sit in the front row and it appears they to manage to a demographic profile. In any case, there are really no bad seats. The first 6 rows can get blocked by cameras, so if you want to have an unobstructed view, come in a little later and get seated toward the back.   There's a warm up comedian who was OK.  Stephen comes out - out of character and banters with audience, which was cool.  Another nice touch - he had an author as a guest and everyone got a copy of her book.  Overall a great experience, but be prepared for a long wait.  I'd give the process 2 stars.  The show gets 6
Beautiful dark alleyway. Highly recommend it.
Colbert Super Pac!!!
I love this show. Its so cool that the day you go watch the show, you see that show that night. It is super easy to get tickets, when you go online you can reserve up to four tickets. Although you can only do this once every 6 months. Stephen is funny as heck. Even he screws up, he makes sure everyone is still entertained. Also they someone shoot the charity bands out to the audience. I didn't get one but I thinks that is super cool.
Wonderful experience. I literally got tickets the day before online. I got there around 4:30 but there really wasn't much a need for that. Even at 6, when they let you inside there was enough space for standbys. The staff and crew handling us we're really courteous and enthusiastic. Stephen was awesome, so funny and energetic. I can't imagine after doing this for so long that he would still be so nice. The comic before him was also really funny. A pretty entertaining evening for $0.00.
You cannot beat the Colbert Report. Trust me on this one. If you get the chance GO! He did a Q&A session like the others described.  In case it hasn't been said enough, the charisma with this guy is reaching absurd levels. He is both funny and down to earth. Caveats: You will need to be there sometime between 4 and 5 to get a good place. Expect to wait. It's worth it though. Come prepared, you will be sitting there for a while. It's all a part of the experience. Listen to the rules set by the staff; they are in place for a reason. Other than that, DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS!
One of the best shows of our time. Enough said.
i think all the other yelpers covered the bases in terms of the colbert's charisma, the timeframe and Q&A and overall fantastic free experience this is. i got to see colbert sing opera with placido domingo.  amazing!!! a shout out goes to the warm up guy.  he definitely had me cracking up as well.
One time I was a live studio audience member on the Stephen Colbert show!  The early arrival After the show, we learned he was suffering from a bad cold.  Based on his performance, we didn't even notice!  He gives 100% even on his worst days. I hope to see him again on a good day.  His personality and quick wit are unstoppable.
Wow, what can I say? I'd go there everyday if I can find the tickets!  Colbert is simply brilliant and his comedy improv is truly amazing!   I look forward to another opportunity to see his performance!
Great show, line sucked.  I would pick this over any broadway show.  Steven comes out and talks with the audience and looks as if he truely enjoys it.
The Daily Show does it sooooo much better. We got to the Colbert Report around 4 pm to make sure we got tickets. They didn't let us into the building until 5:30 and then they smashed all of us into a tiny room for another hour. Plus it was February so it was fucking freezing outside and they had the heat cranked on the inside. So we've been standing around for about 2.5 hours when some intern who was way too excited started telling us that no matter if we thinks the show is funny or not, that we have to laugh. We heard that speech from about 3 or 4 people. So after asking about 100 pissed off people if we were excited we had to wait around for about another 30 minutes. The opening comic was ok. The show was funny but not worth all the busllshit before it. We will definitely not be going back.
Great amazing show!  Such a funny and witty (egomaniac??) guy!  :)  The experience itself from start to finish is what you would expect... waiting in line to obtain a number, then waiting in line some more to get in, then waiting in line for the doors to open, waiting, waiting, waiting... but since they give out numbers on a first come first served basis which depends on the seating you receive once inside, it's absolutely worth it to get there as early as possible.  Just be prepared to wait.  :)  The show itself - awesome!  Awesome, awesome, awesome!  Colbert and his staff are super funny and high energy, all in all ensuring a good time for everyone!  We definitely had a blast.  Plus they play great music during the breaks/commercials.  Highly recommend!
This is not a review of "The Colbert Report" which I am a huge fan of (and five stars is not enough to describe how much I love this show).  This is a review of their studio:                Everyone who works there is very friendly and clearly wants to make sure you enjoy the experience.  However the holding room is too small and we are packing in there with only one bathroom for males and one for females.  While waiting in the holding room you get to watch clips from the show which is awesome.  However as more ppl enter the room they continuously raise the volume.  While I enjoy having Stephen yell at me (like any other true member of the Colbertnation) I also enjoy not having my hearing damaged.             After everyone is inside and you are sufficiently miserable from being smushed inside the holding room and are losing the concept of personal space, they allow you to enter the studio.  The studio is smaller than expected but quite comfortable (the temperature, the seats, and the spacing of fellow audience members around you).  There are instructions as well as a warm-up comic before Colbert comes out.  The comic (while no Colbert) was quite entertaining and did a good job at getting the crowd riled up (though we already were quite excited at the prospect of meeting Stephen).                 Finally, Colbert comes out and interacts with the audience members which was great.  Then the show begins which as usual is just indescribably amazing.  In between shooting you get to watch Stephen interact with the crew.  He seems like a great boss and everyone really seems to enjoy working on the show (made me kinda jealous and wished I worked for him).  The experience was incredible and a must for any true Colbert fan.  Unfortunately,  you can only go once every six months.              Protip: if you are a member of the armed forces or a former member (US and allied) then mention it to the security team (and have your ID), they take special care of their own (i.e. my friends and I were seated first).  Thanks again, nice to feel the appreciation.
Today I saw Colbert Report which was an amazing experience! Yes, I spent most of my time waiting in line but it was so worth it. I got there at 3:15 PM and was 5th place in line. You wait outside until 4 PM and then they have you wait under the blue awning  until 6 PM. It really went by fast for me due to I sat on the floor most of the time and was reading a book. I definitely recommend a book for the wait! Your party must be there by 5:45 PM and then at 6 PM you are given your tickets and brought inside to another waiting room that you must pass metal detectors to enter. BTW if you are and or in the past served military service you and your party automatically get VIP which is amazing of Stephen! That waiting area has bathrooms and bench seating and the bench seating isn't enough for everyone and in there you definitely need a seat. At 7 PM they let you into the studio (all phones must be off) with a nice pen present from Stephen and a comedian pumps up the crowd and is hysterical! Stephen comes out for a Q&A out of character and after a while the taping begins. I CAUGHT ONE OF THE WRISTBANDS STEPHEN FLICKED INTO THE AUDIENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Taping is quick but sometimes runs late if he has to redo some things. The guest was Hugh Laurie who was awesome and sweet and made it double as amazing! The experience was worth every hour I waited and I will never ever forget it.
I love The Colbert Report, so I was pretty excited to go for the first time recently.  I was worried that I had placed Colbert on too high a pedestal and that the taping might ruin my impression of him and the show....well, if anything I am a bigger fan now.   I had a great experience attending The Colbert Report.  They really have taken the time to ensure that the experience is fun, fair, and though there is a lot of waiting, it is clear that a lot of thought has been put into making it as painless as possible.   I arrived around 4:30, and the tickets were in my name, so I checked in and ended up being about number 20 or so in line.  Even though it was a cold winter day, the line was formed in a covered alley between two buildings and so there was basically no wind which helped us stay a little warmer (it was not raining, but I imagine the rain would not have been much of a problem with the covering anyway).  One member of our party was not present when the tickets were being handed out (around 5:30) and they readily offered to hold his ticket until 6pm.   At 6pm we were brought in; the security check is thorough.  We waited in this holding room (standing) for about an hour.  There are two bathrooms and a few things to keep you amused (you can take a picture with a picture of Stephen or watch highlights from the show on TVs) while you wait.  They call you in based on what type of ticket you have, and then by number.  There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the theater.   There was a very good stand-up comedian to start, and then Stephen came out for the Q&A.  Stephen seemed so genuine and happy -- the level of enthusiasm he shows is really uplifting.  He joked, and laughed, and was really entertaining -- you wouldn't think that he did this show 4 times a week.   Many other shows/hosts don't provide much interaction with the audience (or give away anything) because the tickets are free.  In addition to the Q&A and witty banter during the commerical breaks, Colbert gave everyone in the audience cards to use to donate $10 to the donorschoose.org project of our choice and also threw wristbands into the crowd.  It may sound cheesy, but those little things really make the experience extra memorable and special.   The episode we saw was FANTASTIC, but even if it hadn't been one of the best, I would still be very happy to have waited in line to watch the taping.  If you are a fan of the show, definitely go for a great time.
Went last night. Had a blast. Stephen is great. We got to see Ben Folds Five perform 3 sons and Stephen sang along on one of them. Wear comfortable shoes and clothing because you will be waiting around for a while, but it is definitely worth it. It was a perfect end to our 3 night getaway.
I recommend you read this guy's review (yelp.com/biz/colbert-rep…) because it's spot-on. The only thing I would add is that, like The Daily Show, not everyone in your party has to be there to get in line. I turned up at 4.15pm (#14) and they took my g/f's name and she joined me (#15) half an hour later. Colbert is awesome. It's wonderful seeing him out-of-character and amazing how he can switch between the idiot "Stephen Colbert" character and the professional Stephen Colbert to manage the production of the show.
Stephen Colbert is a lovely, lovely man. If you're a fan of the show, you gotta come see it live! The man is an amazing performer. His energy is boundless, and from the moment he steps out in front of the audience -- in or out of character -- he is ON. The man put on a great show for us, and just seeing him in person made the looong, rainy wait in line and then the looooong wait in the holding room worth it all. Oh, got in line around 4pm and was 23rd. Got great seats, too. :) Definitely coming back!
Pilgrimage complete after visiting Colbert.  You need to line up pretty early.  We were there at 4:30ish and waited quite a long time.  We got #40 in line, but it was after VIP and other "special" guests.  So in the end we are in the last 1/3 of the crowd.  So I won't recommend going too late, even though it means waiting in line for 3 hours or so before the show.  Once you get in they show funny clips from the show's past, and a very good comedian.  Get your question for the real ColBerT ready.  I should have asked him if we would have left the undying lands if he he was house of Noldor.  I only thought of it afterwards.  Enjoy this show.
stephen colbert "completes" me... anyhoo, this is the short of what to expect for you virgin ticket-holders. [please note that FAQs follow.] THE WAIT - anytime before 545 pmish 1.  arrive as early as you can (i got there at 430 pm). 2.  check in with the staffer/intern at the front of the line: present your "confirmation" letter and government issued i.d.; each member in your group MUST check in, or else! 3.  wait in the alley-way line...and hopefully not behind a couple making out because they couldn't afford a room. 4.  eventually a staffer hands you a blue ticket with a number because it is first come, first served (i was #44 on my day). [note - unless you are a VIP in which case you'll get a red card; seemingly "fun" people get a small red card with a picture of mr. colbert.] 5.  20 minutes before you enter security, the security dude explains - once - to the waiting line what to expect. [be patient, his accent can be thick at times.] ENTRANCE - sometime after 545 pmish and before 645pmish 6.  they allowed our line to enter the buildling around 545 pmish; you'll enter in groups of up to 4 people; the intern forwards the small groups to the security door. 7.  you go through their security leaving coats on, but any metal objects go into a SUPER SMALL plastic basket.  bags get hand checked.  [there are ziploc bags and a safe, to your immediate right , should you have any contraband.] 8.  there is one (1) male and one (1) female bathroom; guess which one has the LONG line.  you are NOT allowed to leave the studio once you enter, so tinkle before the doors open. 9.  there's also a photo cut-out of stephen on the wall opposite the metal detector.  you ARE ALLOWED to take pictures in the waiting room, so knock yourself out! 10.  next to that is a photo of one of the infamous portrait of portraits...good times. 11.  there is a television that loops old shows to the left of the entrance to the studio; this helps to kill time and remind you just how lucky you are to be within minutes of pure genius! 12. at several points of the 1 hour-ish wait in the waiting room, staffers come out to get you jazzed.  they're pretty much glorified, possibly unpaid cheerleaders. a.  "stephen THRIVES on your energy!" b.  "you make the show so be loud!" c.  "blah, blah, blah!" d.  "stephen is rehearsing now, so let him know that you're here!" [there is also a water dispenser and cups for those of you who need to take your meds.] ENTRY TO THE STUDIO sometime after 645 pmish 13. when the doors open, one of the "in charge" staffers briefs the group on the entrance hierarchy: a.  red cards with colbert's face enters first   b.  red VIP cards next c.  blue cards in numerical order 14.  the staffer calls out the numbers, you hand her the card and enter the studio. 15.  another staffer "sorts" you.  he sends you to yet another staffer who seats you according to how many people are in your party.  [like tetris or a puzzle.] 16.  more briefings from the staff. a.  warm-up guy b.  then stephen c.  stage manager - when i wave the script around, make a LOT of noise! 17.  warm-up guy "warms" up the group 18.  mr. colbert comes out for the Q & A SHOWTIME!!! the TAPING - sometime around 715 pmish this ran until just shy of 8 pm. colbert thanks the crowd and exits the building. the audience then leaves. FAQs: 1.  can i bring a bag or purse?   a.  yes.  you are NOT permitted to bring weapons and/or security threats into the studio.  if you have them, they will put it in a safe for you. 2.  is there a food concession for the studio? a.  no.  there are several places in the area though.  especially for the coffee people. 3.  can i use the bathroom while waiting in the alley-way line? a.  i don't know about this part or policy. 4.  is there a souvenir shop? a.  not in the studio so you are SOL. 5.  can i take pictures? a.  you are welcome to take pictures outside of the buildling and in the waiting room.  you ARE NOT able to take them in the studio.  in fact, two security dudes watch the studio audience at all times.  if they see you snapping away, you'll go to the principal's office. enjoy the show!
This was the best show I have seen, the amount of enthusiasm that Steve brought to the  show was incredible, I can't believe he does it four nights a week. I expected there to be some dull moments but to my surprise there were none. The entire taping was highly entertaining and hilarious. Yes the long line can be a bit brutal on the legs but it was definitely worth it.
Regardless of what u think of the show, the studio and it's staff are THE WORST NEIGHBORS!  ppl that live and work in the area hate them because the audience members loiter on the sidewalk and block ppl trying to get by. The loser interns with the clipboards and headsets that think they are the shit do nothing to tell the ppl to keep a clear path. Even nightclubs are more considerate and tell ppl to stand against the building and leave a clear path for ppl to get by. Also the ppl that own the studio (NEP studio) act like they own the parking spaces in front of the bldg by breaking the glass of ppl that try to park there, file filming permits to reserve spots even tho no filing is happening, and park a motorcycle in an entire car space "hold" a spot.
By far one of the coolest things I have ever done. Do this NOW.
It was fantastic seeing Colbert live, he is very entertaining, witty and friendly, I really enjoyed the show. Kenny Rogers was the guest on the episode (Oct 3rd, 2012), not somebody I have any interest in, but the interview was funny. I got there very early to wait in line (at about 3.45pm), and there were some people already lining up. I ended up getting the 8th ticket, and from about 4pm onwards, the line grew very quickly. There is an alleyway (that is undercover) where you line up before the Colbert staff come along the queue and check you in (you will need I.D. and your ticket confirmation email print-out). The alley that you wait in is pretty unpleasant and uncomfortable (there is nowhere to sit down), I wish the process of waiting for tickets was different (or some kind of seating would make things far more comfortable). After waiting in the alleyway, you will be issued tickets and then you will need to go through security. Your bag will be searched very thoroughly and you'll need to remove your belt and empty your pockets (etc) and go through a metal detector while your bag is being searched. The security guy won't just glance in your bag, he will go through it (wearing gloves), he even checked the inside of my wallet. After you go through security, you will be in the small waiting room for quite a while. The room will gradually get very full too, so you will be packed in the room with no seating for quite some time. There are old Colbert clips playing on a TV on the wall though, so that helps with the long wait. As mentioned, the people with VIP tickets will be seated before you. I ended up with a great view of Colbert at his desk, but during the interview with Kenny Rogers, the camera boom did block my view, but I was able to watch from one of the televisions above. I would highly recommend getting a ticket to Colbert's show, he is a fantastic entertainer, but be prepared for a very lengthy and uncomfortable wait.
Got there at 3:45 and was 7th in line.  The staff were incredibly friendly, helpful, and professional.  The long wait was totally worth it.  Would do it over again in a heartbeat.  Best production I have ever seen.
Stephen Colbert is AMAZING! He did his whole show with one little redo! The man is a genius and so witty!! How he can stay in character throughout the show is AMAZING!!
Checking randomly one Sunday night, I saw there were tickets left for that Tuesday, so I snapped one up. Things unfolded pretty much the way the other reviewers describe below. Very hot June afternoon, but there is a covered area where guests can wait on line. I arrived at 5pm, and about half the ticket-holding audience seemed to have arrived by that point. Definitely bring a book if you go on your own or are waiting for someone. Audience is about 50% local 20s hipsters and 50% people who may have come from further afield. Anyway, the show is a treat. Clearly Colbert is a clearly a nice guy and he was generous enough to do a Q and A before AND after the show. Apparently we made a lot of noise and were a "good audience" during the show (which they like). At first I thought the praise was show-biz boilerplate, but on the way home I met an engineer from the show who said that we really were a good audience. Alexandra Pelosi was a guest that evening.
i would give him a happy ending
So awesome! You have to go. I wanted to add a couple notes/pointers...the timing may be a little different in summer with tourists, etc. but I got there at 4pm and was #28 in line. However, I think everyone in line did get in because they said two interns filled in for people in the audience. We went into the actual studio around 645 and Colbert didn't come out until around 8 and it ended at 8:45.
