Best comedy club in the world. Hands down. My number 1 date spot as well. Soooooo much value for your money (sooo inexpensive). Very famous comedians make surprise experiences all the time- I would say once every three times I go a superstar shows up.
Best booked club in the city. Period.
awesome!!! don't miss it!
Great show! We went here to catch the eight o'clock show, but had not preordered tickets. The friendley bartender told us to stand in line and wait to see if anyone didn't show up when the show started. Luckily we got in. Five comedians pluss some lines by the host gave a great variety and it was allvery good. It is an two drink minimum, as it usually is, but I gave four stars instead of five because of the waiting time to get our drinks.
I went there with a couple of my friends on a Wednesday night and I could not believe the big name comedians that got on stage. One right after another!! They were all so hilarious that we stayed for the second show, which is pretty much free when if you go to the first show. After leaving at 2 am, I finally realized  why New York is so awesome. I can't wait to bring everybody I know there. Best $10 + 2 drinks that I have ever spent.
Went to the Cellar on 4/16 for the 8 p.m. show. Best money I ever spent! Each comic killed in their own way (Ryan Hamilton, Michael Che, Tom Papa, Judah Friedlander, Godfrey). Had the table right in front of the stage and it was just amazing to be so up close to the comics. Had some playful back and forths with Tom Papa and Judah Friedlander. There was also a surprise set by Jim Norton, who was not scheduled for the night. I had seen Jimmy at Caroline's on 4/14 as a headliner and as always, he was in his best form. The crowd at the Cellar seemed a little too uptight for his kind of comedy and he definately let it be known. However, I enjoyed his performance regardless as I'm a big fan of his. The crowd was great for the most part and no heckling took place (except some drunk chick in the back seating area going back and forth with Judah about why other nations hate America during his act). Per Judah, it's cause we have American cheese, the greatest kind of cheese! The waiting staff was great and drinks/food are very reasonably priced. All in all, you MUST experience a night at the Comedy Cellar, no question!
I would give negative stars if i could. Worst management I have ever experienced. They lost my reservation after I came in from the west coast. Nobody would give me the time of day to understand how they lost my reservation. The entrance is entirely chaotic. Find another comedy club.
This is a must go place if you love comedy!! We got into a 9:00pm show.  We got one of the best seating because we had the reservation and we got there at 8:30pm.  The receptionist was kind enough to ask whether we want to sit in the first row.  We kindly declined (and very glad we did! :-)) We ended up got to see the familar faces on TV.  The most noteable one for me is Tom Papa from Marriage Ref.  He is just soooo funny!  A great person to see live. The show Marriage Ref just didn't do him enough justice as a comedian.  The other comedians on our show were Todd Berry, Ted Alexandro and Judah Friedlander.  They are all very very funny; we laugh our ass off the whole time. As a side note, Greene Village where this club is located seems like a very nice place to hang out as well.  I'm really glad we ventured out to this part of NYC and got a taste of a great local comedy scene instead of just the usual tourist traps.
It does not get any better than this in NYC in terms of comedy!  I have been to this place at least 30 times in my life and have no intention to stop going.  The place is small, and you often end up sitting shoulder to shoulder with someone because they try to pack it in as much as possible, but by the end of the night you will know why it is so popular!  The comedian lineup here is more funny on their off-night than just about every other comedy club in NYC on their best.  They serve drinks and food from the adjacent cafe (same owner).  Reservations are accepted up to just a few hours before the show, though you may have trouble getting seated if you don't make reservations ahead of time on Saturdays.  Also, the cover charge drops on weekdays, and they offer coupons for free cover Mon-Thu online, so if you want to check it out during the week it will cost a lot less for a show that does not compromise in quality.  I highly recommend this place as the best comedy club in NYC!!!
It's a legendary institution in its own right and I've never had a dull night here. The talent is excellent, the service is good, and there's always an great surprise guest. I love coming here with friends and family. It's also a great spot for a second or third date.
I recently had my first visit to Comedy Cellar and will definitely be back! For a $14 cover (this was a Sunday night), you get about two hours of solid entertainment. I'm not the type to really watch stand-up comedy on tv (and didn't even think I'd like seeing it onstage), but I truly loved 3 of the 5 acts we saw (one was the well-known Aziz Ansari). Another 1 was decent and  1 was just bad - that is superb from a stand-up comedy perspective. Tons of laughter and none of it forced (and I do not laugh on queue!). The downfall is there is a 2 item minimum (food/beverage). We tried to get away with the over-priced soda (like $5-6) and it was disgustingly watered-down. Next round we attempted the cocktails - absolutely revolting. I guess they keep their menu items low-quality to keep margins higher, but I'm not going to take off another star since overall its still worth it just to see the show. Buy your tickets ahead of time.
I've been to this club a bunch of times over the last two years. The only con is that it's kind of a hassle to get in on weekends because of the way they handle the line, and don't expect to get in even with a reservation unless you get there early.  Otherwise, this would be 5 stars.  I go to other comedy clubs and have to say that you get a much better line up at this place. All of the acts are solid. One regular comic that I've seen who deserves some kudos is Veronica Mosey. I admit I usually hate female comics (sorry but its true) but here's a chick who not only looks hot, but is hilarious and gets the whole place roaring. She was the reason my friends and I decided to go this weekend and, again, she didn't disappoint. I asked the waitress and she said she's there two or three times a week.  If you go, go some night she's there. I also like Nick Griffin and know he's there pretty often as well. Great club overall.
The best comedy club in New York and possibly the world. I guess the rating can't be a five since it has an okay bar and food but why are you thinking about that stuff at the Comedy Cellar?
Took out-of-town family here for a visit to NYC. This was truly a highlight of the entire trip. We made reservations ahead of time (strongly encouraged), and we had such a great lineup, including Colin Quinn and Tom Papa. At one point, my boyfriend's dad was called out by the MC as looking like the Dos Equis "Most Interesting Man in the World." We have not forgotten this, and that is essentially his new moniker for life now. :) (Beware - the MC will call out folks he sees in the audience that catch his eye! So make sure you have a sense of humor and thick skin too.) Huge value and huge laughs. Have fun!
This is my go-to place to bring out of town friends. It's unique, it's different, and for anywhere from $14-20 cover depending on the night of the week (and a 2 drink/item minimum), you can swing 2 solid hours of laughs. I have to admit the lineups are pretty hit or miss. The first time I brought people here, Aziz Ansari made a surprise appearance which was (in his words) DOPEEEEE. The whole lineup was spot on. The next time I brought a friend, the lineup was just....horrendous. None of the comedians were funny, and the host seemed to be half-assedly phoning it in that night. Despite my mediocre return experience, I'm bringing another group of out of town friends next weekend, so here's to hoping we see Aziz again!
Had a great time here.  I had seen this place on Louie and heard of it before in comedy circles, so I figure I better check it out while I was in NYC.  It was a good decision.   I would highly recommend making reservations as it appears they fill up quick.  As others have said, I thought it was a really good value - especially the early shows during the week. I sat right next to the stage - almost on it.  Aziz Ansari showed up - I think the posted lineups are more of a best guess, I think less than half of the lineup actually performed - I didn't care, all the comedians were great.
Love their comedians, and their food. The jokes aren't always original and I have seen one guy who repeated jokes, but they're still funny so it's all good. Drinks are very good  and their french fries are to die for. A very good start of a night out with friends or a great end.
This place has become hit or miss for great comedy.  I have been there twice this year and 75% of the comedians were doing material on the same tired joke topics.  There were some bright spots, but most of the night we were pretty bored.
I attempted, to send this comment directly to the owners, when they sent the automated feedback form to my email, but it bounced back to me, because obviously they don't actually check it.  This was my second visit here.  I love ALMOST everything about this place...except for some of the staff....my original letter follows below... We had a great time last night. The comedians were excellent and we really enjoyed ourselves.  It was my second visit and a highlight of my last trip to NYC and also one of the things that I was most looking forward to. My only complaint has to do with one of your doormen/ID checkers. His condescending and holier than thou attitude really put a had taste in my mouth.  We were the first ones to arrive to line up and he scolded my girlfriend for taking two steps forward after he checked her ID then explaining how the exit and entrances of the club worked, as if he was describing it to a two year old.  I'm sure that your doormen deal with idiots on a nightly basis, but maybe they could save that kind of stuff for people who are causing trouble, being drunk and stupid, etc.  That wasn't us. We were just there to have a great time, on my recommendation.  I'll visit again, but I don't know why your guy took the attitude that he did. It wasn't the guy watching the entrance, it was the guy going through the line who was on his power trip.
There's a reason this place is such a destination for visitors - you know you are going to have a great time in an authentic club with history.  We had a great night here with lots of laughs (though my wife found the humor to be a bit crass, she was still laughing with the rest of us).
The best time I had in NYC was at the Comedy Cellar!! Everyone is so warm and welcoming. Great service. Not to mention the most amazing comics walking around the bar. If you want to have a great night and laugh until you cry this is the spot.
My favorite comedy spot in NYC. I have been here more times than I can count and have never seen a bad show. From weekdays to weekends the comedians deliver. Ardie is one of my favorite MC's. On a midweek visit a few months back Chris Rock randomly showed up to do a set. I love the old location but also liked the new location as well. This is the place we go, and will continue to go, to get our comedy fix.
Greatest comedy ever! Last time I was here me and my girlfriend were seated right in front and I got joked on the whole night by the comedians. I laughed so hard that I had tears lmao
Great funny spot.  Went on a Friday night and glad we made reservations because the place was sold out.  Saw a good variety of comics and the MC was pretty funny herself. It was recommended to us by a friend of a friend who is a comic that's played in a variety of clubs and has had a Comedy Central special.  We aren't comedy club connesuers so we weren't looking for a hit-or-miss type place.  This guy recommended this hands down as a place to always see quality comedy and he was right. They have a 2 item minimum, but that could be anything from food to alcohol, to sodas.  The prices are pretty cheap so they're not trying to gouge you.
The classic comedy club. This review is from last year, but I doubt much has changed. We already had a great lineup going into it, and the who of all people make a surprise visit? Dave Chappelle! He did almost a whole hour it seemed. It was so spectacular, definitely got our moneys worth and just by luck happened to pick the right night to go! I had heard that occasionally surprise guests like that will show up, so it was really great to see. 2 drink minimum. As others have noted, venue rules are strict and kinda treat you like children. The manager at the front door was a bit rude when we tried to ask him where we line up. Overall though, great vibe, intimate setting, and great experience.
was a super good night. for 70$ we had beers and shots which lasted the 3 hours we were there for the main talent. Most of which was really good. I am 99% sure that the shots were not JD as asked for, but thats ok i guess, next time i will just bring a flask. So much talent there, and the host is great. Of the main headliners only the lead off bombed... i can not say how good i thought the host was. very good times. enjoy!
All you need to know about Comedy Cellar: 1. Only comedy club worth going to 2. Best show is the 2nd to last on Fri and Sat night 3. The online reservation is completely bogus, it is first come first serve 4. Ridiculous rule about no more than 4 people in a group 5. Even more ridiculous cover 6. People working the door don't really know how to do their jobs 7. Out of the 5 comics you will see per show, only 3 of them will be funny. Two are always just average or piss poor. 8. Occasionally famous or semi-famous comics will be there. I saw Juda Freelander from 30 Rock one night, he was hilarious. 9. Overall worth it, and you will laugh a LOT. have fun.
I was not disappointed. I have been looking forward to visiting The Comedy Cellar for years, and my visit could not have been better. The entertainment was top-notch and star studded (in the comedy world). Colin Quinn, Jim Norton, Gary Gulman, Hannibal Burress, and Ryan Hamilton all in one show...on a Monday night none-the-less! The refreshments were nice as well. The prices weren't over the top, even though technically they could stick it to you if they wanted. I mean they have you there for a show with a two item minimum, but they don't over charge just because. The beer was cold and fresh, and the burger was tasty. My burger was a bit more done than I asked for, but that doesn't warrant a loss of a star. I wasn't there for the burger, I was there for the comedy... and much comedy was had! Thanks Comedy Cellar.
This is a perfect first date spot. 1) The comedians are world class. Your date may even mistake you for being witty. 2) There is a 2 drink minimum per person. You literally sit there, drink, and laugh for 1.5 hours.  Ideal before dinner if you are a generally uninteresting person and have little to talk about besides yourself and the weather. 3) It's pretty cheap.  About 100 for 2 people all in - including drinks and the show. 4) Reservations are relatively easy to get so you just need to remember that you have a date a few days beforehand. Things that I find annoying: 1) Louis CK made this place really popular with townies and tourists 2) People in the audience who think they are funny and attempt to participate 3) Mediocre looking girls in the front row who have an inflated sense of self worth because the comedian asked them where they are from 4) If you go too often, comedians do recycle material, so look at the lineup This is one of my favorite spots in NYC.
This place lives up to its reputation. Room holds about 300 people, and the stand-up comedians are top-notch. Acoustics are great, service is good, price is right and we got lucky -- Chris Rock made a surprise appearance, trying out new material and kept the crowd laughing for an hour. Plus Bobby Collins!
Spending an evening at Comedy Cellar is one of my favorite NYC activities. You can make a reservation for your party online (the later, the more inappropriate/hilarious usually) to help secure your spot. The hosts and comedians never disappoint and there's always a chance that a big name will surprise you with a guest appearance. You also never know where you will be seated, and if it's close to the stage, you'll most likely be picked on. A dude up front once unbuttoned his dress shirt and loosened his tie around his neck and, I shit you not, every one of the 5 comedians ragged on him and his hard day. The only thing I don't like is the 2 item minimum (includes drinks and food) which can take this out of the "cheap date" range. At the end of the show, one bill comes for the party that includes ticket price. Keep the receipt! You gotta show it to vamoose.
Best in the city.  Always great comics, attentive wait staff, and friendly crowd.  Make reservations.
We have been to the comedy celler numerous times. We were seated then ten minutes before the show told that our party was not ok for the show. Ok you dont like money fine. But our party was made up of PREGNANT WOMEN, GAY MEN and Veterans so not sure what the issue was. We asked why we were told to leave and Mert said "because". Fuck off. We had planned to bring friends here for 6 months and some dick screwed it. We were willing to spend a lot of money at your establishment but couldn't because your racist, sexist, homophobic doorman.
This club has personality as it really is in the basement of a building! The place is  fitted between two restaurants while another sits on top of it, so it's in a slightly obscure location (which adds more to its charm).  Oddly, the doorman decides where people sit when you arrive at the door before making you wait in line on the side of the building. Nonetheless, the wait is worth it as we saw "Godfrey" and company.  The comedy is always on point -- so you can't be disappointed.  The inside of the Cellar has a good vibe while the drinks were modestly priced.  My advice = Get the the pitcher so you can cover your 2 drink minimum with some value. Only oddness about this place is they literally have security stop you before leaving!  They require a receipt before letting you out of the place. Outside of that, it certainly met my New York expectations. =P
Funny comedians, helpful staff and an all-around good time! We decided day of to go, and were still able to get in no problem! I showed up around 7:30 on a Friday (looking to get reservations for the 8:45), and the guy took my name down, and told me to come back right at 8:45 for the stand-by tickets. Although our seats were pretty bad (the rooms gets packed), and we were right in the back against the wall, we could still hear and see almost perfectly. Each comedian was hilarious, and the service was really good. Since we came on a Friday, we were eligible for stand-by tickets, however, $20 each plus the 2 drink minimum (we had beers) really wasn't so bad for a great night out.  If you decide last minute to come, plan to show up early to get on the wait list, and there are a thousand bars and restaurants around you can hang out at while you wait (we went to Shade for dinner, that was amazing and took just the right amount of time).
I went to the Comedy Cellar last night for the first time. I love stand-up and the Cellar is amazing. I laughed so hard that I needed to go outside and get air. Darryl Hammond was the big name but the others were just as good AND my favorite comedian dropped by last minute. Jim Norton did about 20 mins and I was so fired up. 10 dollar cover on the week days and it was so worth it. I will be hitting up the Comedy Cellar many more times.
I can say I have never been to a comedy show where each comedian in the line up impressed me but this one definitely did.  I chose the show I did because Jessica Kirson was performing and I like her very much.  But we were very impressed.  As with most comedy clubs, two item minimum (drinks and/or food). We went to a 7pm show on a Saturday and it was amazing, the line outside for the next show was insanely long.  My advice, don't be concerned about attending an earlier show.
This place is a AMAZING. I've come here about 5 times, and every time is better than the next. The comedians are always top notch celebrities, and the material is always pretty fresh (alot of these guys use the comedy cellar to test their new jokes). The setting is intimate, small, and dim, which makes it a great place for a date following a dinner. The service isn't something to rave about, but it's not the raison d'etre of this place anyway. Cover is around $12 on wkdays and $18 on wknds, not including a 2 drink minimum. A word of caution to the sensitive souls out there: Comedians will occasionally pick on audience members. If you're on a date the jokes will double. If you are on a first date and met online, expect to get ripped on all night long :) grow a pair or go somewhere else...
I came with a few friends after a happy hour and it was pretty packed at the front, but we managed to snag the tables in the back. Given my general experiences with comedy clubs in New York, I guess I had pretty low expectations. I was hoping that someone more famous would randomly show up for a set, but alas, no. Nonetheless, it was still a pretty great time. All the comics were pretty good, even though you could tell a few of them were a bit nervous. However, the majority of them killed it and the host in between did a pretty good job of livening up the crowd. Definitely worth the cover and the 2 drink minimum. I probably came on a good day, but given the success of my first experience, it's probably a good sign for future visits. We were all pretty hungry, so we ordered a bunch of bar snacks. Food was pretty standard but decent. The wings were pretty big and crispy and the onion rings/fries were great. Can't really ask for more than that. Service is actually pretty slow, but I guess we didn't really notice for the most part because of the comics. Regardless, since we had a larger party, we felt a bit more forgiving. I would like to challenge anyone going on a first date to sit in the front row. Hoo boy, they spare no one here. I'll definitely be back, and hopefully I'll catch Chris Rock or Louis C.K. One of these days. One of these days.
Um, yeah.   Seriously.
This place is great for groups of friends- especially when they have a great lineup of comedians and/or surprise guests. Drinks 2/5 Really all over the place. The mixed drinks were either too sweet, or poorly mixed. Stick with the beer. Ahh good ol' Stella saved the night. Decor/Ambiance- 4/5 Though the place is cozy to say the least, it's a cellar; what did you expect? The view of the comedian and the leg room isn't so bad. One problem is if you need to use the restroom while the show is going on. Depending on your seat location (which is assigned to you outside as you are waiting on line), you conceivably would cause a multitude of others to get up so you could go through. Also the comedian might use you as the butt of his/her joke. Your call. Performance 4/5 This place is popular for a reason. The comedians are funny and there is usually a surprise guest. The problem? Our surprise guest was Bob Sagat. He is not funny. Not one bit. He is so vulgar, crude, awkward, and fidgety one wonders how he even gets these gigs. He sucked so bad. He is only one comedian though, so your chances of getting him are slim.
First, I laughed my ass off. Second, the wait staff was very nice and very attentive. Third, great spot for comedy.
Even though I went in unsure, not knowing any of the people on the list of comedians for the night, I left with a tummy-ache from laughing so hard! Also, Aziz Ansari and Judd Apatow dropped in which was such a great surprise! Definitely will be going back!  Almost gave it 4 stars though, because they don't make it clear that even when you reserve, it is a $12.00 cover, plus you need to buy two items. Not complaining about the price - definitely worth the show - but they should have made that clearer.
I've made it a mission from now on that every time I go to NYC, I will have to come here.  We went on Labor Day after my boyfriend's birthday dinner for the 11 pm show and we had such a great time.  I laughed till my jaws hurt.  It was awesome because even though some comedians weren't listed to perform, they did anyways like Aziz Ansari.  I think we had some 6-8 comedians that night.  It was great.  I was glad we weren't right in front or right beside the stage because they always got picked on.  It is a very small place and if you're a visitor, it does feel cramped.     Be prepared to put aside being touchy because a comedy club is not a place to take things personally, especially this one.  But if you can get pass that, it's a great time. Reserve online.  It's the easiest thing to do.  The line is on the side of the building.  There's a bar/restaurant upstairs, don't go to it.  You have to get two drinks min anyways when you're watching the show.
Comedy Cellar is the premier comedy club in NYC. There really is not much more to say than that.
I took my parents and sister here for the wednesday, 8 pm show and we had a great time. My dad especially liked the host, Ardie Fuqua. The bill ended up a little pricy, but it is easy to get carried away when you are having fun. Keep in mind that on top of the cover ($12/person on a weekday) you must also order two items each from the food or drink menu. What really set this place apart for me, aside from Ardie and the comedians, was the service. My mom lost her purse while we were there and although it wasn't recovered, everyone wanted to help us. By the end I had a team of people, including Ardie, helping us look for the purse and their concern was genuine. The restaurant and the comedy cellar are full of good people and I recommend both.
Have been here a couple of times and have not been disappointed. Some of the folks included Jim Norton, Whitney Cummings, and Aziz Ansari. Btw I ran into Dane Cook outside the Cellar...he tells me he's a regular at the cellar or at least the bar.
HILARIOUS! The place is great! I love it! A little pricy but totally worth! Always a great time, I'm there at least once a month and is always great! Tip: MAKE A RESERVATION! be a stand by sucks!
OMGOMGOMGOMG CHRIS ROCK Still can't get over it!!! My boyfriend and I saw a terrible off broadway show and was trying to figure out what to do afterwards. I was tired and suggested just going home and relaxing but he said we were in New York and we should be going out and about. We also considered getting dessert and threw some other ideas around. He made reservations for this place a week earlier just incase we wanted something to do late at night and we almost didn't come because he also made reservations for My Grandma's Ashes the next day and I was thinking we could just see a comedy show the next day BUT THANK GOD WE FUCKING GOT OFF OUR LAZY ASSES AND CAME!!!! There was a crazy long line when we arrived. We got there like 10 minutes before the show started and were almost the last people in line but somehow got the best seats in the place!!! There was the very first row available or the table behind it and I got the first seat at the table so basically directly behind the first row. Yessss! all the benefits of sitting in front without having to deal with getting made fun of by the comedians! The MC was very very funny and handled the hecklers well. I had no idea who was performing but the first comedian was Marina Franklin AND SHE WAS AMAZING! Soooooo funny! By far one of the best standups I had ever seen and I was really glad we came out AND THEN THEY FREAKING PRESENTED CHRIS ROCK WTF WTF WTF I thought they were kidding and didn't even believe it until he actually came on stage!!!!!! He started out making a joke about how to not get our hopes up, not at the prices we paid so I really thought he was just making an appearance and was going to leave in like 10 minutes and the rest of the show was going to go on but he did an entire set!!! It totally made our trip and my bf and I were like little kids afterwards jumping around in happiness!!!!!!! Ahhhhhh insanity!!! I'm not sure if its 2 drinks minimum per person or per group because I've def been to shows where its two drinks min. between two people but either way we got two drinks each and the total came out to be almost $100 with the $24 tickets which I feel like is kind of pricey?? I don't know because now I feel like I just saw Chris Rock for free basically. I thought the staff was nice and they were good at dealing with some too loud people except I have no idea why they didn't tell the people sitting at our table to be quiet. THEY WERE SO FUCKING LOUD!!! One kept coughing on my bf, another had the worst laugh ever, another kept saying FACT! after everything Chris Rock said and his gf kept saying OHHHHHHH!!!! after everything. WTF SHUT THE FUCK UP!!! I cannot believe such an obnoxious group of people were able to find each other. Christ!
Went here on a Recent trip to NYC - Luckily we had tickets and were in a good position in line. I believe we went to the 10pm showing it and it was well worth the wait - (we actually ended up getting some pizza from the place next door while we waited in line, which was good also) As we were waiting in line, we heard people saying that there were some big time celebrities who stopped in to do some quick sets - we were bummed out because we didn't hear them. fortuntely, the Night held to its reputation and we were in for a surprise - - the Dwellings - This place is in a basement/cellar of somesort - very small and cozy - it was the dead of winter when we went and it was nice to get indoors fairly quickly.  it was cram jam packed in there. seat up against seat. we got great seats right in the middle of it all, which was odd, due to the fact that we had a fairly large (6 people) group. We all got to sit at the same table and we had a blast! - entertainment - off the hook - simply no better comedy place in town; we went to one earlier on our vacation and it blew compared to this one. The host was loud, obnoxious and funny and at time raunchy, but nothing terrible. There were about 5-7 acts, from what I can remember, and all of them (but 1) were SUPER good! (keep reading...) - food/drink - we only got drinks, since we ate as we waited in line - drinks we good, fairly priced, came out quick, no complaints. didn't have food, so cant make any judments on that. __________________________________________________­_____________ Now to the Juicy details - As I said eariler, we were bummed to hear that there were Celebrity Comedians at the show before ours, but what we didn't know is that we were about to be treated to something rather special - something that happens Once in your liftetime- About 3 people into the show, CHRIS ROCK walks in and "ROCKS" the house for a SOLID 45 min SET! It was unbelievable. We weren't allowed to take any pics and everyone was holding everything in (if you know what I mean) until he was DONE! HE was HILARIOUS and his humor was suprisingly CLEAN! That totally made our night and our Trip to NYC - this place is known for having Celebrities drop in - (..... the big celeb who was at the show before ours was....... (((( Jerry Seinfield,.... no joke ))))........) All in all, this place rocks! Cant wait to go back to NYC and check this joint out again!
I'm hesitant to write a good review because it will just make this place even busier but who cares it's great! We went during the week the Monday night was already sold out. So got tickets for the next night. Here's the steps (since when I tried to call to find out how to pick up tickets no one ever answered). Make a reservation and then say for example you are going to the 10pm show. They ask you to show up between 9:30 and 10 check in at the door (there's a guy with a clip board) you'll get a card with how many and what table he has allocated to you, then just go to the back of the line and wait. IF you turn up after 10 you're reservation is void and they will give away your tickets. No phones, no cameras two drink minimum. The staff are really friendly there it's a fun night out. We got to see 10 comedians trying out some new stuff on us for $12 you can't beat those prices.
I went to Comedy Cellar for the first time last night (in part due to reading good reviews on yelp) and I was not disappointed! How did I not know about this place before? All the line up was funny (even the host!), just kept me laughing the whole time! And then there was the surprise guests...drum roll...Chris Rock!!...and then Louis CK!!! What!! Very funny! It was definitely an AWESOME night! p.s. If you want to make reservation for Friday night, do it at the beginning of the week (like a Monday) or it gets fill up fast. Then there's stand by....but you really don't want to do that. There was a lot of people on stand by last night!
Definitely make reservations online. Show up early for better seats. We were asked if we wanted the front row. I was glad we didn't, they took a lot of heat from the "meaner" comedians. We went to the original location, very tight seating. We went on a Wednesday and Ray Romano dropped in $14 cover what a deal!
After having a bad experience at the Comic Strip, I was a bit apprehensive to attending another comedy show in NYC. Luckily, Comedy Cellar was a fun time. All of the comedians, including the emcee, were HILARIOUS. Great talent and each comedian's style brought diversity, making each joke fresh and engaging. At one point, a woman was getting to chatty in the crowd, pissing off one of the comedians...the entire room was awkward for about 5 seconds. After he threatened to kick her out if she didn't shut up, he returned to his routine and the tension decreased. I am docking some stars because I thought the door staff were a bit rude and I did not like sharing a table with a couple who I did not know. Other than that, give this place a try.
Monday night show - just as good as the weekend shows. Definitely a great place to be on a Monday, and every other night, especially when other things to do aren't open or offering something worth while. The comedians here are always great an will leave you with your cheeks hurting and the cocktail waitresses are like fast ninjas, bringing the drinks silently and unnoticed.
I had high expectations for this place based on Yelp reviews and recommendations from friends but I could not have been more disappointed with this terrible, truly unfunny experience, from start to finish.  To start with, the door staff are rude, disorganized, stand-up comic wannabes who were way too amused with the little jokes they were making at their captive audience stuck in a never ending line.   Nonetheless, I remained optimistic as our group of 3 was seated in a cramped corner in a dank basement.  I wasn't there for my interactions with the door staff or the decor, I was there for some really funny comedy.  Unfortunately, that was painfully lacking at the 12:45 Friday night show that we attended.  The only bright spot in the night was Dave Attell, but even he, perhaps dragged down by the terrible, unfunny vibe at this club, seemed to be phoning it in and spent half his set chatting with another comic in the audience.  The only laughs were coming from people who seemed to be high. None of the other comics even seem to have attempted to put together bits - they all just made the same jokes about the couples sitting in the front row.  (We get it, Jersey is terrible/nobody likes Staten Island/people from the midwest are naive/men want to have sex with women they're on dates with - get some new material, people).  The few actual bits (not just poking fun at people in the audience or chatting with the other comics in the room) relied on the premise that all women are crazy and all men are dumb, which is just one of the laziest forms of comedy that comics rely on to get a few cheap laughs.  Nothing original here, nothing laugh-out loud funny, definitely nothing worth paying a $20 cover for - there's better free comedy all over the city, with comics who are actually making an effort.  None of us will be back, especially with the plethora of other options for comedy around the city.
This is one of the best comedy clubs in the US.  I went to the club on standby and had no idea what acts would be on.  All the acts were amazing! Then, Aziz randomly drops by with a few sketches!  Overall the comedy acts made us all laugh so hard that I am sure some people peed their pants.  Service was great and fast!  Definitely go!
Went to a Friday night show with my husband while in NYC recently. We showed up early to make sure we didn't have to sit front row. I was soooo excited for the show and it was really good, but the crowd only seemed to get into maybe half of the comedians. We ended up going again on Tuesday night and that was fantastic because it's so much cheaper AND the comedians were much better. The crowd (including us) laughed much more at the Tuesday night show for what that is worth. Loved coming here while on vacation and would recommend going on a Tuesday. It's got to be one of the best deals going.
I've been here 2 or 3 times already. Its a pretty good comedy club in the village. Make sure to make reservations. Like always, it really depends on the comedians of the night. Its a small space, and you will be sitting next to other people.
This is, without a doubt, the best comedy club in New York City, maybe period. It's a comedy club that I have visited several times over. From food to service to talent, it is the place to be for comedy. Admission to any of the shows, food, and drink are all reasonably priced. Sure it's a two item minimum, but you pay about 10 to 15 at the door and you get six A-list comedians every single show. Sometimes even legends drop in for a set. I highly recommend any night of the week for going to this great establishment.
The best!
This is one of my absolute favorite places in the city. I used to live nearby and I take EVERYONE that come to visit me in NYC! Big name comedians everynight.... never a bad show! I recommend going during the week! SUn-thurs. Cover is cheaper then! Weekends get a little crowded. You will laugh! I PROMISE!!! Also try the long island ice tea! :)
My last two business trips to NYC, this place was a must for me to visit, and I was highly entertained both times. If you are true comedy fan, you will love the atmosphere, the talent and the comedy. One trip Asiz Ansari dropped in to work on some new material.  During my second trip last Tuesday night, Dave Attell headlined and killed, even when he was just riffing. I went to the late show on Tuesday night and was treated to 7 comedians doing almost 2 1/2 hours.  The best $12 I ever spent on entertainment (plus food and drinks!).   If you love comedy, go here to see how it's born and raised. If you just want to kibbitz and chit-chat with your friends, then please don't bother. The wait staff is amazing.  To do their job as well as they do, in a cramped basement, during a live comedy show, qualifies them for a 40% tip at least. Located in a great little Village neighborhood, too. Check out Minetta Tavern for great food before a show.
Small, Dim, and packed with excellent comedians who are amongst the best I've seen in the World. They may not be famous, but they will ALWAYS be hilarious. The Scoop: 18 Dollar Cover, PER PERSON. 2 Drink/Food item minimum. Laugh, but keep your mouth shut. Don't distract the comedians. It's a small establishment, that has a lot of people crammed together tightly. Make the best of it. The food was amazing. It is typical pub food, with a heavy Greek influence.  Had the burger, and found it to be excellent, the only blemish being that they didn't serve any bacon on it (What pub doesn't have a bacon cheeseburger?) However, I once again state that for a comedy club, this food is outstanding and is more than sufficient. Want a fine dining experience? Hit up Per Se or Jean Georges. An absolutely awesome idea to start off the night.
I am defiantly starting to loveeee stand up comedy... It is defiantly something to do when u want to have a few giggles here and there, date night or even girls night...the atmosphor is nice... But it get really cramped.... Meaning its limited of space, tables ...chairs are too close to each other which makes it even harder to get to the bathroom... Other then that its the only thing that was bothering me all night... Had two piña ...didn't really get me drunk just a little tipsy ...had an appetizer as well to go with the drinks...the appetizer was eggplant hummus with pita bread ... Didn't like the fact a few pita was burnt... Don't like paying good money for brunt food... This place is good with there entertainment not for the food... So I suggest you eat before you come...since the seatings are all cramped together ...how are u going to enjoy the food in front of the table?? I will defiantly come back!!!  I had a good time just seating there laughing and drinking its like going to the movies but funnier lol Tickets are 14 bucks on weekend ...weekdays are 10 ...and nasty show is 12 ...prices are deffenty  reasonable...each person has to order two items such as drinks and food when you get in ....it is required !!! Hope u guys enjoy it as much as I did :)
The last time I was in New York I went here and saw Judah Friedlander and Godfrey.  It was hilarious! Plus the best seat in the house is a back corner booth to the left of the stage becaus after each comedians set that is where they went to watch the other comedians so I got to talk to all of them and listen to their funny commentary.
Did the 8:45 show on a Saturday, reserved online, and got on the line at 8:30. If you're a party of 2 you sit right in front of the stage. Oh don't worry you will certainly be victimized, but play along it's fun. From the 5 acts, 3 were funny and 2 were hillarious. Greer Barnes and Aziz Anshari (yeay! Surprise) were the star. Cover and minimum order gets to ard 40-45 per person, expensive but as you giggle, laugh and cry by the end of the night..,it is kinda worth it. Will be back!
Fun place, decently priced but I think I went on a bad night (Monday), and the comedians just weren't that funny. It wasn't just me, the whole crowd just didn't seem that into it except for the one drunk table of course. Service was nice and friendly and the bill came out to be around $66 for 2 including tip, tax and cover charge ($28). All in all, it was just "okay" funny but I consider this a must visit if you're in NY.
You know how they say all comedians flop -  yet when you see comedians host tv specials their act is always hysterical and professionally polished? The Comedy Cellar is among the small handful of reasons why. It is not unusual for a living legend to duck inside and replace someone on the announced lineup without advanced warning. Suddenly Dave Chapelle or Robin Williams is onstage trying out a few bits. Nothing short of spectacular - even if a joke flops :-).
Great place to go if you don't have the funds to pay for Gotham, but want bigger names and great stand up. It's a bit small, but not too small. The host, Ray Ellin, was hilarious as well, but just because you decide not to sit on the front row doesn't mean you won't get picked on. I went with a couple of friends and my boyfriend at the time and he made us a bit uncomfortable. If we were allowed to have a couple drinks, we might not have minded, but we're just under 21 and couldn't so we weren't really in the mood to get picked on. But I guess when you're the only Jews in the house, they find you. :P Either way, still fantastic. I'll definitely be going again.
This was my first comedy show and it was great, as soon as we were seated a server came up and asked for our drink orders and we never had to get up once. Drinks stayed filled almost all night. Only negative note was that it's very small and you are PACKED IN like sardines. Not what I would call "fat guy friendly" The comedians were all really funny and the host was great and really knew how to interact with the audience. A great experience. Monday October 28th 2013 10pm show
After some "Yelpsearch", I made  a 9pm reservation for a Friday night show  on a recent weekend visit. Great choice. We got there about 30 minutes early and had drinks in the upstairs bar . We were checked in by our waiter and sent to the club entrance. We were seated promptly, and had a decent view of the stage. We watched 5 comics and laughed all night. I like the idea of a comedy club in NYC for something different to do.
Hmm. Maybe my expectations were too high having heard so much about it. But even though we reserved seats we were shoved in a corner and ended up watching the tv of the stage instead of the stage so we didn't hurt our necks. And the staff badgered us all the time. Wasn't stoked.
We made reservation before, and the place was packed. As a foreigner, I still find lots of fun of the Comedy show. At least some jokes reflected NYC culture, and we kept laughing non stop. The cover price is one drink plus one entree, not bad at all.
I had an amazing time here! The comedians were hilarious, and the host was funny as shit.  THe drinks were good, but don't eat the food. We ordered a spinach panini and sliders, and they were not that great. Did it only bc we were staving. But come for the entertainment!!! You will be laughing all night long.
Going here was so much fun, I'd recommend it to anyone!
My recent foray here was nothing short of fan-f#cking-tastic.  The six man (5 dudes and a chick) lineup was solid from one through five.  Hell, the MC had me laughing all night as well. My face hurt, sides were split, and despite the fact me and my buddy weren't able to get reservations we had some of the better seats in the house at a table right up front and center. The night's lineup was John Mulaney, Hannibal Burress, Jim Norton, Keith Robinson, Amy Schumer, and Greer Barnes... all heavyweights in that enviable circle of stand up comedians that (presumptively) make big $$$ for making people laugh.  And hell did they show why they make their money: from Mulaney's bit about eating @ss and selling drugs, to Norton's bit on d*ck pics to Schumer's body image complaints... all genius.  I shed a tear during Robinson's bit on how gentleman need two phones. The crowd was chuckling and laughing, but I wanted to give an applause for half the punchlines thrown out that evening; maybe it's just easy to make me laugh (it really isn't) but I told my buddy that a lot of the crowd needed to take the proverbial stick out of their collective @sses and just have a good time.  They don't know how good that stuff was that night. Despite the two drink minimum requirement, service was rather unintrusive during the comic's sets, and the gin and tonics I had coming were surprisingly more stiff than I anticipated. On a personal anecdotal level...after the show, my buddy and I went to the bar upstairs and found that Burress, Schumer, Robinson, and a few other non-performing (but still big time) comics seated at the table behind us at the bar.  Fangirl moment... but we didn't act on it for fear of being ripped apart by some of the big heavyweight comics of our time. Definitely wanna make it back here sometime, and definitely a great alternative dating spot for dudes who want to make sure that their lady has a good sense of humor.
Arrogant and horrible staff. They made us 4 pay a cover with a drink minimum and then made us leave after two drinks saying "weve seen our share" ..saw 2 comics before they gave our table to someone else after they got THEIR share from us. Such a shame such great comics go to this piece of shit. Not to mention it was filthy... Two of our drink glasses were dirty, one piece of silverware actually had something crusted on the tip of it.. avocado? OH and the restroom smelled like urine. Not the place to go if you want a classy night out... A MUST DO for overpriced and watered down drinks
This place makes me want to come back again and again. Most definitely a place worth returning to. This was a perfect date night spot for me and my man and another couple. It was a holiday weekend, so the normal $14 cover was $24, but we weren't complaining. It seemed pretty reasonable with the cover and the 2 item minimum-we were able to split a couple pitchers of beer between the 4 of us and that covered our whole tables minimum. I think the value is huge-a really great comedy show with a lot of different, high end talent has most definitely cost me more. You really feel like you're in an exclusive NYC comedy club when you enter this place-and you are. Many famous comedians frequent this place. We had Jim Norton and Amy Schumer our night (along with a few others who were also excellent but whos names I forget). Get there early-seats are first come first serve and even though you have a reservation (make a reservation!) you may not get a great seat if you aren't on line at least 15-20 mins prior to show time. Everything runs really smoothly and on time-the servers are very unobtrusive and friendly. They really get you in and out in a logical and quick manner. The place is dark, small, intimate in every way you want it to be. Cross your fingers that they don't put you front and center-you WILL get heckled. I mean, unless that's something that you're into! Super funny, love that this place is just down the street from my mans apartment-can't wait to go back, and take everyone I love here!
We came here for a Thursday night 8pm show and I was so surprised to find that the place was not only sold out but packed. I highly recommend making a reservation online (it's free) before coming. The space is very small; we were packed like sardines and the waiters were constantly bumping into my chair. There is a 2 item minimum and my friend and I shared a large pitcher for a great price to fulfill the minimum. Some of my other friends ordered food and their dishes looked mediocre. Overall, I kept getting bumped into and the space was way too cramped for me to come back.
Such a great comedy club! Completely exceeded all of my expectations! I was really hoping for a super fun night with all of my friends, and that is exactly what we got! First of all, make sure you make reservations because it is a really small space. I really don't even think you can get in without them, except maybe if there is only a small group?  Also, keep your email confirmation because when we got there, they didn't have our reservation down for some reason, but we were able to show them back up proof!  It's worth it to get there a little early to make sure they have your reservation and everything, but it really doesn't matter if you are in the front of the line or anything because you have preassigned seats that they escort you to anyway.  There are strict rules inside, they will throw you out if you use your phone! Also, the bathrooms are tiny and jammed up so try to go before you get there. I was with a large group of girls and we ended up sitting at the table right near the stage and it was so fun! All of the comedians interacted with us all night, along with other groups in the audience, and I think that really made our night even that much more fun.  There is a two drink minimum per person once you get inside, but a pitcher of beer counts as 4 drinks, so we just did that.  I don't think the pitchers or drinks were that over priced or anything.  You'd want to be drinking throughout, so it really wasn't a big deal to have the minimum.  We didn't order any food or anything, so I can't speak about that.   Most importantly, all of the comedians, and the host were hilarious! I mean I have never been to a show that kept me so entertained.  You could really tell that the entire crowd was enjoying it.  And the host did a great job of keeping everyone going between shows.  It seemed very natural and original and I would have loved to stay and watch the show again the next hour. That's how much I enjoyed it. I will be taking all of my out of town guests here when they come to visit form now on! It gives you a great feel for the real NYC experience, right in the middle the village, and it really is so much fun.
Always a treat!  We've seen some great comedians here, some not as great, but all in all - we always have a lot of fun bringing guests from out-of-town.  It's a snug, little hole in the wall.  The last show of the night generally runs the longest.  We'll be back!
Dark and dingy, just how I like it!  We came on a Saturday night and Anziz dropped by.  So cool to see him practicing his new material.....he kept going back and forth from his notebook.  It's a very intimate venue and I loved every second of the show!   Here's a tip.....go to the Olive Tree and grab a drink before the show.  Be nice to the bartender.  He has the power to "check you in".  He gave us a notecard with a table number.  We didn't even have to wait in line outside!  We just walked right in the comedy club through a side door in the restaurant and went straight to our table...... which was in the front row!
psst... ive taken a date to the comedy cellar where we saw both Lewis CK and Dave Atell (and got food) for 20 dollars... combined. here's how to get it done. go to the comedy cellars website and click the 'special offer' link. call in your reservation through the number listed and you (and up to 3 other people) can get your cover charge waved (if you're on a date that's at least $24.00 saved right there). to appease the two item minimum, buy some sodas and desserts (yes your server will hate you). after the hilarious show, tasty sodas*, and delicious deserts, your final tab will come out to something stupid like $17... at this point its vital to suppress the grinch grin thats creeping its way across your face. good times. ....... *a proper gentleman always caries a flask... ok so maybe i was broke. don't judge me.
This place is great! The line was long, and there weren't anymore reservations available, but the door attendant found us a spot inside! 2 drink minimum with a cover charge- so it is a bit pricey, but definitely worth it! The comedy acts were hilarious for all adults populations.
Great comedians on stage (Anziz showed up unexpectedly) and the host is hilarious, but the bouncer and some of waiters are the most rude people I have ever met! For God's sake, it's ridiculous how rude they are!! Unf*%#^belivable!
Great time here - lots of laughs. They have really good comedians, a lot of big names. I am always too loaded to remember any specific jokes but I remember laughing a lot. It's a small, cozy, intimate little club. That also means you are in close proximity with other patrons, just fyi, in case you have a phobia of someone brushing your arm or something. You do however feel like you found a secret underground comedy den! It's in a great area too, lots of shops, bars, restaurants. TIPS: 1. They sell out fast so if you really want to go, make reservations ahead of time! 2. If you are sensitive, don't sit in the front row. Get there early so you can choose your seat. Comedians will pick on you if you sit in the front row. Someone said I had a Bret Hart haircut once :( WHATEVER, I am sorry you have to make fun of people in the audience for your material!!!!! It is pretty funny when it happens to other people though ;) Anyway, it's all harmless fun but if you don't want to be scrutinized and picked on, sit in the back. And if you do want to sit in the front row for a more interactive experience, be my guest, but also get there early so you can get the seat you want. 3. If you are a stalker or just a big fan, go to the bar upstairs, a lot of the comedians hang out there before/after the shows. 4. Hit up Artichoke's down the street for a drunk pizza binge after.
Now who have I seen drop in here before...?  Lemme think... Oh yeah, some guy named Dave Chappelle did a surprise set once.  And then another time, these dudes named Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld both showed up.  Yeah, I think those guys really have a future in comedy.  Maybe they're even good enough to have their own tv shows.  Maybe some day...once they've really honed their skills.  Keep an eye out for them.  Funny stuff.
The Comedy Cellar attracts some of the funniest people on the planet. I've only been here once but really, the talent was incredible and I thought the comedians I'd never heard of were even better than the ones I recognized . It attracts an interesting and diverse crowd, too: lots of international flavor, locals, tourists, people from Jersey. There was also a couple here celebrating their "seven-month anniversary", which is not something you want to admit at a Comedy Club because people are going to make fun of you for that ish. Let's see...I made a reservation for two a week in advance and had no problems. Since there were just two of us, we were seated rather awkwardly at what was essentially one table for four- with another couple. But the room is pretty small, so if you're a small party you should just accept that this might happen and try not to care about it. Oh, and don't expect an extravagant bathroom experience, either. It could possibly set a Guinness for smallest bathroom in the world. Let's see...what else. There is a two-item minimum. Don't listen to the reviews that say there isn't one, because there definitely is.
I came to laugh and drink and I did just that.  Some of the material was absolutely ridiculous and *cough, cough* not amusing. The majority, however, was hilarious resulting in me holding my vaginal sphincter until I could go to the bathroom.  Let's face it, peeing on yourself in front of others was only ok in youth and I didn't want to give the comedians any more material.  Overall, a good time, wear waterproof mascara if you cry when you are in stomach pain laughter, and I recommend it.
This is a great comedy club! The bar above, the green olive (?), had a nice atmosphere and very friendly staff for drinks both before and arfter the show. The show was very good, including five comedians. I give four instrad of five because it took to ling to get the drinks we ordered during the show. But I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting NYC!
This review has nothing to do with the comedy at this place, just the way they treat you. I went with a group of friends in two separate groups of 8 and evidently they have a policy that they won't allow in two big groups that know each other. I get that and respect that, but the way they told us about this policy was extremely condescending. They basically treated us like we were 15 year olds who were trying to get away with something. We tried to talk to them about it, but they basically just said we can't go in (no apologies, just that we can't go in). The host who spoke to us was rude and not professional at all. I'm sure the comedy is good, but if you want to get treated like a human being I'd go somewhere else.
I'm sure glad I chose to get standby tickets tonight!  I have sat through some terrible entertainment lately, namely Grown Ups 2, and needed to get my moneys worth to make up for that travesty.  When Taylor Lautner is the best part of your movie it is time to go back to the drawing board. If you don't have reservations, my tip is to get to the venue 45 minutes ahead of time if you want to get a seat inside.  The club will always leave seats open for standby so if the lineup looks great to you consider sweating it out.   Even if the lineup doesn't look overly appetizing, it is still worth heading over.  Consider today's acts which included Whitney Cummings and Amy Schumer.  Schumer got scratched off the list a few minutes before gametime, but there were two unannounced performers; Jim Norton and Aziz Ansari! Ansari apparently lives close to the venue and wanted to walk over and try new material on the crowd.  He started off a little cold, but business picked up halfway through and he closed strong.   Jim Norton and the rest of the comedians were great and our bill was below what you would expect to pay for this type of talent.  Admission for 2 people and 2 drinks each came out to about $60.  Each of these comedians individually charge $60 if they were to play solo.  The food is also reasonably priced and straight from the Olive Tree Cafe next door.   I can't recommend the Cellar enough, thanks for a legendary night!
i'm a newbie to comedy cellar, & was pleasantly surprised by how much fun this place was! made the 10pm show, and all comedians were awesome & kept the crowd laughing the whole night. jeff ross is hilarious! a really great deal in the city: $14 for the show and 2-item minimum per person (you can even get 2 soft drinks and that's ok!). loved that the servers don't push you to get pricey beverages. the food items on the menu is decently priced for NYC. a small venue but a fun date spot (as long as you're comfortable with "those jokes" around your date!) or night out with friends!
A great spot for a night out full of laughs. I'd recommend making reservations and showing up early, because then you can get seated super close to the front. But, if you're shy then this is a terrible idea! We were about 5 feet from the comedians and our group and everyone around us were made the butt of countless jokes. Also go to the bathroom before the show starts or you're GUARANTEED to get called out. There are 5 comedians and usually all pretty funny. On my night there was one pretty lame comedian, but the others made up for it. They have a system where each person has to order two things, that could be food and a drink, or just two drinks. The prices aren't great, but not too bad. The food was nothing special. I got a burger with mashed potatoes. It was kind of hard to eat because I was really close to everyone around me. But it just added to the experience. This is definitely a great spot to go with friends or on a date. You'll be sure to enjoy yourself.
Oh the Cellar, how have I not reviewed you yet?  By far the best comedy room in the city, very intimate, not the most comfortable, but just plain awesome. There are hundreds of reviews about how awesome this place is, so I'll give some warnings. 1. Do NOT be drunk.  You will not get in.  I've seen it nearly every time - no matter how large your group is, if the bouncers can't look into your eyes and see no issues you will not get in.  Don't try. 2.  Beware of imitators - there's a comedy club two blocks south which books a lower level of comedians, not worth it. 3.  Get in line early - there are some lesser seats, especially if you have a group of 4 - 2 tops and 6 tops will often do the best 4.  Standby on the weekend - if the first line gets to the random doorway going downstairs, you had better be in the first 5-10 or you're not getting in. 5.  Make a reservation far in advance - around holiday times, 2 weeks in advance for a weekend night is legit, you will get a good lineup don't worry. 6.  Don't bring your parents - uncomfortable much 7.  Don't talk unless spoken to - some of the regulars are amazing at comebacks and you WILL get pwned Have fun, laugh, and be sober in line.
Big fan of this place and have been regular every time I'm visiting NYC. Many well known comedians that have been on Comedy Central not to mention surprise visits and performances from celebrity comedians! It's probably the only place I know that although requires a 2 drink minimum but no one needs to get drunk to understand the comedy. Great performers with great material.
I really, REALLY enjoyed the show here.  The show ran pretty much for 5 hours, I think we left after 1AM, pretty crazy, but entertaining nevertheless. I lost count on how many comedians actually went on stage, but there were at least a good 10-15, so you do get your money's worth.  There's a 2 drink minimum plus the cover, but the show was well worth it.  The crowd was a mix between the local New Yorkers to visitors like myself.  The one thing I remembered was one of the comedian (don't know the name) making fun of me since I'm Asian, thus I must be good with numbers.  Since I replied I work in the financial sector, he started to crack up.  "Damn Asians and numbers.."  Thankfully, it's all in good fun, and I didn't really care.  Yes!  I'm a nerd good at math, so sue me :).  Since we sat right in the center facing the stage, I was expecting to be pointed out, so it's all good.  If you don't want to be spotted by the comedians, I'd suggest you sit in the corner or something. Anyways, loved my New York trip and I definitely want to come back here for a return visit.
I went into the city on a Thursday night with my high school prom date. We had gone for drinks, dinner and ended up here. The plan had been to go see the book of mormon but while our luck didn't find us seats in the lottery, it did get us into a sold out 10:30 show at the Comedy Cellar. While waiting online two guys gave us some extra seats and 3 jack and cokes later we were all having a great time. The place is tight, no cameras allowed and it's a hassle getting your check and leaving the scene but trust me it's well worth it. The tickets were about 18 dollars each too if that helps. Anyway, I'm not the laugh out loud type of girl honestly, I over analyze every joke and while I love a good fat joke, ugly people making fun of themselves just grosses me out. With this being said, the best acts of the night were definitely the Jews. (but that's no surprise) So yeah, this is definitely a must see in the city and I'll be back for sure. I wish I remembered some of the comedians names but whether you get to see Louis C.K or just a random guy with a twitch, you won't leave the Comedy Cellar without a few smiles ;) Tip: All tables = One Check
nitty gritty new york comedy.  your feet might stick to the floor, you'll be cramped, and undoubtedly shocked by some of the jokes, but isn't that what good comedy is all about? good price.  MAKE A RESERVATION.  even on a weeknight.  even for the late late shows.  sure, you could get lucky, but most recently, i was there on a tuesday and watched many people turned away. don't order the food inside:  stick with the drinks---and as far as that goes, stick with the beer.  if you're hungry, order at the gyro place next door and eat it while waiting in line to enter the club before going in (although the hummus inside is actually pretty good). there's a 2 drink (or menu item ...just go for drinks, trust me), minimum and a 3 drink maximum.  depending on your waitress, and your level of sobriety, that line is moveable.   i go fairly frequently, and it's fun to see national comics honing their material or trying new stuff.  sick, sick puppies....but i wouldn't go to hear them any other way.  you also sometimes get a few unlisted drop ins.  BIG NAMES that are not on the line up online.  i've seen this happen more frequently REALLY late at night. no matter what you do...DONT BE THE TOOL that pulls out your phone at the club.  seriously?  someone is complaining about no reception?  ugh, you're the douche at the movies/broadway show/funeral/wedding/comedy club/dinner i want to choke.  with both hands.
I don't remember the names of all the comedians I saw at a Thursday midnight (hello, nasty!) show, but the ones I do remember are Andrew Schulz, Wil Sylvince, and Ardie Fuqua. The show was hilarious (despite seemingly every comedy show's inevitable drunk hecklers). The place is small and tight (giggity) but efficient - you pay for the show and your two-item minimum at the end, with one check. The servers were all able to take orders quickly and quietly, and weren't like the douchebags I've encountered at other comedy clubs. Wil and Ardie hung around outside after the show to meet with fans and take pictures, and were just all-around awesome guys. I'll be back and can't wait to see who the Comedy Cellar has in store for me then!
This is the best comedy club in the city.  Every night of the week they have an impressive lineup.  I've seen so many great stand-ups here,Dave Attell, Patton Oswalt, Ben Ross.  Jerry Seinfeld unexpectedly showed up one night and did a 30 minutes set which was awesome.  If you're there on a date or only with one other person I suggest getting there early so that you can get one of the seats right in front of the stage. I can't count how many times the comedians there have railed on me, and i love it.  There's a bar right above the club where you can grab drinks and wait.  During the week they have a special where you don't have to pay cover and just need to meet the 2 drink minimum.  I've only had the food once, and it was decent, but you're not there for the food anyway.  Definitely make reservations for this place, it gets packed.
There's not much to say about this place that most people don't already know. The cellar has some of the best acts in the city and is an icon. I suggest getting a reservation and getting it early. I also suggest arriving alittle early as well. One down point was that while my girlfriend and I were waiting in line, the staff had a alittle dispute with the group behind us regarding their reservation. Now I usually am not one to side with complaining customers as I do not subscribe to the customer is always right mantra. However these guys were I in the right. And I think the staff treated them with no respect and offered no solutions. However. The acts were amazing and the service was good. Drinks were stiff and not priced out of this world. A must for those comedy fans out there.
All of the comedians were awesome, but the highlight was Aziz Ansari's surprise appearance - hilarious. I'd recommend making reservations in advance and getting there early to get in line for the best seat. It is SUPER packed in there. If you're with a few other people, order a pitcher or two to meet the drink minimum, and then get your check. There were a ton of people waiting to cash out at the end of the show, and we get out quickly because we had already paid!
I came here my last night in NYC, and I am so happy that I made this stop. Located in Greenwich Village, the Comedy Cellar is everything that a stand up comedy venue should be. It is literally underground so the seating area is very small with the tables pushed up right next to each other. You will have to squish to get everyone in, but it gives the area a very intimate feel. Plus, you are guaranteed to be sitting pretty close to the stage. When I came here, our table was literally pushed up right against the side of the stage so I got to see everything facial movement and gesture. I think they have a two drink minimum here, but everything is reasonably priced and the drinks come from the restaurant attached to it (the Olive Tree Cafe I think is what it is called) and made very well. You can also order food but we had eaten dinner beforehand so we didn't order anything. There were quite a few acts that night, with each comedian performing for 15-20minutes each. My favorite was Godfrey. He nailed his act and had the best impressions. I admit I was a little star struck being so close. The lineup changes every night and they sometimes have random guest appearances. It is an amazing place with really great talent that will keep you laughing through the night. Everyone is there to have a good time and you really get caught up in everything that is happening around you. I do recommend making reservations ahead of time and getting there a little bit early to get in line so you can snag prime spots.  The cover price varies depending on what time and day you go. I think it's usually $14 for Sun-Thurs and $24 for Fri and Sat. If you are touring NYC, or if you live in the area and haven't been here before, it is definitely a must see!
One of my favorite comedy spots in the city. I drag all my out of town friends here, especially given the special online deal that lets you get in super cheap. I've seen some awesome comics here, from Dave Attell to Gottfried to everyone who matters yo. I try to avoid the earlier shows on the weekends because it can be insanely packed, but the drinks are good (pricey a la typical comedy club minimum shtick) and the food ain't bad either! I'm sure I'll be back, as soon as another friend comes to visit.
This is about the village underground comedy cellar. Not the main one (which is intimate and great). Hi, I was disappointed with you guys. I've been to lots of comedy shows, probably 4 across the city in the last 3 months. I'm normal and conscientious. I was happy for the show to end and leave the establishment. The whole experience was uncomfortable, despite amazing comedians. It started with the bouncers who were overly aggressive. Bouncers are bouncers, and there is a popular bar attached, but I shouldn't  have to feel harassed while explaining why I'm there and then grateful for the privilege of being let in. Once in we maintained appropriate noise level but were told to be quiet multiple times. The comedians never once even flickered their eyes towards our table. They absolutely couldn't hear us and weren't distracted by us. The tables around us were not either. I hate people that speak and disrupt shows, I'm aware of it and take care not to be it. Still, a weird guy in sweatpants kept telling us to be quiet. And then would hover around the table, I suppose trying to make us feel awkward. Which worked. It completely  disrupted the show for us, whereas we didn't disrupt the show for the comedians or others. It was weird. The comedians were hilarious, the vibes were negative. You should work on that. I think I'll stick to the other comedy clubs. They just feel more normal, not as icky. Thanks, Mike
Lots of fun, $15 cover and 2 item minimun for Fri.-Sat. The website has downloads for free cover passes for Sun.-Thurs. shows and good for up to 4 people.
An excellent night out. Since the comedians vary, I will save you a review of them. The mc was pretty good and got the crowd warmed up. The lineup was longer than expected, 5 acts! All great comedians with good quality routines but none were side splitters. The layout of the club was long and intimate. On the two ends are booths, good for groups but the view isn't as good. The row of chairs at the front of the stage serve as targets, so watch out. The drink selection is decent. Nothing craft or gourmet, mostly tried and true crowd pleasers (e.g. mostly beer and sweet cocktails). I ordered a creamsicle - vanilla rum and orange juice, which I liked because it was strong and not overly sweet.
Went here with my friend a week or two before Christmas last year, and have never laughed harder. I enjoy standup, and the comedians and atmosphere the entire night was spectacular.   If you like comedy, you must go. Also, to cover the drinks, we got a pitcher, which made the night a great deal overall. Enjoy!
My parents are in the city at the moment, visiting from Australia. I booked tickets for last Tuesday night at 8pm $14 a head. After the show, the audience was invited to stay for the late/nasty show (free of charge). We stayed on - and SO happy we did - Dave Chapelle rocked up unannounced at the very end and performed for 45 minutes. BEST NIGHT EVER.
I understand this is a lame medium to complain but the impotence is killing me. I travel from san francisco twice a year to see my best friend in NYC and i always include this absolute favorite of mine in my schedule. Tonight we were ridiculed in front of an entire audience for clapping and laughing and having a good time (the comics were actually funny, they always are). Both my friend and i run top restaurants in our respective towns and we know what misbehaving looks like. We were just having an unacceptable amount of fun, according to management? Apparently someone was doing office work instead of paying attention to what was going on during the show. My friend left the room in tears, embarrased beyond belief due to the security guard that kept on approaching her in conspicuous ways. Thousands of miles and dollars invested over the years at this place to sadly find out they are a bunch of hipocrite entertainers.
I've been to many comedy clubs over the years, starting with the Laff House in Philly, when I was a lowly underaged college freshman who found out they didn't card (shhh...)  But I had never been to a comedy club in NYC.  On a recent trip, my husband and I decided to check out the Comedy Cellar. We made our reservations online and upon arriving, we checked in and had to wait in line outside.  Note to the ladies- bring a jacket!  I froze my buns off outside cause we were standing there forever.  Next time, we'll show up closer to showtime.   Once going inside, they escort you to your assigned table.  If you are easily picked on (i.e. the audience member at our show who showed up with two hot blonde chicks... you know the comedians had a FIELD DAY with that one), they will put you up front.  Something to note- tables of more than 8 are not allowed.  Not sure how enforced this is, but just something to keep in mind if you're trying to plan a big outing. Like most comedy clubs, there is a two item minimum.  Surprisingly, I found the drink prices to be pretty reasonable (for NYC).  Note on the minimum- they DO enforce that.  As evidenced by the guy next to us who had to down 3 beers since his date only ordered a Diet Coke... I ordered two fruity girly drinks and they were pretty delicious. Now to the reason why we visited- the comedians.  On this particular night, there were about 6 or 7 comedians (including the MC).  I thought they were all great.  Some were better than others, but the nice thing about this place is that the sets are so short that if someone sucks, you only have to wait a few minutes until the next guy/gal.  I forget all the guys who performed but the standout for me was Jim Norton.  Also, this probably doesn't need to be said, but I'll say it anyway- stand up is crude, offensive, and freaking hilarious.  Please proceed with caution if you have thin skin.
Ok, Comedy Cellar. I've been here twice now. Our first time was great, a 4 star experience. Good drinks, good service, GREAT comedy. I only took away one star because of the chaos at the end of the show where everyone tries to escape/ pay/ pee/ exit all at once. When our waiter brought us the wrong bill. Then we had to wait during more chaos for our actual bill. Then once we paid our actual bill we find out the next day that we were double charged. THEN it took a week of emailing/ calling to get the extra charge removed from the card. (Some may say that this issue would be worth deducting a few more stars, but since the issue was resolved within a week, I think a four star rating is more than fair.) NOW on our last visit we brought friends from out of town. Our group of four crammed into your tiny little seats, elbowed up against strangers, agreed to pay your 18$ admission fee + 2 item minimum all in the name of good entertainment. And that's what we got GREAT comedians. What we didn't bargain for was the bouncer from H*LL. THIS man with his secret service earpiece needs to be gone. Seriously. He has red hair and a beard, basically an extra from Seven Brides For Seven Brothers. This man felt the need to loudly spit "SHHHHHHH" after every joke. Now I'm no comedian, but I do know that people tend to laugh at different times depending on how quickly they get the joke... This man had the audacity to shhh people for an hour and a half after every single joke. He Did NOTHING however about a few obnoxious hecklers who YELLED out at the comedians multiple times. THEN as I was whispering to my friend about which drink she should order next, Paul Bunyon had the audacity to come over and tap me on the shoulder and give us a "Ladies please keep it down." There was a GAGGLE of broads in a table next to us who were causing a ruckus all evening and I'm sure he thought we were guilty of creating their noise. FIRST OFF, if this gentleman is to remain employed there he should A) take that earpiece out that I'm sure is connected to nothing and B) have a hearing aid put in so that he can actually determine where the noise is coming from. And just in case you think maybe I was unknowingly loudmouthed, we also saw him "shh" a table next to us who was practically silent all evening. Ruined what would have been a great night at the Comedy Cellar. Looking for a new place to get our laughs.
Great night out! My favourite comedian was Keith Robinson - he was the emcee that evening. Of all the comedians that evening, there was only one that I didn't really find funny. The others? My cheeks hurt from laughing. So funny. Since I was attending solo I wasn't able to be seated in the very front row, but I still had a great seat. So entertaining! I'd love to come back here. I also had a hot chocolate which was delicious. :)
Most nights of standup comedy can be hit or miss so it's not really the Comedy Cellar's fault if I didn't see the best night of comedy.  Though I hate the 2 drink minimum but that's pretty standard for comedy clubs.  This place is the home base for many a well known comic.  Dave Attel, Colin Quinn, Greg Giraldo, and Jim Norton are frequent performers here.  I've even caught Sarah Silverman trying out new material here though she pretty much bombed that night and ended up smoking a joint on stage or at least being offered one.  Some of the lesser known comics can be a pleasant surprise.
WORST experience ever. Came from Philadelphia with friends. Made a reservations for the 12:45 show a week and a half in advance. Called the comedy cellar to a week pror to the show to ask when we should arrve. I was told 12:15 they start seating on a first come first serve basis. My group of 8 got there at 12:00. We were rudely told to get out of the way and not step over a line or we wouldn't be able to get n. We did as we were told, and we waited for an hour. In that time one of our friends got accused and questioned for being "too drunk" which was ridiculous. We were standing and  having normal conversation as we waited in line . My friend was not the only person who got interrogated for no reason, I saw multiple customers get questioned by management for no reason. Finally at 1:00, someone said to the manager " We've been in line for an hour, the show was suppose to start 15 minutes ago, what's going on" The manager named Mert didn't even address the question, he looked at the guy who asked the question and said "you look wobbly, I don't think you can come in" we were like, what were just asking a question. This manager had checked our IDs and talked to all of us just an hour ago and somehow since waiting in the line, we got drunker and  couldn't go in. I am still curious why asking a question about a start time gets you accused of being drunk and prevented from entering the show. As a manager you are suppose to provide customer service, if you can't handle someone asking why things are running late, then you shouldn't be a manager. We understand that sometimes things happen, maybe the previous show was running overtime, that's fine. We were just trying to figure out what was going on. And quiet frankly, if your running late, as a manager its your job to apologize to the customers and say I'm sorry for the hold up, were running a little late. NO BIG DEAL. but don't throw people out for nothing at all.... and if your so worried about people being too drunk, don't require a two drink minimum for the show. I heard the show is amazing but you need to do something about the people who work there and interact with the customers. Your gonna soon have some great performers with no audience if you keep Mert around
Comedy Cellar is one of the best comedy spots in NYC. The comedians are A+ & the place is clean. They have pitchers of beer, sangrias & they don't have those dumb two drink minimums.
I saw CHRIS ROCK here!!!!!!! That alone is worth 5 stars! RSVP'ed for 2 for a Friday night show and got in without a problem. I don't like that the lady at the door judges the way you look before she determines where to sit you. She sat us towards the front of the stage right by where the comedians enter. I love that she sat us close enough to the stage where we wouldn't be picked on the entire time, just occasionally. I would come back every night and laugh until my whole face was full of wrinkles.
Hilarious comedy at dirt cheap prices. I reserved tickets for $10 for a 11:30PM show on Sunday night back in November. We were the first in line but the show before ours ran over so we were standing in the cold for a while but it was well worth it. We even got some pre-show comedy before we even got in because some girl came storming out of the last show and started going off on a rant about how the comedian was racist and offensive for a good 5-10 minutes. Everyone just looked at her funny - who goes to a comedy show expecting it to be PC? Anyway, we finally get in and the entire line up was lol hilarious, with Godfrey closing out the night. The show lasted about an hour and a half. I don't think I've ever laughed so much at a comedy show. I've also read that Dave Chappelle and other celebrities who started their stand up days here have made surprise appearances too, so I will definitely be back in hopes of seeing one of them perform!
When I first found this place, I was obsessed. I've been 4 times now, and I'd recommend only going once or twice. The first time is great but if you return multiple times, you will see the same comedians and hear the same jokes. Michael Che kills it every time. There's also a big girl who performs who is awesome. I wish I remembered her name. I like to take newbies here because they find it absolutely hilarious. I've yet to see any really famous comedians, but the ones there are honestly brilliant. The food and drinks are decent and a fairly cheap price.
I'm not one to normal post negative reviews, but I had such a poor experience here I think it is worth noting.  The staff was so rude and disorganized when I tried to go last week. I went with a party of 4 on a Monday night. I got there a few  minutes after the rest of the group. The clipboard guy has unable to  locate the name of my party on the seating chart. His solution was to turn me away and tell me to make a reservation for another show. The show wasn't started yet and others went in after me. I don't want to think the comedy cellar purposefully discriminated against me but I don't know why they wouldn't let me join my party. Not sure if they have the goods to back up being a prima donna or they are just fakers. Maybe New Yorkers are just rude in general.
So most people know that the Comedy Cellar features some of the best comedians in the world, and that going to a show will have you LOLing, ROFLing, cry-laughing, etc.  But what is also worth mentioning about this place (and indeed, why I'm writing this review in the first place) is its phenomenal service. I went last night for the first time, and our waiter, Sean, could not have been better.  He was swift in refilling our drinks (essential, because even the best comedians around just aren't quite as funny if you ain't drunk) and did everything in his power to make our group of six comfortable, including stopping several other managers/waiters from turning on an AC vent that was blowing cold air on us earlier.  And, when some drunk chick spilled red wine on our friend's jacket, Sean was there in a flash with a pile of napkins and an offer of a free drink.  Whatta guy. So yeah, go to the Comedy Cellar for the comedians and for the (however slim) chance that you'll see Louie C.K.  But stay for the other employees that make this place pretty fantastic.
We live locally and decided we wanted a girls night out we went out to diner near by which was great and then decided to come here to the comedy cellar.  The comedians were great, really funny however we weren't allowed to laugh.  YES you read that correctly the bouncer and the waitress came over to our table and told us we were laughing too loud, how is that possible aren't you supposed to laugh during a comedy show????  And how is it possible that you can laugh too loud.  We did bring it to the managers attention when we were leaving, she was calm and listen to us, but that was it.  Maybe all the reviews with 4 and 5 stars went on a different night when different staff and management were working.
Waitress was so rude Comedy was lame.  Most seemed so stressed out it was painful to watch
went to comedy cellar on saturday night at 630 for the 730 show. No seats were left because of prior reservations but we were told to wait to see if people with resevations did not show up we would be in. Well 720 came round and we were told not to leave looks good. At this point people with reservations were 5 minuets late. We were told looks good up till 740 when wouldnt ya know it the people that had reservations sawntered in and we were told soooooooorry? The Comedy Cellar broke there guidelines of if you have a reservation be there by 715. Ok maybe a 10 min grace period but after investing an hour on line compared to some one to show up 25 min late not to mention it is a 730 show                            Ray W
Comedy Cellar on MacDougal is definitely one of the best Comedy Clubs in NYC. Show: This show is pretty hilarious. They have famous comics here and there. I went on a Friday night and Judah Friedlander as well as a couple of other big names performed. Most of which were funny. There was one female comic who was lame, but luckily she was only on the stage for about 5 minutes. Ambiance/Location: The show is located smack in the center of MacDougal, which is a pretty poppin' location for the venue. The room itself is fine, however they really pack it to the max. I felt a little bit claustrophobic stuck in a little corner because there was such limited space. There was a giant pole right in front of me and I couldn't even move left or right because there was no space to move. I didn't see many poles in the room, so I don't believe this is a major concern. Just back luck on my part! Food/Drinks: I did not try any of the food, but did get a couple of drinks. There is a two item minimum per person. The drinks are reasonably priced for NYC...about 6-7 bux. As for the tea, they actually use the good stuff...Mighty Leaf! Service: The waitresses come by frequently and are easily accessible. Value: Good value. You end up paying about $24 for the show on a weekend and $14 for two drinks = $38 per person. That is comparable to all of the other comedy clubs in NYC. Most comedy clubs are about $25 bux cover with 2 drink minimum. I did notice that the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater has $5-10 shows with excellent reviews and celebrity comics. That show is next on my list... Overall, I had an excellent experience at Comedy Cellar and would return again. Next time, I will arrive about 30 minutes early to get into line earlier. That way I will not have a table located in front of a pole!
Wow! The best comedy club I have ever been to. The host was amazing and could do anything with the crowd. The comics were all great. The prices are reasonable. This place is a must!   Make sure to make reservations!
The prices for food and etc are about in line with the cheaper places in NYC.  This place has a two drink minimum for admission.  In my opinion whether this is a diet coke or some triple concoction, this is well wroth it.   Most weekends and off nights, you can catch at least one headliner polishing up their routine.  The other wannabies are usually funnier in my experience.  Tip:  Go first show or last show.  Whoever your comedy god is, they're probably married with kids and have to get back home while still of questionable sobriety.  Or they are on the express train to hell and they're going to close the place down with a single clap.
this is a world class establishment- by far my most favorite place to visit in new york! acts are often raw, daringly innovative, horrifyingly offensive & keep the place packed night after night.   on past trips i have been witness to unexpected appearances by seinfeld, chris rock and larry david to name a few. great sangrias! food at the restaurant upstairs is also enjoyable. two drink minimum.
The Comedy Cellar is an NYC institution. We reserved a table for four last night and were promptly put right dead-center in the front. Bottles of wine were flowing at our table, needless to say. Jeff Ross was hammered on stage, could barely stand-up, and he was absolutely hilarious. Roastmaster indeed. Sherrod Smalls wasn't really that funny & actually was a tad boring. He stared at my date, K-Lord,  the entire set with this creepy smile on his face. Whatever works for him. Judah was my personal favorite. "World Champion" was definitely representing at the Cellar. His entire bit was "Ask Me About My Presidential Campaign" - - it was so funny as people would yell out issues and he would sharply respond to them. Also, he has a bit where people would name famous dead people and he would say their last words...funny indeed. Well played Comedy Cellar.
I have been to comedy cellar before and had great experiences there.  Tonight was so terrible that I will NEVER be back, and am writing this review the second I walked into my apartment. My dad was in town from Miami this weekend so I thought it would be great to take him to a show.  I made a reservation over the phone yesterday morning (day before).  The phone message had an automated recording where you could press 1 to hear show times, 2 to make a reservation, etc.  I went through all the steps of making a reservation for 2, under my name, 8:45pm Friday, and at the end of the recording it said "You are confirmed" with all of the details I had requested.  I show up tonight a half hour early, wait on line, they can't find the reservation.  Finally they come back to us and tell us that I had made the reservation when the show was already sold out, and that if I had pressed to speak to a person in the recording or listened to the entire message AFTER it gives you the options of what to do to make a reservation, that it would have said that show was sold out.....Now I don't know what idiot would listen to a long-winded recording when very quickly it says "Press X to make a reservation".  Furthermore, it's not my fault that it was sold out and they still took AND confirmed my reservation.  That's an operational issue on Comedy Cellar's end that clearly they need to fix.   Anyway, after telling us they can't seat us because the confirmed reservation I made actually is useless since it's sold out, the manager didn't offer anything to us.  He didn't offer to seat us in the next seating, didn't offer for us to stick around to see if any seats were available ---it was only 2 of us and not everyone shows up for these shows since you don't pay in advance.  He did NOTHING but told me that I was lying and that I had in fact known it was sold out and was trying to pull a fast one on him. Moral of the story - bad management, unhappy customer.  For someone who worked years in customer service - this is an example of how you lose customers. I will no longer recommend this place to friends and colleagues and will no longer be back.
Came here on my work trip to New York in the middle of the week. I had heard that the pros come out during the week to practice their material... I was not disappointed in the venue. Saw Dave Attell smoking cigs outside as I walked up to make my reservation Wow. Then got to see some AMAZING comedy by Greer Barnes and Kurt Metzger.. Wow again... The only problem is that I sat next to 2 guys who thought it was a good idea to try and heckle the comedians, and kick my beer off the table. It was replaced and I was not charged for it, just so embarrassing. The Comedy Cellar, If you love great comedy and are in the city in the middle of the week... you must go here.
Planned a couple's night and headed out here for the 7pm show Sat night. It's a large space, nice set up, and several comics performed. Our only mistake was ordering dinner. Very, very bland. Should have listened to G$ and had gyros across the street! Also ordered a pitcher of sangria which was weak. But I get it, they don't want obnoxious drunks interrupting the show. How were they supposed to know I'm a respectful and mindful drunk? Side note- tiny bathrooms it was like an airplane restroom, but at least they were clean =) Comics were awesome tho and that's what really matters. They def delivered. I'd def plan on returning w/ new strategy: pregame harder and eat afterwards!
Best room in the city for comedy.  Exactly what it sounds like: a basement in Greenwich Village.  Dark. Cramped. Five comedians on the bill for one cover, two item minimum.  Great place to see a comedian that you know as 'that guy that did a bit part' on your favorite show.  At least 4 of 5 are always hysterical.  There is usually one comedian that you know and love on the bill.  Occasionally a 'big name' will show up. The only bad thing is that, even with reservations, you have to show up early and wait in line to be seated....around the corner from the club. My favorite comedy club.
This is my favorite NYC comedy club-- it has just the right number of seats to keep things boistrous without losing the intimacy of a small space, and the lineup of comics stays fresh and hilarious--I've seen Darryl Hammond, Dave Attell, Greg Giraldo and many others here and they all killed. There's just something about an unfilmed, unplanned set that keeps the humor real and spontaneous, plus the location filters out the tourist types who frequent places like Caroline's.
Comic lineups are great.  It's a really good night out in the city, and definitely a fun way to experience New York.  My only beef with this institution is their practice of including the cover charge on the food bill, thereby fooling patrons into overtipping.  Be warned when you good here... look at your bill carefully, and make sure you are only tipping on the food amount.  The same thing applies to their new Village Underground location.
"Manager/bouncer" Mert (if that's even his name) treated us so awful. It's hard to imagine such a successful comedy club hired this man. He is incredibly rude and made our experience so disappointing. We had reservations for weeks and came to NYC specifically to come to the comedy club. The man completely ruined our experience. I will not return until this man no longer works there. I have never been treated so poorly. Make sure not to talk in line or have a good time or he will say your drunk even if your sober just to kick you out!
Instead of catching a Broadway show, my girlfriends and I decided to come here for a bachelorette party.  The line outside upon entrance seemed promising! We were seated at the corner of the stage where it was somewhat dark.  Our round table was rather small and we had to make our food and drinks fit on it.  This would be my only complaint. The comedians were great!  We had our favorites of the night.  The jokes were not offensive but were drawn from various stereotypes in society. At some points, I was afraid that I'd choke on my food or spit out my drink from laughing so hard.
I go to a LOT of comedy clubs in NYC.  This one is by far the best.  It never (NEVER) disappoints.  The sets are the longest and funniest in the city.  The only downside is that it is also expensive, but well worth it.
I loved the comedians they had on, very funny! Service on our drinks were a bit slow. Overall the place is nice and it was worth the price for the tickets! I'd go back!
Their check in policy is ridiculous. After making a reservation, they let walk ups get tables ahead of us. Slip the bouncers some cash or wait in the cold.
Pros: relatively cheap tickets 2 item minimum includes bottled water, soda, food, etc multiple acts- last few were hysterical! make a reservation online Cons: get there at least 30 min before showtime make a reservation online the first few comics weren't that great it's very jam packed with people, not for the claustrophobic
This place had us wait in the freezing cold for almost an hour, with a reservation, and would not let us in.
HILARIOUS. Thank you for making me laugh so hard it hurt. You're literally sitting on top of each other in this joint, but I guess that's part of the old school charm. The acts so are really high class - and that's what really matters in a comedy club. Or cellar. Reserving on-line is super-easy, and they have shows at all times of the day and the night, so will definitely be coming back.
outstanding comedians/hosts every time, the only downside are the drinks and sardines in a can kinda seating
what can i possibly say about this place that isn't already known? i have never been to a club as intimate and bad ass as this, EVER!! its like they're performing in your living room, thats how small it is. stellar performers, great drinks and just an amazing time is to be had here!! if you are scared to be picked on, offended easily or have a stick up your bum then don't bother coming here!!! bottom line, this place is the best place in NYC and possibly the US to see A list comics. we will absolutely be back!!!
I smiled at 40% of the jokes.  I laughed out loud at 30% of the jokes.  I died at 10% of the jokes.  And 20% of the jokes just weren't funny.  $10 cover and 2 drink minimum is a great value for an 80% joke success rate over 2 hours.
Piss in your pants funny. My face hurt I laughed so hard. I've tried several comedy clubs in NYC, none compare to this one! Do not waste your time with other places!!!!! ANY day, and ANY time is a great time for this place, however, I would separate your visits so you don't hear the same jokes again.... Some are raunchy so be warned! Any dont make eye contact or you will be roped in! Anyway, back in the day this place was free if you booked online, and you could stay from open to close on the weekdays, now they kill you - $24 a person (plus 2 drink minimum) on Saturday night - about ~$80 a couple all in all. The ownership is also very much like the soup Nazi. If you're late and with a reservation - too bad you cant come in. You're a big guy and need more room - too bad you have to make due. You talk too loud, or answer a comedian - too bad you're out. Oh, and I wouldn't go to the bathroom the entire time you are there. BOTTOM LINE: BEST COMEDY in NYC - no comparison. But it is pricey, cramped and comes with strict rules which are anything but funny.
This really is a Comedy Cellar (if any of the comics were any taller they'd be scraping their heads on the ceiling). They cram everyone in like sardines but that's about standard for comedy clubs. It felt like I was at a real underground comedy club, literally and I loved it. I just wished there were fewer tourists, but that's to be expected in the city (especially in this area) I guess. I had quite the experience here (most of it good), lets get the negatives out of the way first: When I went on Tuesday the online lineup said one of the headliners that night was Nick Dipaolo (who I believe is quite funny). I even called a few hours before to check that Nick was performing and they confirmed that he was. When I went to the club Nick's name was on the white board out front. Who didn't I see perform that night? Nick Dipaolo of course. Was this a case of bait and switch, a paperwork error on someones behalf, or did Nick do too many lines to show up to the club? I don't know but was a bit disappointed. The second and incredibly awkward issue was that there's a 9pm show and an 11pm show. I came to the 9pm show. Turns out (and I don't know if this is always the case) but there is NO break, intermission, or announcement between shows, there isn't even a change in MC, it's just one continuous show. This is great if you want to get two shows for the price of one but I wasn't prepared to spend that many hours watching stand up and I had somewhere to be. I had to wait at the end of one of the comics sets (around 11:20 or so) and get my stuff and leave (meanwhile the host is already up on stage telling jokes and talking to the audience). I wasn't the only one on this boat because a bunch of other people were leaving too and the host said something to the effect of "you guys must have been here since the beginning". I just thought this was pretty weird and could have been a lot more awkward had me and my date been the only ones leaving and the host been a little bit more into picking on people. So as far as why I still gave the Comedy Cellar 4 stars: Sun-Thur you're able to sign up on the Comedy Cellar's website to be emailed a free admission pass (4people max) to any of their non special event shows. They're still a 2 item minimum and a 20% tip included with your bill but that's not bad (especially when beer here is only $5/pint). The other two headliners for the 9pm show were Colin Quinn and Daryl Hannah (among 6 other fantastically hilarious seasoned comics). I thought this must have been a bait and switch especially because I got the free ticket but they really did show up and were amazing. These people usually bring in $30 or so each for their shows and I couldn't believe it.
Had a wonderful time here! First time visiting New York and decided on some laughs to help enjoy the beauty of the city. Went to the 10 o'clock show which were seated promptly, hardly any wait. Dave Attel made an appearance that night which was lovely. The only thing I didn't like is the cocktail servers attitudes. A few were extremely pushy and annoying about ordering, look bitch I've already ordered two drinks and frankly your pissing me off while I'm trying to enjoy some comedy so buzz off. I didn't actually say it, but that's how my little black heart felt. All in all good experience and will be glad to come here again!
Twelve years later and this is still one of my favorite places in all of NYC.  Once you come to the Comedy Cellar all other comedy clubs will pale in comparison.  If you are easily offended or do not like filthy jokes, then I recommend steering clear of this basement establishment.  I don't think I've ever had an evening I didn't enjoy here and everyone I've ever taken here has laughed their ass off.
Nice, small and intimate.  Definitely the best comedy club I have been to(well I had only been to one other).  The comedians for the most part were funny.  Definitely had the crowd going.  It was a real friendly atmosphere.  Although the waitlist online was filled up, we managed to get last minute seats 1/2 hour before the show. Aziz Ansari was a guest performer!  Made my night.  I love Parks and Rec.  Without his appearance i would think it was a decent value but because he showed up it was a great value.   Tip:there is usually an entrance fee and definitely a 2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend some money.
This is one of my favorite haunts from back in the day in college and I still manage to take visiting friends for comedy from big names and an excuse to eat at the Olive Tree upstairs before the show.  I have seen so many world-class comedians here that if they weren't famous then, are all over TV now.  The place is itty-bitty and they cram you in, so don't expect comfort.  Also, because everyone is piled in close to the comedians, you'll easily be roasted if you act like an ass or god-forbid are dumb enough to heckle the comedians.  Go with a good attitude, ready to laugh until it hurts, and maybe even go still tipsy from wherever you were before you got there.  But don't be a dick.  No one likes that.  And yes, the comedians are pros and can handle the occasional douche bag that wants to start something.  But it's a lot funnier when you let them tell their jokes.  Which is pretty much what you paid for. Definitely try to make a reservation online beforehand - I feel like the Cellar gets a lot more play now (hell, it's on the intro of Louie every episode) even though it has been popular for decades.   So many great memories of this place - can't recommend it highly enough.
Where else can you see some of the hottest up and coming comics along side established stars? Comedy Cellar. This place has been around forever and many of the greats have passed through. Many still come by to do a set or two while working on new material. Get here early and make reservations, this place is tiny and gets packed. Also, Sun-Thurs, you can get free cover (with a 2 item per person minimum purchase) from their website. This is an excellent value!
Hate to give it poor stars but this place is just a bit claustrophobic to me. The back of my chair faced the stage and I had to turn around to see the performer. Other than that I've seen great shows here but I'd rather go to places less of a fire hazard.
Tonight I had the worst consumer experience of my life. The Comedy Cellar rivals Comcast in customer service - they are too cocky to care about you. I made a reservation for my birthday for 8 people. My good friend made a reservation for 5 people. When we arrived, they said that they could only honor one reservation because "we knew each other." I asked if I randomly knew someone in line if that would void my reservation, they said yes. We knew we weren't going to be able to sit together because no groups over 8 are allowed, but we were all hoping to all see the same comedy show and meet up afterwards for a drink. The manager of the comedy show would not allow this because we "knew each other." She was extremely rude and unaccommodating. I was very disappointed as I was bringing the company a lot of business and was excited to see the show for my birthday.
Best bang for your buck in NYC - great to be able to support live standup and not break the bank. We come here periodically when we have friends in town and people are always blown away by how much fun it is. As so many others have said, big names do drop by. But even if they don't, all of the acts are great, and often the people you don't recognize end up being the funniest of the night. Come here ready to have a good time though, it annoys me to sit next to blank-eyed non-laughing people. The seating arrangements are really uncomfortable. I've never had a table where I wasn't craning my neck sideways or crammed into some corner or up in some other party's business. Also, it's a mad rush to get out at the end, try to close out your tab before the show ends. The wings are pretty good!
I've been to a few Comedy Club in California. This one is quite comparable but more intimate. Surprisingly the Kebab Chicken is really good. Perfect Saturday night. Romantic or Friends. I love this place. Will be back a lot....soon.
Yes, it does indeed depend on who you see, but the food and drinks are consistently ok.  Some nights, you'll get lucky and a semi-famous comic will show up, other nights you get stuck with that loser from 30 Rock (you know who you are, and you are NOT funny) and the energy just drains from the room. The listing of who will be there at each show is a suggestion, so expect the unexpected.
HILARIOUS.  And not in that cheesy-fun-tourists-seem-to-dig sort of way.  This place is FUNNY no matter where you live. I would come back without hesitation. Frequently. Minus 1 star because of the crazy long line to get in, even WITH reservations.  Not cool in January.  But yes, it's so funny that even with the line, it's an easy 5 stars.
Following my outing to the Comedy Cellar last night, I am at a loss for words.  The only thing I can say is that it was...demoralizing.   I came here a couple of times about ten to fifteen years ago and while the shows were sometimes uneven you could count on at least a couple of comics being totally spot on. Judging by the show that we saw, things have deteriorated vastly since then.  As we were ushered to our cramped table shared by a young student and her mother, my friend remarked that he hoped the emcee would not start his routine with "where are you guys all from?"  Sure enough, that was the opening line.   This emcee railed on and on insulting the audience and being incredibly foul mouthed.  Not that I have any moral problem with being foul mouthed, but there should be a comedic point? I remember the Comedy Cellar used to rely on cheap sexual laughs once in a while before, but this now seems to have become the rule.  One comic had a shtick about a gigantic dildo and went on and on about vaginas for ten minutes.   After four comics we couldn't take it anymore.  As we got up to leave the bouncer wouldn't let us out the door until the waiter had counted our money on the table.   Exiting the front door, the emcee said goodbye to me and I didn't say anything back.  "Is he angry with me?" he asked my friend, apparently oblivious as to why we would want to leave so early in the evening. Maybe this crude, vulgar and insulting type of humor appeals to a certain segment of the population at this point and indeed I did see some people laugh.  Maybe I am out of the mainstream.
This is a cool date spot in the West Village - but skip the magic tricks!  Here's why: PROCESS: Get there 45min early (even on a Tuesday), to do standby.  You can do advance purchase and have no problem.  Whilst in line, you may just see Godfried or another comedian roaming the streets.  If you're on standby, drink across the bar and then return hoping to hear your name get called to go in. SEATING: They don't have people stand (looking discerningly at you, UCB!).  The seating is spaced tight but okay.  There are menus floating around for ordering your MANDATORY two items. PRICE: for $15 a person, it's a great deal.  We had over 2 hours of comedy, and it was mostly great (2 dudes were terrible).  A pitcher of Bud is cheap cheap and we were not charged full menu price - always a pro. Magic?  I love magic.  The only exception to this is when a "magician" aka old man with a hobby) forces his card tricks and then demands a 'tip' of precisely $5.  Um, excuse me.  A tip is not mandatory when I did not want your magic.  On top of that, we solved his 'trick' within minutes, so that was lame-o.  This dude is ALWAYS roaming Macdougal and finds his home around the CC. OVERALL: I'll be here again with friends - it was a fun time!
Minus 3 stars for a dishonest gratuity policy that tries to sneak two things by you (watch out!): 1) the "suggested gratuity" is included in the total, but is listed above the total in such a way that you could easily think the gratuity is not included and tip way too much, and 2) they include not just the food and drinks but also the cover charge ($10 each) in the gratuity calculation.  Why?  They don't base tax on the cover charge, so why should they base the gratuity on it?  Like the tax, a  gratuity for service should be based on food and drinks only, not on the cover charge.   I have nothing against paying a good tip (and I was, in fact, inclined to do so before discovering these tricks) but slick, used-car dealer antics like this really sour my impression of a place.  And the comedy was not good enough to make up for it.   I guess the last joke at Comedy Cellar is on the customer.
This is the place to be! The lineup was absolutely hysterical. I never stopped laughing Part of the lineup was Nikki from Nikki and Sara live came - shes 1000x funnier doing stand up than tv. Our special guest for the night was Dave Chappelle!!!! - who literally went on for about an hour. What was great about his performance was that even though he went over his allowed time, that gave us an extra hour to hang out in the Comedy Cellar because they had to get through the rest of their comedian lineup! We went in around 12:15 and didn't get out until 3am! As with any comedy club, 2 item minimum - but you can literally solve this by getting a desert and a hot chocolate which combined came out to $6 (but i definitely suggest getting drinks). MAKE RESERVATIONS ON THEIR WEBSITE OR YOU CAN'T GET IN!!
Oh dear, oh my....  This was so much damn fun.  Saw Judah Friedlander perform; no surprise guests though.  Yes, the seating is very intimate.  The recurring joke among the patrons, with whom you inevitably converse with, is that, if there's a fire, we're all dead.  Fire regulations aside, I preferred the elbow-to-elbow seating.  But, if that makes you uncomfortable, you're enjoyment of the comics may be affected.   **I feel that I should definitely mention, above all else, that it's wise to make reservations, even same-day.  It's simple (no printing; show your IDs and tell the bouncer what name you reserved under), it ensures you get in, and you get to skip the long stand-by line.  So, if you do make reservations, be sure not to wait in the stand-by line which, when I went, was wrapped around the building.  There should be a shorter line around front that corrals the reserved.   2-drink minimum. The food/drink prices are just at the threshold of being intolerable, but the cover charge is so low (about $12 per person for an 8pm show on a Thursday) that I didn't mind at all.     Be sure to take a leak before the show!  One bathroom, to get to which you must traverse a maze of tables and chairs and waiters; and, of course, if you get up during a performance, you will almost definitely be ferreted out for commentary by the comic.
I came here for the first time a few years ago, when Jerry Seinfeld made a surprise appearance which totally made my trip. On a few other visits to NYC, I've been sucked in by  "free" comedy show tickets from Times Square pushers, and each time I have been sorely disappointed. So of course, on my most recent visit when my West Coast friend said she wanted to check out a comedy club, there was no question we'd hit up the Comedy Cellar. We found a special on their website for free seats (they're only $10-$14 anyway, plus 2 drink minimum) and reserved a couple for their late night Nasty Show at 11:30. The staff weren't happy at all that we hadn't printed out our reservation, even when my friend explained that we were visiting from out of town and staying at a hotel. There weren't any really big names, and two of the comedians were only so-so, but others had me falling out of my seat with laughter. Not that we were coming for food, but I guess that late at night they only serve drinks, and really they're not even all that expensive, mostly around $7 - $9. That night, I found out that I like Banana White Russians, and had two. Most seats are good enough, but I will echo others in suggesting that it's better to arrive early and snag something up front, especially if you like being heckled.
I laughed by ass off!  Been to a few comedy clubs in N.Y.  I had the best time here.  It's small and cozy and the entertainment is unbeatable.  We stayed around after the show and the staff was super cool.
I went here last night and had a great time. There was a giant line outside to get our IDs checked but it went amazingly quickly. We were sat all the way in the back corner, but the venue is so small and intimate that you never feel like you're far away from the action. The comedians were all hilarious; it was such a fun show! The drink prices were far less than what I expected, which was awesome. I got a glass of wine for $7. The waiter was quick and attentive; I think he came over to us about 4 times throughout the show. Overall, it was an awesome experience and I would definitely go back.
I've been coming to the Comedy Cellar for years and it's NEVER disappointing!  I was just there a few weeks ago and, as usual, saw some great talent.   I loved the Ozzie they had performing that eve in particular: James Smith.  Other great peeps I've seen here: Dave Attell, Dov Davidoff, and multiple others I'm forgetting the names of...this is place is always so funny I practically pee my pants laughing (I think I actually did on one occasion!)  I actually make special trips to NYC for it, and I can't wait to go back!  Tix are like $18 for a Sat eve show (I think it's a 2 item minimum) and the food/drinks at the club are just fine.  It's a bit claustrophobic but every good comedy club I've been to is somewhat...
This is my favorite comedy club in NYC for a couple of reasons. Obviously they have a great lineup of comics, but a few things here make the place special. First, BIG name comics (Chappelle, Chris Rock, Seinfeld, etc.) will periodically drop-in here unannounced to do an impromptu set. If you're fortunate enough to be here during one of these moments, thank your lucky stars (I was at a show once when Chappelle dropped in...amazing). Second - the DEAL. They have a great deal through their website where you get free admission Sun. - Thurs. (2 drink minimum). It's one of the best deals out there.
Raunchy, edgy, tongue in cheek, fun place to bring out of town friends for some late night laughs. 2 drink minimum. Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock have been known to pop in late to try out some "test" jokes. Beware that acts can cancel at the last minute (ahem Judah Freidlander this past weekend). Dave Attel is always great  - a staple that has been appearing (with new jokes) for the past few years.
YO, YOU LIKE COMEDY? the Cellar great standup comedy club that I've been meaning to check out for ages and finally checked out for my buddy's birthday. wow, what an awesome joint I've been missing out on! they even have the stereotypical brick wall for the standup performers! there's a few rules you have to abide by here. you have to make reservations ahead of time to guarantee a seat. group reservations can only by 8 or less people. absolutely NO cell phone use during the show. two item (drinks or food) minimum. there's a cover of about $20-25 per person. if you sit in the front, you're fair game for jokes at your expense. that being said, the comics they bring in are generally good. I recognized quite a few faces on the Cellar's wall of photos of performers that I had run A/V tech for back when they performed on the college circuit. our MC was great, there were a few average performers, and 1 really funny dude (Sherrod Small). supposedly some other big names have been known to swing by. it's a pretty big place, but fairly packed with a ton of tables and seats. surprisingly comfortable, though. no one's elbow is gonna be in your face. the two-item minimum is for food or drinks. I had an alcoholic coffee drink - I think it was espresso and sambuca - which was DELICIOUS. a fairly strong gin and tonic in a tall glass was also quite tasty. drinks aren't too expensive - the ones I ordered were all around 7 bucks. definitely gonna check this place out again.
I can't think of a better place for comedy. A tiny, cramped basement where up and coming acts, as well as A list superstars perform. You never know who'll show up, Louis CK dropped in during the show I attended. Make sure you make reservations.
I would love to give this place 5 stars. Been coming here for a long time. Last January I started to come every other Monday with my boyfriend. It was a different day for us than the rest because we work the weekends and this was like our Saturday night. You come to the restaurant the martini list is so fun and the wings are AMAZING probably one of the best I've had. We've grown to learn the comedians and over time learned the same ones are there all the time. So not to drag on Ardie the host is hilarious. Some individual comedians have amazing talent too but the point to my 3 stars are some comedians that after a whole year have NOT CHANGED THEIR GIG. We went to the boat ride last year and after a promise of "flying a comedian in specifically for this cruise" no one but the same usual comedians showed up. Why after a whole year off coming for delicious food and laughter would we have to hear the SAME JOKES. are you serious this is your career and you are telling the same jokes night after night. I'm sorry but this place has so much potential but get some new comedians and if not require your comics to get some new material. Just came tonight and after not attending your show since last August I knew half the comedians jokes by heart. Seriously? If your actually a funny person and this is your dream the material should keep flowing. We have had some great experiences. Saw Chris rock,Dave Chappelle,Sherri Shepard, Aziz ansari, Jeff Ross and many more. Would love to come back again but we can't because the comedians do not change their material. There are many tourists and first timers but I could be funny too if I had a year to come up with 15 minutes and never changed it. Ahem Dan Soder and more...../
Probably one of my favorite places on earth! the comedians are always hilarious  and recognizable from TV.  No matter what seat you have the house your no more than 20 feet from the comedians. HUGE HUGE fan
Best spot!!!! I always bring visitors here - so much fun. You have to make reservations online, but it doesn't cost anything. Don't show up late or they'll give away your spot - or you'll have a terrible seat.
Love this place, always have a good time here! A great place to take out of town guests, no cover if you reserve in advance, just have purchase 2 menu items (not that expensive either).  I have been going here at least a couple times a year for the last 4 years and always had a blast. Bring friends and be prepared to be a butt of joke!
The comedian are usually great, and it's a fun crowd. They do pack you in there pretty tight, that place must be a fire marshal's nightmare. That also have a two item minimum, so be prepared to drop $15-$20 on top of your cover.
This is def one of the best comedy clubs in NYC.  Make sure you get tickets before you go, if you don't you'll have to wait on the no ticket line and mostly likely you won't get in.  They have famous comedians that will make you laugh your ass off. The down fall to any comedy club is usually you're on top of people while sitting, but if you don't mind then it's worth it.  It's also in a great spot in Manhattan, lots of lounges and restaurants around.  It's a great night out.
The good:  Entertainment was funny, and this is just a great section of town.  Lots of charm, cool little shops, and you feel safe.     The bad:  Well, it's not all that bad at all.  The place is very small, but that gives it a sense of intimacy.  We were definitely crammed in and elbow to elbow with others.  (it was a Saturday night).     Summary:  If you are going to a comedy club, go to the Comedy Cellar. You will have a good time.  Don't forget to make reservations or you will be left out!
Best place to see Comedy in NYC.
Hands down one of the best comedy clubs in NYC, and thus, the U.S. Many great comedians got started here and still appear to work out material: Louis CK, Chris Rock, Dave Chappelle, Todd Barry, Amy Schumer, Dave Attell, Colin Quinn, Ray Romano. Most big names in the stand up comedy world rolled through and paid their dues with the infamous brick wall and stained glass Comedy Cellar sign behind them. The place really is tiny and cellar-like, so make reservations or get there early!
Fun way to spend a Thursday night with friends. We got the free pass off their website and split the cost of 2 tix (there were 6 of us). Its a 2 item minimum so we all pretty much got food and a drink. Good line up, it was a bunch of comedians that are jay leno/conan/letterman regulars. I especially LOVED Tom Papa, if you see him in the line up GO! You will not be disappointed! Food and drinks were pretty good, as was the service. Plus it only takes a few mins (on the subway) to get to Magnolia for a cupcake after the show!
Amazing place! Made reservation for 8 people a few weeks ahead for a saturday night. They were so nice! Didn't have to stand in lines. Service was great. Comedian's were funny. Special guest star was CHRIS ROCK!!! for $24 and two drinks, if I lived in NY I would go every weekend!!!!
I love to laugh. For those who like that kind of thing and find it enjoyable, this is a great place. They had a good lineup the night we went. I tried to make a same-day reservation but they were booked. We ended up waiting in the long standby line and almost didn't make it in. It was worth waiting. Loved it.
The Cellar is small but an awesome place to see comedy--very intimate.  Especially if you can go on a Monday or Tuesday--you'll get to see about 6 comics at the top of their game for like $12.  The prices for beers are not outrageous for NYC either.  I usually don't eat there but the food comes from the restaurant above Olive Tree.  It's really a great place if you want to see some of the most creative, funny, comedians on the circuit today.  Ardie Fuqua is a great host and will take pictures with many of the guests after the shows--an all around great time if you can go.
Okay I have to write a review because it is frustrating to read some of the ignorant reviews below. You can refer to other reviews that rave about how great the shows are here...they are all dead on! Yes, people, like myself, grew up going to the cellar because it was the best activity to do in the city before turning 21. Now, however, they always check IDs, so dont bother going if you arent of age. For those that say the staff and/or comics are rude, you are being ridiculous. If you got picked on by the comedians then, as they warn, that is likely what other people think about you. Sorry if that is hurtful, but it is NOT the fault of the observers. If the staff was a little short it was likely because you did not follow protocol, like you showed up late, didnt have a reservation, or made too much noise which is distracting to EVERYONE. Honestly, this is THE BEST comedy club in manhattan, hands down. I say it because I have been to them all! If you want to laugh all night but not stay home, this is the place for you!
Yes, there's comedy and yes, it's in a cellar; however, it's also one of the most fun ways to spend an evening. Whether you live in NY or are just here for a visit, this place should be at the top of your 'bucket-list' places to go here. Everyone always epitomizes Caroline's as 'the comedy place of NYC' but let's face it, even if you're a tourist, 15 minutes in Time Square is more than enough for anyone with a normal level of tolerance. CC is one of those fantastic little dives that you find to be the diamond in the rough. It's tiny and cramped and if there's less than 4 of you, expect to be sitting with others. Hey- new friends never hurt anyone, right? Besides, you're all there to have some laughs anyway. I've been going for 8 years. Dave Attell is a regular comedian you can expect to see here on a weekly basis and before his unfortunate death not long ago, so was Greg Giraldo. There is no food service in the club itself but there is a restaurant upstairs and tons of others in the Village. The service is quite fast and you are frequently checked on, so in other words you don't have to worry about signaling for another drink which could very well land you as the topic of the next bit entitled "Why You Need To Be Made Fun Of". If you're considering going to CC, here's a few helpful suggestions i've learned over the years: 1. Don't be late - that is unless you don't mind getting completely ripped apart. 2. Don't sit right in front of the stage - that is unless you don't mind getting completely ripped apart. Oh, and one last thing: As i mentioned it's not the biggst place and seating fills up fast. Save the trouble of waiting on line and risking the possibility of not getting in and make a reservation at their website. It's fast, free, and sometimes saves you up to 50% off. comedycellar.com
How can you not say it's the best in the city? Best comics, best environment, can't ever say I've had a bad time here.
People. For Pete's sake, stop coming to comedy shows with your parents. It's going to get raunchy. It's just how it is. And you're actually making ME uncomfortable as you sit there at the next table, pretending not to know what an Abe Lincoln is, or feigning confusion at the comic's vivid description of whatever depraved acts he performs on his toy poodle. It doesn't matter if you're all adults now, you and Mom can never share a laugh about blowjobs. So leave your parents at home, so you can let loose and thoroughly enjoy all the quality acts they book here. In addition to bringing in good comics, the Comedy Cellar very clearly cares about the quality of the show, and the overall enjoyment of EVERYONE. Most comedy clubs are just trying to get you in the door so they can sell you crappy, overpriced drinks. However, the Cellar will actually not only limit the size of your party (so you don't disturb everyone else), but they also have a three drink MAXIMUM to keep you from getting too rowdy. Because let's be honest, you're a complete asshole when you've been drinking. Shockingly enough, the drinks are very reasonably priced for a captive audience (and I hear the food is decent too). You should know that last time, I ordered something called a "French Chocolate," because I'm a real man. And maybe it's because I was all hopped up on hot chocolate and brandy, but Jessica Kirson rocked my world. She had me crying. Check her out.
This place is hands down the best comedy club in New York.  I don't think I've ever laughed so hard.  It's a little pricey with both a cover and paying for two drinks but it's well worth it.  When we came they put us at a table with a bunch of NYU kids.  I was sitting next to this guy that had a band aid on the funniest spot on his forehead.  I asked him how he got it, and he wouldn't answer.  Ever time I glanced over I couldn't help but smirk.
Never made it inside. The people working the door seemingly picked our group at random to give away our reservations to another party. Then insulted us even further by telling us it was because we were too intoxicated to drink inside...ironic since the manager wanted us to instead go to another one of their establishments. Wait...if we were so intoxicated why would you want us in any of your clubs?!? It was probably the worst "night out" experience of my life. My fiancee did a TON of work organizing this surprise for my birthday with my friends. To have the night end in this manner was unacceptable, embarrassing and REALLY disappointing. After speaking with the owner we were informed that It does him no good to have unhappy customers, yet he made no concession to make us either happy or a customer. Honestly I've never given someone 1 star on any review on any site but it was well desereved...I feel terrible for the owner that his staff has such an uncaring, give a damn less attitude. Funny thing was one of our party members has been there over 10 times and other party members had never been there. Probably the worst two types of customers to publicly embarrass and single out. Many people in line and even a doorman at the adjacent bar commented how poorly we were being treated....especially as a patron on line fell flat on her face in front of everyone yet was let in with smiles...as to say to our group "we have power" "there is nothing you can do, now walk away you lost". Its one of those experiences that you will continue to talk about with everyone you know for a long time just to make yourself feel better.
This place is awesome. Every time I've gone I've laughed until my face hurt. You absolutely cannot beat it for a good laugh. That being said.... since when did the weekend cover go up to 18$ + 2 menu items?
Comedy Cellar is another reason why NYC is the best place on earth.   It's almost ridiculous how much comedic talent this place rolls out for what they charge.   Last night (a Wednesday) my cousin and I dropped $12 apiece to sit front row and allow Jim Norton, Judah Friedlander (30 Rock) and Amy Schumer to rip stitches in our stomachs for two full hours.   Seriously, where else can you get access to performers at the top of their game on a Wednesday night for two-thirds the cost of an NYC rooftop martini?   Word of warning to those who have never been to a comedy show before: if you sit close to the stage, you are COMPLETELY fair game for abuse.  (I'm pretty sure I was referred to as "Brokeback Millionaire" at one point...)  So be cool, play along, and enjoy a few laughs at your expense. Here's tips on how to maximize your experience: - Make a reservation at comedycellar.com - Show up at least 30 minutes before show time to land a primo seat - Take a first date here and embrace the awkwardness when the comedian starts probing about your historical sexual performances - Go with a same sex friend/cousin and have your sexuality questioned all evening - Channel your inner Louis CK and take the subway to West 4th, bang a left down Bleecker, slam a slice at Ben's Pizza and bang another right onto MacDougal: youtube.com/watch?v=IhHc… Good to knows: - Two drink minimum per person - If you're claustrophobic, this place ain't for you.  It's situated underground and you're packed up like sardines. - You never know who may make a guest appearance on stage...
Last Friday we saw a great 8 pm show with an MC who had no trouble at all getting the audience in the right mood within seconds. Make reservations but be prepared. It's a small place and they fill it up until you almost sit on top of your neighbors.
AMAZING experience. Waiting outside in the rain sucked but once you get downstairs, order your drinks and just have a blast! Every single comedian rocked it and the surprise guest ended up being Jeffrey Ross and John Mayer. I couldn't stop laughing and crying! Make reservations or you won't get in! The bathrooms are tinnyyy but clean.  Make sure to tip your waiters!
The best thing about living in New York City is access to comedy.  I've camped out for SNL twice and while it was worth it, it was unpleasent.  Being a poor college graduate, I don't make it to comedy clubs very often, but when I do I want it to be worth it. In the past few months I have gone to Dangerfield's, Stand Up NY, and as of last night Comedy Cellar. The other two can not even compare. This was the first time I actually enjoyed an mc (this could also be because I was safe from heckling at a back table). The line-up was incredible. John Mulaney. JOHN MULANEY! I'd be lying if I said that's not why I chose to come that night, little did I know how absolutely hysterical Amy Shumer, Phil Hanley, Greer Barnes, Chris DeStefano, and Neal Brennar are. I am concerned that the people next to me missed half the jokes because I was laughing so uncontrollably. We got there about forty minutes early and it was fine.  I maybe would have gotten there earlier for better seats, but I like to be up close and personal, and could see just fine from where I was. Comedy aside, our server was very friendly and the drinks were both good and reasonably priced. None of that $12 water downed stuff they serve you at other comedy clubs. The one glitch is that I prefer when checks are given out during the final comedians only because I have work in morning and would have liked to be able to get out of there a little faster. I am sure to be back. Maybe even this week.
IMO the best comedy club in town! Went here on a random Fri night, the line up was solid, we laughed our asses off. And they had a special guest appearance by Chris Rock... nbd
The most fun comedy club ive been to yet. a fan of louis ck, jezelnik, giraldo and other comics who call this club home i was stoked to find a good line up the week i was there. A fan of stand up comedy id heard about the Cellar many times and was stoked to finally go inside. Its a tiiiiny club. we were in line for the show early enough that we got to sit in the front row (oh man...here it comes) and its the most cramped sections of the club. basically be friendly with your neighbor because youre going to basically be arm to arm the whole time. I wanted the NYC underground comedy experience and def found it at the Cellar. will be back next time im in manhattan. bonus: Anthony Jezelnik showed up and did 15 mins before the headliner!!
I came here on a sunday night with my boyfriend. I made reservations just in case, I was glad I did because the show ended up being completely booked. On sun-thurs night you can get free cover online under "special offers" on their website. I highly recommend doing so... The comedians were hit or miss. Some were very funny, others went too far with their jokes to the point of no longer being funny, but downright offensive (I think everyone was feeling awkward). Basically, do come on a weekday (get free cover) and make a reservation.  Do not bring parents. Do not sit in the front (unless your into that kind of attention). Oh and arrive early for your reservation so you can help pick your seat. We sat in the second row and it was ideal. Still near the action, but not in it. The best was the couple sitting by the stage visiting each other from out of town...they were divorced...the jokes wrote themselves. Fun night out  for a date or with buddies. Wouldn't mind doing it again.
Hilariously awesome! I have been here four times and had a great time each visit. The highlight of course was sitting dead center in the front and getting made fun of my Louis CK because I was drinking sangria. This place is small so be prepared for a very intimate evening. But you can't beat 5 or 6 top notch comedians in 2 hours for just $20!
"Do you want to sit in the front row?" God, no. How stupid do we look? Here's the deal: we came to enjoy the show. We weren't particularly in the mood to get called out and visually assessed by a parade of comics. But, if you're down please do it. The tables in front are the roomiest in the whole damn tiny place. And, the people up front seemed to enjoy their evening the most. We were seated off to the side of the stage, but called out nonetheless. "What's up man? I didn't know it was ugly sweater night!" hahahahahahahaha My fiancee has a sense of humor. If you DON'T have a sense of humor, then don't come. Or at least, don't sit in the front row. You WILL get f-ed with. It's inevitable. No biggie. We came for a 10 pm show. My ID was expired, and I was concerned they'd be difficult and not let me in. I called ahead, and they noted the situation so that when I arrived they let me through without a problem. I appreciate businesses that go the extra mile. Five comedians were scheduled to perform. Eight comedians actually took the stage. Including Jeff Ross. And then, John Mayer got on stage with him. That's right, John FREAKING Mayer got up on stage with him, and even told a couple of jokes. The thing is, of the eight comedians, we only really enjoyed three. The others weren't very funny, at least not to us. Honestly, I enjoyed the guy who introduced all the comedians and came on in between sets the most. But, it was a Monday night and it likely wasn't their strongest lineup. The space is less the size of a comedy club, and more like a large closet. It's small as hell. Best to come in a group so you can feel comfortable in such close quarters with people you know. We were shoved in between two couples and it was so tight that we couldn't even get up to go to the bathroom. On a positive note, there are no "bad seats". It being as small as it is, everybody is pretty close to the stage. Make reservations. And go online and try to get a voucher so you don't have to pay the cover charge. That's what I did. We shared a pitcher of sangria (subpar) and had the cover charge removed from our bill. The show ended up being over 3 hours and I paid under $25 for the evening.
You should go here just off thier reputation and the quality of acts they have lined up in their past. I went there this past new years and it was great. Got to see one of my favorite comics and Comedy Cellar regular, Dave Attell. Be warned, the venue is initimate and my intimate I mean small as hell. You will definitely be crammed in there but that just gives you better odds on being picked on by one of the comedians. Its hilarious though. The tab (cover and two item minimum) came up to $75. Saw the late show at 12:45am and it was a Holiday special show so a regular showing should be cheaper. Definitely go check out the Comedy Cellar, its worth it. Word of advice: go early or RSVP online.
You've probably seen more of this place than you realize, especially if you've come across the opening montage of FX's Louie, and on the night we stopped in, there were six comics machine-gunning through a comedic array of material: the joint's laid out (more or less) sideways, which means that though the room plays wide, it tends to play pretty close to the stage throughout. We got in line early enough that we were able to score two seats at the front right of the stage, prime viewing for the show to come. Worth mentioning that I really dug the more comics doing shorter sets approach that Comedy Cellar took this night: if for some reason you weren't into whoever was up, just give it a few and they'd bring someone else in. Also, the host got progressively drunker offstage throughout, so more breaks is better if a) you're the host and you need a bathroom break or b) you're in the audience and get a huge kick out of watching a man progressively care less about being onstage. I was in the latter group. All told, there wasn't a national touring headliner this night, which was a (very slight) bummer, but I really got into about 75% of the material happening onstage. Recommended that you arrive super early (we queued up about an hour out), and it's a two-item minimum (which I think may be an upgrade for some who don't want to pound cocktails), and there was little doubt it was a fun room with lots going on. You do get the impression that this is a favored spot among the local comedy scene, so I'd be back in a pinch. But this time out? Definitely worth the punchlines.
Staff are awful. Truly awful. We were rudely told we couldn't enter so we booked the next day. The next day (today), despite having a booking for 4, only 3 could enter (we were separated). I was flatly denied entry despite my friends already being inside and seated. I even pointed them out, still no go. I was then told to wait upstairs in the bar 'coz there's only 20 /30 mins left'. (I was wearing a collar and sober). An hour and a half later the show was still going and I was waiting outside. Having travelled across the world to be treated so badly was truly awful. The list guy doorman and primary bouncer are an embarrassment to New York (a wonderful city), all customers are treated like unwanted cattle and I would advise going anywhere else at all costs. Every step of the process was our worst process in New York. I'm sure on better days things would be better but don't bet on it. Really really unpleasant.
I have never been to a comedy club in the city before because if it isn't somebody famous or I didn't know the name I didn't know if the place would be good. Sounds fair right? I actually came here with a group of friends on Christmas Eve just for the heck of it. We got tickets early so all we had to do was wait for the first show's pple to leave then we could go in. First impression of the place was damn this place is small! Everyone is jam packed together and even the tables were squeezed closer to each other. I had to get a 8 person table and when I sat I was literally touching my friend's knee and the stranger's thigh who was sitting next to me. Sorta an awkward moment but... I suggest you get up to go to the restrooms way before the show starts or the comedians will make fun of you or it will be hectic to get back to your seat later on. Onwards to the comedians. My favorite would be the MC, Ardie Fuqua! Look him up, he's on Comedy Cellar's website. He's pretty much the starter of the show and he comes back in after each comedian and then he closes the show. This guy is awesome! He makes fun of random pple in the audience and just throws random jokes out there and he managed to make me laugh until I cried, and that was the best feeling ever! He's such a sweetheart too, he'll wait outside after the show and if you wanna take pictures with him you could. He also sticks around to talk to you if you want to after the show. Great guy! We had a whole lineup of comedians that night, must be around like 8 or 9, I don't remember exactly but it seemed like the list never ends. Our guest star for the night was Sarah Silverman lol. I didn't know who she was but everyone went like OOOOHHH so I guess she's.. really.. famous..? Anyways, every comedian was doing their own thing, but most of the jokes were either racist or sexist or about sex with some other stuff thrown in there so please be mature about it! The plus side is that each comedian had at least one big joke or line of the night so you'll be laughing your ass off the entire night. Another plus about this place is that the drinks are pretty decently priced. You have to order a 2 drink minimum for each person, but they had a wide selection of drinks to choose from so you can't go wrong. They also got appetizers but I didn't get to try any.. I ordered a pina colada both times for my drinks and they are delicious and the glass is huge! I would definitely go back for some laughs and for the yummy drinks, but basic common sense tells me don't go too often because they prolly recycle jokes. I think I'll prolly head back after a few months or so and get a group going again. Great way to have a great night with your friends. Who doesn't like humor??? A+ for great comedians, an awesome audience who didn't mind getting made fun of, and yummy pina coladas! EXCELLENT WORK!!!
An absolutely first-rate comedy joint -- 'nuff said.
This place it just...tops.  Best comedy club, ever. If he doesn't get enough credit already, Ardie Fuqua is THE best host of any comedy club i've ever been to, and that title shall not fall until I go back to The CC and he tops himself with more over the top material. A comedy club with a host is that good -- that speaks volumes about the talent that passes though this place.  As many other Yelpers have mentioned, you have a chance of running into some insanely funny people, including, but not definitely limited to, Jim Gaffigan, Judah Friedlander, Jerry Seinfeld...etc.  This a good place for them to casually show up and try some new material.  But even if you don't recognize the comedians right away, you will laugh -- and laugh hard.  I've been to a few shows and have absolutely never been disappointed at anyone that has graced that stage. Tickets are very reasonable, drinks are good (so i don't mind hitting that 2 drink minimum), and after the show Ardie will take pictures with you and post them on Facebook later that night. It's in a basement, so if you're not good with tight spaces you might have issues here.  Other than that -- there is no reason not to go.  Unless you forgot to make reservations.  So do that first.
Regularly has A list comedians performing or hanging out in the Olive Tree Cafe. When I went Aziz Ansari and Chris Rock performed as a surprise, not on the lineup. I also saw Jim Norton upstairs. A reservation is a must.
The drinks are not good, the cellar smells like ass, the bathroom space makes me feel uneasy, and the logistics of getting in and out can be a bit annoying, but somehow I've honestly had a great time the two times I've been! The comics are quite good (although Colin Quinn just whined about fat and old -- and hey, I guess he's just fat and old now), and you are pretty sure to recognize a name more times than not (saw Dave Attell last night), including plenty of folks doing HBO, Comedy Central, or Best Week Ever.  The MC is pretty durn funny too generally. All in all, if I can have a great time in spite of all those negatives, it's worth a visit!
a snug little club with great shows (the man with the guitar should not be missed). my every visit was a good 90 minutes of neurons firing; laughter trickling down my face all the way into the bladder, which invariably made me wish there were built-in peeing bowls in the seats. sometimes chuckles folded into a snort, shooting out straight from my nose. as the night wedged in and after a few drinks it could get exponentially worse. if you don't like to be teased, refrain from one or all of the following instances: arm around your date; laughing when no one else is; disclosing your real job; looking indian. if you do, sit in the front row and fly high. just make sure when their funny wands do point in your direction, you face is not entirely engulfed by the falafel. make a reservation early on, the lines are long on fridays and saturdays.
The Comedy Cellar is frigging awesome. Now listen, I haven't been to many other comedy clubs so I don't have much to compare it to, but I was in hysterics all night. I came to NYC to visit my dear friend Liz, and we headed to the Cellar soon after I arrived. It was the perfect kickoff to a weekend of mayhem. Ardie Fuqua was our host, and he's the man. Very friendly and funny dude. He does a great job keeping a steady flow between acts. He'll pick on you throughout the show, but will snap pics with you out front afterwards. Perhaps he's trying hard to hold onto what's left (not much) of his dwindling youth? Tough to say. =P At $12 for cover and a 2-drink minimum, it is a tad bit pricey (we spent about $40 each), but worth every damn penny. You're seeing top notch comics (including A-listers like Godfrey and Dave Attell) for 3+ hours who will have you pissing your pants the entire time. Beware homophobes, prudes, political extremists, and the oversensitive: this place isn't for you. I'd go to the 11pm show over the 9pm. You end up seeing 2-3 more comics, and time restraints aren't really an issue. The comedians interact with the crowd, but don't relentlessly rip on people from what I've seen. There was one dude who pretty much every comic called out for looking like Jesus. And one chic got dismissed for being a ditzy drunk, haha. But nobody ran out in tears, so there's that. The venue is intimate. I noticed a LOT of lengthy eye contact. Maybe it was my seat. Maybe I had something on my face. Who really knows? I didn't mind it. It was a little cramped, yes, but that's to be expected. The bathroom is miserably small, but who cares? You shouldn't be in the bathroom. You should be in your seat with sore abs from laughing so hard. Also, contrary to what some of the past reviews have stated, our drinks were strong and tasty, and our waitress had spunk. I liked her. I'm sure you already know from the hundreds of reviews before me, but fuck I'm gonna tell you anyway. Make a reservation and come a half hour before showtime and you'll get in fo sho. Come with an open mind, come ready to drink, and come to giggle your face off and you shouldn't be disappointed.
This is a great place. The only NYC comedy club that attracts better selection of comedians is Caroline's on Broadway, but I like Cellar. Food and booze is cheaper, jokes are dirtier and I can sit very close to the small stage Here are the people I saw there- Darrell Hammond and Colin Queen (SNL), Rick Vos, Dov Dovidoff. Dave Attel performs there almost every Thursday.
Stand-up comedy really shows off a comedian's wares.  No music, no applause signs, no script, no one else to shoulder the load...just the comedian and drunk-ass audience members who may or may not be belligerent. I pissed my pants watching 3 out of the 5 performers...and I've been to many many many stand-up shows.  Lots and lots of racist and religious jokes...now that's fuckin comedy. Its rough getting seats in here if there are more than 4 people and you didn't make reservations way ahead of time...geezus...you can almost see the line to get in from the park...luckily, I got juice, so we got dope seats. Great date spot if your girl had a busted voice, is dumb as as dirt, or likes to text (not allowed)...Fucked up date spot if your girl has a busted laugh.
I haven't been to other comedy venues yet but I really enjoyed my time at the Comedy Cellar even though most of the comedians were not into the show due to the lack of attendance.  Cover was $10 and a required purchase of 2 items from the menu but everything seemed reasonably priced.  Saw some quality comics doing their thing in a very intimate setting.  I would definitely recommend that people check this place out.
I don't know what quality of comedy people expect on a Tuesday night at 10pm but I didn't expect much. I was blown away by the quality of the comedians; boatloads of dirty, racist, off color jokes were told and very much appreciated. Nothing is worse than going to a politically correct comedy show- it's not funny and then it gets awkward. If you happen to be wearing something weird, laughing weird, looking weird, looking normal, have an ethnicity, or are from somewhere in the world, chances are, you will get picked on. Be aware of the beggar/hobo/homeless man that will show you a rubbish 1 minute magic trick while you're waiting in line for the show- he expect tips. Also be aware that you pay for the entrance fee after the show is over. Cover charge is included in the bill with your food so unless your feeling extra generous, I'd just tip 20% on the food minus the cover. 2 menu item minimum per person on top of cover. A pitcher of beer is $15 and counts for 4 menu items; in my humble opinion, it's the most economical and fun way to fulfill your minimum.
People who say you can't have a good time in NYC on the cheap have never checked out the comedy cellar, for 12 bucks and the cost of 2 drinks we saw 5 hilarious comedians, I'm pretty sure some of them were somewhat famous but I'm not too up to speed on that stuff, but I do know funny, and everyone of those comedians was hella funny.  This is an awesome time out.
We heeded Peter D.'s advice and left the parents at home when he headed to the Comedy Cellar.  Due to the recording of a show at the venue, we had to wait an additional fifteen minutes for the 11:00 p.m. show.  It was worth the wait!  Service was quick and efficient and if you prefer you can already get your two (2) item minimum from the get-go. I've always thought that for a comedian to be funny, it requires plenty of intelligence to tweak material that almost everybody has heard before.  Boy, there were a couple of really impressive comedians that night!  I want to head back really soon.
I'm a fan. Monday nights (the 1030 show) are hilarious, and often have a bunch of well known comedians show up to test new material. Definitely make a reservation and it's pretty reasonable for a full table as well. Be prepared to get called out by those on stage, though (especially if it's a date and you're in the front row).
All five's! We visited on Mar 8 2014 and Mar 12 at the early show and they had a great lineup. The Mar 12 show had a special guest comedian, Louis C.K! The audience went wild. But the others both nights were extremely funny. Mike Yard was the MC and was hilarious. The food and drinks are reasonably priced, a two item minimum required. Get reservations though as it's always a sell out crowd.
Always the highest caliber of comedians, even if you've never heard of them before. A bit pricey, but not outrageous. Usually admission fee is $24 per person. Drink prices are reasonable. Get the large sangria pitcher for two only $22 bucks, you'll be drunk off it ...depending on your tolerance. If you didn't reserve your seat online the night before, you can ask to be on standby. Both of the times I've done it, I got in.
I don't really know anything about comedy clubs.  In all honesty, I am not that funny and I don't really have a sense of humor.  But holy crap, I laughed my ass off at Comedy Cellar. My friend made reservations by the phone on the morning of the show, and we didn't really think anything more of it.  But when we arrived, we were surprised to find that we literally had the best seats in the house -- directly in front of the stage, and slightly to the right.   I couldn't tell you who I saw, but I would say that out of the six or seven people, there was really only one guy that was sub-par.  That's a pretty good ratio.  And the emcee was perhaps the most hilarious person, and you get to listen to him in between every comic! I think that normally there is only a $10 cover, but it was $15 due to the holiday weekend.  This, in addition to the two-drink minimum, made it end up as a fairly expensive evening.  And groups be warned -- they refuse to split a check with more than two credit cards and I find this quite annoying.   Anyways, the place is going for that sort of hole in the wall atmosphere, which it achieves and successfully pulls off.  But really, who needs atmosphere when you have freaking hilarious people standing up in front and making you laugh?
the comedians were pretty funny! but the place was way too cramped. this guy sitting behind me bumped into me three times, and elbowed me on the head while his fatass was trying to go to the bathroom. very annoying. also, the waitress comes to you every 5 minutes to see if there's anything she can clean up.. so the whole entire time, her arm was in my face. besides that.. it was pretty funny. the bathrooms suck here so try to use the bathroom elsewhere before you come here.
This is a great place to get your laugh on at a bargain. Many other stand-up comedy places usually have an opener and a headliner, and tickets are like $50 or so (caroline's, et al) plus dinner or drinks. The comedy cellar has 4-5, up-and-coming, and lots of times, very well known comedians perform per set all for $10 (weekdays) or $15 (weeknights) plus 2 ITEM minimum (not just drinks like many other places). My only complaint is that they have a lot of the same comedians come so that if you're a regular (like me) then you see the same acts. Still, it's my favorite place for stand-up in the city. Bonus: you never know who will come -- I heard that Chris Rock came in for the set before mine one night. I was so sad to have missed him!
I love this place!  Great venue.  There are a bunch of famous comedians that are regulars and the no names can be great too.   You'll definitely have a great time! btw, there's also a great Mediterranean place across the street.  i dont even know what its called, but its some skinny ass restraunt.  try their shawrma.  mmm.... shawrma
I came here with a friend last Saturday and we were greeted with a long wait. We put our names on the standby list and were luckily allowed in. The walls were covered with signed photographs of celebs who visited and/or performed at the Comedy Cellar, which was already a good sign. We were seated in semi-decent seats but were still able to see the stage and performers. Now on to the performers - I can't recall any of their names, but all but two of them had us in tears. A fair warning - most of these comedians have no filter and will draw no lines on what can and cannot be joked about. One act was way too raunchy for my female tastes but this was expected...and no complaints! There was a 2-drink minimum (which I now learned was a 2-ITEM minimum), but everything is reasonably-priced by NYC standards. The entire space is pretty cramped but it didn't bother us. I felt like I was truly experiencing New York City in all its comedic glory. I'll be back for sure!
Small and easy to hear and see comedians. 3 out of the 4 plus the presenter were funny . I lucked out by sitting right next to the stage. Only got picked on a half dozen times. Fast waiter service...kept up with the refills.
I have to say... I was pretty skeptical about comedy club... This place completely changed my mind :-) awesome performance.. very funnnnnnnnnnnnnnyyyyy but not cornnnnnnnyyy.. $$ will spent 2 items( drinks or food minimum) + ticket I would so come back here for another LOL night !!
TOO FUNNY. I'm not hard to please when it comes to comedy shows but comedy cellar does it great. The humor is dry, dirty and fun. I went here a couple months ago so I don't remember any jokes anymore, but I definitely tried to reuse some of them on my friends (with minimal success .. apparently delivery is everything).
Since zero stars is not an option, I guess I might as well give one, but this review is based on my overall experience and not the comedians. Cramped, crowded and hot, I was too uncomfortable to even enjoy the show 1) The line was long, like really long, especially for a 12:45am show. I wanted to run the other way! 2) The redundancy of ID checks. Are 2 points of ID checks necessary? The security guy was rude about it too. I've had airport check-ins easier than this. 3) $20 cover charge + 2 drink minimum = being packed in worse than a sardine can. The 7 train by Times Square during New Year's Eve is looking pretty good compared to this travesty 4) 3 out of 5 comedians were funny and I enjoyed their performance. However, no comedian is worth losing the feeling on my right leg from being crammed in. I'll just support them from home Until this establishment stops being a fire hazard or at least concoct a drink strong enough to make me forget that I'm crammed in, I won't be coming back
I've been here about 5 times and have never been let down! There is always at least one comedian who cracks me up for his ENTIRE set! Great place for a date or to go with a group of friends. I love the mix in the crowd - foreigners, young, old, and everything in between.
Quite possibly the best entertainment value in NYC. I didn't recognize the names or faces of any of the comics at a recent 8pm show, but they had me in stitches for 2 hours. Definitely worth the $12 cover plus the price of two drinks. The waitress was friendly and quick. I was a little puzzled by the menu -- one would think there'd be more finger foods and appetizers good for sharing at a place like this, but there's not much -- we settled on the baba ganoush, which was decent, but in the future I'd certainly plan on eating dinner elsewhere.
Best comedy club in NY, with one very BIG caveat.  The main part of the acts do not change very often.  If you go more than once a year, you are likely to see at least three of the same five acts with the same material.  The headliner rotates, but everything else seems to stay the same. I keep going again every six months hoping this changes, but now I've seen some acts three times.
We had such a great time here! I'm so glad that I read the reviews here before we went because you should DEFINITELY get there 30 minutes before the show. We were able to get put in the front row and also weren't trailing in the line that wrapped all the way around the block! The MC was hysterical and very interactive. All the comedians we saw there were great, the service was outstanding and well-timed. For 2 on a Sunday night, 9:45 show, 2 beers and 2 jack and cokes, the bill came to about $60. We will definitely be coming back again and again.
What an awesome way to see some famous comedians in a casual setting. Make sure you have a reservation, or you'll end up standing around the corner in the cold waiting to be told you'll make it in only to be turned away from the full house like we did the first time. The second time, we showed up having a reservation and it was a breeze. Get there early as there are definitely prime seats and it's first come first serve. There is a $10 drink minimum which is easy to meet with the duration of the sets. The ambiance is awesome, with the Comedy Cellar being located in the basement with low ceilings, and brick walls. I will definitely be returning. Super casual - jeans are the norm.
When I was in high school, I used to come here all the time. We'd get dinner at the Olive Tree Cafe, and there'd be no cover charge when we headed down to the Comedy Cellar. Alas, this place doesn't live up to my memories. The last time I was there, about a year or two ago, the drinks were watered down and took forever to reach the table. The show featured washed-up has-beens (one I had seen about ten years ago, and he did THE SAME ACT--I remembered it almost word for word) and they just weren't funny. The audience was B&T all the way. And I live in NJ, so if it bothered me, you native New Yorkers would have hated it. Maybe it was a bad night...but I don't think I'll be going back.
It ALL depends on who's performing. I went with a group of friends to the 11pm show on a Thursday and had to leave after several comedians. I should have walked out earlier, but I kept hope alive that the comedians would improve. The actual location was great. A very small venue below street level (the name really has meaning). Our waiter was friendly and attentive. We sat at a table with a great view. We didn't have reservation, but didn't have a problem getting in (maybe this should have been a clue). The comedians were awful. The MC/Host of the show was the best thing there that night - high energy and worked with the crowd. However, the comics that came up were plain lazy. They would lean against the back wall and try and use shock comedy to get a laugh. A few worked on some actual material that was funny, but all resorted to raunchy shock comedy at some point and several didn't have any other material. The worst part was that several started getting mad at the audience because their not-so-funny rape joke (as just one example) wasn't playing. Like it was our fault. Check the lineup before you head in. If you can see some true professionals - this is a great location. Only 3 stars because management should do a better job with the lineup selection."
Went here with a few friends for a bachelor party to see Jim Norton and Ben Bailey.  The other comedians were awesome as well. We even got to meet Ben Bailey outside after the show. Its a really intimate place with some great acts, and funny host. Heed the following advice though: Calling for reservations does not guarantee you a spot.  First come first seated, and they will pack as many in as possibly, seat you in awkward positions, and split up your group if necessary. It's a good idea to make reservations and show up early.
Best night ever!!! Went to the late show last night and my stomach hurts today from laughing so hard, I sat front row right infront of the comedians so of course I was a little nervous they were going to get me and my wife which they did and I didn't care because it was hilarious!!!!
Dane Cook was a guest tonight. EPIC. Best thing to do in NYC.
Your mom goes to this comedy club, and whenever I'm with your mom I have a great time.
This place is a great comedy club.  They have a good variety of comedians each night and most of them are hilarious.  As with any stand up comedy club there are going to be a few here and there that would be a miss but the acts are overwhelmingly on the funny side. Some of the comedians that pass by are minor celebrities and some became celebrities afterward later on.  One that I saw at the time was a unknown when I saw him there.  He was easily the funniest person of the night.  A few months later he was doing a comedy act on HBO. The place have a cover charge to to get in but if you get on the net to make reservations on their web site, from Sunday to Thursday, you might be able to get a maximum of up to four free reservations for the night.  These free reservations are limited for each show so first come first serve.  Be late for any kind of reservation and there is a very likely chance they would have given your seat to any of the people standing in line to get in. No matter if you pay to go in or get in for free, you are required to buy a minimum of two drinks.  Doesn't matter if it's there's alcohol in it or not  or not as long as it's two drinks.  Drink enough and even the comedians that are not funny might become hilarious. There is food served at the place too.  Nothing special.  Just regular pub food but if you haven't eaten before you get here, at least you won't go hungry. 20% gratuity will be automatically added to your bill.  Be aware of that before you pay your tab. Be ready to get real cozy with your neighbors.  This place is packed tight with tables very close by to each other.  Also there's a very low ceiling at this place.  It's a cellar after all.  Claustrophobics need not apply. For those that likes to be the butt of many jokes, arrive early and grab the limited seating right by the very front of the the stage.  Guarantee that you'll end up being a minor celebrity for the night.
Have been to this little place a couple times and we always walk out with sore jaws (not like that)  from laughing to much.  They always have great comedians...not one has sucked! And its a small place, so you get a good view from wherever you're sitting. Watch out when you go as a couple though; they seat you in the front and most likely, will crack jokes on you. The services and drinks are good.  Parking can be a little bit of a problem, but it's definitely easier to find street parking than in Midtown. Will definitely go back!
These comedy people at the Comedy Cellar really do a public service. Where can you go and know at some point you will laugh until your stomach hurts? You can't worry, complain or think when you are laughing that hard. We were there Saturday 9/8/2012. @ the 11pm show. You know even the opening MC was funny. Who were you in the back with that insane laugh? Part scream, part guffaw, with the intensity of a drill sergeant, I had to laugh even the comedian laughed about it. Thanks made our evening. PS: If you don't want to be part of the entertainment don't sit in the front row.
Your NYC experience not complete until you have come here. Top notch talent. Make reservations and come early. Its tight down there but you will laugh a lot. Afterwards walk to Bleeker n Carmine, grab 2 slices at Joe's and a canoli at Rocco's and you will have had a great N.Y. night.
Yup, it's the best comedy club in the city, wanna fight about it? Your best bet is to go to their web site and print out the internet special to save the cover charge. Then it's just a 2 drink minimum inside. It's also best to attend a shorter show, since the place is pretty uncomfortable. I've been there from 11-close and my face, chest, neck, and back were sore from the seats...oh, it was awful.
Without a doubt, the Comedy Cellar is the best place to see live comedy in the city. It's cheap, cheap, cheap, especially for what you get. The $10 minimum is a pittance, and the drinks are extremely reasonable, especially for the neighborhood. The comics are, well, people you've heard of! I've seen Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle and Jerry Seinfeld here! Dave Attell and Godfrey are regulars, not to mention nearly the entire cast of Best Week Ever. The only caveat I would say is that you MUST make reservations for weekends. Beyond that though, I have no words of warning. If you enjoy stand-up comedy, run to the Comedy Cellar. If you don't like stand-up comedy, you and I can't be friends. Please go back to your studio and listen to your Michael Bolton's Greatest Hits and think, really think, about how you have no friends.
Saw Dave Attell this past Saturday.  Great show and worth the money.  Be sure to make a reservation cuz the place fills up AND the line starts around the corner.  I know because when they sent me to the reservation line, everyone started looking at me with the obligatory "WTF eyes".   Girl - Do you have reservations? Me- Yeah, this is the reservation line right? Girl - Yeah. um. **Insert WTF** Me- I have a reservation. I'm badass. Girl- This is the front.  The line starts back there.
Another HILARIOUS night at the Comedy Cellar.  Made a reservation again for a Saturday night show but decided to go for the 11pm show rather than the 9, and in my opinion a better option than the earlier one, albeit both were beyond funny.  It's just a little better after dinner and a few drinks and I think the comedians are a bit more raunchy, and in that regard funnier as well.  We lucked out with Dave Attell and some other really freakin funny comedians.  Again, we laughed our assess off and looking forward to going again.
Place was small and dim but have that intimate feeling. Of course the only reason people come to this place is to watch the comedians,which some were hilarious, and some were unfortunately,awkward. The drink was so so (order beers instead) and you had to order min. 2 drinks/pax. You can actually stay from start till finish ,until around 1 AM on weekdays, and for $10 entrance fee, it was a pretty good deal.
I've been wanting to go to the Comedy Cellar for months and I finally went last night with a friend from out of town. My cheeks ache from laughing so much. We went to the 12:15am show and all the comedians were on point. My friend and I ordered a pitcher of beer as our two item minimum. We were seated on the side of the stage but two girls were also at our table sitting right in front of us so (luckily) we weren't picked on. I will be returning in the near future
I am SO glad I discovered this gem.  Thanks yelp!  Came here with the bf during Christmas break.  For our particular show, we were charged holiday prices ($24 per person), but cover can range from $12-$24 depending on date and time.  For what it's worth, $24 per person was damn worth it, because Aziz Ansari made a surprise appearance.  But honestly, the other four performers, and the host, were ALL great.   There is a 2 item requirement per person, but unlike other comedy clubs I've been to, it's NOT restricted to alcoholic beverages (+++).  The drinks were OK, (I think my cran vodka was $8, and pint of beer was $7).  Cover charge for 2, an order of fries, 3 beers, 1 cran vodka, and tip: $100 for a fun night with the boy.  I will definitely be back again.  I'm excited to see some other big names. Tip: They say to show up half an hour before show starts.  Definitely do this.  We were there 45 minutes before the show, and there was no line.  15 minutes before the show, line wrapped around the corner.
I came here the other night to see Aziz Ansari, and my only complaint was that the show didn't end with him getting down on one knee and proposing to me. The space can be a lot to deal with too, but I get that they try to make it so everyone has a really good view of the stage. you're packed in so closely to one another that every time I needed to use the bathroom (which was often--my bladder is roughly the size of a chickpea, I'm guessin) I had to do some crazy acrobatics and utilize muscles I didn't even know existed.
LMAO! And it takes a lot for me to laugh. Awesome to see actors/comedians like Darrell Hammond from SNL (President Clinton himself) live and only a few feet away from me!   Reservations are required.  Cover ranges from $20-24 depending on which time you choose. 3 drink limit to prevent rowdiness.  You also are required to order at least 2 items (drinks/food) per person. Another huge bonus...Mamoun's is literally right next door.  Best falafel in NYC, anyone?!
Amazing acts. GREAT surprise acts. So-so food. ABSOLUTELY one of my favorite weeknight activities. Be sure to "reserve" your tickets online ahead of time and get there early, the line gets crazy.
If you want a comedy club in NYC, I think that this is the one to go to.  It's located in Greenwich village and it has some great names.  On the night I went, Aziz Ansari was supposed to be there, but he didn't show up.  It was disappointing, but the entertainers that were present were pretty funny. The vibe of the atmosphere was pretty good.  I love that the comedy club is in a cellar....the small quarters give this club some great atmosphere.  And if you look at the walls of this place, you'll see the names of the legends that have headlined here. The cover charge for the show was $14 and there was a 2 drink minimum per person.  Including drinks, it came out to about $30 per person, which is not shabby at all.  Ardie Fuqua was our MC for the night and he was really funny - funnier than most of the comedians. My main recommendation to you is to make a reservation through their website or by phone and show up 30 mins early.  For our Sunday night show @ 9pm, the standby line was huge.  But, because we had a reservation, we got straight in at 8:40.  It worked nicely.
Awesome! Amazing! The best. I've been here countless times and the show is always incredible. Any night of the week and any time you go.  The place is a 10 out of 10.  If you're going to one comedy club in the city you should come to the cellar.  MAKE RESERVATIONS. Don't be stupid, they're free and if you don't you might not get in.  Anyone, who knows anything.... knows that this place is the place to see comedy. The booker is so strict and the comedians are always the best. New talent, celebrities, you never know what you're going to see.  But what you know, is that it's going to be great.  P.S.  The host is hillarious also...For $20, you can't have a better night than at the comedy cellar.
This place is a joke...and not a very funny one. OK, so the comedians that night were pretty funny, especially the last guy that came out on stage high as ever. And you can't ever hate on the comics picking on the audience. If you can't take a hit sitting in the front row, don't bother coming. Being the only Asians in the house put a big fat target on our heads, but at least they only made fun of our "nerdiness" and "intelligence", so no damage done. My big complaint was the service from the wait staff. I get seats are reserved, but why must we sit across from one another? What's wrong with sitting next to each other? I'm sure the other couple sharing our table would have had no problem sitting next to each other. It was unnecessary to come over in the middle of the show, tap me on the shoulder, and insist I move back to my seat. If she were actually polite, I wouldn't have been so annoyed, but no need to be snooty about it. I was also unaware of the 2 item minimum PER PERSON. After reading the rules on the website, I was under the impression it was just a 2 item minimum for each table. Had I known it was per person, I wouldn't have bothered ordering the overpriced glass of crap sangria. But besides the point, don't tell me I need to order an additional item 10 minutes before the show ends! Do I look like I can inhale my food and chug my drinks like a tank? On top of paying the $10/person cover, I ended up forking over $40+. AND THEN they had the nerve of charging my credit card twice, which was a big hassle having to deal with my bank to fix it. I'm only giving 2 stars because I did get a good laugh out of all 5 comedians and the host, but the rest of the staff ruined my willingness to ever come back in the future.
Went to city thinking about having a nice time. The bouncer looks at my ID and kicks me off the line for no reason what so ever. Ill never go back. Dont even bother wasting your time going there.
Every time i go there, I laugh my ass off.  i saw the recently deceased Greg Giraldo there, along with guys like Louis C.K. and Darrel Hammond.  One of the M.C.'s made a point of going around the room and asking the men if the women seated next to them was their wife or girlfriend.  A lot of guys replied that the lady in question was just "a friend."  After 5-6 times of the same response, the guy said, "Welcome to Blue Balls Night at the Comedy Cellar." The drinks are overpriced and there is a two item minimum but I don't care because I have fun every damn time I go there.  If you're tired of just going to the movies with your girl, bring her to his place.  And if the girl you go with is just "a friend", maybe you'll get lucky and some of the funny will rub off on you before you leave.
All you can expect from this legendary venue. The quality of the show greatly depends on the comedian lineup, which is hard to determine in advance. I usually try my luck and have had from ok to awesome comedy there.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA... awesome.  Make reservations and drop by because this will be worth it. Minus a star for HELLA tiny booths, sticky tables, and allowing dumb whiny girls to enter.  Then again, the comedians need to make fun of someone so I guess they serve their purpose.
go. you will have a memorable time. every time i see an accomplished stand up comedian who knocks my socks off and have a fantastic time with my family and friends. i recommend you go early so you don't have to wait in line.
My experience here was spontaneous. It was also lucky. After having been harassed (in the nicest of connotations) on other occassions, my friends and I were Talked Into checking out the club. We were so hard to convince, we didn't have to pay the cover charge. We were underage, so instead of the two drink requirement, we ordered dinner. But it wasn't cheap. The comedy, however, was. The comedians that night were either jerks who thought they were funny or they were high. We sat at the front table, so we became the readily accessible punch line. They really got a kick out of the five of us, even more so after they discovered nearly all their sexual innuendos and commentary had been directed at two underage girls, my friend not even an adult. There was certainly a degree of funny. The stoned guys were a little humerous. This was not high-quality comedy, except for the inebriation & illegal substances. It was an adventure though, worth the experience in a spontaneous situation. I would never reccommend the place or making reservations though. There are better things to do.
Went here on whim, it was good!  Went somewhere else the next night and it was even better!!
I went to this comedy cellar with a few friends.  Their website has Sun-Thurs free cover passes for up to 4 people.  There was a two drink minimum once you got in.  I think you could substitute getting food items from the menu for the drinks; their menu consists of Middle Eastern cuisine like gyros and falafels.   The lineup was pretty good.  I only remember Lynne Koplitz was one of the 3 comedians that night.  She was great!  One of them I didn't like.  He made too many crude remarks...like waaay too many.  He was trying too hard to be funny by being crude but that only works if you know how to work it the right way without being too offensive.  You could tell the laughter started dwindling after a while.  Haha.   Anyway, it was fun and the place is really  like a cellar situated underneath a restaurant.  Didn't have to wait in line for too long to get in.  I would go back again; I'd like to see either Ray Romano or Chris Rock perform..
This place is alright.  I've been here a couple of times, they have you order two things off the menu on top of your tickets which comes out to 20-30 bucks a pop.  The food and the munchies are actually pretty good, but don't order the double order of the wings thinking it'll count for two, cause it doesn't.  If you come here more than once,  the host recycles some of his jokes, and for the politically correct, they throw out a few racist jokes every here and there, which is to be expected.  All of the comics have either showed up on shows like Conan or Letterman and comedy central.  Definitely a fun time.  On busy weekends, you might want to get there a little early, since tickets do sell out.
Why are the white comedians almost always taking the character of the self-deprecating loser? Why are the black comedians almost always remarking about how the crowd is "so white" and going of on racial jokes? Despite these tropes the rating for Comedy Cellar  [CC] can only be one. 5 stars.  No other comedy club in New York has the level of talent on regular display as CC. Just this past month Aziz Ansari and Dave Chapelle came on stage on regular nights. At the same time you're paying dive bar prices on food and drinks (as many have noted there's a two drink minimum) that arrives with great speed. The place is simply a well oiled machine. The one thing I could hold against CC is its tiny bathrooms, but I guess they fit with the small intimate venue overall. Only in New York.
besides from being a tad musty (hey- you're underground) this place is a good time $18 cover and 2 drink minimum is kinda sucky too but everyone needs to get paid- i get it. I laughed my ass of- I love Jim Norton. There was a female comic that i forget her name but i laughed so hard i couldnt breathe for her entire set. Good times!
Only been here once b/c I'm from CA, but the one day we picked to go to Comedy Cellar (a random Wednesday), Chris Rock showed up!  I just googled some live comedy shows to go to in NYC and Comedy Cellar seemed like a cool place.  Although we were 45 minutes late in getting let in, it was worth it.  Most the comics were hilarious, except for the guy who went after Chris Rock -- sorta have to feel back for the guy right?  We actually took off around 2:30am cuz the show kept going and going....we're from CA -- places close at 2am here! =) They really enforce the 2 drink minimum -- I've gone to many places that state a 2 drink min but no place has enforced it like Comedy Cellar.   I would definitely come back and see who else might make a special appearance.
Okay line up, cute little venue. Nothing more to say really....just hope for some good laughs which we did.
I've been going to the comedy cellar for at least 5 yrs & it has never been disappointing. Great for a good laugh. :) PS-no cover charge mon-thurs, if you go to their website.
What a great comedy club. All but one of the acts were awesome! It was much more fun, being that it was a date and my date reserved tickets...AND we sat like right in front of the comedians. Really a good time. I don't know how often they rotate their acts, but would love to come back. I really enjoy stand up comedy.
I came here for the late-night Nasty Show at midnight on a Thursday. Not necessarily the show the big name comics usually do, but it was still hilarious. And they did *not* hold back. Two-drink minimum was no big deal. Prices were pretty decent, so we each got a couple of beers and it worked out. Waitress was pretty attentive and made it to us several times despite our awkward location right next to the stage behind a pole. We almost got called out by the comedian for an Asian girl dating a white guy joke, but were thankfully saved by a drunk girl who stumbled back to her seat in the front row. Whew. All in all a good time. Minus one star for the long wait outside.
Comedy Cellar is a venue I can see myself telling my disinterested grandchildren about someday. You can see so many huge names in a club with the intimacy of a finished basement (which it essentially is). There are lots of comedians who are not on the bill for that night but show up unannounced. I went to see Colin Quinn and Nick Dipaolo and got to see impromptu sets by Chris Rock and Louis C.K. (who KILLLLLED btw). I would suggest definitely calling for reservations unless you want to be on standby outside which is hit or miss. The lack of a fifth star is only due to the "cattle-like" way you are ushered in and the seats are chosen for you. It takes forever to settle your tab at the end, but these are the evils of a small club. I think I can deal with that if it means getting to see my favorite comedians in a small venue.
One hell of a deal for entertainment in NYC. Cover was 14-15$, and you gotta order 2 things off the menu. If you're really hurting for money, you can get away with 28$ with tip for hours with talented comedians. We attended during a Tuesday night, and it was still packed, so I'd recommend going early if you have a reservation (also recommended). Service is as good as it can be with a overfilled room. The list of comedians have escaped my memory, but I do remember every single one made our group laugh out loud at least once. They have a history of celebrities who has done their stchick here before and after they were famous. I've heard on random nights one might show up to try new jokes or just have fun. When I do move my ass to NY, I could see this becoming a once every month or two type of activity, as they refresh their line up often enough. Great place. Cheap fun. Thumbs Up.
I love stand-up comedy so I've been to a lot of comedy clubs around the city, and Comedy Cellar has earned its reputation as one of the best.  Reservations were easy to make online, and the lineup was amazing--Jim Norton, Colin Quinn, Darryl Hammond, Gary Gulman, and one guy got bumped (sad for him, surprise awesome for us) because Aziz Ansari dropped in for a set.  The seating arrangements, though close to other seats, were done very efficiently and our waitress was sweet as could be.  I particularly like that they require a two ITEM minimum and are very conscientious of making sure people keep their voices down so as not to interrupt/distract the comics.  I'll most definitely be going back.
The line is a thing of pure agony, and you'd definitely better have reserved tickets well ahead of time, otherwise you're with the trashbins at the end of the line far around the corner.... The comedians vary night-to-night - some days we've been lucky and treated to professionals, but others we've had the misfortune to be stuck with second-rate comics all night long. Minimum drink orders here, too, and very crowded spaces that oftentimes offer no room for movement. If there were ever a fire in there, almost all caught in it would be dead. Simply no way to exit fast enough out of there.  It's like how they rush you out at the end for the next show of the night - fast, quick, and lots of credit cards whipped back and forth. Still, not a bad place to bring a date if you want some laughs and a very cozy spot to sit in. Incidentally, John Mayer - not as good at being funny as he is singing. Chris Rock, though - mad funny.
Quite possibly one of the world's greatest comedy venues.  Tiny, intimate, and completely hip, this place regularly draws big comics both as guests and performers.  If you sit in the front row, be prepared to participate in the comedy...
One of my comedy spots to go to in the city.  There is always someone special stopping in.  I have seen Sarah Silverman here on Sunday, I have seen john mayer and josh groban.  I really good place to take out of town guests on a sunday or non crazy going out night.  Its really fun and you will enjoy - promise :) *Enjoy*
Earn free admission online; two item minimum can be decided from a menu of Middle Eastern eats, and cheap drinks. Like the NY Comedy Club, it's small, racuous, raunchy - in other words, don't come out for comedy in the city if you're not prepared to get called out by the comedian. Otherwise, I really enjoyed my evening.
I used to frequent this place 4 years ago but I'd be shocked if it's declined. The Comedy Cellar is a veritable training ground for SNL, E!, and Comedy Central (do a little googling and see!).   The shows are a little uneven...some being fantastic and others being more..meh. However, when you get to see 8 comedians over two hours, chances are a few will be pretty good. There's a cover charge and a two-drink minimum but let's just say that when I went I wasn't long out of college, slept on a futon, shopped at JoyceLeslie and I still thought the shows were definitely worth the price. Here's a tip though (shhh): Girls, be friendly (flirty?) to the emcee and drink with the comedians after the show. Next time that cover charge MAY disappear and if not, well the company was still a blast, non?
I've only been here once, but it was the comics that made the cellar so much fun. The uncomfortable chairs, so-so food, and crowded space can be had any number of places.
Frank Sinatra music puts you in the mood for a quality New York comedy experience as you descend the steps down into the Comedy Cellar on MacDougal Street in the West Village.  I honestly can't think of a more enjoyable start to a Friday night than watching some good stand up here and laughing with a person you actually like.  There are a lot of couples and just watch out because the comedians  and host will definitely ask you some questions if you're sitting close to the stage (obviously).  TIhe earlier you come, the closer you will sit to the stage and the whole thing is really a very intimate experience.  I can't speak for all nights, since I've only been here once, but when I went, I thoroughly enjoyed every comedian who performed.   There is a two drink minimum but you'll want to imbibe so what's the problem with that?  I saw this fun-loving Australian couple guzzling a pitcher of sangria between the two of them and that definitely looked like the way to go, though I didn't try it.  I definitely recommend this place, I can't believe I haven't been there before.  I think it's an awesome date option and then there's so much you can do in the neighborhood afterwards, the night can just keep getting better.
This place was awesome! It was my first comedy club experience so I don't have anything to compare it against but all I can say is I laughed for pretty much the entire show. Packed house 12:45am show. Dave Attell was hysterical but something I didn't think would happen was my favorite ended up being Jay the host....very funny guy. I would definitely recommend a reservation and getting there early like some other reviewers mentioned and get your seating assignment (they give you an index card with a number on it). Then you're not technically waiting in line but there is a line to get in as they seat you card by card at the door so it does get backed up being the place is pretty small.
Very funny and fun. Aziz Ansari made an impromptu appearance when went a couple of weeks ago. It was very entertaining. The ceilings are very low, giving it a cozy feel. Great date night place.
I used to be quite a comedy "groupie", spending evenings fawning over the "terribly funny" gentleman. I don't know if that came out the right way. But anyways, of all the comedy clubs I have been too this one seems to be an authentic NYC venue. All of the comedians are well known, and decently professional. They all hang around outside so if you are not up for paying just hang around, and if your interested in deep conversations with this intense people head next store to the bar where they all hang out.
Since moving to NYC, this is the one place I keep coming back to.  I've been about 30 times, and it's never a bad experience.  I even bring friends who speak English just OK, and they love it.   Why? There's a type of humor for everyone there....silly, dirty, whatever. The price is on point.  At about 10-15 dollars cover (depending on the night you go) and two drinks for 2-2 1/2 hours of solid comedy by a group of well known, funny comedians, who each go up for 15-30 minutes and give NYC their best stand-up. Some of my favs - James Smith, Louis CK (LEGEND), Dave Attell (LEGEND #2), Tom Papa, Veronica Mosey, Sherod Small....all just phenomenal.   Some duds- Godfrey (he has his ups and downs), Darrell Hammond who is AWFUL surprisingly and well....the other ones I can't remember because they just weren't memorable. In between those two categories, you have some consistent funny comedians.  They wouldn't even be considered fillers, because their stand-up is solid.   All the comedians are pretty good about producing new material, so it never feels repetitive, if you've already seen a particular comedian.  The location is fun to bring visiting friends to, and it's just all around good times.   Don't bring any uptight people.  This show is not for the easily-offended.   And that's what is so damn great about it. THE MOST IMPORTANT THING TO KNOW: Go to Comedycellar.com prior to the show and reserve a spot.  If it's only a few hours before the show, call and see if they have a spot.  Arrive 15 min. early.  Do not go if you don't have a reservation.
Nonstop laughter provided by a lineup of A+ comedians.  By the time I left the place, my cheeks hurt from having a perma-smile plastered on my face the entire night.
This has got to be my favorite comedy club in NYC. As I was waiting for the 9:15pm show, trying to kill time, my friend and I decided to go to the Olive Tree Cafe for some drinks at the bar and I ended up sitting right next to Aziz Ansari while he was practicing for his script for the 7:45pm show! I didn't want to bother him for a picture or anything cause he looked so focused :( As for the comedy show, it was great! The whole tab came up to be almost $100 but I thought it was worth it. The cover was $24 per person plus a 2 drink minimum. Their Pina Colada is sooooooo good. You can tell their bar is legit unlike other comedy clubs. The comedians were all so funny. Would've been awesome if Aziz performed at the 9:15 show. But regardless, I would definetely go back!
It was a pretty fun night for us.  We got picked on, but nothing truly embarrassing happened.
While you want to make sure you're seeing a good comedian when you go (some nights you can see the room's energy vanish), this place is pretty good for comedy.  There's a 2 item minimum per person (unlike 2 drinks at other places), you don't get pressured into drinking if you don't want to and some nights, you can stay for the second show for free.  The prices are also reasonable for their food. I recommend the red velvet cake but you won't be disappointed in chips and salsa or the other desserts. Get online reservations Sun-Thursday & you can avoid paying cover.  Ardie Fuqua is a frequent MC and he is hilarious.  One of my friends who saw him said he should have his own TV show.
I came here for a friend's birthday.  The comedians were all really hysterical and I enjoyed myself.  There was a two drink minimum, which is to be expected.  The seating was a little cramped, but nothing awful.  I'd like to see another show here sometime soon.
Without a doubt this is the best comedy club to see stand up in NYC. Every major comedian has been here and it still cranks out the most laughs out of all the clubs in the area.   The place is really small and the seating is tight. The staff that sits you aren't the most friendly and they rarely allow you to switch to another spot even if your view is at an awkward angle or partially obstructed. I really wish they would allow you to purchase tickets online and do away with the free online "no commitment" reservations. A lot of times the online reservations get filled to capacity and then the people don't show up, forcing the people that actually do show up to stand in line on stand-by outside the place, cold and miserable. If you can get over those two negative issues about the place, then prepare to have a good time. At this club all comedians are created equal and there is no such thing as a headliner. I love that you can get a nice slew of comedians in just one night. It's not like some places where you just get one headliner and maybe a couple openers. Here you get to see at least 6 to 8 comedians so you're not stuck having to sit through one long set of a comedian you thought might be funny to see but later turned out to be a dud. I find myself going to these shows for one particular comedian but being surprised to discover other ones that I never heard of and finding them more funny than the one I came in to see originally. That's what is so great about this place. What's also great is that there's always a chance a big time comedian can show up for a surprise set to test out new material. The Comedy Cellar is usually number one on their list when it comes to that aspect. The other nice thing about this club is that it won't break the bank, unlike Caroline's. It's got the standard two item minimum but it's not just restricted to drinks. They've got a decent food menu as well. Of course the comedians do a lot of crowd work here so be on your guard if they happen to talk to you during their set, especially if you are near the front. If you are a good humored sort it's all good and you will be sure to leave with a smile on your face.
This is one of my favorite places to visit. Very entertaining.
Walking around with a friend one night we decided to stop in and make a reservation. We started at 8:00pm ended up leaving around 2:00am. What a great decision. Dov Davidoff was undeniably funny and Chris Rock made a special appearance.
Chris Rock.
I have been going to the Comedy Cellar for 11 years and never have a I had someone speak to me the way this Jewish version of Napoleon spoke to me. I had been waiting to get into a show for 30 minutes. I go down and they tell me to come back in 10 or 15 minutes it is full o__O so I wait. After like three comedians in, I get to stand by a door whooo lucky me! Shaq calls me back over and when I get to the door this lil oompaloompa starts yelling at me about me standing by the door! I said "that is where I was told to stand!" He said something about paying and that if I want to see the show I have to pay blah blah blah. I said that is not a problem. Then he asked where was I earlier? That I could have gotten a seat. I told him that I was told to come back.  I was waiting paitiently for a seat and they even sat some chic down before me who came in after! O___O I walked out because had I not, I would have blacked out on him and I would be in handcuffs. I will never go back to the Comedy Cellar. They are comedy club non grata. There are other Comedy clubs in NYC! They also raised their cover from $10 to $12 for the same shitty sardine box style seating... they have a lot of nerve!
There are some things that shouldn't be a source of a downgrade in any reviews of NYC establishments.   A martini will almost always be between $12-$15, so you can't call that a con b/c its the same everywhere.    A comedy club in Manhattan is usually around $15 cover w/a 2 drink minimum.  This is a given--so you can't list it as a negative!  Ugh.  Anyway, this place is a typical comedy club.  Same cover/minimum, same drink prices, same cramped seating and shitty bathrooms as all the other comedy clubs.  The waitstaff is very nice and they get a good caliber of comedian.   Its also good that there's a lot of stuff nearby.
Hit or miss.... Have to server on line - miss Have to pay about 15$ cover at the door - miss 2 drink min (alcohol or not) - major miss One bathroom so the guest upstairs have to go down stairs to piss - miss Saw Jay - hit then again it depends who is there sometimes its funny sometimes you wanna leave because  its sad
Absolutely hysterical night out! My friend and I were looking for something to do on a random Tuesday night. I happen to live extremely close to Comedy Cellar and saw that one of my favorite comediennes, Gina Yashere, was performing. As my friend and I were waiting on line, she happened to take an Instagram photo of us. While working to improve her editing skills, she was stumped as to how to caption the masterpiece. I, jokingly, suggested Rihanna's song, "Shine Bright Like a Diamond," since we happened to look luminous through the editing process. Little did I know that this would be a fatal mistake in addition to the decision to sit in the front row as the MC for the night kindly pointed out to everyone my jest and our table became the running joke for the night. Nonetheless, it made for an extremely fun evening (warning: must be able to laugh at yourself). The space itself is small but cozy. The best part is that the food/drink minimum could be easily fulfilled with the purchase of a large pitcher of beer between the pair of us so that we each only payed $25 by the end of the night! Come for a great lineup, fantastic service, and some jokes about an Australian named Thursday Freedlander if you're fortunate enough.
Manager "Mert"  is the biggest douche. Kicked us out of line for asking why it's running late. Claimed we were too drunk when we didnt even drink. Also I heard it really smells there too.  Take your comedy somewhere else.
Best night I had there was after bar hopping for a bit, then catching the 11pm show. It was probably a wednesday night and it wasn't packed. My buddy and I were there till 2 am laughing our asses off since the comics kinda went downwhill towards the end. But the less people there, the more they had us participate and it was still great!
My friends and I had a great time here. The comedians were awesome and also Chris Rock randomly popped up, which was totally crazy! I definitely had a great time. Our waitress however didn't really do her job too well. Every time she poured our beers she would pour in a way where we would get the most foam possible. She also had an unhappy look on her face the whole time which, if the comedians weren't great, would have ruined the night. Hopefully this won't be a repeating issue but this is the only reason why the place doesn't get 5 stars.
It's a little hard to get into this place during the weekend. One Thursday I took my sister while she was visiting from California, we were there from 10PM to 1AM and there was no sign of the end of the long line of comedians, a lot of them are now in shows. It's a great place to go after eating dinner and before going to Cafe Wha? next door.
Outstanding live comedy that is the best I've been to in the city.  On the weekends the place is packed and you must get a reservation.  My only complaint is that the seating is so tight that it borders on being uncomfortable.  I was laughing so hard that I didn't think about it too much though.   Don't show up late or you will be out of luck.  $15 cover and a two drink minimum.
People have already reviewed this place to death, but it is a favorite of mine so I am going to go for it. Despite it being overpacked, I'm willing to forgive as the comics here are super funny, drinks aren't overpriced and they are open late! Most comedy clubs squish you in until you are intimate with strangers, so this is no different elsewhere. I really love that I can catch a late night set my favorites like Jimmy Norton and Dave Atell (they offer a bit too much Collin Quinn for my taste, I just don't get him). I really love the late night sets are where alot of comedians go to try out new material or tighten up a set before an appearance on a late night talk show (such as the Tonight Show), so things are often fresh or at least experimental. Whats even better is that many times you will catch the comics eating or having a drink outside before or after their sets, which means for awesome people watching, or if you are bolder than I, you can snatch an autograph or photo (I hate to bother people). If you wish to go on a weekend then you really are better off making a reservation, but if you can hit them during the week than most of the time it is no problem to get a seat, especially for the later show.
One of the best places that you will never be disappointed at regardless of how many random times you may come here. Great comedy always seems to be on tap here with great local talent.  Even if you happen to get one crappy comedian it always seems they have someone lined up that redeems the entire lineup. Amazing entertainment in a cozy and intimate setting with great house rules set forth so everyone can enjoy themselves.  For those that have a few too many drinks and get disruptive with the comedians, you can bet they'll rip you a new one...in their comedic ways of course!
Among my favorite comedy spots.  Def plan to make a phone reservation.  Getting there early will help you get a better seat typically.  Its not uncommon for top comedians walk on stage unexpectedly.. last time I was there the MC announced towards the end that the headline comedian wouldnt be performing, the crowd seemed a little bummed.. then continued - 'but someone just walked in who you may know- CHRIS ROCK' - the place exploded.  I hear these types of appearances are more common in the late night shows (we were at an 11p showing on Saturday).
Out of all the comedy places I have been to every this is one of the few I would go to over and over again.  The talent here is great!!!  Just like any other comedy club there is a 2 drink minimum and a cover but its well worth it.   Connected to the comedy cellar is a good resturant named Olive Tree Cafe.  So if you were to order food at the cellar you would be getting food from the Olive Tree. Place is not too big but it never seems over crouded. I would definetelly go back again
I saw a Friday night show. It's Monday. My face still hurts.
Comedy Cellar is awesome! I laughed joke after joke. A lot of well-known comedians come here. I saw people from: VH1, Comedy Central/Saturday Night Live, radio personalities, etc. Warning: Do not draw attention to yourself in the middle of the show by standing up or going to the bathroom-- the comedians totally made fun of them!  :D It requires a 2 minimum purchase (like most places.) The one thing I do NOT recommend - chips with homemade salsa" -- they should have called it stale chips with ketchup. Oh make sure you make reservations on the website! I saw a lot of people get turned away because they were all booked. comedycellar.com
$10 cover for 4 hours of standup, with 13 different comics all of whom have legit humor? Who cares if there are tourists in the audience? It gives the comics more material...
Yes (hangs head in shame), when I'm in NYC, I do the tourist thing and have to catch a show at the Comedy Cellar.  Comedy clubs at home are shitty, and I was spoiled from an early age when my NYC-raised cousin took me here when I was just a wee teen.   The Comedy Cellar boasts some amazing acts...I've never failed to bust a gut.  The actual place is intimate (read: small), dimly lit, always full of people.  Try to book your spots in advance or try to get lucky by showing up a half hour before the show to be put on the wait-list.  Expect a two item minimum.  The beer selection is just ok by they do have some yummy specialty drinks if that's your thing.  (Sometimes, this lady just need that girly drink!).  Last time I was here, I even ordered something from the upstairs kitchen, which they had no problem bringing downstairs during the show.  (I ordered the falafel, which was perfectly done up Israeli style with the cucumber salad...yum!)  Your entrance fee will be tacked on to your bill.  $12 for weekday shows, $18 for weekend shows.  Most nights there are two shows, and three show on Friday and Saturdays.   But the real reason you go here is the comedy.  Be prepared to have some sore cheeks after a night here.  I love that I have seen some amazing comedians here and if you are lucky, a surprise guest may show up to putz around and test some comedic genius out on the unsuspecting crowd.  One time, Jeffery Ross just showed up to test out some material that he was prepared for a Comedy Central Roast.  Yep, that was a welcomed surprise.  So yea...as long as I visit NYC, I will skip the stoopid and dull shows of Broadway, instead I'll get my kicks (and laughs) at the Comedy Cellar where I know I'm guaranteed a good chuckle and a good night.
LOUIE LOUIE LOUIE!!! This past Friday was my second time seeing Louie CK, but my first at the Comedy Cellar...def won't be my last! New acts for the week are uploaded to their website on Thursdays (the best time to reserve your tix) Intimate venue, below street level. 2 "item" minimum per person, and $18 cover, very reasonable for NYC. FYI, they do NOT allow parties of more than 8 people. Kevin Williamson and Keith Brennan were also pretty entertaining. Acts from Comedy Central, The Tonight Show, etc..
Love this place ! Not much to add that hasn't already been said.... my only thing is sometimes, one or two of the comedians will make a joke thats extremely offensive to you (the oil spill , really?) but it's to be expected at a comedy show. your likely to spot some famous people/comedians if your in to that. get there early, the line goes around the block and it can get really cold in the winter.
The Comedy Cellar is cramped, but I feel that it adds some intimacy to the show.  You will occasionally see an A list celebrity there.  When I went i saw Keifer Sutherland.  And yes he is tall in real life.  Its a poppin neighborhood, I felt very safe.  Also while waiting for the show to start, the homeless will entertain you with their antics.  if you give them a dollar or two, they will leave you alone.  Ardie Fuqua is a friggin hilarious host, you would be lucky if he was there when you go.  Food is great, and it feels like a real college atmosphere.  The lineup can be repetitive at times, but I still think the Comedy Cellar is the best bank for your buck comedy club in NY.
This place has gotten way too popular and overrun with tourists, typical of what's been happening with many of our used-to-be-great New York establishments over the past decade. And we all know what happens when that's the case right? 1 - We get there about 30 minutes before show time and have to stand on a ridiculously long line. And this was the line for people with reservations. Show was supposed to start at 12:45AM, but at 1:00AM we were just getting inside. Sure that's annoying, but I'm more annoyed that the line is so long for a 12:45AM show. Seriously people? This used to be the quietest, most intimate show of the evening. 2 - Multiple ID checks by rude bouncers. You want to check IDs, fine. But I don't appreciate having to dig into my wallet more than once. I mean seriously, is this a comedy club or JFK Airport? And funny, I don't remember ever having my ID checked back in the day, or standing on long lines, or people with clip boards for that matter. In any event, you guys are bouncers at a comedy club, not guardians of the holy grail. Lighten up. 3 - We get inside and the place is too hot, too crowded, and set up way too cramped. There's literally a chair crammed into almost every available space. We're shown to our table, given very specific instructions on how we are to sit, and before we're even settled in, another rude staff member barks at one of my friends to squeeze in when there obviously isn't any more room. Cramming four people into a corner table that's only big enough for two people might be the problem, you think? The place is way too tight, so tight you literally can't even move your chair. The table was in my chest during the entire show. I would have loved to slide back, however another seat was directly behind me, so there was no room to move. 4 - After all that, the show was so-so. Tony Rock and Rich Vos were great as usual, and the two stars are for them. They were the saving grace of my overall experience. The other performers were pretty good but far overshadowed by my level of discomfort. It's pretty hard to pay attention to a show when you're hot, crammed, and uncomfortable. The fact that our table mates wouldn't stop talking to us didn't help either, but that's not the club's fault. In the end, I couldn't wait to get out of there, and our server couldn't bring the check soon enough. I've been to more than a few comedy clubs in my time, both at home here in New York and in many other cities. While it's true most comedy clubs are pretty tight, Comedy Cellar takes it to an extreme. I don't remember the place being so tight back in the day, but now I remember why I stopped coming here and started going to the larger New York comedy clubs. True, Carolines for instance usually ends up being a $300 night, but for my money I get a great show, superior service, great food, and I sit in relative comfort minus the rude staff who get to play God for a few hours a night running around with little clip boards, policing seating and checking IDs. Call me crazy, but being a full-blown, born and raised native New Yorker (a dying breed), I don't find anything "Quintisentially New York" about having to coordinate with four out-of-towners simply to get up and go to the bathroom because our seats are mashed together as tight as a jigsaw puzzle. All in all, I won't be coming back to the Comedy Cellar. The tourists can have it, and I will simply take my money elsewhere.
Heard it was legen- wait for it- DARY. saw some great standup acts here, def go for the late shows, the people are funnier. a great nyc experience i can cross off my bucket list before moving. if you don't wnat to get made fun of don't sit in front! and they will find a way to make fun of you. but that's part of the fun
One of New York's most famous and best standup spots.  Make sure to get reservations for busy nights so you're guaranteed a seat.  They usually have a pretty great lineup, but you never know who will unexpectedly stop by. The drinks and food are just ok, so I'd recommend eating elsewhere.
so ive lived in nyc for a year now and i can honestly say with certainty that this is my "spot". i love coming here after a long week at work, with GFs on a Friday night, or with out-of-towners for a true NYC experience. you will have a GREAT time and laugh your ass off (if you're not uptight). the later the showtime, the more the comedians wild out. so if you are more mild mannered, go early. but if you want to see some real nutty shit, come later. this joint is intimate but not cramped, dark but not dirty, its a local's spot but out-of-towners will feel comfortable too. its essentially the most perfect comedy club i have ever been too. im obvs partial to this place and have one big hairy hard-on for it, but you should go because cover is cheap ($20-24), two ITEM minimum (drink or food), and the service is good (cuz they want yo monay)
Comedy Cellar is as good as it gets when you're looking for quality stand-up comedy. Our group of 8 scored a table right in front of the stage. We expected a regular line-up, until Louis C.K. and Aziz Ansari showed up and made our night. Stellar line-up. Awesome service. I'm never disappointed by the Comedy Cellar. And it also doesn't hurt that it's right next door to Mamoun's Falafel and vice versa. The two go hand-in-hand for me.
Amazing place to see some of the up and comers and established comedy people in the business. Big J was our emcee for the Thursday Midnight Nasty show. He really knows how to work a room and had us peeing our pants with laughter. Dave Attell closed out the show that morning and had J come up and join him for the last 10 minutes or so. At first we didn't think we'd be able to stay up for the whole show, but every comic was a true pro and carried us to 3am when we were walking home drunk with laughter. the 2 item minimum wasn't bad as the drinks were modestly priced and we actually got some food which was pretty good.
Great stand up! Like others have said before: book your tickets in advance. We got a really good table just in front of the scene and had a great time! For those who haven't been to clubs like this and aren't to happy about being exposed in public, don't come in too colorful clothes :-)
Hella cool, very small, and out of the way. Lots of big names have performed on this stage, and many do drop-bys, though sadly not on the night I went. Keith Robinson from Tough Crowd was our MC so that was awesome. Also, maybe it's because I am super cool but got to go down the back stairs (where the comics come in, rather than wait in line).
I will make this simple and easy. I have seen comic greats like Jeffery Ross, Lisa Lampanelli, Dave Chappelle, Colin Quinn, and many others at this venue. It's small, ugly, dirty looking and I love it. This place is not for the faint of heart because the comics can be brutal to audience members when given the chance. And that is often! lol This is a great place to come to anytime during the week and there is always special guest pooping in all the time. There is a 2 drink minimum so we aware of that before going in.
I stumbled in by accident when I overheard that Chris Rock was performing. He was hilarious -- I'm not a comedy club person, so I was pleasantly surprised to find that several of the other comedians were just as funny, if not more. The cover was a bit much, though I don't know what the going rate is; still, it was worth it for the night and we stayed until the very end.
A great and authentic comedy club. It's literally in a cellar, which only adds to the homegrown feel. There are two types of comics that preform there: those trying to make it big, and those who've already made it big and are just trying out new material. The mix of the two make it fresh and give the comedy-seeker a chance to see New York's best rising talent. It's a real treat, though, when a big star shows up (they often come unannounced and on a whim). Especially because they'll use material you've never heard before -- and whether or not you laugh at it might determine if they work it into their standard set. Now I know what you're thinking: "What a cool place to bring a date if I want to impress her and show her how hip I am." You'd better think twice. Comedians love to pick on couples. And they'll ask you bluntly what the status of your relation is. So if you're not sure, this is probably not the way you want to find out. Tips: - Don't pay cover on weeknights, follow the directions on their website under "special offers." - If you go on a slow night they usually combine the two shows, so you can stay there for a while. - Watch the documentary The Comedian, which is largely about Jerry Seinfeld and has a lot of footage from the Comedy Cellar.
this place is a consistent good time.  a little more room would be nice, but please someone take me to a comedy club in the city where the room is spread out?  The comedians are funny and im assuming they get the food/drinks from the olive tree cafe which is nice.
Saw Greg Giraldo and Dave Attell this past sat. They were hilarious!! My face was seriously hurting from laughing the entire time. The mc was also hysterical. Can't remember his name but he was freakin funny. A few people in the audience got a little attitudy after some of the jokes were directed their way. You should not be there if you can't laugh at yourself. This is an awesome venue and there is no bad seat. $18 cover on a sat night with a 2 drink minimum. Only bad thing is the whole getting in ordeal. Here's a tip : when you get there and are facing the entrance -if you have a reservation, the line starts around the corner towards Minetta's Tavern. Then, MAKE SURE that somebody gives you a table # while your in line. Otherwise you'll get all the way to the front only to find that you need to go back and find the old lady who somehow skipped you when she gave out table numbers.
I love Comedy Cellar. So funny!! Have been here 3 times now and have never had  bad night.  Comedians are always funny, service is great, and small basement atmosphere is very cozy.  Make a reservation and get here a little early to ensure you get a good table, but there is really no bad view in this place.
Really fantastic comedy club in a great location.  Heading here is perfect for a date (maybe not the first) or with a bunch of friends. But be careful, if you sit in the front row you will be ridiculed, possibly several times throughout the night, so unless you're ready for that sit in the middle or back (all the seats feel close).   The cover + drink minimum is kind of frustrating, but this is instead of buying a ticket to a show, and you are getting nearly 2 hours of great comedy, from a variety of people.  We had about 5-6 different routines by jokesters from Comedy Central (primarily), SNL writers, etc.   As other reviewers mention, the free reservation system is essential for the weekend nights, and get there on time so you can get some service and seating before the show starts!
Just came back from an evening at the Comedy Cellar.   There is just no better place to see stand-up in New York, at any price, to say the least of its $18-per-ticket weekend price.   You sometimes get somewhat bigger headliners at the bigger clubs (Comix, Gotham, Caroline's) but no better entertainment -- and that's to say nothing of the terrific location in the heart of the Village.   And when you consider clubs of the same size or smaller than Comedy Cellar, the difference in caliber and consistency of performance is simply huge.  It is 100% pros at Comedy Cellar -- and while I appreciate the willingness of other places to get a bit farther out on the edge and give new guys and gals a shot, it comes at the (far too often realized) risk of going to show where there's a lot of uncomfortable silences and looking at watches as comics bomb.  Not a great way to spend scarce entertainment time! Getting down to specifics, once again, even at the early show (babysitting issue), a great time was had.  Eight comics -- six people on the line-up, the MC, and a surprise guest (in this case, Ray Romano).  All eight were hard-core pros Six of the eight were top-notch (A to A+ nights) and the remaining two were B+/A- at worst.   We hadn't had dinner (see, once again, babysitting) and thus used up some of our two-item minimum on food, and found it fine.  Nothing dramatic on the middle-eastern themed menu (we had a turkey burger, wings, greek salad) but perfectly well executed too.  Prices for both food and drink were entirely reasonable, which makes the two-item minimum entirely acceptable.
Because we didn't have time to fit in a Broadway show during our tourist visit, I scheduled for my friends and I to watch a comedy show instead.  Our show was started at 9:45pm, but we were standing outside for quite a while, even with reservations.   There were a few funny acts for a $20 cover charge.  I'm so sad I missed Tom Papa but we did get to see Godfrey! And our MC Ardie was HILARIOUS! He was funnier than some of the acts that night.  The 2 items I picked brought my rating down.  I had a Pink Lemonade cocktail which was basically water.  My friend and I each got the same mixed appetizer of pretzels, peanuts and chips; mine was all pretzels and his was all peanuts.  The place is very intimate and one person in our group was somewhat obnoxious so yes, I apologize for his heckling....BUT one waiter was extremely malicious and his remarks made me uncomfortable the whole night.  I was scared to laugh or clap too loudly because he stood next to our table staring at us the whole time. I will definitely come back here without the heckler in our group - I just met him that night and I disliked him as much as the waiter did
This place was a blast. We went on a Tuesday night and they had a no cover special on their website, but I would've paid one anyway. The comics were great. One star off because the chips we got as part of the two item minimum were stale as all hell.
Best comedy show yet. I went on a Saturday night- it was full but not over crowded. Comedians were insanely hilarious- of the 5 that went up, only 1 was mediocre, the other four were amazing. The host for the evening was a guy named Artie- he was so funny, right up there with the comics, if not funnier. Price was good at only $18 with food and drinks not too high either. Loved this place- I will go back again and again.
Great place to enjoy comedy! Great atmosphere and drinks. Food not bad either.
Been here 10-12 times and every time I have a blast.  Also have been lucky enough to see "big names" who just stroll in unannounced almost every time.  I'm beginning to think it's not my luck, but just the way this place is... which is even better! The weekend crowd is a bit touristy, but in general the Cellar is a guaranteed great night out.
If you are in new york city, I don't care what side of town you're on, go to the comedy cellar. That's all I have to say, JUST GO
Probably the best stand-up comedy club in the world. Certainly one of the toughest to get on stage at. The bigger places like Caroline's are more impersonal; more mainstream; more bridge-&-tunnel; and their acts are pretty much the same as what you'll see in Vegas. The Comedy Cellar is true New York stand-up: edgy, raw, underground, aimed at a hipper indie crowd, and bloody hilarious. Whenever I'm showing off NYC to a visitor from outta town, the Comedy Cellar is a must. On weekday nights you can get in for free using a coupon on the website. Go.
Comedy Cellar is a must for any native or tourist in New York. I don't think I've ever laughed more in my life and this is a way more fun ab workout than hitting the gym. We've been several times and will keep coming back every time we're in NYC. Like most comedy clubs, there is a two drink minimum. If you're cool with being part of the show and being the target of the comedians, go ahead and sit close to the stage but if you want to stay under the radar, ask to be seated in the back or off to the sides. I would highly recommend making a reservation online ahead of time and if you're lucky, you can enter to win same day free tix Sunday-Thursday by going to their website: comedycellar.com/special…
First off, be warned that you can't get in unless you are 21. Another reviewer mentioned going here when 18, but that is impossible since they check IDs upon entry. Secondly, the staff are some of the rudest people I have ever seen. The doormen and servers have serious attitude problems and this place will occasionally screw up reservations and make no effort to fix the problem (see other reviews), so be warned. This place still gets 3 stars because the comedians, themselves, are what you come here to see and the show is great.
This is a great little comdedy club, that truly delivers. The comediens are for the most part always great, and will have you crying from laughter. The service may not be the greatest, but its all about the show and having a good time with friends.
I went to the Comedy Cellar last night for their Sunday night late show and was completely blown away. The staff were friendly and attentive, the venue has a small and intimate vibe, and the comedians were fantastic. What made this experience one of the greatest in my life was that Kevin Hart showed up to practice some new material. Couldn't believe it, it was a very surreal experience and one I will remember forever. Thanks Comedy Cellar for a fantastic night we will be back!
myfavoritefavorite comedy club. always a good variety of self-deprecating acts, you can have option of dessert as part of the two-item minimum (chocolate cake is fairly decent), and getting in line early, with a party of two, can guarantee you a front-row seat of potential humiliation, which is always a great time.
I'll keep this pretty short as this place's awesomeness is well documented.  Came here on Columbus Weekend back in October.  I had forgotten to get tickets online so we stopped by the night we wanted to see a show and got put on the wait list.  We walked around a bit and came back closer to showtime.  We ended up being able to get in which was awesome!   It looked like most seats were pretty good as it is a small basement.  We were close to the stage off to the side.  We ordered some drinks, as there is a min. you have to spend per person.  It would have been a great experience as the host was funny and the first couple comedians were pretty funny, but what made it outstanding was that Robin Williams showed up and was on for 15 mins. or so.  Def. made the night.  Great experience.
This is really the only "show" I wanted to see when coming to New York. Legends worked out on that stage....very special to see it in person. If I lived around there I'd go regularly.
My favorite comedy club in the city - I actually have a lot of comedian friends and this is by far the best one there is in the city. A lot of the top comics perform here and you never know who will pop in and perform. John Mayer is a frequent visitor, as well as other celebrities who enjoy good comedy.   Make sure you make a reservation well in advance. There is a 10 dollar cover on weekdays with a two drink minimum but the cover can be avoided if you log on at  11am on the dot (day of) and get free passes (comedycellar.com).  This offer doesnt apply on weekends where there is a 15 dollar cover charge and 2 drink minimum. This is a really intimate club - the comics will talk to you and interact and some of them hang out afterwards so you can meet them.
We had a great night- maybe five (all male) comedians and an mc. All had their moments and three of the five were very good. The club itself is nice and small and you have to order at least 2 menu items. Setup is very efficient- these people know what they are doing. Very funny people and beer is brought to your table- what's not to like. Book online and go
Crowded? yes, to the point where your knees just might be touching someone you don't know.. or appreciate. On the other hand, you might be touching knees with someone hotter than you've ever touched before.. there's always a chance. Hilarious? yes, I have experienced surprise appearances by the likes of Chris Rock. I love Dave Attell, he's there frequently. I also like Nick DiPaolo, he's there less frequently. If you feel like going on a Tuesday which my fiance and I have done.. be ready for some crazy shit. Funny, but crazy. The comedians can be sometimes frightening. Your'e going to love it. Rules: Please don't try to 'outfunny' the comedians. Please don't try to 'explain yourself'. Please don't have a conversation during a comedy show, it's just weird, not to mention rude. Price- good Food- okay Comedy- Awesome
I've been here a few times now (Sunday, Monday, and Friday night). All the shows were solid - a good mix of comics. The place is small so you'll have no problem hearing or seeing. The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is if you end up sitting backwards or behind a pole you might have trouble seeing. The seating is cramped. In addition - the drinks and food are not too stellar. It's a 2 item minimum so I suggest stick with soda or something simple like chips. If you make a reservation get to the venue 15 minutes before hand so that you can pick the table you sit at.
We came here on a double date on Saturday night and had a great time.  The comedians were all really funny, with some being more hilarious than others.  We didn't see anyone that we really recognized but that doesn't so  much matter. The main reason I can't throw in the 5th star on this place is that the seating is awkward in some spots so we all had to sit sideways at our table unless we wanted sore necks by the end.  Also, the price is a bit high since the drinks are pricey and you need to order two items each (not necessarily an alcoholic drinks).   So we spent nearly $100 for the evening per couple which isn't something we will do every weekend.  But my boyfriend expressed a desire to come back here again soon so I am sure we will.
This place is cool but the comics weren't so funny! I hope to give it another chance some other day.
Simply out of this world!!! All the guys were so funny and spontaneous, interacting with the audience and stuff... I don't know which one I liked the most :)) Nice cocktails and and good food, perfect in case you are called to go on stage too and want that extra energy... :P Why do I give it 4 stars? Just for the seats: definitely too small place between the various tables. But in some ways it make the setting even more 'real' =) Ciao!
This place is awesome. It's small but it gives you the feel of intimacy. This was the first comedy show i've been too and to be honest with you I don't know if anything can top this place.
Absolutely loved it !!! What a great place and so many talents !!
I saw Louis CK and my friend's roommate's sister's boyfriend (really!) as well as a bunch of other comics I didn't know. Nice venue, very expensive for the weekend shows but not out of the ordinary for a comedy club. I heard the weekday covers are a lot cheaper. The food was super expensive and it sucked, but we snuck some pizza in from the place next door (forgot the name) and they were OK with it.
I'm a WEE bit on the claustrophobic side, so this venue makes me a little (read: very) nervous. You're elbow-to-elbow with twenty other people, but it's all for a good show and good laughs, right? So I sucked up my need for space and really enjoyed the show. It's great that you can see so many people in one swift shot, and Jim Norton even popped by to fancy us with his delights. It's great to become a part of the show (I got picked on for being a Judaic studies masters student ... what a worthless degree the comedian quipped!), and seeing the comedians upstairs afterward is a definite delight. I hope to go back, if for no other reason than to dine upstairs, but are there any comedy clubs in the world that, you know, have a couple extra feet of room?
How could you not give 5 stars to this place.  Every time I have been here I have laughed my A off.  I make my friends take me here on my birthday and they always have a blast.  Awesome date spot, just hope they don't single you out to pick on.  Time and Time again I have seen big names for just a $15 cover.  I've seen Seinfeld, Norton, Chapelle and just tons of other great stand ups.
Had a great time here - even if my fiance knocked over (and broke) her glass of whatever girly drink she got!  ;-)  (I HAVE to keep giving her a hard time about that) We had 5 or 6 comedians that night...I've never been to a comedy club showcasing that many comedians.  It was fun and kept the pace going.  The host was great, and the highlights that night were Sherrod Small and  Elon Gold.  Jim Norton was good as well. Great, intimate club.  You can tell there's a lot of comedy history in that basement...or...cellar.  Had a great time...and at a great price as well.
Great place to have a meal and be entertained.  I did my research before planning a company outing to this place and it paid off.  Great lineup and good drinks.  Definitely recommend trying this place in NYC out first.
Made reservations for Sunday 11pm show - not really sure why I bothered with them - you just walk in and get seated. They don't stop between the 9 and 11 show - they just keep going - so it seems like a never-ending show. People just get up and leave whenever they want. Sherrod Small was great...Joe Fisch was really funny. The comedians weren't all great - but when you get 15 comedians doing 15 minute sets - it's not a surprise... But all in all - it was a good time.
Off the charts. This place is fantastic, we had the most amazing time here. The venue is incredibly small and the chairs are almost on top of one another, but it doesn't matter, you'll be laughing the entire time.
We knew how famous this place was so we were super excited to come here. We love Louis CK and just knowing he's a regular stand up here was very cool. The show was at 11pm and even though we had reservations we still waited in line for about 20 min. outside. Luckily we were close to the head of the line so we scored seats inches from the stage. Expect to get picked on if your close. We managed to dodge that bullet. This place is tiny so expect to sit shoulder to shoulder with the stranger next to you. We still enjoyed it. There were 7 comedians including the host. These were the headliners: Amy Schumer. We've seen her before in San Jose so sadly most of her material we already heard. Dave Attell - his shtick is rough and raunchy (not a fan). James Smith - Probably my favorite out of the bunch and not just because he has an Australian accent and on Flight of the Conchords, but that helps.
Awesome! Just got back from a set where Chris rock decided to drop in and do an hour set! A great way to spend $10.
This place is a must go-to place, at least once in your life. It's chock full of rather well-known comedians, folks like Dave Attell, that Indian guy from Park and Recreation, Colin Quinn, that long-haired guy from 30 Rock, and many other 'oh, I know that guy' type of guys.  Most of them you'll recognize from shows, or stand-up comedy in places like Comedy Central and the Tonight Show.  Not that I watch the latter, but that's what I'm told. There are usually two shows in the evenings, with different lineups (a regular and a late-night)  and you've got no choice but to order in advance, it gets booked fast. There's a hell of a lot of improv.  They always pick on the audience, so don't sit in the front row unless you relish attention to the point of masochism. If it's such a quintessentially a New York experience, it's funny that 75% of the place at any given time are tourists...    I wish I had discovered this place sooner.  European tourists flock here but we don't?   I have to deduct stars, though.  Oh, I'll still be coming back here, but I have to warn you:  the place is cramped, service slow, and the attitude gruff.  The last time I went there, the big bouncer inside prevented us from leaving (yes, I said 'leaving') because there was only one stamp on the receipt, and there were three of us.  We had already paid, of course, but the waiter forgot to stamp it properly.  "Go get em" barked the wide, bulldog-countenanced bouncer, forcing my friend to go back in the place to search around for the waiter *himself*, who later apologized.  Another time, they crammed us in a table of three, when we were four, even though we'd already reserved, causing our food plates to be entirely cramped and on top of one another.  And all the times I went there, I had to wait forever to order drinks (good thing you can order a pitcher).   In that sense, it is an old-style New York experience, I guess. They don't have to clean up their act, though, because the place is good enough and popular enough that people will always be coming back.  Including myself.
I like the vibe of this place. It's cool. It's hip. It's underground. Literally. It's also tiny that no matter where you sit, you have a perfect view of the stage. The talent is hilarious and merciless if you are sitting in the front row. They will pick on you till its not even funny anymore and they will keep picking on you till it becomes funny again. My only gripe is the food. They have this whole middle eastern cuisine going that doesn't always appeal to the masses. I think they'd be better off with classics like mozzarella sticks and calamari.
I've had many a great fun-filled nights at the Comedy Cellar. The shows are long and the laughs are longer. Great comedians go there just to screw up, and see how well they can do crowd control. I've seen comedians take the bullet and come back to a standing ovation. Obviously not every comedian is good. Some are just blue because they don't know better and will pretty much always suck--but it also depends on your taste in comedy. The worst thing about this place is the booze. I remember going there one night awhile back and ordering a car bomb. They didn't know how to make it, so I ordered the ingredients separately. For 2 car bombs, it cost me about 30 bucks. My ass hurt a little that night, but at least it was funny.
Comedy Cellar has to be one of the best spots for live comedy in the city. The location is ideal - heart of the village and its small and intimate layout is either terrible or fantastic depending on your personal preference (I gave 5 stars so clearly I'm with the latter). It's pretty affordable compared to a place like Caroline's and you're usually guaranteed one or two bigger names. I've never had a bad experience and have been many times, always hilarious. I'd agree with most others in recommending you make reservations and get there a bit early, just to be safe.
I don't know why everyone gets in line here.  Once you get your tickets and given your set of numbers, you already have an assigned seat.  The Woman and I got there in the beginning and were asked if we didn't mind sitting in the front row.   We were given a piece of paper with numbers on it and sent on our way.  Don't worry about getting in line.  Just show up and they'll take you to your seats.  I saw some people waiting in line for 40 minutes.  Not worth it.  Spend the time at a cafe or just walking back and forth on MacDougal instead.
My Village ritual :)
My friend and I went here on Saturday and had such a great time. Only one of the acts wasn't really our style but the rest were hilarious. I'm so sad I don't remember anyone's names! But the lady at the end who was acting like she was drunk (or maybe she wasn't acting) was the BEST. Her words of advice to women looking for men: cook, shut up, put out. In that order. That pretty much sums it up! I had 2 dirty martinis which were strong and helped the laughs come easier! My recommendation: make reservations online so that you can try to guarantee yourself a seat and get there with time to spare. Otherwise, you might not be seated.
I have been coming quite a bit times. The first time you will go  there, be prepared to be blown off your feet. I decided to check it out again after 2 years. It wasn't that funny anymore because the jokes with some comedian was the same so it lost it cool. One other thing that change was the cover charge, before it was $10 and now it is $18 which killed our credit card on top of 2 drinks that you are required to get. This place was great for budget conscious people. I would rather shell out $25 for a good comedy place where you know the comedians will be different. I will not come back again but I would recommend people to check it out if you are going there for first time.
We had so much fun at the Comedy Cellar! All the comedians were great. If you're looking for fantastic comedy and you love to spend a lot of money, come to the Comedy Cellar! You will be laughing so hard as you spend that $100+!
A great room for comedy...just the right size, and an atmosphere that feels "New York-y".  Don't ask...it's a real thing!  Always a solid lineup (we got a surprise set from Jerry Seinfeld once!) with VERY intimate seating...you aren't more than 30 feet from the stage anywhere in the room.  Yeah, there's a two-item minimum, but where isn't there?  It's STANDARD.  If you don't want to pay, then stay home and watch Comedy Central.  It will ALWAYS be a stop when I visit NYC.
Comedy Cellar should be on everyone's must-do list. A great alternative to the usual movie or theater outings. Not meant for the easily-offended or overly politically-correct types. KNOW THIS: 1. Make reservations online in advance for Thurs-Sun nights. 2. Cover charge PLUS 2-item per person minimum (food or drink). 3. Order BOTH of your items during the first round of ordering. Even if you're getting 2 drinks, you're better off ordering them both right at the beginning because the staff's timing to get the second round of orders is terrible. (I think the comedians don't really like them walking around too much.) 4.The hummus and the babaghanoush are excellent. 5. Drinks are okay. Don't expect a perfect cocktail. Beers are safe bets. 6. When you are outside waiting to enter, someone will come around to check your reservation and assign you a number. This is your seat number. If you don't want to sit in the front or don't want to be smooshed in a corner, then this is your chance to say so!
i almost missed this place cos its literally a cellar! the space is really well done, so wherever you sit you have a good view of the stage..probably cos its also a small club..but this also means you don't have to strain to see or to hear the comedian! i got the burger and fries (filling, not awesome but still pretty darn good) and a cocktail (strong but still has a hint of fruity flavor..i did order a fruity drink) only downside is no reception at all but then i have an iphone w/att. thanks for the many laughs and good food!
I have seen at least a handful of shows at this place and the comedians are pretty awesome plus you famous comedians will sometimes randomly drop by for the late night shows. I really only have 2 complaints... 1. the place is small and you get VERY friendly with your neighbors as they pack people in like sardines. 2. The guy who has been the MC there for what seems like forever is funny....the first time but after a few years you expect this guy to change up his jokes a little but instead I am forced to sit through the same material every single time. Ugh. I have a few tips for first timers planning to visit the cellar: 1. Make reservations (seriously, you may not get a table without one) 2. Unless you want to be the butt of a few jokes ask to be seated anywhere except the front row. Plus if your on a first date, the front row will promise to make the experience truly awkward.
Great line up every time.
Ok, how can one not give this place anything but 4-5 stars? Came here while visiting NYC one weekend in the hopes to catch Louie CK's 10p show. Didnt buy tix ahead of time ... fail. Arrived to find the line all the way around the building. So, decided what the hell, lets go in for a couple drinks. Walked in the bar toward the back, and, oh yeah, who's hangin out but Louie CK himself on his lappytop at a table. We say hello, you know, all casual and cool, when really, in my head, I'm thinking "ASK HIM TO GET US IN!"...Ahem. Anyway, had our drinks, and as were leaving, we find Louie CK outside, filming his opening credits for his FX show. With Doug Stanhope on the sidelines smoking a butt. Seriously, this sh*t happens nowhere but NYC. We may not have seen the show, but we definitely had a memorable experience here and will definitely be back to see shows and hopefully meet a few more comedians. If it's good enough for Louie, it's good enough for me.
Talk about a great value for entertainment.  What a great, fast paced show in an intimate environment.  I was sure the minimum drink/food requirement would really jack up the cost, but that wasn't the case at all.  And the host, Ardie Fuqua, couldn't be better.  He's also the friendliest and most approachable person, before and after the show.  Oh yeah, I guess the most important part...hilarious comedy to be had.
Incredible value!  At this place you can see a handful of really great comics (not out-of-town open-mic hacks), most of whom regularly play much bigger clubs and even theatres otherwise...not to mention their regular appearances on TV. Can get crazy crowded, but so worth it.
Not sure what more you want from a comedy club.  Intimate, fun, and often with a surprise, famous comedian on stage, this place is everything you want for a great night out. (Aziz, from Parks and Rec, made a surprise appearance when we went!) Definitely recommend reserving online in advance and even trying for the free cover pass on the website under "Specials".
As a kid, I grew up going to punk shows at venues like Coney Island High and Wetlands. So I always enjoy any kind of entertainment that's in a small, intimate room, where the performer is right in front of your face. You definitely get that here, as most seats in the Comedy Cellar practically put you right next to the comedian. If you don't want to become part of the act, you'll be given the option to sit near or away from the stage when you come in - if you go with the first option, be prepared to become the target of a joke or two. Especially if you're with a date - you may be asked some embarrassing questions about your relationship. The lineups they have for comedians are definitely solid, and it's a good two hours of entertainment. The only downside is that the food and drinks aren't great - not that you should expect wonderful culinary masterpieces at a basement comedy club. Just go in knowing that. Tip: If you go to the first show, you can stay in your seat and watch the second show without paying the cover again.
This is a great place -- the comedians are amazing. The hour or hour and a half of non stop comedy is really good. I dont think I ever found one of the comedians boring it was a constant roar of laughter. The drinks are great too and love this place I am planning on going back there soon;)
This was my first ever comedy club in New York. I'm far from a newbie when it comes to comedy shows. I've been to tons in the bay area but this was my first one in NYC while on vacation. I received an email asking for feedback which I already responded so i'll make it succinct. Positives: Obviously the comedians. Pretty solid lineup across the board. Service was great. I don't know if I lucked out but Tom was very quick with everything; a complete antithesis of my experience at the "Purple Onion" in SF months back. Option to sit. Some can't handle the front. So you get the option of going to the back if you'd like. Slight Negatives: Crowd control was minimal. A few douche bags next to me were talking more than they should during the show. To you people, STFU! Laughing is fine but why the heck are you going to a comedy show if you keep talking and aren't paying attention? No distinct lines initially prior to the show. A few signs would go a long way. Overall, I had a decent time.
Definitely all about the special online offer, with free admission. I took someone here from out of town (Aussie) and while she was slightly frightened, it was the perfect place to take someone to show them a piece of New York. The comedy was pretty good and the drinks reasonable and the whole experience pretty top notch. My complaints? They cut us off drinking after only like 4 drinks each and it's not like we were gettin rowdy or anything, I guess it's just their policy. And, by the way, you really can't move at all----the name Comedy CELLAR is well earned. Overall a pretty cool place though.
Sometimes it can be hard to figure out different and fun things to do on a date other than dinner followed by getting drunk at a nearby bar...but last week I opened up Yelp and lo' and behold, a review of Comedy Cellar was right on the homepage. Ding ding ding! Why hadn't I thought of this before? I immediately went to the website to make a reservation. The later shows were already booked so I opted for the 7pm show. I recognized a couple of the names on the line-up but honestly, I didn't care who was performing. The host was hilarious. The first guy up was a young guy who was very funny...Jerome or Jermaine something. Then there was this other funny guy who was kinda nerdy and talked slowly. He was funny, too. Next up was Jim Norton, who wasn't my favorite, but was still entertaining. Then Darrell Hammond from SNL got up there. He was disheveled and seemed drunk. He was the least funny of the line-up. After Darrell was this young guy whose name I cannot for the life of me remember. But he was hilarious! But the last performer was.....wait for it....LOUIS CK! He is my absolute favorite comedian these days and I just bought tickets for his tour a couple weeks ago! I could not believe he was the surprise guest!! My face was sore from laughing so hard! LOVE LOVE LOVE The Comedy Cellar...you never know who's going to pop in!
I love coming here!! I always have a good time and I have been here multiple times in the past few years.
When you need a laugh, the Comedy Cellar is sure to cure all your sadness and worries. In the past month I have seen Chris Rock and Sara Silverman here. The prices are reasonable and the crowd is great. This is must-do for locals and tourists.
Awesome lineup.  Drinks are overpriced, but the live show is worth it.  Make sure you see a good lineup, but the lower level guys were awesome also.  Host is great
If you are contemplating things to to in NYC this is something to put on your list.  They had pretty good comics.  We were in NY for a week and stopped here twice.  One night Chris Rock was showed up and was on stage for little over half hour.   They keep the drinks coming, the burgers we ordered were pretty good too.
Best comedy room I've ever been to!
FIVE STARS!! Emcee ARDIE FUQUA! It has come to a point where I do not even look at the lineup. As long as Ardie is emceeing, I KNOW I am guaranteed some seriously ishts & giggles. The man simply has skills. What can I tell you? He can take ANYTHING & simply make it the most hysterical thing I have ever heard. By NO stretch of the imagination, The Comedy Cellar is at the top of my list BECAUSE of Ardie. The comedians are great: Godfrey & James Smith are two noteworthy regulars. The last time I went, Marlon Wayans was sitting in front of me. I hung out with Ardie & some of the other comedians that had a set that night, along with some friends. John Mayer had contacted James Smith about an impromptu set that he would be doing at The Village Underground. John Mayer played till something like 5AM or 6AM in the morning. He killed it, of course. He is a PHENOMENAL performer. I was blown away. When we walked out, it was daylight, the paparazzi were all abuzz. I was in Star Magazine, that month. It was a horrible shot, but SO random that it remains one of my favorite worst shots ever. :-) BUT I DIGRESS -- it is to say that Ardie is the life of the party. When he is in the building, the night most definitely gets very interesting in a New York minute! :-) I love any celebrity who treats EVERYONE well. Through & through, he is the heart of that place. Go to Cafe Wha (next door) for a drink before the show, LAUGH YOUR PATOOTIE OFF at The Cellar, & go upstairs to Olive Tree Cafe afterward. One great night in NY within one block: oh, the efficiency. :-)  Check it out & experience it for yourself. If you have a sense of humor, it is safe to say that YOU WILL LOVE IT.
Lowlifes that do NOT honor your reservation
We've been to the Comedy Cellar three or four times now.  Always for a 10:30 Saturday show.   For first timers, the ritual here kind of reminds me of the Seinfeld Soup Nazi episode, because the process is unusual, but it works for a place like this.  Tell the bouncer that you're here for your reservation (make one online) and you get directed down the block to another person.  They will point the way to the end of the line, around the corner from the club.  Then stand there and wait to be checked in.  (I've only been asked if we wanted a table in the front on our first visit, and I wish we'd have taken it.  They make fun, but it's not too brutal IF you can laugh at yourself.  If you can't, then decline.)  If you're drunk/rowdy in line, the bouncers will let you know to tone it down inside.  It's a tiny room. Once in, you have a good chance of seeing a comedian that you know, if you're a fan of stand-up.  We've seen Amy Schumer, Dan Soder and Colin Quinn here, as well as a few that have been on the late night shows. No experience with the food, because we've always come after dinner.  The servers do not come around often enough for anyone to get hammered, and I think they probably like it that way. The space is very tight, and you have a close-up connection with the comics.  Pretty much anyone in the audience can be called out, but the front row seats are definitely the main target.  (Kind of awkward last time when the guy in the front said that he was a recovering addict and his girl was his former counselor, but didn't want to engage the comic in any follow-up questions.  All good, tho.) The bottom line is this:  We stay overnight in NYC about 3 times/year and I now try to schedule our dinner reservations around the start time of the shows here.  A perfect night is a great meal followed by a late night at "The Cellar."
We always have a blast here!  Lineups have great comedians and some celebrity ones; weve seen Sarah silverman there (who was testing some very off color material) Daryl Hammond, Judah friedlander for example.
On any given night you can be walking into the Cellar and getting a A+ comedy line-up! Well, unless Rich Vos is there. Teee-heee... Seriously though, its intimate, cozy and a great venue to see some of the better acts in comedy. It's in a great neighborhood; so you can walk outside and walk into another bar, one of the good lil' shacks to eat falafel etc. and its near other landmark places to eat. As for the comedy; tickle me pink. Admission is a fair price. The waiter staff is solid. Oh, as for the comedy... Dave Attell, Jim Norton, Paul Mercurio, Colin Quinn, you name it...on any given night. Heck, I've been in there randomly and seen Dave Chapelle and Chris Rock.
The Comedy Cellar is my favorite place in the world.  If you aren't sore from laughing when you leave, you are brain dead!  It's useless to name all of the superstar comics I've seen destroy there, because the guys and girls I've never heard of before shred just as hard.  Comics revere the Cellar and treat it like the special comedy holy land that it is, making each and every night electric.  If you stop by early in the week, there's a good chance of seeing one of their super famous comedian drop ins.   Screw the Empire State Building, forget the Statue of Liberty, the Comedy Cellar is the most important stop for anyone visiting New York City.
This place was GREAT. Maybe I just got lucky to have a front-and-center seat that was far enough away from the comedians picking on me (prime spot, seriously) and not crammed like most reviews have griped. It's an intimate space, that's for sure, but the comedians are funny enough for you to forget about the big Jersey guy and tourist strangers that you're crammed between. Order a pitcher of beer for your two-drink minimum and you will definitely get the most bang for your buck. Make rservations and get there early...even the reservation line is ridiculous. Great place to take a visitor you're comfortable with, but maybe not your parents or a date (can get a little awkward)!
Famous, hilarious comedians.  Fun atmosphere.  Good burgers.  Service is a little slow but who cares.
Time: On a Wednesday Location: Great. There are so many other places to go after the show. Price: $10 cover and 2 item minimum. Food: I had the middle eastern dish which was good enough. Drinks: Only had a French connection tasted great and was strong which gets nothing but praise from me. Music: Mostly salsa with some Bachata and merengue. Good live music but I don't know which days. Crowd: Didn't really pay much attention to the crowd sorry. Pros: Awesome comedians, I recognized most of them from comedy central and they were all great. Of course some were much better than others but in the end it was money well spent. Cons: The only issue I had was the size of the place, I could barely move in my seat.
If you like to laugh and are not interested in 'Disney Humor' GO!!! I saw a great line-up of comedians and the mc was AWESOME.  Dave Attel was headlining for the 11:30pm show.  My boyfriend and I made a reservation for it online (on their website) which you MUST do if you want to get in.  Also, you line up around the corner of Cafe Wha at 11:00.   DONT.BE.LATE. This line is just to be checked in per your reservation.  We showed up at 11:02 and there were 3 parties ahead of us.  We still got a table front and center, and served as comedic fodder for every comedian that night.  If you go in the winter LAYER UP!!! We had to wait in line until 11:30ish to be let in and seated. *If you dont make a res. you are on stand-by. *The line for people WITH a reservation was a mile long, so dont expect to make it in on Stand-by. *Dont try to fake a reservation, the woman who checked us in was rough on people in line without one. Once in the door... You must pick 2 items off the menu minimum - they can be food or drinks.  Drinks were reasonably priced, there is table service, and the food menu was pretty good. It is definitely packed inside, but i think it adds to the atmosphere and fun! I wouldnt go with more than 4 people as your seating options become smaller. Once the show started.... Do NOT go here if you are easily offended by racism/sexism/religious comments/stereotypes/profanity.  Make sure you can laugh at yourself, and dont try to talk back to the comedians if they pick on you. (no one paid to listen to you jabber on about your beliefs.  I had a girl in my audience who wouldn't shut her trap.  I dont think she understood the concept of a comedy club vs a debate club) All the comedians were totally 'on' that night and I loved every minute of it. Including the insults directed at me and my date.
Comedians are pretty damn hilarious. Drinks are not overpriced (6$ for a beer) and they don't automatically charge 20% on your tab like other comedy clubs. The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is because their reservation system is not great. They don't confirm your reservation and you can't buy tickets in advance so it turns out to be pretty much a first come first served system. If you live in the city that's ok, but if you come from afar...
Best in the city.  Always great comics, attentive wait staff, and friendly crowd.  Make reservations.
A small, intimate spot made for the perfect comedy experience. I went on one of their "nasty nights", which was only a $10 cover. The Comedy Cellar is known for having surprise guests. Before I went to the show, I remember telling my friend that I would die if Aziz came on. In fact, I was using "the secret" so that he would show up. To enjoy one of the shows, you have to make a reservation online and then go line up early to ensure a spot near the stage. I was not so lucky since I came solo and lost a table that would have been closer. There were quite a few comedians that came on and I almost peed in my pants from laughing so much and from enjoying Godfrey live! THEN all of a sudden they introduced...come on think hard...AZIZ! The secret worked for me! Not only did I have a blast meeting new people around me, but I also came out still laughing from all the jokes that were told.
Great value!
This place is great . . . and by the time I left my insides actually hurt from having been hysterical laughing the entire night. The actual setting is very intimate, small, and dimly lit, with low ceilings and great sound which really brings out the room and makes it a great stage as most seats in the Comedy Cellar practically put you right next to the comedian. The seating can be a little tight so best to intruduce and get to know your neighbors as the table seating is practically one on top of the other.     If you really don't want to become part of the act it's best to ask to be seated in the back or off to the sides when you first arrive and you'll be given the option to sit away from the stage. However . . if you do decide to sit up in the front, be prepared to become part of a joke or two. its a comedy show and it's mean't to be fun ... so don't take anything too personal. However this show is not for the easily-offended. It's recommended making a reservation online ahead of time . . . I did mine during like mid-week for a Saturday night and most shows had already been sold-out. *REMEMBER the space is small so most weekend shows sell out really quick. If your lucky and in the area they also have a stand-by call list for last minute seats that may become available . . so if you don't have reservations and still want to see the show it also doesn't hurt to try this. Like most comedy clubs, there is a two drink minimum. But I don't know of any other live show in the city that isn't. Overall though the entertainment lineups they have for stand-up comedians are definitely worth it . . and it's a good two hour show ranging from a variety of writers from Comedy Central, HBO, Curb Your Enthusiasm and Saturday night Live etc. and you really cant beat it for the talent quality of these comedians. ** Hint - Check out the Olive Tree Cafe upstairs after the show . . it's a great place to have a drink afterwards and many of the comedians you just saw can be routinely sitting at the bar hanging out.
Let me just say, make a reservation! This place was packed, with another line of 30-40 people hoping that someone wouldn't show so they could get a spot. The place was a little crowed, but being from out of town, it was nice to sit at a table with some locals. The people in the front row got ripped on a lot, so if your a little shy, best not ask to sit there. The food was so/so, the drinks were good, and the laughs just kept on coming. Would definitely go back!
I really recommend making reservations. A friend and I arrived on New Years Eve Eve and we were told that all shows were sold out and that we could come back and wait in the standby line around the side of the building 30 minutes before the next show. We arrived an hour early and there were still a handful of people in front of us. If you're not one of the first dozen people or so, don't bother waiting in the standby line. My friend and I got in and were sat at a small table in the back corner stage left. Cover was $24 for each show since they considered it a holiday, plus they have a two item minimum. The waitresses expect you to tip on the whole bill, including the cover charge and can get snippy if you don't. We had a very good line-up of beginners and at least semi-famous comics including Sarah Silverman, Tom Papa and Neil Brennan. The bathrooms were horrendous and were poorly planned. Probably the worst bathrooms I've ever seen. I was constantly in fear of getting smacked in the face with a door and it looked like someone tried to eat the roll of toilet paper that was placed in the super small stall. Overall we enjoyed it and got in some really good laughs.
Awesome. Tight quarters give a truly unique feel.
Hilarious!!! Went here Sunday evening on Labor Day weekend, so basically like going on a Saturday night. **Word to the wise--MAKE RESERVATIONS!!!** Made reservations so we were in the clear. This is a small venue very cozy, and you will end up laughing with strangers who are seated right next to you. I believe four comedians performed and there was the host as well. He was hysterical!!! Wish I could remember his name, too many bourbon drinks will make you forget important info. Don't be all sensitive either, you could possibly be picked on...I was, but it was all in good fun. The tickets were $18 and then you have to purchase 2 items per person, but this could be anything from food, booze or even a soda I think. My boy toy and I had 3 bourbons each and the two tickets came to $87. Not bad I guess. Comedy shows in Vegas are more than $18 and the comedians are not as funny. Our server was on top of it, being a critical bizotch bartender my drink never went empty. Good service and kudos to whomever he was. The only downfall about this place is the bathroom. Girls expect to wait in line, like always. But hey you're in NY and the building is old so small bathrooms are to be expected. We meandered up to the bar upstairs for shots, uh I mean cocktails afterwards with the couple we met who were sitting next to us. Can't remember leaving, but we got back to the hotel safely, stopped at the Halal cart and managed to wake up not pregnant. All in all it was a great night.
Our first stab at a NYC comedy club and we made the right choice.  Small intimate room - 5-6 comedians - all funny - some better than others- each trying out their material.  Some seasoned veterans.  Names that I recognized/recall -  Aziz Ansari from Parks and Recreation, Colin Quinn - SNL, etc.    Affordable and fun - seating is tight so leave the bulky sweater in the car.
I went to the Comedy Cellar for the first time on Sunday.  11pm show.  $14 cover w/ two beverage or menu item per person minimum - was cheap for two and a half hours of a rollicking, knee slapping great time.  My face hurt by the end of it... so much so that I'm pretty sure I prematurely developed some facial lines and wrinkles.  Still worth it. And can you say unscheduled-set-by-Aziz-Ansari?! That was awesome. I'm still smiling.
Love this place! if i could give it TEN stars i would!! if you like comedy this is the place to go, small and very intimate.
On this past Monday night, I had the opportunity to attend a taping for Louis CK's new show of FX called Louie (that should be coming out sometime later this year!) at the Comedy Cellar, and let me tell you, I LOVED this comedy club! You could almost feel the history, besides the millions of pictures of comedians that have performed there over the years. I love its old style with intimate tables and unique set up, under ground, below the Olive Tree Cafe. Going to a taping there was particularly awesome, but I would definitely be back again to see another show. This place epitomizes the underground comedy scene in NYC and I loved it!
I love the Comedy Cellar - this, basically, is how comedy should be! It's smaller than the likes of Carolines, personally I prefer comedy in smaller venues so that's a plus for me. Go midweek if you're looking for a cheaper, earlier night but still with 5 or 6 great comedians. Make reservations if you can, normally you're fine without them, but for those times when a big name does pop in there's nothing worse than standing the in the stand-by line and not getting in [i've been there - it's no fun!]
Unfortunately, I do have to say that I was disappointed with my visit to the Comedy Cellar Underground. I found out about it through Yelp and the reviews were great, so I thought I would take my boyfriend for a birthday surprise. I understand it's obviously a small place, but please do not sit a couple with a bunch of random people. We had to sit at a table with 4 other people (who were all together) and my boyfriend and I couldn't even sit together. Then to top it off, the couple sitting beside me were extremely intoxicated, loud, and obnoxious. I could barely hear/see the entire time. The cost of the cover was ridiculous! $20/person?! If it were someone preforming that was famous then I could understand, but I had never heard of any of these people. You also should disclaim on your site or before you book a reservation that it requires each person to buy 2 items. I wasn't aware of this and was very upset when I learned of my few choice options. I don't drink alcohol or soda, so my option was water. $4 for a cheap bottle of water?! Are you kidding me?! I was shocked when I saw the bill. The food was horrible too. The fact that I paid $65 for a not very funny show to sit beside people I don't even know who were loud, drunk, and obnoxious blows my mind. My opinion is to lower the cover and drop the 2 items rule. I had a horrible first experience and I will not be back.
I love to bring friends to this place and have an evening full of joy
Great (and popular!) comedy location. We went for the 10:30 showing, which featured 6 comedians, five of which we all agreed were pretty funny. What was great about our line-up at least was that the different comedians seemed to have different styles of comedy, so in the end people in our group couldn't agree on who we thought was the funniest. Some points: -You have to make a reservation in advance, and even with a reservation you have to show up relatively early for your showing. There are 4 showings/night -There's both cover ($20-24) and a two-item minimum; cocktails run $8-10, so it could be a bit pricier than you think going in. -If you sit in the "front row", you're almost guaranteed to be made fun of at some point in the night. This is also true if you admit it's your birthday, anniversary, or if you in general just look funny. -Desserts count towards your two-item minimum, and the options look pretty tasty.
One of the best date spots in the city. Always 2 to 3 good comics and a blast
So if you're visiting NYC, you have to make reservations at the Comedy Cellar!! This place is known to have famous comedians just "drop in" and perform. The night I went, Amy Schumer and Tracy Morgan were the celebrity comedians on deck!! Warning, there is a 2 drink minimum. However, you can drink tea if you're not into spending money on cocktails. I could sense our waitress was annoyed my friend and I weren't drinking excessively or ordering food (we'd gone to dinner shortly before the show, so tough luck lady!) We even had to argue with her when she tried to tell us we hadn't fulfilled the "2 drink minimum" towards the end of the show, which we had!  But all in all, we laughed our asses off. The unknown comedians were actually some of my favorites! We sat up front, which is fair game to be capped on by the comedians. But we took it all in stride. The room is small and dark, and the line starts to form about 1/2 hr before the show so be prepared! And warning, if you use the restroom in between gigs- you are going to get made fun of by the MC! LOL. (The room is so small you have to pass the stage in order to get to the bathroom) And after the show, a lot of the comedians hang out front to take pictures and chat. So yea! You gotta go! Because who knows what surprise celebrity might crash the set?It'll be a nice story to tell.
Love it! Been here a few times and its great! Comedians are hilarious the host is great , great drinks and and i always have a great time.
This comedy club holds a place in my heart for being the first comedy club I ever went to when I was 18 and fresh faced visiting NYC. Since then I have been to many on both coasts and even worked at The Improv as a server, but this is still my favorite. I enjoy the "cellar" part of the club and the intimate feeling you get from being so close to the comedians and other attendees. Food and drinks are just as sucky as every comedy club, but you're not their for the nachos, you're their for the laughs folks!
I normally hate going to comedy clubs where there is a cover AND a minimum of what you have to order from the bar/kitchen, but the comics were all pretty good and it was for a friend's birthday so it evened out in the end. The food is not the best. I'd probably stick to the Mediterranean platter if you order any food. I had the chicken kebab sandwich which was ok, but not anything I would ever order again. This place basically gets four stars because the comics kept me laughing the whole night!
This place is very intimate. Go for a date night and sit in the front row! Comedians are hilarious and they always have a great host! Love this place!
JENNIFER ANNISTON & JOHN MAYOR siting here!...the last Saturday show we went to. Oh, and the show was AWESOME as always...
Went to Comedy Cellar last time I was in NY and had a blast. Sat in the front row and  was insulted repeatedly the entire night-- all part of the experience! Ardie Fuqua was hosting, got everybody pumped up and ripping on everyone during the breaks. ALL the comedians were funny, none stop edgey comedy the whole night and Aziz Ansari dropped in as a surprise at the end. I'll be back there next time in town.
Decided last minute to try and watch a show on a Friday, either at the Comedy Cellar or the Village Underground. Online reservations were closed so I tried the standby lines. Comedy Cellar had a standby list for the 8:45PM show. I was there at 7PM and managed to be among the early names on the list. We went away and came back at 8:45pm. Once they seat those with reservations, they go down the standby list. They seem to have quite a few spots - probably about 20-30 for standbys. The security/ bouncers were quite organized and friendly explaining how to get on the list, and when to come back. So all in all, I am glad we tried to attend and got in. The comedy lineup was great that night - 4/5 outstanding comics, and the seating space is much nicer than a lot of other dingy comedy clubs in NYC. They are very strict on no phones (off, not silent) and no recording allowed or else they throw you out. Cover was $24, with a 2 item minimum. Beers were $5-$6 and wine about $7. They charge the cover and drinks together at the end of the night. To exit, you have to show your paid receipt. All in all, it was a great night. Ill definitely return, but that time with a reservation (hopefully). PS - If you go to the Village Underground, they don't have a standby list. I was told I would need to stand in a line and wait until they sat the 8:30 show (so standing from around 7:30pm) and then they go down the line. I opted for Comedy Cellar as there is more certainty when your name is on a list. Plus you can go away and have a meal while you wait for the show time.
Booked a table for 8 and 11 people showed up for a friend's birthday. Idiots. Don't bring your oh-so-cool-I-don't-laugh-at-jokes boyfriends and drunk-as-f girlfriends to a comedy show. I did not like getting yelled at for other people at my table talking back to the host when he tells you to shut your mouth. OMG! The birthday girl laughed the most and we were center of attention. Her laugh is contagious! I had a fantastic time despite all that other stuff I just bitched about lol. On to the after party!
I'm not sure why people say this place has a good vibe. The people who work there have major snob attitudes. In addition, I was shocked by the mediocre and disappointing lineup. One of the bouncers is a nasty piece of work. It was a friend's birthday the night I went last and he tried to accuse him of having a fake ID. Who would want to get accused like this on their birthday? Never going back.
I've been here three times now-- twice it was HILARIOUS, once was okay.  (The host last time was actually the funniest of the bunch.) Still haven't been lucky enough to catch a big name though! I'll keep trying! You definitely have to make reservations, and I still recommend coming early so you get a good seat. It's extremely cramped-- worth it, but be prepared. We watched them seat a couple on a date around this awkward corner so that they could barely see each other, and they were pissed.  Also know that the no cell phone policy is pretty strict (I actually don't get service in there anyway though.) The food/drink service is quite impressive for such a crowd that is seated and leaves and approximately the same time. All around a great experience!
I got dragged here by some dude I went to High School with who wouldn't take a brush-off (like the Seinfeld episode). He had insisted on taking me to me dinner and I ordered the house specialty, Russian beef borscht, but it was just soup so I didn't really get dinner (like the Seinfeld episode). Then we went downstairs for the show. Everyone else laughed at everything but I guess I have no sense of humor 'cause I just didn't get it. Example: The headliner, some SNL dude I'd never heard of, turned his baseball cap backwards, crossed his arms and pronounced alright as ahhh-ite. The audience exploded in laughter. It was around the time Eliot Spitzer prostitution scandal and every comic, save one, made redundant topical jokes, many recycled.   Example: Comedian that night (2008) : "Your not  paying for the sex, your paying for her to leave as soon as you're done!" (Comedian raises chin and nods out over the audience, triumphant as Caesar, as it erupts into extended conniptions.) South Park episode 63 (originally aired December 6, 2000): Sung by Chef A prostitute is someone who will love you No matter who you are or what you look like Yes, it's true children! But that's not why you pay a prostitute No you don't pay her to stay, you pay her to leave afterwards. So why four stars for this unfunny hackfest?  Because Jerry Seinfeld showed up unannounced and did a set of new material. His insights into human foibles were keen, clever and wholly original. He still didn't make me laugh, though I did smile and snort a bit. I hear that if you hang around upstairs at showtime they'll invite you downstairs free to fill the empty seats, should there be any.
Writing my review on my birthday just came back from having a great time ,,, my first experience was really good great price and the comedians are all very good !!!
Great show! A lot of comics in the line up. That night Aziz Ansari made a surprise visit. I laughed all night. It is a "cellar" so expect the space to be cramp. Drinks were strong and we didn't have to wait online very long. Would definitely return.
We were in NYC on May 5-6th for my wife's birthday, and we spent the tail end of our evening here and the Olive Tree. We missed the shows, Dave Attell was going on, and we saw him outside when we arrived. We went upstairs, and got to meet Dave after his set, and he bought my wife and I a drink for her birthday! What a class comic Dave is, very cool! We stayed until around 2, and had a great time. Highly recommend the club for some great comics, like Attell, Norton, Bobby Kelly, etc.
Well I may be a little biased but I thought this was a great comedy act!!! It helps when their is a special guest appearance from Jerry. I recommend that anyone considering a comedy show go to the cellar, it is well worth a night out and who cares if it isn't good it only cost about $20.
We REALLY enjoyed the comics and are glad we went.  For improvement sake here are my notes: *we were told the show starts at 11:30PM and not to be late, so we get there at 11:15.  Not seated til 11:50. Kinda ridiculous. *Whenever we are told to turn our cell phones off, we just naturally think it's a reminder to put them on silent so as not to disturb the show.  Being yelled at for having it actually on (silent) while being still being sat wasn't pleasant.  Yes, it lit up, but the show hadn't started and I was putting it in my purse while drinks were being ordered before the show even started.  It's not necessarily always WHAT is said, but HOW it's said. *I called and they said the free passes for the night were gone, but cover was $10.  We get there and it's $14.  Though we can afford the extra $4pp, that's never wonderful to be a recipient of the old shady "bait and switch". *While I know you cannot be responsible for the actions of the crowd, there was a guy sitting directly behind us that was laughing SO LOUD and obnoxiously at inappropriate times that the entire left side of the club was extremely annoyed and three of the six comics commented on it.  My ears were practically bleeding.  Yet, no one on staff told him to tone it down so the rest of us could enjoy the show.  Everyone in front of, beside, and in back of us kept turning around to give him dirty looks, but of course a guy like that doesn't get it.  I kept waiting for your staff to help us all out.  No one ever did.  It was a huge annoyance throughout the show. Thanks for requesting via email for honest feedback...besides all that, the show would have been a Home Run.
I tend to agree with the ubiquitous mantra "Laughter is the best medicine".  When I feel blue, comedy can always pick me up.  I have visited Comedy Cellar three or four times now, and I thought every visit was worth it.  It is nice to have a reservation but if you don't, you can get to the place 30 minutes before the show starts and place your name on the stand-by list.  In my experience, they usually leave enough space to accommodate most stand-byers. The place can get very crowded but it somehow feels more comfortable and cozy with more people.  And once the comedians take the 'stage', the whole place takes a different vibe.  There is an intangible intimacy and connection among the members of the audience as well as the comedian as we all share laughter.  Generally, the comedians are pretty hilarious (while I have seen a couple of bad ones).  The best part about this place is that big time comedians may take the stage to get back to their roots, although I've never had this happen to me.   There is a $15 cover charge per person and a minimum of two drinks.  I have never ordered food here, just copious amounts of beer.  The service is good and fast.  I think the Comedy Cellar is a great place to get laughs and I have never regretted any time I've spent there.
I am not the biggest fan of stand-up comedy, but I laughed pretty hard at this place. I also loved the cozy and little-too-tight environment. The only thing is, the ticket price is added to the check with the drinks... and they are oh-so-nice and calculate the 15% tip for you in advance. So I also paid gratuity on the 2x18 dollar tickets, cause I didn't pay too much attention at the end of the long night. But it really pissed me off the next day :D
The comedy is hit or miss  - sometimes very fulfilling, other times awkward. Be aware that service is poor, and management expects ZERO communication between you and your party. I was reprimanded by a waitress tonight for explaining to my group where the bathroom was during one of the acts. When I spoke with the manager, she reinforced that principle and stood by that decision, as well as accused me of being loud. I personally think it's unrealistic to expect your customers to not speak to one another for less the 30 seconds during a show. DO NOT RECOMMEND, as the quality of the comedy show does not always off set the headache of the service.
Ditto to what Peter said. Don't bring your parents, fools! Now, assuming you haven't brought your parents (or you ARE a parent and have neglected to bring your recently-of-age children), here is what you can expect from the Cellar: 1. 4-5 comedians, three of which will be OUTRAGEOUSLY hilarious, one of which will be raunchy and lude, and one of which you will pretty much miss because you were in the tiny tiny bathroom (possibly crying because a comedian made fun of you when you tripped getting up during his set) 2. Drinks priced better than most bars in NY, with beers on tap ranging from $4 to $8 or $9 per pint; well-priced pitchers, though I'm not sure if they count as ALL of your 3-drink max; cheap soft drinks and virgin options for those of you who enjoy sober comedy (I know, you're a rare breed, but I've got your back); delicious food, especially anything on the appetizer or dessert menu. I recommend the chips and salsa. Excellent portions, good price. 3. HOT wait staff. It is clear they do not even let the fuggers have interviews, because these ladies are smokin'. Even the barbacks and bouncers have a little good looks to spare. 4. An excellent host - in fact, maybe the funniest person there, which is fantastic, considering you have to listen to him talk at least four times throughout your evening of mayhem. 5. A damn good time. Highly recommended. Definitely one of your cheaper options for a night of comedy in NYC... especially if you actually want to see GOOD comedy.
If you don't mind being treated like shit , this place is great to watch good comedy. Unfortunately, I mixed up the show timings and showed up @ 7.45pm instead of 7.30pm and can understand they gave away our seats.  But the guy at the door refused to believe me and treated us like sh**.  This is another one of those joints in new york that treat you like shit because they can.
The comedians are hilarious.  The actual venue is pretty strict which isn't a bad thing just be prepared ... No whispering, no taking group photos ahead of time or during the show, 4 credit cards per check, no second chances, no more than 3 alcoholic drinks, etc.   The drinks were standard but didn't taste bad.  The food that we ordered on our table was the chips and salsa and the chicken wings... The salsa was amazing and I heard the wings were "phenomenal". The wings came with potato chips and celery as well.
Tourist trap. The doorman was a condescending jerk who was rude from the get, until he realized we were friends with one of the acts. He sent us upstairs to wait to be called for our reservation, then no one ever called us and we almost missed getting in, and were told we were "lucky" to still get our table. The waitress was very sweet, but so grindy on coke we worried for her teeth. On the upside, the comedians were great.
Avoid this place like the plague if Lynne Koplitz is your MC. She's obnoxious, not funny, and actually ended up heckling our audience toward the end of the night! Her stints at the mike were painful. But otherwise a hilarious lineup and sometimes random celeb comics will pop up. Like Louis CK popped in to perform unannounced at our Tuesday 9PM show! Great fun all in all, but your MC will make or break the evening.
I'm a fan. I came here with a date and had an absolutely great time. Two people meant a 4-item minimum. Apparently there's a 3-drink MAXIMUM. What we did was get a large pitcher of sangria to share. It was very tasty, not too sweet. It gave us about 6 (4-5 oz) glasses each for $26! A glass itself cost $8. All the acts were great. Some funnier than others. I like that there's constantly different actors. I'll likely come back!
I had a great time at Comedy Cellar. Be prepared to be sitting with strangers at your table if you're in a small group. The comedians were hilarious! The drinks were only OKAY. I thought the martinis could have been stronger and more flavorful. There is a two drink minimum. The food is mediocre - I did not order the food, but it looked like regular bar food. I would come here again for the comedy and order a classic beer or rum and coke where you can't go wrong. We made reservations about a week in advance. You can get "stand-by" tickets for same night or another night but there is no guarantee.
Amazing atmosphere! Went their twice on consecutive days, and on my last night, Louis C.K. showed up!
If you want to see some ghetto ass shit come down, Nola bitches taking on comedians from Queens who will "cap their fuckin' ass" while you are sitting in a sweaty basement sardine can - this is your fucking place.
I am usually pretty skepitcal on going to comedy shows.  ONly few acts are really that funny when you can get me to LOL, literally.  This was an exception.  I went in thinking it was going to be really lame.  Boy was I surprised.  This place actually has some "big name" comics.  Saw Dave Atell, Louis C.K, and some guy from best week ever .  The emcee was pretty funny too and did a good job at keep the crowd entertain and engaged. you pay $15 to get in and you have to buy at least 2 drinks.   The downside is that this place is tiny, so your party will probabyl be sitting with other folks.  BE prepared to make friends! The comics do rag on a few ppl but its all in good fun.  Nothing I saw that nite was offensive.  The audience laughed and it was a good nite. It is best to reserve a table ahead of time as this place usually creates long lines that go as far as around the corner!
We love this place.  This was our 4th or 5th New Years Eve there along with a few other times.  You never know who might show up, Our first time here we saw Darrell Hammond and Colin Quinn, who surprisingly was not on the marquis, and even if they had not shown up, it would have been an awesome night.  We hated our seats mostly based on my ADD, but we still needed PT after laughing so hard.  We keep going back because, in spite of the wait in line, the average tasting sangria, and better tasting margaritas and sometimes edgy door people, we love the comedy.  We love ringing in the New Year here.   I am mortified to say that I was a little too loud during parts of the show.  Though I still find this impossible to imagine, I have been told by my partner that I was talking loud.  I apologize to anyone who may have had a bad experience due to my narcissistic behavior.  And I will buy you a ticket if you see me in line for any other Comedy Cellar show.  If you recognize me as the person who bothered you,  and can describe what I was wearing and where I was sitting I will without apprehension buy you a ticket for that show. I also apologize to the Australian Pro Wrestler-Cracker Jack-if I interfered with your enjoying the comedy.  And I could tell that I pissed the hell out of his red headed girlfriend who did not laugh at one joke during the performance.   And to those others who may have been annoyed, I am sorry.  In my defense, I did not realize I was talking so loudly.  I made a new friend while waiting in line and we were discussing the world struggles between Russia and the US. And though we were too loud for the one guy who I think was trying to pick up the red - no, brightly dyed orange and red- haired edgy girlfriend of the hard bodied wrestler from down under and his very cute but normal friend, my new Russian friend and i solved some major new cold war problems facing our nations today!  So you can thank us for any global depolarization.  But I do apologize if our world saving discussions were a problem. We did cause a distraction at one point when we changed seats so that she could sit next to the hard bodied wrestler.  I think Russia and Australia are also in good standing because of that move.  I hate it when people talk too loud during a comedy show, so I am horrified to think that I could have been one of those people. I still do not think that Cain is "really black" and I am sticking with that !!!!
"The comedians are hilarious.  The actual venue is pretty strict which isn't a bad thing just be prepared ... " This pretty much sums up the general consensus. The price of drinks is pretty standard, for New York bars that is. Be warned that if you sit up front you are fair game for being made fun of, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The host Ardie is just as hilarious as many of the headliners and is usually outside after the show, he talked to us for about 20 minutes the last time I was there. The venue is notoriously small, with most of the leg room at the front tables. Overall it's easy to see why this venue is major staple in the New York comedy circuit.
This place is amazing! For $10 and the cost of two drinks, you will laugh your ass off for hours and hours. I went to the 11pm show one night last week and saw a great show. Sherrod Small from Best Week Ever was absolutely HILARIOUS. Godfrey was also really good. The guy from Cash Cab also performed that night and so did Dave Attell. Apparently at the 9 pm show that night, Robin Williams showed up and performed. This is the kind of place where celebrities drop in and the best comedians perform every week. The material is also very fresh and deals with current events. The venue is tiny and very intimate. If you go on a weekend, definitely call ahead and make a reservation. One word of advice is to keep your mouth shut during the show, and do not heckle the comedians!! On the night I went, Godfrey tore into a heckler so bad that the guy took off and probably went to cry somewhere--seriously. If you like stand up comedy, you will love the Comedy Cellar. It is an amazing place, and I can't wait to go back.
10 p.m. show on January 5th.  5 performers, third performer was Aziz Ansari so I felt we already lucked out, but out of nowhere, CHRIS ROCK showed up! All the performers were above average, but Aziz Ansari was really funny and Chris Rock extended the show by about 30 minutes.  Definitely got my money's worth yesterday. Made reservations on their site beforehand.  At 9:30, I showed up and they checked me in and told me to wait across the street.  We were let into the club at 10 p.m. and by the time, everyone sat down and had their orders taken, the show started around 10:30 p.m. The show goes on for about an hour and a half, but yesterday, it ended past midnight because Chris Rock showed up.   So yesterday it was $14 cover, two beers at $6 each, plus tip so about $30 per person.
funny show and good management, but the security is offensive, rash, and possibly anti-Semitic. I was profiled just because I look a certain way. the security should Be put in jail, I hate racism and antisemitism so I think that the mean security Guys at the door should just quit.
I peed in the urinal next to Dave Attell. That's how close you are to the action. I didn't pay a ton either. How can you go wrong here? It's excellent.
A fantastic place.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and HILARIOIUS comedians.  I've been to quite a few comedy clubs and this is probably the best. I've been here 3 times in the last month and each time it was great.  Louis CK popped in for a 40 minute set on a Saturday 7:30 show, and he was KILLING with his new material.  Dave Attell (saw him twice) was great with a wide breadth of material (he did just two jokes that were the same in two extra-long late night sets that I saw).  And of course the rest were great (among them:  Kurt Metzger, Andrew Schulz, Gregg Rogell, Darrell Hammond, Lynn Koplitz, and Gary Gulman). No amateurs at this joint.  In response to some other reviews, Gotham is roomier, yes, but it does not have the same depth of talent on any given night.  I've been to Gotham a few times and it's usually like this: 2-3 warm-up acts including an emcee (the warm-up acts vary in talent, sometimes good, sometimes not so much) and then the headliner.  The Comedy Cellar has quality from the top to the bottom.  In one show alone you might see Judah Friedlander, Sherrod Small, Dave Attell, Louis CK, and Amy Schumer!  That aint happenin' at Gotham (no disrespect to them).  How many places can you get a full line-up of comics that can do a solid hour no sweat--no time-wasting/diddly-daddling?  Not many. Not to mention the drinks are cheaper at the Comedy Cellar than most comedy clubs (normal bar prices vs "comedy club prices"). If you want the best atmosphere, the best/most consistent talent, and the best bang for you buck (if you drink beer you can get by with a $30-35+ tip each person easy, and 20+ tip if it's a Sun-Thurs show). If you've got time for just one show, make it the Comedy Cellar.
This is the perfect Comedy Club. Small and intimate, so the performers can really interact with the audience. Great drinks, great service, and most importantly, fantastic comedians. There's always a chance a familiar face will be up on stage. Best comedy club in New York City, by far
Love this place. It's a really excellent venue, albeit a jam packed one, to see some great stand up. Also, if you get a chance, make a point of seeing see Lil' Jimmy Norton there. He's absolutely hilarious.
Went to the 9:45pm show last night.  After the second comedian came on,  Louis C.K. surprised us with a 30 min performance, which was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   The rest of the comedian's were hilarious as well. This is by far the best comedy club in NYC..... if not the country....hands down!!! I have been at least 10 times since May.
I had never seen a comedy show.  This was so much fun.  We were seated in the front and were picked on a little but that was part of the fun.  The comedians were all very funny. I was a little turned off by all of the rules and  being treated like pre-schoolers: line up here, two by two, you are allowed to come in when we say, don't move your seats, you need a stamped receipt to leave... but then I realized that these rules are in place because drunk people don't know how to act in public. I loved seeing the stage and Robert Kelly from Louie.  The place looks much smaller and wider in person.
Who doesn't love to laugh? I've been here 3 times so far and each time, I walked out feeling giddy (from both the wine and non-stop laughter). 2 pieces of advice though: 1.) Don't visit the club twice in one month, unless you want to see a repeat performance (the comedians recycle jokes). 2.) Get on line early if you want to get a decent seat!
Yeah! Go to the comedy cellar! I just loved it! Great ambience and very good people doing shows!
My boyfriend and I had a blast at Comedy Cellar. I made reservations online weeks before our trip to New York so we has front row center seats. We laughed the entire time! One warning: it is around $20 cover and 2 item minimum but we thought it was worth it. Plus half price drinks at the Black Pussy Cat bar before or after the show. We had too shelf liquor for under $10. We ran into to some locals and they said this was one of the best comedy clubs in the city. A lot of people try to sell comedy shows in time square but we were lucky to find this one.
5 stars I gave this place ahahah im laughing writing this ...the place is perfect. I remember I used to go to boston comedy club  and I thought that was the best. Nope Comedy Cellar is the place I went there on a SundaY night the 11pm showing quick jump from 9th street station path . the host explained people were there since the 9pm showing and stayed all the way through till 2am ish ..... Found out for Sundays you can get No cover just go to the Website and all you have to do is get two drink min (with me its like a 12 drink min the way i drink) Pitcher anyone? ... the Food i didnt have but my friends expained the buffalo wings were perfect. I was in a drinking mode the Comedians were Funny Haitian Comedian Will Slyvance ..the Nigerian Godfrey  was there..... I couldnt stop lauging ........wow all i can say you have to go there
Great night out, not too expensive but a different kind of entertainment from the usual night out. Come here and i'm sure you will have a good time.Sat front row and had some interaction with the comedians.
I had a great time here. I was looking for a good laugh and they delivered. The show had a host who was hilarious (Gina Yashere) and 5 stand ups. All of them were great! Some better than others but that's expected. It's easy to reserve online which is always a plus and it's great that you can order food as well as drinks. Will return.
Loved this place! Been here twice, had a great time everytime we are there. It's very small/compact, so that might be a little uncomfortable, but it's a cheaper alternative to Gotham(which is pretty sweet as well). Good line up of comedians... Be sure to make reservation before you head over, it's pretty packed on weekends.. Food - not bad, typical bar food Drinks - cheap (well NYU area), fast-ish servers
The Comedy Cellar is a manipulative and deceptive place and there is absolutely nothing comical about the way they treat their customers. After reading the positive reviews on Yelp, I made my reservation online so as to secure my "free pass" that would allow me to enter without paying the $10 cover. The website was very clear---make a reservation online, and you will not have to pay the $10 cover. When I received the confirmation e-mail, however, no tangible free pass was attached, leaving me to assume that the confirmation e-mail itself would suffice as my free pass. But when I showed up at the comedy cellar, instead of acknowledging the terms of their agreement, the bouncer told me that since I had not received a tangible free pass with their e-mail, the cover charge could not be waived. I was very confused. Why did I not receive a tangible pass? No explanation. Why did the tangible pass actually matter? No explanation. Where on the website does it even acknowlege the EXISTENCE of a tangible pass? No explanation. I encourage you to visit the website and see for yourself (yes I was there on a weekday, and yes my party was smaller than 4 people). Not only that, the bouncer proceeded to humiliate me in front of my friend by implying that I was an idiot and then actually had the audacity to DENY me admission after I offered to pay the $10 cover because I pulled out the terms of their agreement for them to see how I had been mislead. Bottom line, the staff at the Comedy Cellar are a disgrace to this city and do not offer their customers even the minimal threshold of decency and respect that we all deserve. I will never ever go back to this place and no one else should either.
AHHHHhahahahahahah FUNNY and FUN. This place is it. AND, it is basically across the street from Mamoons as well as Artichoke. What better night? Really! Awesome. Hilarious comedians. Nice venue.
Funny. Ardie was an awesome host and possibly funnier than most of the stand-ups that performed that night. Dave Attell was there that night but it felt like people were laughing just because it was Dave Attell. I can't remember the others who performed but they were all great. If you don't want to be heckled by any of the acts, ask to be seated in the back. But if you do get heckled, I find it best if you just stare at them and don't make any sudden movements like you would a bear.
Great, quality but intimate stand up experience. Although not to be expected, we had Chris Rock pop-in last minute to do a bit, was sitting 5 feet from him. Very cool. Great bar upstairs for after too.
Fun entertainment after dinner!!! Came here last sun around 11:30pm after having quick bite at buddakan.   Show's around 2hrs with a variety of different comedians and a host. It's like any other comedy club, some good, bad or ok. Kewl seeing all the famous comedians who'd performed there on the walls! Good to make res b4 going. It was pretty busy! I recommend getting table in front, everywhere else seating is crazy tight, like u will become friends with those sitting by u!! Super casual with wood table/chairs. PS: Cover is made up of min items to order, and u pay at the end.
Make reservations!!! Go to the 9pm show, you will automatically be there for the 11pm show. Well worth it. The drinks were so-so. The service, eh... But the comedians? Yes! Hilarious! We're talking toilet humor, date jokes, personal experiences, marriage jokes, and of course, sex jokes. Better to go here and get quality comedians than go to the zoo (Times Square) & fight through the throngs of people. Yuck... The downside? There were annyoing broads at the table next to us who would distract the comedians by shouting out random comments throughout the ENTIRE show. It got DAMN annoying and finally one of the waiters told the girls nicely to "Keep it down". They left after that. Good!! Will be my go-to spot for comedy. And the MC? I don't know if I'm allowed to say his name on here but he was hilarious! Met him after the show. Mad cool guy.
very reasonably priced thursday night show. later saw a few of the comedians on comedy central. that is a good sign. great neighborhood. good bars to hit up after;)
High point of our latest trip to NYC. Had reservations for a Wednesday night. Patrick Stewart got in line with us. David Spade & Amy Schummer  dropped in to work thru their material. The Emcee was great as were the 2 scheduled comedians.  Staff were attentive, definitely will be here each time we are in town.
My boyfriend took me here last night for my birthday and every comedian was hilarious.  Sometimes you go to a show where everyone in the line up is funny, but there's always at least one who is eh, but that wasn't the case here.  I was laughing so hard at times that I was snorting.  (luckily I was sitting in the back so I didn't get called out on for it) Definitely a good time.   Went upstairs to the bar a little after 8 since they start seating at 8:30 for the 9 show.  This place fills up quick so don't dilly dally.  Everyone seated in the front obviously had reservations, and just like every comedy show they got ripped on, which was entertaining.  The jokes varied and so did the comedians. 2 item minimum, 3 alcoholic drink max, 2 hour show - not bad, I recommend getting a drink or 2 at the bar upstairs first if you want a good buzz.
I cannot believe it has taken me almost two years to go here, and if someone else hadn't gotten me tickets, I probably never would have. This place was made for me. OMG. I went to a Sunday night show at 9, and there were 6 guys who did stand-up and they were all just completely fucking hilarious. The most hilarious of all was Todd Barry, who I guess is not that underground and people have actually heard of him. I honestly don't think I have ever laughed so hard in my life as when Todd Barry was performing, and I am a laughing girl. I quote comedies like it's my job. I was shaking and crying watching Todd Barry. Like, he probably looked out at the audience and wondered why someone didn't call the paramedics about the convulsing blonde girl. Our waitress was probably the worst I have ever had. A bonafide bitch. The rest of the people I was with didn't tip her at all, I left her like 10% because I felt bad but she was absolutely horrendous. It did not detract from my amazing Comedy Cellar experience, though. If you come here and don't leave 100% happier than when you arrived, you have issues.
Came here on a Sunday 8pm showing with a group of 5. I made online reservations beforehand. OBSERVATIONS * They are extremely strict about time. There were bouncers at the door * Online reservations were great! My group was lucky to get awesome seats in front of the stage * The cellar layout is very long and the stage is in the center. I feel like the tables at either end of the cellar don't get as great a view. * The 4-5 comedians were funny. 4 were white males and 1 white female. I appreciated some diversity. * This was a great group activity with friends. It was really great to talk about the jokes and comedians afterwards. * They limit your group size to 8 or less. * 2 drink or food/person minimum.
There's something about this place that's just cool. Make sure you make a reservation ahead of time because we were accepted in front of the last minute idea people. The bar upstairs is made out of chalkboard so you can draw on it. It's as fun as you think it sounds...as long as you think it sounds awesome. There's plenty of time to hang out here because they don't start letting people in until half an hour before the show. Service was quick. Prices are what you'd expect, if not a little cheaper. I think it was $6 or $7 a beer. Definitely not high enough to leave a bad taste in your mouth for the rest of the night. The comedians were funny. Hope you can take a joke if you sit in the front row ;)
My husband and I ALWAYS opt for the latest show anytime we go for a comedy club.  We like the more *gritty* humor, let's just say.  Comedy Cellar did not disappoint.  The line up was decent and the jokes were pretty smooth.  The comics didn't pick on the audience too much (at least not in a horrendously mean way) and considering that I'm a small Asian female and sat near the front, they pretty much left me alone (no jabs about bad driving or dry cleaning or "me love you long time" business).  We had a good time.  The drinks were okay - they could have been stronger.  Table service was good.  The food was horrible.  They screwed up chips and salsa!  Who screws up chips and salsa!  And charged so much for it!  For goodness sakes, mexican places give it away for free (and it tastes way better).  In any case, it was our mistake to order food at a comedy club.  Next time, stickin to the drinks!
I have gone here for 30 years. Many huge stars got their start here-- Louis CK films part of his show here and star drop in unannounced to try out new material.  Weekend shows usually feature and MC and 4 comics and last 1/2-2 hours. Weekday shows may run longer. Few, if any, disount ticket options are available on the internet to lower the cost from $24 on weekends (which is a somewhat higher than usual price for name clubs). The 2 item (not just drinks and the food is ok and not very expensive) minimum will add $16-25 per person plus tax and tip--this is also standard for top clubs, although drink prices are obviously higher than many local bars . Lots of good restaurants nearby. The comics are generally excellent--veterans of Letterman, Comedy Central, HBO, etc.  The crowd is mellow. As at all comedy clubs, do not come here if you are offended by jokes about sex or race. The staff is very good. The worst seats are still pretty close--and very close together--more so than any other club.   NYC has dozens of comedy clubs, many of which are very good and draw from the same group of comics, but the top group is this one, The Comic Strip, The Stand, Carolines and Gotham Comedy Club. Reservations are a must!
Five stars for the full experience. What a blast! Yes it's cramped... but you're having such a good time, you don't even notice. Only 50% of the comedians were *really* funny -- the emcee Veronica Mosey, and Neal Brennan and Tom Papa. Dave Attell and two other guys whose names I can't even remember were mostly offensive without being terribly funny. I don't mind "blue" if it's executed well; for the most part, it wasn't. There's a cover and a two item minimum. Despite the mandatory purchases, they don't rake you over the coals. Bottled domestics were five bucks. We didn't have any food, so no comment there.
we came as a group of 6 and saw that our other friends were there as well. and since we all knew each other--we were not allowed in. they have a policy that you cannot have 2 reservations. however, we didn't know the other group was coming here. the two groups booked reservations on different weeks. but they somehow believed we were lying because we were all asian so "we must all know each other and planned a event together." they had no proof, just assumptions...so a bit racist in all of our eyes. it was for a birthday -- and they ended up ruining out girl's birthday. sad thing is that we were polite, cooperative, not drunk, etc. we were respectful, etc. so yes--HORRIBLE place. would not recommend it to anyone.
Great time, amazing comedians, and surprisingly affordable.  I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in NYC. Drinks were not outrageous, which was surprising.   I hoped to have a big name drop in, but it didn't happen.  Maybe next time
"You've never been to a comedy club??" And so we were off. He made reservations and we hopped into a taxi, which I was thrilled about since it was my 2nd time in one. (I know, what a touristy thing to say.) We went to the 8:00 show and it was pretty packed. Because of our reservations, we were able to get a table up-front... which I realize isn't necessarily a good thing since front row = easy bait for the host/ comedians. The host was hilarious in a racist, taunting-everyone kind of a way. I'm a mean-spirited person at heart so I found everything pretty damn laughable. There were 5 comedians in all and all were fantastic. One - the third to go - was funny, mostly because he was so. so. so. awkward. His jokes were funny but overall, I found him to be lovably dorky. What a fun experience.
Looking forward to being able to come back and write a positive review. The online reservation thing is a real drag -- wish you could just buy tickets. We got held up at two long red lights and got there at 11:03 and were not allowed to enter. I'd had the reservations for weeks for my  boyfriend's birthday and we didn't get even the tiniest bit of sympathy or problem solving from the guy at the door or his manager. We were really looking forward to going (and still plan to) but I recommend that you get there early if you want to get a seat - I didn't realize they'd be so strict or unhelpful. Rough way to end a birthday night
Came here awhile back to see a friend perform as a surprise guest.  They have solid lineups most of the time. As most comedy clubs are, the prices for drinks/food are way overpriced.  Come for the comedy. The place gets packed! So if you are claustrophobic this may not be the ideal environment for you.
Okay...maybe I just lucked out.  But I went here on a Saturday night recently and everyone was on their game, including Aziz Ansari from Parks and Recreation who was there trying out some new material.  We did the 7:30pm show without tickets, got there around 7pm to put our name down and ended up getting in. If you're looking for a date idea or have some friends coming into town, this should be at the top of your list if you have a few free hours at night.  After tax and tip for two tickets, and the 2 drinks/person minimum, you're looking at ~$80, not too bad considering who you might see here!
great comedians and fun atmosphere. although can be a little pricey for the weekend shows, I recommend going at least once as this is a good time.
A really fun way to spend the night in NYC if you're tired of bars and clubs. I highly recommend making reservations in advance via their website. Ticket prices vary, the weekend shows cost $20 or $24 per person, and you pay at the door. There's two locations, the original MacDougal one and the Village Underground. I visited the MacDougal street venue and it was everything I imagined it to be: a basement cellar, dark and cramped. I would start lining up at least 15 minutes before your show starts if you want good seats, though in a space so small it's hard to get a "bad" seat. As soon as you get inside, I would make a beeline for the bathroom because it's literally one of the tiniest two stall bathrooms I've ever been in (and I'm a small girl). There show starts with the M.C. saying a small bit and goes from there. I think I saw six comedians or so. Some were funnier than others, but overall it was a good night with a lot of raunchy, offensive, and funny material. There's a two item minimum per person, but I don't think they are very strict about enforcing that rule, as long as you order something. Get a pitcher of beer or sangria and a couple of appetizers for a four person table and you're good to go! No pictures inside.
So far, this is the best comedy club I've been to in NYC (by far), and probably the best entertainment value in NYC, as the previous reviewer said. We went on a Wednesday night. We had no cover (my cousin booked it on the Internet and I don't know how she got the no cover deal). There was a 2 item minimum (not a 2 drink minimum, 2 ITEM minimum, yay!). I counted 9 comedians + the host. There could have been more, but I lost track. And they were funny. I recognized 2 of them from TV... Aziz Ansari and Judah Friedlander. These two guys are on major NBC sitcoms. Also, one of them was the non-Dave Chapelle co-creator of the Chapelle show. I don't know if this experience is typical of Comedy Cellar, but it was the best comedy experience I've had in NYC. And the seats were decent, although a little awkward. We were quite close to the stage. There's a nice intimate atmosphere. And the chicken wings were decent.
Have never been disappointed here. I've been here 5 times now and has always been fun. Chris Rock stopped by a couple of weeks ago and did an hour set.
The food and drinks are good, the lineup is usually strong, the service is quiet yet attentive...I'm a big fan.
Great intimate environment, wonderful comics -- Ben Bailey, Amy Schumer, Tommy Johnigan. Best bet is to make reservations ahead and come early to get your seat assignments. Pretty cheap to get in :) I love that a good bunch of the comics hang outside and just chill together afterwards!! I'm starstruck :) Tip? any carbonated beverages inside are sort of flat (beer, soda, etc.) so don't get too overzealous ordering food/drinks here.
One of the highlights in my recent NYC trip!  Remember to make reservations beforehand.  Our show started at 9pm.  We arrived at 9:10 pm and the place was packed!  Luckily we had reservations and were seated immediately.  The comics were hilarious and we had a great time.  I'll definitely swing by again next time.
Very cool to see the lineup this past weekend.  And Aziz Ansari dropping in was awesome. The price is reasonable for a lengthy show with lots of talent.   The reservation process seemed to go flawlessly as long as you show up early. ( At least 30 minutes before they say). Had a great table but other tables were not as good. The bathroom situation in the bar upstairs is a little funky being ushered through a live show. There is a 2 item PER PERSON rule...  I had thought it was per table and my wife did not order a second item and we were forced to but a bottle of water.  I wish I had realized it sooner so I could have ordered an app instead of just drinks.
Had a great time here and will definitely be back. I recommend it for anyone who is visiting New York and is looking for something to do on the cheap. The price of admission is worth it, and don't be scared off by the two drink minimum - the drinks aren't expensive. The lineup we saw included Colin Quinn, Aziz Ansari, Jim Norton and Judah Friedlander. Everyone was great and it was cool to see them in a smaller venue, where they were all working on new material. If you go, make a reservation.
Consistently great! The perfect spot if you want a night full of laughs.  If you sit in the front, they WILL single you out and make fun of you. Not for the sensitive.  I've been here a few times and the comedians are always great and keep me laughing!!
Went to the 10:30 show last Saturday. The venue is strict - no phones at all, which I appreciate. There is a two-drink minimum but the drinks are reasonably priced for NYC ($7-$10) and they have a surprisingly large selection of specialty drinks. The comedians were hilarious, and Amy Schumer even did a set despite not being scheduled. After the show my group went to the connected bar upstairs, The Olive Tree, and were lucky enough to run into Dave Attell and Artie Lange there. They were both incredibly nice and willing to take photos with our group. Dave even bought us a round of drinks! Overall a great venue.
Fun spot but there line up always changes so unless you are familiar with the comedians there's always a chance to see comedians that really aren't that funny or match your sense of humor. They usually have at least five comedians so there's usually at least a few that will cater to your sense of humor.   I would stick with the drinks as the food is horrible and I mean don't even get dessert.
I've been here a few times, and usually leave with my cheeks hurting from laughing for an hour straight. Love the regulars like Dave Attell, Jim Norton, and the like. If you like safe, PC comedy this probably won't be your cup of tea. Otherwise, this will be be the best hour and half you'll ever spend in a basement.
I like the "new" space on West Third in the Village Underground basement--much more comfortable than the original locay with the tight-as-briefs seating arrangements. The comics on our last visit were solid--not great and not terrible--but I knew what I was getting going to the early show on a weeknight. There were no surprise pop-ins, so if you want to maximize your chance of seeing them, go to a later show, where you might see Jerry Seinfeld, Sarah Silverman, or John Mayer (yes, I saw all three; and yes, I'm not kidding about John Mayer). Even with the 2-item minimum (you can get food instead of booze), it's a decent deal for the quality you're getting, especially compared to other clubs that will charge you the same amount for an evening with someone lame. And the energy at Comedy Cellar is always good. The drinks are pretty good. They have plenty of fruity cocktails to get the ladies wasted, and a slightly overpriced Dogfishhead for hop-heads. Food was OK, too, though the selection is limited, so eat beforehand if dinner is important to you. Tip: Make sure you hold on to the receipt or you might end up paying twice. Also, make reservations--it's worth it. And don't sit right next to the stage unless you want to be picked on by Artie Fuqua and Co. all night long.
Fun times! Come here by yourself, your s.o., your friends and you'll be sure to have a good time. Before you know it, the set is over and you have to leave. So ENJOY every minute of it...and have at least 2 drinks which is the minimum. Will come back for sure...actually tonight! :)
good comics. the place is cramed. decent food (lamb kebab, appetizer platter)
We were in town last week so decided to catch The Nasty Show Wednesday night. Awesome!  Got to see Dave Attell and Jeff Ross came on stage with him. It was basically them sitting their having a conversation. ..hilarious.  And then were both outside just as regular guys afterwards. We will definitely be back next time in NyC and take advantage of the Free Cover passes available at 500 the day of show. But I'd willingly pay if not!
I've been to the Comedy Cellar twice. The first time the show was very funny, and my girlfriend and I had an excellent time, and it was easily worth the $14 cover and 2 drink minimum (we probably spent $60 for the two of us). I had a couple of friends visiting NYC this past week, and I took them to the Comedy Cellar again, and it was UNREAL. Every comic absolutely nailed it and had the entire crowd gagging for breath the entire time. James Smith, the Australian Comedian, had the best stand-up set I have ever seen live. It was a holiday show so the cover was $24, but everyone agreed it was 100% worth it. My friends said it was the highlight of their trip, which included several other fun activities. The Comedy Cellar is the paradigm of a small comedy venue with its authentic and inviting vibe.
I can't really comment on the hilarity of the "comedy seller", since it was "sold out". So, if you have reservations for 9:45 or any show for that matter, be sure to wear your nuclear time piece. I arrived for a drink in the Olive Garden cafe at 930 pm for the 9:45 show and there was a white chain across the entrance and no line for downstairs and no one who looked very much like they had a clipboard or appeared like they were taking reserved spots, so I went upstairs and had a drink with my party. At 9:48, we came outside and found two guys who looked like hustlers who said all the tickets had been taken.. I was amazed at the speed at which the "cellar" "sold out"... in three minutes when there was NO line 15 minutes prior. I guess they have a hot little item down there. However, if you get rejected, there is chalk at the bar upstairs which is kinda fun to mess with. You can go draw sad faces and have a pity party with the bartenders. Oh and then you get an email after which asks for feedback. It asks you to be "blunt". Yeah. Oh and further the email is replied to by a guy named Noam Dworman. NO AM DOORMAN. even when I got rejected this place made me laugh. I am changing my review to 3 stars.
Awesome place with great acts. If you haven't reserved tickets, make sure you get there early for the standby!
THIS PLACE WAS A COMPLETE 100% BLAST IN A GLASS. We went the first night visiting NYC and it set a PERFECT tone for the trip. A friend of mine recommended going and I'm so glad I did. We made reservations for a Tuesday night 8pm show for which tickets are $12 + 2 items (or $8) which is a huge bargain for the legitimately FUNNY and FAMOUS people we saw including AZIZ ANSARI!!! I love Aziz Ansari and would pay a lot more than $20 to see him. The other comedians were also hilarious. If you do one thing when you go to NYC in terms of entertainment/night life, make it the Comedy Cellar. Definitely make reservations ahead of time online because the line outside was really long, even on a Tuesday night! And it's in a cool young hip area so you'll have options for dinner/drinks afterward too. DO IT!!!
This place is perfect.  You never know who will show up.
I like going here
I love me some stand-up comedy and this is my favorite venue of them all.  It's not as spacious as Gotham or elegant as Comix, but it offers the BEST comedy I have seen in this city.  I love the variety of talent and always have a blast in that cramped little basement.  The last time I was there, on my birthday, I laughed for 90 straight minutes (I thought I was going to give myself a hernia).   Interestingly enough, I find the unknown comedians generally better than the big names.  I've seen Colin Quinn and Dave Attell there and they were both the weaker than their up-and-coming counterparts.  I guess the new guys have more to prove and try harder whereas the celebs use these clubs to try out and hone new material? It sucks that seating is first come first serve and it would be nice to avoid waiting to get in (especially 45 minutes on a cold winter's evening).  Still, it's worth it because the shows are that great.  Can't wait to go again!
Hilarious! We came here in a 6 girl party on a Friday night.  The host as well as the comedians were hilarious!!!
We had a great time here.  There were 5 performers and an MC.  This was great because if you didn't like one performer then it didn't color the entire show.  You're likely to like most of them.  It's New York so we were packed in like sardines but it ended up being more fun because we made friends with the other couple at our table!  There's a two item minimum per person but it was reasonably priced for NY.  I would definitely come again!
A friend suggested we check out the Comedy Cellar during our stay in NYC...it was cheap and open on a monday night.  ended up being a great surprise!  from the get-go our experience was pretty nice.  being a cold windy monday the place was only about 1/2 full to start the show but our host kept the crowd alive and ready...i don't follow comedians nor have i gone to many comedy clubs but i enjoyed the whole 3 hours i was there.  the comedians were a bit under-prepared or just trying out new routines but they managed to keep me laughing and entertained for the most part.  it was 100% worth the $10 cover and 2 item minimum that they charged.  i would recommend this place for anyone who can take a crude joke and enjoys laughing...we went to the 9pm show and because it was pretty slow/empty we got to stay through the 11pm show which was just great! I'd give them a 5 star review had they allowed our large group to sit together...they have a strict policy against parties of 8 or larger sitting together because they think a party that size would be too noisy...come on now...15 asians make less noise than a mouse running over cotton balls...next time maybe make an exception for a group of 15 when your place is 1/2 empty!  also, the bill came for the group, but the server didn't bring it out as members of the group were leaving...possibly screwing anyone that stayed longer.
Went back and Louis CK made an unannounced visit. That's worth at least 6 stars alone.
We went to the early show (7pm) on Saturday March 22nd. We traveled from San Francisco to celebrate my husband's birthday that weekend :) I have to say that it's REALLY HARD to give this place a bad review. You end up leaving so happy and talking about the jokes for days! We sat in the front row(I believe the best seat in the house) but my husband got teased a bit from a few of the comedians. Nothing to harsh and we all had some really great laughs! If you're sensitive to being the butt of a joke, don't go. You'll ruin everyone's fun ;) MAKE RESERVATIONS AHEAD OF TIME and arrive 30 minutes early. If you don't, you'll have to wait around until just when the show starts and you may or may not get in. We only have a few opinions on improvement, none of which have to do with the acts because they were AMAZING and practically had us rolling on the floor with laughter. :) Our first would be to better indicate where the line for reservations starts. We ended up standing in line for some Jedi McBeth thing next door for like, 20 minutes before we realized we were in the wrong line(others had the same problem as well). Another thing we weren't too fond of were the cocktails we received. My husband ordered a Manhattan and I ordered a Cosmo. My cosmo was extremely sweet and tasted like it had some sort of syrup in it. My husband couldn't even drink the Manhattan. Something was wrong with it, and even though we can't be certain, we believe the Vermouth that was used went sour/bad. He told the waitress about it, said he would pay for it, but that he couldn't drink it and that he would like a Jack&Coke instead. She was nice about it and in the end didn't charge us for the Manhattan. I stuck with wine for the rest of the evening. Overall we definitely would come back to The Comedy Cellar if we came back to New York. Thank you for a wonderful evening to remember :)
Probably going to want to make a reservation.  We were able to get in one night without one, but just barely (and this was on a Weds night). Cool little cramped basement comedy club with a $10 cover and 2 drink minimum (3 drink maximum). I hear from a lot of regulars this is a great spot to have a Chris Rock stop by out of the clear blue and work on some of his new stuff . I went back to back days and laughed my ass of.  Great line ups.   Loved James Smith, GODFREY, Dave Attell, John Mulaney, Jessica Kirson and Robert Kelly. I thought Jim Norton and Ben Bailey (from Cash Cab) were the two most disappointing but still weren't bad.   All around great spot and great experience.
You probably won't find a better comedy club in NYC. This makes for an awesome date spot, since there's also a ton of things to do around the area (hookah, famous Artichoke pizza, bars). Just make sure that you reserve beforehand and try to arrive early, since seating is extremely tight. Expect to spend extra cash on the two item minimum.
This is the place! The comedy cellar is a must every time I come into the city now. I went with a group of 12 and we definitely enjoyed the drinks, the appetizers (calamari, mozzarella sticks),  and our absolute gorgeous waitress. Oh yeah, and of course the performances. Will be back again soon
Never been to a comedy club before and it was one of our must dos when visiting NYC. After hunting around for a place with some good reviews we chose here and we certainly made the right choice! It's a really professional setup and they limit the number of drinks to stop people getting too rowdy which was great to see. It's a fairly small sized room so make sure to book early but it's great to have the comedians so close - although you start to worry they might pick you out! We didn't know the names of anyone that was on but went on a night that we had free and some of the faces were actually familiar including a few from SNL. One comedian we couldn't stop laughing at was Whitney Cummings - well worth trying to book in any night she's on. Overall a must visit and we'll be back for certain!
Went on a Wednesday night, made reservations earlier that day and went right in and got a front row seat. it's a small venue, which is actually a bonus. There were 6 performers -- Tom Papa and Colin Quinn were two of the comedians, one was on comedy central's hot list of 2009, and another was on last comic standing. We laughed our asses off! Ive been to comedy clubs in the city maybe ten times, and this was the best. The $10 weekday cover plus a 2 drink minimum was the same as any comedy club, and we have a great time! Definitely going again.
Great comedians & well organized team
This place was small and intimate, so you had a good seat no matter where you were. I would say there were about 50 people in the audience. You're up close and personal with the comedians. When we were there, (probably because he was drunk) one of my friends was shouting random noises, but at least one of the comedians loved it. We saw Dave Attell and he mentioned something about Waffle House, and our group of friends lauged- and he asked us where we were (because there's apparently no WH in NY) and we said Maryland- and then he made fun of Maryland (being the Syphyllis capital of the world.) After the show he was just chilling outside on the stoop with some people talking, which I thought was pretty cool. Definitely a place you want to take your out of towner friends!
This spot is my fav stand up comedy in the city. Great acts they hire some funny dudes out there. I haven't been in a while kinda getting the itch to go. Anyways I def recommend it if ur looking for a good laugh
Been there several times. Every time we laugh from start to end. Last time we were there Aziz Ansari showed up, which was positively surprising! I will definitely go back again.
One of the top 3 spots in NYC to see comedy. You're guaranteed to have a marquee comedian there on the weekend, and if you're a generally happy and well-balanced individual, you are going to laugh your ass off (especially if you've had a few). My first time, I went to a show that was headlined by Dave Attell and also featured Judah Freidlander (of 30 Rock fame). The service was great, the beers came in huge glasses, and they kept me boozed up enough to almost piss myself laughing/crying while Judah was telling us how he hit the first inter-stadium home run (from Shea to Yankees Stadium...or was it the other way around). I've been there several times since and the service has been comparable (give or take some grumpy waitresses), but I've never had a bad time at this place. It's joints like this that make you realize what you're missing when you're not hitting a comedy spot on the weekend. If you like this, also make sure to check out Gotham Comedy Club and  Caroline's.
awesome stand-up comedy just like on Louie! cover was $12 per person on most weeknights plus 2 minimum orders (show consisted of multiple comedians - 2 hours of almost non-stop funny materials). food/drinks are not bad.
Not sure if this place deserve a 4/5 maybe it's more of a 3,5, but anyway, the show was actually really fun! There was no sexist jokes even dough all the comedians were male. In this show 5 comedians showed up, I've seen all but one of them on tv before and was exited to see them live. DON'T come here for the food,  just order some drinks and enjoy the shows :)
I have probably been to the comedy cellar a dozen times and have never once had a bad time.  The prices are reasonable, there are no bad seats, and the comedians are always greats. One of my favorite things about the cellar is its a two ITEM minimum, not a 2 drink minimum.  This means if you was to order a burger and an order of wings you dont have to order a beer.  Or if you and your buddy prefer not to eat, a pitcher of beer counts as 4 items, and you guys are all set. The other thing thats great is that you see about 7-8 comedians for 10 minutes each.  If someone is up there that you aren't crazy about than you don't have to set through a 45 minute set. The club is definitely worth it, especially if you go during the week (non-holiday week), because you can get free tickets through their website! Keep in mind if you are a group, they wont seat more than 8 together
This little brick wall basement, is one of New York's finest comedy clubs. This room is essentially where the industry's top comedians go to practice, test new jokes, and push the limits. The smallness of the place provides unique coziness for a comedy club, giving the show a truly intimate feel the bigger clubs can't match.
This place is great. I showed up alone around 9 and talked to the door guy who took my name and told me to come back at 935. Went back at 935, he orderly called a few names off his list while being harassed by drunk people. I had to laugh when a drunk kid next to me was asked: "are you even 21"? The kid replied in an angry voice: "come on man! I'm 22"! I get in and the place is small but felt safe if there was a fire. Plenty of exits and they make clear paths. There is a drink minimum, so with the cover, and two drinks I paid 30 for the whole night of service and laughs. The comics were hit and miss, but over all well above the standard comedy show line up. The guy who hosted it was a little tired but the five comics all had some really good bits. The crowd was pretty cool too. Everyone was out to have a good time. As everything was wrapping up, they did a great job of getting everyone out. I thought the line, the door person, waitstaff and comics were all well run and talented, especially when surrounded by drunk, rude and sometimes funny NYcitiers. I'd come back, but I'd book ahead of time if I did.
AMAZING! We went last Thursday and admission was only $12.  The staff lost our reservation but were extremely accomodating and still got to sit pretty close. I love the intimacy of this place and they had a stellar line up.  The drinks aren't too ridiculous ($6-9) and the staff was super friendly and attentive. The line to the bathroom sucks but it was all worth it when after the second comedian, i came out of the bathroom to Dave Chappel taking the stage! Yeah, it was ridiculously great and i will definately come here the next time i am in the city.
yes. Yes. YES. Place is awesome. The shows are great, the waitstaff is wonderful. The food and drinks are good. It is amazing what great comedians come through that door and entertain people for a measley 12 dollars.  Support laughter, go to the Comedy Cellar!
I really felt like my presence was an imposition to them. I understand having a busy comedy club, but my asking for very minimal services and to be charged a $24 cover was unbelievable. And I say this living in manhattan. So overpriced! Also, the comedians were not funny. I'm very liberal, but their jokes were offensive. I love a good laugh, but literally the only jokes we heard were about rape, abortion, and race. For such a high price, the jokes and standards should be much higher. We are all educated. Have some more class! The next time I want to have a good laugh with some friends I'll buy some trader joes wine and have some girlfriends over to watch modern family or sex and the city. You should too. You work too hard to toss your money out for this less than impressive cellar.
I went with three of my friends on a Wednesday night, at the 8pm show. We reserved our tickets online and we asked to be seated at the front. We just sort of got singled out as the "Asians". The host, Ardie Fuqua, was really funny and he opened the show, introduced other comedians, and did the in-betweens. There was a couple from Utah sitting in the front center and he made fun of them a lot. That backpack was hideously ugly. The jokes were interesting, original, and not trite. Before going, I read the Yelp reviews and I was excited for the show. The only guy I recognized was Darrell Hammond - the Bill Clinton SNL guy. There were 5 comedians total, including the host. We were all laughing genuinely every other second. I probably added new wrinkles to my face from all the laughing! I understand the drink policy but why say "minimum of 2 drinks" and then have signs that say "maximum 3 drinks". ?? I had such a great time that I can't wait to go back!
I went to Comedy Cellar on my birthday as part of a surprise birthday evening, my girlfriend had planned the most amazing birthday ever (she's just the best and I'm super lucky to be with her !!). This was the last stop for the night and it was an awesome experience. I think she called and made reservations for us ahead of time for the 10PM show. We reached there around 9:45 or so and we were seated right up front next to the stage. The show started around 10:15-10:30 and it went on way past 12:45 with nine artists !! There were so many good artists that evening that it was hard to single out one. My personal favorites were Deon Cole and i dont remember their names at this point - but he was a writer for David Letterman, his opening joke was " Dont ask me if i can fix your printer " and another one was - i look like a child from Bill Gates and Jerry Lewis.! LOL..Some other interesting ones were Damon Wayans Jr, another guy whose tag line was " that joke was for the smart people, all others brick wall in the back ..." . One of the major let downs for the night however was Dane Cook - he was one of the surprise acts for the evening, I'm not a big fan nor a hater, but he made some rather inappropriate jokes that day which were not cool. He cut his act short, which was great, since that left a lot more time for other much more talented comedians to perform without resorting to shock value for laughs. The guy who followed him was several folds better , with very little crude humor - he was genuinely funny and talented. All in all a wonderful experience, the jokes were awesome and it was the best experience I could've asked for. I definitely will be going back soon and I'd highly recommend Comedy Cellar if you are visiting the city and looking for "non-touristy" activities!
Stopped in on a Monday night for the early 8pm show.  We made reservations online and glad we did when we saw the line up. Since we were a party of 2, they sat us up front (aka perv row).  Luckily the host and comedians took it easy on mocking the audience. Our server was friendly and after perusing the menu, we decided to split a large pitcher of Sam Adams ($18), which covered both our 2-item minimum. The Comedy Cellar space is pretty small, intimate and cozy.  Great energy for a small audience.   Comedians were okay.  Since it was a Monday night, a lot of them were just trying out new material - some funny, some not so funny.  No celebrity appearances unfortunately. $12/person cover which I thought was worth the price for some laughs on a school night.
Worst experience in New York City... The alleged manager Murtz accused 1 member of our 6 being drunk, who herself is a non-drinker - and barred us from the venue. I don't know what he had against us, but he was determined for us to have a terrible time. I have never felt targeted like this before and based on that I cannot recommend this establishment to anyone.
Best comedy room in the city. Been here twice I've seen Chris Rock, David Attell, Godfrey, Tony Rock, and plenty of more talented comedians. Drinks prices aren't as much of a killer as other comedy clubs.
The show was quite good. It was maybe 5 comedians coming up and each had their own personality and style. Be warned, if you are a big stiff, or offended easily, or don't like crude jokes, then you should not come. Otherwise, come and have a great time. The village underground is a bit large, so that's suboptimal, but otherwise it's great. The food and drinks are also a bit subpar, but that's fine, the show makes up for it. Be warned, there's a two item minimum per person.
The Comedy Cellar is excellent place to see quality stand-up comedy for a great price. We went 10ish times while we live in NYC from April '04-Oct. '04. Check out the website for the lineup (always quality) and deals - you can make reservations for free Sun-Thurs. There is a two item minimum per person every night. The regulars are very well-known, hilarious comics - our fave is Sherrod Small. Additionally, more well-known comics that aren't on the bill often pop in. Before, during, and after shows, the comics often hang out at the Olive Tree upstairs. It is a small club and most of the comics have strong crowd working skills, so be prepared to be made fun of. Don't try to be funny back, just laugh and enjoy it. Sometimes Sun.-Thurs. you can see multiple shows because there is room in the club.
I LOVE comedy, and this is the best place in the city.  All of the best talent in the city comes here nightly.  The service is pretty bleh like upstairs at the Olive Tree, so if you want to drink go for pitchers when the waitress makes her way to you.  You will only usually get two shots with the waitress as there is a two drink minimum, and they seem too busy to be bothered with anything more than that.  Seats are a little uncomfortable too, but c'mon it is all about the FUNNY! Lois C.K. and Sarah Silverman are two of my favs that I have seen here recently.  Other rock stars like Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld will also drop in unannounced occasionally.  If you haven't seen live comedy and you are in NY, shame on you.  There is no limits here like there is when censored for Television (both language and subject matter).  Give it a try, you'll owe me later.
I think we were at the Underground location, but either way this place is awesome!  The comedians had us laughing the entire time! Service was great.  Our server kept our drinks refilled most of the night. I would highly recommend doing the reservations online.  The lines are scary right when you get there, but with a reservation.. you will be seated in no time.
This place is a hole. In the ground! Whoa. It lived up to the hype and being a typical club we were packed in like sardines and forced to order 2 drinks or 2 menu items. One of which is a basket of supermarket ruffles, greasy peanuts and something I dont choose to recall so yes, it was as awesome as you'd expect it to be. A great bunch of comics performed when we were there and just to be there was an honor.
I've been twice now and both times laughed so hard it hurt, for two hours. I highly recommend!!!
The comedy cellar acts pretentious. Tonight wasn't the first night I felt this way, but their occasional good acts kept me from leaving this review. Over the years that I have gone there, their acts often fall flat and they repeat the same lame comedians over and over. One MC spent his entire act picking on people who were going in the bathroom and I saw people nearly in tears over it. I am so disappointed because I have been a fan for a long time of the Louie show, but their attitude of "greatness" and how they act towards long term patrons really turns me off. Lastly, one of the worst things about the Comedy Cellar are the bouncers. Last year, when I went they tried to claim that I had a fake ID because my hair color did not match the picture. This time around the bouncer was pissy because my fiance took the card in a manner the bouncer did not like. After making us grovel and apologize for being "disrespectful" (for not grabbing the card the right way!) the bouncer told us to leave. So rude!!! Never coming back again.
We wanted to take our family to a good comedy show with quality performers.  We didn't want to go to the more cliche spots in Times Square.  We wanted to give them a more authentic experience.  The Comedy Cellar was the perfect combination of good comics and authenticity. The cost of admission was a little bit more expensive than normally (for the holiday season) and drinks are a little pricey.  Expect $40 per person on a holiday and $25-30 on regular days. Definitely make reservations and show up 20-30 minutes early.  The Cellar is really small but surprisingly well organized to fit in a good number of patrons.  The vibe makes you feel like you are in a more secret club compared to the larger auditoriums and clubs.  I liked that about the Comedy Cellar. The performers at the Comedy Cellar are always changing and are people who you know but might not be fully mainstream.  The comedians are talented and each perform a 15 minute set.  There have been more well known stars who have made surprise appearances at the Cellar too. Overall: 4.0 stars A great way to enjoy a good show, laugh alot, have some good drinks in NYC.  I would definitely recommend going to the Comedy Cellar for a night, either post dinner/ pre clubbing.  You'll leave in a great mood and probably a little toasty.
this place is fantastic. a must do. made reservations online 2 hours before the show on a wednesday night. 6 comics and THE ROBIN WILLIAMS opened up. we had no idea he was gonna be there and the rest of the comics were great.  we even chilled with the mc late night. great intimate place. i will def go back
Please do not come here! It is awful awful awful.  Bad place.  OK - perhaps I am saying that to keep the crowds/tourists away.  My favorite experience NYC.  Been there two dozen times and also some places in other parts of the USA and Europe and the Cellar has the best comics in the world.  A must on your list of things to do in the City.  Best days to go are not the weekends when many of the best comics are out of town at their own gigs.
Gave tree stars because they had good comedians including Azis Ansari that night that i went, waiter service was good and prompt, but besides them the security and management were uptight pricks. Felt like in school for a while, youre not allowed to use your phone not even for texting wich i found to be ridiculous, if you laugh too loud you will get scolded, literally youll were told not to laugh so hard. Before entering the place you have to make a line, that night was raining and we had to wet ourselves with no considerarion whatsoever from the staff.
Had a great time! The show was great and the staff was friendly. Make sure you make reservations and get there a half hour before the show. The place is a little small but I think that adds to the authentic NYC comedy club experience. Beware if you're in the front you're most likely in the show. I laughed until my face hurt!
Seriously just showed up!!! Doorman were very kind, threw us on list n threw us a table! Amazing show got Epic when Ray (Ramon) n Amy Schumer apparently decided to drop in. Once again NYC never disappoints.
I came here on the Sunday before NYE while visiting friends after hearing great things. This place did not disappoint. i made reservations five days in advance and there was not even a line up yet which was interesting. The MC and first two acts were good. I forgot the MC's name, but the 1st  act was Todd Barry, and the 2nd was Jermaine Fowler. Barry's monotone voice was a stark contrast to Fowler's incredibly high energy. After Fowler's set, Modi was supposed to come out, BUT.... The announcer explained that AZIZ ANSARI wanted to try out new material! FINE BY ME! He came  out and did 20 minutes, which was awesome considering this place seats no more that 100 people. Needless to say he killed it. Then Modi came out and ripped the entire audience (it being a holiday weekend, lots of out of towners were in the crowd). Overall regardless of the crazy AZIZ pop in, the comedy was great. Service was great, and the actual club itself is an institution, so
Always funny, never disappointed.  Great time, especially with a group of friends.  Price reasonable, just wish you were not always sold out, which makes last minute plans to attend a show almost impossible.
Short quick lineup of several comedians - which is good and bad bc those you like are gone too early and those you don't also leave soon. We had an off day where the routines weren't so funny, most comedians turned to the easiest way of doing comedy - making fun of the audience.
Easily the best comedy club in nyc.  It doesn't get any better than this place.  You're always going to see recognizable comics; Dave Atell, Jim Breuer.  And most anybody that makes it on stage there, has truly put in the work to make it. The drink service has occasionally slowed down on me, but I think it's been done to keep me conscious throughout the entire show.
Loved this place! I've been to my fair share of comedy shows in NYC and this place was hands down the best. I went on a random Wednesday, for my birthday, so kind of expected a so-so line up, but there were several known comedians in the line up. (Nikki, from the Nikki and Sara show on MTV, and Louis CK from the FX show Louie showed up as a surprise!) Honestly, each comedian was equally as funny as the person before. There wasn't a single act that I didn't love. There is a 2 item minimum, but the prices were reasonable, and they had plenty of food and drink options. After the show, the MC guy came over and was talking with us for a few minutes, which definitely gave it a fun, personal touch. Be sure to make reservations ahead of time, beacause the place was packed and seemed like that was the norm. Also, when you arrive to check in, see if you can get a seat in the front row. The comedians were pretty interactive with the crowd, so sitting closer is more fun, in my opinion. There's also great surrounding bars and restaurants for pre/post show fun!!  Great for out of towners, date night, or just something different and fun to do as a local!
