really really delicious puerto rican food. stumbled upon this place after refusing to stand in line at brownstone diner (i love pancakes, but standing in line for them makes me grumpy). decided to just get a few small plates and some rice. pretty much everything we ordered was delicious. the meal starts with some garlic bread slices. that was probably the only disappointing dish, but it's free bread. can't complain. then came the chicharrones (chicken), calamari, and bacalaitos. the chicharrones came with their green sauce (they call it money sauce), calamari came with a type of remoulade, and the bacalaitos with a garlicky tomato sauce. all were great. i would skip the calamari next time though, only because it's nothing special or new and you can get that anywhere. the arroz con gandules were out of sight. really spot on. as i was mid-chomp on these goodies, i decided to break out my handy dandy yelp app to see what other yelpers were saying about this place. the consensus was pretty loud and clear: mofongo. now i've had mofongo from various different restaurants, from several different countries, made in many ways... but this was by far the best mofongo i've ever had. ordered the appetizer one, which comes with 3 mounds, and you can choose your protein: chicken, beef, shrimp. i chose all 3 of course. sometimes i find mofongo to be textureless and flavorless, which is why i often stay away, but that was not the case here. you could TELL you were eating a fresh green plantain; the edges had the crunchiness of a tostones and the inside was soft and delicious. the mofongo with the sauce created a taste explosion (i think the same sauce was used for all 3 proteins). skip the shrimp though. beef or chicken is the way to go. all in all. really a great meal. GET THE MOFONGO.
Little gem in Jersey City. My husband and I went here last night after wanting to visit for quite some time. It is a small and quiet place.  BYOB.   Our waitor was very nice.  We were served some garlic bread and I tried really hard to not eat it all.  It was delicious. We ordered the little fried chicken pieces to share and two sliders (pulled pork and beef).  The chicken was light and nicely fried.  The batter was not heavy.  Sprinkle some lemon on it and/or dip it one of the 3 sauces that the chef graciously gave out to our table and they are delectable. I wasn't quite a fan of the beef slider but the pulled pork was succulent. My husband ordered mofongo and I got the asopao de camerones.  I was able to steal a few pieces of the beef from my husband's mofongo.  Perfectly seasoned and tender.  My dish hit the spot.  It was soupy with rice on the bottom.  The dish was not only loaded with shrimp but some calamari as well which was a nice surprise and great texture to the dish. Needless to say, I could not finish my dish so I had it packed to go. I believe it was Eddie (the chef) that came out to welcome us firstimers to Me Casa.  He was gracious and genuine in his thanks to us.  He held light conversation and came out a second time to make sure everything was alright.  Did he have to do this? No.  But it was such a nice touch.  You can tell he is vested in this restaurant and he really wants to make sure everyone who walks in enjoys their experience. I will be back.  Next time, I am going to bring some booze!
Awesome time here last night. Out waiter was top notch and had some really good recommendations. The mini mofongos are the best I've ever had - I'd recommend the beef and shrimp. The pork chop was also delicious. Worth mentioning that they're BYOB so get your drink on! The backstory for the restaurant is that Chef Eddie left his job in finance after 16 years and started a restaurant with the experience he had growing up on a farm in Puerto Rico. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Jersey City and worth checking out.
Incredible friendly waiter (owners son ). It's a byob so heads up on that. Mofongo was fab!
I have to say this is one of my favorite restaurants, and I found this cute little slice of Latin food on Yelp.  I was so impressed with the food and service that I had my rehearsal dinner here about two weeks ago. Eddie put together an AMAZING per plate menu for my guests.  Everyone was amazed, full, and happy with their food and service.  I had a party of 25 people in the restaurant, and everyone was served at the same time.  There were no complaints(which can be difficult with such a large group). First course: Salad that was light with a yummy dressing. Second course: Choice of cerviche on tostones ..must have every time we are there Empanadas ..we had beef and chicken ...delicious and crispy Bacalaitos Papa Rellena Eddie sent around extra dishes of all the appetizers for everyone to enjoy. Third course: Choice of Roasted Chicken Roast Pork Tilapia Mofongo with Chicken or Beef We had people in from around the world who do not get good Latin food, and they were extremely impressed.  It was a great night with great people, and Eddie made it very easy! It was an amazing meal!  To top if off, Eddie will be introducing desserts and coffee soon, but he did not have coffee at the time.  He went to a local coffee shop to buy people who wanted coffee.  At the end of the night, he dropped me and eight of my bridal party off at the local hotel with all the extra booze we did not drink at Me Casa.   Eddie started our wedding weekend off with a BANG!  I would recommend this cozy, friendly restaurant to anyone!
Great find in Jersey City.  The chef and waiter, Justin, were very inviting. The calamari and shrimp tostones were a nice start to the meal. Then we had pernil and mofongo with beef stew. I can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.
They tend to overbook especially on Friday. You will be asked to leave when overcrowded. I think it is because of lack of sophisticated management. I think I will never come back.
This place is awesome! I went for my birthday along with 12 other people and everyone loved the food, not one complaint! Everything was tasty and the chef even brought out a special plate since it was my birthday.. Service was great staff was friendly I would definitely go back. There aren't many Puerto Rican restaurants in the area that have  such authentic Puerto Rican food like this place. I would recommend this place to anyone I know.
Love this cozy place! Food was awesome n chef Eddie made it more amazing. Will be back for sure ..
One word: Phenomenal!  By far the best food I had in Jersey city.  This chef belongs in Manhattan and I think my husband even tried to convince him to open up a place in Brooklyn next to us.  He's very very talented and the food is REALLY really delicious.  The portions were HUGE and when the food arrived, I was sure that I wouldn't be able to finish it but it was so freakin' delicious that I licked that plate clean.  Oh and the garlic bread is NOT to be missed.  The food is on the heavy side, but I am guessing that might be typical of Puerto Rican food.
I passed this restaurant for 6 months before finally going in. I went in because the Yelp reviews were so good. I was not disappointed. I never had Puerto Rican food before so the waitress helped us order. We had the empanadas. I had the pork and plantains as my main dish. It was so good that the food alone will make me come back. The owner Eddie was very nice as well and checked on us three times.
Delicious food!  Friendly Staff. Plates came out in a timely fashion...Go see for yourself! Downsides: Slight moldy smell when you first walk in... Small dining tables..so if you order a lot of food you're in trouble...& NO DESSERT!! Regardless of the small issues.. I will be returning!
This place is amazing. Nicest staff and actual REAL Puerto Rican food!
The location and appearance of the restaurant from the outside may be deceiving, I thought it was a bar growing up walking home from highschool. As I got older, low and behold a gem of a restaurant. I don't live in the area to dine in, but I frequently order delivery. One, the staff has always been so considerate over the phone. Two, have you had all of their appetizers? If not, EAT ALL OF THEM. Three, try all their entrees, each one is different and delicious; I'm a beef stew girl and it comes with mofongo, a treat I've never experience before with stew until I've tried it here. It's not an extensive menu, but I think it's perfect, just a little bit of everything, and everything is good.
Food and service were fantastic! Ordered delivery at about 8 pm. When the delivery guy arrived I think it was the owner or maybe one of the chefs, as he was friendly and very curious about how we had found them. It turns out we were out of their normal delivery range so he brought our food himself. I'm very glad he did! I had the shrimp gumbo which was delicious. Absolutely recommended. Everyone else loved what they got. I hope they expand their delivery I'm the future so we can get this delicious food more often.
We went last night. Had made reservations for a large group and the table was ready in a very convenient spot for the stroller.  The food was authentic Puertorrican and the owner/chef Eddie came to introduce himself. The little mofongo appetizers were very good. I had the tilapia al mojo isleno which was delicious! Our group was very satisfied with the food and the service.   It is BYOB so we bought a bottle of sangria and the server put it on ice right away.  Hopefully they will have desserts in the near future. We will definitely be back.
I'm in love.  I had bookmarked this place to try months ago, and after a reco from a Puerto Rican friend, I finally went tonight.  The whole thing just made me happy.  From the owner/chef/all around bon vivant Eddie greeting everyone and telling us about his background to the uber friendly waiter giving us an honest opinion about what to order AND letting us know how much food it was so we didn't over order, to the general feeling that it was someone's dream to own the place (Eddie's). First, the bread.  Holy crap.  Crispy but dripping in butter and garlic.  I mean, seriously.   It was something to behold.  I just really really want to keep eating it. We had a couple of dishes....the shrimp mofongo, which I have been craving since my last trip to PR a few years ago, was delish.  I just love it.  Couldn't finish it though.  And the tilapia with mango salsa.  A HUGE serving - like two full fillets, pan seared with a bunch of the salsa, which was delicious.  And then the sides - we had maduros and tostones, and I HIGHLY reco the tostones.  Thin, crispy, served with super garlicky mojito sauce.  I can't even fathom it.   All I can say is go.  I want to go back...with the bottle of wine next time.  (We forgot to bring it.)  Who's coming?
Abandon all diet ye who enter here! This place is a hidden gem.  It's barely visible from the street, set down a bit with curtains blocking the windows.  I must have walked by it a dozen times before I noticed a restaurant there.  But you should go find it, it's pretty fantastic.  If anyone working here is reading this, I'd suggest making yourselves a bit more visible - I can't imagine you get many walk-ins off the street with the current setup. The place is small, like many restaurants in the area, but if you go on a sunday or other off night you'll be able to get a table.  It's BYOB, so pick up something fun on the way.  You might want to jog there, to get a head start on the workout you'll need after eating here.  The portions are not for the faint of heart. Service wise, the staff was friendly and attentive.  Our waitress put our cider on ice for us, and kept our glasses full, unlike some BYO establishments where you're left to your own devices.  The owner/chef tends to chat with his patrons when it's not busy, which is a welcoming touch. Ambiance is comfortable and casual, I wouldn't say this is a place for a first date, but I would bring anyone you know with an impressive appetite. And now I get to the food!  My favorite part. We started with the empanada sampler (one of each), of which the chicken was decent but the beef and shrimp were particularly good; and the ceviche, served in little fried plantain bowls, which was a fun presentation and quite good.  We also had a special, similar to the papas rellena on the menu, but with some added ingredients, which was my favorite of the whole first course. For a main course, we decided to try some of the house specials.  My companion ordered the mofongo topped with beef stew and a side of yuca.  I, of course, tried it...stole a good bit of it, more accurately...and it was delicious.  It was her first time having mofongo, though I'm an old fan, and we both agreed how good it was.  Quite a portion, too - this person could probably finish a thanksgiving dinner alone, and still had a large plate of leftovers.  For my own dish, I tried the pernil asado.  When it came out, I kept looking for what this enormous pile of mouthwatering pork might be resting on to make it look so large - a bed of rice?  anything?  But no, my tasty yellow rice was on a separate plate, there seemed to be half a pig in front of me.  And not only was it impressive in size, but it was incredibly delicious...I ate my fill, shared some, ate my fill again, and had enough for two more meals when I waddled home like the pig I just ate. All of this comes with a set of three sauces - all homemade.  There was a hot sauce, a sweet/spicy brown sauce, and an aji verde.  I am an aji verde addict, but I did enjoy them all - though here the hot sauce is the least interesting because the other two are so fun.  They do sell them by the bottles, if you're interested. So yes, come here, and come hungry, and bring a group (my plan for next time) so you can try more things without eating yourself silly!
Amazing, excellent, authentic Puerto Rican food!!!
The wife and I went here and had the empanadas one of each meat variety (chicken, beef, shrimp (delicious) as an appetizer. I had the mofongo with beef. The meat was decent however the rest of the mofongo was so salty it was almost inedible. The wife had the pulled pork where the pork was again well made and seasoned but the sauce it came with was unpleasant. Overall the amazing appetizers sadly didn't make up for the entrees.
Went to this place tonight for my boyfriend's birthday. I was really hopefully for some good food based on all the good reviews on here and let me tell you, I was not disappointed. First off, this place is small and adorable so I suggest making a reservation beforehand because it filled up pretty fast when we were there. Secondly, every single thing we ordered was delicious. I got the Pollo a la Brasa with Arroz con Gandules and oh my god...it was amazing. And it was so much, I couldn't finish it! My sister and boyfriend got the Pernil which I stole bits of and that was delicious as well. Lastly, the service was phenomenal. They really made us feel welcome the minute we walked in. Our waiter was constantly filling our drinks and asking us if we wanted anything else, and the owner gave my boyfriend an appetizer for his birthday. They both were very friendly and are part of the reason I want to come back. Seriously, this place is great. I don't have any complaints. Can't wait to go again.
For old school JC peeps this spot is the old Hernandez turned Nuvo!  What an amazingly quaint place, superb service and an experience to make your taste buds go BOMBASTIC!!  Eddie is works magic with traditional Latin food, I mean starting with the bread!  What the heck is in that bread??!  I think it was a perfect blend of olive oil, spices and what tasted to me like bacaladito!! Eddie treated us to ceviche on tostones appetizers and it was perfect-that comes from an Ecuadorian whose ceviche culture is a mater of national pride!   I had the Cuban on tostones, I forgot the name because I got lost in the favors which included jalapeños finely diced!  I know your thinking 'that's not a Cuban'...I'm here to tell you it was better!!!  The empanadas, arroz con gandules and pernil were seasoned perfectly!  I can't wait to go back!!!
The food is authentic and delicious. The wait staff has been attentive and enthusiastic, not to mention the humility of the chef and owner. A definite must eat!
The Mofondo is the best.
The owner here is really friendly and the service has been great the 3 times I've been here. Come hungry, the portions are large and the prices are very reasonable. I haven't had a lot of Puerto Rican Cuisine but this is definitely the best I've had. Fried plantains are awesome. Also its BYOB, can't beat it. One problem I found is that the kitchen is not closed off enough from the dining area and your clothes wind up smelling like their delicious food, which can be a problem if you are going somewhere after.
This place is the BOMB.  It's the most authentic Puerto Rican restaurant I've ever been to in Jersey.  It's BYOB, and the vibe is chill.  The owner and his wife are the nicest people ever.  Everything I ate was top notch.  I've had the pleasure of traveling to both PR and DR, yet the mofongo at Me Casa is the best I've ever had in my life.  I had Pollo a la Brasa for my main course.  This bad ass bird had me singing J-Hov circa 2000, "Give it to me, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff....."  Yes, I sang "I Just Wanna Love You" to my dinner.  It's Top 5 most delicious roast chicken that I've ever eaten lifetime.  This place is a welcome addition to JC.  It's so damn good.  I can't wait to go back and try some more items off their menu.  5 stars!
Found this place on yelp randomly on a friday afternoon. Sooo glad we tried it! The food is delicious, staff is friendly & the owner/exec chief, Eddie, is great! He personally greeted everyone in the dining room & made us feel at home. I cant wait to go back!!!
Fantastic food, but service was little bit slow. It was busy, and they didn't have enough stuff.Guys friday evening is busy time, hire more people:)
My boyfriend and I had a Groupon for ME Casa, and I'm so glad we went on Friday. The place was packed, and smelled like my mom's kitchen when we walked in, so I was already salivating. We had the traditional papas rellenas for an appetizer with the "Money" sauce, which had a great flavor of cilantro with some good heat. He had pernil with a side of maduros, which he loved. I had the chicken mofongo with a side of arroz con gandules. The mofongo was DELICIOUS. The chicken was so flavorful and perfectly cooked. It went so well with the platanos. For dessert, he had flan and I had the tres leches cake. Both were awesome. The flan was light and not too sweet. The tres leches could only have been better had it been topped with whipped cream and not buttercream (at least it had the texture of buttercream). The chef came out and talked with us for a few minutes at the end of our meal, which was nice. Everyone there was extremely friendly and attentive. We'll definitely be going back!
Happy to finally find excellent authentic Puerto Rican food after moving from PR 2 years ago. Must try the marinated roast pork and shrimp mofongo. The seasoning is fantastic with the special touch that reminds me of the food back home.
If ME Casa was in Boston I would probably go at least once a month. Reasonably priced, friendly service, great food. What more could you ask? I'll tell you, BYOB. Those magical 4 letters meaning you don't have to spend a fortune at dinner. Also the source of one of my gripes with my home city, raises fist to the sky. Anyways moving on to dinner. On a recent trip to Jersey City/New York City my dinning companions and I were looking for a place to eat for Saturday night, and I'm glad we found ME Casa on Yelp. We stopped in for an early meal around 6, and I would highly recommend reservations. The space is tight and all the tables were full. I was nervous for a moment, but the host managed to finagle us a table for 4. Once we were seated the server asked if we brought our own wine (which we did), and opened the bottle for us. No muss, no fuss, no secret handshakes. After perusing the menu, we decided on splitting the appetizer platter and garlic bread for starters, and for the entrees there were two rounds of  house specialty Pernil ordered, as well as two orders of the signature Mofongo. The food came out perfectly timed and tasted great. From the whole meal, I'd say my favorites were the chicken Mofongo and Empanadas. Although all forks were in each others plates so I'd have to say it all tasted great (especially with the added bonus that they bring out 3 different salsas to spice up your food, love it!). Also, once we were finished with dinner the chef came to the table to chat about how the meal went. I thought it was a nice personal touch that made the night that much better, and if I find myself in the area ever again I will most certainly make a point to visit once more.
Amazing shrimp mofongo. The calamari was delicious as well. I will definitely be coming back!
Mofongo with beef was delicious!! Beef was seasoned and the sauce wasn't overpowering. The empanadas were a great start and the money sauce is a great added mix!! The chicken is not dry, sautéed with just the right amount of garlic, and seasoning! Will go back to try other items on the menu!
A great family own place. Eddie's a man on a mission and customer service is important to him. Great food. If you don't like cilantro, make sure you tell them. It's a staple ingredient.
I wanted to love this place because everyone else seemed to be... However, my experience here was nothing short of two stars. I came here with my boyfriend on a weekday afternoon. We weren't too hungry so we opted on ordering the three empanadas and we each ordered a sandwich from the lunch menu. The waitress came back and said she had incorrectly shown us the lunch menu instead of the dinner menu. She said our sandwiches came with sides and this took down our respective choices. The food took a very long time to come out. Being the only customers who were actually eating, the service was rather slow. When we received our food, we were amazed at how much food our orders came with. Although a bit overwhelmed at the amount of food, we dug in. The meal was above average. I was not too big a fan of my sandwich but it was definitely edible. My boyfriend seemed to be enjoying his dish more than me. The star of the meal for both of us was the empanadas. Finally after eating non stop for about 40 minutes, we received our check. Instead of being charged $10 for our individual sandwiches, we were charged more than double that amount. We immediately called over the waitress and asked why the check price did not reflect the menu price. She said that it was the dinner price we were being charged.  My boyfriend and I were appalled-- how could any employee rationally decide it appropriate to charge customers the dinner price (2x greater lunch price) without the customers' knowledge?! Me and my boyfriend were already super annoyed at the situation and asked to speak to someone higher up. After going back and forth for ten minutes, we settled on deducting one of the prices of the sandwiches. Also he would add on another order of empanadas for us. To be honest, I don't think this is how it should have been handled but me and boyfriend had prior arrangements and could not waste any more of our time to argue for something that was the restaurant's fault. Regardless of the proximity of ME casa to my boyfriend's house, we will not find ourselves returning here- you will save yourself a major headache.
Finally tried ME Casa last night - so good!  The food and service were both exactly what they were supposed to be. My husband and I split the shrimp ceviche appetizer, which was creatively served in four individual portions, using plantains as the vehicle for the ceviche.  For main courses, I got the shrimp mofongo and he got the chicken cooked in beer. We of course sampled each other's - everything was delicious.  And the portions were huge. Neither of us finished. The service was also great.  It's a very small space, and it seems like just two guys were manning the front.  They did it very capably.  We were greeted and seated immediately. (Make a reservation! Wait times can be up to 45 minutes without one as we had discovered at an earlier time.)  Everything that should have been quick about the service was - taking our orders as soon as we were ready, getting our wine ready (BYOB!), getting our food to the table.  But they never hawked us and once the food was in front of us, they left us be for quite awhile.  This is the kind of place that makes me love living in Jersey City.  Needless to say, we will be back.
The service was really nice but the food wasn't good.  We ordered the empanadas, the shrimp mofongo and the rotisserie chicken.  The empanadas were solid but the fillings tasted frozen.  The shrimp mofongo wasn't flavorful and the chicken had a really odd aftertaste.  The ambiance wasn't very appealing since the restaurant is in the basement level and was too dark and felt closed in.  We were really excited to try this place for its high rating as we're always in search of a great PR place.  Not that I was expecting this place to have the type of flavors we experienced in PR, but it wasn't at the same level of most NYC eateries.
I visited ME casa for the first time this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised by the intimate and inviting atmosphere.  The chef and owner greeted us right away and sat us at a cute corner table which and made us feel most comfortable and really added to the restaurants' charm.  I have had a fair taste of puerto rican food growing up in this robust ethnic melting pot that we call jersey city and can say that this guy makes a mean mofongo! Not only that but his alcapuria ( among many other items) was on point and full of flavor.  We tried almost all of the appetizers and I think my favorite was between the ceviche de camarones and the alcapurias.  'Los latinos esliders' were also pretty tickling.  Once we chowed through the entire left side of the menu of starters (and polished off a bottle of wine), we moved onto the entrees : mofongo con guisado de camarones, pernil asado, arroz con gandules and some sweetly perfected maduros.  All were excellent - but the mofongo takes the cake.  We had it with the shrimp (which is my favorite) but I am hoping to try the carne sometime soon.   The chef even brought us some house sauces to pair with the pernil. This guy knows how to make our bellies happy.  Very generous portions that allowed the three of share and even bring home (and eat later when no one is watching ... don't judge me .. )   Alas.. 2 bottles of wine later we still wanted more !  But teasing us with an "upcoming" dessert menu??  Not cool !!!  Would have loved to finish on a sweet note, but altogether an excellent meal and excellent service.   Besides, he says desserts are coming soon ... we shall see !!!  Hoping to see some specials on the menu too.  I'll def be back for some more sabrositas de ME casa.  It's nice to see a more upscale and authentic take on Puerto Rican food in the area.   I can see this catering to both longtime locals and new jersey city residents in a way that will take Puerto Rican cuisine to the next level.
My first Puerto Rican restaurant experience... Used to lived in Hamilton Heights so I got my fair share of street Puerto Rican fair. ME Casa is definitely a little neighborhood gem and I was not disappointed. Two things stood out... particularly the warmth of the service and the portion of the food. It is an intimate setting and the chef loves to mingle with dinners... which is always a good sign. As far as food goes, it is quintessential Puerto Rican... pretty heavy but done well. Will be back again for sure.
I wanted to like this place but didn't even have the chance to try the food! My friend chose this restaurant to have his birthday celebration. None of his friends (including myself) had ever been here but the Yelp reviews are high. We made reservations for 8 but 4 members of our party got stuck in traffic. The waiter told us that it's the restaurant's policy not to seat anyone unless the entire party is present. This is counterproductive as this place is very small and one of our friends had a leg brace. We asked the waiter if he could make an exception. The waiter asked the owner and after making us wait for a bit told us that he'd seat us. But not before lecturing us as to why we should arrive on time and how lateness makes them lose business. This turned into a back and forth with the normally laid-back birthday guy who decided that he no longer wanted to celebrate his birthday at this place. To be honest, I really don't care about their policy and I don't see the logic of being lectured by someone that I'm about to give my money to. Who's the customer, I wondered? In a nutshell, the food is probably good but my experience was overshadowed by a staff that doesn't know anything about customer service. According to a study, 59% of restaurants close within the first 3 years of business. I hope that this restaurant realizes that the "dining experience" consists of equal parts good food and good treatment of their customers.
I got a groupon for this place. It was $25 for an app 2 entrees and 2 drinks. Let's start with the positive: The FOOD is AMAZING. I really enjoyed the PR food. Kudos to the chef because the Mofongo was delicious and so were the crispy fried chicken app. the ambiance was nice, and the place was empty for a sunday brunch. Now the could be better: The service for sure. Since the place was empty the entire time we were there, you would think that the waitress would let us sit where ever we wanted. however she condemned us to a small 2 top and then asked us if we made reservations. Because with the groupon, reservations is always required. Even though the place was empty. Then she charged us for the drinks even though drinks were included. Finally she told us that it was her first day or something. You would think that the staff would be a little more properly trained. The waitress was overly attentive because we were the only table it was a bit awkward. I would go back but maybe on a night where it's a little busier.
I came here last night with two very close girlfriends of mine. This is not just a restaurant, it's an experience. Just like other reviewers have mentioned, the chef and owner is very hands on and greets every customer who walks in. Even after working what Id imagine a very long day, he had more enthusiasm and passion than most people you'd meet on a normal basis. He's doing what most people only dream of doing: quitting a job after 15 years to pursue his dream of opening a restaurant. Love it. So after an introduction, he brought out something for us to sample since we were new to the restaurant. YUM. I forgot what it was called but it was like a potato cup with beef inside, and peppers, pork bits, and something else that I can't remember on top.  On the side we asked for more of the MONEY sauce. One was green and one was red and they were both insanely delicious. The 3 of us shared 3 appetizers and one entree and it was more than enough. We had the bacalaoitos, empanada sampler and shrimp ceviche. I think I'm salivating just thinking about the food. All amazing, try them all. For the entree we had the Pernil (pork) and a side of Yuca. HUGE portion. When we first saw the mound of shredded pieces of pork we didn't think we could finish it all. But it was so juicy, well seasoned and addicting that we finished every last piece! I normally don't even eat Yuca but this Yuca was great: drizzled in olive oil and went really well with the salty pork. I cannot wait to go back and have it again. For all this food we spent maybe 14-15 bucks each. Insane. Chef Eddie, keep doing what you're doing and I hope all your employees can convey the enthusiasm and great customer service that you bring to Jersey City. Cant wait to come eat here again.
Loved this place!! It was a real Puerto Rican treat for us after a long last craving I and my wife had since we were back from Puerto Rico. Tried the chicken mofongo or pollo de chicken and was pretty good. The chef adds a nice touch by greeting you in person and taking the order, also customizing to your needs. He also helped our vegetarian friends customize the mofongo to their needs. 1 entree is more for 1 person, so do not over order. Get your own wine and the chef/bartender is gonna turn it into Sangria. This place is a tad expensive, but worth it when you are on a eating spree.
My family and I returned with my dad to ME Casa on another Saturday evening, and had a great time meeting and talking with Chef Cotto. He was extremely warm and engaging, and brought an sample of the shrimp ceviche for my father (which he enjoyed). This time we tried the Alcapurias, which tasted fresh and not greasy. Also loved the Mini-Mofongos, which were perfect for sampling all three varieties. My father had the Chuletas (pork chops) and although they were not "dry" (these were smothered in carmelized onions), like my old-school dad likes them, my husband and I couldn't keep our forks off his plate, plus, they were HUGE. I had the roasted chicken and it was ok, but wished I had gotten another Shrimp Mofongo, like last time. The rice and beans are delicious, and rice with pigeon peas were nice too. Only thing missing was dessert...they really need to get on this since there is nothing better after having a great Puerto Rican meal than a little something sweet to go along with it. Also, it would be awesome to see some homemade beverage like refresco de limon or even an artisanal malta (now there's an idea for Chef Eddie!) offered on the menu. Excellent time. We'll be back again soon.
I honestly do not know what to do, for ratings. The food and service was great. Empanadas for appetizer. Marinated pork w a side of tostones for dinner. Sauces were yummy. I am torn on rating, because "something" scampered across the floor during dinner. The place was intimate and clean, so I suspect it came from outside. Its never happened to me, so perhaps I should have left. Perhaps I should've chased it. Instead, it reduced my 5 stars to 2.
This is my 3rd or 4th visit to ME Casa.  This time went with two friends who had never tried Puerto Rican cuisine. We shared a few appetizers; mini mofongo, alcapuria, ceviche and Chef Eddie brought us a creation on the house the he is experimenting with - it was a modern approach to pastelon. For our entrée we  shared the tilapia w/mango salsa, peril and the pork chop. The food, service, price was right on!
A little hole in the wall, but once you go down the stairs it's gorgeous! Romantic ambiance, brick, candles, white linen and pillows for the booth side. Came here for the first time for a friend's birthday and she loved it! I order the Mofongo and it's AMAZING. Big garlic flavor, the beef stew complimented it really well with the sauce, AND huge portion sizing is an even bigger plus. It also comes with a choice of a side, so I got the arroz con guandules. For dessert, they came out with a tres leches cake for my friend's birthday. Not too sweet like most tres leches cakes which I really like! I definitely have to come by again and try their lunch special. There was a sign outside for a lunch combo for $9.99!
WOW. My first time trying food from Puerto Rico! The presentation of the food was wonderful. Everything looked delicious. The complimentary bread had the perfect texture, crunch, and favor to it. It was oily but not overwhelmingly so. The chef was very friendly, welcoming, and so gracious to give us free shrimp ceviche (sp?) !  The papa rellenas were great! Hot, delicious, had a nice crust on the outside, and nice fluffy mashed potatoes with meat inside and it is served with a green, fresh, slightly spicy sauce to dip it in. Then for my entree I got the mofongo with beef stew poured over it with sides of white rice and bean stew. DELICIOUS! It is slightly expensive ($17) but for the portion and quality of the food, it's worth it! The rice was cooked well and the mofongo had great flavor and texture. The only thing I did not like is that  I didn't have enough beef stew to go along with the plantains, half way through, I had used up my sauce and ate around the outside of the mofongo so what I had left was the inside of the mofongo that needed more sauce...but when I requested more sauce, they gave me more. :) The environment was cozy and romantic. The place is quite small though, but I liked it! If you want to see the environment and food for yourself, feel free to watch my video!
A solid 4.5 stars, but I'll give them 5. First off I have lived in this neighborhood for over a decade and this restaurant never caught my attention.  At some point I became peripherally of its existence but honestly never heard a word about it and assumed it was a hole in the wall.  (Not that there is anything wrong with a hole in the wall - they are often the best - but I would have never assumed that this was a white linen restaurant.) So, along comes a Groupon and I decide to give it a try since the offer has presented itself. Boy am I glad we did.  From the moment we arrived, the host and waiter were extremely friendly.  The menu was extensive - numerous things on there that I would have been happy to eat.  We were never rushed, the food came out looking good, and it was enough to to take home the leftovers for a FULL dinner the next night. We shared the papa rellenos appetizer and then my entree was the beef mofongo.  Fantastic.  While my favorite mofongo is generally with pernil, that wasn't on the menu but this totally hit the spot. Two entrees and one appetizer came to $46 (+ tip).  Can't beat it.  I will be back.
Perfecto ..everything is just perfect..from garlic butter bread for starters,empanadas to drunken chicken.. I love tres leches cake and it was not available ..I grabbed one star for it..!! Also the place is too small but that does not matter me much when it come to eating good stuff or say don't got on its appearance from outside..you have to get in and try it
Awesome food, quick and friendly service. What more can you ask for? I ordered for take out. I got the beef empanadas and pollo burracho with yuca (as a free side from the lunch menu). The empanadas were great! Perfectly made. The pollo burracho was nice and flavorful, and the yuca was tasty. Overall everything was delicious and I was left fulfilled. Portions were good as well, I was filled up, but not left in a food coma. The only reason I did not give a full 5 stars was because it was a bit pricey for a lunch. Worth the money?... Yes, I will be returning.
Having never had Puerto Rican food and being mostly vegetarian, I asked the owner for advice. He was super nice and helpful. Service was great. Setting is cozy and makes you feel at home but still maintains a sense of decor. Food was quick to arrive and everything treated great!
Really really wanted to love them!! Their customer service was great!! They all seem so sweet there. The mofongo appetizers were pretty good. Tostones were tasty. But I wasn't crazy about my chicken entree flavor wise. And the food (and maybe the garlic dipping sauces for the totones) sat super heavy on mine and my husband's stomach. Till the next morning my stomach was insanely bloated and I couldn't get rid of the garlic flavor in my mouth. I might try something different next time, but scared of having a similar reaction.
Love love love. I've been searching for good Puerto Rican food and this is the spot! Chef Eddie very nice! The food was delish the atmosphere was perfect. Clean casual and cozy ! Thank you Eddie we will be back!
This review is specifically for the ME Casa food truck that you'll usually find around Jersey City Harborside during lunch hours and sometimes in the downtown area... As everyone has said, the food is amazing and you really can't go wrong with any choices.  Aside from the empanadas, which need to be fried and take a few minutes, the service is impeccably fast and they'll get you on your way.  The truck staff is awesome as well, always friendly and ready to make a bit of small talk while prepping your order. Definitely order the pulled pork if it is your first time there, it is delicious and the portions are very generous.  The beef stew is great as well.
Came here a few weeks ago with a rez, and although when we got here it wasn't packed, by the time we were eating it was quite busy so a rez is probably recommended on the weekends. So, it's a new restaurant, so keeping all that in mind I write this review as a TBC. It's latin/carribbean/PR cuisine through and through. We got 2 apps: something with mofongo  and ceviche) and 2 entrees: pernil (roasted and shredded pork) and I may be wrong but I think carne guisada (which is beef stew basically) Now, I LOVED the mofongo whatever it was. They came with 3 different toppings and the beef was so juicy and flavorful. We both raved about it. The ceviche was good too, but I felt like it couldn't decide if it wanted to be a finger food or not. The tostone that it came on was HUGE, but you couldn't really cut it so you had to pick the whole huge thing up and eat it which was messy. But it tasted good, not the best ceviche ever, but respectable. The entrees were good too, the pernil was very fatty which kindof turned me off, but the portion was immense! Ate it for 2 days after. The beef was good too. Nothing too memorable. So here's where I have issue: it's a pretty restaurant, and nice for a date for sure. The apps are so big they would make a nice small meal with a BYOB wine or something. But it's pricy for, IMO perfectly normal PR food. You can get the exact same PR food at a divey PR place in N Bergen or Union City for half the price. It's like a PR place that white people feel safe to eat in. So you pay for it. The food wasn't any better, really.  And the service wasn't great. One server from what I could tell with like 10 tables and she was STRESSED! The guy that was kindof her runner was pretty dopey and not much help. I felt bad for her. Hire some more servers for crying out loud!   So with a big-ish price tag for homey PR food that should be cheap-ish, and not great service I say...I'll come back in a month or two and hope they get their act together. I want excellent service for that kind of food and price.
I can't say the place was awesome but I wouldn't deter anyone from trying it out. The empanadas were overall good but I'd say avoid the beef ones. The texture wasn't appealing. The sauces were the best part of the meal. I can't say the food was challenging to my pallet but not a bad place to go to lunch.
Good food! Nice service.  It's BYOB - can't beat that. It's an intimate place.   The free garlic bread was fried... I arrived at 6:15, I mentioned to the waiter that I was going to order a dish to go before leaving.  He came over mid meal to say the kitchen was closing could I place my order so I did, but then 2 more couples came in and had dinner so they stayed open. I was a little confused by that. In all fairness the weather was horrible.
I always tell people that the pollo boracho is one of the best meals I've had in Jersey City. Such good food, I feel like it'd be hard to find something that isn't good on their menu. The ME Casa food truck is a nice added bonus, so I can grab some empanadas and carne guisada without walking to the restaurant. All the staff are very nice as well.
Great food. And the owner/chef walks around making sure people are happy. He even made us a courtesy mini serving of ceviche with several of his special sauces. My fish dish was delicately prepared and the sevings were large. He has a very unique talent for selecting complimentary flavors.
I came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The atmosphere was laid back and quiet as we were the only ones at the restaurant. For the food, I got the Pernil Asado and the hubby ordered a sirloin steak. Both came out quickly, which is great. I thought the dishes were on the saltier side which is why I only rated this 3 stars. Service was good. The owner was very nice and we talked for a bit on how he got started in the business.
Some friends and I went here for dinner last night and it was excellent! The chef (who also happens to be the owner) came out to our table to greet us and share a little about himself and the restaurant. We ordered 3 appetizers which were all incredible and accompanied by fresh sauces to dip in. I had the Pork and Brisket sliders served on plantains and they were wonderful. I will definitely be coming back as the service and food were great. Also BYOB!
Thinking about this place and looking at an old receipt I realize, you really can't find a better value than this spot: 2 people for $60 (with tip) and I left fully satisfied. I first visited @MeCasaJC when it opened and had a great experience, it took me a while to get back, but I did and did I enjoy my meal. Nestled in the basement, space is tight, but you make do. We started off with the shrimp ceviche and the mini mofongo. All absolutely delicious. Seriously, those apps will have me coming back alone. The garlic bread they offer complimentary is also pretty amazing, albeit a bit hard and buttery. I went on to the bistec which was cut up steak with onion and spices. It was solid. The steak was a bit over cooked and I had to order the money sauce (with a $.50 surchage) to add some spice to it. The surcharge is a bit whack if you ask me. It's not about the money, just the premise. You should be showing off those delicious sauces with jars on the table, not charging for them. The side salad that came with my meal was decent, nothing mind blowing. My friends who ordered the lechon (roast pork) and the chicken, the house specialities, were absolutely obsessed. I had those my previous visit and I can attest that they are delicious. The man ordered the drunk chicken and similar to mine, had to order up some additional sauce to add a bit more flavor that seemed to be lacking. Portions are large and very accurate for the price. Service is delightful, very familiar and friendly. BYOB, great prices for a great amount of quality food makes this place a great spot. Not for vegetarians or those looking to maintain the diet, but definitely a great place for Puerto Rican soul food. I recommend going with the house specialities and you'll be golden.
Celebrated my husband's birthday there today with friends. The staff was extremely accommodating and the food was delicious. We ordered all three offerings of mofongo, each one was moist and flavorful. The pollo a la brasa with arroz con gandules was excellent. I highly recommend Me Casa, can't wait to go back!
So, four of us were sitting around Friday night trying to decide where to go... and my guy got the brilliant idea to check out ME Casa, since we've been trying to go for over a year. We knew it was BYOB, so we grabbed a few bottles of wine from our good friends "Jersey Wine and Spirits" and sauntered over to the little restaurant. We were lucky that we were seated immediately - Justin was our server and walked in with a huge grin and immediately we were smiling back. He warned us that it was BYOB and we proudly proved we were one step ahead when we unveiled the bottles to him. He proudly made recommendations for appetizers and entrees while he brought us some waters and opened our wine bottles. We ordered the empanada/appetizer sampler (two kinds of empenadas, sliced in pieces for easy sharing, and a rice cake -ball - thing... we got chicken and beef empenadas and all of them were delicious!). We also ordered calamari, which was probably the more bland (and tough) and forgettable menu item. Justin was kind enough to bring garlic bread - it tasted like no other garlic bread Ive had: if you're with a group, get these! (A lot comes in the basket, so probably for a group of two, it would be a little much). For entrees, all four of us shared two dishes: the chicken mofongo and the special pork. Both were delicious beyond description. The plaintains with the sauce and chicken were full of flavor and not too salty. The pork came mounded on a dish (nothing else!) and we just picked chunks of the pulled meat and threw them into our mouths. Each one comes with a side: we ordered fried yellow plaintains, pigeon peas and yellow rice. NOTE: If you share plates, theres a $6 sharing fee on weekends, which is waived if you get an app and a side: so we picked up a saide salad (which was untouched). When Justin bounded over eager to check on the meal and offer dessert, our eyes were half closed in ecstasy and he just kindly left us the check - he must have experience with gluttons like us. This place was such a treat - and Justin took the definition of service to another level. My guy and I are adding this to our regular rotation of weekend restaurants now! UPDATE: We went back last week with a Groupon deal (8/15) and had Justin again.. he remembered us from last time AND where we were sitting. This guy hands-down rocks at his job. I cant even remember what I ate for breakfast.
I am shocked to see the high ratings for this place.  We ordered the Pollo a la brasa for delivery and it was so bad it was inedible.  We threw the entire chicken away and had to make a lunch of rice and beans.  Even they were nothing to write home about.  It was like minute rice and canned beans.  It was really, really bad.
Came across this place on yelp and decided to give it a try since I live in the area. Very nice and charming atmosphere. Our server was excellent, great personality and very helpful. My boyfriend and I shared the mini monfongo (awesome!!) then I had the pork chops and he had the bistec. Everything was delicious. Coming back very soon
The owner is very nice but the food is average. I really wanted to like this place.
REALLY good food. The restaurant itself is nothing special atmosphere wise, but the wait staff is very nice, the prices are reasonable, and the food is awesome. Worth the walk.
Incredible Puerto Rican flavors! The cuisine is what some may call 'Latin Fusion'. The food is exellent. While it's only been open for 9 days I sense that this place is sure to become a mainstay. The menu is Latin Fusion, with a foundation on authentic Puerto Rican recipes. Yes, there is a difference between the cuisine here and what you'll get at the few dozen Cuban and Mexican spots scattered all over the city. Me Casa has an upscale vibe, with warm, friendly, homestyle service. Eddie, the owner is the spirit of the place and he made sure we had a great time. LucMary, our waitress, was great and so patient- we were out on girls night and it took us a little while to get our order together. Also, it is byob, with a liqour store just across the street. I will definitely be a frequent customer in the future!
Come to try ALL of the amazing food, return because of the great service. The first time we came here with our kids, 2.5 & 6 months, Jay, our waitress was super attentive and friendly with the kids. Granted we were the only ones there, but the hospitality was greatly appreciated.  She explained that the goal of the restaurant owner was not only to bring back traditional, high quality Puerto Rican food to the menu, but also to create a family friendly environment. I am happy to say she wasn't the only waitress with unbelievable hospitality.  Last night we were there for our third time and I didn't get their names but the guys were awesome. Attentive and amicable the entire time. Kudos for making our cranky 7.5 month old smile guys!
Me casa is a great restaurant.  The chef and wait staff were very personable and friendly.  The food was also delicious.  For an appetizer we ordered the empenadas, which were great.  We also ordered a chicken dish and a fish dish, both of which were very good.  Also, the fact that they are BYOB is a huge plus.  I highly recommend the restaurant to anybody and can't wait to go back,
Boy am I happy I stumbled upon the ME Casa TRUCK today. I actually happened to be looking at some pizza place on Google maps when my buddy saw ME Casa and said "Oh man you HAVE to try that place."  I go outside literally the next day to hit up the food trucks by Harborside and there it is... a ME Casa TRUCK!  Very excited to try but not knowing much about Puerto Rican food or what is the best dish to try, owner and chef Eddie hooked it up with a little taster that had me drooling... I told him to just throw a bit of everything onto my plate and it was fantastic.  Roast pork with the money sauce- perfect.  Beef stew and just shoveling my yellow rice into it was soul food at its finest.  The empenada was absurdly delicious.  As you can tell I kinda like this place.  Excited to try the restaurant, keep doing what you're doing Eddie!  Well deserving of 5 stars!
Great food...and good portions ..strongly recommend the pernil especial (roast pork) one of the best I ever had, and tostones (dry  plantains) and Yuca  are great as well. I cant say I have tried all spanish restaurants in jersey city, but from the ones I have, this is the best, the decor still needs a bit of work..
Came here last week with the guys for dinner and brought some vino to accompany.  Had an awesome time with waiters and hostess from start to finish. The staff here was super helpful in directing us over to a local liquore store.  The food was delicious and plentiful for 3 dudes.  We ordered the beef empanadas (with an extra empanada that only our waiter knew about ha), papas rellanas, mini mofongos in chicken and in beef and bistec sliders. All was very delicious and i even ordered beef empanadas to go with the sweet sofrito sauce (the green sauce was a bit spicy so opt'd for the sweet red sauce). For entrees we ordered a few sides of rice with beans, yuca con mojito (its not fried, its baked and sauteed in a garlic sauce), tostone con mojito (YUMMMM). For entrees it was the bistec with onions, chuleta frita and the pollo alla brasa.  Again very flavorful and cooked to perfection.  The chef here is awesome - we never got to meet him but the staff spoke highly of him.   For dessert we all shared a tres leches on our bro date. We washed this all down with two bottles of wine (white and red) and a small bottle of prosecco with the dessert.  The only downfall of this place is that its small so reservations are def needed but the wait is totally worth it. And the fact that they didn't servce coffee the night we were there.  I would have def enjoyed an espresso or a cortadito.
good puerto rican food in simple cozy setting. the owner was lovely and serious about his food. i would give the food around a 3.5 and the service a 4.5 (hence the 4 stars). the pernil was dry but a DELICIOUS free tasting of ceviche that I would go back for in a heartbeat and nice rice and salad. we will be back to try other things, in particular the ceviche.
I had no idea what Puerto Rican food actually was before I went to Me Casa today for a late lunch...  Now I think I have to book a vacation there.  This place was AMAZING.   The food was fresh and well-prepared.  Everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors were really interesting.  You could tell that the chef used fresh spices, high quality meats and fish and paid a lot of attention to detail.   The service was also impeccable.  We told them that this was our first time trying Puerto Rican food and they made a huge effort to help us understand the menu.  Everyone -- including the chef who stopped by our table -- was super-friendly. This was one of the best dining experiences I have had in a very long time.  We will be back and we will bring all our friends.  Thank you to everyone at Me Casa for being so fabulous!
As a Puerto Rican who spent every summer vacation on the island growing up, in NJ its hard to find authentic Puerto Rican food served in a place with nice decor and good service.  This place definately serves this purpose.  The apps were excellent especially the Esliders served on tostones, Alcapurias, and also the Mini Mofongo.  The entrees were also very good but nothing like the apps.(I could have eaten those all night.)  From the outside the place is very modest and easy to miss. (a well lit sign would be helpful)  The place is BYOB, which is great since it usually means that I end up ordering a lot more food. In summary, I recommend giving this place a try but give yourself plenty of time to find parking since, well, there almost isn't any...
Great ambiance, attentive service, and most importantly tasty food. Opted for a pair of sliders, beef on plantain and chicken on garlic bun. Both pressed very thin, Caribbean style. Not too spicy and very filling. Topped off with. Puerto Rican coconut soda.
The service was probably the best I have had in a very long time and the food was outstanding! I wanted a taste of everything! I am pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Thanks for a dinner worth paying for :) oh and don't forget to BYOB!
I love me a good latin restaurant...  I don't think I have done my due diligence on yelp, but I love cuban places, greasy spoons, I was a kid in a rice and beans store when I was in Puerto Rico... I gotta say, this place is better than most of the restaurants I went to in Puerto Rico..  You will pay a little more here, but you will not leave hungry!!! (my favorite attribute to latin cuisine btw). Big reason this place rocks is SERVICE!!  I love a lot of other places in Jersey City, but the service is often spotty...  Here, I have had the pleasure of being served by who I am pretty sure is the owner/chefs son... He really exudes a sense of pride it translates to me when I feel good about eating this food that seems to mean something to someone and that is a big deal... Anyway to save a long message that may be past the average reader's attention span already, The mofongo (beef, shrimp, chicken) all good but beef is where it's at... Rice and beans THE BEST...   Drunken Chicken is not only delicious, but easy to eat (no bones, messy sauces)...  BYOB...
Coming back from Puerto Rico while visiting family I was craving some Puerto Rican cuisine. I tried some other caribbean restaurants and nothing compared. That is until I went to Me Casa. I felt like I was back on the beach in San Juan. The mofongo was outstanding and the chef was a seriously nice dude! Check it out!
Living in Bergen-Lafayette, there aren't many GREAT Puerto Rican restaurants around, so when I ran into Me Casa it was a breath of fresh air! For starters, the staff is EXTREMELY friendly and very accommodating. I ordered take out and they were nothing but courteous. When it comes to the food? It was delicious! You can't go wrong with the pernil and yellow rice. It wasn't dried out like most places in the area, it was seasoned just right, and the rice wasn't under/over cooked. The restaurant itself is quite quaint. With dim lighting, a string of lights here and there, tables and chairs; and a few pillows on the bench I wouldn't mind going here for a date or a dinner with the ladies. I believe it's BYOB - but that's definitely not a problem when you're able to enjoy stellar food within great ambiance.
I decided to try take out from Me Casa over the weekend. We called in the order and it was ready in a very timely manner. The staff was extremely friendly and restaurant seemed to have a good atmosphere for a sit down meal. The smell of the food made us literally tear open the bags to get to it. To my disappointment, the sauce from the mofongo and pollo boracho had leaked all over the inside of the bag. The containers literally fell apart or caved in on themselves. There was still plenty of food left and the flavors were good, just dry due to the lack of sauce. This was my first time trying mofongo and it was enticing enough to go back for a sit down version of it. The pollo boracho was just OK. The smell of the sofrito made this seem like it would be packed with flavor. But when I took my first bite, I was slightly let down. I'm writing this off to the lack of sauce as well. I would definitely like to try these guys again and maybe I'll update my review. But for now, I would not order take out until they upgrade their containers to be able to handle the food they are holding.
BYOB. Takes card. Has delicious food. Intimate and cosy. Staff is friendly and personable. For food, the apps are where it's at: Mini Mofongos,  Sliders, Rellenas (see pic). For the meal, the steak with caramelized onions is good. I had the Pernil Asado,  I was warned by friends it was going to be a dry dish, and it was. If i could order again, I'd go for the Drunken Chicken. The yucca fries weren't like we expected but still good. They were more like a boiled potato than something deep fried but the taste was the same.
Absolutely delicious!! I am a native of Jersey City and can truly say what a transformation!! Highly recommend!
I've never written a review before, but ME Casa was so yummy, with such great service, that I had to. It's completely unassuming from the outside, but once you go in, it's so cute! Great music is playing on the speakers. The service is so friendly and really interested in how we found out about the restaurant. Justin was our server and was super attentive and enthusiastic. I ordered beef mofongo, which was amazing. I've only had it in Puerto Rico, and this lived up to my memories. My boyfriend ordered the drunken chicken, which he really enjoyed as well. We topped it off with the wine we brought and their spicy, delicious money sauce (great name). It was a perfect date night and we can't wait to go back and bring friends!
Was looking for some good ethnic food while at Barcade and yelped this place. So happy we did. The appetizer platter was so amazing, loved all the dipping sauces. Split the drunken chicken and it was perfect also. Everything I would expect from authentic Puerto Rican cuisine. I think the best part though was the service. The owner Eddie was great. Made us feel so welcome and taken care of. Definitely recommend!!!
When I first visited this place me and my significant other were actually looking for another restaurant that used to be there, but instead found that this one had taken its spot. So since we had already parked we figured we might as well check it out! The place had just opened then and the owner/chef gave us some complimentary appetizers being that we told him that we were actually looking for a dif food place. But either way the service was GREAT! The staf was GREAT and even better that the chef/owner comes out and actually interacts with you. I thought that since he just opened that he was just doing it just to welcome everyone, but after reading all the reviews a few years later I see he still does it! which is great. That tells me that he is true and genuine to his craft and for that I have to give him 5 stars. All the food we had was great but my favorite was the alcapurrias! I loved them! Must try. ANd to the CheF/Owner keep doing a good job you have a loyal customer here!
If you are looking for a place to eat exotic food while listening to Latin American music, you came to the right place. I recommend the pulled pork and the braised chicken
I have been here twice and both times I left less than pleased. I got the grilled chicken on my first visit and it was a little dry and unpleasant. My second visit was for lunch a few weeks ago, it was surprisingly busy for lunch time but there was only one server who was very slow. Our orders got mixed up and I did not get the sauces I requested; the server blamed it on the kitchen staff. I read that patrons got complimentary garlic bread but they stopped that a week before my visit... oh well!! I also wasn't very impressed by the food and doubt i'll be returning.
Take it from a Latino, this place is excellent!  Foods we love, but with a touch of high-end cuisine.  The Chef/Owner is such a nice guy, he comes out to meet customers if he has a chance.  Try it, you will not be disappointed.
Since I live close to ME Casa, I was excited to try it. Unfortunately, I made the mistake of buying the $39 groupon. I tried to make a reservation on the night I was available. Despite the restaurant being completely empty, the staff said that they had already met their groupon quota and that they cannot accept it. Based on Eddie's feedback, it seems that ME Casa's decision to work with Groupon turned out unprofitable and to remedy the mistake, they are now implementing an unpublished rule to stop honoring Groupons for a while. As a marketing and business person, I understand that some businesses may lose money when they offer deals through daily deals sites. It might be helpful for ME Casa to renegotiate/end the Groupon deal or teach the wait staff to upsell or suggest other items to Groupon diners. Because instead of attracting new customers, they might get scared off when you turn them away. I heard great things about this restaurant from friends, but the Groupon was what pushed me to try it out. Deals could be useful to some businesses, but it's a marketing tool that needs to be used with thought.  Good luck! UPDATE:  I was able to try ME Casa's food truck and it was tasty - marinated perfectly. The owner, Eddie, was also very nice.
Awesome!
I had the pleasure of experiencing the Me Casa mobile kitchen at a birthday party in Cranford.  Our chef was a dead ringer for Bobby Cannavale's character in the Station Agent, friendly as all get out and a helluva culinary artist. Fresh as fresh can get chicken and beef empanadas, incredibly creative sliders served on fried plantains, and those were just the appetizers. I've never ate so much, so well, and felt so good and not comatose after. Bravo!
I wanted to give this place  5 star sooo bad but I just can't!!! As we were about to be seated, my husband and I decided that he should get wine, the host heard us and told us he can't just seat me, I have to wait for him! Huh??? Like he won't come back for me!!! So anyways, we both decided to go to the liquor store TOGETHEr! No point of me standing by myself!!!! We got our wine and was seated right away..u were wondering why we came back after that weird incident? Reviews were great, had to try it!!! Pros; service was excellent, cerviche was amazing and tres leches cake was to die for ( this is why I wanted to give 5 stars) but here are the CONs: my pernil was super duper salty needed extra sauce which they charge me .50!!!!! My husband ordered the steak, he didn't like it. No flavor just garlic! We will come back and give them the benefit of the doubt that they had a loose hand with salt and garlic that night!!!! We will order and try the mofongo!
This place is amazing! My fiancé and I ordered two appetizers to start off -beef and chicken empanadas and the Acalpurias (best I've ever had). For the main entrees we Ordered the pernil and the bistec both very delicious, flavorful and large portions. The best part of the dining experience was the dessert. The tres leches cake was too die for! Every bite tasted better and better. I was contemplating about getting 2nds :-p  The service is great and super friendly! Will def return soon!
When the music and service are the best things about a place, it's usually not a good sign.  I was really hoping for something I might find in Old San Juan with a daring Puerto Rican chef doing fusion dishes but what we have here is heavy, often too greasy dishes that don't overwhelm you with taste.  I welcome them to the neighborhood because it's better than most around here but what JC needs from the Hispanic community is for someone to really step it up to a much higher level than this.
Very good!
At the recommendation of a friend we decided to order food from this place. Unfortunately, we were highly disappointed. Delivery took 50 minutes. Got to us a bit cold (my steak was a bit hard already). It was too salty and full of grease. To be fair, we will try dining at the place and see how it goes.
I am Puerto Rican, born and raised. I know my food, my people, the energy brought to the table. I was not disappointed! This place is small, but so awesome, you probably would not think if it Fromm the outside, but then again, it's Jersey. Not much of a front entrance but let's be honest, you did not come here because you saw it on HGTV or the food channel. you came her cause you are hungry and you heard abut this big hearted chef that was not afraid to cook with bold flavors. You came here to try something authentic. You came here like me to try the mofongo!! :) And that is what you should get! They mofongo is just absolutely amazing and the mayo-ketchup sauce is the perfect companion to this meal. weather with friend porn of shrimp. There is no way to deny that a will made mofongo is possibly one of the most filling guilty pleasures that you can easily get addicted to. Beware, mofongo is made in many ways and so you might need to specify things you like and don't. Personally, I love it with garlic and butter, soft yet crunchy and MeCasa delivers to the dot! I wish I lived closer and this would the spot for dinners with friends. The food is super affordable and because it's BYOB it's easy to cut on expenses with drinks. I classify this as a first date type place if you are the chilled relaxed type and want to play it cool. Otherwise, maybe a third date... Some people get weird about buying your own booze and bringing to a restaurant on a first date. :)
Truly amazing food.  If you want really delicious, authentic Puerto Rican food this place is a MUST.  The owner Eddie is absolutely amazing, he's unbelievably nice and helpful.  Absolutely amazing!  I'd give 6 stars if I could.
AMAZING food! Great service (Justin!) I've only had mofongo once before but it was wonderful! Yuca, yellow rice, shrimp ceviche, and empanadas were all great as well! A little pricey ($60 for 2 of us w/o tip) but we were full when we left! Will be back here again soon.
Don't let the exterior fool you - inside you'll find a cozy environment, friendly and attentive staff, and fantastic Puerto Rican food. Our table had the roast pork, pork chop, steak, and shrimp mofongo (easily our favorite, though all were great). Highly recommended - just remember its BYOB (no coffee or alcohol just fountain drinks).
Small, very personable with excellent  service & food. Mofongo and shrimp ceviche were amazing. Will come back to try the rest of the menu!
The food was delicious!  The mofongo app gave you 3 different tastes, and the pernil- roast pork was awesome, and enough for at least 2 people.  Everyone there- the chef, the waitstaff were so nice, they make you feel at home.  Definitely returning, and now that I know it's BYOB, will bring some wine too!
Not much that I can say that has not already been said about this little gem in Jersey City.  Everything that Eddie the chef/owner prepares is outstanding.  His passion for his food and business is not to be out down by any other restaurant I've ever eaten in.  You will leave here full and with a smile on your face.  Great family run Puerto Rican restaurant with limited seating so go early and enjoy...
Soooo good. And BYOB, which is great. We went here for the first time tonight based on the Yelp reviews. We ordered empanadas & papas rellena to start.  I ordered the mofongo with shrimp stew, my boyfriend ordered the steak & onion dish, and my friend ordered the sliders and maduros.  Everything was absolutely delicious and the portions are very generous.   The waiter was very attentive and friendly, as was the owner.  When we unexpectedly had another person join us they made efforts to accommodate them, and checked in with us throughout the meal.  I haven't been this excited about a restaurant in Jersey City since my first time at Skinners Loft.  Very happy to have this place in our neighborhood!
If you are looking for Puerto Rican food in the area, this is the spot.  I could have easily order just empanadas and been quite happy.  We got the beef, chicken and shrimp.  I thought the shrimp ones were just awesome, with the beef not far behind. I was with someone from PR and they said the mofongo reminded them of home.  I got the pernil asado and it definitely hit my pork cravings in the right spot. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  The prices are very reasonable and it is a BYOB so keep that in mind.
My husband and I ate here for the first time and it was great. We brought our own bottle of wine (it's byob) and because we were newbies, the chef/owner came out to chat about his place. When I brought up that I was gluten-free, he let me know what I could and couldn't eat, and promised to work on what they offer to make it easier for me and others to order in the future. We really enjoyed the meal, it was delicious and the service was great. You'll want to make a reservation before coming though, the place is small and gets packed.
Not much that I can say that has not already been said about this little gem in Jersey City.  Everything that Eddie the chef/owner prepares is outstanding.  His passion for his food and business is not to be out down by any other restaurant I've ever eaten in.  You will leave here full and with a smile on your face.  Great family run Puerto Rican restaurant with limited seating so go early and enjoy...
AMAZING!!!  After 2 hours of a Friday  happy hour this restaurant popped up on my Yelp  app.  I was surprised  because I didn't know it so me and my partner adventurously decided to walk the 3 blocks from where we were to check it out.  Walking past the out side I was a bit skeptical but after peaking in I was sold.  Off to the liquor  store to get two bottles of white since this is a byob.  While at the liqueur store 2 ladies reinforced that we must try this place,  if I ever run into them I owe them a huge thank you.   The place was packed at 8:30 but the owner was more than accommodating and very friendly while we waited.   After being seated we were presented with complimentary garlic bread which was absolutely amazing!  Off to a good start we proceeded to order the mini mofongo's with beef and the alcuporas.  Both were perfect in every way from seasoning, texture, just the right amount of sauce, and visually above what I expected from this little place!    For our entrees we then proceeded to order the pernil asado, which was seasoned perfectly, had the right amount of crispy, and was succulent at the same time AND the mofongo al pilon (with beef) which was one of the most amazing things I've tasted in Jersey city!  Cooked perfect, seasoned perfect there was not  one thing I would change about this dish!!!   Although there are no deserts the owner did show us a preview of what's to come and it looked delicious.  Overall we were so impressed with this place we ended up coming back 2 days later to have an equally amazing meal confirming that this place is awesome and consistent!
Definitely have to come back here and dine in. Their service is superb ! Justin was the best! My mom and I were planning to dine in but I had to take a bus to orlando. So we packed the entries to go. The appetizers were delicious. Empanadas had so much flavor and the bacalao was very very good esp with the sauce. They have the best ajo bread !!!!! It was addicting !! The chicken guidado was just perfect!!! Oh man just thinking about it I want some. It was so flavorful and the vegetables were delicious. The rice was good Puerto Rican rice yummmmm. Great place for a date. byOb !!
Food was great! We ordered the mini mofongo's and the empanadas. Both were perfect. Some great dipping sauces as well. Had the roast pork house specialty for the entree. Barely made a dent in the huge portion. Probably because we knocked off a bottle of wine while waiting. The chef heard it was our first time there and came out to introduce himself. Loved the welcoming feel and the overall atmosphere. Highly recommend.
So this place kept popping up on my Yelp friend & nearby feed. The name never really sparked an interest, but then I read the magic word in a review...MOFONGO! I love love love Mofongo and ME Casa's Mofongo did not disappoint. We arrived on a Sunday evening to find a cozy underground spot, dimly lit, playing some classic Marc Anthony salsa. I can respect a place with a good musical taste. The place had some all white Christmas type lighting on the walls, but it somehow worked against the brick walls. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and were seated at a table for two by the wall. The heat from the wall heater unit felt great after coming in from the chilly weather outside but then it got really hot to the point that my ankles were screaming for mercy. If my ankles could speak that it is. Our waiter Taylor was quick to advise that he could turn the heat level down a notch or we could sit at another table. We chose the latter. I wish I would've paid more attention to Yelp reviews or tips for this place as I did not know that ME Casa is BYOB. Oh well next time. OK OK let me just get to the point. We ordered the Calamari to start. It was nice and crispy topped with pickled red onions. The Money Sauce and Hulk Sauce were both good. We then had the  Shrimp Mofongo w/ Maduros and the Puerco Asado w/ the Rice & Peas. Everything was so good. The pork portion was huge. They made sure to put a nice crunchy piece of pork skin on top. The Mofongo was pretty awesome it was sitting a top a nice broth with nicely arranged Shrimp on top. The Maduros were nicely caramelized. Service was top notch all around. We wanted to try the Tres Leches for dessert but they unfortunately ran out. Was a little disappointed by that but I guess another reason to return. Some of the other menu items sounded interesting. Looking forward to try the Ceviche, Empanadas & Papa Rellenas.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The food is good and fresh.  The place isn't very big, but it is cozy.
I've been here twice now. Both times I was blown away by the service. They are attentive without being annoying and are genuinely interested in how you are enjoying your meal. As for the food: wow! The first time I had the mofongo with chicken and it was genuinely one of the best meals I've had in a restaurant. The second time I had the Pollo Boracho. Not as good as the mofongo, but still very good. We also had a side of yucca which was incredible. I don't ever remember liking yucca until I had it here. We also had empenadas to start which were great. The sauce they are served with is amazing. Also, it's a BYO! Amazing. Great value. Perfect service.
ME Casa is always delicious and amazing!! You have to try the plantains, always delicious. Also, my husband and I make it a must to order the ceviche!
A group of friends and i came here to fill our bellies before a night out on the town.  The place is hidden within plain sight.  You walk down a few steps and you have entered ME Casa.  A comfortable yet intimate setting.  This place isn't big as all which is a plus.  We were welcomed with open arms since my company frequent this place.  We get seated and are presented with our menus which have more than enough dinner options. Being that it was my first time I felt the need to have a bit if everything that I could sink my teeth into.  We started off with the shrimp, beef and chicken empanada sampler.  These things were to die for.  I have gone on empanada searches and these things were full of flavor and the special dipping sauce was a great compliment.  Next came the shrimp ceviche con tostones.  Now I'm sure I've had ceviche before but these things here left me wanting more.  They nailed this appetizer in the head. I had the pollo boracho since they were out of the house specialty pollo a la brasa.  Sad to report that this dish lacked flavor.  Just to make sure it wasn't me I did allow the other parties to taste the dish and they reported the same.  It's almost as if they forgot to add Adobo, Sazon or some Sofrito which one or all are must haves in Any Latin dish.  The ride and beans were tasty and added in a bit of missing flavor but I was disappointed in this dish.   Oh there is another secret here, the garlic bread.  Be sure to ask for it if they don't bring it out.   I took one star away because of the garlic bread not appearing until we asked for it.  And secondly I had to take another away because of my main entree.  I'm still disappointed at the lack of flavor that existed especially since that's what PR cuisine is known for.  And lastly they didn't have hot sauce that was actually hot.
This place gets 4 stars!!! For the excellent service and their delicious food. The food is great!!! I had the Shrimp Ceviche Tostones & fried calamari as an appetizer which were delicious I had the pernil with arroz con gandules and the Yuca. Superb!! Definitely will be returning very soon.
If you are looking for authentic Puerto Rican good this is definitely the place to go!!! I was introduced to this place by my boyfriend who is familiar with the people that work there, and it was amazing! We have gone for dinner many times and have never been disappointed. The good was amazing and immaculately prepared. But, not only was the food great, so was the ambiance. It's nice, quiet, and cozy... But at the same time you get that "I'm hanging out at home" Feeling and I just love it! And on top of everything else the BYOB is a great idea. You will never have to worry again about the fact that they might not have what you might want to drink... All you do is bring it yourself and your problem is solved. The owner/head chef Eddie is an amazing guy as well. He makes you feel like you are right at home and eating with family. He takes the time to come out of the kitchen and check up to make sure things are good with the customers. He even comes out with a few surprises for people to try. Overall this place is AWESOME! I would recommend this place to anyone. It's really a truly epic experience.
Found this place through Yelp and decided to try it because of the high reviews and we were looking for something new to try. Let me begin by saying that we are not from the area and drove by the place and missed it. Its a small place that from the outside doesn't really look much of a restaurant. Inside the place is small, but cozy. We went on a Friday night and did not call to make reservations as I didn't think we would need them. When we arrived, despite there were several open tables, we were told that we would have to wait about 10-15 minutes because all tables were reserved already. We only waited about ten minutes, so it wasn't a problem. Our waiter immediately greeted us and was very friendly and attentive. He started by bringing t hot garlic bread to our table, It was good but a bit too much butter (or oil) for my taste and lots of garlic. Also if you don't eat it quick it gets very hard. We decided to start with the bacalaitos (cod fritters) , since its something we don't frequently eat...but love. We were so disappointed because they did not come out looking like the traditional bacalaitos we are use to eating. They resembled more of a quesadilla (cut in small triangles) and arranged nicely and served with a great garlic mojito(sauce). They lack the crispy texture and the taste of the cod was very faint. Not our favorite. We did ask the waiter why were they  so thin and soggy and cut n traingles..and he said that they have been a work in progress. They are trying to make them thicker and therefore they are not getting as crispy. Ok...moving on.. For dinner we ordered the Pollo ala Brasa and The Mofongo with beef stew. The Pollo was great and the green sauce was delicious. My only gripe...it was exactly like Peruvian chicken with the green spicy garlicky sauce you get at Peruvian restaurants. But it was very tasty. The Mofongo and beef stew were good...not WOW. For sides we ordered arroz con gandules (not very flavorful). I guess I am use to tasting sofrito and more latin flavors in my arroz con gandules. I am Puerto rican..so I might be a bit more critical then most. We also ordered the yuca with garlic mojito (YES MORE GARLIC...suffered later.haha) and it was very good. Lastly...we wanted dessert (my favorite part of dinner) and a nice cup of espresso or café con leche. But guess what? NO COFFEE...ughhh! I have never been to a restaurant that does not serve coffee....first for me.. sorry. Well...after I had my tantrum...we ordered one of the two desserts they offer..Tres Leche. I saw someone next to us order the other dessert -cheesecake. So if you don't like neither...you are out of luck. I am giving it a three...because service was great and everyone is very friendly and attentive (I like that). As for the food and the no coffee thing...I would have given it a two. We will go back to try it again..but probably no time soon.
I didn't think much of this place when my husband told me that it was below ground lol. I was pleasantly surprised! The pernil (which I am a little scared to admit) rivals my aunt's that I grew up with! The garlic bread was a little too greasy for my taste but it still had a nice crunch and tasted like garlic bread should. I only ate about one piece which is weird because I love bread but anyway, I paired my pernil with arroz con guandules (rice n pigeon peas) and this too rivals the one I grew up with! It def has a home style cooked feel to it. Their mofongo is really good too. The husband had the shrimp one and I can't complain! Oh and they're BYOB! Yay
We ate here with a party of five on Saturday night.  Another person in our party found the restaurant randomly through Urbanspoon, and as we walked up the street, commented that if the food was horrible, we could blame her.  By the end of the meal, we were thanking her instead! The restaurant is BYO and conveniently located across the street from a liquor store.  We brought in a bottle of wine and a six-pack, they provided coolers and bottle openers.  Upon seating us, the chef/owner, Eddie, came out and spoke to us a little about himself and his food.  He brought out a delicious amuse-bouche (something potato-y and delicious) and assured us that if we didn't like anything, it would be on the house. Between the five of us, we had three appetizers - ceviche (I don't eat seafood, but everyone else loved it), empanadas (chicken and beef, delicious), and sliders (chicken with a garlic roll bun, beef with fried plantain "bun").  Eddie also brought out his three sauces - a homemade hot sauce, a green sauce, and a red sauce.  All three were delicious, but I was partial to the green sauce. For dinner, we had all three of the house specials - three orders of pernil asado, which was smoky and delicious.  Some felt it was a little dry, but I loved it.  We also had an order of the pollo a la brasa (huge, crispy skin, moist meat, not greasy or dry at all), and the mofongo al pilon (melt in your mouth tender beef).  We had a mix of rice, beans, and plantains for sides.  Bring your appetite - the portions were enormous.  We took home three doggie bags, and I cannot wait to enjoy the rest of my pork tomorrow for dinner!  Once we lapsed into our food comas, the waitress brought the check and assured us we could stay as long as we wanted.  Eddie then came back out to tell us about the up-and-coming desserts, which I totally could have made room for, had they been there. A couple of criticisms - when we walked into the restaurant, there was a metal chain separating the waiting area from the dining room.  The waitress had to unlock it to let us into the dining room.  It was a little weird.  The music was fairy loud for a tiny restaurant, though we were seated next to a speaker.  Finally, even though there was no dessert, there was no offer of coffee either.  It would have been nice to settle the bill over a cup of coffee.   Overall, the food was delicious, service excellent, and aside from a few minor distractions (loud music, no dessert), we absolutely loved it and we will definitely be back!  Thanks Eddie!
Small and intimate, understated restaurant just off the main road (C. Columbus) serving excellent quality authentic Caribbean food at amazing prices. We came late and were one of two couples dining on a weeknight.  We each ordered one entree, which was a difficult choice because several of them looked good, plus one shared appetizer: - chicken breast, - sirloin steak, - plantains with shrimp. The flavors were amazing.  Service was friendly.  We took about 1/3 of our dishes back home for lunch next day.  Total bill was $55 with tip.  Amazing deal for amazing food.
I loooove this place!!! the restaurant is cozy, elegant and welcoming, i went to eat here with my 2 best friends and the service was amazing, eddie the owner took the time to come to our table to introduce himself and talk a little about the food we had ordered. I was blown away and so were my girlfriends. The yuca was perfect the calamari and tostones rellenos were to die for...i am also glad it is BYOB, super bonus. At the end of our meal Eddie recommended his excellent deserts. We just had to try at least one even tho we were all stuffed, so we ordered the coconut flan with a cheesecake twist. UNBELIEVABLE!! wow is all i could say. Me Casa we will keep coming back for more because we are just addicted to this delicious authentic puerto rican food. you can tell the owner Eddie cares about his food and his customers as he makes you feel like a friend at his restaurant. Jersey City's new hidden little spanish treasure. :-)
I have both eaten in and gotten take out. I've visited 4 or 5 times. The folks that work there are very nice... In fact, too nice as they sometimes try to hard to strike up a conversation to the point it gets a little awkward. I get why they do it, they want positive yelp reviews, but they need to knock it down a notch. The food: a few dishes they make are good (mofongo, beef stew), but if you're Latino and know good Mofongo, you will be far from impressed. Many other foods are not good... Why? Garlic! I've gotten their steak, their baked chicken, and a few others things and they DROWN the food in garlic to the point that you can't taste anything else. Don't get me wrong I love garlic, but this is something else. My last two meals have been so disappointing because of their crazy use of garlic... especially when I remember how much I paid for the food. By the way, my girlfriend's dishes have been the same in terms of garlic-overuse. These guys have a lot of positive reviews, good for them. I know my review isn't going to make a dent on their sales, but it isn't meant to... I'm hoping to simply bring attention to their Chef on Garlic use and to their servers to be aware that they sometimes seem "fake" to their customers, and to be more genuine.
Roasted pork, bacalitos, plantains, mofongo, all really good.  Intensely garlicky, just be warned.  And they are the nicest guys in the restaurant business, total charmers.  We get it as takeout and to eat in.
Looks can be deceiving.  Outside looks like a regular bar/food spot. But as soon as you enter.  Its a different feel,  its very nice. For a tiny spot they look great. Staff is very friendly and the food was amazing.
The place is so clean and the food is amazing! If this place was in manhattan the dishes would be four times the price. Really great experience and staff. It's nice to see more nice restaurants coming to Jersey City.
Although I don't have much Puerto Rican cuisine experience (spring break in PR doesn't count), I really enjoyed my dinner. The restaurant is very small, I'd say about 10 tables, but the seating arrangements doesn't make you feel cramped for space. It has a nice homey feel, like you are eating in your mom's kitchen. The empanada sampler appetizer turned out to be a nice choice with the 3 in-house made sauces. My entree (beef stew house special) had a deep rich flavor (just as I craved on this cold winter night). My only feedback is not all the pieces of beef was as tender as can be. The owner and the waiters were very pleasant, funny and not overwhelming.
I had the pleasure of eating at Me Casa today. First of all this place is not just food, it's an experience!! Chef Eddie has got to be the nicest person ever. The place is clean and adorable. The staff is great and they all look very happy there. The food was amazing. As a Puerto Rican born and raised in Jersey City, I find Me Casa comforting and refreshing. I have not had an authentic meal like that in years. The portions were huge (had the perni w/arroz con gondules) AMAZING!!! Free refills on beverages. Prices were great for the quality of the food and the huge portions. Chef Eddie gave us a few appetizers that were out of this world.I can't wait to go back. Already planning a ladies night there. (it's BYOB)
First time we try Puerto Rican cuisine! Hope I spelled right... Very delicious! Especially at this price! Portion is a little bit big, maybe just right for a male. Waiter is very handsome and nice ; ) Recommending: pork, beef appetizer. Will come back!
So good! I live across the street from this place and was hungry so I decided to check it out with my boyfriend. The place that was there before was not good at all. It is a new restaurant with new owners. Boy was I pleasantly surprised ! The appetizers Empanadas and trio of Monfongos are freaking to die for. I am not of Puerto Rican decent but I have seen the light of what I have been missing. The Entrees were equally as tasty, my boyfriend had the pork and I had the chicken with Aji Verde sauce. So yummy , the owner calls this his money sauce, which could not be any further from the truth. I know on line there menu was like family style but that is a typo they serve single entrees. I was a chef for over ten years before I got into food sales. I know my food! This place is a diamond in the rough.....excellent food.
Just great food nothing more to say. They also have a groupon. The only "bad" experience i had was not bringing my own wine lol so remember it is byob. Ohhhhhhhh make sure u get the hulk sauce too !!!!
I'm so glad I found this place. It is a small, cozy Puerto Rican restaurant with very friendly service. Eddie comes out to greet everyone which adds a nice touch. It is conveniently located about 5 blocks from the Grove Street PATH station. The food was very tasty, old recipes with new flavors. You can tell Eddie takes his cooking seriously. I've been to Puerto Rico with my wife and the food here has the feel and ambiance of the new trendy fusion restaurants that are popping up all over the island, even Eddie has that island charm...you should take a trip to PR to know what I mean. As they say in the island, bueno, bonito y barato (good, pretty and cheap) which is a great way to describe the place, good food, good portions, nice presentation and all at an affordable price (and being BYOB you can save even more). This has now become my top PR restaurant in the area (which includes NYC).
The empanadas and mofongo are serious. I ordered take out a couple times and I couldn't help myself from getting a couple bites on the way home.
Went here last night, and had a great dinner. Very generous portions, you get your choice of side dish, and very friendly service. Prices are slightly high, but you get your money's worth.
Sorry to say, I am not impressed :-/ and I had high hopes being that they have 4.5 stars. Too expensive for the quality of food. Mini mofongos - the stews weren't that flavorful and the meat wasn't that tender. I'm not normally a plantains fan, so I won't judge that part of the dish. Empanada sampler - these were not good at all. Tasted as if they were sitting there for a really long time. The cilantro sauce was good though. Pernil - too salty and I needed a lot more than a tiny cup of au jus to moisten it. Arroz con gandules - too dry. Again, tasted like it was sitting there for a long time. The service was very attentive, but most likely will not return.
The food was fantastic and the staff was very friendly. Portions were a good size and flavorful... a great neighborhood gem. This was our first official dinner out in JC after our move and we'll definitely be back.
A few months ago, I finally managed to convince a friend of mine to come visit me in Jersey City.  Yes, that is an achievement.  An admirable one thank you very much.  He's a big food guy like me, so I want to find somewhere that was unique that we'd both enjoy.  Enter ME Casa.  I had it on my list for a long time but never got a chance to go.  This was my chance, so we grabbed a good bottle of beer at the store around the corner for some BYOB enjoyment.  This place is the definition of family run, with the father/owner running the kitchen and the son running the front of the house.  Apparently the owner left Citi, where my friend worked, to open this restaurant.  I'm glad he did, as the food here is pretty special. For my appetizer I selected the empanada sampler which includes chicken, beef and shrimp empanadas.  I'm a pretty big fan of empanadas and am very critical in judging them.  These were very crisp and a little salty.  My favorite was the chicken followed by the beef.  They were good just not amazing, mostly due to the lighter seasonings used on the fillings.  Every Latin American country has their own slight different take on empanadas so this might just be the Puerto Rican spin on things.  On the other hand the shrimp ceviche was the right move for an appetizer.  It was light, citrusy and packed with flavor.  And the ceviche came on top of fried plantains; boom.  For my main I got the mofongo with shrimp stew, yellow rice and pigeon peas.  The mofongo was as dense as I was warned about, but it was also addicting.  Soaking up a light, fresh shrimp stew made it even better. The shrimp themselves were great quality, and overall this was hearty soul food at its finest.  I only managed 2 bites of the pernil, but it was great stuff.  This is the kind of pork dish that prevents me from going kosher.   There's a reason why this is the top rated restaurant in Jersey City.  This small place might even be worth braving the Path train to visit from Manhattan (I know, big statement).  After all, where in Midtown, Chelsea or the Village can you get great Puerto Rican food?  Nowhere, that's where.  Eddie and Justin (yes, he named his son after me) are great people and with what comes out of that kitchen, it's no wonder they're doing so well.   I suggest you don't wait as long as I did to check this place out.  You won't regret it!
Went there the other day. The service is great, the owner is engaging and seems really passionate about his food and restaurant. However, the food is just ok. The food lacks seasoning and too greasy.
Excellent Puerto Rican food in NJ - thanks Yelp! The service was a little slow but the waiters were excellent and the food was all pretty spot on. Tried the peril and it was tender, but the empanada sampler was probably my least favorite dish. The mini mofongos were great (and you get 3 kinds of meat versus only 1 choice with the main) as was the chicharron de pollo. There isn't much space so make a reservation if you can and enjoy yourself. It's worth the wait!
I usually don't write reviews, but I have to go ahead and take the time to write my 1st review on Yelp! because Me Casa was really that GOOD!  It wasn't just the food, but the service as well.  My wife and I reserved the restaurant for a few hours for a surprise wedding shower and Eddie (owner) really exceeded our expectations to make sure everything went smoothly.  The food was excellent and all of our guests, who don't hold back their opinions, agreed.  My personal favorites: the chicken empanadas, the alcapurrias (first time ever eating one) and The Hulk sauce. I can eat anything with this sauce.
A delicious home cooked meal. My boyfriend and I had bacalaitos, empenadas, and pernil asado with maduros. Bacalaitos were great with nice and salty chunks of cod. The pernil asado was such a large serving and so juicy and delicious. The plantains were so tender and sweet unlike any I have had in years. To finish we had the tres leches cake which to me was the highlight of the meal along with the plantains. The cake was moist, sweet, and topped with fresh coconut strips. The staff are very friendly and attentive throughout the experience. I will definitely be going back again!
food was good but!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they stole my credit card number and used it somewhere else in jc!!! do not lose site of your credit card. the server was sketchy!!!
ME Casa is good. I can't say astounding but  it's good. We were served by the chef's son and he was extremely attentive and amiable. The place itself is quaint and cozy. The bread they serve you is fried so on the oily side. For appetizers, the empanadas are good. The shrimp ceviche was flavorful although the tostones weren't as crisp as I would like. Calamari was great. The mofongo is huge. But delicious.
ME Casa is right, the second you walk into this place, you feel like you've been welcomed into the home of Chef Eddie. The ambiance is warm and the food, prices and portions are stellar. The only thing I regret was not making a reservation, we almost weren't able to be seated, but thankfully, Eddie was more than accommodating.
What a little gem hidden away in the corners around Chris Columbus in Jersey city. Cozy little puerto rican restaurant with a very homely feel for you to feel comfortable in. Amazing food, BYOB, Amazing service - this place will make you come back! We left the restaurant extremely satisfied in terms of food, time and money spent. This place is a must checkout! Some menu items that are a must try - Empanadas, Mofongo, Pernil (Pork), Shrimp Ceviche, Portuguese toasted sandwiches.
food is good, also at decent price, hosts are extremely friendly.
I do not know if this is authentic Puerto Rican bill of fair. Check with the governor of Puerto Rico on that. I know I like the food I have been served. I like the staff and I like the portions. Friendly casual atmosphere, just how I like it. Check out the menu. If you like what you see, give ME Casa a chance.
Pernil was slammin! Rare to find a good restaurant that serves authentic food. Would like to see flan on the desert menu.
We stepped in this restaurant very late, however waiters and waitress were still friendly. Then, when we got our food, we all agreed it was the best Puerto Rican food we've ever had! Our food tasted so delicious!!!! I'll Definitely highly recommend my friends try this restaurant. Both food and service are extremely outstanding!!
A gem in Jersey City. Aside from the food - spot on, BYO and Chef Eddie really make this place a must in JC.
I absolutely love ME Casa!  My boyfriend and I decided to finally check it out one Friday night.  The amazing food brought us back to our trip to Puerto Rico! As other reviewers have noted, it is very unassuming from the front.  But one you go inside it is a very intimate atmosphere.  Seems to be a popular spot, but if you go early it doesn't seem to be hard to get a table.  It's BYOB and there is a liquor store just a block away. Our waiter, Justin, was extremely friendly and made us feel very comfortable there.  I ordered the chicken mofungo and my boyfriend ordered the drunk chicken.  As other reviewers have noted the food does take a while to come out, but it's totally worth it!  Both dishes we got were incredible.  The mofungo comes in this delicious red sauce (can't remember the name of it anymore) which makes it moist and tasty.  The chicken on it was phenomenal as well.  Honestly some of the best mofungo I've ever had.  The entrees also come with a side, so it was a lot of food!  We took home our leftovers, though unfortunately they didn't taste as good the next day. Chef Eddie came out at the end of our meal as well, you can tell he is really passionate about the food! I would definitely recommend this place!  We are planning to go back to check out their lunch soon, too.
I had been wanting to try this place for awhile after seeing all the great reviews, and finally got to last night.  Unfortunately it didn't live up to all the hype for me.  The food was pretty good, but the bad part was how way OVERPRICED they are! I got the mofongo sampler as an appetizer.  It was pretty good, but was not worth $12 for the three baby pieces of mofongo I got lol....Those little things were $4 each.....Seriously??? My friend got the empanada sampler.  Empanadas were very good but again the price was ridiculous....$8 for three small empanadas?? I guess this place gets away with charging what they do because of location and yuppies don't mind paying that much.  I got the shrimp gumbo and my friend got the steak and onions.  $17 and $18 for two mediocre size plates??? I would rather go to El Sabroso in the heights and spend almost half of what I spent here for food that is just about the same quality.  I would come here quite often if the prices weren't so high, because the food is pretty good, but I won't pay so much for something that isn't worth it. Waiters were very nice but a bit slow at times.  Cute little place but hopefully they will expand eventually because you can barely breath in there. I hope with the high prices they are charging for food, they use it to upgrade to a larger place!
ME Casa just might be the best restaurant in Jersey City. I like this place for three main reasons: 1) Great ambience. It's cozy and intimate. Great for a date night or a tasteful night out with a good friend. 2) Delicious food and BYOB. Me Casa's menu is simple but carefully chosen-- this means every item is a house specialty. If you ask me, I think the carne guisada is definitely a must try. This traditional Latino beef stew will have you licking the plates clean and wanting more. 3) Personable staff and professional service. The chef came out and introduced himself to us. I really liked this "family" touch. I would definitely recommend this sweet little spot to all who venture out to Jersey City!
This place is GREAT! I recently had a vacation to Puerto Rico but ME Casa blows away anything I had to eat in Puerto Rico. The food is very authentic, I saw dished on the menu that I haven't seen at any other Puerto Rican restaurant. The staff is just as great as the food, Justin was very friendly, always checked up on the table and made sure everything went smooth. I cannot say enough about this restaurant. Definitely a new favorite place to go! I just want food that makes me say Weepa! All the time! Trust me this place will make you say WEEEEEEEPA!
Amazing atmosphere, and wonderful service. The food was absolutely delicious. I had the empanadas, and roasted pork. The yellow rice with peas was great, and I usually don't enjoy Spanish rice dishes. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good Spanish (Puerto Rican) cuisine!
Great place ... great people, great food, great fun ...
My favorite restaurant in Jersey City by far. First of all, the staff is always amazing - so friendly and charismatic, no matter who ends up waiting on us. The place is small, so we always make sure to make a reservation, but we've never had to wait to sit. Don't let the store front type facade fool you - it's an adorable little space with exposed brick, white table cloth and lots of romantic lighting and candles. Their empanada sampler is our favorite thing - so many good sauces, etc. The  portions are HUGE. Every meal comes with a side, which is an amazing size - usually a side indicates 5 pieces of broccoli. But I never finish my dinner at Me Casa because the portions are so generous. And not to mention, this place is incredibly affordable.I can't remember the last time my boyfriend and I spent more than $60 on a huge dinner, and that includes tipping generously. BYOB definitely helps, but the restaurant is just smart about the way they price things, and they keep us coming back over and over again. Definitely check Me Casa out.
We had totally forgot that this place is BYOB so we were not prepare and didn't come with any wine to pair with our meal :(  But hands down, prob one of the best Puerto Rican food I've had.  The Shrimp mofongo was simply delicious!!! They also served you garlic bread, super greasy but super good. Overall, one of the best meal you can get in Jersey City. The place is small and somewhat underground, but very charming and cozy.
3.5-4 stars for the food, 1 star for service I received just now. I ordered two takeout orders and didn't realize until I had walked to the park to eat that they gave the wrong order (and no plasticware or napkins, though that's minor) I called and they asked me to bring back the wrong order - they apologized, but I was surprised that they didn't at the very least offer to let me keep the wrong order to compensate for my inconvenience. Instead, they asked me twice to make sure I brought back the wrong order. What are they going to do, serve that to someone else? Eww, talk about unsanitary. That has to be a health code violation. How do they know I didn't spit in it or start eating it? The guy promised my order would be ready when I arrived, but instead here I am waiting several min to pick it up because it wasn't ready - he didn't even tell the kitchen about the mistake until I arrived the second time. He also asked why I hasn't brought back the second dish. Ummm Why should I have go bring back the order they actually got correct? Makes no sense. I doubt I will be back again just b/c of the service.
The restaurant has a great setting and the service was great! But honestly the food was alright and my husband who is never picky when it comes to food wasn't crazy about the food either. Plus the price for the food shouldn't be for what they charge, just because they are located in the higher class of jersey city. Is it because they are one of the only so called Puerto Rican restiarants in the area. I won't be going back there anyways.
BYOB! Found this place on yelp.  You almost drive right by it since it seems so unassuming from the outside.  If you drive by it I want you to hit reverse and go right back!   Came here on a Monday night with my boyfriend.  When we arrived around 6pm, we were the only ones there, which was to be expected since it was a weeknight.  Immediately we were drawn by the amazing service given by our waiter, Justin.  And yes, Justin is the son of the Chef, Eddie, so he knew the menu inside and out!   For starters we had the chicharron de pollo and bacalaoitos.  Both were great options.  They even provided us with a sampling of sauces to dip in, which were to die for.   As an entree I had the tilapia with a tomato and mango salsa, with a side of yuca.  My boyfriend had the pernil with rice and beans.  Meals were generous, delicious and filling! Chef Eddie came out multiple times to check in on us and even gave us some alcapurrias to try.  And yes, they were awesome.  We were so stuffed by the end of our meal that we had no room for dessert and had to ask for doggy bags. All in all, this was a wonderful family owned and operated restaurant that serves quality food in a nice and romantic setting.  By the time we left, the restaurant was starting to fill up with other customers.  We will definitely be back and will refer all our friends to this place. Come here and you will not be disappointed!
This is authentic Puerto Rican food - I swear my grandmother was in the back whipping up these delicious dishes.  That being said, I am Puerto Rican and the mofongo was on target.  It's a small place with a nice homey feel and Latin music in the background.  The Executive Chef, Eddie, came over to our table several times to ask our opinion on the food - after all, my 81 year old mom was critiquing.  The waiter was very helpful in explaining some of the items on the menu to our non-Hispanic friends.  I will definitely be returning to this spot.  Parking is a challenge but one well worth taking for this wonderfully delicious dining experience.
Amazing food! I've eaten at a number of Puerto Rican restaurants in PR and this even beats them all. The tostones and mofongo were perfectly made. The plantains were not too fried, too dry, or too garlicy. That is a serious accomplishment in my eyes. My husband's Asopao de Camarones was also quite tasty. He only let me have a few scoops though. Eddie (the owner) and the staff are welcoming. The atmosphere is laid back. The only problem is the space. Hopefully, the restaurant can expand later. =)
This small unassuming neighborhood place is big on flavors. Excellent Latin food. Huge portions. Delicious flavors. Friendly service. The byo options makes for a great reasonably priced dinner. Get the pernil. You will not regret it. Awesome for catering too. Will definitely be the hit of the party and your guests will all want to leave with a doggy bag.
This place is awesome. Cute little spot to satisfy your hunger. Been several times and haven't had one bad meal.  Portions are generous.  That fried bread they start you off with while you wait.... ohhhh - you scarf it down its so good and its just a tease for whats to come. The food is just like eating at your Puerto Rican abeula's house.  Their mofongo is one of the best ive had and love their pork chops.  Ambience is cozy and staff is very friendly and attentive.  Another reason to love this place is its BYOB. Make reservations as this gets packed quickly.
Excellent experience. The chef was accomodating and the waitress was great. Please go.
I've been here three times over the last year or so, and I love it. I'm a big fan of the seafood gumbo, but I've tasted bits of everything. It's always good, fresh, and has great flavor. Also, there are ALWAYS leftovers, which is a great reason for me to go someplace for dinner. Ambiance is quiet; it's good for dates and groups. Service is always friendly and super attentive; and the little samples of whatever they surprise you with (appetizers, desserts, etc) are consistently delicious. BYOB.
My brother and me felt welcome and at home.  Chef/owner Eddie welcomed  us and when heard we had no wine (it's BYOB) he offered to go out and buy us one since he was on his way to buy beer for the kitchen!  The food was like my mom's, yet better (sorry mom!). The empanadas were outstanding.  My brother had the drunken chicken and it was great.  I had the mofongo with shrimp.  If you close your eyes you could be at the beach in Puerto Rico...  A bit out of the way in jersey City but definitely worth it.  Too ad we were to stuffed to even ask about dessert!  Oh,  and the bread...
We ran into ME casa on yelp while randomly trying to find a dinner place on Sat night. In an unassuming neighborhood, with a very quiet exterior, this place is quite the hidden gem. Delicious Puerto Rican food with perfect gentlemen to host! Tried the Veggie Empanadas, Fried plantain with Veggie stew, and a side of Yellow Rice with peas. All very flavorful and filling. Had to wrap up most food to make room for the delicious Tres Leche!! A must have!
Previous good reviews are spot on.  Chef/owner is very serious about providing a personal touch and making his customers happy.  But ultimately, food is everything, and this ME Casa does not disappoint.  Awesome, all the way around.
Excellent place to eat out. I enjoyed the food a lot and am in love with their garlic bread! The empanadas were awesome too!  The shredded pork wasn't as impressive but still very tasty. The two servers there were extremely friendly and nice. They definitely improved our experience.
All I can say about Me Casa is: WOW! I ate here last night and it was my first time having authentic Puerto Rican food.  The food literally blew me away it was so good (and i am hard to please)!  They give you complimentary garlic bread which is the best bread I have ever tasted' its flash fried and tastes like zeppole- incredible.  To start I had the Bacailitos (fish fritters).  They were paper thin, had a nice flavor of the fish without being too strong, and amazing.  For dinner I had the Shrimp Mofongo and it was one of the best dishes I have ever had in my life.  The red sauce was incredibly flavorful and complex, the plantain cake under it was delicious and hearty, and the shrimp were fresh and delicious.  The portion was HUGE- I could only eat half.  My boyfriend got the Pernil Asada (roast pork) and the flavorful was amazing and the portion was huge also.  Each entree comes with free sides- I got the white rice and beans which was amazing, the beans had chunks of pork in them.  My boyfriend got the pigeon peas and rice side which also had great flavor.  I will literally be dreaming about the Mofongo and can't wait to go back!
This is my second time for dinner delivery.  AMAZING! !!!!! Had bistec and mofongo dinners. Well be back again. So yummy.
i don't usually review but this place is worth it. the food is delicious, the atmosphere is perfect and the owner well he's simply amazing. this is exactly how a place should be, he meets and greets all his customers, making sure they are happy and comfortable. the servers are also great and very helpful. i will be returning no doubt about that.
My fiancé and I stumbled on this place while shopping in Jersey (we live in NYC) and weren't sure what to expect. The outside of the restaurant is unassuming but don't let it's humble exterior sway you. The food was excellent and the staff treated us like old friends. Being Puerto Rican myself, I am typically difficult to please when it comes to Latin American cuisine, but our food tasted like home cooked food. Great little place.
A great dining experience.  Visited the restaurant on Saturday night - it was certainly worth the frigid walk to 356 Varick Street.  The food was beyond expectations.  A diversified menu covering all of the bases.  Let's start with the Garlic Bread served before the meal - the best I have ever had.  Period.  The appetizer and entree followed the same excellent start.  We were welcomed and were well taken care of during our meal - Thank you Stephanie!   The best Puerto Rican restaurant we have ever been to - including NYC, Hoboken.  Make the trip or if you are lucky enough to live in Downtown Jersey City - just take a quick walk over - you won't be sorry you did.
Food was great the servings were huge.  You get your money's worth in both quantity and flavor.  Good place for a casual diner with family or friends. I will come back again and I recommend it.
A must eat in jersey city - had almost all of the appetizers and loved them all. Eddie is very hospitable and a gracious host - not to mention a solid chef. Great flavors and textures as well as fair pricing - will definitely be back soon.
So I finally came here with the woman to have a meal. I know shame shame....what took so long? Just lazy I guess. Anywho.... We went for an early meal cause we've heard they get busy quick. So we sit down at about 630-645. Service was great. Our guy was on point with what the specials were and if we needed anything. My big issue was we received out apps at a good pace but then waited.....and waited......AND waited for entrees. Look, our waiter came out and made sure we were ok but after a good 30-40 mins between courses, and others were who came in after we're getting served before us, I gotta say something. Food was good and service was great but the execution could use a little work. Gonna hit it up again to see if it's a trend but right now I'm a little let down.
Paid our first visit to ME Casa last night - believe the reviews! It didn't take more than 5 minutes before we met Eddie.  He's a gracious host who makes you feel welcome and appreciated.  No one has mentioned the decadent hot & toasty garlic bread that starts the dining experience-took some willpower to not eat all of it.  Besides Eddie's "welcome" app. (Delish), we sampled empanadas, ceviche, mini mofongo and the pernil. The ceviche and pernil were our faves; the pork was so flavorful and tender.  We will be having it again, as the portions are huge, giving you the opportunity to take some home & enjoy it at least twice!  Loved the money sauce and bought a bottle to take home, will be fun to see what we can concoct with it.  VERY welcome addition to the growing JC food scene!
Welcomed with a warm greeting. Attentive, friendly service. But above all, amazing, authentic food! My Puerto Rican fiancé was impressed. Plus a BYOB. This is a hidden gem that hopefully stats hidden.
Everything is good at this place... prices, food and hospitality.
I don't normally write reviews but this is a well deserved exception!  ME Casa was something I stumbled upon on a commute home and I will definitely be going back to try more items on the menu.  After a long day at work the small intimate vibe was a perfect way to relax and enjoy an AMAZING dinner. We ordered the App Sampler- a must for first timers so you can sample the empanadas, rice balls and all three sauces.   Some one at your table needs to order the beef Mofongo. Actually any of them will be amazing chicken shrimp vegetarian! My husband ordered the Pernil Asado. Also to die for! The entree portions are huge but don't over look the appetizers or sides! The yuca  was incredible!  If our dinner and service was not already stellar... The amazingly gracious host, owner and chef Eddie came over to the table and told us more about the food and how he started his business. We ended the night with an incredible tres leche dessert topped with strawberry and mango!  We will be back for sure!
The food at Me Casa is simply amazing.  The chef Eddie greeted each table with enthusiasm and energy.  It was great to see someone so passionate and excited about what they do, and I couldn't wait to try the food.  My husband and I decided to order several apps, but had trouble choosing dishes - there were too many that sounded delicious.  So the Chef created a sampler for us.  Each dish he brought out was better than the next.  I cannot wait to come back here.  Especially when they start their dessert menu next month!  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
The food is well presented and tasty.  My only reason for not giving five stars is because the amount of garlic used is excessive.
I went here with about 10 of my colleagues and it was wonderful! The food was great and the service was wonderful. The owner, Eddie, was very accommodating. When he found out I was a vegetarian he put together an amazing dish for me! I cannot wait to visit Me Casa again. Thank you Eddie!!!!
First time to Me Casa...definitely not the last.  Service was exceptional and extremely polite.  Casual spot, not presumptuous, not a dive either.  Tried five different appetizers for a tapas style dinner for the evening.  Mofongo is the way to go, although next time I would go with the larger, entree portion for more meat.   Shrimp ceviche seamed to be the hit for most reviewers, but that turned out be just average in my opinion.  Average meaning it tasted good, but not memorable.  Overall, a great experience and well worth coming back for.  Oh, and be careful with the garlic bread they first give you at the table...it's addictive!!
What can I say about this place other then, when are you guys expanding? I attempted to come here twice (both without reservations) unfortunately I was unsuccessful ultimately because it's a tight space and very popular. Finally the third try was the charm. Let me just say that the last time the owner "Eddie" took my number down and was very honest in that it'd be difficult to get a table that night. He never called me that night. To my total surprise I walked in tonight and the guy remembered my name?! Now I admit my name is one you tend to remember since you don't come across it very often. Regardless, I give him props for remembering it on cue as I walk in this time (with reservations) The food was great. I heard it was good but it definitely exceeded my expectations. Eddie even threw me a free app for my troubles from the previous visit. He's obviously a "real cool genuine dude" that will ultimately be very successful with Me Casa and do very well. He takes the time to do the little things, that how you can tell. I'll surely tell all my friends about the food/service and be a continuing patron of the restaurant.
We ordered mofongo with stew meat And rice with pigeons peas. The meat was great but the sauce was too salty. We also ordered pernil , that was also a great - along with the tostones. It's BYOB. They play Spanish music in the background. They have no dessert menu though.
This place is amazing! We had the sliders as appetizers, which were just okay. But the main dishes were money. I had the shrimp mofongo with yuca as a side; bf had pernil with pidgeon peas as his side. Both dishes were fantastic--and I've since dreamed about yuca ever since eating them. They taste like mashed potatoes, except a thousand notches tastier--and I dont even like mashed potatoes. Portions are generous, and neither one of us could finish our dishes. But reheated the next day, both dishes were fantastic lunches. Servers are friendly and attentive and always ready to answer your questions. This is BYOB, which keeps costs down. Literal hole in the wall--dont let the outside fool you. Once you're inside, the decor is clean and simple and easily a nice place to bring your date or friends. My bf wanted to come here again the next day for dinner--he's a Cali born and bred person who knows his puerto rican food and he said this place was just as legit and authentic as some of his fave places in the west coast, so that's a huge compliment coming from him. We will be back for sure!
This is the type of place you need to go back to and try everything else on the menu because your first time there will not be enough. The place is small but its lightly lit and the ambiance is relaxed. Bring a bottle of wine and someone who loves trying new food. The empanadas to begin with will make you realize this is top notch. I had one of each (beef, chicken, and shrimp). My entree was the pernil asado with rice. The entree was huge and I could not finish the whole thing. It was great. I'm happy for the success of ME CASA. Places like this deserve to be recognized for the great service and quality of food.
9/22/12 My boyfriend and I went to this place on a  Saturday around 5pm, there was no one there but we decided to stay based on reviews. The waitress was really nice and attentive. I ordered the alcapurrias and my boyfriend ordered the empanadas. The empanadas were good but the alcapurrias thats another story. They were so  greasy they were not edible. I called the  waitress to let her know they were too greasy and her answer was oh thats because they are made to order. That is fine but because they are made to order I have to eat greasy alcapurrias. When she came to pick up our plates she was going to leave them there and I told her  to  take them, she just took them  back with no I am sorry the alcapurrias were not to your liking can I get you something else instead. That was what turned me off. It was funny but she was training someone in waitressing and I think she needed some more training herself in customer service. If a customer is not satisfied with something they ordered  it should be rectified. For entrees we both had the mofongo I had chicken and my boyfriend had the shrimp that was very tasty and good. So overall I give it a 3 star because of the service.
Food is pretty good here but just a little pricey for the food. Pros: Very friendly staff, food comes out quick, and the mofongo is pretty good. I only had the chicken mofongo but will be going back for the beef one that everyone raves about. I even tried the tres leches cake and it was really good (a little too sweet but I like that). Con: Pricey for the food. But I'd definitely go here again.
I had the pernil asado, which was really good. My friends got the Mofongo Al Pilon, which I tried and liked more than what I ordered. This is a very laid back and friendly place. The chef used to be a finance guy who decided he was more passionate about the culinary arts. He actually came over to our table and had a drink with us. It was a really cool experience in general, and I would highly recommend going there. Although I went with a group of friends, this place does provide the sort of intimate setting that would be good to take a date to.
Awesome service, chief came out and spoke to us. Our server was very well spoken and had fantastic recommendations.  Some great vegetarian and gluten free options. Plantains were fantastic. Shrimp gumbo had great flavor and was not too heavy. Great portion sizes. BYOB. Had a beautiful ambiance and music selections. Great for groups. Brought out complementary desserts for my boyfriends birthday.  Flan was exceptional!! Amazing place to bring friends! Hidden gem!!
Me casa is a great spot in jersey city. BYOB. The waiters are very friendly and the whole place has a home cooked type of feel. They take care of you real well, the food is amazing. You gotta be hungry for me casa, big entrees and appetizers are delicious, lots of great meat dishes and empanadas. Byob!
You have to give respect where it is due and deserved. Representing super simple cuisine in an upscale, fresh and neveau way and presentation... along with having the setting in a super urban cool and fresh culture like JC... I respect what Chef Eddie has done here and continues to do on a daily basis. Puerto Rican cuisine along with many other South American cuisines are very underrated and under represented besides the few America glorifies...like Mexican. To throw it down In all ways for your country's under represented cuisine in the restaurant world ... Is what Chef Eddie has done here at ME CASA. Everything here is good and plentiful. The famous money sauce is so money.The platanos are the best I've had in this country. The service is perfect. Ambiance, is, sexy and cool and the place is intimately small, in a good way. I give props and respect to the way its pulled off here. You'll feel at home and truly enjoy eating the food as they enjoy even more to serve you the taste and flavor of  Puerto Rico. I mean.. Where else can u get better Puerto Rican food outside of PR than these parts? I grew up with a lot of Puerto Rican friends and never knew of or heard much of the cuisine besides always wanting their moms beans and rice. So to see Puerto Rican food in a fine way.. In a real nice restaurant... I really appreciate that. Thank you Me Casa for keeping it real.
Perfect for romantic date nights...the food is not expensive and it is the best Puerto Rican food I've had in NY/NJ.  The chef himself came out and spoke to us about the food, and he gave us a free empanada (a new combination he was trying). If you love Mufongo, it's amazing here! BYOB with great food and friendly service...what more can you ask for!!! we will def be back
I think I just found my new favorite Jersey City restaurant. I didn't think there was much I could be surprised by when it comes to Puerto Rican food, but Me Casa managed to do just that. The complimentary bread was so good, I almost asked for the recipe. The Shrimp Ceviche Con Tostones and Calamari Frito appetizers came in larger portion sizes than I was expecting and were my favorite dishes of the night. For the main course, I decided to have the Pernil Asado. Unfortunately, I was already so full, I barely ate any before having to get it boxed to go. However, I did have it for lunch the next day and loved it. This place defines 6 Star Service! I know what you're thinking. How can service be 6 out of 5 stars? It can when a restaurant goes out of their way to cater to their patrons. The staff are incredibly friendly and funny. The owner interacted with us personally, giving a history of the establishment and even provided a complimentary appetizer. During the entire experience, we felt like we were the only ones in the restaurant even though we weren't. Most of the appetizers are priced around $10 and enough to feed 3. The entrees are around $16-$17 each. You end up getting a great bang for your buck with whatever you get here in terms of quantity and quality. The venue is pretty small, but it has a lot of life packed in a small area. My favorite aspect is the accent pillows scattered across the benches. Everything is very clean and there's even a counter where you can buy merchandise. I thought the Christmas lights were a little cheesy, but I guess they do add a certain charm. Food: 5/5 Service: 6/5 Price: 4/5 Environment: 3/5 I can tell you for sure that if you try Me Casa, it will be one of your favorites too.
We came here for dinner on a Tuesday night and as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by some wonderful smells of good cooking. ME Casa is a small, cozy restaurant w/ dim surroundings. There was only one waiter the night that we were there. Although he was very nice and provided great service, one waiter wasn't enough. I'm generally patient with waiting at restaurants, especially if it's busy.. however I wasn't thrilled with the amount of waiting that night. We had to wait a couple of minutes to be seated even though there were empty tables. This same trend continued through the night.. had to wait a while to get our drinks, take our orders, etc. After we had finished, it took atleast 10 minutes to get our checks. I understand that there was a limited wait staff that evening and he did the best he could to accomodate all the tables. However, I did walk away from a fairly good meal a little dissatisfied. For food, we had mofongo with steak and their form of "paella/gumbo." The portions are huge.. so be ready to have leftovers for the next day. The food was pretty good but the mofongo wasn't as good as it is in Puerto Rico. Overall, everything about the meal was above average, but I have to bump my rating down due to excessive wait times.
Went there yesterday for lunch with a good buddy of mine who's the ultimate reviewer and i was impressed. Our waiter was funny and didn't try to hard and was a just natural and honest in his suggestions. One thing i hate are servers who lurk and always ask is everything ok every minute. The music was great! Nice mix of classic  salsa and bachata playing nice and low.  The food was nice and flavored just like in the old country. Overall had a good experience will be back again with my dame.
Great Food and Service !!! I will recommend this place to everybody I know.... She Chef send us a complimentary appetizer to Try which so delicious ... Just know they don't have a bar ... But they do have BYOB
During one of many mofongo cravings, I did a Yelp search and this place was on top of the list. Tonight I found out why. And I only had the mini mofongo appetizer! So yummy, delicious, flavorful and juicy. Just like the mofongo main dish my friend ordered, and they sure didn't skimp on the shrimp! And the sauce!  I had the pernil asado (roasted pork) and an order of maduros, which I'm looking forward to also having for lunch tomorrow because the serving could've fed two other people. And the sauce...make sure you order extra sauce. I'm going back for the dessert I never had because I ran out of belly room. Also, the service is awesome----attentive and friendly. I made sure I walked out with a menu for take out. BYOB!!
DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!!  The food was fine but after eating here my credit card was ripped off.
Wow! This place is awesome! ! Starting with the service and the food. Everything is well calculated. The chef and staff focus on every detail. I ordered the sampler they have in the menu and it was outstanding. Then for my main course I ordered the mofongo with Beef and it was the same result!  Outstanding But before you leave you HAVE TO TRY THE TRES LECHES
How did this place get such a high rating? The chef is great. He's ultra friendly and comes to each table making sure everyone is enjoying their food. He even told us how he got into this business. It's great to see such a passionate chef that actually takes time to get to know his clientele. Because of this, I really wanted to like the food.  The price and portions are also very generous. But it was below my expectations. Maybe my expectations were so high because of the high rating on Yelp? Maybe it was because it was the relate-able chef? Whatever it was, the food didn't live up to it. We tried the mofongo entree--dry and the only flavor I could taste was salt. No depth of flavor. It really needed the accompanying sauce to help lube it up.  It's nothing compared to the mofongo and beef stew you can find at spanish neighborhoods (ie Perth Amboy, Newark, Bayonne).  The beef/chicken stew that comes with the entree is tender, but not good enough to carry the dish. There were a couple of appetizers we tried but weren't memorable. And if this place is busy, expect a long wait for food. Last words: One-note and unbalanced flavored dishes. Salt is the predominant flavor and overshadows what ever ingredients he utilizes. It would be great if there was some acidity, freshness from herbs, or some other flavors to contrast the sodium in the dish. I really do want to like this place so I'll probably check this place out again in the future. If there's long wait, at least you can sip on your preferred wine or beer since this place is BYOB.
Ideally would give them half a star for the mofongo but one is the minimum. The calamari was over cooked and the chicken- basic rotisserie chicken. The waiter was over pushy and dint take our feedback on the calamari and the chicken. We dint stay for dessert for risk of having an even worse experience. Hmm not coming back and not impressed at all.
I am loving this place and can't wait to go again!! We started with (ranking order of my favorites) the empanada sampler, los latino esliders and the bacalaitos - all fantastic. The spicy green sauce is amazing (and FYI, they sell it bottled to go) and delicious on everything. Yum!  All of the food was fantastic; I ordered the mofongo al pilon with beef and it was unbelievable. My friends had the pernil asado and pollo a la brasa and both dishes were fantastic. I was also very pleased with the friendly and attentive service. The chef/owner also greeted the table and asked about the food and thanked us for coming. It couldn't have been a nicer all-around experience. And since it's BYOB, you'll save a few bucks on the bill...so you can get that green sauce to go!!
Love this place! You can't go wrong with the empanadas, mofongo with beef stew, or the tres leche for dessert. The staff is friendly and helpful. Highly recommend it for lunch or dinner!
Really glad that Yelp helped me find this place! Great food and cute atmosphere. -We went on a weekday night around 7:30, and it started off rather quiet. As our meal went on, it became a bit more lively as more people showed up. -Loved the cute garden level space. A warm, inviting, but casual environment -We ordered the empanada sampler, which was good. -The standout of the night is still the mofongo. It's been recommended by many reviewers here and it definitely lived up to expectations- flavorful and something about it made it so comforting. -Prices are very reasonable for the generous portion sizes- I definitely had leftovers for lunch -Seemed like the place allowed BYOB and the night we went, the table next to us was a large party celebrating someone's birthday and everyone brought a bottle of wine
From the moment I even made the reservation for this place I got an uneasy feeling as the girl who answered the phone placed me on hold and forgot about me. I hung up called back and again was placed on hold. I hung up and awhile later she called me back and apologized stating that she thought that someone else had taken the call. Seriously? How unprofessional. When I arrived at the restaurant I waited a good 8-10 minutes before being acknowledged. Seating was somewhat an issue although I had a reservation made for 6 although there were only 4 of us. I requested the table with the bench and pillows but supposedly it was reserved. The excuse given was that then needed that table to be converted to a party 6 but I guess we were the 6 that they were expecting because in the hour and a half that we were there no one was seated at that table, mind you our reservation was for 8p. Our waiter was abit inexperienced overemphasizing the wine policy as if we didn't understand. The food was ok. TOO SALTY for my taste. The garlic bread was too oily and the appetizers which was the sampler with alcapurias and empanadas were too oily/greasy although the presentation was cute and the dipping sauces delicious. One of of my colleagues orded the Shimp Mofongo which was too dry. I have to say that my experience was much less than to be desired. This a good place for those who aren't discerning about what to expect from Puerto Rican Cuisine but for those who do. You're better off going to your Momma's house. I will give this place another year before I go there again. They have alot of kinks to iron out.  Nonetheless, I wish them all the luck.
Chef Eddie prepared a vegan mofongo for me, although it isn't on the actual menu. I was prepared to order a variety of vegetarian side dishes, so this was a total surprise. It was so freaking good it needs to be on the menu! The service and food are excellent at ME Casa. The prices can be a little steep depending on what you're ordering, but I suppose that's understandable for such fresh ingredients, and wonderful made-to-order classic and not-so-classic Puerto Rican dishes.
I came here for a late lunch and the service was very good and professional. We started with the hot garlic bread, which was delicious. I got the el pollo garacho, I must admit wasn't really impressed. However my bro got the beef stew, which were good and the plantains were delicious. I would give it more like 3.5 stars if I could. I feel this place has room to improve, but the decor is a plus here for sure.
The boyfriend and I had dinner at this wonderful place last week. We had just moved two blocks away and felt like going out for dinner to celebrate nothing. ME Casa is a great neighborhood place, almost a hidden gem away from the business of Newark Ave. I walked by this place every morning and didn't think anything of it until a friend told me it was one of her favorite places in DTJC- just as I was getting a little bored of the JC food scene. It's BYOB- always a plus in my book! I ordered the Pernil- I always love crispy pork skin so I wish there was more of it. Other than that, it was juicy, flavorful, and there was so much of it, I was able to enjoy a second round the next morning for breakfast. I paired it with sweet fried plantains which is one of my favorite things in the world! I am definitely coming back, especially since we were greeted by Chef Eddie, who by the looks of other reviews greets almost everyone there. It is very rare for a Chef to do something so genuine and it makes for regulars. Now that we live a block away, we'll definitely makes this our go to spot. They also deliver! I asked Chef Eddie if he would deliver a block away and he said he even delivers upstairs lol.
Went here last night with my wife and friends.  The food was amazing. We started with the empanadas and mini mofongos in addition to the addicting garlic bread. The empanadas were great but as soon as I had the mofongo, I knew I had to return if not just to have the mofongo as an entree the next time because it was absolutely delicious. My party of 4 had... Pernil Asado - Roasted Pork Carne Guisada - Beef Stew The Pollo A La Brasa - Roasted Chicken Chuleta Frita - Pork Chop We all ended up sharing a little bit of each because each one of our meals was delicious. The stand out to me was the Pernil Asado my wife ordered. It was a mountain of delicious perfectly roasted pork with surprising depth of flavor. Not only was the food fantastic, the atmosphere was spot on.  Chef Eddie, was floating around and we were pleased to be able to speak to him about his food and restaurant. The food was so good we had to give him our compliments.  His warm demeanor and the intimate atmosphere of the restaurant truly felt like we were in his casa. The pricing is extremely reasonable for the quality of food and portions. The entrees have almost too much food, but it was so good. During my meal I wished that I could grow another stomach so I didn't have to stop eating  I'm salivating right now thinking of eating the leftovers in my fridge for lunch.  This in addition to the BYOB makes it not only a fantastic dining experience but also an extremely wallet friendly one. I can't wait to return.
Best. restaurant. in. JC. period. The mofongo is to die for.  Worth 12 out of 5 stars.
This place is awesome. The service is great and they are so attentive. The food is great and very filling. This is my second time coming here and there are no complaints.
I knew the food would be great when I stepped in through the door and thought to myself, "This smells like home." My dad's Puerto Rican, and I grew up feasting on arroz con gandules, pernil, bacalaitos, carrucho and pretty much everything else that's come from the island. Having said that, this place--ME Casa--has some serious credibility. Hubs and I sat down to appetizers of shrimp ceviche on tostones and bacalaitos. For entrees, we had the pernil with a side of yucca and the carne guisada. Now, my parents love their carne guisada: I had it pretty much every week or two growing up. This was pretty close to the version I had back then. Hubs' pernil was all the more authentic because it came with a bit of cuerito--the crispy pork skin that's just great for snacking. Every bite was a wonderful memory! I don't think I stopped smiling throughout the entire meal. Chef Eddie is good people. We love that he dropped by to say hi to the diners and get a sense on how the experience was going. We're definitely gonna come back, and I'll probably have my parents in tow next time, too.
I never one to write a review. I always read other people review on the place. Most of you yelpers are right on point with the reviews. This time I needed to take time out and give back to my fellow yelpers. We came here based on reviews on yelp. Lots of great ones, several bad complaining about service with a attitude.  Food was awesome. So next time my family was in the area we wanted to come back. Called to let the place know we had a party of 18 people coming in on a Sunday afternoon 4 Pm,  same time as the last time I ate there. Restaurant was not busy last time we were there 6 weeks earlier.  this place had the audacity to tell us we had to each eat a minimum of $20 per person. Initially we agreed. After talking it over with our group, we called to cancel out of courtesy. They told us we could change the terms to $15 per adult and $10 per child minimum. Hey it's your restaurant, you run it the way you see fit. Our group refused to go to a place that imposed a minimum on us. Last time we ate there it was 8 people and our bill was $225 so with 18 it would have been at least $400. Now you will never ever get us back there. We ended up going to picnic garden korean bb buffet in ft Lee and spent $550 there. Me casa, is not su casa obviously. You guys lost us as customers with your attitude. We over looked the mediocre service last time since the food was yummy, all the reviews about service was spot on.  We over looked the fact the ceiveche was a over priced order. We over looked the fact that the chicken wing appetizer was a tiny order for the price. Since the entrées were so good. But we just couldn't swallow a mandatory minimum per person. -disappointed
The food is pretty good - but the thing that puts the place over the top is the friendly staff -
Stumbled upon this place by accident and am SO glad we did. Truly delicious food, hugely ample portions, all made and served with love. Was an adorable intimate dining room, very attentive service, and they even comped us a free piece of tres leches cake for my boyfriend's birthday (we were basically too stuffed for dessert, but I guess they know that you can't really have a birthday without cake, right?). An all-around wonderful experience and I wish we lived closer to enjoy it more often! Will definitely make a trip back soon.
I was thoroughly impressed by the entire experience at ME Casa. It's a great unassuming location with a welcoming  feeling to it by the way the entire staff smiles and greets you. The food was amazing and the proportions are huge. The owner of the restaurant even introduced himself and gave us a free appetizer just to try. This is a great place to eat for lunch, dinner, or on a date. Just remember it is BYOB in case you want a drink.
The reviews don't come close to doing this place justice. There are no words to adequately express the excellence that is Me Casa. Just go. Literally stop what you're doing and go. Walking your dog? Throw that leash to the curb and grab some mofungo. Watching your kids for the evening? Eh, they can look after themselves. This place rocks, end of story. From the service, to the decor, to the food, everything is top notch, local, and authentic. Do it up. Seriously though, the mofungo with beef stew is stupid good.
Excellent Puerto Rican food and the service is attentive and friendly. The owner is very personable and hospitable.
This place looks like a hole in the wall but don't be so quick to judge, it's very clean and cozy inside. The staff and chef are very warm and quite passionate about their work. I'm giving this place 3 stars because I personally am not a fan of the cuisine but that doesn't mean that it's not delicious. I ordered tilapia however, I couldn't finish my meal because it had a strong seafood odor.   I'm sure your experience may be better than mine so please do not hesitate to try!
I wanted something different for takeout than the typical pizza, burgers and the like, so I decided to do take out from here.  I've already been twice in one week.   First time, I took other Yelpers advice and got the shrimp ceviche and empanadas (I got one of each meat, chicken, shrimp, and beef).  Everything was dang delicious! So I went back a second time and again, per the Yelpers, opted for the shrimp mofongo.  It is no wonder there are mofongo inspired t-shirts & hats available at this place!!  Best mofongo i've ever had (albeit in full disclosure I've only had it once before lol).  Now I am truly a fan!!   Eddie, the owner and chef, is SO personable and seems to make time to speak to each and every patron and offer some great suggestions.   He suggested that next time I should eat there, and that's exactly what I'm going to do.  Eddie said the mofongo would be even more delicious in-house, which I can't even fathom :). Will definitely be back!
Me Casa is a great new addition to the Jersey City food scene. The chef is a very nice guy and is actively involved in every aspect of the restaurant (he was even cleaning tables when I went with my family). The ceviche is delicious and all of the dishes my family ordered were very good.  The bacalao was a bit salty, but still good. It's also BYO!  Highly recommend supporting this place.
Terrific Latin Food served hot and fresh with friendly service and ample portions. We arrived with a party 5 and were warmly greeted by the owners son. Everything was perfect, really it was! after gorging ourselves a comlimentary a slice of Tres Leche Cake arrived and it truly reflected the chef/owner passion for food. He came out to chat with us, and we also learned he teaches at culinary School! Get this Teacher an apple and become a regular! We did!!
Wow, this place was awesome! Thanks to my friend who spotted this place in a Yelp newsletter a few months ago when we were looking for a BYOB place for a girls dinner. The place is tiny, so I would recommend reservations regardless of what day/night you plan on dining. One thing that I loved was that the owner/chef came out to introduce himself and offer us an free app since it was our first time dining there. He asked about food preferences/allergies, and brought out a delicious ceviche for us. We all got a few various items off the menu and not only was each dish delicious, we also had more than enough to take home. I got the roast chicken, which I highly recommend. Best of luck to this establishment, as it was so nice to see a owner/chef (I wish I remembered his name!) who takes the time to meet each of his patrons like that. And when the food is excellent as well, you can't go wrong. Highly recommend!
Phenomenal service, excellent food, great portions.  I went there and had an awesome time, Chef Eddie is truly a great host and his food is out of this world.  I will definitely be back there, great job keep up the good work!! Ps: I had the pernil asado, amazing!!!!
Went there for lunch on a Saturday, we had the mix app, empanadas were to die for. We split the lechon asado with rice and beans. Everything was so good that we ordered more stuff to take out and eat for dinner.
I'm surprised to see any bad reviews of ME casa. We came on a very cold and snowy night and were transported once we entered into a warm and cozy dining area. Everything we ordered was scrumptious- starting with the alcapurrias and continuing to entrees. I has the pernil (one of the in house specials) and my boyfriend had pollo a la brasa. Good portion size so while we thoroughly enjoyed our meal, we looked forward to eating the same food the next day in leftover form. I was so full but made sure to bring a tres leches cake (my favorite) for later. Great service too! Our waiter Joel made the dining experience all the better. I plan to come back again and again!
I have found my home away from home! Whenever I miss my grandmothers cooking, I'm coming here! There aren't many Puerto Rican restaurants period, so many Dominican, Cuban and Mexican spots, not enough Puerto Rican, so whenever I find one I get excited... I'm Puerto Rican so I have high expectations, and this place did not disappoint... We started with the bacalaitos for an app and they were very good, my grandmother makes them better with little pieces of the fish inside (hint hint ME Casa), but these were good... I had the pollo asado w/ arroz con gandules and yuca w/ mojo and wanted to hug the chef.. My mother had the beef stew which she loved and my dad had the Asopao de Camarones (it's soup w/ rice and shrimp and some onions and red peppers) SO GOOD, I wish the broth were a bit thicker but it wasn't that serious... We didn't have desert because we were stuffed but next time, and hopefully they add the Flan to the menu! One thing I would strongly suggest they do is invest in an expresso machine or something, my mother asked for coffee and they said they don't serve it after a certain time, he said he would make it for her though but that it would be a few mins, I don't know about other Puerto Rican families but I grew up with coffee being served at all hours of the day w/ some toasted bread, especially after dinner! This review is already longer than I'd like but I HAVE to mention the service, they are so welcoming, very attentive and super friendly, they make you feel comfortable... If you want some authentic Puerto Rican food, treat yourself to this place, you won't regret it!
This is why I love the Grove st. area always bringing the diversity in its cruisne selections. This is my first time having Puerto Rican food. Caribbean food is always my favorite. I wasn't skeptical about the food as Puerto Rican food has same base as Haitian food umm everything is fried. Then throw in some "sofrito" which is comparable to Haitian ""epis." I had the Chuleta but it was drowned in a sauce and onions, only wish it was fried harder. Also more rice was needed to pair with the meat. Me Casa is located in a sub level of the building, which had a home feel toit. The decor was much to be desired, a big 'ol flat  screen television  slapped in  the middle of the dining floor. Initially tried to seat me directly next to low bearing wall or a column not sure what it was.  One thing for sure the staff is extremely friendly. They had no problem relocating us to another area. Personally I love flavorful food, so each time I asked for the custom hot sauce they created, it was a $.50  charge to the bill.. The bright side of this iss the food is reasonably priced . The place screams diversity which is always a plus, there was a group of Filipinos speaking Spanish fluently.  Long story short they hail from Dominican Republic. To my surprise they found out about the place from Yelp, go figure.
WEEEEPA! I was craving Puerto Rican food. Found this place thanks to Yelp! HOLLA! Being Puerto Rican I'm always skeptical to try out P.R. restaurants simply because it's never as good as my mother's- but ME Casa gets it! UHHHH my mofongo was SO good. If I were reviewing JUST the mofongo this review would be 6 stars! But that's impossible so....... I ordered the Mofongo with shrimp. YUMMY. -Shrimp weren't overcooked -mashed, fried plaintains were super succulent and mashed just right. Yes baby. -the sauce tasted like it was made with sofrito (THANK GOD)! Sofrito is a staple in P.R. cooking and if the food tastes like it lacks sofrito... well, it ain't P.R. food. If you don't know what sofrito is, google it-- it's 2013. My date ordered the chuletas frita (fried porkchops). He said it was good but it didn't look like real Puerto Rican chuleta frita... I mean, don't fry chuletas and then drown them in onions.... it didn't look appetizing to me. If you're gonna fry pork- just fry it. It should be fried- brown to perfection and juicy. Rice and beans on the side. Nothing is more Puerto Rican than that. Oh- and we had the chicharron de pollo (fried chicken pieces) with hot sauce on the side (there are 3 sauces you can choose from). Really good with the garlic bread they serve you before the food comes. So yummy. I realized I said "yummy" many times throughout this review but that's what this food was: yummy Puerto Rican comfort food. It didn't make me feel slugglish at all but that's probably because a) I was STARVING b) I'm so accustomed to heavy, starchy P.R. food and c) I eat like a beast. Also, this place seems new-- lacks deco. Like perhaps some Taino art or some other artistic flair would really add to the ambiance. It totally lacks in this department. And it was COLD. However, if you're in the area  and seeking Latin food- I totally recommend this place! Great, authentic P.R. food! "Why does this place have a t.v. but no art work?" "You know how you Puerto Ricans are, ya always gotta have ya t.v.s." LOL
In a little corner of the downtown jersey city village, with an unexpected romantic ambiance, and food that is surprisingly good.  Flanked by a deli and row houses, itself in the ground floor of row house.  More fancy than you would expect and very romantic, yet inexpensive and friendly. The food is heavy, indeed many others commented the same, but don't let that persuade you to a different restaurant.  Heavy in the same way Italian restaurants can be.  The portions are big, but not overly huge, so I recommend sharing entrees or expect to take some home with you.  You definitely get your dollar's worth here. The food is fantastic.   Very good and hearty, with the right amount of seasoning.  It's not comfort food per se, but it is very comforting. BYOB means you can bring a good wine and not pay a ridiculous price.  I recommend a cabernet savignon or even a heavy oaky california chardonnay.  You could also enjoy your meal with a spicier wine. Make reservations!
This is a very nice restaurant in a small place. The service is good and the food is very good. However it is a tad expensive.
I have always passed by Me Casa almost on a daily basis. So one day, after sitting down and Yelping some stuff  -- I suddenly remembered this place. I saw the positive reviews on this and decided to see what all the buzz was about. I walked in with my date and smelled all the types of food that was being cooked. It was a bit packed, but fortunately there was two seated table at the far back. Eddie, who attended us, was very sweet and polite. He made sure we were completely satisfied and comfortable. Very attentive. Appetizer: Papas Rellena. Oh my god. It was SO good. The crust had the perfect crunch. As I took a bite out of it, I was filled with different spices on the beef picadillo. Entree: Pernil Asado. It was a tad bit dry, but edible nonetheless. I had a serve of arroz con gandules and it was YUMMY! The little sauce that went with it was spicy and sweet at the same time. My date and I were completely stuffed. The servings were pretty big. I am definitely going to come back here very soon.
Went here tonight with 3 friends from out of town. We heard good things and were not disappointed! We all ordered different entrees and were was thrilled with our orders. The service was friendly, but not overbearing. It felt like we were at the owner's home, yet the servers were not over-bearing. They gave us free cheesecake, "just because." You cannot  beat BYOB. We will certainly be back. We went at 8:45 on a Saturday and stayed until 10:30. They did not rush us out at all. We will definitely be back!
"This place feels like home!" Eddie makes you feel like you should kick off your shoes have a beer and enjoy some good down home boricua food! The other reviews on here are spot on, think the only tough part is when it comes time to open another location, Eddie will have to figure out how to clone himself. He literally makes you feel at home and I haven't even gotten to the food, ay dios mios!! For the sake of the short attention span, drop what ever lunch or dinner plans you had in JC and high tail it here, you won't be disappointed! Not the easiest place to find and best of luck parking and ow yah, BYOB. Just know when you arrive the food will transport you to Puerto Rico so much so you may want to defect! But then you'd be missing out on a great Puerto Rican restaurant! Well done Me Casa you had me at "buenos Dias?!"
The best Puerto Rican food I've ever tried!! Their dishes are wonderful and with excellent service! Roasted chicken and pork are both delicious. ME ap sampler is great to taste. Strongly recommend!
Cute, quaint, neighborhood cafe!! Freshest ingredients, great service, and yumminess that will keep you coming back... Make reservations, it's not as spacious...
Amazing food, amazing service, awesome atmosphere. And BYOB.. which makes it more amazing. I have been hearing so much about this place but I didn't know it was TWO BLOCKS away from my apartment. Bad news bears. We tried the fried mashed potato balls filled with beef as an app. Really yummy and interesting appetizer. We also had the pleasure of meeting Chef Eddie who is great and soo affable. He gave us something to sample on the house. Can't remember what it was but there was homemade ketchup that came with it and it was also fried. Tasted sort of similar to the potato beef balls. Very awesome gesture - that is how you keep people coming back. As I looked around, I noticed the portions were HUGE so I split the Mofongo with Chick Stew with my boyfriend and it was plenty for two. I've never had Monfongo but my Puerto Rican roommate in college always raved about this Monfongo conception so we went for it. Unlike anything I've ever had before. The plantain bottom was delicious and the chicken stew was just sooo taste and melted in your mouth. This was actually my first official introduction to authentic Puerto Rican food and I really enjoyed it. It is nothing like other South American food I tried and I was really glad I got to try traditional PR cuisine. Although it two blocks away from me, it's not somewhere I would eat often, definitely not for the healthy eater. You come here to eat fried, fatty, meaty, starchy DELICIOUSLY bad food.
I went to this place because it was the highest yelp rated restaurant in my area, and wanted to know what the big deal was.  For appetizers, we had empanadas, which were on par with any other empanadas I've had.  For the entree, I had the shredded pork and my girlfriend had the mofongo.  Portions were generous, but the flavors were a little bland.  I took home the leftovers of the pork and ended up having to add salt.   Service was fantastic, and the chef even introduced himself and told us to come back and say hi.  I'm willing to give this place another try, but my first experience with my food the first time is tempering my expectations.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!  The food is just amazing. I have been dying for good latin food in the neighborhood and Me Casa fills a serious void I've been experiencing in that department.  I have never tried anything that wasn't delicious and cooked to perfection. The staff is always courteous and friendly and the owner is incredibly friendly and takes time to get to know his patrons. Highly recommend!! You will not be disappointed!
We were very pleased with the service and food at mi casa. The shrimp empanadas were excellent. We also had the ceviche with tostones and chicharron de pollo, which were also good. We ended the night with the tres leches cake.
I came here with my husband a few weeks ago. The food was delicious and the portions were very generous. The family style restaurant does a great job at making their customers feel welcome and at home. It was more like dining at your uncle's place than in a restaurant which is a nice vibe to have. Although the food was tasty I felt like it was a bit too salty for my taste. Especially the bread they provide before the meal. They lost one star for that but, I would definitely recommend this place for any Spanish-food lover. Their service is exceptional.
Excellent food taste and atmosphere. Small but perfect.  Perfect taste of Puerto Rican food.  With an elegant twist to it.  owner is incredibly kind and welcoming.  We will def come back and will pass on the word.  Appetizers entree dessert all were great
Some of the best Spanish food I've ever had. You can really tell that everything is made fresh. Pollo a la Brasa is great for two meals!! I can't wait till they bring their desserts back. Thank you Yelp for introducing this place to me!
Thank you yelpers!!!!  This place was fantastic!!!!!!  This restaurant is a hidden gem in Jersey City and can be easily missed if one is not paying close attention.  I came here with a close friend of mine for dinner.  When we entered, we were immediately greeted by the hostess/ our waitress.  She was friendly and very attentive throughout the whole night.  She also made wonderful food recommendations. The best part of the night, was meeting the owner/chef.  I have never been to a restaurant where the owner comes out to greet his/her customers.  I wish I remembered his name!! =( Anyway, he is soooooooooo talented and funny.  Throughout our conversation, I could sense his passion for delicious Latin food and he talked a little bit about his background.  He was interested in knowing how we heard about his restaurant and of course I told him yelp led me here =) The chef treated us to some amazing appetizers on the house that included three homemade sauces and wow.....They were scrumptious.  The empanadas were out of this world! Very fresh and seasoned perfectly.  My main course was amazing as well.  I got a huge portion of pulled pork.  I was stuffed from the empanadas and the appetizers, so I had to take most of the pulled pork home, but no worries... It didn't go to waste =). Do yourself a favor and try this place out.  You won't regret it!
Love their chicken empanadas and acapurias to start. The beef mofongo and pernil are my go 2 entrees. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Thank you Chef Eddy for bringing this authentic Puerto Rican gem to downtown JC
What a cute little gem! We popped in here after trying another place but leaving before ordering for lack of vegan options. This place is very tiny, probably only holds about 20 people. The servers were super awesome, Bernie was our server and she was very accommodating and friendly. So in terms of vegan options, it kind of happens by default but they had a decent amount of things to choose from. We decided to split a bunch of appetizers, empanadas, mini mofungos, and tostones. The empanadas were very tasty and had lots of filling. I didn't love the shrimp one but it was ok. The beef was better IMO, the tostones were crisp and fresh, served with a garlic oil mixture (which was amazing but I was still tasting it the next day haha). The mini mofungos were probably the most impressive. They were little cups made from green plaintains and filled with various options..we got the vegetarian stew, and chicken. Everything was flavorful and seasoned well. 3 appetizers OH IT'S BYOB...so 3 appetizers for about $28. Not bad. Def check this place out, they do lots of take out too but it's a quaint little place good for a quiet conversation or date night. I would def get an entree the next time I come here!
As a Puerto Rican, I was not impressed at all with the food. The staff is friendly but not very knowledgeable about the food. The decor is beautiful but really for a Puerto Rican restaurant it's unnecessary! Those are  the only two reasons I gave it two stars paired with the fact the presentation of the food is unnecessary. And for the price of the food I am beyond words as to why this place has rave reviews.  Clearly these people are not familiar with the food and culture!!! The papa rellena appetizer was $8 for 3 little balls smh? And it comes with sauce that supposedly homemade. I can get a big papa rellena for $1.50 with much more flavor. That is my biggest complaint about this place it lack in real Puerto Rican flavor! The arroz con gondules hardly came with gondules, and the mofongo with shrimp only came with 3 large shrimp, it was basically mashed up platino with no seasoning and watery sauce!! If you are going to be over priced have astonishing tasting food and don't jip out in the good stuff. This place is embarrassing in my opinion only because I know I can cook 10 times better and I am self taught..not a chef smh
i almost never write reviews, and if i do its usually because the establishment has prompted me to give a negative review. That being said, if I am giving this restaurant a 5 star it means a lot. The restaurant is tiny, cute, and has a homey ambiance to it. I came here with my wife; Chef Eddie came out and greeted us, talked to us and genuinely tried to get to know us. The service was amazing and the food was delicious. I've been here three times already and as a food aficionado I try not to go to the same restaurants more than once to try out the diversity of foods - this place I make an exception.
ME Casa makes you feel like you're in Tu Casa. Service is exceptionally friendly without being intrusive. The chef/owner was a former wall street professional who quit to start ME Casa, which is truly his passion. We first split the empanada sampler which included beef, chicken and shrimp. All were cut in half so you can dip it in one of their special sauces. The shrimp was my favorite. I love pernil so I tried the one here as well. It came out in a huge plate. My favorite part, the pork skin of course was nice a crispy. Here it's a little crispier than other places. It came with a pernil dipping sauce too. Added to the pork flavor. The second entree was the beef stew. A huge portion of that came out as well. It was awesome, loved the sauce. Finished off dinner with the tres leches which was nice, moist and sweet. Oh, and it's BYOB. Overall, it was a great dining experience. We'll definitely be back.
Do not let outward appearance deter you from the deliciousness inside! From the street, the curb appeal is no great, but once you enter, all your fears will be washed away with just one sniff! The staff here are warm, friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. Chef Eddie himself is the kind of guy you want to be friends with. Every time I have been to ME Casa, he walks around to each table in the small dinning room. The place is quite small. The decor is minimal, but the real focus should be on the food! Am I right?! Everything on the menu is delicious. I personally enjoy the Mofongo with Steak. Be warned: the portion is HUGE- my husband and I split it with an appetizer and still have leftovers. Our favorite appetizer is the Empanada Sampler- you can choose Beef, Chicken, or Shrimp. We like to get all 3! They come with 3 dipping sauces, the waitress told me what they were but I forget. All you need to know is that they are delicious. Keep in mind this place is BYOB. There used to be a liquor store close by but it closed. I think the closest now is either Jersey Wine and Spirits (awesome but pricey) or Red Feast Wine (cheaper).
Delicious food. Comfortable atmosphere.  Good people. When I want mofongo, arroz con anything, I have have high expectations.  They met them and excelled. Thouroughly satisfied.
Had the pleasure of having dinner in ME Casa Restaurant and Catering yesterday night. What a great little gem. The service was impeccable and the food was outrageous. If you like yourself a little Latin flavor and looking for something new to try check out this place. Had the pleasure speaking to the owner/executive chef Eddie. Not many places the owner will come out and greet you.  Great places and I would certainly recommend it to all. Best part BYOB
Excellent service! We had a very friendly waiter who recommended very good dishes.  I had the seafood stew and it was really good. The sweet plantains were especially good. The portions were so large, so be prepared!
Amazing food and very lovely service. Being of Puerto Rican descent I was thrilled to learn a local PR restaurant had opened up and had so many reviews (plus BYOB available) so I had to check it out. We made reservations and I suggest others do the same. It's a very small place. For starters, all the servers are welcoming and very nice. The chef himself came out to talk to us and greet us and talk about how proud he was to make authentic PR food. I thought that was a very sweet touch. We had the empanadas for apps (1 of each kind) and they are DELICIOUS! Then I the chicken mofongo and my fiancé had the pernil. OMG BOTH WERE AMAZING! You get really good portions as well. We had some leftovers! Chef Eddie asked what I thought of the food and I told him that when I went to Puerto Rico 2 years ago I had mofongo 3 times at 3 different places when I was there and the one he had served me at Me Casa beat them all! We had asked for dessert but they don't have a menu going yet. I can't wait till they do! I would love to have my wedding rehearsal party there but I am not sure if there's ample parking for a big party so that would be the only reason I'd skip them.
I like this place.  I like the owner.  I like the staff.  I want to give this place 5 stars, but I can't.  It was a solid 3-3.5 experience on the night we went, but definitely not deserving of anything more - for now, at least. To begin, we booked a reservation on Open Table and, as people have described before, the hostess wasn't aware of the reservation.  I'm not sure what the story is here - are they using OpenTable or not?   Regardless, the good news is that she was able to sit us in just a few minutes, so not a big deal.   Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and the chef/owner made it a point to check on us several times during the meal.   You can tell that he really takes pride in his food and his business. We started with the mofongo appetizer and the empenadas.- both were superb.  Those were worthy of 4 or 5 stars on their own.  The portions were so big that we could have eaten them on their own, but we had big appetites that night.   We moved on to the pernil (house specialty pork) and the beef stew.   The pork was tasty, but perhaps a bit salty and dry.  I've eaten a more tender version of this dish at other places in the past.   The beef stew was also flavorful, but it was the familiar "topping" that we had on the mofongo appetizer, which wasn't a bit deal.  What was a surprise, however, is that the peas/carrots/green beans were clearly from a can or a bag - this was a surprise considering that everything else in the place seemed so fresh.  Maybe they had a challenge getting fresh veg that day, but the end result was a soggy bunch of vegetables in the stew.   Again, overall everything was tasty, but not the best delivery/flavor. Lastly, I'll say that, although the service was very nice, the kitchen was very slow that night.   We waited about 35/40 mins between courses, which seemed a bit long. Will I go back?  yes, I will.  Perhaps we were there on an off night and there's clearly potential there.
Appetizers are awesome, much better than the main course we thought.  Overall good food and service.
Okay so I have been living in Jersey City for FOUR years and complaining about the lack of authentic Puerto Rican food anywhere. There are a few cuban and mexican options but nothing to remind me of home. I am a true Boricua from the boogie down Bronx and finding this restaurant almost made me cry! The mofongo is beyond YUMMY! The service pleasant and fast. (Thanks Kush for letting us try all the dipping sauces with our bacalaitos) The place is small so reservations are definitely in order. But we managed to sneak in a table for 2 with no issues. My only comment of something needing improvement is to add a little cafe bustelo and dessert to the menu.
Great place overall, would come back. For food we got the papa rellena special appetizer, very good but would be a stretch to call amazing.  This dish is a ball of  fried potato with beef inside and topped with provolone and (I believe) some crispy pork bits.  Tastes sort of like a fancy potato skin.  For dinner got the half chicken and shrimp mofungo.  The chicken was very tasty, and a sizable portion - comes with an excellent spicy green sauce on the side.  The mofungo was quite good as well, standard portion size.  Sides of beans and rice, eh, and yuca in olive oil which was awesome. Atmosphere is nice, small place but do not have people on top of you (unless you're at the table for 2 closest to the kitchen), owner and staff are incredibly friendly and attentive.  BYOB, which is always a plus.
I dunno if they had an off night or what... but, it was pretty disappointing.  However, I think they do try.  The servers were very attentive and nice.  But the food missed the mark.  The chicken chicharron was just salty fried chicken pieces (or so it seemed to me).  The shrimp ceviche was not that well seasoned.  The mofongo with beef was bland and the beef was dry.  Sorry for awarding only two stars - but i couldn't give any more than that.  I'll update my review when i make a second visit over there.
(Slow Clap...) This Puerto Rican joint is a must at the corner of Columbus & Varick. A small intimate space, perfect for family, friends and dates. Justin was our host and server and treated my party like family. He was warm, welcoming and most of all helpful in aspects. Originally going for the corner booth he gave us a heads up that that spot might be a bit drafty, since it was a cold New Years Eve afternoon and right by the door, he pointed us to another table for better comfort. Justin was great in giving recommendations. Honestly, you can blindly pick and choose amongst the menu because we got a bit of everything on there and it came out better than expected. It was outstanding. Both beautifully crafted and tasteful. Compliments to the chef! The wait is how long you would typically wait when people actually cook your food and not nuking it. With that being said, the wait is well worth it and your served delicious but oily garlic bread- so pace yourself. It was about 10-15 mins for the apps to roll out and another 15-20 for the entrees to show up. Great atmosphere and music was at the right notch and suited the Puerto Rican vibe. Just loud enough to not disrupt a perfectly good conversation. Portions are very generous and I'm agreeable with the prices. You'll be taking a doggy bag home and not going broke. Even though my original order could not be filled due to limited supplies during the holidays, it doesn't change my review one bit because there are multiple plan Bs on the menu to keep you satiated. Food: 5/5 Service: 5/5 Will be back soon!
AMAZING food! Best pork and rice I've ever had. It's byo too =)
Me Casa has 4-star food, with an additional star earned for the quality and charm of the service and ambiance.   My wife and I paid our first visit to Me Casa last night. It doesn't look like much from the outside and is a bit off the beaten path, three blocks from Grove Street station. From the moment you walk in, the restaurant has a terrific experience that sets it apart.  The interior is charming (if a bit cramped) and the greeting is warm and genuine. The food is excellent. Dinner starts with some sort of garlic toast that is perfectly crisped and quite delicious. My wife ordered the Pernil Asado--marinated pork roast--and I had the Bistec Encebollado--steak with caramelized onions. The ingredients were fresh and the dishes were very tasty (although I think I preferred my wife's entree to the one I selected by just a bit.) As others note on Yelp, one of the reasons to come here is that the owner is present and cares a lot about his guests.  This is not the kind of place where the host dashes past your table and asks if everything is okay without really caring.  The night we were there, the owner spent time at each table, answering questions, sharing his story and offering genuine appreciation for the visit.   We'll be back. This is a small restaurant that is worth supporting both for the food and the people who run it.
This place is heaven, seriously... I've heard great things from friends and Yelp about ME Casa and finally decided to check it out last Friday once we moved to the neighborhood.  With a bottle of wine in hand, we walked in just before 7 and the place was pretty busy.  We waited a couple of minutes as another table left and was cleared and were quickly seated.  Almost immediately our server came over, opened the bottle of wine, and began to chat with us.  Once she took our order, the owner/chef, Eddie, came over and introduced himself and gave us a history of the place and how he got where he is... Now, for the food... Eddie brought over some Shrimp Ceviche for us to try.  Normally, I'm not a shrimp fan, but this was amazing.  The combination of the shrimp with lime, cilantro, tomatoes and onions couldn't have been better.  A basket of toasted bread with oil, garlic, and some other spices came out at the same time... dangerously tasty.  After serious internal debate, I ordered the Pollo a la Brasa.  The roasted chicken was so moist and delicious, half of it came home with me.  I got the Yuca topped with garlic and oil, pretty simple, but a great combination.  The boy got the Chuleta Frita and I couldn't help but reaching over and grabbing a bite.  Also delicious! Eat here, you won't be disappointed.
How do you know you're in a Puerto Rican restaurant? When Marc Anthony is in heavy rotation on the music playlist. We came here on a Saturday night, easily found parking a block away, and didn't know that it is BYOB (luckily there is a liquor store having a "Going Out of Business" sale across the street).  We ordered the following: - Shrimp Ceviche on Tostones (fried plantain): the tomatoes, red onions, and lime made the flavor pop. The shrimp had a nice octopus texture and was complimented by the tostones (think of the fried plantain like a crispy delivery system for the ceviche). - Mofongo with Beef Stew: imagine clam chowder being served in a bread bowl (except that it's chunky pieces of beef served in a fried plantain bowl). WARNING: do not consume this dish if you plan to do anything that evening because you will be rendered unconscious within the hour (AKA the 'itis').  The meal is dense and will steal your energy. - Chuletas (2 pork chops) with onions: I will admit to having orderer's remorse for not ordering this as my dish. I looked like a vampire seeing fresh blood as I studied the bones for hidden leftover meat. The fried pork chop had a beautiful crispy brown hue and I was happy for the pieces that I begged for (and I actually picked up the bones with my hands and went at it - no shame in my game). Eddie, head chef / owner, came out to welcome each table to his 110th day in business.  Hopefully he'll expand with a dance floor so I can get my salsa on.
This place is so good you'll throw caution (and your waistline!) to the wind!  A few tips:  1) Come hungry for some flavorful, substantial, hearty PR classics jazzed up with a little modern flair.  2) Make a reservation or come early - it's a cozy place that fills up quickly! 3) Don't plan to go dancing or do anything that requires a modicum of physical energy after eating here for dinner.  You will be in a blissful food coma that is best accompanied by a few post-dinner drinks or lounging on the couch in your PJs.  Trust me. Made a reservation for 2 for 6:30 on Open Table, but when we arrived, I heard the hostess tell someone they currently only accept reservations for parties of 6 or more.  My reservation was confirmed by Open Table, but apparently, not by the restaurant - according to the same hostess.  Weird!  She seated us anyway, as the restaurant was not full.  10 minutes later, a bevy of huge (I mean HUGE!) guys walks in and takes up the majority of the rest of the space.  We were glad to get our orders in before they did! :) They brought out garlic bread before the first course.  YUM.  This bread was so well buttered and garlicked that it seemed almost like they were deep fried (I won't ask, hopefully they won't tell).  Holy fat bomb. I tried to stick to only 1 small piece, but 2.5 pieces later, I was in garlicky buttered toast heaven. Our apps were the 2-piece sliders (beef, chicken) on tostones and the bacalaitos (salted cod fritters).  These were good, and both had unique and complex sauces, but the fried nature of both started to become a bit too much here.  Both apps were very large and I realize now that coming to ME Casa is best with a group, to be able to share apps....and.... Entrees!  So glad we only ordered 1 entree (although I would like to try others).  It was seriously family sized.  We ordered the mofongo (massive mashed plantain cake that is so delicious I could eat that by itself) with beef stew (AMAZING) ladled on top.  The brown sauce - beefy goodness and goodness only knows what other spices and divine intervention was involved here - was a river of holy deliciousness.  It came with an enormous mountain of yellow rice and pigeon peas.  Next time I will ask for a spoon to aid me in my woebegone efforts to drizzle the brown sauce over my rice. We could only finish 2/3 of the main course, so packed it up and got it ready to go, as a line of hungry people eyed our seats.  As we paid the check, I saw their smiles grow broader. :) Things are definitely big in PR cooking. I might become bigger too if I frequent too often!  Thanks, ME Casa for a terrific meal so close to mi casa. :)
It breaks my heart to give this place a not-so-good rating but I don't like making something out to be better than it is just because the service was nice. The chef (Eddy), as everyone says, is very charismatic. He's a great guy, he's passionate and greets his guests. However, I want to be honest about the food and say that it's not amazing. I've had Puerto Rican food loads of times and loved it so I was expecting a nice homey meal here but I didn't get that delicious/flavorful food that I was looking forward to. My favorites: the maduros, empanadas, arroz con gandules and the "money sauce". My not-so-favorites: The beef stew, mofongo w/ shrimp stew, and that really greasy complimentary garlic bread. Seriously, my fingers were coated with oil when I touched it. The pieces of beef in the stew was smaller than the corn kernels, the flavor was off and the stew itself was watery. The shrimp stew mofongo was too fishy for me. I couldn't even taste the mofongo anymore. I was disappointed since it's one of my favorite plantain dishes. I can go on but it pains me to criticize a restaurant that deserves better. I hope the food improves and turns into that refined yet homey Puerto Rican cuisine that I know and love. On the bright side, you leave quite full but lunch ended up to be around $65 which was a bit much in my opinion. Lunch portions should be a bit smaller and cheaper. I was way to full to do anything after that. *Oh, and there's this awkward chain thing that separates the dining table from the line to wait. You'll see what I mean if you go.
I noticed all of the rave reviews but I wonder if maybe I ordered the wrong thing at the wrong time.  The person who took my order was so sweet and so nice and helped me tremendously.  The delivery time was much longer than usual so I expected that but when I received my meal  I wasn't impressed at all with my order.  My Pernil was EXTREMELY dry and I was rather upset.  I really wanted to like this place and I usually give slack for delivery orders but mine wasn't as amazing as some of the other reviewers. One of these days I'll order again to see if my experience differs from my first time but I just wasn't impressed - and I'm actually a little sad.  I will order again in the future to see if maybe this was just a kitchen rush.
This was my first time at ME Casa and it was fantastic! Dont let the outside fool you as it is easy to pass by. It is a small, cozy intimate setting. The food was great. Immediately the Chef and Owner greeted us and gave us a complimentary app. He also checked in with us multiple times to make sure everything was ok. The service was good as the waiter was very attentative. The food was great!!! I got the mofongo with beef stew w sweet plaintans and my date got the chicken with rice and beans. The app was shrimp ceviche which was soooo good! It is BYOB which is even better. The prices are very reasonable and i would totally recommend it to anyone. It is now one of my fav restaurants in JC.
We came to ME Casa last night for dinner as a result of all the positive Yelp reviews. Before I go into detail, let me just emphasize what a great decision it was! We got there around 8 pm and were seated immediately.  The restaurant is relatively small (about 10-15 tables) so there may be a wait on busier nights, but we were seated immediately.  Note that ME Casa is BYOB, but there is a liquor store a block away on Christopher Columbus. Upon being seated, the server immediately took care if our wine, pouring each of us a glass and putting the bottle on ice at our table.  We were also given warm garlic bread which in itself was addicting. My fiancée started with the Alpacurias appetizer and I started with the Empanadas sampler appetizer.  Both were fresh, hot, and delicious.   After we finished our appetizers, owner and chef, Eddie Cotto, came to our table to introduce himself.  In my opinion, this is one of the benefits of a small restaurant as the chef actually likes to come out and introduce himself.  He then brought us out a complimentary shrimp ceviche appetizer which was fantastic. For our main course, I got the mofongo topped with beef stew (with a side of tostones con mojito) and my fiancée ordered the pernil asaso (with a side of maduros).  My meal was out of this world. The mofongo featured a garlicky fried plantain cake in the middle with hearty beef stew on top.  The combination of flavors was really, really good.  I didn't try my fiancées pernil asado, but she told me that it was tender and flavorful.  The side dishes were both delicious, as well.  All portions are HUGE and you should expect to take some home.  If you get a chance, ask for a side of the green sauce ("money sauce") which is a great dipping sauce to accompany almost any meal or side.   After our meal, Chef Eddie came back over and asked how we liked everything.  Being candid, we said it was fantastic.  Chef Eddie was very humble and very thankful for our patronage.  He also spent a few more minutes conversing with us, explaining more about his background and telling us how all recipes are authentic from his mother and grandmother (with some fine tuning from his sous chef to perfect it, as he said).  I also asked him about the name of the place, and he explained that the ME is a combination of his and his wife's first names.  I've never been to a place where the chef showed such a caring interest in his patrons.  For me, it made my dining experience that much better. Overall, the place was amazing and we had a great first experience.  The place can be hard to spot as its tucked away right around the corner of Varick St right off of Christopher Columbus.  We came from the waterfront and had directions, so we were good to go.  If you live anywhere in Jersey City (or frankly, within a 100 mile radius) and ate a foodie, this is a MUST try.  We will definitely be back!
Beef Stew was great! Tasted like a delicious home cooked meal. Chef came out to greet us and have us taste some sample appetizers. Very friendly. The half lit sign outside and souvenir counter (huh?) take my attention away from the great food, but not for too long. A touch of tasteful decorating and this place would be much more attractive and probably frequented more.
Where do I begin!!!?!????!!  ME CASA surpassed every expectation I had! I have been wanting to come to ME Casa for well over a year now after hearing rave reviews from so many of my close friends and Yelp Elites, alike.  For whatever reason, I never made it in.  What can I say but a Girl's got a VERY busy schedule!?!  Anyhow, I reached out to Chef Eddie to help make arrangements for the best time to entertain a large group.  The restaurant is small (32 seats total), so obviously it's not the ideal place to invite more than half as many guests to dine, but keep reading and you will see that it all worked out.  My birthday was a Sunday this year and I wanted just a low key gathering of some of my nearest and dearest.  Chef Eddie was able to accommodate us for an early lunch seating (large groups at dinner are essentially impossible) and my total guest count of 16 fit perfectly along the left side wall of the restaurant.  We gathered at noon for a Puerto Rican feast and my guests all cannot wait to come back here as nobody left without a full belly, a big smile and leftovers to eat the next day.   The food is absolutely incredible!!  I don't know what they put in it, but I'm going to venture to say it has the same addictive results as crack.  Like -for real - I was impressed even from the moment I took that first bite of their awesome complimentary bread.  I'm typing and simultaneously plotting my return on my calendar. So of my friends that were seated nearest to me, I was able to sample ALL of the following:  Empanadas, Chicharron, Bacalaitos, Shrimp Cevice and Mini Mofongos as apps!  How were they??  All superb.  You could probably come here and eat just apps as a group and be super satisfied! For my main dish, I ordered the Pernil Asado (Pulled Roast Pork) which was SO succulent.  Every little shred!  Not like some places where half of it is dry and you don't wanna touch it.  Nope, not here - it was all tender and juicy!  Plus the sauce was delicious, too!!  I even ate the decorative extra crispy fried pork skin that they used as a garnish and that was a piece of heaven in and of itself.  Accompanied with Arroz con gandules (yellow rice & pigeon peas) and maduros (sweet plantain), it was my ideal meal!!  But obvi my tastings did not stop there!  I sampled the Pollo a la brasa, the chuleta frita, the shrimp gumbo and the bistec and those are now just a few of the reasons why I've got to come back again and again!  Even the other side dishes of Yucca and Mixed Salad were better than the usual.  The prices were excellent considering the portions and the fact that it is a BYOB was a hit amongst my guests!!  Even my NYC friends were thrilled to "trek" to Jersey this time around since it is such a short walk from the Grove St. PATH station.  The guys in attendance were able to watch football on the flat screen TV and everything!  Perfect way to spend our Sunday afternoon!!!   I would be remiss to not mention just how great the service was!  Everyone in the kitchen and on the wait staff were incredible - super helpful, pleasant and patient every step of the way!!  If nothing else, I need to come back and thank Eddie himself.  He was not in as it was a Sunday, but he cc'd our head waiter Justin on all of our correspondence during the planning process so that not one detail was missed.  I almost cried when they brought me out some Tres Leches cake (complete with candle) for my birthday!  The moment was so fun and everything I could have asked for! Absolutely a five star affordable, fun and delicious dining experience in Jersey City!
Had a great experience here when visiting friends in Jersey City. ME Casa is a small Puerto Rican restaurant tucked away off Varick Street. // SERVICE // Excellent. The waitress, who was adorable and super sweet, asked if we had been there before. Since half of our party had never been to the establishment, Chef Eddie, the head chef, came out to welcome us. He even remembered those in our party that had been there before and remembered what they ate. He even sent out a free appetizer (shrimp ceviche) for us to try. In addition, I loved how Chef Eddie wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty. He refilled out water glasses, cleared plates, the whole 9 yards. I don't think I have ever seen a chef do that. I believe the backstory is that he use to work on Wall Street, but had a change of heart, went to culinary school, and opened up this restaurant. Watching him putter around the kitchen, you can tell his heart is in this business and he really enjoys what he does which is refreshing to see in this day and age. // FOOD //     + Empanada Sampler (Chicken, beef, and shrimp): First time having shrimp empanadas and they were tasty. All of the meats were well flavored and the skins were thin and crispy     + Shrimp Ceviche: Dense morsels of shrimp mixed with tangy lime and tomato. Our fave part was it was served on top of a sturdy plantain chip that did not crumble after your first bite     + Papas Rellena: Fried potato balls filled with meat. Served with 3 very tasty dipping sauces     + Bistec (Sirloin steak) with caramelized onions: The steak was on the tougher side, but was well flavored and I loved the onions     + Pigeon peas and yellow rice: Reminded me of spanish rice with beans. Very flavorful and tasty     + Gumbo: Served with a generous helping of large shrimp, although there was not much else to the dish besides the soup and rice. Great experience dining here and I would love to come back and try some of their other dishes.
Me Casa is a very small place located at 356 Varick Street in downtown Jersey City. It is a Puerto Rican inspired restaurant featuring authentic Latin restaurant with an intimate /cozy feel. It is a Full Service Puerto Rican restaurant serving lunch and dinner. It came highly recommended so we decided to try it out this past weekend. The restaurant seats about 20 to 25 people and it is a MUST to make reservations before going. We order take out of their: Pasteles: Green Bananas & Plantains Wrapped and filed with chicken & shrimp. Chuletas Frita - Fried Pork chops topped with caramelized onions, garlic & cilantro. We ate the Pasteles as soon as we go home and the Chuletas Frita we at the next day and they were really GOOD. We will make reservations the next time in order to dine in for the full service.
Not the most beautiful from the outside looking in however I was pleasantly surprised how the great food was and wonderful service!  The pork and plantains were delicious!
Good food and since the place is BYOB its very economical. Mixed opinion about some of the food items... But over all a good experience. Its a small cozy place so great for an intimate dinner setting
My opinion won't be popular, but I've got to be honest. Chef Eddie is one of the most approachable and down to earth restaurant owners/chefs, even servers I've ever met. The restaurant is brand new. He works hard and his passion for culinary arts and serving his clients is extremely evident. It's wonderful that he got to fulfill a lifelong dream. I will certainly give this Puerto Rican joint another try, and although the experience of my first time was fabulous, I didn't enjoy the food as much as I would have really liked. My biggest complaint was that there were too many fried items on the appetizers menu. We got the empanada sampler. It was heavy on the bread, less on meat, and the only one I liked was the chicken. The beef and shrimp didn't have enough flavor for me. It was my first time trying Bacalaitos, cod fritters, which I did enjoy, but again fried and greasy. They were tasty, but I have nothing else to compare. The shrimp ceviche con tostones were a disappointment for me. I am a huge fan of ceviche. I've had ceviche from many countries, and my favorite part about it is the intense citric and salt flavor. This ceviche didn't have that at all. The tostones were too thick, too deep fried and that's the taste that overpowered everything. Chef Eddie brought us another app on the house (so kind). It was an ad hoc version of the papas rellena - fried mashed potato balls filled with beef picadillo. The ball itself was flat in flavor, but I did enjoy his choice of topping, a pickle and pork bits mixture. I liked it with his green "money" sauce. I thought maybe it was just that just ordered all the fried items, but another look at the menu shows that 7/8 items on the appetizer menu are deep fried. My jacket and sweater smelled like oil for 2 days. :( I'm saving the last part of my review for the pernil asado, the traditional marinated pork. This was SPECTACULAR. There was a mountain of perfectly soft, stringy, moist pork shreds on a huge plate. We asked for more money sauce to go with it. Pork is a treat for me, as I don't eat it often. I'd come back to have this again, for sure. Yuca with garlic and oil was light and excellent. I would definitley like to return to try his verion of the Puerto Rican staple, Mofongo. I am still learning about Puerto Rican cuisine, so take this review with a grain of salt, but this was my experience. Happy day.
We decided to order for delivery as this was our first time trying out their food.  What a terrible experience!  We ordered the Pollo a la Brasa and had to throw the chicken away.  The flavor was very strange, it left a terrible aster taste and overall, was unsavory.  The rice and beans that accompanied the chicken was okay, but I have tasted better.  Even the delivery was rather messed up!  Won't be trying them again.
I just can't believe this place has an average of 4.5 stars - I'm perplexed! The food was very mediocre.  The garlic bread they brought out was incredibly oily and deep fried.  Our meal was extremely unimpressive in particular my main dish the carne guisada - I love stews but this stew reminded me of a stew that came out of a can... Don't get me wrong - I love to eat but the portion was so huge that it was incredibly unappetizing - a huge pile of stew on a giant plate, I guess they are not really into presentation for their food.   The owner came over 5 times during the meal - I usually really appreciate the owner saying hi and checking in but in this case it was incredibly over the top and overbearing.  Every time he came over he told us about how he left his job in finance after 20 years and how he is risking his family's financial well being for this restaurant.  As much as that is honorable and respectful, the fact that he repeated this 5 times made it sound like he was asking us for mercy or trying to make us feel bad and we felt uncomfortable.  Between that and the food, we won't be coming back.
My gf and I saw the reviews online and decided to give it a shot.  Like others on here have said its easy to pass by, we actually had to roll passed it to verify that it was open. Very glad we did that slow roll! The food was great and the service was fantastic.  Highly recommend giving this place a shot, you cant leave dissatisfied...you just cant! (really, its not possible) P,S- the owner/chef was very friendly and explained that the front will be better lit eventually, but in the meantime we are going to enjoy this place while it still remains a hidden gem (before they put a big flashy sign out-front and the people come in droves :) )
The owner/chef is so nice, the food is delicious, the portions are big, and it's BYOB..... it couldn't get much better. Try the mofongo.
There is nothing better than supporting a great local spot with a feel good story. The owner/chef Eddie is a genuinely nice guy who pursued a career change with a dream to open ME Casa. First things first, grab some wine on the way over.  As soon as your greeted, they put the pan de ajo on the table, and it is unbelievable. The bread tastes like garlic and butter basted on slices of bread and baked at a low temperature, it is amazing!!! I have been to ME Casa around 5 times and I can say that I have really enjoyed the meal each time. On my 5th most recent visit, the server delivered 3 plates of another tables food to ours by accident. Some of my friends began picking at their dishes while the rest of us waited for ours. After about two minutes, Eddie came out and explained the situation, he told us to share whatever was on the table while he cooked all of our meals again. It took around 30 minutes, but he made all of our food again and it ended up being great. Eddie continued to apologize, and comped one of the entrees from our check. Every time I visit ME Casa, I like to try something new, and I haven't been let down yet.  Definitely going to continue frequenting this fine JC establishment.
My boyfriend is from Puerto Rico as is my mom's family, and it is so difficult to find Puerto Rico food - let alone well made Puerto Rican food. Walking up to this small restaurant, we were welcomed by a sign with a coqui drinking rum. It was adorable! We were welcomed by one of the nicest waitresses and within minutes head chef and owner Eddie stopped by our table to greet us. He spoke with such passion about his food and his love for Puerto Rican culture. He sent some shrimp ceviche - the flavors danced on my tongue. We ordered the bacalitos for an app. For those of you who don't know this is, it is a pancake shaped fritter with pieces of dried cod fish in it. It is rare to find it done well in a restaurant. These hit any bacalaito I have ever had out of the park. They were light and airy, not too greasy, and really packed a bacalao flavor without. The sauce that accompanied it just elevated the dish. For dinner, we went halfies - we got the pernil (roast pork) with tostones and the shrimp mofongo with arroz con gandules. O.M.G! WOW!!! The pork was perfectly seasoned and moist and was decorated with the crispy pork skin. The mofongo was exactly what mofongo should be and the shrimp melted in your mouth. The arroz con gandules was amazing and the sauce for the tostones was even better than my favorite condiment - mayoketchup. Eddie stopped by our table again and we talked about the culinary scene of Puerto Rican food and how as a culture we have not put our best forward in terms of food. Eddie loves this place and loves  his food - you can feel it and  taste it. If you have not had Puerto Rican food yet don't be scared or turned off. It is a culinary experience like none other. You will die and go to heaven over the flavor profiles, the unique ingredient combinations, and the soul of Puerto Rico.
A little corner hidden gem in Jersey City. This puertorrican restaurant packs flavourful of food from the island, the service is without a doubt a very attentive staff including chef Eddie who stopped by the table to greet and get an input about the taste of food. Salsa and Boleros ( romantic ) music playing adds to the atmosphere. The only thing I strongly feel this establishment needs is decoration because is portrayed as a mid-upscaple deco, it's missing all a traditional place representing Puerto Rico has like flags; coquí;  pictures of the island; musical instruments among others. For this reason is 4 stars. I still recommend to visit.
I love this place! You can't go wrong here!
Had dinner there last night with a couple of my cousins on one of our "family dates" to catch up and had the best meal.  Food was so delicious that we just kept talking about the dishes and flavors the entire night--barely any time to catch up!  We went to Puerto Rico last summer and enjoyed the food, but ME Casa's food is definitely better than anything we tasted IN PR!  Definitely try the mini mofongos- you will not be disappointed. Eddie, the owner, was so warm and engaging.  He stopped by to check on us and bring us over a complimentary app. Love him! Can't believe I've been living around the corner all this time and only stopped in last night.  I'm already planning another visit next week with my husband:)
Delicious and a delightful! Everyone talks about their food. Which was great, but what really takes the experience over the top is their chef. He came out to speak to us. Above and beyond is really the only way to rate Me Casa. Bring your friends and family. You won't be disappointed.
Went here on a Friday night around 7 and there weren't too many people in there that night. The place looks closed if you are driving by because its dimly lit but yeah no they are open. OK so on to the food. I ordered the mofongo with pollo guisado and my wife ordered the pork chop. First let me talk about the pork chop, it was very basic, nothing special nothing to write about and overall you might want to pass on this one. OK what you don't want to pass on is the MOFONGO. I had the mind to call my mama and have some choice words with her, considering the quality of mofongo she's been feeding me all these years. See I scoured Puerto Rico last year looking for a great mofongo and who would have thought that it was in my own city all along (albeit not yet open for business) . I implore you to get the mofongo with the pollo guisado, if not I'll be here to tell you I told you so. My wife had the arroz con ganduels and the the maduro to which they were normal fare. That's all I had. So what makes this place special? For starters, the mofongo but secondly Chef Eddie came out and talked to us for a bit and I can't stress how important that is. To know and meet the person preparing your food is an integral part to the occasion and one that takes this place up a notch. I hope that the boisterous Chef Eddie continues his friendly and inviting demeanor with patrons and continues to take pride in his meal and greets everyone. Lastly, its rare that you find a Puerto Rican restaurant producing high quality food, in a friendly and inviting atmosphere. The run of the mill Puerto Rican spots are a dime a dozen but this takes that cuisine and shines a spotlight on it. FYI its BYOB and I brought my eight year old and 4 month along for the ride and everything went very well. I will be going back soon to sample other items on the menu.
Hey Chef Eddie! I work at the Wall St firm you left to pursue your dream ...and lets just say.. I'm very happy you did.. One of your wonderful/previous coworkers sent me the menu this morning and I was sold! I ordered the Pernil with White Rice and Red Beans...and Empanadas (Chicken /Beef).. The fact that you are giving us an amazing lunch special/deal for $9.99 along with a beverage - and delivering to us from Jersey City? -----  is a feat in itself.... The presentation was very appetizing!. Rice was cooked perfectly... Red Bean stew was on point!!!  Pernil was so flavourful - but a little dry.. scoop some of the yummy.. fatty juices on top for me next time please.... I don't diet when it comes to my Latin food.. :) Empanadas - DELISH! The chicken was my fav.... I could taste the seasonings....and I was very.. very pleased.....even at room temperature.. it was divine... I could have eaten 5.... seriously.... I have left over Pernil...and I can't wait to eat it ... As soon as I make room in my belly....  :) I applaud you for leaving our hum drum corporate/finance world - and opening your own restaurant!... I'm SOLD..... Will definitely be ordering some more lunch specials from you!! Felicidades on a job WELL DONE!
This place just gets better and better and better. Eddie Cotto, his wife, his son and his staff  are just lovely people. The cuisine is absolutely delicious.  They treat everyone like family. There is lot of love in the food  and lots of lightheartedness and satisfied consumers throughout the warm dining space.  Music is traditional Latin  and  happy with the addition of desserts.Looking.  forward to the expresso service down the road.  I love going to ME CASA and you will too!
Nice cozy spot very nice owner/chef Found this place by chance last year on my yelp phone app and went.  Forgot to update this to a real review so i will try now.  I haven't been back since i don't go to jersey city to often but hopefully it still as good as i remember. I walked in pretty early for the dinner rush so i was the only one there.  The chef/owner treated me as if i was the NY Times food critic.  Since it  was my first time there he made me a special little treat that was soo yummy. the nice touch was he asked about any allergies or dislike to foods  before making it. I had the alcapurrias as an appetizer and man those were good and the portion is almost a meal. If i remember correctly there were 3 in total and they were cut in half so it felt like 6. For the entree i ordered the Mofongo with beef and white rice and man was that good but after eating the treat he made, plus the appetizer the entree was almost too much to eat. This was definitely a puertorican spot, they fed you like you never ate before. The food was good and as i write this I can only think dammit I need to go back.
I love being able to discover and support local restaurants. Service was great - didn't expect to get refills on my lemonade which was a nice bonus. Had the 3 Empanadas and Papas Rellena which were both excellent. I was already quite full at this point...we'd ordered the chicken and roast pork house specialties, both were tasty and the amount of pork was huuuuuuge. I'd actually advise them to give less meat because I probably have enough for another meal and I also didn't have room for dessert at this point. As others have mentioned, Eddie came out of the kitchen (even on this busy Friday eve) to greet us and say hello. Was really great to see someone do something they truly enjoy. Will be back!
one word - HORRIBLE. They only have ONE ingredient - garlic powder - which has a horrible garlic powder taste. without the garlic powder, tasteless.  Diner food is better than this! ME CASA has no right to consider themselves serving good food because they do not.   We ordered chicken in garlic - it came as big breast chunks smothered in garlic soup and was inedible. Exchange it for their beef steak - smothered in garlic and onion soup (tasted just like the chicken thingy), which was also inedible. Wasted my money and time during Valentine's dinner. Owner/host was friendly and wonderful - so, he would make a great hang buddy at some pub, but I will not go back and eat their food unless they change the recipe or chef.
ME Casa is excellent. Eddie (owner and chef) is so friendly and truly wants you to enjoy your food. My favorites are the pernil asada and pollo a la brasa. Ask for the au jus sauce with the pernil, adds more flavor and juiciness. The fried bread which comes before the meal is dangerously delicious.
It's a rare find a restaurant where you can meet a chef/owner that has so much passion for food that he is beaming out in every direction. This is what you get when you walk into ME Casa. You actually feel like you're walking into a friend's house (someone who spent all day cleaning up the place and getting ready for a great dinner party!) and they've got something really special for you. When Eddie makes his rounds talking to everyone, you really feel his excitement in creating great Puerto Rican inspired food and sharing his newest creations. My favorites so far are the chicken empenadas (not too oily, great seasoning, and generous in meatiness!), shrimp ceviche, and the pan seared tilapia. Get the mango salsa but save some for the rest of us! It's so damn good, I could put it on everything. Beware, portions are made for giants. Mere mortals like us may not be able to handle all the awesomeness. Happy eating!
Excellente!! Found me casa while heading back to NYC from jersey and even though I live way uptown in NYC I'll come back for sure! Cute date place, byob, the empanadas were perfectly crispy without being greasy, the sauces were awesome. The roast chicken had great flavor and the sweet plantains were the best I've had. The staff was very nice and friendly as well and Eddie the chef came out and talked with almost every table!
Sometimes Yelp reviews don't offer a lot of value - stop reviewing McDonald's, people! However, there ARE times when I really appreciate Yelp and my meal at Me Casa led to one of them. I had a late lunch on a Wed. and I was the only person in the restaurant. Eddie the Chef/Owner came out to greet me and when I told him I'd found his establishment on Yelp - BAM - out comes a complimentary tasting of his shrimp ceviche. I asked the waiter for a sandwich recommendation and he suggested the El Pollito on the fried plantain. Holy cow was it delicious. It had just the right amount of heat along with rich and flavorful rotisserie chicken. The plantain was a fantastic touch, very unique. Everything was clearly very fresh and it was awesome to see an owner who takes such pride and a hands-on attitude towards his guest's experience. It's not a coincidence that so many reviewers mention Eddie. He's incredibly engaged. I'm only in town for 2 more days but I plan to eat here at least one more time before I leave beautiful Jersey City...cough...
Some of the best Monfongo I have had.  comparable if not better than a few places I tried in San Juan! Worth a visit
This is by far the best place to take your family friends etc... Great service Great Chief. Just by looking at the photos I had a good sensation about this place. Thank you guy for sharing your experiences here. It really felt like home.
I ordered from here for lunch on Friday and after a review I read on nj.com about this place being a hidden gem I decided to try it out. I am Puerto Rican and I think I make better food I only got the yellow rice with pigeon peas (arroz gandules) and pernil (pork) with papa rellana (potato ball with mash potatoes and meat inside) and I must say I was disappointed the rice was hard and I ordered at 11:30 am when they first opened and the potato balls for $5 I expected one big one but the two tiny ones I got were no better. Not sure if I will ever check anything else out from there, but I know they went under new management when it used to be Hernandez it was a lot better.
Warmly greeted upon entering this below ground dwelling with Spanish music in the back ground and one large flat screen TV.  Eddie the owner is a class act and goes out of his way to make you happy. The service is spot on. Quaint, seats between 25 & 30 so call for reservations during prime times. . Lunch was Empanada 2 for $5 yummy chicken, shrimp or beef, as a yelper they gave me all  3 with the 3 dipping  sauces along with amazing deep fried garlic bread (garlic seems to be the theme here)  (my favorite was the shrimp which is about as good as it gets).  Mofongo (the house specialty)  for $13 is green smashed up plantains shaped into a cup to support the tender beef, garlic, cilantro, squash, portabello mushrooms, onion mix with juicy sauce to be absorbed. Rice and beans cooked perfectly.  It was quite tasty, but I'd prefer more beef and less plantain.  Unfortunately hours later I burped up garlic several times, they definitely over do the garlic which caused for a lower rating from 4 to 3. Free soda refills. All an all it was a pleasurable dining experience and I'd come back to try another less heavy garlic dish. BYOB bonus, which is great for date night!
I don't  know Spanish...but I know what I like. Just kidding, I know conversational Spanish and just wanted to start this off with some witty comment. Probably should have saved it for a Polish restaurant. But I digress! Hurricane Sandy spared this place from her wrath so that you could eat here. Made an impromptu reservation and walked into a dimly lit nest of  cozy awesomeness. The waitress was really nice and looked like Stacey Dash. If you go there and disagree afterwards, you can call me clueless. The chef was really nice also and talented. He came out and talked with us and gave us some tasty treats. He was like an artist who used food instead of acrylic...plates instead of a canvas. Like I said...really talented.  The empanadas were unlike anything I have ever had. They looked different for one...and usually, when I come across them, all empanadas look the same. So right then and there I knew they were gonna be deleciouso. Ok, ok...that's judging a book by its cover...but it turns out that I was correct in assuming that this would be quite the page turner. We got the trio and MAN we shoulda ordered it 3 more times. Chicken was good. Beef was good. We did not have the shrimp...I usually don't eat shrimp unless it's wrapped in rice and seaweed, but I am willing to trust these guys. Main course: Pollo boracho. I got it with pigeon peas and yellow rice. You got this review with saliva cuz I can't stop salivating while thinking about what I ordered. And the leftovers are in the fridge. You know what...I'm not even gonna be able to finish this review...I need to go finish those leftovers. kthnxbi P.S: Happy Thanksgiving!
My group enjoyed ourselves a lovely authentic Latin American meal at ME Casa in Jersey City.  They're very close to public transportation options (about 5-minute walk from PATH).  Don't blink or you'll miss this little hole-in-the-wall.  Minimally decorated and tight-spaced, I really wasn't expecting much from ME Casa, but I was pleasantly surprised by their good food, attentive servers and they fulfiled  their promise to make you feel like you are dining @ their home. Regardless of how busy they are, their level of attentive service does not waver.  The space is small, but feels very homey and cozy.  They only have about 6-8 tables throughout their entire restaurant (max capacity per table is probably 8).   I sampled a big variety of food at ME Casa so I'm just going to give short grades of each dish below.  Basically, everything is good, the kitchen is very consistent in putting amazingly-flavored dishes out on each of the tables, but there were some definite stand-outs that just exploded with flavor.   Appetizers: Mini Mofongos - A+ Bacalaitos - B (but request the spicy sauce that's on the side, it's amazing on its own) Chicharrones de Pollo - A+ Empanada Sampler - B+ Entrée: Bistec - A+ Filete de Tilapia - B+ Sides: Arroz con Gandules - A+ Arroz Bianco con Habichuelas Guisada - B+ Yuca con Mojito - A Be prepared to wait a little because the food is prepped to order, but it is extremely well worth it.  Their pricing is really good considering the quality of food the portions you get.  ME Casa is highly recommended if you're in search of good 'ol Latin American eats!
We went to ME Casa on recommendation from some of our good friends. We were told that the owner Eddie is normally at the restaurant and he makes the dining experience so much nicer. So we asked for Eddie and he made sure that we enjoyed our dinner that night. The food is home style puerto rican food and all the items that we tried were fresh and super tasty. He started us off with complimentary appetizers - something that wasnt on the menu. We ordered the mini mofongos to start - three garlic mashed plantain cups filled with shrimp, chicken and beef. Super delish and a must try! For the entrees we ordered the house specialities - roast pork and the rotisserie chicken. The food was plenty for 4 people. We enjoyed everything that we ordered and will be back to try the other dishes soon!
ju gonna love it!!! small cozy goodness home cookin BYOB. Finally somewhere close by to fulfill my Arroz dreams without having to listen to mis abuelos talk smack about 'when they were my age'. Or i could just cook myself, but why do that when this place so conveniently fries, sautees, bakes, and cooks it all up to perfection and i dont have to do the dishes after. Gracias
ME Casa is the real deal and has really great dishes. Growing up in Union City I sometimes got to question Hispanic dishes that I eat a certain places. They tend to be over priced and for the same quality I would get in the hidden restaurants of Bergenline. But Me Casa is legit. It's BYOB just an FYI. Luckily I don't live that far and was able to get a bottle. They also have a liquor store across the street. The Empanda sampler is better than the empanada's you get at the truck near Grove St. Great great quality for sure. I had the Mofongo Al Pilon which was the best thing I had. The awesome smell hit my nostrils so hard probably harder than Chuck Norris would've done. I wanted to take more and more sniffs like I was a happy dog. It tasted like tender beef stew with great spices with a garlicky sensation and the plantains volcano that the beef was on top of was Da BOMB. The taste was nothing like I've had before and it won't be my last. On top of that you get a side order of rice with beans. This reminded me of how much I missed living in Union City and I am glad this place is right next to me. Oh snap what?! They deliver also! Hell Yeah! I can be a fatty in my living room with no regrets! After dinner, Chef Eddie personally came to our table and greeted us about the wonderful pieces of art his staff laid down for us. Awesome dude. Cool place. Nothing but good times. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.
Excellent food and even better service! Being from Puerto Rico, I thought it would be a lot easier to find good Puerto Rican food in New York... boy was I wrong. Then I found ME Casa...oh I wish I had done so sooner! Came in thinking it was a low-key restaurant but walked inside and was pleasantly surprised at the upscale look. Tried the pernil, the mofongo, the bacalaitos, and a few other things. I have high expectations, particularly when it comes to these dishes and I must admit I loved everything. My experience got even better when the chef/owner came out to talk to us and returned several times throughout the night. We talked about his background, how he became a chef, some of the challenges, etc etc etc. It was really excellent service and a fantastic experience. If you are looking for great Puerto Rican food, then look no further. If you've never really had Puerto Rican food - do yourself a favor, go here! Oh and you have to try 2 things: the pernil (pork), and the monfogo (it'll change your life)! Buen provecho!
Outstanding food and service.  We went here last weekend with another couple and had a great time.  The place is small, but comfortable and the food is some of the best we have had in JC.  The talapia with mango salsa is really good, and so are the pork slider things.  My only criticism would be that there are not enough veg/fish options. Definitely give this place a try.
I have to try every dish on MeCasa's menu!!!   The owner came to us and he could not have been any nicer!  I was very surprised at the one on one treatment we received.  VERY friendly staff and owner.  Food was delicious (look at posted pictures).  There is not a doubt in my mind I will be going back to this restaurant.  I super happy I found this "hidden" gem!!!! *BYOB !!!!!
What can I say about this place that probably hasn't already been said I'm guessing based on the overall stars (4.5!!, with 172 votes so far? WOW). My experience of eating here is from a newbie's perspective... new to both NJ and to Puerto Rican food as well.  And these guys made my first intro to both the NJ food seen and the PR style cuisine a positive and memorable one.   The folks there are super nice and accommodative (more on that later).  I told them that we were new and they walked us through the entire PR style of food include what's most popular as well as what's authentic.  I'd suggest you do the same if you're like us and aren't familiar. The place is VERY intimate.  On this visit it looks like they were set up for 7 parties only (one having like 3 tables)... with a small place like this they were able to squeeze our  party of 4 in as a walk-in which was really nice seeing how we were in a bit of a bind food wise AND not knowing our way around this neighborhood.   About the food:  A lot of their dishes (and I'm guessing PR cuisine in general), other than the appetizers, are of the stewing variety that's been simmering in the back for hours I'm guessing.  So as you can imagine most of the stews are made well in advance and reheated or simply plated just before serving - but I wouldn't view that as a negative in any way since it wouldn't taste like a "stew" otherwise right? I don't have anything to compare the flavors and authenticity with but suffice it to say that I was left satisfied with our selections (we opted to go with everything he suggested that was a) authentic, and b) popular with the folks who go here regularly, seeing how it was like our last few hours before leaving NJ - like forever - God knows when we'll ever be back to NJ in order to enjoy this place again).  The portions ARE as he told us, large portions, and it didn't help that we had 3 appetizers.   And price wise... I don't recall it being out of the ordinarily low nor high so I must have been happy with it. One last note, they have this homemade (which is another way of saying not authentic) sauce that's basically their take on Ketchup... If you get a chance to select the various sauces they have, I'd definitely go with this one - they even bottle it for sale... (I think they call it "The Hulk", even though it's not green).
ME Casa is a great restaurant to take family, friends, or a date. I used to live right across the street and go there all the time. There is the right amount of variety on the menu and everything tastes great! The portions are big and It's a byob. Having tried a bunch of different entrees, my favorite would have to be the chileta fritas. Great quality food, fair prices, and all around great atmosphere!!
ME Casa is one of the finest Puerto Rican cuisine restaurants in Jersey City.  It offers a cozy and casual setting and has a good menu.  ME Casa Restaurant is the on the upper end when it comes to Puerto Rican restaurants in JC.  I would say that the food is of very good quality 98% of the time but I did have one below average meal there once.  Every other time the food has been great.   The food is seasoned really well, which is the hardest thing to find in JC when it comes to Latino food.  ME Casa still has room for improvement but it is definitely one of the top three best restaurants in JC.
Shrimp Mofongo was too salty. Service was good but the servers were almost too friendly.
One of the few times that I have to agree with the fellow yelpers and say this place was great! Everything was great from the service to the food, most importantly the food. I came here with my friend for our monthly catch up dinner and we ordered the empanada sampler, the mofongo sampler and the chicharron de pollo. Mmmm, mmmm, and mmmm. My favorite were the empanadas, flaky, savory goodness. The owner also brought us a free appetizer of sweet plantains with the center scooped out so it was shaped like a canoe and in that void he filled it with roast pork, provalone, cheddar, and chicharron. It was a appetizer that the owner/chef, Eddie, was toying with and it was so good. For the entree we both ordered the chuletas fritas with arroz y gondules. It was also great although a little too garlic-y for me. I love garlic but it was a bit overpowering, which is why I didn't give this place 5 stars. I was just on garlic overload. Moral of the story, this is a great restaurant and the owner really cares about the enjoyment of the customer. However if you're one of those people that reek of garlic when you eat it like me, come here with someone who will love you regardless because as soon as I walked through the door, the BF said "Damn woman, how much garlic did you eat??" Oh and it's BYOB. Also, if you don't come here you'll get a pao pao. TU QUERO PAO PAO?!?! lol
Found this place on yelp and tried it out on a Friday night for a quick dinner with a friend before going out for drinks.  We just ordered a few appetizers and split an entree as we were short on time, and didnt want to be full before going out boozin.   The place is tiny, no frills.  Definitely easy to walk right by and miss it.  There are about 10 tables, most of them two tops.  We walked in at 8:30 and seated right away, the place was about 75% full. I brought in two bottles of wine, as the place is a BYOB.   Each table gets an order of garlic bread to start, and I dare you to not finish the basket, it's so good.  We ordered one of each empanada, chicken, beef and shrimp.  All 3 were great, and the spicy garlic dipping sauce was amazing.  Also got an order of acapulias which were delicious as well.  I tried the Pernil Asada, and definitely recommend it.  Portion was large, definitely sharable.   As a nice touch at the end, the chef/owner walked around and talked to each table for a few minutes.  Gave us a little of his background, and talked about the food.  Very nice guy. Overall, great experience.  Food was amazing, prices were great.  Staff was super friendly and attentive.  Everything we tried was great, definitely going back to try everything else on the menu.
Been here once for dine in and another time for pick up, both experiences were great.  The staff was super nice and like many other reviewers have stated the chef/owner Eddie came out and chatted us up a bit after our meal.  You could really tell how passionate he was about his restaurant and it's EXTREMELY evident when you taste these dishes.  I definitely recommend the empanada sampler, the pernil, the mofongo, and the shrimp gumbo.  ALL were delicious and had great presentation.  JC is filled with Puerto Rican take-out restaurants (some great and some not-so-great), but it's great to eat at a nice dine-in place, especially one as great for date nights as this one is.  Definitely my new go-to for PR cuisine.
Went here on a suggestion from a friend after being turned down at another restaurant.  Wanting fish, we weren't completely sold on latin food, but once we set foot inside we were sold.  The music grabbed us first, not too loud, it fit perfectly to the mood and theme of the place. Inside, it is small, but comfortable. The tables are organized in a way that you do not feel crammed or lonely.  It is just the right fit, which I believe is hard in a space such as this.   The prices seemed about normal JC/NYC range, which is a always a bit high for me, but after receiving the entrees, I was felt better with what I was spending based on the portion size; I bough dinner AND lunch for the next day from this place. Finally, this service here is superb.  Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive, and the chef was really friendly and welcoming. This place is destined to be a Jersey City classic.
Friendly staff and Chef Eddie works his restaurant well, meeting patrons and making sure all are satisfied. The food is delish but I think the prices are on the high end. I would prefer more non-fried options. For example, I personally don't want to start my meal by snacking on fried garlic bread. Garlic bread by itself is already so fattening, why fry it? I found it inedible. I felt my pimples popping out when I just looked at it!
DELICIOUS. First of all, the restaurant itself is very cute and cozy. The ambiance is very romantic-like although there didn't seem to be too many couples, mostly families and big groups. The owner/chef comes and greets all the customers and makes the experience very personal. The Chicharron de Pollo is AMAZING. It comes with the verde sauce and it is so good! I would definitely keep coming back for the chicken bites!! The group I went with all ordered something from the In-House Specialties part of the menu, which consists of 3 items. Pernil Asado, Pollo a la Brasa, and the Mofongo al Pilon. And it was ALL delicious!!!! My favorite is the Pernil. I have never had Pernil before and apparently, the person I went with said it was the best he had ever tasted!!! It was definitely delicious. I would love to come back next time I'm in town!
A new and welcome addition to the neighborhood.  This Latin/Puerto Rican fusion, BYOB restaurant serves classic dishes with modern flare (and in HUGE portions).  I've only had a few items, so I can't comment on the whole menu, but the shrimp dishes are well prepared and bursting with flavor. The 1 star subtraction is because the ventilation in the restaurant is awful.  It's been 1 week since we visited, and my jacket still smells like the kitchen.
Great food and the owner came out to check on us offering us a new appetizer being added to the menu.  Very cute place.  I hope it does well and keeps its doors open for jersey city in the long run.  Definitely try it out.  This place is BYOB which is even better!!  Thanks eddy food was excellent and we will be back!
Good, but not 5 stars. The salted cod was good, but not great. I tried my partner's shrimp gumbo and it was the highlight of the meal. I had the tilapia with mango salsa -- the portion was HUGE...like at least a pound of fish, but I wish they had used a higher quality type of white fish and/or better seasoning. The friend plantains that came with my entrée were inedible -- hard as rocks. I would try it again but make sure you arrive at your reservation time on the dot. They claim they give you a 10 minute grace period but we saw a walk in seated one minute before a scheduled diner came in.
After reading reviews on yelp I made it my business to visit Mi Casa.  As soon as I walked in I knew the food would be outstanding.  It smelled like my family home.  We double dated and  we are all foodies. The food was outstanding.  The food presentation was impressive.  The service was excellent.  I left waddling up the two steps because I was so full. and happy!  GO GO GO... you'll love this place.  Eddie the owner is a great host and very humble.  We will be back.  Very reasonably priced.  Don't forget BYOB!
From the moment we entered until we left, the service was exceptional.  This is a small restaurant with a big heart.  Everything on the menu was tempting which made it extremely hard for us to make a choice.   Joel, our waiter, was very good explaining the options.  The food was not only delicious but it was extremely hot when it arrived at our table.  Portions were ample and we had the luxury of taking some home.  The dessert, while simple, was from a local baker and pleasing to the last bite.  The overall environment was charming. It was especially nice when the chef and owner, Eddie, came out and chatted with all the guest.  The price was a bargain considering the quality of food, the taste, and the portions.  Everything about the place was right. Definitely a place for an excellent dinner.
Absolutely delicious & wonderful experience!! Friendliest staff you'll ever meet, and the pricing is great! I highly recommend starting out with the empanadas and the awesome mystery sauce. You will not regret trying this place!
We don't do lines and ME Casa is the perfect example of why!  We started out the evening with the intention of eating at Thirty Acres, but once we were told the wait was an hour and a half, we pulled out the iPhone, started up the Yelp app, and found ME Casa, a short block away.  What a stellar find!!!  Plus, its a BYOB!! We started with the banging empanada trio, then had pernil asado and the tilapia as our main entrees.  Our sides included Pigeon Peas and Yellow Rice, Sweet Yellow Plantains, and Yuca with Garlic and Oil.  The serving sizes were plentiful, so much so that we even ordered extra Pigeon Peas and Yellow Rice to accompany our dinner leftovers (that we will be eating  for lunch in just a few, short hours!).  Everything we ordered was fresh, full of taste, and delicious.   Oh, how could I forget!?!?!  The Aji Verde "Money" sauce is amazing.  We were so happy to learn that they even sell take home bottles of the "Money!"   Eddie, the chef/owner, is the man!  He took the time to visit each and every table in between cooking high quality food.  His passion for his food is clearly evident and his friendliness alone is enough of a reason to go back!! I don't post many Yelp reviews, but the ME Casa food, staff, and owner are all well deserving of another overwhelmingly positive review!
Very small cute place. This is the first time I've tried Puerto Rican food so I don't have anything to compare this place to but I wasn't really impressed with the food. I got the mofongo with shrimp and it was too garlic-y for my taste. The dish would have been better if it wasn't overpowered by garlic. I wish I just tried the mini mofongo. The entree size was huge.. I did like the shrimp ceviche appetizer that I got. That was very good!
This place is a gem. I have been looking for something like this in JC. Food is awesome. The accapurrias are to die for not greasy n dry like other places. Pernil is juicy and seasoned well. Portions are very large. Owner & executive chef Eddie is wonderful. He greets each guest and personally brings the food to your table. I look forward to returning. This is my new fav place. Thank you Eddie for a great experience.
This is my new favorite place. The service is great and the food is delicious. So authentic just like Abuela makes. We drive 30 minutes just to eat here. Highly recommend!!! The mofongo trio appetizer is delicious as well as the cerdo sliders. For dinner, the pernil is tender and seasoned so well. I had a taste of my husband's bisteck encebollada and it was delicious as well. I've had a sampling of some of the other dishes and they're all great. The best part is the service. From Chef Eddie making you feel as though he's known you for years to the rest of the wait staff who are all so sweet, this gem of a restaurant should do well for years to come. I only wish I lived closer to Jersey City so I could go more often. Love love love Me Casa!!!!!
Me Casa is great, it feels like dropping in a friend's house to have homemade latin food. Eddie (the chef) is increadibly attentive and loves his restaurant very much, he will make you feel at home. The food portions are very very generous, so expect to have leftovers!
Food was very good, although a tad greasy.  Service was fantastic. Portions are big and prices are reasonable. I will be back.
