My favorite park in Rochester and another Olmstead park. The Lilac Festival is one of the best events in town each year when it isn't rained out. The collection of lilacs is fantastic and colorful. The Werner Castle is a great place to take wedding photos. The bowl is a nice place to view concerts and other shows.
How do they get all the lilacs to bloom at the same time?!? Probably it's a miracle- this place is certainly holy.  The flowers and trees make it truly stunning in the summer. Paths for a nice run.  Hills for a good workout.  There are lots of cute dog sightings. Home to the Lilac Festival where last year I saw The Spin Doctors (!) There's nothing wrong with this park I just removed a star because I can IMAGINE a more beautiful, interesting, varied, park in my mind.
Take in nature's beauty; educate yourself while strolling through the Vietnam War memorial; take a jog through the hills; be a kid again and ride on the swings in the playground; attend the Lilac festival held every May; have a picnic; walk through the conservatory; watch the sunset over the reservoir; gaze at the stars while on the wooden swing; take pictures at the historic castle and surrounding gardens; cool out and enjoy a summer concert at the outdoor amphitheater.  Highland Park is versatile, peaceful, and beautiful.  It's one of the smaller parks that is located in the South Wedge area of the city, but we know that good things do come in small packages.
Pretty good park. The only way it could be better is if it had some interesting trails or a place to play a game of soccer.
Though we missed the May Lilac festival, there were some still in bloom w other flowers in bloom. It was a nice stroll through the woodsy park and interesting to walk thru Mt Hope Cemetary across the street where susan b anthony and frederick douglas were buried. Warner Castle is a small mansion built late 1800s/1900a and still well maintained w public entry on some days. However all the rooms inside are now offices w an extensive horticulture library open to the public. best thing was the french wallpaper. Spent 15 mins here.
One of my favorite parks in Rochester for many reasons. First, the park serves as the long standing location of the Lilac Festival, one of Rochester's greatest festivals. Second, it's where I spent many childhood weekends biking, hiking, sledding, ice skating, you name it. Third, the flora and fauna. Just plain beautiful. You feel happier walking through the winding paths. It's such an expansive park that I still find myself discovering new spots. I highly recommend it for picnics or just an excuse to get outside. The Lamberton Conservatory is pretty cool too. $3 entry for adults (kids under 5 free, I think). Partake in a fun challenge to find the turtles and quail hanging around. Even if you don't feel like wandering through the conservatory, it's worth a visit to see the map of plant-life in and around the park. I never realized how many varieties existed there until I saw them represented on the map. The best, of course, is to seek them out when you're milling around. It's such a beautiful place. It's a must to visit every year in the beginning of spring when everything starts to sprout. Then there's the Highland Bowl - a great outdoor concert location. I went last year for Wilco and am hoping for more great shows like that one. No bad views of the stage from the grass.
Highland Park is the perfect park for a gorgeous and relaxing afternoon.  I am always astonished at the number of people who are there simply to smell the flowers. This is not your typical park in any way.  It has a sort of wacky layout (there are three blocks of park that basically sit kitty-corner to each other, with hospital and neighborhoods in between).  But the treasures you can find are simply spectacular.  There's a secret back entrance through woods on a dead-end road, sunken castle-like gardens that are quite popular for engagement photos (may have a few myself), a large outdoor stage for Shakespeare in the Park, a giant Japanese tree with branches umbrella-ing upward and around to the ground to create a magical room, a skating pond in wintertime, several memorials, a flower conservatory (indoor, requires small admission price), a central valley where many dogs roam free (technically, they need to be leashed), several lookout points with spectacular views, and a tree trunk that can fit a person and a half in a woody arch.   The groundskeepers have their work cut out for them -- and they do a spectacular job.  The beauty and variety of the trees and flowers is breathtaking.  Spring is my favorite season in Highland -- first, magnolia row; second, the fragrant hillside of lilacs and also the intricate tulip and pansy beds; third, the beautiful multicolored bushes lining the long stepped entrance on Goodman.   Outside of the Lilac Fest (which deserves its own review), I recommend Highland for one to five people; there are no party pavilions or playgrounds.  Leave the Frisbee and the soccer ball at home; there are a few places you could play catch, but Rochester's other parks are much better suited to these activities.  Highland is a place for picnics, for reading, for cuddling, and for strolling along beautiful winding paths for hours.
This is a great park for an inside a city park. It is a great walking and sitting around (pick-nick on a blanket) park and can make a nice escape from the city. When the weather is nice and crowds are low, particularly during the week, it is good space to escape to. A great asset to the neighborhood. Designed by Frederick Law Olmsted, olmsted.org
I love Highland Park for so many reasons, but today it was for the Lamberton Conservatory.  It was exactly what I needed today! Winter has bee hanging on long enough this March, and I am starting to get antsy.  I want to be outside and warm.  A stroll through the conservatory with a good friend and a cup of tea was the perfect solution! $3.00 for adults to get in.  You could spend hours reading a book or talking with a friend.  Or you could people watch.  You never know who you'll bump into.  My friend and I actually ran into two people knew from high school - and it was a treat to see them! I love that there are quail running around in the tropical room, and there are lots of turtles basking in the sun.  It makes for an ever more interesting trip.  We sat for a while in the main room, drinking tea, and just being warm.  It was SO nice.  The desert room is great too if you need some dry heat! I really need to remember to get over here more often during the winters for a good does of oxygen and warmth to lift me out of the winter doldrums.
Lilac Festival & greenhouse were breathtaking this season
Highland Park is home to the Lilac Festival, of course. And everyone should see the lilacs at least once - truly stunning! But it is so much more. Lovely rolling grounds (designed by Frederick Law Olmstead) with manicured areas and "wild" areas. Beautiful vistas abound. Two areas not to miss - the Greenhouse (off South Ave.) and the walk through the rhododendrons and azaleas. The tulip bed adjacent to the greenhouse holds special memories. Every year, my grandpa would take our pictures around those tulips. The Festival has become more of a big deal over the years, but the lilacs and the park itself are still the main draw for me!
I've only been to conservatory, but it is a nice tiny getaway. The quail living in the plants in the main room was a great feature. Only 3 bucks too!
Highland park is an ok park but it is rarely visited outside of the Lilac Festival and Wedding photos. When you think of a park what are you looking for. There is one or two trails so you can't really go hiking. There is like 1 swing set by the Observatory so it's not a major place to take kids. The highland bowl area gets a decent amount of use with the plays and movies they do there but it is still way under utilized. It's a nice park but not a park that you have a lot of reasons to visit, and not a park you should walk through alone at night.
designed by frederick law olmsted (architect of central park and the stanford campus), highland park is one of rochester's jewels and probably largely responsible for rochester's other moniker, "the flower city."  the park, originally envisioned as an arboretum, sits atop twenty odd acres of land and is home to a plethora of non-native trees and shrubs.   its crowning glory, however, becomes apparent in mid-may when thousands of lilac bushes burst into bloom, drenching the park in the balmy scent of the blossoms.  during this period, highland park hosts rochester's famed lilac festival.  of course, one mustn't neglect to also mention the rhododendrons, magnolias, daffodils, and roses that pervade the parkl!   spring is hardly the only time to visit highland park.  in the winter, it transforms into a winter wonderland and sledding paradise for children.  all the trails are multi-purpose (open to hikers, horseback riders, and cross-country skiers).  the brilliant hues of rochester autumn are not lost upon the park either, as the maples and oaks boast glorious shades of red, orange, and yellow foliage.   dogs are also allowed throughout the park as long as they are leashed. moreover lamberton conservatory, hosting a variety of plants ranging from lush tropical orchids to dutch tulips, warner castle, and the sunken gardens have become popular spots for wedding and prom time portraits.
What a beautiful park! My husband and I visited during the famed Lilac festival and the whole place just smelled wonderful. The layout is unique and gives people private areas to hang out. How lucky the locals are to have this park all year long!
