I would have loved this place as a kid. I met my best friend her her 4 year old twin boys here on a sunny Sunday in the summer. The museum is right on the Hudson River and had a nice outdoor picnic area, which is great for the little ones to be able to take a lunch or snack break. The first floor had a lot of little rooms where you can play dress up and pretend to be a firefighter, chef, do arts and crafts, and there's a huge play area for kids under age four. Upstairs is an actual mastodon skeleton, a climbing area, a play dj station, and a room with interactive games for older kids. We spent three hours at the museum and none of us were bored, including the adults! Entrance fee is $8 per person, with no differentiation in price between adults and children. The staff was friendly and constantly cleaning the different toys and stations. There were also purell pumps all over, which I took full advantage of because kids are germ monsters.
I see the museums condescending response to my initial review and feel the need to speak up. Perhaps it is their policy to not charge patrons for parking, but I assure you, I was charged. To insinuate I am lying tells you a lot about this place. Terrible. This was never my favorite place to take my kid, but now it's even worse. Today they had a hand written cardboard sign at the gate. It's $5 to park. Seriously people? Plus,  it is now $8 to get in. Whether you are 1 or 40. The exhibits are run down, missing parts and today the place was overrun with 2 separate camps with an 'adult' (I use the term loosely, they were in their teens) to every 10 kids. Mayhem. I will  not be returning. I will drive to Norwalk and visit the children's museum there. PK Children's Museum is a joke.
Sadly my review will merely echo what others have already said.  This place is way overpriced and too run-down.  7.50 for adults and children alike so bringing grandparents to watch my 18 month old play cost a small fortune!  No military discount, no senior citizen discount, nothing.  The exhibits were overused and many you could not even use like a chalkboard with no chalk, an art table with missing supplies a water table that was a pretty sad excuse for an interactive exhibit.  A neat mechanical arm that picked up fish with fish that were out of reach and had been for so long they were dusty.   This was a 20 minute drive and the location on the river is absolutely fabulous!  But this place was a huge disappointment and staff that really didn't seem to care to maintain anything.   A big don't bother in my book.  We will not be back.
Awesome location in an old warehouse building on the Hudson River water front.  The day we were there also happened to be the Kids Expo which was some sort of day fair for kids.  We just visited the museum and skipped the expo. There are two floors of interactive activities for young kids.  Most are geared toward really young kids, I would say age 8 or less.  Our nearly 3yo daughter loved it.  The fire truck, grocery store, construction area, farm and computers were all big favorites.  She definitely got a great learning experience from the afternoon we spent here. As the other reviewer mentioned they do quite a lot with very little resources.  It seems like some of the larger businesses in the area could give a little more to make this place a little more that what it is. The little kids will love this place for a couple of hours.  Oh, we also got in free because today was National Museum day!!  I think admission is normally $6 or $7.  They have parking on-site but it was closed for the Expo today so we parked in the Metro North garage just up the road.
This place is great fun! As a mom of an energetic 2.5 year old, this winter has been brutal- we have serious cabin fever! The Mid-Hudson Children's Museum was a great place to bring my little guy to get his energy out, and also for a change of scenery. It's not much of a museum per say, but more of an indoor playspace with different themed areas to play in/with (train table, fire station, kitchen, dinosaur, etc). As you would expect, it's fairly loud and crowded on the weekends, but it wasn't overwhelming (unlike the Children's museum in Norwalk, CT, which is utterly chaotic and almost unbearable on the weekends due to crowding). It cost us $22 for 2 adults and a child which I thought was reasonable. We live far away, so we probably won't be back often, but if we did live closer I'd for sure be a regular.
This place is just "ok" in my opinion. It's very small with private parking lot. The first floor has imagination play toys (e.g. Fire truck, kitchen) and the second floor has a bit more of a science theme with some experiments (nothing complex) with small scales of older technology (e.g. morse code, mechanical drill). If admission was a little cheaper I'd add a better rating for overall value but for the price I didn't think it was worth it (IMO) but they do need funds to maintain it.  You can be done with the entire visit in about 2.5hrs and that's spending a lot of time at the limited number of exhibits.  For adults this place will be absolutely boring and I recommend it for kids under age 10 because my teenage son didn't like it at all but my young daughter loved it. I don't live close to this place so based on the overall experience it's not worth a return trip for me.  Anyone that lives relatively close to this place can take advantage of the 'free' family nights they offer where admission is waved for about 3hours in the evening.
We have 7 & 9 y/o boys. Both of them had joyful times when we visited the museum in the end of August. They had fun, while crossing paths with some science too. The look and feeling of the space has been dramatically transformed from what the museum was a year ago. It is a bright, happy place to spend time and there are just the right amount of exhibits that engaged the boys (for a typically 9 and 7 y/o boy amount of time).   In brief, this museum gave the kids time and space to be kids and to explore, touch, experience. This is not a big museum but there's enough to spend a couple of hours looking and then a few more hours hanging out, playing, and sitting around downstairs in a big, sunny, huge windowed room with WIFI !!  I saw the virtue of the small size when I realized that I felt safe letting my kids wander and explore. That's when learning happens for littler kids and fun happens for bigger ones. Moreover, there's a convenient, free parking lot, a skateboard park right behind the building, a creek (connected to the Hudson River) right next to the parking lot that's awesome for exploring by kids who have a bit of outdoor explorer in them. There's also a public pavilion right behind the museum, and the Hudson River is right behind that! It's got all the makings of a cool day of adventuring for kids who have a bit of explorer in them. If you live within a half hour then this Museum/exploratorium is worth the trip and probably worth joining because you'll come back. But if you're farther away then you'll probably find that it's not a "destination" by itself. But the AREA IS a destination. First, there's the museum, and almost in it's backyard is the famous Walkway over the Hudson (5 minutes drive),  We didn't go on our trip, but the Walkway/State Park is a 15 minute walk -- you can almost touch it; 10 minutes drive is The Vassar College/Loeb Museum, a smallish but superior collection (Johan Laurentz Jensen, Andy Warhol, Doris Lee, Alexander Calder, Luke Anowtalik and Georgia O'Keefe) and it's free; the FDR estate and Vanderbilt Mansion are a 15 minute drive. Plus there's a lot of inexpensive, great ethnic food in Poughkeepsie -- too many to mention. Search Yelp to suit your taste. "Museum" is probably a  misnomer. This place seems to be at the beginning of a journey towards being an "exploratorium". It is more of a very-enhanced play space with splashes of science and learning.  i hope they continue the journey. Our family is going to support them. We're looking forward to spending some snow days, half-days off from school and a few weekend days. This is a friendly, safe space where kids can spend time and also so some exploring. There's a lot of hanging out space and a great room downstairs where kids can build with giant blocks while parents sit in comfortable chairs, looking out huge windows at the Hudson River. And there's WIFI!!  (I hope parents use that wisely and not too much.)  I can imagine myself doing some computing work.     The astonishing transformations of the last year have given me faith in the new Executive Director/Board and confidence in the future. I'm mindful that museums become great institution through the faith and support of members and donors. I think there's a lot about this museum that is like a brand new institution. I'm gonna try to be part of their growth. Altruism and philanthropy are not the only reasons to go, though. I think controlling the robot fishing arm is fun, playing with the sounds and microphone in the radio station is cool and the most fun are the very big, soft and strong blue building blocks that my two sons build two story structures out of. They're able to stand on the second story! Future architects? This is a cool place for the kids to visit.  It's so full of promise that I think it'll be fun for my wife and I to watch the evolution. Maybe my kids will feel a sort of connection and ownership as they watch the museum evolve and grow. We're gonna work on it. If this review sounds overly enthusiastic, it's because I was so angry and disappointed after our first visit 2 years ago. This is a turnaround story -- a Cinderella story if you like. I'm rooting for them. We're going to become members, which is cheap is you're going to visit regularly as a play/hang out space. We're also gonna have our 7 y/os birthday party there, which is also cheap if you're a member. NOTE: I was not paid to write this review and I'm not on the staff of the museum. I just saw a miraculous  transformation and I'm a believer. (such a transformation  that I removed a very critical review I had written on tripadvisor, by the way) ANOTHER NOTE: After the museum, go to Mole Mole for incredibly authentic and inexpensive Mexican food. (Make sure to try the Chicken and Lime Soup)  Mole Mole is close by, near Vassar College. (I don't work for them either :)
Fun for my 4.5 year old kid, especially downstairs. Love that it is free every third Saturday after 5pm. My fave part was the Hyde Park mastodon (I remember when they found it)!
This museum shows that it's possible to do a lot with restricted resources. Not as flashy as the Childrens Museum of Manhattan or others, my daughter nonetheless has a great time every visit. The installations do change, and there are always things to climb on, interact with, and learn about.
Relatively clean however the price is ridiculous for what you get. MANY stations are out of order. It is a small museum with a couple fun things but been there done that and wouldn't come back for that price. Membership? Why bother.
We visited the museum this past Sunday for the first time.  I first went in with my 6 1/2 year old son and knew pretty quickly that it would be a stretch for him to find things to keep his interest for long.  The first floor is okay for ages 3 and below-  maybe a 4 and 5 year old would be entertained for a bit.  The second floor is better for the 'older' kids but I'd say age 5 would be the max.  The place has a worn look to it and just isn't that appealing.  There are very few staff and most are downstairs sitting at the front desk.  And they don't seem to actively attend to the exhibits and/or make sure that they are working or being utilized effectively.  I've been to a variety of children's museums in the past and this one just does not compare.  Also, the admission price is too steep for what they have to offer ($7.50/person including adults).  Too bad it wasn't a more impressive place since their location next to the Hudson is hard to beat.
