A great park that's perfect for jogging, sports or relaxing. There is also nice collection of lilacs and plantings that are seasonal.
This review is for the softball fields/leagues. Cobbs Hill softball used to be arguably the best in the area. The leagues were competitive and the fields were very well maintained. The league now struggles to have enough teams, mainly because of price. The location is still one of the most convenient but the outfields are not well maintained. There are lots of holes that are injuries waiting to happen. The park is still a good facility overall but the sports need to be improved and they need to start using the internet.
Really nice park. There's tons to do here from running on trails or around the reservoir, basketball, free tennis (courts have lights Til 11pm), softball fields, etc. Its a close and clean park to downtown.
When I'm in Rochester I love to go walk or run at this park. There's also hiking and I've even trained her with a personal trainer: doing lunges up a hill had me sore for a week. Nice view of Rochester for lovers or photographers.
Every morning I wake up, walk into my living room and gaze at the beauty that is Cobbs Hill Park. I have a perfect view from my apartment windows. No matter what time of year it brightens my day. I've spent several summer evenings grilling, frisbee-ing, and feeding the ducks by the pond. It's gorgeous over there - perfect for a little picnic.   Once the weather is nice my boyfriend make our way to the tennis courts. They're usually not too busy, often one or two courts open when we walk up so it's rare to wait for one to open up. Walks around the reservoir are relaxing and you get a full view of our tiny city. The reservoir area, to the west (if I have my directions right), is a perfect viewing spot for the city's 4th of July fireworks. You can even catch glimpses of the neighboring towns firework shows before the big one starts. The only downside is that it can get a little sketchy by the pond. People hanging in their cars, sipping mysterious beverages from brown paper bags, but they're harmless. We've never seen anything truly shady take place. Despite that, I love it here and cherish it as my neighborhood park.
Ever watch a movie that is set in a city and think "Wow, that city where they are filming looks sorta neat."? Well Cobbs Hill could be that park in that city. There is so much life there all the time. There are always walkers/runners circling the reservoir, people playing tennis, flag football, dodgeball, ultimate frisbee. You can sled there. Kids play on swing sets. People put motorized toy sail boats in the pond. Running groups convene there. Dog walkers and trail runners enjoy the trails through the wooded areas. In the late spring lilacs bloom there. Also, from the top of the hill you can get a great view of downtown.
Great outdoor space for many activities. Enjoy by yourself, with friends, or bring a date. Things I've done there include picnics, walking/jogging around the reservoir, sitting out on the hill to enjoy the view, and taking photos! My dance company got some great shots here.
When I lived in Rochester, I got to a point in my life when I was really all about spoiling myself.  I didn't have a boyfriend and I was tired of waiting for someone to take me out, so I started taking myself out. Movies, pedi/manis, massages, road trips to Toronto... Anything I wanted to do, I did it.  As you can imagine, after awhile, money can start to get a little low doing all that.  Not wanting to sacrifice my ME time, I got creative.  Since I loved reading at home, why not take that silent show on the road and go out to the park? I packed a couple apples and snacks, a big jug of water, my favorite giant blanket, put on a tank and shorts and set out to Cobbs Hill.  I'd only driven past before, not really stopping.  I'd always seen people running around the outside or playing baseball, basketball, or freesbie, but those activities all seemed like things you should be doing with people, so I thought the park wasn't for me. I was so wrong!  The first time I went there with my book and my little to-go bag of stuff I needed, I was in heaven.  I was relaxed more than any massage or pedi/mani.  I liked hearing the sports going on nearby and looking at the clouds when my eyes would wander from the page.  I even feel asleep a time or two. When the weather turned, I would still go to the park.  This time, I would sit on a park bench or again on my blanket with hot cocoa and my book.  In winter, I would drive up to the other side of the park by the reservoir and watch the sledders.  In the spring, I was back to reading and eventually running as well. Cobbs Hill is right in the city, but acts like a little oasis from the activity within.  It is something Rochester should pride itself upon.  If you are like me just driving by day after day, I encourage you to just stop and spend 20 minutes there.  You'll be a convert as well.
Hands down this is one of my favorite spots in Rochester!!  This park pretty much has it all with tennis (with lights) and basketball courts, baseball diamonds and plenty of green space!  If you enter the upper part of the park by Highland Drive you'll be treated to a totally different feel.  There is a rather large water reservoir(sorry no swimming) that has a walking/running path around it that measures .75 miles.    On the far side of the water reservoir there is a clearing and it offers the best view of downtown and perfect sunsets.  I've made my way here just to see the sun set or to chill out and read a book.  There is also a steep-ish hill that offers a great place to bathe in the sun, run/bike up if you are adventurous, catch up on reading or even for a picnic.  Cobb's Hill usually isn't too crowded, probably because of it's massiveness but its a great place to send the afternoon or day outside in Rochester!
