My first visit to a presidential library! I thought it was an actual library with books you can read and check out. From other reviews, I am not the only one who though that. It was a museum. They need to drop the library in the title. You can learn so much. They have Roosevelt's desk from when he was in the Oval Office complete with all the things he had on top of it. They show you what was in Eleanor's wallet when she passed away. There were a lot of videos and some of his radio addresses for you to listen to. They had the bible Roosevelt took the oath on and the thing is huge! The special exhibit section was for Madeline Albright and all the pins she got while she was Secretary of State. The "library" portion was locked away in the basement. All of his documents were stored in boxes and his books were in a locked room. Those rooms were not for the public regardless of what day/time you go. You can see through the glass in the doors that they were there for someone (but not the general public) to read. There was an upper floor for researchers only. Maybe people after intense scrutiny can read the documents and books locked away but this is pure conjecture on my part.
I have previously visited the FDR Home and Presidential Library and loved the experience.  It is beautifully preserved and designed to recreate what Roosevelt's home looked like when he last lived in it, and I have always enjoyed seeing the home and library as well as the tour of the home and grounds, which is informative, interesting, and entertaining. However, when I visited this weekend while camping at the nearby Interlake RV park, I arrived at the FDR home to find that the parking area they have set aside for RVs is directly in the sun, with not a tree in sight.  As we are traveling with our dog, we were not comfortable leaving him in the camper with absolutely no shade, even with all of the windows open, despite the tour being only an hour long.  My husband went into the Visitor's Center to speak to a representative from the Parks Service to ask if we could park in one of the many shaded areas in the lot not designated for RVs, or perhaps alongside the perimeter of the lot where there were trees, as we were only staying an hour and we had traveled to the Hyde Park area and booked a site in the campground nearby specifically so that we could visit FDR's home. He was told unequivocally and repeatedly, to each of his politely-worded requests for some kind of accomodation for our issue, "you have to park in the RV area," with not even an apology or an acknowledgement of the inconvenience.  Before we spoke to the ranger, we had been planning on coming back without our dog to visit the FDR home, but, not appreciating being treated so inconsiderately, I can assure you it will be some time before we visit this or any National Parks Service-staffed location again.
best part of our New York adventure.  Museum was AAAAAMMMMAAAAZZZINGGG.  we spent almost 2 hours in the museum alone.  wasn't very crowded, so it felt like we had the place to ourselves.  very contemporary and informative.  FDR's real desk was so fascinating to me, as they set it up like he had it in real life, with all of his possessions on it.  incredible.  all the exhibits were easy to read.  i highly suggest coming here if you're visiting the NE.  btw, idiot me, having never been to a Presidential Library before, thought it was an actual "library" -- NO, it's a museum...so don't be a fool like me.  ha!
A national treasure--- a must see for every American.  Disappointed that the WPA-FEDERAL WRITERS PROJECT omitted any reference to the BORN IN SLAVERY project.  That hurt my heart. I will write the parks dept to redress this.  I could spend weeks here!!!
Let's start with a trivia question: Which was the first presidential library constructed and the only one used by a sitting president? Made a day trip to visit the FDR house, library, and museum, followed by lunch at one of the four restaurants at the Culinary Institute of America. We got to the museum around 9:00 and hopped on the 9:15 guided tour. The plan was to finish with FDR by 12:15, catch our lunch reservation by 12:30, then head over to Eleanor Roosevelt's cottage at Val-Kill before it closed. At least that was the plan. Unfortunately, we never made a tour at Val-Kill because of how quickly they fill up. But this review isn't for Val-Kill. It's for FDR! So on to FDR ... Our tour group consisted of about 25 people. The guide was excellent. Unlike a lot of other tour guides, this one kept everyone's attention for the duration of the tour, including mine. His knowledge of FDR and the Roosevelt family was profound, or at least he did a good job pretending. He was very engaging and had answers to all of our questions. The tour of the house lasted about 1:30. Because our guide was so thorough, we had to rush through the museum/library in order to make our lunch reservation. (We got caught up reading the history on the first floor and didn't realize until about 11:45 that that museum/library had 2 floors)!  Both the house and library are enormous, so do yourself a favor: get here early and plan on spending at least a half day. And for a $14 admission for adults (no discounts), you might as well get your money's worth!
I grew up in the area and passed by the grounds many times. I can't believe I never stopped. What a wonderful museum. A few days before this visit, we were in Lincoln, Kentucky and got to see the birthplace of Abe Lincoln. What a dichotomy to go from Abe's teeny tiny log cabin to the gorgeous mansion and birthplace of Roosevelt. Worth taking a nice leisurely stroll along the grounds, we even got to enjoy watching the deer.
This museum and home was quite impressive.  Excellent displays very well laid out and presented.  Workers and volunteers were friendly and helpful.  Excellent network of trails here and well maintained geocaches available.  A bit out of the way but if you are headed this way worth a stop.  Check out Eveready diner in town that has been featured on a few shows.  Review shows prior to going to see what was featured since our uninformed visit there was less than spectacular.  Also check out CIA for a fantastic lunch or dinner at a few different restaurant options. Higher price but an experience to remember with excellent fresh dishes and rotating menu depending on time of year.  Make reservations ahead of time but if you didn't call to see if you can get in, we lucked out for dinner the day of our visit.
FDR We still need you today! Having spent last Sunday at the FDR home and the museum I regrett that they are closed for others to visit during this autumnal time of year.  You can thank the Congress for that one. Not only can the journey to the Museum lead you to the Hudson River through the fall colors but you can grasp the expanse and impact of of this man and his dear wife Eleanor on America.  The museum was just reopened in June and even if you visited in the past you must return.  It has changed for the better! It is lively, organized by time with videos and interactive displays that allow you to flip through documents and photos on interactive displays for each period.  Allow yourself plenty of time as you will be moved to find out more in this format which has something for everyone to watch, listen to and explore.  Fascinating.
Just spent several hours at the Library/Museum and birthplace, as well as Val-Kill.  It really could be an all-day stay. The exhibits, including several short films, are well done.  There is a great deal to absorb and consider, since FDR and ER were complicated people living in turbulent times.  The guided tour of the birthplace was very informative, as was the one at Val-Kill.   It is a minor drawback that indoor photography is not allowed at the birthplace (Spring Wood) or Val-Kill because of security considerations, which seems a little puzzling. I never cared much about history when I was younger, and patriotism was in short supply in the 60's, but, as an adult, one can learn a lot about why things are the way they are and appreciate just how bad things were in our parents' and grandparents' times.  You can also see how great leadership inspires people, and how badly we need great and unselfish leaders.
The FDR Presidential Library and Museum complex is built on the grounds of FDR's home in Hyde Park. The home is interesting, especially when compared to the Vanderbilt Mansion next door: old money Roosevelt vs. new money Vanderbilt; Roosevelt's dark oak and idiosyncratic collections vs. Vanderbilt's huge dining room and ostentatious display of wealth. The Presidential Library and Museum are fascinating; the movies and displays don't just explain but illustrate at gut level the horrors of the Great Depression and the reasons why FDR was so popular in his day. Extremely informative and an absolute must-see. See also our review of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area.
Excellent museum with carefully thought-out and well-maintained displays. Half of the museum consists of curios from the life and times of FDR (his baby clothes, report cards, golf clubs, etc) and a wing devoted to Eleanor, and the other half of the museum is focused on the political history, with displays detailing the New Deal, the U.S.'s engagement in WWII, FDR's trademark fireside chats, campaign paraphernalia, and lots more from his 4 presidential terms. I found it to be extremely informative and well presented. The museum and library is on the same grounds as FDR's childhood (and lifelong) home, which is separately operated by the National Parks Service; be sure to visit both while you're here: yelp.com/biz/home-of-fra… (We didn't have to buy separate tickets to view this museum -- we just flashed our tickets for the home tour and that was it).
Yea!  History and architecture and great views!  Bring your camera to the picturesque home-on-the-Hudson. I usually make this a double with Vanderbilt, which just up the road and should not be missed.  It is fun to see both on the same day because they are quite different. I cannot comment on the exhibits and tours, but I've spent many Saturdays wandering around the grounds and it is always a satisfying adventure.  And it is completely free!
We've visited the FDR library and historic home twice now, and each visit has been immensely rewarding. We strongly recommend a trip here, and plan to spend at least 2-3 hours taking it all in. Begin with Franklin D. Roosevelt's home "Springwood," a gracious, comfortable home on the banks of the Hudson River. The interior shows us how FDR lived during part of each year, including his office -- where he met and talked with so many political leaders -- and the dining room, where FDR had himself placed before dinner so that he might greet everyone as he poured martinis for guests. He was born here, and upstairs is the bed where he was born in 1882. Amazing! The house has an elevator since, as you likely know, FDR contracted polio in 1921 and remained paralyzed from the waist down until his death in 1945. The FDR Library and Museum holds dozens of exhibits that showcase the various periods in his life, including his time as Assistant Secretary of the Navy during WWI, his term as governor of NY and his four-term presidency. While the museum understandably celebrates Roosevelt, it is difficult even for detractors not to acknowledge the dramatic changes he brought to the government, not to mention his efforts to move the country out of the Great Depression. His wife Eleanor receives her due no less; she was a remarkable woman whose commitment to helping others through her work with civil rights and human rights still marks her as one of America's great heroines. There is currently a lot of work going on around the grounds. Still, the short walks to get to the house are lovely, and don't miss the Rose Garden where FDR and Eleanor are buried in a simply marked grave with FDR's dog Fala behind them. Quite touching, honestly. The guides here are well informed and helpful, there's very good signage, and even the on-site restaurant -- Mrs. Nesbitt's Fireside Cafe -- offers some quality food including soups, wraps and salads. And finally, don't miss the introductory movie about FDR and Eleanor -- it's very well done and a terrific introduction.
There are tours daily at 2:30 and 4:00. You get to see that 35-room mansion outfitted to hide his wheelchair from guests, such as the Queen of England. He was born in the house, which was originally 17? rooms, and then later expanded it, with approval from his dear, dowager mum. In the summer, you can also see the cabin that Eleanor lived in, which has been described by someone I know as a "trailer" in Valkill, just down the road. The property was once 1600 acres but is now about half that, if I remember correctly. On the tour, you walk past the cemetary, where both Franklin and Eleanor were buried. I would try to plan your trip to go after May 2013, since the library is under construction--you don't want to miss the ability to see where he gave his fireside chats for 16 years! Also, the views must be gorgeous in the summer. There are no discounts for students, but I think there is now something for seniors.
C'mon kids, history is fun! In full agreement with my fellow Yelpers regarding this attraction; it is worth a visit. Drove past this place for years, very glad we finally toured the home and library of the only President elected to more than 2 terms. The grounds are free and open to the public if you have just a few minutes to stroll around. The visitor center has a lot of good info on other historic attractions in the area and a shop where you can finally get that FDR branded merchandise you have always wanted! (I didn't know so many books were written about the depression). Walk outside behind the library to see an artwork installation by Winston Churchill's granddaughter cut from the Berlin wall. Cutting through the rose garden you will see President and Mrs. FDR's gravesite, I had no idea they were buried here. Pressing on a short distance have a walk around "Springwood", FDR's birthplace and home (growing up my neighbors were the Cieplinski's, FDR had the Rockefeller's as neighbors!). The tour is definitely worth it. It includes the home where FDR lived and hosted guests like King George VI, Queen Elizabeth, Churchill and many others. The library in the house is a fantastic room. The tour includes admission to the Presidential Library containing many excellent self guided displays, and often guided tours of special exhibits. This visit was far more interesting and entertaining than anticipated. I am not remotely interested in politics, but this tour provides a look into a very interesting person and momentous period in history. BTW if you are a local your admission is good for 2 days.
Excellent museum maintained by the National Park Service. We took the guided tour of the house, which was definitely worthwhile.  The guides were knowledgeable and we were given ample opportunity to explore. The history of the rooms is fascinating, such as the pink room where King George and Winston Churchill stayed during WWII. Definitely visit the grounds, including the gardens and FDR's grave site, and the library as well.
How do you rate a Presidential library??  Beautiful grounds, interesting history, and the Parks Service Rangers giving the tour are friendly and knowledgable. The only "problem" I can see is they don't give discounts to military or seniors.  Damn democrats...
Comparatively old money house of historic interest.It's not beautiful. You'll enjoy it if like me you are interested in history but from an aesthetic or architectural standpoint it's inessential.The library was largely closed when I went there.However there was a good photographic exhibit.FDR, Eleanor and Falla are buried on site.
Not just for history geeks! I visited FDR's Springwood estate on his birthday this year (Jan. 30), and it was so worth the trip. I was able to watch the federal wreath-laying ceremony at his grave site, which included a speech by a state senator. To tour the home, it cost $14 but walking the grounds is free!
Stopped here first while waiting to head into our tour of FDR's home. Tickets were $14 per person and the guard will ask to see your paid ticket for the tour before entering the museum. Lots of neat stuff to see here!
I am a HUGE History buff!  I wish they weren't doing so much work while we were there so not everything was open.  But the grounds are beautiful and I enjoyed the tours and I learned a lot!!!!  They have trails you can take hikes/ walks any where from 1.5 miles to 3 or 5 miles I do believe.  I recommend late Spring to early Fall its so nice up here then.
We made the trip to Hyde Park this past summer and it was well worth the trip. This should be a hajj for anyone who fancies themself a Democrat.I especially liked Top Cottage.
A little expensive if your bringing the kids, but the tours are a la carte so you could lighten the cost by eliminating visiting the Vanderbilt Mansion or Cottage. The welcome video is a must see, as is the FDR and ER statue in the garden. Tours of the mansions run up until 4 but the Library is open for visits until 6. The ticket master was missing 3 times that I tried to purchase admission into the library(I arrived beyond the last tour time). Overall, it is the first Presidential library and the only on the East coast, so kind worth taking a look even if just the Welcome Center is all you experience... Lots of great things to see in there!
