"Yoga can't be that hard, it's just stretching."  A horrible newbie misconception.  Ever since bikram, I have a grand newfound respect for yogis and the practice.  I highly recommend giving yourself this gift and all the multifaceted benefits that come with bikram.   Maybe there are others who also thought this way, but I was that person who thought that if I'm not sweating, then I'm not working out.  I wanted to try yoga, but it wasn't high on my 'to try' list until someone briefly mentioned to me about doing yoga in a 105 degree room.  I thought, at least I'll be sweating, so why not try it.   The friendly and supportive staff knew their students, so I had the newbie florescent sign blinking above my head when I signed in.  At the front desk, the instructor began to tell me that my main goal in class was to stay in the room, no matter what.  That was when the nerves kicked in. I checked out their website prior to class so that I knew what to bring: a sticky mat, two towels -  for your mat and for yourself, and a water bottle.  The website also mentioned classroom etiquette (also posted on the locker room wall), which I found to be helpful as a new student.   Going into my first class, I did not know what to expect until I was in The Room.  In retrospect, I actually think it's better that I didn't know because I was less anxious and more fearless going in.  If I had known too much, I probably would have been too afraid to give it a try.  In this case, ignorance is bliss.   With this in mind, I'm opting out details of the actual practice since the experience will be different to each individual and instead, focusing on my personal benefits from my practices.  I will tell you that thirteen months later, I have become stronger in many ways and I am still improving.  I have built muscle strength and increased my flexibility, my hair and nails grow quicker, my skin glows, my heart rate regulates faster, and my appetite is suppressed after taking a class.  Not only did I see physical results, but also the mental, emotional, and spiritual benefits.  It is a place that allowed me to clear my mind, collect my thoughts.  There have been times where I have gone to The Room in search of comfort and peace and left there centered and grateful for the warm hug.   Even though the practice is structured the same, I find myself still learning new tidbits here and there.  I cannot emphasize how supportive the staff is - Aaron is down to earth, reasonable, and understanding; Jacob is friendly, encouraging and inspiring especially when I see him practice; and each of the rotating instructors I have met are unique in his/her own right so I takeaway different aspects only to continue to grow. Bikram has challenged me to get out of my head, to take control, to overcome my doubts and fears, to focus, to allow myself outside of my comfort zone, to be gentle with myself, and to take time for myself because I'm worth it.  Aren't you?
I've done Bikram here a couple times although its been a while.  I really like Bikram overall as its really unique and can be somewhat "militant" - tends to deviate from your traditional yoga experience.  I would say it's not for everyone but in my view, it's relaxing and at the same time provides for a good workout. I would say it takes a few times to find your groove but if you stick it out it could be a beneficial part of your routine.  If you do not like to sweat excessively this probably isn't the place for you!   As far as the studio goes, it's in a nice location and I find the studio "cozy" but very adequate.   Both times I've been I was very happy with the instruction and there was no waiting to get things off and running.  I need to go back at some point - its been a challenge to find time as its an hour and half session.
Coming from New York City, I think this studio is awesome.  The room is hot, facilities are clean (including showers and blow dryer - women's locker room :), the instructors are great and the studio owner Aaron is good to his clients and the people who work for him.   I have practiced in studios all over the country including New York City and this a great place to begin your practice or continue it. If you can survive the hot room, you can accomplish anything so come try a class!!!
I was wiggin' out before trying this place with a LivingSocial I had purchased. Let's be real here: sweating buckets in a room that is 105 degrees? The yoga is very active and difficult. You get better the more you go, just like other activities. The first time I didn't think I was going to make it, but when I went to the second class it was amazingly easier because I knew what to expect. Make sure you read the rules to the place before you go on their website. Don't expect to laugh with your girlfriends while you are bent over in front of them, they expect complete sweaty silence. The instructors kind of just bark out poses to you, and it isn't too relaxing. It is more like a coach-style environment. I was expecting a soothing "and breathe, and childspose" kind of deal but it is more like "AND KICK! AND KICK! AND KICK" kind of deal. So if you are banking on a class that is gonna kick your butt, this will. The heat stretches your muscles hardcore. I was hobbling around like an old lady the day after but it was a good feel the burn sore. Your skin feels pretty awesome afterwards too. Drink water all day before class and freeze one and leave it in your car for afterwards. They have showers there too in the locker rooms if you can't wait til you get home.
To say I am impressed would be an understatement. The Studio and facility was great. I usually practice in DC and my studio is a converted row house, which has a lot of deficiencies (the temperature is never consistent). Bikram Yoga Rochester had consistent heat so the room stayed warm, but comfortable. The changing area was clean and spacious. The only reason I do not give Bikram Yoga Rochester is because the instructor was not very engaging. I think he could have been a little more energetic, but the great atmosphere made up for the lack luster instruction.
I have been frequenting Bikram Yoga Rochester since August, shortly after they opened and am definitely a Bikram Yoga convert.  Previously I could not find a yoga studio where I felt truly at home and the staff at Bikram does a great job of providing a family-like feeling at the studio.   The teachers are wonderful and as Summer stated, the studio is peaceful and beautiful.  I will admit that I felt so wiped out after my first class I did not think I would ever return, but at the teachers' insistence that I should just give it one more try, I did return and boy am I glad I did.  It took a few practices for me to become acclimated to the heat - but I am glad I stuck it out as Bikram keeps me in wonderful shape - both mentally and physically.
This is the second place I have practiced Bikram Yoga (the other in LA) and I really love it. I have been coming since they opened in August, and I am so happy to be able to practice here since recently moving to Rochester. I really love how friendly everyone is, and the sense of community. Sometimes they have happy hour after class on Fridays! Also, the bathrooms are really nice, much better than my bathroom at home actually. THe floor s also a nice, non-slip rubber which I rather appreciate. Thanks to you guys for opening a Bikram studio in Rochester! I don't know what I would do without it .
Before: Apprehensive. After: Delirious, euphoric. You really don't know a workout until you do yoga in a 105 degree room. I also never truly appreciated shavasana (relaxation post - lying on your back, not moving) until doing Bikram. Throughout the whole class I was dying - sweating, breathing heavy, mentally exhausted - but it felt great. The class is fast paced, moving through a series of 26 poses with 2 breathing exercises. It does make a difference having practiced yoga beforehand and having a bit of strength because this class is tough and adding a super hot room into the mix is physically challenging. Bottom line - don't go if you're a beginner. Do go if you want to pump up your practice. For me, I think I'll treat this as a once-a-month class. It's a great add to my current yoga routine and pushed me to the next level. Definitely trust your own body and what feels right. You don't want to go overboard and hurt yourself so know your limits. The instructor is motivating, but a bit gruff, unlike some of the calm, soft spoken yoga instructors I've had in the past, but he's always there to lend a hand and offer suggestions. He's a fast talker so listen carefully. It's reminiscent of an auctioneer, spouting off pose adjustments a mile a minute. But, it's good reassurance when you want to fall over and die. He kicks it up a notch and you feel inspired to keep going. Tip: Bring a towel - like the size of a beach towel. You will sweat a lot. I mean it. Also, consider the instructors recommended times to drink water - it actually helps and you feel more hydrated.
I came to Bikram Yoga Rochester after making the difficult decision to abandon a 13-year career as a martial artist. I chose Bikram specifically because I am a lifelong athlete, and I wanted a yoga that was... well... athletic. I had no interest in a Yoga practice with the word "gentle" anywhere in it! Before my first class, I had a chance to talk with Aaron, the owner, about my background. I specifically discussed with him my physical limitations due to a severe shoulder injury four years ago. He was respectful, supportive, and encouraging about the impact Bikram could have on restoring some of my lost shoulder mobility. Since then, every single interaction that I have had with any of the staff at Bikram Yoga Rochester has been the same... friendly, supportive, encouraging, and welcoming. I'm having a hard time understanding the negative reviews. The only thing I can think is that maybe these people don't come from an athletic background. If you've spent any time in your life as an athlete, you know that part of the role of your coach/instructor is to push you! In no way have I experienced anything which could even remotely be considered bullying. Yes... the Bikram instructors push you to work through discomfort and minor pain. Exercise is not meant to be 100% comfortable. The phrase "no pain no gain" exists for a reason. Perhaps the confusion is just around the word "pain." For example, when my Bikram Rochester instructor says during a pose that my goal is to create a pain sensation all over the right side of my body, they are of course speaking about the "mild discomfort" end of the pain scale, the place where tissues are stretched and muscles are built. I think it should be fairly obvious that they are NOT talking about the "holy crap I think I just badly injured myself" end of the pain spectrum. Ultimately, it is up to each student to know where "pain" ends and "potential injury" begins. In my experience so far at Bikram Yoga Rochester, I would say that every member of the staff would always respect and honor each student's own decision about their physical limits. Certainly in my case, I have continued to make adjustments to the poses as necessary to accommodate my shoulder injury and certain other health issues, and have never been pressured in any way about it. With that out of the way, I would say that the facility is very clean and a pleasant environment. I believe the prices are fair and reasonable given the training that is delivered. I have always felt welcomed, respected and safe. My only complaint is that the management of the temperature in the hot room is inconsistent from class to class and instructor to instructor. I've been in a class where it felt like the instructor simply forgot to ventilate the room, and it reached a temperature that was just overwhelming. Other classes, it has seemed like the instructor forgot that the doors were open, and the room cooled down too much. This is a nitpick, however. Finally, I'll add that Aaron was right... my shoulder mobility has improved substantially since I started Bikram. I can honestly say that my shoulder has healed more in the past few months than in the 4 years prior to that. I'm optimistic that through continued practice at Bikram, I'll be able to achieve nearly-normal shoulder flexibility.
Upon a recent visit to Rochester, I decided to introduce a family member who lives there to Bikram yoga, which I have been practicing for about 2 years in Los Angeles.  I will just share some of my observations because I think this studio has potential.   The studio itself- lovely sauna like wood paneling, nice and dark which I like because it helps the restful times feel more restful. Beautiful changing room facilities. Clean, and cared for. The instructor- Was competent enough as a teacher if you have been practicing a long time, however if you are brand new, as my guest was, he left a lot to be desired.  He was aggressive and a bit condescending, which is not the right approach for Bikram as just being in the room the first time is hard enough.  He has an accent that was difficult to understand, (even for me, and I work with people from all over the world) and most importantly he failed to utilize the bikram dialogue to its fullest.  The teachers I have been lucky enough to learn from, always describe the physiological benefits of each posture, making it so motivating to give it your all.  This man did not once describe any of this fascinating scientific background on why the postures work and why they are in the specific order we use.  He just sort of barked a simplified explaination which if it had been my first time would have left me completely lost.   Needless to say my guest hasnt been back, which I find a shame because Bikram can be such a delightful experience but the teacher we had made if feel a lot like the torture that people might imagine.   Also, its worth noting that the prices are higher here than either of the two studios I practice at in LA!  I find that a little unconscionable since this studio is most peoples first ever yoga experience.  Might be nice to give them a little incentive to incorporate it into their daily routine. Would try this studio again but with a different instructor.
Bikram vs other yogas: Finally, Bikram yoga is a great choice for yoga, exercise and meditation in general. It works more deeply than other yogas I have tried (in desperation, before there was a Bikram studio in Rochester) and the instruction is very detailed, which prevents injuries.
What a great experience. Not only does Bikram Yoga have great benefits but Bikram Yoga Rochester provides an amazing place to practice. As soon as you walk in you will know what I mean. The pictures don't even do this place justice. From the warm welcome you will receive when you walk in to the beautiful yoga room... all the way to the showers.. Birkram Yoga Rochester is a wonderful place. Finally there is a place to do this specific type of Yoga here in Rochester. Don't be nervous to try if for the first time! All will make you feel welcome and you can go at your own pace!
Bought my groupon for this one and it was a great buy. I enjoyed my first forte into yoga. The studio is seems very nice and Aaron the owner was very friendly when I met him. The only issue I had was some of the instructors have accents and as my first yoga experience I had trouble following some of their instructions on how to correctly do the poses. After my second class though I took the instructor aside to clarify the poses I had questions about and they were very helpful in clearing up my questions. I really loved the feeling I had after the classes it was a feeling of rejuvenation like I've never experienced before.
Beautiful facility and wonderful staff - I wish they would consider adding some other classes into the mix as it can get too repetitive if you go often.  I agree with the reviewer as to inconsistent temperature. Door should be opened briefly at consistent intervals. But overall a terrific spot!
Love this place, I never feel as good as right after a Bikram class.  It is the only studio in Rochester and the only place I've been too, so I don't have much to compare too.  But I will say, I feel this studio is very clean and serene. Shoes are removed at the door.  Just sign in and head back to the locker room before class.  They do get a little crowded, I wouldn't worry about your belongings being stolen but you can bring a lock if you are nervous.  There are 3-4 showers available if you wish to do so after class. You will be a sweaty pig. But I usually just bring a pair of pants to change into after, my shorts are soaked, and so are my towels.  there are also 2 toilets available in the locker room and one right outside the studio.  There are drinks available for purchase and if you don't have cash there is a $10 minimum to use a card for a drink, but you can put it on your account as a $10 credit and deduct from it in the future.  But I do recommend bringing your own.  If you forget your towel or mat you can rent one from the studio for $3. Some people may say they don;t like the attitude of the owner (the bald guy), but to be honest if he yells at you for something it's only because he likes to keep his other customers happy, and his studio nice.  He is also very sarcastic, and you just have to know he likes to joke a lot. So really, don't take things the wrong way, just enjoy the yoga and follow the rules he has for his studio.
