Always quick service, especially when you buy tix on Fandango & only have to show the Q-code vs. waiting on line.
Spacious, clean, comfortable theatre. Compared to the crowded theatres in NYC, this is like a breathe of fresh air! Friendly staff- when my Fandango Mobile ticket couldn't scan the nice guy let us through. Tip: * If you your movie is showing at the end of the row, it's best to park your car by the back doors for a quick exit.
A great theater but really overpriced so I only come here when the cheaper theater up the road doesn't have the movie I want to see. Great seats and sound here though.
Easily one of the best theaters I've ever been in. From the stadium seating to the comfortable chairs and sound system; if you're in the area, this is the theater you should attend without question. I have been in my fair share if theaters and I have never been disappointed with this one. It's never crowded and the latest movies are screened in abundance.
A little overpriced for the area (adult $10.50, child $8) but as for movie watching experiences go, it's a great place to go. Love the huge theaters and the stadium seating. They could do a better job cleaning up the place more (many spills, food everywhere by the concession stands, napkins, etc.) Also you gotta love the police presence in the theater....only in upstate NY!
I have to say this place was pretty impressive with size & cleanliness. However, I have to caution that this place is very expensive when compared to other local theaters. If I recall, I spent about $30 just on a family of four for snacks with the entire trip costing almost $100 with entrance fees; ouch! I wasn't about to leave because I was trying to save money, no I'm too proud.   :o) Leg room is important to movie goers and the leg room at this place was good, however I have been to the theater in Newburgh that I find has the best leg room in the Hudson Valley (I literally lay out in my seat at that location).
Clean theater,professional staff.
Big theater, comfortable seats, the staff is a little inattentive and sometimes very rude, but overall, the film experience is what I came for and that my friends, is above par. ***Attention iOS users: for whatever reason they cannot scan Passbook tickets so use your Fandango tickets straight from Fandango.
I'm a HUGE movie fan, love them.  And when I go to see a movie I like to be comfortable, with an uninterrupted view, great surround sound, and hopefully good food.  :-P  Some places live up to that, and others don't. This location was definitely one of the spots that DID live up to it. I was only visiting the area, and happened to catch a movie here, but wish there was more just like it over here where I am.  The location is perfect since it's directly attached to the mall.  You can schedule the movie around you, and enjoy yourself with a bit of shopping through the mall.  Instead of scheduling you around the movie, by having to bolt from what you're doing to drive across town to catch a show.  Very convenient. The theaters are nice too.  Great stadium seating that provide a slight recline, are very comfortable, and the cup holders can be moved up between the chairs if you're trying to cuddle up next to your date.  Awesome surround sound, plenty of space, and the pop corn wasn't too shabby either.  :-P Definitely a nice spot to catch a movie, one that I would recommend for any movie lovers!
Sorry Poughkeepsie Regal...I know you're trying to live up to the theaters in NYC...plush seats, lots of leg room, giant cup holders, stadium rows and a ginormous screen...but you just won't make the cut. I'm a city girl, so I expect big things. And your stand at the Galleria Mall, just wasn't too impressive. I mean...I do have to give you props for giving us tickets for $7 at 3PM on a Saturday afternoon...but you disappointed me so much more... Your seats were big and looked like fairly good replicas of the originals but they rocked forward more than they rocked back. And, well, that's just not fun. The screen was, yeah, big...but so small in comparison to ours in the city. And did we have to have all those technical difficulties during the start of the previews? Yeah, they're previews, but I'm still paying for them to be crystal clear right? Alas...I suppose I will be back if I have to be...but my movie going will stay in the sleepless city.
Best movie theater in the area, by far.  The stadium seating is extremely comfortable, with a great view.  Matinee prices are good.  Popcorn is usually pretty fresh.  The food is expensive, just like every other theater.  My go-to. I will mention that the kiosks outside malfunction a little too often, but the line inside moves extremely quickly.
I laugh at the person who mentioned that this theater doesn't even closely compare to the ones in NYC. Let me tell you 2 reasons why the Regal Cinemas is 100x better than ANY theater in NYC - it's cheaper (it's $10 at Regal and it's about $14 on average in Manhattan) and it also doesn't have any bed bugs!!! (which basically every major movie theater in Manhattan has). That alone is worth the price - since the screen and sound as just as primo as you can expect! But since their major renovations in late 2007/early 2008, this theater has really become first rate. It's a little annoying when they try to show major movies (like Harry Potter) in 8-10 of their 16 theaters at once and make the other showings suffer (even for new movies) but I think all movies do it.  I have been here during movie premieres (saw the first showing of the Dark Knight in July '08 and I had a semi-close seat and it was still a great view!!) and at times when my beau and I were the only ones in the theater...you always feel comfy and cozy in this place. Super great that you can lift the arm rests up to give yourself more room too! Sign up for a regal card - it's free, takes only a minute and you'll get a free movie ticket before you know it :). Don't waste a drive going to the Palisades or White Plains...you can get a good show in the Hudson Valley here!!
This place is located inside the Poughkeepsie Galleria Mall and very convinient.   It is well maintained and the seats are very comfortable.  Their ticket is $10 for night shows and maintee is $8. Do not buy the food and drinks from here.  They are so overpriced and nasty.
$10 for a movie ticket?!? Also, the food/drinks are so expensive.  It's $40 for a date. Might as well go to Hyde Park or something for their theatre.  However, the theatre is much nicer and the seating is also very nice.  It's nice if you REALLY want to see a movie. Other than that, too pricey!
I'm a pretty serious moviegoer - not only do I want to see a good movie, but I want the full experience: stadium seating, comfy seats, surround sound, a HUGE screen &, for the true movie nerd, a perfectly framed & focused image on the screen. So I was quite thrilled when I heard that the Galleria mall was doing away w/their old, crummy theatres & putting in a SOTA (state of the art) complex. My only complaint is that matinees should be lower in price, we're only saving about $2.50 from the standard ticket price. So far every film I've seen there has been a great experience & I'm jazzed that I don't have to drive 20 mi to Newburgh anymore for all the perks I ment'd above!
