I saw The Chariot open for Every Time I Die here. I've never been patted down harder by security to go in a venue and I usually go to shows in NYC. What's going on up here guys? Damn. Anyways, the venue was pretty nice looking. There's definitely a lot of points in the venue with obstructed views and it would've taken considerable effort to get to a decent spot on the floor as it was completely packed between the stage and the stairs but venue was alright. It was cool how the backdoor to the stage opens to the back of the building for the bands to unload. I saw the members of The Chariot carrying stuff out back there. I come up here once a year, so if another show happened to land on that 1 or 2 days, I'd come back.
BEWARE!!!!! This place is so horrific, I had to leave despite traveling over an hour to get there. I went here for a much anticipated concert since the reviews are not so bad but was disgusted. It has peeling paint, writing on walls and the smell is terrible. It was full of smoke, weed and booze. The space is so tight packed you cannot move and the restrooms are disastrous!!!!!! My group decided to leave as soon as we set foot into the place and we ran to our car since nearby area is very run down and you don't want to get jumped. I am so glad we got out of there quickly and safely and am shocked this dump is still open, I cannot even give it one star but have to in order to post. Money and time completely wasted.
I've been coming here for about 15 years and have seen sooo many metal bands here: Firehouse, Quiet Riot, Skid Row, Lita Ford, W.A.S.P., Y&T, L.A. Guns, and many more.  The stage is large, the drinks are reaonsably priced, the club is spacious enough, and on most nights the crowds are very good.  This place holds sentimental value for me since I've been coming here ever since I was a kid.  They used to get much better acts here; it seems like they haven't been getting nearly as many national bands recently.   Although the club itself is very cool, the area around it is anything but.  I believe that that area of downtown Poughkeepsie was ranked one of the worst areas in the entire state of NY.
This is a GREAT place to see a show. Concerts are usually affordable, there's no bad spot to stand in the place and it's conveniently located for Hudson Valley locals. The negatives come from a few areas: customer service, cleanliness. There is little of either. I live very close to The Chance so when there's a show I want to see-- I'll go to the box office to pick up tickets. This way, I have my tickets right away and I don't have to pay extra fees. The problem comes when they aren't open during their posted business hours. In the past 10 years, there's been over 15-20 occasions where I've gone to buy tickets and the box office is closed. And when you are able to finally get tickets, there's never an apology or an attempt at fixing the situation. Secondly, again it's a great venue for a concert but it is downright dirty and gross. The staff inside aren't particularly friendly. The bathrooms are horrific and you will stick to the floor everywhere you go. If you are able to get your tickets, and don't have to pee for the few hours you're there-- you'll be good. Otherwise, good luck ;)
This used to be a great venue, until a new batch of security guards came along. On multiple occasions, reports of excessive force, and more than one time choking have been sent to The Chance higher-ups and nothing has been done about it. They all but strangled to death the singer of Big D and the Kids Table, and have repeatedly grabbed crowd-surfing kids around the neck. Management really needs to open their eyes and rethink their security before they wind up with a kid with a snapped neck on their hands.
My second time here was not as good as the first. A few months ago I sent an email asking what is the policy on cameras. To this day, I got no response. I went anyway with my camera to see the Sick Puppies and all was well. A few days ago, I took the same camera to see AFI was during the show the guy told me to put it away because it was a "professional" camera. Their website says nothing about types of cameras and I saw at least four other DSLR cameras for the AFI show. I sent a second email and I'm still awaiting an answer.
Great shows and good vibes, just as everyone else has said. I really love the fact that they encourage local talent as well as nationally recognized bands. I just wanted to comment that The Chance theater was really generous to donate two pairs of tickets to a charity event we held this summer. Thank you Chance Theater for supporting your community!!
Living so close this place when I was young this place will always hold a spot in my heart and living so close now I still go here to see bands that I really enjoy, but it's really only getting 3 stars because of proximity to me. The sound is really terrible and if you're on the balcony you can't help but wonder if tonight is the night it's going to collapse.
Been here more times than I could ever count...feels like home. To me it has that a little bit of that nasty, dirty bathroom integrity that venues should have. I want to see phone numbers scribbled on the bathroom wall, not a fancy laser show - and The Chance is definitely that place lol. It's got 4 places in one sort of...the main area with the stage, the Loft, which gets so hot and sweaty you'd think you were in Rainforest Cafe; the "Platinum Lounge" or whatever they call it (I just refer to it as the back room), and the Nuddy Irishman bar. There are bars in all 4 of the places so you'll never be without a drink in hand. If you remember though, the smoking area used to just have a simple metal barricade penning you in like a sheep, which I preferred because you could just jump it and go wherever, now they have this really tall Guantanamo Bay pool fence which is really annoying and feels out of place....plus you can't sneak out and sneak back in. (sorry underage kiddies) There's not a bad spot in the place to see the stage, pretty much anywhere is a good spot.
Blah. I really only came here to see my roommate's band play, and got to see Eve 6 (ten years too late) as a consequence of that.  Both of those things were very cool, but overall I just don't like the atmosphere at the Chance.  In fact, the Chance doesn't even feel like it has an atmosphere to me.  So, just blah.
This is my favorite place to see bands play. I love how they have a "pit", a lower level, and an upper level. Plenty of space to see the stage. They also have a bar. The backstage door is near the door to get inside, so you always see band members hanging out. They also have (I think 2) other stages in this building. I've been to The Loft and it's great there as well. The stage is really low, so seeing from the back is hard, but it's also a small area. When I went there was probably only 50 kids there, so it made it that much more fun because it felt like a big family.
I'm here for Club Cosmic by New Earth Connect. Best party I've been to anywhere outside of Brooklyn. Check it out
I've had a love/hate relationship with The Chance for the past 11 years. When I was a teenager, it was the only connection I had to my favorite punk bands that were too big to play the local skate parks and VFW's - so for that, I thank it. I also thank it for, at such a young age, breaking me into the harsh reality of the dingy - yet indestructable - old rock clubs of yore. Because of my training at The Chance, I've successfully navigated through similarly disgusting bathrooms at Coney Island High, Brownies, and CBGB (may you rest in peace), seemingly unaffected by the pools of pee and puke and other HAZMAT-worthy substances. I've learned not to let large, sweaty bald men push me around to get a better view of the stage, and that having friends with big biceps and minor mental-instabilities can sure come in handy. I've come to terms with having to wait in long lines outside; it can be a wonderful time smell the sweet summer breeze and catch up with friends, or - on the flip side - freeze to death and curse the world and all its inhabitants. Because of The Chance, I've learned that pea-brained, 'roid raging, asshole bouncers come in all shapes and sizes. I have not been to this place in a number of years because a) I have grown out of seeing terrible local hardcore bands, and b) all of the good bands play in much nicer venues in NYC with better amenities and facilities, so why not make the trip? Still, there is something about the intoxicating smell of stale beer and sweat-infused wood beams that makes me feel so nostalgic, and the way the sunlight creeps through the cracks of the building late in the day could (still) probably bring a tear to my eye. Oh, Poughkeepsie.
As others have said, this place has been around for ages. I first started coming here to see shows in the late 80s, mostly metal/thrash/hardcore/punk stuff. Just the other night I went back for the first time in about 8 years to catch The Supersuckers, one of my favorite current bands. The Chance has not changed much, I noted. The sound has always been pretty good here, maybe it's the theatrical layout of the venue that allows for the good acoustics, I don't know, I'm not a sound man. I had been here for some rowdy shows through the years, so I can attest to the overzealous goofball bouncers, tossing around angry punk rock teenagers (I was never one, myself- I mostly preferred to stand off to the side or in the balcony and just enjoy the bands). They've actually expanded and now have a connected restaurant next door with a game room, TVs, etc. which is a good option to go waste time in because they love to book MANY bands on the bills....many local bands which may not be your thing when you really just want to see the headliner. I often call ahead to find out the set times, and just show up then. The Chance is a nice alternative to trekking all the way into NYC for us Hudson Valley residents to get our rock on, glad its still around.
This place is old, run down, and dirty. No direct parking. And smelly bathrooms. But if you get drunk enough..... amazing place!
great shows and good location. Gets really hot so drink plenty of water. The pit is probably the best location to see the band. The next levels up are good if you are the first one at the rail. After the first people at the rail you cant really see anything. Great sound system and the security guards are awesome
My favorite place to go to shows in the region, "The Chance!"  Everything about this place is pretty awesome. Ticket pricing is good, acoustics is good, alcohol pricing is a bit steep but the selection is decent... the food is decent and the place has a balcony which adds a neat feature not frequently seen at music venues. You will commonly see a Ninja doing backflips and ninja moves off the balcony and into the crowd. There is plenty of room but most of the bigger shows do sell the place out so unless you are going to see a no-name you'll be pretty crammed in there. Overall though it is a fun and worthy place to go see a concert.
I came to the Chance and Club Cranell frequently when I was in high school.  A lot of punk, ska, and hardcore bands made a stop in Poughkeepsie and my friends and I would usually try to make it down for shows on a regular basis.  The place seems to have changed a lot over the past seven years since I started going. I actually don't think Club Crannell (the better venue in my opinion) is even open, but I could be wrong.  The interior always seemed interesting, but I was always a bit more focused on the music.  As for moshing, the pit, formally used as an orchestra pit, was the smallest mosh pit I had even been confined to.  This usually lead to more dangerous episodes in the pit, but everyone usually survived (except when Hatebreed played. You just expected to get your ass pounded by 300 pound bald, metal guys with long goatees). It's gotten even smalleer since that barricade was erected and now the bouncers are bigger assholes.  There is also a large balcony overhanging the theatre which allows for a more calm experience away from the crowded pit/ bar area.  Definitely not the best venue I have ever been to, but it sure has more character than any venue. Unfortunately, the scene has change quite a bit (or maybe I've just gotten older) and I haven't been here in years.
The Chance is hit or miss honestly. You can see some good shows and not pay an arm and a leg like you would in NYC. I remember one show about 8 years ago being $12 and the same band played in NYC for about $23. I mean it is something to check out if a band you like is playing there and you are willing to make the trek. But as I am getting older I would pay the "$23" to stay in NYC.
This is one of my favorite venues.  I liked it a lot because there is a huge balcony upstairs with some stadium seats, which no one seems to know about, so it's not too crowded.  I went to the 10/30/07 show, which was Sherwood, Armor for Sleep, The Rocket Summer, and The Academy Is..., in which the venue was pretty crowded.  I loved the funky little details all around the stage.  The balcony is great for people watching down below, especially because you can see the crowd in the small mosh pit-esque area.  Their camera policy is ever-changing,  for certain shows, no camera, for others, no flash, sometimes they don't care at all.  If you're under 16 and want to go to an over 16 show, they don't check ID at the door.  The acoustics are pretty good, the lighting set up is amazing, and I had a great time.  The music put on before the show tends to be a little off-putting.  The area is a bit sketch, but as long as the show is pretty well attended, there are enough people milling around outside after the show to make it feel a bit more safe.  The bands tend to be a tossup with local talent and some big bands peppered in.
