Stopped for first time today.   Sat at counter... Owner was friendly and accommodating.    Philly cheese steak with Curley fries was great.   Owner suggested a iced green tea with papaya... Also great!   Good food at a fair price.
This place is consistently great. I work close by and now that i've found it have been going probably 2 times a week. It's all pretty typical american fare, really great for lunch in my opinion. The milkshakes are some of the best i've ever had, the burgers are made of real & very fresh meat, and they know how to cook them like you ask (rare in my case). I've never been to philly, but Noshi's philly cheese steak is the best one I've had. They use real steak, not some steakum bullshit, and their breads are always fresh. The staff are all very friendly, and if you call ahead for your order its always ready when they say it will be. Check this place out for sure!
Always friendly staff, and reasonably priced lunch menu.  Last time I was there, I had two dogs and a soda for under five bucks.  One of my favorite places to grab a quick bite in Poughkeepsie.
Yippee!!! Decent hotdogs in Pok!  Decent prices too
Thanks fellow Yelpers for recommending Noshi's!  We were visiting Poughkeepsie for the day and stopped here for lunch. Parking was not easy, but we did find a place on the street and walked a block. There are 3 tables and then several bar stools for seating. We watched the line proceed out the door while we were dining! It's a popular place and for good reason. Service is good and the food is GREAT! Prices are very reasonable. I'd go here again for sure if we are in the area again.
I love a place like this. A local friend took me here today. It's one of those perfect little places serving perfect little imperfect sandwiches. I had the Detroit Coney Island hot dog and it was a wonderfully messy delicious thing. Forget all the yummy toppings, the dog inside was the star. Not your typical delicious NY dog, this little snappy pale wonder with delicate spicing. Special. The whole thing fell apart but no matter. I had a fork and ate every bit. Definitely worth a stop if you are in Poughkeepsie and even worth a trip. My friend raved about the pastrami. I was too busy with my dog to think to ask for a taste.
This place is GREAT. Cheap and delicious, I mean, not even bad even after American Bounty at CIA the previous night. Coffee (authentic, Columbia coffee) and tea are free. It's reubens are ok, but their haddock wraps and gyros are downright amazing, for about $7 each. Amazing staff. Perfect for Vassar students tired of campus food. And they deliver too. Wow.
We called in to place an order for delivery one night, and the girl on the phone told us sorry, but the delivery boy is taking a nap. What kind of place would ever do that?!
I've only been here once, so far.  A recent review reminded me I need to go back soon. Nothing new to add, it was a great place, people and food.
Excellent hot dogs!!! The chili is awesome and the staff is so friendly and nice. The girl that served us was very hospitable, and realized that we wanted to keep our chili and cheese cup from our tortilla chips. So she just gave us more and we were happy. After you pay there's a little trivia question and if you get it right, it is 25 cents off the order. Unfortunately my group didn't get it right but that's ok, we still had fun. They have so many tasty hot dog toppings and types, and for the price, you are really getting your money's worth at Noshi's Coney Island.
Great food at a great price.  Friendly staff in a quaint setting.
Awesome homemade soups.  The food is made fresh and is always delicious.  The folks who run this place are very warm and friendly.  I really should frequent more often - my fault!
The food was pretty great (I had a burger) but what really impressed me was the service. I could and should probably say this 100 times, but I'll keep it to once: the service I received at Noshi's was IMPECCABLE. Giving me free food while I wait for my meal. Offering to refill my drink when I could easily have done so myself (they have you-fill-your-own-drink soda fountains). Possibly some of the nicest people working in a restaurant I've ever seen! The only complaint I have on the food is that the fries were your standard frozen deal. The burger I got was absolutely delicious, perfectly cooked to my requested medium-rare, and had some pretty great flavor (probably could've used a bit more salt&pepper, but I could say the same for most places). Next time I'm planning on getting curly fries instead of regular fries and maybe trying one of their hot dogs. I can see why all the reviews for this place are so good... Shame it isn't a bit closer to where I live, and shame there's only street parking for the place, but with food and service this good, I think I can make do!
Great dogs, great cheap spot. I usually get 3 regular dogs with ketchup mustard relish onions, but their other stuff is really good too!
My wife and I ate here a couple of weeks ago. I cannot say for sure because I did not have the chili but my wife was very sick that night. That being said. I tried the hot dogs and they were very bland. I'm sure it's a good hotdog but I am used to a more garlic in mt hotdog. The food was average. The presentation needs some work. I have to say they were all very nice there though. I am Not sure if I would go back.
Stopped in for the first time today.  I am not sure why I never stopped in before.  I guess I was craving a hot dog. I got a chili cheese hot dog and fries, which came to $5.15 (though the woman at the counter said "five bucks is fine").  I took it to go, but there were plenty of seats at tables as well as at a 'bar' of sorts right behind the grill.  THe dog was excellent, with good snap and great toppings.  The fries were great, but I had to take off a star due to them being a bit greasy (though they were crisp and not soggy!).  I am going to try Noshi's again and hope to bump this up to 5 stars! The prices are surprisingly low for the area, I suspect the college in the area keeps the prices low.
I've been hearing so much about Noshi's that I had to check it out.  Once again, I should have come here a lot sooner. The food is exceptional on all bases.  The service is fast and the staff is extremely good at what they do. The hot dogs are so good and they're grilled.  The way a dog is supposed to be cooked.  They also have knishes and I'm always in the mood for a good knish.  Speaking of knishes, how many of you has gone to any Nathan's (outside of NYC), noticed knishes on the menu and they NEVER have any?  You won't worry about that with Noshi's.   I would suggest eating in because it has a really nice atmosphere...very warm and comforting with a bonus of great food.   I've only been here once but I'll be a regular REAL quick.
Great place, warm and friendly. Good food and fair price around  the area. Owner is very nice.
A neighborhood place with top quality provisions carefully prepared and served personally by the owners. They are friendly and attentive. This is a simple sandwich shop but is operated with the highest level of customer service. Bravo!
Oh Yeah!!! Love this place.  Stop in for breakfast or lunch and let these guys make you something great! It's a family run place that's very warm, low key and inviting if you've got errands to run in the area.  You look up at their menu and want to try atleast a little bit of everything.  They custom make things if you like(onions with your hash browns or no?)  Hot dogs with every naughty combination you can think of.  Filling breakfast platters.  More than reasonable pricing.  Casual food with Fine service! Don't even think of hitting Wendy's or McDonalds ever again!
Solid small restaurant with fair pricing. The menu accommodates the size of the restaurant well. There's not that much seating or space, but its a nice place to go to get lunch with a friend. I ordered the Po Town Burger (bacon, BBQ sauce, mushrooms, cheddar) and I'd give it an 8/10. Owner didn't know the menu very well which is a turn off, but he's a friendly, personable guy.
Man, this place is just awesome. All of their hot dogs are epic and the staff is the friendliest I've ever seen! It's a family owned restaurant, with only a couple of seats, and they really make you feel at home. If you want to get a quick snack, or have lunch, eat here! You won't regret it whatsoever.
We planned a trip to Noshi's Coney Island after a recommendation from a friend. The cute little shop served up some amazing food for incredibly decent prices. Be sure to stop by and show these guys some support. The menu has something for everyone. There are different kinds of starters, sandwiches and  burgers; we were here for the main attraction, hot dogs. The young gentlemen behind the counter (very cute) took our order, and we sat and waited while they put together our orders. I ordered a deep fried hot dog that was wrapped in bacon covered in cheese and ranch, as well as a chili-cheese dog. The dining room was small, but had a homey feel. We sat and read magazines till our food came out. The hot dogs were to die for. We love hot dogs, and this place. You must go!
Fast friendly service. Gyro was delicious, the best around. Tzatziki was super flavorful. GREAT PRICES!
