This park is great for a lot of things-- there is a disc golf course, a sledding hill, shelters, trails, a dog park (must register first). I've been to this park for parties, picnics, hikes, snowshoeing, to take my dog to play with other dogs, but my favorite activity that I have done here is kayak. You can sign up for a rental and shuttle at Bay Creek and they will drive you into the park and drop you off with a kayak. You can take a leisurely paddle through the park until you get back to Irondequoit Bay. The park is also caters to horse riders... watch your step.
We had a wonderful first experience there a few weekends ago. We found a beautiful shaded area along the creek with a picnic table and it was a great environment for a family day at the park. Everything was green, lush, and well-maintained. The only downside was that the bathrooms were closed which was a bit tricky for my nephews (aged 3 and 4). But overall... great public park!
Love the dog park but please pay the membership fee.  The park tends to flood in the spring but don't let that scare you off.  Ball fields, picnic pavilions, trails, creek. Just a lovley park.
One of my favorite parks. Great during any season, but of course, it's oh so gorgeous during the spring/summer months. When my family first moved to Rochester, this was our usual park. It was winter at the time so there were lots of sledding and ice skating trips to Ellison. The sledding hills are actually pretty nice and gradually increase in size from the Landing Road parking lot toward Blossom (the biggest hill is on the corner of N Landing Rd & Blossom). There's a small-ish pond at the bottom of the hill on Blossom (on the right if you're coming from the the city). It freezes over in the winter and was a great little spot to ice skate with my siblings. We'd bring our own skates (no rentals). In general, the park is huge and has a lot of options depending on what you're looking for. The latest addition has been the disc golf course, which is huge and looks pretty difficult. I've only scoped out the "holes" and seen friends play before. Quite the trek. I also love the open fields for frisbee. There's a great playground and swingset for the kiddos or for the fun loving adult who can't resist the ol' swingset. I like hiking here too, but it's more like a walking excursion because the trails are relatively flat. The woods are beautiful. There are wide trails for the casual hiker and most are about 1 mile long. I like walking along the paths bordering the creek. Plus, it's a perfect place for a little picnic too. On my last visit there was a little flooding though from all the rain so be wary of that. I've walked the Coyote Den Trail (starts at Penfield Rd. & ends at Blossom) and the Indian Landing Trail (a loop in the center part of the park - this trail takes you along the creek). Also, make sure you leash your dogs so you don't get ticketed. If you're looking to bring a group of friends or family out for a BBQ or a party there are countless lodges and shelters to rent. The Pavilion lodge is actually really nice - it has a kitchen & fireplace, finished wood, the whole shebang. (It's pricey though $350 to rent).
This review is solely for the Ellison Park Disc Golf Course. I'm an avid disc golfer and I like to pretend that I'm semi-professional even though I'm really not all that good. Being a self appointed semi-professional means that my opinions on disc golf courses truly matters. It is because of this that you should believe me when I tell you that Ellison Park is a great disc golf course. Unfortunately it isn't exclusively a disc golf course so you have to watch out for walkers, dogs, and picnics around some holes. No matter how many times people throw discs you will still always have those who set up shop in the middle of a fairway or two. Aside from pedestrians, this course has a fun layout with various uphill and downhill shots. A selling point of the course is a 500+ foot downhill par 3. When I say downhill I literally mean that you are throwing off a steep decline. Even beginners will be able to have their longest throw ever on this hole which makes things exciting. The sprawling hills offer some great terrain, but unfortunately it means you also need to climb up gigantic hills. Make sure to bring water because this park is large and the course follows a large portion of it. There is a solid mix of wide open holes and ones laden with giant pine trees and tight fairways. Ellison Park is a perfect course for beginners and experts alike because of this combination.
This is one of my favorite parks to explore in Rochester, no matter the season. Lots of trails and scenic views to enjoy. Very well known for the dog parks and disc golf courses. There are also baseball diamonds, playgrounds, tennis courts, and hills for sledding.
The setting is beautiful, very green and open from what we saw. It was a tad tricky to find the play area, but that's a problem with Siri and she has been reprimanded. I will say if I ever picked up tennis, I would be up for trying out the courts here. We didn't explore much, just the parking area of the tennis courts and the northern children's play area. The play area we checked out is surrounded by lodges, which would make sense because the play area is near them and wouldn't you put the play areas by the lodges so if you had a large family gathering the kids could play nearby? To me, it's a good set up. Even if you're just there for the slides and swings (2 big kid swings, 2 baby swings, 3 toddler slides, 1 big kid twisty slide), you will appreciate being *inside* the park to some degree, not directly on the road. There are a few other lodges scattered throughout the park, so if your intention is to book a lodge near the play area, double check the map. The play area isn't all the inventive, the standard setups with a smaller shorties (ages 2-5) and a slightly larger big kids. Wood chips for ground cover, making it a must to keep shoes on which is probably a plus because ... the things I stepped in as a child... blegh. There's also a few swings off to one side, as well as a bouncy car thing on opposite corners which is awesome if you have 2 kids that both want to play in them but want to play together and race or something. Why are these separate?? Play areas are so boring now. I miss the giant metal wheel thing that the big kids would spin as fast as they could hoping you'd throw up. Loved that metal wheel thing. No metal wheel thing here, but a solid and clean plasticland in a peaceful, well manicured park. Oh, and a few shaded parking spots but not much in tree cover over the playground itself.
