I have actually never had the food here, but I'm kind of a taster of bubble teas (which means I force my boyfriend to be a taster of bubble teas as well) - if I see a place that sells them, I'll normally get it at least once at said place. Now, in saying that, I have to say out of at least twenty other places where I have had bubble teas, this has been probably my favorite for a long time, since I actually lived in Texas and they had one in the mall that close down (the boyfriend agrees on this as well). I rate my bubble teas on things including sweetness, flavor, bobas, and because I always get it in a smoothie form, how melted and watered down my drink is. This place is not anywhere close to my house, but we come here anyway to get a bubble tea.
Oh my god...... The experience I had today at Formosa was truly something else. I can go on a tangent about how horrible this was, but instead I'll just try to make it short. Sushi is quite simply not edible. I'm not talking it's bad sushi like store bought or something but more like spoiled fish and made by a 15  or so "sushi chef". They don't even know how to make sushi, not even in the sushi snob sense, but like literally the rolls were like all messed up and deformed. Let alone completely not edible  as well. My sashimi was spoiled and frozen. Nothing more to that. there's like no one working there really, just a couple kids and some older women it seems. Not nice at all, laughed at me when I told them the fish was frozen words can't really describe the experience, I would say find out for your self but please don't. I'm just crossing my fingers i won't get some parasite. I'm truly in awe. This was by far the worst meal of my life, and it will probably stay that way. Avoid like the plague
I've been trying to think of a reason why I should deduct a star from Formosa, but for the life of me I cannot. Best restaurant of its stripe in Dutchess, with a bullet. Fresh, creative, delicious, excellent value. The scallion pancake, omelet and beef appetizer is killer. How good was it? I was in danger of the "I can't stop eating this food" disease. Willing to put myself in serious discomfort just to keep consuming their stuff.
Have passed this spot continuosly since it opened a few years ago, but never ventured in for a visit - until yesterday. What a great spot, with a HUGE menu and reasonable prices, especially the M-F lunch specials. Hubs and I shared: - omelette and scallion pancake - steamed pork bun - popcorn chicken - pork with scallions (with white rice) - kung pao shrimp (with white rice) We knew it was alot of food, but we really wanted to sample a few things and have leftovers ,which we had plenty of. Everything was delicious, fresh and piping hot.  My fave was the popcorn chicken. Bite size white meat, with a crispy, but not greasy or overly fried coating, and just the right amount of spices and crispy fried basil.  A steal about about $5! My least fave was the steamed pork bun.  It was huge and very, very doughy. I'm not a huge fan of hot and spicy food, but my other half is and he loved the kung pao shrimp - good amount of heat, generous amount of shrimp and fresh, crunchy veggies. We each got a cold green tea - mine lychee and his mango.  He added the tapioca pearls to his to make it a bubble tea.  I prefered the flavor of the mango to my lychee. We didn't have much experience with Taiwanese food and had many questions about some of the dishes. The servers were friendly, helpful and efficient. We will be back often to work our way through the extensive menu.
I reserve 5 stars for an amazing experience and this was one of them. The ambiance was nicer than expected. Casual but trendy. The food here is so good, you can taste the freshness of the ingredients in the food. I'm in awe over the quality you get for these prices. It's one of those places you hesitate to review so highly out of fear they'll raise the prices. I went with my daughter and we shared: the pork bun ($2)- it was good but not great; the popcorn chicken ($4.25)- huge portion and it really is terrific; the minced pork over rice ($3.75)- this was really good and came with half a stewed egg as a bonus; the beef and scallion egg pancake ($4.25)- also delicious and came with a strong ginger sauce inside; and the large bowl of wonton soup ($5.25) which was excellent, made with fresh dumplings, and perhaps the best we've ever had. I really enjoyed the extensive tea list. Any tea, hot or cold, can be made into bubble tea for an extra 50 cents. I had iced mango green tea and it was great. I like that the drinks are served in decorative take-out cups. Just a nice, memorable touch. Service was quick and efficient but we came for an early dinner; it was completely full by the time we left. I can't wait to go back to try entrees like general tso's chicken and fried rice. We wanted to try a shaved fruit ice for dessert but we were stuffed. We took home half our food which cost just $20. We are very happy... and full!
Been to this Taiwanese restaurant a about 5 times now and have always left fat and happy. I usually go with a few people so we can order around and taste a few dishes at a time. The prices are fair and service is always very helpful and courteous. The atmosphere is congenial, the restrooms very clean (which is an important indication of how the place is run) Fair warning when you order certain appetizers there is a small wait (nothing more than 15 mins) Be comforted with the knowledge that it's being made from scratch and not reheated or pre packaged. There is an extensive drinks menu which offers make varieties of teas (bubble tea as well) which are offered hot or cold (which i find very refreshing) The main courses are amply portioned and come out steaming hot. If I was to complain about one thing it would be the plastic chop sticks, very hard to get a grip on the dumplings when they are piping hot and steamy. Id prefer the bamboo ones which offer more grip. But here i'm nit picking. def a good place to check out.
I'm not a huge fan of Chinese food(love the teas however), just because I'm never 100% sure that my meal doesn't have any fish sauce, meat byproducts, etc. Also living in Beijing for several months will do that to a person as well!! I had a friend visiting from Beijing, and was in a bind to find a place that had a nice atmosphere( ie no greasy takeout places...probably where my aversion comes from anyway), as well as menu items she would recognize. Although this restaurant is Taiwanese, there were dishes that seemed agreeable to my friend. We ordered the mao pao tofu(vegetarian) which was excellent, the water cress(which was a bit bland, but healthy), and my friend had the shrimp with broccoli( which I think needed a sauce or something because the broccoli looked a bit boring). We all agreed that the tofu was the best dish. All in all the atmosphere was very nice, and as a result the place gets 4 stars. The booths had nice cushions with a character pattern, and a side of the restaurant had a pagoda awning. They also have a selection of bubble teas. The bathrooms were also clean, which is always a good sign. I would only return to this place if I had out of town visitors from China, but that's only because that's only because I prefer other Asian cuisine more!
Have been there twice (dinner) and very pleased both times. very nice and attentive waitress, explaining if dish has meat in there or what is better for vegetarian choices. we really liked  hot and sour cabbage dish (under veggies section) - awesome flavor and spice, also wide rice noodles with veggies were extremely tasty and has this smokey grilled flavor we love.  tofu with eggplant basil and tofu with black pepper souce were good as well. Will be back!
This is so, so sad.  I have never written a purely negative review before but this experience was beyond belief.  I went to Formosa, expecting a wonderful Asian meal.  What I found was that the owners had converted this restaurant into an all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant.  Okay, I was there already, I'll give it a try.  The food was terrible.  The sushi had an off-smell and was poorly crafted.  The seaweed salad tasted like a cross between seaweed and over-sweetened jello.  I asked for a bowl of noodle soup with pork thinking that I would at least have something decent before I left.  There was no pork, only globs of fat (much of which was cold).  The waitress felt badly, though she gave me a check which would have been on the high side even if the food was good. I was told that the original Formosa moved to another location in Poughkeepsie.  I was also told by one of the staff that the owners give all their attention to that restaurant and little to this new one.  I expect this place to last for a month or two.
I have read almost all the reviews on here and I would like to summarize since this is my favorite place where I bring everyone as often as possible. Taste/Flavor 5+ stars Value 5+ stars Portion size 5+ stars Overall Appearance 5+ stars Selection diversity 5+ stars Wait-staff service 3 stars Wait-staff Sanitary practices 2 stars Everything is top notch (and I mean it) with a few exceptions. The wait staff needs training on sanitary practices such as below: 1. They grab/touch cups/glasses by the rim where ppl put their lips since their hands are dirty especially from clearing other tables. Serve beverages with a tray. 2. They put eating utensils like chopsticks directly on the unsanitary table for new customers. At minimum place on a napkin. Where appropriate.. I gently let them know the above 2 items that I notice over and over. I would go to this place with someone that knows the menu. Rolling the dice is very risky since its authentic cuisine. P.S. Call ahead if you want the steamed pork bun, it takes 20 minutes to cook and if you don't know this (or they don't mention) it could come out after your entree. This appetizer is delicious.
Four words: OCTOPUS BALLS and BUBBLE TEA! I was slightly confused by the side of salt and pepper that came with my octopus balls and they were EXTREMELY hot (I think I burned a layer of skin off my tongue), but there is no way in hell I can give a place that lists both of these amazing things on their menu any less than five stars. Well done!
I love Asian cuisine! Being from California and having sampled the best Korean, Thai, and Chinese cuisine, it's a shame to say that Formosa falls a little flat. Nice decor, and service is just alright. Compared to most of the culinary offerings around Poughkeepsie, Formosa is one of the best. On the other hand, a lot of there dishes are dull in flavor and I love sweet, but most of the chicken dishes I've tasted have the same overly sweet note. The beef larb and pork buns are good and the soups are ok. The fried rice and popcorn chicken is really good, but then again how can you go wrong with a fried piece of chicken? My favorite is the coconut boba milk tea, I have been known to frequent this place just for that. If you have a craving for Asian flavors, I would recommend Formosa over any of Chinese places around.
Really a fantastic place. Originally ordered delivery a few months back and was unimpressed as one of the dishes was severely overcooked. Went back recently with a friend who ordered for me and good was really exceptional. This is coming from the perspective of a vegetarian, but the rest of the table was also really thrilled with their dishes. Do yourself a favor and try to order from the Taiwanese dishes section of the menu...it's what they do best. The tofu with scallions was my favorite dish and I'm slightly addicted to it. The Eggplant with tofu was nice as the tofu was slightly crispy but still soft and the eggplant was luscious and melt in your mouth. Don't be put off by the fact that it is part of the strip mall across the way from Marist...the restaurant is huge on the inside. There are a couple of servers who are slightly incompetent but hopefully you luck out and get one of the good ones.
Im not sure when they stopped caring, or maybe i just happened to be hungry when they were cleaning the scraps from the kitchen, but it wasnt a good experience at all. I ordered the fried calamari, and that wasn't squid, there's no way those were squid. It had the texture of fried rubber-bands, thin, hard, rubber-bands. I also ordered a wanton soup with noodles, it was basically hot water with dough, and a random bok-choy. No flavor, nothing, i had to put eight ounces of soy sauce, and chili just to bear it. I didnt bother to continue eating, at least leaving is simple. I would say, there are better things out here in poughkeepsie, but if you want to take a chance, take a chance with Formosa.
Woo hooo... finally there is a Taiwanese restaurant in Dutchess County. Great food overall and they also have bubble (boba) tea. They offer some Szechuan dishes which I think is pretty good. Oh, try to avoid fried pork chop if you want fried dishes, try popcorn chicken instead.
I was really surprised to find an authentic Taiwanese restaurant in this Hudson Valley region. Unlike other Chinese restaurants in the area which tend to be heavy on sauce and a bit too sweet for my taste, Formosa delivered dishes similar to what you could have gotten in Taiwanese places around Flushing, Queens. We went in a group of eight and had ordered a variety of dishes. The hot and sour soup was delicious. We ordered this authentic Taiwanese dish with a quite unfortunate name - "Heads of Flies" which was stirred fried chives with black beans (black beans resembled flies - hence it gave the dish its distinguished name). The dish was very tasty and went very well with plain rice. Everyone at the table loved the fried stuffed tofu ). Next time I will try the fried pork chop!
Formosa is the only place I will eat Taiwanese/Chinese in Dutchess county from now on! What a find. We have both eat in and taken out. (eat there its better) The vegetables are so fresh, its awesome. The sweet and sour chicken is out of this world good. Have had their wonton soup not a big fan only because they use some sort of sausage in their soup, idk it hits me wrong. Doesn't matter everything else we have had from here (to many to list) has been very fresh and thoughtfully prepared. Ok the service not gonna lie is lousy but once again don't care the bok-choy is awesome! Just thinking about it want to go again soon!
I am way too accustomed to good authentic taiwanese back in Los Angeles to give this establishment a better than average rating, but when I need Chinese food, this gets the job done. The boiled dumplings and their eggplant with pork in garlic sauce is decent and are probably going to be my go-tos for the rest of my stay here in Hyde Park.  Why I docked off a star? Consistency is lacking.  They are almost always out of something on the menu, or they make a mistake on my order, or they forget to give me utensils with my meal.  Also they charge $2 for delivery even when it says delivery with $20+ order.   Note: Delivery guy never has coin change on him.  Just beware..
We've been coming here off an on for the past year, mostly as an excuse for bubble tea. If I had to rate it before this month it would have been around four stars (food was pretty good but not outstanding).  However, they have a new chef and a new menu and so far we've been very impressed - The Chicken w/Basil (Three Cup Chicken) was delicious and just as good as we've had in Beijing.  Along with the bubble tea this place is standout among the rest of the 'Chinese' restaurants in the Hudson Valley.
Taiwanese food, not Chinese food. The taste is very bland, maybe MSG is too expensive these days? The environment is ok but I'm there for good food. Price is rather high compared with other chinese food(there's no other taiwanese food nearby so I'll just compare it with Chinese restaurants).
Best asian dining experience east of the Hudson River in the Hudson Valley area... HANDS DOWN! The food here is as authentic as possible, the owners take great care in making sure the ingredients are top notch, I am a regular here and have never had a bad experience at all. Everyone I take here always come out with big smiles on their faces and come back! I recommend trying: Popcorn Chicken with basil ANY FRIED RICE DISH! (once you've had the fried rice here, you will never order fried rice in any other asian restaurant in the hudson valley, it's not even fair) Pork with Dried Bean Curd Minced pork over fried rice for a quick and cheap meal! Fried Pork Chops, these are AWESOME. Their bubble tea is very good as well. If you live in the area and  are sick and tired of the McChinese takeouts you need to do yourself a favor and come to this place. You will NOT be disappointed.
Very authentic food.  I was missing Excellent Pork Chop House since moving out of the city but Formosa is a great find for Taiwanese food. My favorite dishes are: Popcorn chicken, scallion pancake with beef and egg, Lamb with Sa Cha sauce.  The pork chop and Taiwanese sausage are good too.  Definitely worth checking out!
We've been visiting Formosa on a regular basis since Jan 2011 and disagree with the negative reviews.  This place serves some pretty authentic Taiwanese/Chinese food.  We always enjoy the oyster pancake and our kids love the wonton noodle soup (in clear broth with fried shallots and thin skinned wontons ... as they serve it in the noodle shops of Taiwan) and lo mein.  The fried pork chop breaded with potato starch and the spicy minced chicken are very tasty.   If you are looking for "Chinese" food that are drowning in soy sauce and meat chuncks that are battered, deep fried and covered with bright red/orange high fructose corn syrup, this is NOT the place for you.  The new menu has added even more authentic Taiwanese dishes and street food (pork belly sandwich!) and Chinese vegetables (ones that you would only find in Chinese grocery stores), we've got more reasons to go back to Formosa.
I have been to Formosa twice now and both times were not bad. It looks like they just updated their decor which is much classier. Service is polite and super fast. The menu is pretty extensive and has typical Chinese takeout dishes like General Tso's, as well as Taiwanese specialities. Today I ordered fried octopus balls which come with a side of white rice. They were delicious but for $9.95 seemed over-priced. There is also a large selection of bubble teas which I recommend. Overall, Formosa is relatively cheap, tasty, and fast.
I've had more than my fair share of Chinese/Taiwanese food in the Poughkeepsie area. It's hard to find authentic tasting dishes because a lot of restaurants fall prey to the common "Americanized" recipes. While I don't think Formosa is amazing, they're one of the better ones in the neighborhood. (Don't even try to talk to me about Yeung Ho. Ugh.) The workers are usually really nice and soft-spoken, but they've messed my order up three times on three separate occasions. Usually, I just accept whatever is given to me despite it being wrong, but on 2 of the 3 occasions at Formosa, they gave me something I really couldn't stomach (yeah...the mint honey oolong bubble tea is mad gross). Then when I told them they mixed up my order, they took it back...but not without subtlety making me feel bad. Bubble tea is not bad. The passion fruit smoothie is really good, but I wish they didn't blend the seeds in because it gets annoying when I'm spitting out black chips every five seconds. So if you're looking for a decent meal, Formosa is fine, but I suggest double checking your order every time.
Some of the best Chinese I've gotten in this area.
Ordered some food over there, the food taste regular nothing special. If you are homesick / miss asian food, it will be okay to order some from Formosa. But it has been 2x when my friends and i order food, they never give us change, utensils and sauce for our boiled dumplings. Definetly not a good service. Do not try the pork chop rice with curry. its very bland, pork is not fresh and very bland. Eggplant + pork : taste good, but so oiiilllllllllllyyyyyy.
The only restaurant in NY besides Collichio and Sons and Touch of Naples that I cannot find fault with except maybe more booze it is a 4 college town but the food is awesome so...eat there
A very good authentic Taiwanese restaurant! Formosa Cuisine has surprisingly many options. The homemade sausage was very good - especially with the raw garlic. The scallion pancake w/ egg & slice beef was also an amazing appetizer. We tried a couple of their "Chef Specialty" dishes for our main course. The Kung Pao Chicken goes really well w/ white rice - flavorful and a bit spicy. The shredded pork w/ dried bean curd was also really good. Make sure to ask for their seasonal vegetables. The Chinese Watercress and Taiwanese Cabbage tasted fresh and accompanied our other meat dishes really well. All the dishes were authentic and delicious which was a nice change from typical Chinese takeout. Formosa Cuisine also offers a full array of bubble teas! The Lychee Milk Tea w/ Tapioca was great! Highly recommended to others and will definitely be back!
Delicious!  My bf and I split four dishes and brought a ton home for leftovers.  Mango chicken, pork and bamboo shoots, kimchi fried rice and a dim sum omelet.   Each one was perfect.  We're here on a work/vacation and we're trying not to eat at the same place twice.  We will probably make an exception for Formosa.
I love this place, have been going since they first opened two or three years ago. The popcorn chicken is definitely a must try . I love their Hot and Sour soup, nothing like the run of the mill Chinese Restaurant. Spicy mince chicken is my favorite. If you like lamb, try the Sacha lamb. The dumping are oh so good.  Their bubble tea is excellent. Let's not forget the scallion pancake.  I highly recommend this little gem of the Hudson Valley.
My group of friends and I are regulars here. It is one of the best Asian restaurants in this area. The boba is very carefully made, as well as the amazing food from the kitchen! Personal favorites include kimchi fried rice, pork roll, and of course the Taiwanese-style sausage bento. The atmosphere is hip and the service is attentive. They deliver now, too!
Best good quality to dollar ratio around.  Always tastes fresh and delicious.  Some favorites: Popcorn chicken bento, hot and spicy minced chicken, egg drop soup, veggie fried rice.
NO DUCK SAUCE ON THE TABLE, BECAUSE IT AIN'T CHINESE If you stopped eating Chinese everywhere except China Towns like I have,because your fed  horribly sweet foods and almost raw fried rices and wonton's your in luck and at of all places poughkeepsie NY. As many mentioned service is not great, so go Sunday at noon, not Friday night especially when near bye college is in season. As far as complaints about squid I dont order it in a upstate place with a multi page menus. Also Chinese squid is always Hard even in China Town! I'M BEGGING YOU, PLEASE ADD ROAST DUCK, ROAST PORK AND CRISPY PIG TO   THE MENU, AND OF COARSE  HANG THEM IN THE WINDOW............................
Thanks, enthusiastic Yelpers who guided us to this place!   We decided to drive up the Hudson for a random spring adventure and ended up starving in Poughkeepsie and wondering what we could possibly eat.  Formosa popped up on my Yelp app as one of the best rated restaurants in the nabe. We ordered mapo tofu, Taiwanese mei fun, noodle soup, and when the food came out, I was pretty surprised to see really homemade looking food.   The broth in the soup tasted like maybe root veggies and other delicious mysterious things instead of the usual canned chicken broth, and the cabbage in the mapo tofu was cooked until just sweet and tender.  The mei fun had a delicious soy sauce based sauce (turnip? what is the secret ingredient??) and the minced pork topping both the noodle dishes had us scrambling in the nooks and crannies of noodles for the last bits. The very friendly waitress came over to ask how everything was, and I responded, "Tastes like something my mom would make, if she were Taiwanese!"
Oh, Formosa... Sometimes change isn't a good thing. For those not, "in the know", over 1 month ago, this gem of a nice taiwanese restaurant hidden within the bowels of the saddest strip mall you ever did see, switched over to the inexplicable new trend of ayce sushi joints. As a side note, the taiwaneseness has moved to a different (but close) location under the name "Formosa Asian Cuisine". It's even more underwhelming, sadly. I was pretty eager to try this one, since the restaurant had previously been pretty good, and fairly authentic, according to my taiwanese friends. Now, as a completely different entity, it's merely so-so. The decor has remained the same, which is a good thing. You'll be hard-pressed to find a bigger difference between the dilapidated and shady look of the outside compared with the modern fusion-like, asian-inspired look of the inside. The food itself was actually pretty darn good. The problem actually lies in the service. And for the first time in all my reviews, that had nothing to do with the waitress, who was actually very good. The problem was that there must have been only one chef, or perhaps 2 semi-trained monkeys, as the dishes/sushi we ordered took FOREVER to come out. As with the other new ayce sushi places popping up like fungus, you order from a checklist of approved sushi/kitchen items and they bring the food after it is prepared, as opposed to the minado-style of "grab any item i can see". This has the advantage of being very freshly made (and the food itself at this place was tremendous, yet takes eons to make it to your table (funny enough, as there were only 3 other parties of 2 on the rainy monday evening we went. On a positive note, this was the first in all the times I've had ayce sushi where i received everything i marked, and not have the staff "forget" some items. All the good from that, though, was offset by the inane rules posted about the ayce option. Must finish all or else $1 per item. Sure, that's fair, happy to oblige. But 20% automatic gratuity no matter the size of their party? Lame.  I consider myself a fair tipper, but hate getting forced to do anything. Oh. And kids 5-12 are half-price (full =21.95). Anyway, I would still prefer sushi village. If you want to try this place, drive through the citgo parking lot and the restaurant is towards the end of the main building as far forward as you can go.
Formosa is Taiwanese, but after eating here multiple times, I never want to go back to any basic Chinese restaurant again.  I don't know much about Taiwanese cuisine, but to me it's like "better Chinese" (no offense to my Chinese friends, I know American Chinese is not real Chinese etc etc).  Anyway, the food is outstanding.  Always very fresh.  Hot and sour soup is the best I've had anywhere.  I'll often get it for a whole meal and add noodles.  The prices are super cheap, the portions are hefty and the food is just good.  I had the popcorn chicken today and cannot stop thinking about how tasty it was.  They also have a bunch of different bubble teas, but I'm always way too full to try them!  I'm docking it one star because it can be slow for the food to come out...but the people are nice and the food is so good that you wind up forgetting that an hour after you've left.
The new name is Formosa Asian Cusine. It is excellent, A diverse menu with Taiwanese, Chinese, Formosa, Korean items. Food was fresh, flavorful and portions were more than ample. Prices with very reasonable. Try the $16.95 special more than worth it. Highly recommended, One of the best new restaurants of this type to open the the area in a very long time.
As good as it gets indeed. The food was authentic and very tasty. Won ton soup was delivered to the table first with fresh bok choy that must have been bought that morning. The entrees were excellent and prepared perfectly. I had the lamb and scallions, which has a very rich sauce and a perfect balance of flavor. Also the pork buns may take about 20 minutes to cook, but they are delicious. I had them to finish the meal, a welcome surprise for what I first anticipated as an appetizer. I don't know if they have a call ahead plan with those, but I'm sure if you called ahead they would happily start an order for you. The staff is very friendly. Also the restaurant is surprising. From outside it looks like its barely impressive, but once you open the door its beautiful inside. I highly recommend this for anyone in the area looking for good food.
This place rocks the fruit teas are phenomenal and so is the food. Everything here definitely taste fresh and not frozen. The atmosphere is great however the only problem is the fact that the location of the area is in a very secluded area. So it will be quite difficult to find for some new people. I love this place and the people are friendly. So what are you waiting for. GET GOING LOL!!
I went to this place because I heard great things about it.  My wife ordered a dish that was " authentic pork dish".   It was 90 percent fat.  When I told the manager that she could not eat that, she just looked at us and smiled.  Bad form!  They could have offered to bring her something she could eat.  How much would it have cost them?   It's too bad because then I might have come back for a second visit and instead I am writing a bad review.....something I rarely do.
CANAL STREET HAS COME UPSTATE! Let me repeat this...CANAL STREET is here, FINALLY!  Formosa Cuisine is a delightful surprise in many, many ways.  There is now real BUBBLE TEA up here.  I don't have to make it anymore to feed the beast.  No more buying Bubble Tea kits  online...I'm not a druggie but I will perform devious feats for the boba.  Lychee? Gimmie that! Taro? Hand it over now! SCOTT S.!!! I'm calling you out!  Get your ass there and have some crack in a glass. About the food; EXCELLENT.  The previous reviewer, James C. beat me to the punch for 1st review, but he's exactly right.  They serve absolutely fantastic Taiwanese food. The menu emulates almost any place on Canal, Grand or Centre Streets.  To be honest, Marist doesn't deserve this place.  They better damn well help to keep it alive.  I had the Pork Chop Noodle Soup and the presentation was great.  The broth was not too salty but full of flavor.  Every table has a jar of chili-garlic sauce.  I didn't need it but  you have to use it when it's sitting there.  You never have chili sauce simply sitting on a table in this area.  My wife had the Fried Shrimp Udon Noodle Soup.  She enjoyed it a lot.  My kids had the Chicken Lo-Mein and I had to take a taste.  Very, very well done.  My compliments to the kitchen staff there.  The menu is quite large and very soon, they will serve BREAKFAST.  Imagine that. I won't get wordy but look at my list for me to order in the future: Kim Chi & Pork Fried Rice Pork Ball Soup Grilled Seasoned Eel Pan Fried Egg w/ Dried Radish Minced Pork & Shrimp over Noodle BBQ Taiwanese Style Sausage Not your typical takeout items. BE. THERE. NOW.
This place is a little hard to find, but worth it.  The food was superb.  Not the usual fare, with unique flavors and nice portions.  Try the pancake appetizer, the chicken with black pepper, and the hunan chicken.  We ate every morsel.
Cheap, tasty, and fast. Relatively healthy if you order the right things (although some of the wrong things, like the popcorn chicken, are worth having every once in a while as long as you pay for it in the gym). I always get the kimchee fried rice. Not as spicy and good as the authentic ones you can get at a Korean restaurant, but pretty good nonetheless. My fiance likes their scallion pancakes with beef, and we both like the bamboo pork. Restaurant staff are very friendly, and the service has been good.
Formosa is a little hole in the wall on rt. 9, across from Marist College. The food is great! My boyfriend and I are there at least once a week. They have a very friendly staff and the menu has a very large selection. I have yet to be disappointed. The food portions are generous. And the flavors are bountiful. Don't go in expecting to get top notch service. It won't happen. After all this is an Asian/Taiwanese restaurant, where emphasis is put on the food, not table service. But, the staff is always smiling and very friendly and will get you anything you may need.  I highly recommend Formosa to anyone wants great Taiwanese cuisine.
Best Chinese in NY... And that's coming of a guy who is used to delicious west coast Chinese food(sf china town/ surrounding area). My gf, who's family owns a Chinese food place, and is Chinese American, also agrees. So, definitely go taste their deliciousness.
Got delivery from here today. It took a full hour but we weren't in a hurry and the women on the phone had a lot of trouble understanding our order and credit card info. We ordered General Tso's, pork dumplings, scallion pancakes, pork lo mein and wonton soup and overall we thought it was good. Much better than other local options by far. Pretty pricey for this type of food though.
:) Oyster omelet is delicious. Everything is pretty authentic. We are definitely coming back. Great food!!!!
Very good food, portion sizes are a bit small though.
The only authentic Taiwan food you can find near the Poughkeepsie area (unless making a trip to Flushing NY). Strongly suggest trying dishes from the Taiwan menu page and also the bubble tea. The fried popcorn chicken, sweet yam and tofu are also must try items.
Really a fantastic place. Originally ordered delivery a few months back and was unimpressed as one of the dishes was severely overcooked. Went back recently with a friend who ordered for me and good was really exceptional. This is coming from the perspective of a vegetarian, but the rest of the table was also really thrilled with their dishes. Do yourself a favor and try to order from the Taiwanese dishes section of the menu...it's what they do best. The tofu with scallions was my favorite dish and I'm slightly addicted to it. The Eggplant with tofu was nice as the tofu was slightly crispy but still soft and the eggplant was luscious and melt in your mouth. Don't be put off by the fact that it is part of the strip mall across the way from Marist...the restaurant is huge on the inside. There are a couple of servers who are slightly incompetent but hopefully you luck out and get one of the good ones.
Woo hooo... finally there is a Taiwanese restaurant in Dutchess County. Great food overall and they also have bubble (boba) tea. They offer some Szechuan dishes which I think is pretty good. Oh, try to avoid fried pork chop if you want fried dishes, try popcorn chicken instead.
Formosa is the only place I will eat Taiwanese/Chinese in Dutchess county from now on! What a find. We have both eat in and taken out. (eat there its better) The vegetables are so fresh, its awesome. The sweet and sour chicken is out of this world good. Have had their wonton soup not a big fan only because they use some sort of sausage in their soup, idk it hits me wrong. Doesn't matter everything else we have had from here (to many to list) has been very fresh and thoughtfully prepared. Ok the service not gonna lie is lousy but once again don't care the bok-choy is awesome! Just thinking about it want to go again soon!
We've been coming here off an on for the past year, mostly as an excuse for bubble tea. If I had to rate it before this month it would have been around four stars (food was pretty good but not outstanding).  However, they have a new chef and a new menu and so far we've been very impressed - The Chicken w/Basil (Three Cup Chicken) was delicious and just as good as we've had in Beijing.  Along with the bubble tea this place is standout among the rest of the 'Chinese' restaurants in the Hudson Valley.
Best asian dining experience east of the Hudson River in the Hudson Valley area... HANDS DOWN! The food here is as authentic as possible, the owners take great care in making sure the ingredients are top notch, I am a regular here and have never had a bad experience at all. Everyone I take here always come out with big smiles on their faces and come back! I recommend trying: Popcorn Chicken with basil ANY FRIED RICE DISH! (once you've had the fried rice here, you will never order fried rice in any other asian restaurant in the hudson valley, it's not even fair) Pork with Dried Bean Curd Minced pork over fried rice for a quick and cheap meal! Fried Pork Chops, these are AWESOME. Their bubble tea is very good as well. If you live in the area and  are sick and tired of the McChinese takeouts you need to do yourself a favor and come to this place. You will NOT be disappointed.
We've been visiting Formosa on a regular basis since Jan 2011 and disagree with the negative reviews.  This place serves some pretty authentic Taiwanese/Chinese food.  We always enjoy the oyster pancake and our kids love the wonton noodle soup (in clear broth with fried shallots and thin skinned wontons ... as they serve it in the noodle shops of Taiwan) and lo mein.  The fried pork chop breaded with potato starch and the spicy minced chicken are very tasty.   If you are looking for "Chinese" food that are drowning in soy sauce and meat chuncks that are battered, deep fried and covered with bright red/orange high fructose corn syrup, this is NOT the place for you.  The new menu has added even more authentic Taiwanese dishes and street food (pork belly sandwich!) and Chinese vegetables (ones that you would only find in Chinese grocery stores), we've got more reasons to go back to Formosa.
I have been to Formosa twice now and both times were not bad. It looks like they just updated their decor which is much classier. Service is polite and super fast. The menu is pretty extensive and has typical Chinese takeout dishes like General Tso's, as well as Taiwanese specialities. Today I ordered fried octopus balls which come with a side of white rice. They were delicious but for $9.95 seemed over-priced. There is also a large selection of bubble teas which I recommend. Overall, Formosa is relatively cheap, tasty, and fast.
Some of the best Chinese I've gotten in this area.
The only restaurant in NY besides Collichio and Sons and Touch of Naples that I cannot find fault with except maybe more booze it is a 4 college town but the food is awesome so...eat there
Delicious!  My bf and I split four dishes and brought a ton home for leftovers.  Mango chicken, pork and bamboo shoots, kimchi fried rice and a dim sum omelet.   Each one was perfect.  We're here on a work/vacation and we're trying not to eat at the same place twice.  We will probably make an exception for Formosa.
