We were members of the Maplewood YMCA for eight years -- and loved it! The front desk staff is welcoming and the newly renovated facilities are excellent! This is a smaller Y, so not as many classes are offered, but what it lacks in size it more than compensates in friendliness. It truly felt like family! Mostly everyone greets one another with a smile -- at the very least. We developed many friendships at the Y, and though we have moved to another neighborhood, still keep in contact with them frequently. There is a great sense of  community: they have programs for every age - from preschoolers to senior citizens. The Lily Cafe is a program specifically developed for seniors and is wildly popular. I have a former neighbor who attends it nearly daily and it has enriched her life greatly. She's gone on field trips, discovered new interests and abilities, and has expanded her social support network significantly. (Among one of my favorite Y members is "Granny". She is in her 70's and lifts weights regularly!) The yoga instructors are among the best: informative, instructive, caring and personable. The variations in class always impressed me. You will not find a yoga class that does endless sun salutations here! I did not realize what high caliber instructors the Maplewood Y had until I tried other facilities classes. The egos of some of these yogis seem to contradict the entire philosophy of acceptance and love in yoga. The Maplewood Y brings the values and mission on the YMCA to life. As mentioned, we have moved, and we sorely miss the Maplewood Y. We have tried several gyms and none have come close.
I was at this location to hold a flu vaccine clinic for the members, so I did not get a chance to use the equipment. But I did have a chance to tour the facilities and it is beautiful inside. From the outside it appears to be an older building, so I expected the same on the inside. But it looks like they have renovated it and it looks great! Everything inside appears to either be brand new or has been kept in great condition - exercising equipment, gym, and the pool. They have classes that are held most days of the week, which includes zumba, yoga, pilates, body conditioning and a variety of others. On weekdays, for members that are 60 years of age or older, they have a complementary lunch buffet. I was there on a Wednesday and it definitely looked like the place to be for them. The cafe area was packed and I did not see any empty seats to be filled. The front staff was also extremely friendly and helpful throughout the day as we held our clinic. I would recommend taking a look at this location if you are looking to join a YMCA in the area.
Facilities were recently renovated, beautiful new 25 meter pool, nice treadmills, fitness equipment, but can be tight when busy.  Offers classes, but not as frequently or as much variety as other branches.  Great swim program for kids, city waves...our daughter started at 11 and has learned a ton and made some great friends.
