What I enjoyed of this paintball field are the rugged locations they had, like Delta for instance Plainwoods nothing but shear wits that you need in order to survive. With approximately 15 to 20 fields that you have in order to play. Also this is one of the first paintball fields out here. The owner was very courteous and very informative of his pass games and the teams he sponsors. The referee that we had was very fair in our games, and I have to say for people that might probably have asthma or small repertory malfunctions, they try to accommodate them by taking them to the field in a vehicle. I have never been in a paintball organization that are very courteous like this. I recommend my other friends to come yes if you wish not only to enjoy a day of paint balling but to get a brief history on the sport itself. If you ever at PSI look for us the league of  shadows.
I was here on a Sunday 10/19 & was pleasantly surprised. I came with friends & a pretty big group of people. We arrived early & once here basically almost immediately we suited up & were on the field. The area itself is great , nice & spacious with a few fields to play on & they are adding a new field at the moment. The space consist of an office area , a place for adding air & an area for target practice. This along with an area for groups where you can leave all your stuff & basically camp here After a round of paintball we had the BBQ set up for some grilling this is cool that you can do this , you can also place an order for pizza also good since u defiantly wok up an appetite   Everyone goes out in groups with the group leaders & once all rules are understood its battle time. After a few rounds backs & forth we did take time in between to eat & just hang round. I enjoyed the wooded area , beautiful scenery on a nice fall day.   My first time at paintball & I had a great time , The staff was very nice & everything went smoothly though the day. This place was a lot of fun i would definitely come back.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! Came here with my boyfriend and a group of friends for his birthday celebration! We got lucky and found a deal for admission, unlimited air, rentals and gear! For another 100 we were able to get a private ref - CASPER! He was awesome - ask for him! He was super helpful with our large group (like 12) helping us have our googles cleaned and calling in more air - he helped me get a new gun too because it jammed during the first game. [ASIDE: when i tested first tested my gun, i found that it had jammed  and was not shooting so i asked a guy who worked there about it - he asked me if i took the safety off... -_- i've never been paintballing but i know how to shoot a gun and listen to directions.. he jiggled it and then it shot fine so i looked like such a girl not knowing how the gun worked. Well during our first game, i'm running for my life and then came to find that the damn thing had JAMMED! Thankfully Casper helped me get a new gun and I continued on with a number of headshots that day I might add *pats self on back*] We played some awesome fields - i don't remember the names, but it was a big field, one with a castle in the middle, one with 2 houses with 2nd floors(!!!) and some other ones with tires. It was awesome too because it wasn't too cold or hot - it was nice and crisp and even started snowing flurries at some point. It was perfect! The owner told us that this was the largest and oldest paintball field in the world - lol i have no reason to doubt it so i won't. All the staff were very nice and friendly and everything went smoothly - waivers, gear etc. They even set up lunch where we tell them what time we want to eat and they have the food ordered and delivered for when we arrive back at base to eat. Half of us had never paintballed, but we were with awesome people and we all had a blast! I just wish they hadn't closed so early (4pm on a Sat in March). I would DEFINITELY come again and DEFINITELY RECOMMEND! :)
This is my second review of this place! Came here again for my bday a year later. It was just as awesome as the first time. My girlfriend set it up as a surprise for me this time and she told me that she spoke with Joanne who was a pleasure to deal with! We specifically requested Casper as our ref again because he was so awesome last year. Thankfully we got him and he was just as good and cool as always. Im going to try to start going at least twice a year because this much fun shouldnt only be had once a year. Thanks again for your professionalism guys!
Traveled up here last Sunday with coworkers. The staff there know what they're doing and are huge on safety so you can be rest assured that nothing will happen. They're reputation is great for no accidents. They have a ton of different fields to play in! It was so much fun! It can get pricey though. I'd recommend going in a large group so you can play the fields alone and get 500 paintballs with the price of your game. I'm telling you now 500 paintballs is not enough and they get you with charging $27 (!!) for another bag so keep it mind the cost could go up.
My company planned a team building event here.. we all had a blast! They were accommodating from the start.  We had the place to ourselves, our own ref/coach, lunch waiting for us at desired time. We got so many games in- we never felt rushed. The fields were great. We got the chance to play on several different ones, so we didn't have a moment of boredom.  PSI used to be Cousins'- there was some confusion when I was searching for a place to play paint ball close to NYC. Apparently Cousins' didn't want to promote them. If you are looking for a place with great people and great prices PSI is a must try!! We are already talking about our next team building event here!
Place itself is great, has many fields and not too far. Price is good too. Our Ref was excellent. My only complain is that it looks like guns and goggles are never cleaned, just placed back on the shelf. There was dry paint in markers sights, under masks lens etc.
Let me caveat this by saying I have never written a Yelp review before but given the customer service I received with Paintball Sports (not to mention the amount of fun the group had) I felt inclined to write this review. I came here with ~40 work colleagues a week or two ago. From the initial phone call, to the ordering of camo gear and lunch through the equipment check and paintball games, everyone at Paintball Sports was EXTREMELY accommodating and friendly. The fields were awesome, guns were great (some broke but the refs would just run back and get us new ones mid game) and the games were alot of fun. Casper and the rest of the refs were very helpful getting us more air, paint...basically whatever we needed. Only minor gripe is to have air at the fields so that we can hop right back into the games vs. having to walk back to the office. Other than that the experience was great and we definitely plan on getting back up there for another outing soon.
