Adam took me here as part of my birthday weekend as opposed to going to the gym for a work out. We came in the morning hoping to avoid some of the people which was a great idea. We got there a little after 10:00 and did an hour of jumping. Adam figured we work out quite often, 1 hour would be a piece of cake - HA! What a joke! Being able to run a long distance is helpful since I could last the entire hour but if we were to jump over an hour I think I would have died. Only a few hours after we finished jumping I was super sore and realized maybe I should lift more weights. They place was a lot of fun. There is the main jumping area with a ton of trampolines. There is another area with basketball hoops, a third area that you can do tricks into a foam pit and then the dodge ball courts. All of the areas were a ton of fun but once you jump into the foam pit, good luck getting out. It was sooo hard that I decided 1 jump was more than enough. I didn't get back in. We played a few rounds of dodge balls but got our butts kicked by little kids each time. We are happy we went early and I suggest the same for any 'big kids' who want to go. At about 11:00 AM a birthday party came in and started to take over making me happy that we had about 15 minutes of jumping left. If I were to come with a kid the 60 minutes to jump would be good but if Adam and I come again we think we will do 30 minutes. Also, you have to buy their socks. They cost $2.00 each which isn't bad and have lots of grippies on the bottom, which is a must, so you don't fall. Overall, this is a fantastic place to come and have some indoor fun especially if you have a little one who needs to get their energy out. Adam and I will probably come here again especially with our niece in tow. It is a fun change to what we normally do and an amazing workout.
"Chris cross will make you jump jump" lol Came here for a birthday party today for my son who is 4 and thought it would be choas for a saturday afternoon but I was pleasantly surprised to find that even though pretty packed it was very spacious at the same time. Great organization as far as parties go. Party kids get giant stickers for the front of their shirts.  I like how they controlled crowding. The bigger kids were very respectful of the younger ones. There is a section for toddlers who dont feel comfy jumping with everyone and there's a dodgeball section! DID YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID PEOPLE?!! DODGEBALL!! ON TRAMPOLINES!! Woohahaha... Ahem *cough* the child in me came out for a sec..moving on...Staff was extremely polite and you get to keep the tred socks they give you. Who doesn't like  fun socks?!! Can't wait to take my kiddo back!
We came here to kill some time with my toddler. This place is super kid friendly. He had a blast. There is a special toddler area that was great so I didn't have to worry about big kids crushing him. You have to buy their socks (has a thick non slip grip) for $2. We went on a Saturday at 5pm and it wasn't crowded. My son loved jumping into the foam pit. We were visiting from Toronto so I'm excited to see we have a sky zone too. I worked up a sweat!
You and your kids can bounce off the walls, literally! Great place, staff seemed attentive and even though they were sold out, we had plenty of space to jump. At $14 per hour, it can be expensive though. I'm hoping to see a groupon or something soon! Also, their online ticketing system still has lots of problems! I'm glad I purchased tickets last week!
I took my 2 kid's here and they had a blast! It's a little pricey, but they have so much more than just trampolines you have in your backyard. My youngest is extremely ADHD - so this is the one place he can really let his energy out. You pay by the hour, but it tires out my 2 boys in 2 hours and they are sleeping or really quiet on the way home (which NEVER happens!) - so it's worth every penny. You must buy their skyzone socks for safety. But you can bring them from home after you buy them once.
Such a fun place. I went with 12 of my adult friends (very big kids) on a Saturday night (Jumpapalooza) and had a blast playing dodgeball, pretty much the whole time, from 9pm-11. We took breaks every now and then to practice our flips (belly flops) into the foam pit and our fancy slam dunks. We chose a Saturday night because we figured the little ones would be in bed. There were mostly teens and a few other adults/ fathers "bringing their children." :) If you have kids or are a big kid yourself- this place is a place to go. Be patient with the staff- it is a new place in Rochester, so they still seem to be working out the kinks. Large groups should reserve times weeks in advance if you want to ensure that you will all get tickets on the same day.
