I've been going to midtown now since the fall and overall I have been very happy with everything the club has to offer - tons of group fitness classes, yoga, Pilates, spinning - there is literally something available for all types of fitness junkies. I do wish they could make another group fitness studio upstairs so they could have a couple classes going at once (they are definitely big enough for it). The instructors are awesome and I really haven't run into a bad one - Betty, Meghan, christine, and lizabeth are some of the best! The pool makes the club and the cafe and restaurants are nice, but swiping your card can get dangerous for your monthly statement! I do think midtown is overpriced especially for a small city like rochester and where new boutique pop up gyms and functional fitness gyms are popping up everywhere - they need to add a turf of new age things to the weight room like more ropes, boxes, etc. I feel that this would attract some fresh, young faces to the aging population here. But all in all, midtown is nice, well kept, and I could spend the whole weekend there with everything they have to offer!
This place is awesome! You name it, they have it! I have finally found Rochester's secret paradise... Midtown's outdoor Pool! You literally step outside and forget you are in New York. Amazing group exercise classes, great cardio and weight machines! Awesome tennis courts - both indoor and outdoor. A really cool and large Kids Zone, Smoothie bar, WIFI, lounge, Sauna and steam room... Like I said, they have it all. On top of having everything, it is all kept in immaculate condition! The staff are wonderful, very nice and helpful. I cant say enough good things about this place.
the weight area is pretty old, disorganized and it doesn't have enough equipments. If you are looking for a place to socialize and talk this is your place but if you are looking for a gym to work out then you are at the wrong place.
5/16/2014 I am so over Midtown.  Participated in a weight loss challenge with a coach that was MIA for most if not all of the 90 days. When we confronted her with 28 days to go she vowed to make it righ but then we never heard from her.  I hate that there is no 30 minute circuit like at most other clubs.  Soap opera type enviroment with rude members. Got into a text fight with JC and mind you this is an grown man of around 55 calling another member! Me, a bitch!  Huh???  All because he felt he had to stand up for our absent trainer. I'll use the pool this summer and then I'm done. Oh wait, have I mentioned the horrible website?!  Cluttered, not updated, hard to navigate, lacks pertinent useful information. It's a disaster!  No one even checks it like a web admin. A total mess. If I'm paying out the a$$ for a club I want everything to be spot on.
If you're ever in Rochester (NY) & you hotel offers comp passes to work out at Midtown, USE THEM! Between the tennis/basketball/squash courts, extensive selection of cardio & weight training equipment, classes, pool, whirlpool (indoor & outdoor grotto-style), steam room & sauna - not to mention the customer service - I couldn't decide what to do each day. #amazing #bestclubever
Ok this place is great for the 99% of people that work out, but I am part of the 1% so they don't get 5 stars from me.   MTAC is a country club gym, which mean everything in very clean and brand new, well laid out, has about everything you could want from a athletic center, really friendly staff (keep that in mind for later in this post), cafe is good, and the bathrooms are great. My mom loves this place and the tennis group she played with there, this is a good gym for women (according to my mom) as no "meat heads are staring at you in the mirror".   So based on the other review and part of mine you know this place is good, so why did I not like it? Some of the members there have real attitude problems, they think that since they pay way too much to be a member here that they can be total A## holes to the staff and even other members who happen to working out hard.  The country club feel is hard to shake off when you are trying to really push yourself and have an intense workout, I found it hard to focus there and they free weight area was small.   I am not a "gym rat" but part of the reason I had a hard time trying to focusing was because I was surrounded by people who are there to socialize not work out.   So.... yeah..... the staff is friendly but for those married men who send their house wifes here.....  you might want to check in on their "private" sessions with their trainer.  It was obvious plus I knew two trainers there that did have "private" sessions with some of their clients.  Sad thing about this was, some of those women really needed the help in the gym. Another issue, too many teenage kids were working out there who did not know their hamstring from their triceps.  It was painful watching them try to work out. Overall it was not the place for me, I like the hard core gyms with no pop music and apex pushing trainers.  But for just about everyone else, this place is great.
Been a Midtown member since '92 and I finally left this month.  The IDEA of Midtown, I find, is far better than the actual experience.  I know they're trying to be a new style of "family country club", but the renovations have led to facilities that cater too much to kids and teens and family socializing over a club that offers a serious high end work out experience (I don't want to hear screaming kids while I'm working out, nor jazz bands).   Core fitness equipment remains old and broken.  Not enough weights and weight machines to service the serious fitness person.  The women's locker room is way overdue for improvement, with cheap shampoos, a steam room that's too often shut down, and the indoor jacuzzi feeling like an old YMCA.   And the cafe is a huge disappointment for the money we pay to have it... terribly poor in both quality and healthy food options.  I go to Breathe or Starbucks right after leaving Midtown... if you think about it, that's a good indication something's not right.   At $140/month single membership, the value was gone.  So, I've decided to join LA Fitness for $29.99/month... all new machines, pool, spa, steam, juice bar, new facilities... and the women's locker room is actually nicer.  I put the rest of my savings towards spa treatments at Scott Miller, and in the end I get so much more fitness & treatment for the same money. I do like the more intimate feel of Midtown better, and certainly its location is better, but it's not enough to warrant the dues I was paying for other people's kids to run around and weekly bridge games and jazz bands to distract me from my workouts. I thought Midtown was going to become a sophisticated, high end fitness club... but I think it's taken a turn towards a more stale & stuffy family social scene.  Reminds me of Whole Foods vs. Wegmans... businesses that think they have a sophisticated brand, when in actuality, they're missing the mark.  A general Rochester problem, I think.
This is the highest end, most expensive gym in Rochester. I joined in July 2007 and dues for a single person were $114 per month. As of Feb 2010, they are now $129 per month. I've also noticed a decline in quailty of service. There has been a steady increase in the amount of broken equipment. In fact I've had to change my workout on a number of occasions because I couldn't get on a machine I wanted due to too many being broken. Lately, I've had to wait for weight machines too. They have a ton of extra stuff that I don't care about. And I don't understand the pool. It's an outdoor pool only. And its not really for working out, its more like a meat market hang out pool at a Club Med. The staff used to be much better at working with members than they are now. I had a decrease in income due to job issues last winter, and called to cancel. They were very nice, and offered to suspend my membership for a couple months. But that niceness is gone. I called to put my membership on hold for this month, as I'll be out of the country for 3 weeks. They refused since it's not a business trip. So I said, "OK, cancel me" They claim its too late to cancel for Feb. Evidently they are powerless to stop a computer from debiting my account. I was livid. I would have expected them to offer some kind of compensation, such as a partial refund, or a free week or two when I get back, to maintain good will and try to keep me as a member. But when I asked "so you think it's OK to charge me $130 when you know I'm not going to be able to use the gym" they just kept repeating "There's nothing we can do" I've been feeling like I'm wasting money there for a while anyway. It's far more expensive than anybody needs to pay for a gym. The clientele is snobby and cliquish. And, as Lars H said, you can't really get a good, hard workout in this environment. The only thing that kept me there for this long is that it's the closest gym to me. But it's obvious that they don't care about maintaining customer good will. So I"m done.
Super nice facility on the eastern side of the city... I was a member a looong time ago. Since rejoining MidTown, I've yet to take full advantage of the amenities BUT plan to do so once I sort out what I want to do here. It's been great, however,  catching up with my friends who are members here.
Once you go to Mid-Town you won't be able to go anywhere else.  The gym is clean and spacious and everything is pretty much taken care of for you.  There's a cafe if you need a snack or forgot your water or even want something for lunch.  There are plenty of machines and free weights so you never have to wait for something to free up and there's a good range of classes offered as well.  The gym is also expanding to include more outdoor facilities including a large pool.  This is also definitely the place to be if you're into tennis and are interested in joining a league.
