Love it here! I mean, how can one not love a park. Our kickball team plays here pretty regularly, so I've gotten my fair share of visits in here. There's lots of flat, open space for any sort of sports you want to play. If you're into hiking/jogging, there's also a really nice trail that goes through the park and takes you over the canal. They do have pavilions available for get togethers, and there are picnic tables and grills available as well. They do not have trash receptacles here, and it is a carry in/carry out park. It can be a little difficult to find parking during the summer evenings, as they do use the park for kickball games from 6-8 and you also have your normal after work crowd coming to unwind. Just be sure to park in designated areas, I have seen the parking enforcement people walking around and ticketing on more than one occasion.
One of my favorite parks in the downtown area. It's great for picnics, walks/runs/bike along the trails, plus our kickball leagues play here so that's entertaining to watch. It's really lush and there are a lot of places to roam and hang with family/friends. In the winter it's a good spot for cross country skiing. It's also a perfect spot to host major events because of it's size. Some of which include Ten Ugly Men, Pride Picnic, & Roc City Rib Fest. For the history buffs, this park was also developed by landscape architect Frederic Law Olmsted. There are a few different areas where you can enter since it basically borders downtown and Henrietta. I usually go in at the Elmwood entrance. Have a map handy because it is pretty expansive. It's a beautiful bike or drive during the lush summer months or at peak fall time especially along the golf course.
Gorgeous and giant park surrounding the canal. Nice little break from studying at the U of R or Strong Memorial Hospital. Picnic areas.  Playgrounds.  Green beyond belief.  Running/biking trail that goes from downtown to Pittsford (maybe beyond, that's as far as I've ever made it) I've heard you can't actually swim in the canal which is a bummer as Rochester seriously lacks a body of water to swim in when it gets hot in the summer.
GVP is a great park to wander around in, great hiking trails, lots of shaded areas, a couple pavilions, and is right next to the river and the canal.  The bike paths that run along the canal and the river meet here so if you are on a jog or bike ride you can change trails here.   Rib fest moved here this year and it was a great location for it, very convenient parking, quick access in and out, and also had a lot of great spots to sit and enjoy the ribs.  Also the home to 10 ugly men festival which is one of the best festivals in the Rochester area.
We just finished the Stroll for Strong Kids walk at Genesee Valley Park. It was my first time visiting the park and I really enjoyed it. The paved trail going around the park was a little over 2 miles and easy enough to push a stroller on. There was lots of open areas to play, relax or have a picnic. We would visit again and look forward to going to more of the events held at this location. Only CON: Elmwood Ave. is under construction so it took an ETERNITY to get here (with all the traffic from the walk.) GPS said it'd take 20 min, took about 50+. Not the park's fault I know but a pain in the a** none-the-less.
This is pretty good "urban" park because it is typically fairly well maintained; it borders the RIT-Mt Hope areas; and it can be accessed by both the Genesee River Trial and the Erie Canal trial. Lots of shady or sunny areas for whichever you wish, and only very rarely I have seen any sketchy folks that merited extra distance.  Most folks who visit, seem to clean up after themselves an there dogs. Not great on the number of picnic areas, or parking spots, or bathrooms but ok, as it doesn't often get too crowded.
This park, originally called South Park, is part of Rochester's Frederick Law Olmstead designed park system. Olmstead, a renown landscape architect is most famous for his work at Central Park in Manhattan. It's great for large events (like Ten Ugly Men) and is used for kickball most of the summer. There are also many other recreation opportunities like kayaking along the river and canal. It's a great piece of the larger system.
