The door said "under new ownership" so I know the management I experienced was the most recent. The woman who did my nails was lovely and did a great job, but the receptionist and the owner seated next to her were remarkably unpleasant and unhelpful. I will never go back here. I recommend even newer ownership.
This salon is great! The prices are reasonable and they do a fantastic job. I've been seeing Meghan as a hair stylist for several years now and she is awesome. She takes her time and gives good advice to make sure that what I'm asking for is going to work with my hair, which is a huge plus. They are so accommodating as well; they help you get an appointment promptly and appointments always start on time. I definitely recommend Radiance!
I came in last Monday to get my eyebrows waxed. I was happy that I was able to get in on short notice. They were able to get me in at 11, and I called around 10:40.  Unfortunately, my experience wasn't a pleasant one in the fact that the girl who waxed my eyes reeked like a cigarette. Obviously when you get your brows waxed they are right up close, and she smelled nasty.  Like she just puffed and sprayed on some perfume.  It was enough to turn me off.  The brows came out just ok.
Terrible business practices!!  I first called to ask about an updo for my wedding, and they said the updo would cost $55 and the consultation would be free.  But when I made the appointment for the updo at Mohonk, the price changed to $75.  I figured it was extra for the on-site appointment.   I had a consultation appointment with Julie, who did a pretty good job with creating a simple updo.  But a hour after the appointment, Radiance called to say that actually there would be  $30 charge for the consultation.  Since this was a few days before the wedding, I decided to let it go.  But who calls after a service to say the price changed?!?   However my sister decided against using them for her hair - we weren't that impressed with them.  So we called to cancel her appointment, which was what was requested on the contract.   But then the day before the wedding, they called to say that actually we can't cancel my sister's hair appointment because it's not worth it for them to drive up to Mohonk (15 minutes) for only one hair appointment.  So my options were to cancel both hair appointments or go down to Radiance for the hair updo on the morning of the wedding.  At this point, I was tired of all the ridiculousness and canceled everything.   I definitely wouldn't recommend doing business with them!
I went with a friend of mine to get her hair done and styled. She made her appointment yesterday over the phone and got back to her when they had an opening and were very prompt about it. We got in early and she was taken right back to get her hair done and I was allowed to accompany her (which no salon/spa I've been to has let us do.) Shauna was her stylist and has been since she was 12. She was absolutely wonderful, warm and listened to everything she wanted. If you tell her to have fun with your hair, she'll make it look a-mazing! .. I'm highly thinking on making a appointment myself!
What a wonderful staff. Billie has done a wonderful job with my hair, and nails. Amma produced amazing cornrows for my good friends wedding. Great consultations every time, and I'll recommend them many times over.
I'm from Long Island and have been to some pricey (but very worth it) spas and salons. I have yet to try this place--so I will keep the two stars until then but am totally taken back by their high prices in an area such as this. Not to mention there are no hours of operation on their booklets (tried calling today-sunday-no answer, so i guess they're closed?) but they do give u a web address...to a website that has nothing on it...kind of unprofessional. I am seeing that there is new management, so I'll cut some slack but I would highly recommend getting some pricing in order or at least offer some specials because it's definitely on the high side and is already forcing me to google other places to go to. Considering I have not had the best experiences at the nail salons around here--I would make this place my go to but definitely not for $55 for a mani/pedi.
I have had some amazing styles here, but dislike dealing with some staff. Possible hostile work environment, I can't relax & enjoy myself when diva tantrums erupt. Took my business elsewhere (shapers) after one too many scenes & am very happy there.
