I brought my daughter here in July 2014. It was great! The games were all working except for two. She had a blast and it was pretty cheap!
My sister and niece came out this weekend for a day to do something fun and my niece picked putt putt. I have been to Fun House club house and Glow Golf but I haven't been here so we decided to try it out... I wasn't too impressed. We came on a Saturday afternoon. There was one birthday party going on inside so we knew there would be an influx of kids so we wasted no time getting to the holes. We bought two rounds and started up. The holes aren't in that great of shape and there was some trash lying around. The holes were all very similar and there wasn't much variety for fun. About half way there our first game, the party came out to play and it was awful. The kids were around 7 and should have had supervision but they were all on their own while their parents smoked on the picnic tables chatting and ignoring their children. The kids were running around, cutting in front of people, hitting the balls so hard we were nervous for our well being and overall just dreadful. We finished out our first round and started our second. We decided to move to the other side of the course to try and get away from some of the kids which worked. This round had a little more variety and was pretty fun but still is a small amount of disrepair and could have been cleaned up. After our putt putt we went in an decided to play some arcade games. They were fun but somewhat disappointing. A good amount of them were either broken, ate our tokens or did not give us our tickets. This didn't bother my niece as she doesn't know any better but it was frustrating for us adults because we are the one spending the money on these things. Overall, this was okay but I won't come back. I would rather go somewhere else to avoid the people, the trash and the sub-par games and courses.
Just as you would expect from a small amusement park. We went in early April and it was warm day and a good time to take out my niece. The put-put is good, however they might have opened a little early. 3 stars because, some of the courses were filled with debris (leaves, sticks, mud, water). I guess these provided added hazards. All-in-all it was a moderately good experience. Fairly cheap to play, didn't play arcade games, refreshments were a little expensive. I would return in the summer and maybe can give a better rating then.
I was one of the staff for a recent field trip here, and prior to that I was here for a child's birthday. "Meh" would probably be an adequate review actually, but I will try to do a bit better. Video games are in general more fun when they work. I think some of these machines were here when I was a kid and it was called put-put, but then they worked. I could see bringing the kids here more often if they would actually fix some of them, but that is apparently not a priority. The climbing thing was fun, the kids liked that. Hopefully they don't let it fall apart. The mini golf is not wheel chair friendly. Not even one of the courses. This did not stop us, and the child in question loved it, but he could never have done it on his own, or without two people to lift the chair over the brick work. If this is an issue to you, be warned. On the plus side, it is very affordable, you get great deals on tokens to use in the machines that do work, and the staff are very friendly and courteous. As for the food, it is exactly what you would expect. It is a mini golf and arcade, not a gastro pub. Meh, you could do worse.
A little disappointing. It could be a great  family place to bring the kids, or gave a kids' party but lots of games in disrepair, and outdated in general.
Went to adventure landing with 2 others this last weekend. We got there early enough on a Saturday morning (9-11am) to participate in their Super Saturday "event". For $8 you get unlimited mini-golf for 2 hours and 40 arcade tokens (Tokens alone would cost you $10).  We also decided to do the Supersize family combo for $25 (pizza, pitcher of pop and 80 tokens). Pizza was decent (though they did not have red pepper flakes) and the soda was soda. We played through both mini-golf courses "The Bayou" and the "Adventure". The Bayou appears to be the easier of the two. The arcade games were a lot of fun though there did seem to be quite a few out of order (attendants reimbursed any tokens eaten by machines). They had some decent prizes. They do have quite a few other things that would be great for kids (teddy bear factory, ropes course, ball area, bounce houses) but as we are adults we decided to bypass these areas to avoid the strange looks from other families. Adventure landing did not get 5 stars from me because of the following reasons. -DDR does NOT take tokens -No chili pepper flakes for pizza -They really need to have a person who just maintains machines. Bottom line: We had lunch and at least 4 hours of fun for about 50 bucks and came home with candy and inflatable aliens...can't beat that :)
I decided to re-live my youth for some fun at Adventure Landing. Highly disappointed with the arcade. No joke, half the machines/games were broken. They should have definitely not turned the rest of the downstairs into more party space, but I'm sure that's how they make their money nowadays. The golf courses have not been updated and are in really rough shape. The batting cage staff was very nice and let me bat even when it was right at closing time. On my last visit, quite literally after I paid for me and my 3 friends round of golf, the power went out at AL and in the neighborhood. This certainly was not Adventure Landing's fault, but it was a bit of struggle to get a refund. They first offered me 12 rounds of free golf which I refused, saying I just wanted my money back. It took them about 10 minutes to find the key to the drawer to open it because no Manager was on staff that night (a Friday no less). Hopefully when I have kids it will be updated so I can take them for some fun like I had when I was young! Certainly not terrible but not the best.
