Very good wings. Crispy skin but super tender. Had hot and suicide wings. Absolutely love hot food. Both were great but only the suicide wings had that burn that I would say are very hot. Great service.
If I could give this place 6 stars, I would. They don't make wings like these on Long Island. As a former UB student, I miss them dearly.
The best wings on Gods green earth.
Visited while in town for a wedding over the summer.  All I will say is that you get your money's worth!  I am no wing expert, so I shall stay out of the rivalry, but my husband and I enjoyed splitting an order of 10 wings with celery & carrots, a salad and two large beers for suuuuuper cheap.  If I'm in Buffalo again and in the mood for wings, I feel confident that I will visit Duff's again to sample another heat level of their wings and to save a few bucks.  Great deals Duff's.
If you enjoy completely overpriced mediocre  fried food , then you obviously should head here.  We don't normally eat this crap, but were feeling frisky today. Two orders of pizza logs or sticks or whatever they're called, and a double order of wings. Upon arrival the wife got a $36 bill!!!!! She paid it without word because she's nice like that. I would've left the crap there. Should I have asked the price? Sure. But my mistake for thinking I ordered cheap fried food. Never ever again. Oh and like i originally said, the wings were so completely average .
What more can I say. I don't even normally eat wings (I know I have the wrong audience here, but there's just something about gnawing meat off of an animal bone that gets to me), but I had to have them at Duff's. We got 20 Medium Light wings (weak, I know) and they were PLENTY hot for me. We also tried one of their sandwiches which was decent as well.
Arguably best wings in Buff...blows anything from W. coast away.
There is something special about their wings. Don't get the barbecue though. Way too much sauce.
never been to Buffalo NY. neither had half the people in this place. but the other half were all locals and you could tell they loved it. we loved the wings. my idea about wings was shattered. I had it wrong. these are the wings! I'm ashamed of the wings I used to eat.
I have been going to Duffs for 20+ years (damn im old) And I always knew it was good. The ICB was always one of my favorites but alas they stoppped making their own sausage (they stiil use the Costanza roll though). Any way went ther the other night for a take out single wing med crispy and  I SWEAR TO GOD they were the best wings I ever had. In my 45 years Ive eaten a shitload of wings and I SWEAR TO GOD these were the best ever!!! Still dirty and still great. Keep it up Duffs. ***NOTE*** I have been informed (by the owner, no shit!) that Duffs still makes their own sausage. I think I know one place I will be going to this week!! ICB  and a bowl of fries bigger than my head Ive mised you so.....
When I have a craving for wings I go to DUFFS. Duffs alll the way. Duffs is wayyy better than Anchor Bar. Let me tell you why: 1. The wings are hot when you get them. 2. It doesn't take forever, even though the wait for a table does. 3. It's cheap. 4. Their fries are better. 5. aweeeeeeesome grilled cheese. 6 Great hot wings and BBQ wings. Now let's be little beast fatties and go to DUFFS.
Duff's = Sauce.  Swimming in it.  The wings are great, quality fare but the ambiance & overall presentation lack anything remarkable.  Easily a quality provider of poultry delight, just not an ethereal experience - IMHO
Number 1 buffalo wing in the universe. Me and my girlfriend just cannot have enough of this. Don't forget, medium is Hot (at least to me)
Best.  Wings.  Ever.  Hands down.  I challenge any restaurant to make anything as good as the in between medium and hot that they serve.  Simply excellent.  Spicy but not so hot that you don't enjoy the meal.
Do yourself a favor - skip all the specials and sides and just get a big ol' pile of wings.  If you must have a side, the French fries are pretty decent, but don't bother with the chili, soups, etc.  Stick with the wings. The wings are simply the best chicken wings I've ever had - the absolutely perfect combination of taste and heat.  Nice, big and meaty, and perfectly crunchy in all the right places.  The bleu cheese dipping sauce is also delicious.  The value for the money is right on.   Oh, and beware the well-publicized warnings about the heat of Duff's wings - they are not kidding.  The 'medium' wings are seriously hot (as in, 'parts of you will sweat that have never sweated before' hot).  These wings are as hot as I'll go, so I cannot imagine how much heat is in Duff's idea of 'hot' wings.   This place has been busy on the several occasions I've visited, and you will likely have to wait 20 to 30 minutes or maybe longer for a table.  The restaurant is somewhat small and you may be rubbing elbows with the folks at the next table, but that to me is part of fun - we struck up a friendly conversation with the group next to us on our last visit and enjoyed watching several of the guys actually trying the hot wings.   Duff's is well worth a visit.
I just moved to Buffalo from San Francisco and I have to say...best wings I've ever had. I grew up in California and really didn't enjoy buffalo wings. I found, after moving to the area, is that the wings were just shitty out there. I've had the best wings since I moved. And the best of the best are certainly at Duff's. I always seem to get there at just the right time that I don't have to wait. As we leave, there's always a HUGE crowd of people waiting to sit. I think they should expand to accomodate the number of people who descend upon the restaurant in the evening, but it's all part of the experience I suppose. I actually just reccommended it to a flight attendant on the way back from San Diego the other day. And remember...medium is HOT!!!!
Couldn't leave Buffalo without some real  Buffalo Wings!!! So i had read before hand that the two main wing joints were Anchor Bar (OG) and Duffs. Duffs was a 5 minute drive from our hotel, so after our long long day at Niagara, i was happy to find that they were open until 11pm and at 10:30 we were eating our wings take out in our hotel rooms. We got 10 wings medium for aobut 10 bucks. Came with their signature Blue Cheese dip with celery sticks and carrots. When i read that: Mild was spicy, spicy was REALLY spicy, and Suicide is suicide. i was expecting that mild would burn my mouth, but actually it was really mild and i could eat them no problem. I normally dont' like blue cheese, but something about theirs, which tasted like it was mixed with Ranch, was really good. The skin was crisp and chicken moist and was not overly sauced or greasy. I'm no wing expert, but i really enjoyed these wings!!!
Duff's is one of those places that I have fat kid fantasies about. The food is delicious and deep fried and horrible for you, and you leave with equal feelings of guilt and joy. The joy ALWAYS overrides the guilt, though. A few tips for the Duff's newbie: 1. Head to Duff's an hour before you know you'll be hungry. On most nights, there is at least a 25 minute wait for a table during the dinner rush and service tends to be slow. Duff's isn't fast food, it's a commitment. 2. On the menu, they say that their medium is like other place's hot. It's completely true. If you're a medium type of kid like me, go for the mild. While you might feel like a wuss for ordering mild, it will be plenty hot. Trust. 3. Don't wear white, idiots. This food is messy, and grease + hot sauce doesn't always yield to the power of a Tide stick. Duff's in really, incredibly casual, so don't go there for a first date. Not only will you have the threat of your nice clothes being stained, but come on--there's no ladylike way to eat wings. I've tried. 4. Vegetarians beware-- this place is for omnivores. If you really want to go here, you're going to end up eating a salad as an entree, and there will be the bones of many unfortunate chickens in wooden bowls in front of you for an hour. Go to Amy's place.
Just like the Anchor Bar, this one is another tourist trap.  Any local who is a true chicken wing connoisseur can name at least 5 places better than "The Big Two."  In no particular order, better wings at... 1.) Papa Jake's 2.) Cole's 3.) Devlin's Deuce 4.) Gabriel's Gate 5.) Wellington Pub  The wings are larger than usual but come out way too vinegary.  So much so that the sourness of them caused me to choke on the fumes.  Also fairly overpriced and the service can be hit or miss.  Definitely better places for wings in the city.
I don't understand why this place has an average of only 4/5 stars?!?! These are the greatest wings on earth and you gotta love the atmosphere. I hope they franchise out to Chicago to put away all of the wannabes that are popping up around here.
Waited like 30 minutes for our food. Turned out they had accidentally given our wings to another table. Ordered mild wings and they were basically sauce free. I would have asked for extra sauce but the waitress never came back. Blue cheese was really good. Salad was blah. Fries also blah.  Soda tasted watery. No refills were offered.
Apparently when in Buffalo, Duff's is THE place to go for chicken wings. I stopped in here with some friends and was not disappointed. The spot is unpretentious, there's plenty of parking, seems like there is always a little bit of a wait - but it's not too bad. They offer daily specials and overall,  it's just a fun spot to be at. I found the medium sauce to be spiced perfectly and flavorful. A little bit of a kick but not too much to where your mouth is hurting. The BBQ sauce was sweeter than I generally like but it still was pretty good. Definitely looking forward to going back again with friends for some good wings and beer.
I was in Buffalo for the weekend and obviously couldn't leave without trying the famous Buffalo wings. Was it everything I expected and more? No. Was I slightly nauseous at the end of my meal? Absolutely. But would I recommend it to anyone who is visiting a student at UB? Of course. Just lower your expectations and expand your wait time for a table and you will not be disappointed.
Can it get any better than Duff's?  I don't think so!  I always say, Anchor bar created the wings, but Duff's...well Duff's perfected them.  This place as the perfect ratio of Crispiness to Sauciness.  They've perfected the Science of the Creation of Buffalo Wings!  My mouth is watering just thinking about them.  My last visit (and I visit them every time I'm in Buffalo) I picked up their T Shirt and wear it all around manhattan.  People just don't realize.  I think Anchor bar gets all the credit when it's duff's with the truly amazing wings.  The only downfall of this place (which it's def worth the wait) is the wait you usually have to get in.  Usually have about 30mins-1hour to get a table because its always packed.  Place is not very clean either, but the food is just to die for.  $20 buys you 20 wings, large pitcher of soda, and a huge bowl of fries.  Wish there were more locations, I don't understand why they don't expand into other areas, like Anchor Bar just opened a location in Rochester...  Duff's should open a restaurant in NYC!!!  They'd probably be the new happening cheap place!
as a whole, totally awesome wings. well prepared, high quality chicken rarely loses. it's just that i prefer anchor bar's sauce and bleu cheese...
Not much I can say that hasn't already been said. Duff's provides the ultimate chicken wing experience. Their wings are a little less crunchy than Anchor Bar's, but I prefer Duff's sauce.  The wings are huge, cheap, you don't find broken bones all the time, and most importantly, they aren't breaded. Wings should never be breaded. Also, try the microbrew, you won't be disappointed. I've also never had bad service here, even when they were extremely busy, the wait times between the server's visits were never unreasonable. The inside has minimal decor, but who cares, you're there to gorge on wings, not for the ambiance. The fries are good, not amazing. This is my only 'complaint' about Duff's, and it's barely that.
I ordered 10 wings "medium light" since medium is advertised as hot... I like heat AND flavor. I definitely could have gone medium or medium hot and not been overpowered by heat. The wings were perfectly crispy on the outside, moderately meaty on the inside, and had a great buffalo taste (Duff's uses my favorite... Frank's Red Hot as the base for their sauces). I also ordered the 2nd most famous food in Buffalo, beef on weck... it was good, but not great. The roast beef was plentiful, but dry and the roll was too salty (and I love salt). Stick to the wings. I washed all of this down with a couple drafts of Labatt Blue. Total bill was $23.60. I will definitely be back for more wings the next time I am in Buffalo and will be ordering the medium hot.
Let me preface this by saying we're not wing people.  But after seeing Food Wars between Duff's and the Anchor Bar and knowing we were going through Buffalo on our way to Niagara Falls, we had to do it.  We do not like the sauce on the buffalo wings...gross.  So we got char grill BBQ wings (10 to split) and sweet potato fries to split because we didn't want to stuff ourselves before heading off to the Anchor Bar.  The place was pretty empty because we hit at a non-peak time so service should've been pretty zippy.  It wasn't.  Don't get me wrong, the server was nice but we waited for 20 minutes for 10 wings and a small bowl of sweet potato fries in a mostly empty restaurant.  The wings were wings, nothing spectacular.  Kinda mushy, nothing more than you'd get at BW3 or Roosters so we don't get the appeal.  It's obviously a regional thing and that's fine.  More for everyone else.
I don't understand why there are so many people here. Everything here is bad. A lot of the bad reviews have been thrown into the "not recommended" section and I really think they deserve some attention. I personally have no beef with this restaurant or the name or anything related to Duffs. I am not even from around here. I came to visit my girlfriend who is currently in UB med. Perhaps things are different where I am from, but wings are wings. First off there is no service. You are seated and your order taken. Once that is done, no more service until they see you are ready to leave. Then they pounce to give you check. They don't have check in any holder or anything. They just give you a piece of paper. Kind of outdated.... And then they forget about you. Food wise. Their fries are like McDonald fries. Same taste and texture. Don't get me wrong, they are good, but nothing special. They get soggy really quick. By the end of the meal the fries were already starting to sog up. And now the wings. We ordered like a little of everything and everything had the same issue. The wings.... Are terrible. Dry. Crunchy like too much dough or fried too long. The meat was terribly dry. They tasted like they overcooked leftover wings. Even with sauce they still tasted dry. Also why say "medium is hot" when it is clearly not. We got both medium and hot to compare and seriously medium has like no spice. My girlfriend who hates spice while I personally love it, both agreed the medium had literally no spice. The hot was barely spicy to my girlfriend. To me, medium and hot tasted the same... like nothing. The death sauce is just habanero grinded into buffalo sauce. Nothing unique. I cook with habaneros and I know exactly what they taste like. While the death sauce is spicy, it is absolutely nothing special. Could've done anything to make it tastes better but they chose to do nothing. Either way, the way they prepare their chicken wings is just a disgrace to chicken wings. Just like how I despise any restaurant that dares to serve up dry chicken breast, to serve up dried wings is an abomination that needs to be brought to justice. This place can't even manage the core foundations of cooking a chicken wing, how can it call itself famous? I should also add, it's not that the place is busy that there is no service. It's the waitresses. They just stand in the front and talk gossip to each other. I was in earshot of them while waiting to be seated. Seems like they all do it. Once they bring food, they go back up and stand there and chat until they see someone ready to receive a check.
It gets three stars for being the home of Buffalo wings. It only gets three stars because, frankly, it just wasn't that great. I suppose people from Buffalo are pretty proud of their little concoction.  And to be honest, I love Buffalo Wings.  But there are plenty of wing chains nationwide that serve much better stuff that this.  Overall, the service was just okay, the floors were so dirty with grease you could ice skate on them, and the wings themselves were overpriced and just loaded with hot sauce instead of any real flavor.  They weren't even meaty...  just average.  I have had better at Hooters! If you're in Buffalo for one night and looking to do something nostalgic, Duff's is the place.  If you're really hungry for great food, you should upgrade to KFC or a trash bin outside of a KFC.
Duff's wings are easily the best wings in Buffalo, NY. Personally, I love saucy and crispy wings and they manage to do both. Especially at this location. Classic great Buffalo wings. It's not just heat, it's flavorful too.
this place was highly reccomended as the best in buffalo for wings. i personally thought it was garbage.   my chicken wings were cooked in the frier too long and were hard.the beef on weck was whack. everything was way too salty.  the fries weren't even crispy.  my soda was  close to being flat. not impressed.
Oh how I adore Duffs wings. If you are looking for the best wing joint in town, this is the place. Now I must preface this with a bias. I love wet tangy sauce that is smothered on and sticks to the wings. These wings are soo saucy you'll go through a bunch of napkins powering through these bad boys. Oh, and did I mention the blue cheese. A tangy blue cheese with a hint of garlic. Delicious. Plus, you get a nice basket of fries to dip into the wing sauce in the bowl. Wow... I'm drooling over here..
No frills joint that is a local favorite for buffalo wings and a competitor of the original buffalo wing, Anchor Bar. The wings are piping hot, juicy and crispy, doused with your choice of spice-level sauce, and served with celery sticks, baby carrots, and blue cheese sauce. The sauce is nice and tangy. Also, they are willing to split up an order with multiple sauces (ie: we ordered 30 wings total, 15 wings in mild medium and 15 wings in medium hot). I'm a big fan of splitting up sauces when possible, because it let's you taste the spectrum of flavors (aka: allow some time for the mouth & tongue to cool down from the spiciness and tang of the sauce). Come here to only get wings, the buffalo wing done right.
Okay, truly, if you're visiting Buffalo, YOU MUST EAT HERE. Duff's and Anchor Bar are the two wing places that seem to be battling it out over who is the best. Duff's sauce is thick, sweet, and always hot (even the mild) while Anchor Bar's sauce is vinegar based, tart, and spicy. I am a fan of Anchor Bar, but there are just as many of us as there are for Duff's. So try both if you want to experience the rivalry. And if you are with multiple people and one of them HATES wings, this place isn't a great for them. Their menu options are seriously limited. Anything that isn't wings or covered in sauce is super basic and nothing worth writing home about. Get here expecting to wait at least 30 minutes to be seated. This place is uber popular.
I would probably be at Duffs all the time if I lived closer. It's the kind of place you go with your boyfriend, your whole family, you girls, your co-workers - it's super, super casual, fast, and delicious. It's the perfect place to grab buffalo wings. Fast service. Parking lot. And lives up to its hype. I'd come here all the time just because it's casual and delicious, since Anchor Bar is a little cozier. It's like apples and oranges; you can't really compare the two but lots of people have preferences. Try both.
Came to visit in Buffalo and was excited to go to Anchor Bar, the birthplace of wings.  However, my local hosts recommended Duff's as having better wings. I took their advice, and while I haven't been to Anchor Bar to compare, I am happy with their recommendation. All I had were wings and fries.  The wings were very well cooked, some of the best that I've had, and they were served hot(temperature - discussion on spiciness below). The fries were better than average. I wish I had read Yelp reviews before going, then I would have known that the Buffalo definition of "hot" is not that hot/spicy.  Duff's posts: WARNING! Medium is HOT, Medium Hot is VERY HOT, Hot is VERY, VERY HOT.  I took them seriously and ordered Medium, Medium are NOT hot. Duff's medium are is half a notch above mild. If you are accustomed to spicy food, I recommend ordering Medium Hot or Hot, I would definitely recommend Duff's for wings.
So I promised the BF I'd fore go my ban on eating meat and try a hot wing or two while we visited his family in NY.  We went to both Duff's and the Anchor Bar to answer the (apparent) age-old question:  which is better? Well... Duff's is a shit hole of a place with decor that looks like it hasn't been updated since 1971.  Which is actually fine and would have been pretty cool if the food was decent.  But it wasn't.  The salad - the one healthy thing I attempted to eat all day - consisted of wilted, brown, chopped iceberg with some purple cabbage and a tomato thrown in for  good measure.  Truly a work of art.  The BF just looked at the salad, looked at me and shrugged.  "I warned you", he said.  "This is Buffalo, not Berkeley".   To be fair, he did warn me.   Any hoo... the wings... The sauce on their wings tastes like ass. ASS. We ordered the HOT hot wings and I couldn't really tell if they were hot or not due to the fact that nothing could cut through the salty, vinegary taste.   Not even the artery clogging blue cheese dressing could save these freaking things.   Within an hour my fingers were swollen up like little sausages and I had an overwhelming urge to consume any liquid I could get my hands on.  Which might explain why everyone in the place was drinking cheap ass beer. So gross. I was seriously not impressed.
When it comes to wing's in Buffalo you can't go wrong with Duff's.  Some argue that it's the best wing joint in town, other's may say the second best, but either way it's definitely worth a visit.  With 7 different levels of spice you should be able to find something that fits your taste well. It can get very crowded for dinner, and there will often be long waits to be seated, even on weekdays.  The best time to go is for lunch though.  For 8 dollars you can get a lunch special with 10 wings and a choice of 2 of 4 sides.  They also have some nice sandwiches and some other food if you go with someone who happens to hate wings.   Duff's also has their own microbrew, which is worth a try.  The atmosphere is nothing great, it's a wing joint.  The service is prompt and friendly, and everything you could want in a wing joint.
This place is much more of a hole-in-the-wall type place.  Was recently in Buffalo for 2 nights.  One night we had dinner at Anchor Bar and the other night was at Duff's.  Anchor Bar was definitely the better of the two.  The atmosphere, the beer, the wings, the fries, the clientele, just everything was slightly better at the Anchor Bar.  Duff's is just too much of a dive in comparison.
I was excited to try what I was told was one of the best wings places in buffalo, the home of the buffalo wing. I've been to several other places in the area for wings and I grew up in Rochester so I can say I am familiar with what a good wing is. Sadly, I was not impressed with Duff's. I was a little scared off by their boasting about how hot their wings are, despite my tolerance for spicy wings, I stuck with medium. Overall it tasted like Franks sauce... Not impressed considering I have a giant bottle in my fridge at home in DC. Don't get me wrong, I like franks, I put it on food all the time, but any place can serve that over fried chicken wings. I didn't travel here for that and I wouldn't call that a good wing. The ambiance was nothing special. The duffs beer was surprisingly good though. Stick to anchor or mooney's for wings while in buffalo, you'll be less disappointed.
I like duffs. I'm not a wing expert but I definitely thing it's pretty tasty. I actually really like their fries here and there microbrew isn't bad! A nice place to feel like your have a buffalo experience. But other than that nothing too special. I give it a higher star ranking because it is actually pretty good, the prices seem high though. But hey, it is what it is.
I grew up near here, and went to the University of Buffalo right down the road.    I had WAY too many wings during my college days, and suffered off and on from a phenomenon we called "winged out". I no longer live in Buffalo, but visit often from Rochester.   Rochester suffers from having very few good places to get wings, and no places even close to Duff's. The wings are consistently good, are presented with lots of sauce which I really like as almost all other places serve "dry" wings. Duff's is one of the few places that brings more blue cheese than you could possibly need, and I've made the mistake a few times over the years forgetting this and ordering extra blue cheese which I couldn't possibly use. They overstate the hotness level, as none of the wings here are what I would call hot, but I'm sure others would.    I always get xhot, but it's just cayenne which is fairly mild as far as hot peppers go.    But the cayenne is what makes the Buffalo wing a Buffalo wing.   Other places do make hotter wings, but the flavor is always off. I never order anything else here, so I can't make a comment on other food.   But who comes here and orders anything other than wings?    Except my kids of course, who probably order a grilled cheese or something lame. Oh how I miss Duffs, especially after having wings at Anchor Bar in Rochester last night.
If you live near Duff's consider yourself lucky. I live 400 miles away and still make a couple of pilgrimages a year. Best wings in Buffalo therefore probably best wings in the world. Someone actually gave it one star? C'mon!
Was in Buffalo for the first time.  Had planned on going to the Anchor Bar, but a local steered us here. The wings -- which we ordered just one step up from the mild (we probably should have ordered another step up from that) were fine, but certainly nothing that would keep me coming back to Buffalo or to Duffs, but they were tasty.  Fries were okay, too. Onion rings were also okay. We didn't get there till about 11:30 pm -- we were the only customers, and the wait staff was in the process of cleaning up when we arrived.  It must have been disappointing for them to have customers show up so close to closing, yet they responded good-naturedly (generally I found people in Buffalo friendly and nice; in NYC, it we had shown up 30 mins before closing when everyone was cleaning up and hoping to go home, we would have been treated to a lot of resentment...). Would have given it 3.5 stars if the system allowed.
I consider myself a connoisseur of the wing. 25 cent wing night, im there. Football on sundays, im stuffing my face with drum sticks and brewdogs. But when i went to buffalo to visit some college friends, i had one thing in mind, and that was to have the best wings the founding city had to offer. I trust my friends who live there, and they said this was the best. I liked the vibe as soon as i got in there (your nose kindof stings a little from the smell of the wingers). We waited at the bar and had some Blue Lights, then sat down and began our feast. 20 wings, a pitcher of beer and a bowl of fries for like 20 bucks is a pretty great deal. My only complaint is not really a complaint, i just expected the HOT wings to be a little bit hotter, but the sauce was still one of the best i've ever had. The wings were meatyThe wings werent too crunchy, but they werent soft and moist like some bad wings. I just said soft and moist. But the sauce was delicious and I would go here all the time if i lived in the Buff.
Duff's never fails me on my yearly business trip to Buffalo.  Great service, refreshing, dive atmosphere and good service.   Get the wings, a side of fries and a pitcher or two of beer - you won't regret it.  And as a kicker they are super generous with the sides of bleu cheese!
I love their wings and their fries! i wasn't too into wings till I came here. I totally will come back again whenever i get the chance
The best wings in Buffalo!  Love them HOT!
Mediocre visit. I read here on Yelp that the Anchor Bar is a tourist trap, so we came here off of our hotel's recommendation. I'm all for crispy wings, but these were so crispy that I couldn't distinguish between what was meat or bone. Server was nice, hence the two stars. Ordered cinnamon monkey bread for our road trip to NYC tonight & the inside is still frozen. When brought to the waitress' attention she said the kitchen does it that way since the food will be cold by the time we got home. Although she offered to heat it more we were ready to go. Duff's TV station playing was hilarious though. Better than AFV. ***Update: We weren't going to leave Buffalo without doing a side-by-side comparison of the wings, so we went straight to Anchor Bar just to satisfy our curiosity. WE LOVED THEM! Warm atmosphere, staff who seems to like their job, and meatier wings with the perfect amount of crunch. We were even able to purchase a bottle of their sauce to take home to Denver with us. NOT a tourist trap.
Without a doubt, best wings on the planet. Mixed with the fries and beer it can't be beat.
Went  for lunch. Had the medium and mild wings. Both were very good. A little crispy, and not too much sauce. A good balance. Also had a house salad, but truthfully,meh, don't bother. Just stick to the wings and some fries...
Great place. Great wings. Duff's brew was very good too. Would definitely go back if in the neighborhood. Waitress was also very good.
Buffalo wings...in Buffalo... Read the reviews of Duff's. Gotta be authentic in Buffalo, right? 199 reviews can't be wrong... The verdict. Very greasy.....I mean a lot greaser than the normal greasy wings found at your typical wings establishments. Also, I thought the "real" authentic Buffalo Wings recipe did not fry the wings? They fry it at Duffs and have way too much coating on the chicken. They missed it on the sauce was well. The Hot sauce was way too salty and too much vinegar. For a "Hot" sauce, it wasn't that hot at all. We tried different sauces. Instead of becoming hotter, it just got saltier. This place is waaaay overhyped, if your gonna clog your arteries, go to Five Guys instead...
They're better than their rivals(Anchor Bar). Love how they drench their wings very generously in sauce. Sauce has more garlic and vinegar flavor. Solid wings in a minimalistic setting. Good, casual, fun
per yelp's suggestion, i skipped anchor bar and went to duff's and gabriel's gate. i ordered the hot, which they caution is "very very hot."  um, not so much.  they are a little spicy, but it wasn't like i was desperate for water while eating them.  they have an option to bump it up a few notches for a little cash, and i think i should have done that.  that said, i noticed most of the people around me ordered mild, and i am korean, so your mileage may vary. the wings are very big, tender, perfectly cooked, and for hot, came in bowl of sauce soup.  there was probably an inch of sauce left in the bowl when i finished the wings.  some may argue there's no such thing as too much sauce, but really, there was way too much sauce.  in part because of this, the wings were not very crispy, but that didn't bother me at all. duffs has a lunch special--10 wings, two sides, $8.95.  I got a big salad for my side, which was basically a head of romaine lettuce with some half hearted cucumber slices and cherry tomatoes.  expected since i'm here for the wings and not for my health. The space was hole-in-the wall; the place was very busy for a random, weekday at 2pm; and the servers were rude.  all in all, a good time.
Honestly I went here with high hopes after the reviews.... While from outside the place looked like a nice beer / Wings place, it was trying too hard inside, too much light for what it was and the ambience wasn't very welcoming either. I tried the Death sauce wings (hottest on the menu) with a side order of shrimps. Both came with a super large order of thin cut fries... Nothing special. The celery wasn't even cut up, such large stalks given. The shrimps weren't bad, the wings on the other hand, absolutely horrible, came in a wooden type of bowl, floating in sauce.... Didn't look appetizing nor smell it. I had the wings, while I agree they are really hot, burns the outside of your mouth and where ever the sauce touches but that's it. No internal heat. The wings itself no flavour, dry. I asked the waitress about it and she mentioned that's how they come. Disappointing. Gonna try anchor bar next time I'm in Buffalo.
I had a craving for these wings today and was shocked that I have yet to write a review for this place. I have spent every summer of my life between Buffalo and Fort Erie and almost every other day eat wings. A little overkill I know but it's the one time of the year where I get to partake in the best wings in the world. This year I was lucky enough to go twice because my cousin got married at our summer home. I'm hoping this story will show you how incredible these wings are. About 200 guests arrived at our home that weekend and my Dad and I needed a place to escape. And given we were only up there 2-3 days, we decided on the day of the wedding to go out for an early lunch because when you're this close you can't pass these delicious wings up. My Dad and I filled our bellies up with as many wings and fries as we possibly could and got a call from the bride during our meal to pick up some wings. Knowing that other members of the family would be vultures and eat everything when we got back we ordered roughly 300 wings to-go....to make this long story short, the bride was happy....and half the wedding was missing at certain points of the evening to dine on luxurious Duff's wings. Side Note:: Anchor Bar may be very good as well but they are strictly commercial, if you want that town specialty (hole-in-the-wall) absolute BEST wings in Buffalo, you want to go to Duff's.
The wings are really great and there are a bunch of choices to pick from. I say the specials are a really good deal and can feed a whole family. Also the medium light wings were spicy, so I can only imagine how the other ones are. Great customer service too :)!
I've been here numerous times. At first the medium is hot, medium hot is... got me scared enough to stick to the lower end of the hotness scale. But the last few times I went I went all out going to hot and taking it like a champ even as I watch the browns go to the superbowl. I partiularly enjoy the combo they have for around 20 bucks which includes 20 wings, fries and a small pitcher of soda. It's a good cheap place to get full, drink plenty, and discuss as to which wing place is the best in the world.
I am a huge wings fan and these did not disappoint. They were crispy, meaty and the sauce was amazing. I ordered the special that came with fries, the fries were also amazing.
As a Britsh-raised, Boston-based lass, I've had Buffalo wings but never BUFFALO WINGSSSS. Duffs has the latter. I am utterly addicted and never leave the place without a tub of the medium hot sauce to go. Amazing, amazing. Plus, they have Yuengling on tap, which is a plus considering its nonexistent in the greater Massachusetts area. Love, love, LOVE this place.
Noted by many of my compatriots to be the place for "wings that are 10 times better than Anchor Bar", Duff's was frequented on numerous occasions. The atmosphere of the establishment is old, crowded, and loud!  The layout of the restaurant has a mild feeling of claustrophobia (based on the individual compartments on the side of the establishment).  The furniture is rocky, old, and dirty.  But then again...  Who cares?  We're here for the wings! 10 Buffalo Wings, Medium:  Similar to Anchor Bar, the tantalizing flavors derived from the sauce had a profound hint of Spiciness and Vinegar in the aromatics generated.  The sauce itself was luscious, thick, and buttery with a coating property that was similar to that of the blue cheese side that came with the wings.  The size of the wings was enormous, thus helping with the ease of handling during the consumption process.  At first bite, patrons will find that although the wings are slightly charred, the well balanced crispy outer exterior provides a welcoming introduction to the juiciness of the meaty interior.  Further consumption of the wings will reveal that the medium spiciness of the sauce works well to combine the charred exterior of the chicken with that of the tender interior.  What's more impressive is the well balanced spiciness of the medium sauce.  The sauce itself did not overpower any property of the chicken, rather allowed for the each individual composition of the chicken wing (both crispy and juicy) to work in conjunction. 10 Buffalo Wings, BBQ Sauce:  Similar in both cooking temperature and texture, the BBQ sauce in this rendition lacked the bold and brash aromatics of the Medium Spicy Sauce but rather, produced a profoundly harmonious sweet and velvetty flavor.  The BBQ sauce contained a mild acidity, which helped with the release of the sweetness of the sauce.  The chicken worked in conjunction with the sauce, thus allowing for the juiciness of the chicken to absorb the sweet richness of the base. Ultimately, a good version of a Buffalo staple!  Although the wing textures were inconsistent (as some were burn beyond edible quality), the flavors derived from both the Medium and BBQ sauce were remarkably welcoming!
execellent wings all the time.
Are you here to help your choice between Anchor and Duffs?  Go to Anchor Bar and leave this place in the dust.  I had heard Duff's was THE place... But I was deceived. I've travelled around the Northeast experiencing wings from all sorts of places that claim to have great ones.  I've been to wing festival upon wing festival.  I've travelled five hours just to try BUFFALO wings in Buffalo, Ny.  These, though, were not worth it (even if I lived within five minutes). The wings were so disappointing.  The signs everywhere claim "The medium is hot.  The medium-hot is really hot.  The hot is really, really hot."  Sure, maybe if you're 10.  I ordered extra crispy hot wings, my husband (not wanting to get the medium hot for fear it would be too similar) just ordered medium.  When they came, his were tough (not crispy) and mine were as soggy as they come.  When we first got them, I was confused by the hot sauce, thinking maybe his was hot and mine was medium.  We traded, and besides the slightly more tomato taste of mine, actually couldn't tell the difference. We told the waitress that maybe there was some mistake, and she was beyond rude about it.  Mine were absolutely the hot and his were the medium and they don't make mistakes like that.  So.. I got a side of suicide.  Hotter, sure, but not impressive.  The flavors of the sauces were FINE but nothing to write home about.  The hot was overly tomatoey, the suicide just tasted like vinegar.  I ended up mixing the two together to make a reasonably edible sauce. Maybe this was too much, but I can't explain my level of disappointment.  Bad wings, bad service, and truly not worth the trip.
If you like Grade A Louisiana style hot sauce wings, xtra crispy with cold beer in a complete dump, you have found heaven at Duff's. Unreal wings, from a self proclaimed connoisseur. The Medium Hot and Hot sauce were both Louisiana style and did not vary from the classic - aged cayenne peppers, vinegar base. The side dishes - cold beer and blue cheese dressing smothered veggies and salad. The beer was perfect, I went local with a Labatt's Blue in a bottle. Perfect accompaniment to the wings. The blue cheese dressing was chunky and thick, like you had to shake it from the cup to get a dime size chunk out, thick. The salad was perfectly midwestern, iceberg lettuce and unripened tomatoes (wings come with some celery and carrots, order extra if you want to balance your wings with fiber...) Drawbacks - The floor is insanely slippery. The linoleum tiles are straight 50's banquet hall. And don't get me wrong, when I say dump, I mean it affectionately. The place was clean, the attention to detail was focused appropriately, on the wings... If you haven't been there, go. If you've been there, nuff said, I'm sure you're going or have been back plenty of times. Cheers.
While living in California for the past four years, the two food items that torment me the most are pizza from NYC (I grew up there) and wings from Buffalo (went to college there).  I spent five years living in Buffalo and one of my favorite things to do was go out to eat and find what Buffalo and the surrounding suburbs have to offer.  Before I lived in Buffalo, I was not that big of a fan of wings or bleu cheese.  Now, I absolutely love both items.  Buffalo, and specifically Duffs, just does it right! Now let's focus more on Duffs.  When it comes to wings, Duffs is definitely number 1!  I've had wings everywhere and nothing compares to these wings!  If you're sensitive to spice, be cautious when you order because the sauce is hotter than most places.  When I order my wings, I generally either get medium or medium hot.  Both are significantly spicy, but do not mask the flavor with too much spice. I'm sure a lot of people are asking, "what can honestly be so special about a buffalo wing?".  The main difference between Buffalo establishments like Duffs and restaurants in other areas of the country is how the wings are actually cooked.  Outside of Buffalo, restaurants treat wings mainly as appetizers.  Because they are appetizers, these establishments always want the food to come out quickly.  This will lead a lot of restaurants to actually precook wings, normally by baking them (ugh, I shuttered a bit after typing that).  Then, when they're ordered, they'll throw these precooked wings into the fryer for about 3-4 minutes.  How do I know this?  I've worked in many restaurants around the country.  What's so bad about this, you might ask?  This method affects both the flavor and texture of the wing.  A lot of wings will then be too soft and mushy (Gross!).  However, the best way to cook wings is to actually deep fry them from raw, usually around the 10 - 13 minute range, depending on the temperature of the deep fryer.  This provides the perfect taste and texture of a wing and also keeps a lot of moisture within the wing.  The negative to this is that people in areas like Southern California may be too impatient to wait for a food item that they consider an appetizer.  However, if you treat wings as your meal, like at Duffs, then it's well worth the wait!  Along with this perfectly fried wing is their spicy, tangy, and strong vinegar-based sauce.  Vinegar is the key and perfect compliment to spicy pepper flavor (why do you think Franks Red Hot is so popular?). On top of this rave review, the price is right!  You cannot beat their lunch special!  You get wings and 2 sides for just $10!  Ridiculous!  If anyone were to give this place a bad review, it either means that they really do not know anything about Buffalo wings, or that the restaurant burned down during their visit.  I certainly hope the latter never happens for my sake...
Well it beats the anchor bar but nothing to write home about.  They were good wings but by far the best.  They are not shy with the sauce if you get med hot that's for sure.  Ordered them extra crispy and they were not close to that, it could be because they were drowned in sauce..  Not bad worth a stop if your a wing head... Still have not found a place in the country that can beat buffalo bills roadhouse outside of Pittsburgh pa
For the hometown of buffalo wings, I was expecting something angelic. The wings here were, well, quite normal. Maybe my expectations were high, but I was disappointed with the quality of the meat. It was a bit tough, and didn't taste fresh. Beware - the medium sauce was *definitely* medium, despite the signs around the restaurant claiming otherwise.
I LOVE DUFF'S ! That could be my whole review lol. The wings there are so much better than the "other place". Shoestring fries are awesome too. Go there in the summertime. While you are waiting outside, you can do lots of people watching, or car watching for that matter. Don't go without patience. Getting a table takes time. Lots of nice choices on the menu. Love the medium sauce!
Best wings, and the fries are great too.  I've made more trips here than I can count, always left happy.
My family and I were in buffalo and really wanted some great wings. I saw that this place had a lot of good reviews and we were not dissapointed! The wings were delicious, I got the medium sauce and it was plenty hot. Also they have a lot of meat on their wings unlike some other places where all you taste is sauce. This is definitely the place to go for wings in Buffalo, so good!
I'm honestly shcoked by superb reviews Duff's received on Yelp. I went there this past Labor Day weekend w a few friends. It was very busy - we waited half an hour or so. The Yelpers who said this place looks run down were right. Restaurant is old, seats are small. They staffed 6 waitresses for such a small place, yet service was still lacking. The chicken wings were disappointing. They were dripping w sauce (except mild), but at best, they were average. Nothing I can't get at any decent bar in NYC. The only special thing about Duff is Suicidal and Death sauce. Suicidal is tongue numbing, painfully spicy, but Death is 10x more spicy than it. Be warned! Finally, Duff charges $3 for a glass of milk (Milk helps ease spicy pain). Really, Duff? Will not return.
If I could give this place 6 stars, I would. They don't make wings like these on Long Island. As a former UB student, I miss them dearly.
If you are looking for truly good Buffalo Wings this is the place, wings don't get better then Duffs, believe me I have eaten way to may wings. The big debate in Buffalo is weather Duffs or Anchor Bar is better. Anchor Bar actually created the original Buffalo wing but it seems they haven't done as good of a job marketing themselves. So Duff's stepped up to the challenge, now many Buffalo people don't even know about Anchor Bar and Duff's is a household name. The wings at Duff's have more Buffalo sauce then your average wing which some love and some don't, personally I like wings either way. Anchor bar has bigger wings but unless you are close to Downtown Buffalo it isn't worth the drive. It seems like a new Duffs is popping up every month around Buffalo but this is the one to come to for the best Atmosphere and true Buffalo feel. The other Duff's pop up over night and feel like Burger Kings that serve great wings. If you are looking for a true Buffalo experience and truly great wings this is the place! This is one of the few places I take out of town visitors.
OK Buffalo wings; a little heavy on the vinegar but taste e. This is a no frills wings joint. Good service!
What can I say about Duff's that hasn't been said before? The wings were excellent. The service was great! The only thing that I would recommend is that if you're used to spicy food, order hotter than the medium. I ordered just the medium and was surprised that they weren't as hot as the menu said they were going to be "medium is hot". I wish I would have ordered hotter wings but I'm very happy with what I ordered. The wings were perfectly crispy and not breaded which totally ruins good wings. If I lived in New York I'd eat at Duff's on a regular basis and weigh a ton. Oh, I hear they have one in TX. Excuse me while I see how long the drive would be to get there...
I have been going to Duffs for 20+ years (damn im old) And I always knew it was good. The ICB was always one of my favorites but alas they stoppped making their own sausage (they stiil use the Costanza roll though). Any way went ther the other night for a take out single wing med crispy and  I SWEAR TO GOD they were the best wings I ever had. In my 45 years Ive eaten a shitload of wings and I SWEAR TO GOD these were the best ever!!! Still dirty and still great. Keep it up Duffs. ***NOTE*** I have been informed (by the owner, no shit!) that Duffs still makes their own sausage. I think I know one place I will be going to this week!! ICB  and a bowl of fries bigger than my head Ive mised you so.....
Wings suck. Soggy. Sauces okay. Price high for spot. BL: go elsewhere. Gabriel gate?
Consistently the best wings in buffalo.  My preference: medium light.
Okay, coming in to Buffalo we had to decide between Duff's and Anchor Bar.  Duff's are more dripping in sauce, and a very casual setting.  Anchor is more of a tourist location, with drier wings.  The price for 20 wings is about the same at either place, which I know since we decided to try a few wings at both places.  Of the four of us, 3 liked the taste of Duff's better, and 1 of us liked Anchor better.   As far as decor, Duff's is slightly worn, college hangout style, w/ formica booths, etc.
Duff's is one of those places that I have fat kid fantasies about. The food is delicious and deep fried and horrible for you, and you leave with equal feelings of guilt and joy. The joy ALWAYS overrides the guilt, though. A few tips for the Duff's newbie: 1. Head to Duff's an hour before you know you'll be hungry. On most nights, there is at least a 25 minute wait for a table during the dinner rush and service tends to be slow. Duff's isn't fast food, it's a commitment. 2. On the menu, they say that their medium is like other place's hot. It's completely true. If you're a medium type of kid like me, go for the mild. While you might feel like a wuss for ordering mild, it will be plenty hot. Trust. 3. Don't wear white, idiots. This food is messy, and grease + hot sauce doesn't always yield to the power of a Tide stick. Duff's in really, incredibly casual, so don't go there for a first date. Not only will you have the threat of your nice clothes being stained, but come on--there's no ladylike way to eat wings. I've tried. 4. Vegetarians beware-- this place is for omnivores. If you really want to go here, you're going to end up eating a salad as an entree, and there will be the bones of many unfortunate chickens in wooden bowls in front of you for an hour. Go to Amy's place.
They advertised that their medium wings are hot, so I assumed mild would be medium...not so.  Needed more sauce.  I was a little disappointed as maybe my expectations were built up too much...we are just talking wings.  The prices were horrible.  10 wings for $11.00?  The service was good.
I used to visit Duff's semi-regularly when I was living upstate and had a friend living in Buffalo, but (until this past weekend) haven't been there since I moved down to NYC in 2003.  That being the case, I was concerned that my memories of its awesomeness were a bit enhanced by the passage of time and the haze of drunkenness that clouds many of my memories of that era. Well, it turns out I had no reason for concern.  The wings were every bit as awesome as I remembered.  (And the large order of fries was every bit as large.)  Good size, not over- or undercooked, great flavor.  Some places try to tweak the recipe by throwing in black pepper or other stuff, but you really can't go wrong with the classic version.  Man, I just wish it was closer.
My favorite wings in buffalo. I've heard there are better out there, but I've yet to try something that's better than a Duffs wing. Meaty wings, potent sauce, fresh bleu cheese dressing thats clearly not from a bottle of kraft. Cute waitresses taboot. Get the grilled cheese! I love that Buffalo seems to only do grilled cheese with flipped hamburger buns/italian rolls. Even if it's not just for yourself, order and split one of these things - it's a cheesy, oily gutbomb in the best sortof way.
Not much I can say that hasn't already been said. Duff's provides the ultimate chicken wing experience. Their wings are a little less crunchy than Anchor Bar's, but I prefer Duff's sauce.  The wings are huge, cheap, you don't find broken bones all the time, and most importantly, they aren't breaded. Wings should never be breaded. Also, try the microbrew, you won't be disappointed. I've also never had bad service here, even when they were extremely busy, the wait times between the server's visits were never unreasonable. The inside has minimal decor, but who cares, you're there to gorge on wings, not for the ambiance. The fries are good, not amazing. This is my only 'complaint' about Duff's, and it's barely that.
The descriptive caption that appears when you click 5 stars on Yelp is "Woohoo As good as it gets!" I could just stop there... I'm not going to go into too much depth here because I don't have time in my schedule for a 14 hour pilgrimage which could literally happen if I think about Duff's delicious wings for too long. Duff's is the THE perfect wing joint IN THE WORLD!! They should really be in the running for a Michelin star (or two) as the wings are always well cooked, always covered in extra sauce. Their Blue Cheese is even selected specifically for their wings. On top of that they have their own beer, a solid Pale Ale that can stand up to the heat without overwhelming the flavor of their wings. Finally they serve some great thin cut French fries that go really well with the whole experience. I usually get the "Hot" wings they are, as the menu clearly explains, much hotter than a usual Hot wing but still have great flavor. Their BBQ sauces are also excellent. This location is also on the way to/from Niagara Falls so if you're doing the tourist trip you have no excuse for making a stop. (A friend of mine visited from Japan and we spent ~15 minutes at the falls and about 2 hours here.)
The best wings. Period. Better than Anchor Bar. We always order one of the meal deals, which is 20 wings, an enormous amount of fries and a pitcher of soda.
We arrived here pretty late (like 20 minutes before closing late), but the staff was really cool and very accommodating! The took our order and told us to take our time eating. Pretty good wings!! Nice and saucey! Really helpful staff!
No frills joint that is a local favorite for buffalo wings and a competitor of the original buffalo wing, Anchor Bar. The wings are piping hot, juicy and crispy, doused with your choice of spice-level sauce, and served with celery sticks, baby carrots, and blue cheese sauce. The sauce is nice and tangy. Also, they are willing to split up an order with multiple sauces (ie: we ordered 30 wings total, 15 wings in mild medium and 15 wings in medium hot). I'm a big fan of splitting up sauces when possible, because it let's you taste the spectrum of flavors (aka: allow some time for the mouth & tongue to cool down from the spiciness and tang of the sauce). Come here to only get wings, the buffalo wing done right.
well its no anchor bar, but it is good. whenever i eat chicken wings (for those who live in buffalo call them chicken wings, but all others call them buffalo wings) I have to prepare all day for it, that means no eating all day until the main event! It becomes a competition when we go into this place lactaid and tums in hand, and an empty stomach ready to eat as many wings as possible. the place is a little small... but its always packed, so you know its a hoppin place. like i said its no anchor bar but duffs is closer and its a close second place. :)
Best wings I have had. Has made me a believer again. Tried med and flavor was great. Maybe next time will try med/hot as I like a little more heat. Wings were fried just right with the perfect amount of sauce.
When in Rome.  So we have to try each Buffalo Wing Place on the map.  The local colleagues recommended this place of the local Anchor bar based on location.  Given the fact that this place is a dive I can only imagine what the other place looked like.  It actually looks a lot nicer from the outside than it is on the inside.  Don't get me wrong, it's the nice kind of divey look.  The decor clearly says; "we are focusing our attentions elsewhere".    Low ceilings, especially over the bar area, small table, inexpensive chairs that have one short leg giving you a wobbly ride.   They advertise that the Medium is hot, Medium hot is very hot, and Hot is Very Very Hot.  The consensus at our table was that: Mild Medium - Plain 'ol chicken Medium - Tangy Medium Hot - Spicy Hot -Will get your attention Suicide - Now that's what you come for. Next time our assortment will be different.  We could only do 2-3 of the suicide wings each.  After a couple of them your mouth is stinging pretty good and when you try to eat the next one the smell prompts you that this may not work out well.   The other sides are just OK.  It's a wing joint so the fries and onion rings are just add-ons and they present and taste as such.  If you have the taste for  spicy go up one notch from what you would normally take on.  If your not so adventurous the medium mild will make you feel like hero.
Good. Very very good. I went to Duff's because it was close to where I was staying and I had heard that Anchor Bar was a total tourist trap that had seen quality go down hill lately. The wait was long on a Monday night, 30-45 minutes. I was hoping to sit at the bar, but their bar isn't set up for that, so I had to wait. I ordered 10 mild-medium wings (smallest amount they offer). I read that medium were VERY hot. I like some kick, but not one of these knuckleheads who is willing to ruin his meal to prove he likes spicy food. For my taste, the mild-medium were perfect, if anything, they were a little on the hot side. I love wings, but only have them a few times a year. These were probably the best I've ever had, but nothing life-changing. That being said, I'd 100% go back if ever in Buffalo again. I also had the Beef on Weck, which I was told is Buffalo's other signature food. I enjoyed it much more than I thought I would. I prefer a hard, crusty Italian bread/roll, so the soft bun I was given didn't immediately appeal to me. But I did enjoy the caraway seeds and course salt on top, very nice flavor. The beef itself was very good, but I think it would be better with more gravy. I know they offer a roast beef with gravy, and maybe that's just my preference, but wanted to try this thing. In all, definitely a really good spot. Wings are great, beef was very good. Not to be forgotten, pints of beer are $3! Huge plus!
well after so many reviews I can't really add anything except Pepsi: winning! If duff's is the first to do wings this way then everyone else who has good wings has copied correctly.  I can now consider myself a wing connessaur officially and all other wings will be measured against Duff's.  How does Duffs stack against the king of wings in Manassas?  They are right on par...only thing that makes Duff's better is that they have different heat levels and BBQ flavor but the mild medium are the same heat as the Manassas king and as such does not unseat City Grille unless it can be established that Duff's was first and that City Grille copied then City Grille would of course lose the crown.   If you want the heat level that is what I would call "the standard heat level" that would be the mild medium. Things that Duffs does right 1. Pepsi 2. Wings are crispy 3. Blue cheese dressing is really good quality 4. Heat levels are good I give them 5 stars because they really don't do anything wrong :) Also had a cheese burger and the roll that it comes on is THE RIGHT kind of roll I don't know what kind of bread it is, but if you make cheeseburgers at home that is the kind of bread/roll you want to use I guess you could say Duff's sets the standards so get to Buffalo NY and that way you'll be able to establish a bar against which you can judge other places
I loved the selection of wing flavored they had. I got hot and it came in way to much sauce but the flavor was delicious.  I am from out of town and it seems like a must see place if your in Buffalo but you won't be let down.
Enough already with the "Duff's is the best! No Anchor Bar is!" debate. If you like chicken wings you'll like Duff's. You might not regard them as the OMG these are the greatest ever shut up no one else's are even close... but if you find yourself not saying that then you're probably a reasonable person. Very good hot wings. If you want ridiculously hot go with the death wings. My friends went temporarily deaf from the heat. Apparently that is a thing that can happen. What it didn't happen to you when you tried them? Cool story bro, this comment is clearly not for you.
One of the famous wing places in the Buffalo area, only rival would be Anchor Bar in terms of popularity and being well known in the area in my opinion. When I went here I got the double order of chicken wings with extra hot sauce. Duff's is usually always busy and sometimes there's been a wait but it's worth it if you're craving a very good chicken wing. There's not much else to say about the place, you know why you want to go there so don't fight the urge and just go! :)
Passing through town, we decided to have our own taste test. My husband and I both liked Duff's wings better than Anchor bar's. The crisp of the chicken was better at Duff's as well as the sauce. We also enjoyed the blue cheese at Duff's as well. If we drive through again, I would definitely stop at Duff's for some good wings!
Ordinarily, I would never give a dive bar that uses laminated menus and serves food on plastic plates five stars for food.  But Duff's, located just outside of Buffalo NY, is no ordinary dive bar.  It has a full menu of greasy bar type food, which includes the world's greatest chicken wings.  And when it comes to wings, I have high standards - I lived in Buffalo from the ages of four to seventeen, and during that time I ate at every joint in Buffalo (Anchor Bar, LaNova) and the surrounding areas (Quaker Steak) deemed to be serve "great wings".  So "best wings" isn't a term I use flippantly. Now I realize that most of you will never set foot in Buffalo (and truth be told, why would you?  There's a reason I left as soon as I was ready to go to college), so this review may come off as a big tease.  But let me fill you in on what you're missing.  What makes Duff's wings so great?  Simplicity and perfect usage of the deep fryers.  Unlike a lot of places that serve a multitude of wing flavors (sesame ginger! teriyaki!) Duff's serves only two: traditional and BBQ, both in varying degrees of spiciness.  Their traditional sauce, which is a glow-in-the-dark-orange color, is composed of exactly two ingredients: Frank's Red Hot and popcorn butter.  Doesn't sound like much, but when you take your first bite of deep fried chicken flesh, you'll understand why less is more.  The other thing Duff's does well (in fact better than anywhere else I've ever been) is understand that deep frying has a very short half life.  Your wings are taken out of the fryer, tossed in sauce, and then rushed to your table.  Orders often (read: usually) arrive at your table in as they're ready, which means you might be done eating before your neighbor takes their first bite.  Of course, this also means that for the first five or so glorious minutes, not only are the wings steaming hot, they're incredibly crispy, even when sauced.   And that's really all that goes into great wings.  A commitment to simplicity, and a crisp outer shell with tender white meat on the inside.  Duff's recognizes this, and executes perfectly.  That's why whenever I go home (mom and dad, if you're reading this, can you please move out of Buffalo to somewhere warmer?), Duff's is my first stop.  It's why whenever someone comes to Buffalo, I skip the more hyped Anchor bar and take them to Duff's. I should mention one more thing: you know you're in for a good meal at Duff's because you can smell the deep frying chicken and hot sauce literally a quarter mile before you pull into the restaurant.   Incidentally, Duff's also serves great french fries, which have a slight hint of chicken to them, most likely from sharing deep fryer oil with all the chicken wings.
This place is better than Anchor Bar, in my opinion. I'm a spicy-food wuss but the medium wings dipped in blue cheese taste delicious and are definitely easy to handle! I've been here 5 times throughout college and every time the wings have been plump, moist, and amazing. I see some of the reviews on here have complained about their wings being dry but I've never had this happen to me. Some cons to this location are the tiny parking lot and crowding inside the building. The service is hit-and-miss as well but the food makes it worth it! Definitely stop by here if you're in Buffalo!
I really should have gone to both Duff's and the Anchor Bar this day, but I didn't have the time or stomach bandwidth. In my humble opinion Duff's trumps Anchor Bar (airport location).  The atmosphere was kitsch Buffalo, the food was cheap, the wings were heavenly... perfectly crisp skin and tender meat, medium (pretty spicy but the butter was apparent in the mellowing of that spice), excellent blue cheese - the only thing is, I only eat the flats, so this is not a review for the drums hahahahaha
Recommended by my aunt, a local, we found the best wings period. Granted, these ate the first chicken wings we have had. And I can call them that when in buffalo. I agree this place may be the Mecca of wings. But until I crown them I will have to try the anchor.
Best wings I've ever had! Two times in two days...
Thank you Baby Jesus for this delicious food. I had to try Duff's after hearing so much about them when I originally moved to Buffalo. I normally can't eat 'Hot Wings (I get 3rd degree burns on my tongue) but these were fantastic and worth the pain. Get a pitcher & plenty of bleu cheese to cool yourself down!
If I had to choose between going to Anchor Bar and going to Duff's, I would choose Duff's.   If I had to choose between going to Duff's in Orchard Park, and Duff's on Sheridan Drive...I would choose Sheridan Drive.  The Sheridan Dr location has a much more authentic, blue collar, hole-in-the-wall feel to it.  It makes the tiny, salty wings taste that much more real.
Friendly wait staff even though they were slammed when i was there.  In had the hot BBQ wings which is a really great sauce,  not too hot but it has a little pinch.  I've never had anything else on the menu, but, has anyone?  "Hey bro, lets go down to Duffs for their good old fashioned fried bologna sandwich" lol what?!
Great wings and really well priced.  Very casual environment and great Duff's local brew.
Very good wings. Crispy skin but super tender. Had hot and suicide wings. Absolutely love hot food. Both were great but only the suicide wings had that burn that I would say are very hot. Great service.
Duff's has turned me into a beef on weck believer. I didn't know what the big deal was about this so called "weck", but oh my goodness, it is delicious here. For anyone who isn't familiar with beef on weck, it's a roast beef sandwich on a roll. The roll is the weck, which is short for kummelweck. Weck is different from a regular roll, because of its large salt crystals and caraway seeds on top. Their wings are pretty tasty, but if you're visiting Buffalo and you've never had a beef on weck, you have to get both when you're at Duff's.
If there is anything you don't want to do, don't order the sauce on the side. You will get stares. That aside, these are the best wings in Buffalo, hands down. I can't handle spice, but I let my tongue burn for the sensational sauce of Duff's. If you come to Duff's you come here for the hot wings. I tried the barbeque wings, but it's actually quite mediocre. Crispy wings tossed in delicious hot wings sauce, you can't go wrong with that. Be prepared to get really messy.
Go here and order wings and beer.  Prepare to be amazed!  Warning:  The medium has some kick to it.
never been to Buffalo NY. neither had half the people in this place. but the other half were all locals and you could tell they loved it. we loved the wings. my idea about wings was shattered. I had it wrong. these are the wings! I'm ashamed of the wings I used to eat.
Good. Very very good. I went to Duff's because it was close to where I was staying and I had heard that Anchor Bar was a total tourist trap that had seen quality go down hill lately. The wait was long on a Monday night, 30-45 minutes. I was hoping to sit at the bar, but their bar isn't set up for that, so I had to wait. I ordered 10 mild-medium wings (smallest amount they offer). I read that medium were VERY hot. I like some kick, but not one of these knuckleheads who is willing to ruin his meal to prove he likes spicy food. For my taste, the mild-medium were perfect, if anything, they were a little on the hot side. I love wings, but only have them a few times a year. These were probably the best I've ever had, but nothing life-changing. That being said, I'd 100% go back if ever in Buffalo again. I also had the Beef on Weck, which I was told is Buffalo's other signature food. I enjoyed it much more than I thought I would. I prefer a hard, crusty Italian bread/roll, so the soft bun I was given didn't immediately appeal to me. But I did enjoy the caraway seeds and course salt on top, very nice flavor. The beef itself was very good, but I think it would be better with more gravy. I know they offer a roast beef with gravy, and maybe that's just my preference, but wanted to try this thing. In all, definitely a really good spot. Wings are great, beef was very good. Not to be forgotten, pints of beer are $3! Huge plus!
Everyone says if you go to Buffalo you need to get the wings at Duff's. Yeah, that was a good idea. The wings are meaty and fried just right, the meat was still juicy. The medium is not as hot as they make it sound, but if you aren't sure, go with medium.
I had the anchor bar wings and buffalo wild wings.  I prefer the meaty goodness of this place.
Couldn't leave Buffalo without some real  Buffalo Wings!!! So i had read before hand that the two main wing joints were Anchor Bar (OG) and Duffs. Duffs was a 5 minute drive from our hotel, so after our long long day at Niagara, i was happy to find that they were open until 11pm and at 10:30 we were eating our wings take out in our hotel rooms. We got 10 wings medium for aobut 10 bucks. Came with their signature Blue Cheese dip with celery sticks and carrots. When i read that: Mild was spicy, spicy was REALLY spicy, and Suicide is suicide. i was expecting that mild would burn my mouth, but actually it was really mild and i could eat them no problem. I normally dont' like blue cheese, but something about theirs, which tasted like it was mixed with Ranch, was really good. The skin was crisp and chicken moist and was not overly sauced or greasy. I'm no wing expert, but i really enjoyed these wings!!!
Seriously vinegary buffalo wings. The Medium is mildly hot. After about 4 wings I didn't want to eat any more buffalo wings for the rest of my visit. Too bad I had to go to Anchor Bar. I appreciated Duff's a lot more after that visit. If I ever had the urge to eat Buffalo wings again I would come to Duff's.
Best wings I ever had!! I like spicy and listened to their motto and only ordered the medium and was satisfied with the kick.  Very reasonably priced and the service was great!  It's no wonder why they are famous and the most popular wing joint in the town famous for it's wings!!
Best wings in Buffalo! Great comfort food w large bowl of fries. Must have the Roast Beef on Weck. I recommend with mozzarella and onions. If you're in the area it's a a place you have to hit, sit, and enjoy. Service is pretty solid too! Beats Anchor hands down.
as a whole, totally awesome wings. well prepared, high quality chicken rarely loses. it's just that i prefer anchor bar's sauce and bleu cheese...
One of the famous wing places in the Buffalo area, only rival would be Anchor Bar in terms of popularity and being well known in the area in my opinion. When I went here I got the double order of chicken wings with extra hot sauce. Duff's is usually always busy and sometimes there's been a wait but it's worth it if you're craving a very good chicken wing. There's not much else to say about the place, you know why you want to go there so don't fight the urge and just go! :)
The place needs a major makeover - cold and dank describes it best. You can get good wings at almost any bar in Buffalo - notice I said bar not restaurant. I guess people return there when they are back in town for the memories of good times, cause it ain't  for the "best wings". If you feel the need to go (like disneyland) - pop your head in the door, check out the dining (lol) area, and exit.
this place kicks the Anchor Bar's ass. i think the sauce at the anchor bar is better but the wings are meatier and better fried here. the death wings are extremely spicy, I could only eat 5 of them. every time i go back to buffalo i eat here. oh yeah, and WASH YOUR HANDS *REALLY* WELL BEFORE YOU URINATE.
Oh how I adore Duffs wings. If you are looking for the best wing joint in town, this is the place. Now I must preface this with a bias. I love wet tangy sauce that is smothered on and sticks to the wings. These wings are soo saucy you'll go through a bunch of napkins powering through these bad boys. Oh, and did I mention the blue cheese. A tangy blue cheese with a hint of garlic. Delicious. Plus, you get a nice basket of fries to dip into the wing sauce in the bowl. Wow... I'm drooling over here..
Another great place for buffalo wings. However if you haven't done Anchor Bar I suggest you try there first just because. Only a tool would skip out on the birthplace of the buffalo wing just because people on Yelp told him too. Try them out for yourself to compare! Personally I think I liked Duff's better although the atmosphere of Anchor Bar wins out. I did like the live music there. Duff's is more on the casual side.
We were in town for the Bills-Raiders football game and this was our first stop after leaving the airport.  We had wings at three different places during our stay in Buffalo, and this was our favorite. The customer service was outstanding, and the prices are fair. I was told the hot wings were extremely hot, and that the medium wings were hot.  Since this was our first time, we ordered medium and mild wings.  The medium wings weren't as hot as I expected, so given another chance, I would try the hot wings. We also ordered the beef on weck sandwich.  Great sandwich.  The beef was very tender.  I wasn't used to so much salt on top of the kimmelweck bun, so I removed about half the salt from the top of the bun, and t was perfect. We arrived for lunch just at 11:30 on a Saturday and were seated right away.  When we departed around 1pm, there were quite a few people waiting for a table.  The parking lot was half full when we arrived, but completely packed when we left.   There were people in cars waiting for other customers to leave.  Recommend getting there before noon for easier parking, and getting a table right away.
Never been and had too try. Had 10 wings mild, the wings were good sized and done perfectly, the sauce had good flavor, also got side of HOT, be prepared to sweat and dont touch your eyes like this dumbass did.Fries were thin cut and crispy and plentiful. Side salad was ok, lettuce tasted clean big plus for me.. Wasnt much to look at inside or out but thats means notta to me. All in all am at the point were its tough to get excited about wings. Anyone remember M&E lounge on Military Rd? Their wings were amazing, they had a light breading, so good and very missed.
I was excited to try what I was told was one of the best wings places in buffalo, the home of the buffalo wing. I've been to several other places in the area for wings and I grew up in Rochester so I can say I am familiar with what a good wing is. Sadly, I was not impressed with Duff's. I was a little scared off by their boasting about how hot their wings are, despite my tolerance for spicy wings, I stuck with medium. Overall it tasted like Franks sauce... Not impressed considering I have a giant bottle in my fridge at home in DC. Don't get me wrong, I like franks, I put it on food all the time, but any place can serve that over fried chicken wings. I didn't travel here for that and I wouldn't call that a good wing. The ambiance was nothing special. The duffs beer was surprisingly good though. Stick to anchor or mooney's for wings while in buffalo, you'll be less disappointed.
I really should have gone to both Duff's and the Anchor Bar this day, but I didn't have the time or stomach bandwidth. In my humble opinion Duff's trumps Anchor Bar (airport location).  The atmosphere was kitsch Buffalo, the food was cheap, the wings were heavenly... perfectly crisp skin and tender meat, medium (pretty spicy but the butter was apparent in the mellowing of that spice), excellent blue cheese - the only thing is, I only eat the flats, so this is not a review for the drums hahahahaha
Yum! It was my first time in Buffalo (and most likely the only time) so I had to have Buffalo wings! My brother and his friend said this is where we should go so we did. The wait wasn't too long but it was busy even for lunch. We had the spicy BBQ and medium hot wings and it was delicious. I'm not a huge wings person but these wings were good. I also enjoyed their microbrew a lot. If come back here if I ever did make it back to Buffalo.
Best wings anywhere. If you want to know what Buffalo wings should taste like, go to Duffs!
The best wings in Buffalo!  Love them HOT!
The wings are good, but the place is sort of gross.  I don't mind eating in dives, but I did not like being greeted by the smell of a beer soaked ashtray (it really is the one smell that irks me - ask my husband, as he's come home many a night with that aroma - I like to call it Eau de 19th Hole).   As it was, the place was packed and I was with a group if 12. The staff was attentive and I did enjoy the wings.  Also - someone with me ordered the mild wings...Yuk!  Just get them hot like they're supposed to be!!!
I loved the dive-y atmosphere and the great deal for wings + fries + pitcher. Based on other Yelp reviews, I was expecting "crispy wings" under the sauce which didn't happen for us. Mainly I want to mention that despite the warnings on the staff t-shirts, posters, etc., we thought we'd be good to order medium (I actually thought the only three choices were medium, medium-hot & hot but I was incorrect, you can order plain, mild, mild-medium & more) - but as they tell you, medium = hot and even though I generally love spicy food, this felt more like a meal to survive rather than enjoy! However, we would try it again and maybe go for the mild sauce or try mild-medium on the side.
Grew up in Buffalo and was excited for a return visit to try Duff's wings after watching Food Wars a while back. Went to the original location, which has zero ambiance but more than willing to overlook for great wings. What a disappointment! My hot wings were served in a soup of hot sauce and the taste was something any novice could achieve at home with a deep fryer, a bottle of hot sauce and a stick of butter. The presentation was bad and the taste was worse. My son had the medium wings which were slightly better, achieving average status. Nothing was fresh. The pepperoncini on my wife's salad were uncommonly bland. Conclusion: Formerly proud wing joint that has gone Tourist Trap at about a buck a wing with below average quality. Don't waste your time or money. Find a wing joint that still has some pride.
Honestly I went here with high hopes after the reviews.... While from outside the place looked like a nice beer / Wings place, it was trying too hard inside, too much light for what it was and the ambience wasn't very welcoming either. I tried the Death sauce wings (hottest on the menu) with a side order of shrimps. Both came with a super large order of thin cut fries... Nothing special. The celery wasn't even cut up, such large stalks given. The shrimps weren't bad, the wings on the other hand, absolutely horrible, came in a wooden type of bowl, floating in sauce.... Didn't look appetizing nor smell it. I had the wings, while I agree they are really hot, burns the outside of your mouth and where ever the sauce touches but that's it. No internal heat. The wings itself no flavour, dry. I asked the waitress about it and she mentioned that's how they come. Disappointing. Gonna try anchor bar next time I'm in Buffalo.
If I had to choose between going to Anchor Bar and going to Duff's, I would choose Duff's.   If I had to choose between going to Duff's in Orchard Park, and Duff's on Sheridan Drive...I would choose Sheridan Drive.  The Sheridan Dr location has a much more authentic, blue collar, hole-in-the-wall feel to it.  It makes the tiny, salty wings taste that much more real.
So I was in Buffalo for a business trip and conducted my own mini wing taste test.  I tried Duff's first, at the recommendation of my coworker who grew up in the area.  The wings were really good - I got the medium and in addition to the signs everywhere that state that medium is hot I was informed by the server that medium is hot.  When the wings arrived, they were piping hot!(temperature hot)  I waited a little to dive in, but they smelled yummy.  Once they cooled down a little I was pleasantly surprised.  They were spicy, not too spicy but I love my spicy foods :-) Being a native Californian I had never heard of Loganberry and had to try it - all I can say is Yum!  It was kindof like a good fruit punch. Their wings are waaaayyyyy better than the Anchor Bar.  Hands down.  The place is a bit of a dive but that is fitting for a wing place.
delicious wings! no more words! :)
Are you here to help your choice between Anchor and Duffs?  Go to Anchor Bar and leave this place in the dust.  I had heard Duff's was THE place... But I was deceived. I've travelled around the Northeast experiencing wings from all sorts of places that claim to have great ones.  I've been to wing festival upon wing festival.  I've travelled five hours just to try BUFFALO wings in Buffalo, Ny.  These, though, were not worth it (even if I lived within five minutes). The wings were so disappointing.  The signs everywhere claim "The medium is hot.  The medium-hot is really hot.  The hot is really, really hot."  Sure, maybe if you're 10.  I ordered extra crispy hot wings, my husband (not wanting to get the medium hot for fear it would be too similar) just ordered medium.  When they came, his were tough (not crispy) and mine were as soggy as they come.  When we first got them, I was confused by the hot sauce, thinking maybe his was hot and mine was medium.  We traded, and besides the slightly more tomato taste of mine, actually couldn't tell the difference. We told the waitress that maybe there was some mistake, and she was beyond rude about it.  Mine were absolutely the hot and his were the medium and they don't make mistakes like that.  So.. I got a side of suicide.  Hotter, sure, but not impressive.  The flavors of the sauces were FINE but nothing to write home about.  The hot was overly tomatoey, the suicide just tasted like vinegar.  I ended up mixing the two together to make a reasonably edible sauce. Maybe this was too much, but I can't explain my level of disappointment.  Bad wings, bad service, and truly not worth the trip.
Just get the wings. Don't bother with fries. Don't get extra blue cheese; they give you about a cup in one serving. The medium-hot were more like a medium. Best wings I've ever had.
So this is part 2 of my ultimate wing comparo - see my review on Anchor Bar.  We went here on our way back from an invigorating trip to Niagara falls culminating in a hiek around the Three Sisters island with a skittish sheltie-mix in 95 degree weather.  Needless to say, I was READY for beer and wings.  Luckily, Duff's specializes in both of those things - and lot's of it!  Unlike Anchor bar, this appears to be a place where "real-Buffalo-ans"  go to eat.  It's location should really indicate that alone.  It's adjacent to a tire store with a auto parts store and a Walgreens across the street.  nothing to speak of here.  It looks like it could have been an used car lot in a previous life.  The lot is generous, however if you are unable to find space, there is an overflow lot on the other side of building.   The ambiance is not much to speak of and is the complete polar opposite of the Anchor Bar.  No gift shop, no t-shirts for sale saying I went to the "Other Original Buffalo Wing Place" or any touristy signs or motorcycles hanging from the ceiling.  Definitely a place for getting some serious eatin' done!   The wings are about the same price, although might have been about a wing cheaper or so, but pretty much a tie.  They make a really big deal about their sauces being hotter than everybody else so be careful what you order. I have to disagree.  If you are looking for the endorphine rush that I think you must be when eating wings, then go ahead with hot.  We ordered their medium, which is supposed to be everybody's hot, and I was mildly entertained.  Nothing to write home about.  Go all out!  The sauce was tangy and spicy, but I feel that there was a bit too much vinegar for my taste.  Could have been a bit more flavorful and a bit less sour.  It really hit me in the back of the mouth when I took my first bite.  Also, their blue cheese dressing is pretty much something out of a bottle, as other people have said in other posts.  That being said, it's more like the normal dressing that you would get so it doesn't take any getting used to unlike Anchor which was a little more like a custom blend.  Again, skip it anyway if you are a purist! Also skip the fries and other accoutrements as they don't really do a good job on those things.  There should be plenty of food as is with the celery and carrots that come with the wings.  If you're still hungry, just order more wings!   Overall, the place if what you would expect from a "wing place."  It's simple, relatively cheap, and you get a lot of good simple food.  Eat what they're good at making and you won't be disappointed.  If you stray from their core dish you might not be that satisfied.  The only reason it's not on par with the Anchor Bar is that the sauce is a bit too tangy and they have really dummed down the heat with that "our medium is their hot" thing.  Other than that, it's a close second, maybe 4.75 stars?
Duff's is really a mixed bag. The first few times I went there, the wings were tasty. Not too saucy, not too fried, delicious with the bowl of fries, reasonable prices and quick service. Recently, however, it's been different and not for the better. It's still good, but it does seem to be getting a little worse each time I go. The wings are indeed smaller, and I believe they try to cover up the poor shrunken chicken appendages with extra sauce. They gave us three measly baby carrot sticks with the plate and one piece of celery. Why should we pay extra for a few tiny chunks of carrots/celery? Would they charge you extra for ketchup at McDonald's? The fries were worse too, small and burnt. I think it's bad business to shirk on the quality of your premier product. I would much rather pay a few extra dollars to keep the quality high than have them cut corners a little at a time until it's one step up from the generic wings at any Crapplebee's or Pizza Hutt. I too have done the Duff's vs. Anchor Bar showown and Anchor Bar is seeming more and more the victor.
I'm honestly shcoked by superb reviews Duff's received on Yelp. I went there this past Labor Day weekend w a few friends. It was very busy - we waited half an hour or so. The Yelpers who said this place looks run down were right. Restaurant is old, seats are small. They staffed 6 waitresses for such a small place, yet service was still lacking. The chicken wings were disappointing. They were dripping w sauce (except mild), but at best, they were average. Nothing I can't get at any decent bar in NYC. The only special thing about Duff is Suicidal and Death sauce. Suicidal is tongue numbing, painfully spicy, but Death is 10x more spicy than it. Be warned! Finally, Duff charges $3 for a glass of milk (Milk helps ease spicy pain). Really, Duff? Will not return.
Duff's has turned me into a beef on weck believer. I didn't know what the big deal was about this so called "weck", but oh my goodness, it is delicious here. For anyone who isn't familiar with beef on weck, it's a roast beef sandwich on a roll. The roll is the weck, which is short for kummelweck. Weck is different from a regular roll, because of its large salt crystals and caraway seeds on top. Their wings are pretty tasty, but if you're visiting Buffalo and you've never had a beef on weck, you have to get both when you're at Duff's.
Traveling from Toronto and Niagara Falls, I guess it was a no brainer to visit Buffalo and to visit Duff's, especially since my wife used to visit her brother when he attended the university there and they would go out to eat chicken wings. We ordered a daily special #1 with 20 wings, bowl of fries, and a pitcher of soda that was enough for four people.  We also ordered a large salad and chicken wings (mostly for myself but shared with my two sons).  Since I am not a chicken wings fan, I cannot comment but my wife and kids like the Medium hot wings.  She was underwhelmed by the salad and she's big on salad hence the 4 star rating. The place was packed and had people waiting (including us).  But, there was enough parking space.  The place had a lot of energy from all the younger adults there. We picked up a bottle of hot sauce for my wife's brother for old time's sake.
The best wings in the city known for it.  Do not come here to buy fries, burgers, or anything else... even if those are on the menu.  If you are looking for wings, this is the place.
Okay, coming in to Buffalo we had to decide between Duff's and Anchor Bar.  Duff's are more dripping in sauce, and a very casual setting.  Anchor is more of a tourist location, with drier wings.  The price for 20 wings is about the same at either place, which I know since we decided to try a few wings at both places.  Of the four of us, 3 liked the taste of Duff's better, and 1 of us liked Anchor better.   As far as decor, Duff's is slightly worn, college hangout style, w/ formica booths, etc.
I don't know what the fuss is about. Based on raves from a fellow coworker who grew up in Buffalo and regularly visits, this is the place for wings. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but my experience on a late Saturday afternoon at ~3pm included a 25 min wait time for a 2-top, overly dry, crispy, and undersauced wings. Granted, the lunch special was a damn good deal and will definitely fill you up, but if you are like me and enjoy tender, juicy buffalo wings, perhaps this isn't the best place to find them.
Bestest Best Wings Ever. Better than Anchor Bar by far. The fries are to die for. You get a plastic bucket for your chicken bones. Any Buffalo born and raised girl should know, come here for the Yum.
Originally heard about this place on TV, Food Network or Travel Channel, can't remember. But, co-workers and I were visiting Buffalo for training and Duff's came recommended. I yelp-ed them and we decided it might be the best place to savor authentic Buffalo Wings. It was late, and we still waited. WORTH THE WAIT! Loved it. The menu is short and sweet. You go here for the wings, period. I had the mild, which were not hot at all (I'm not a spicy fan). However, my co-wroker asked for a side of the medium sauce and it was delish. So, if I had to order again, I would have gone with the medium. This is the place to be for authentic wongs from Buffalo.
We arrived here pretty late (like 20 minutes before closing late), but the staff was really cool and very accommodating! The took our order and told us to take our time eating. Pretty good wings!! Nice and saucey! Really helpful staff!
Seriously vinegary buffalo wings. The Medium is mildly hot. After about 4 wings I didn't want to eat any more buffalo wings for the rest of my visit. Too bad I had to go to Anchor Bar. I appreciated Duff's a lot more after that visit. If I ever had the urge to eat Buffalo wings again I would come to Duff's.
Duff's IS Buffalo wings....crispy, hot, zesty, yum! Made the right way, with Frank's Red Hot you won't be sorry you waited in a ridiculous line on a Tuesday for these bad boys. Grab a beer, grab your wings, be happy man.
Truly the best wings, best homemade bleu cheese dressing ever.  The Medium Light wings are really the best - enough sauce and just enough spice with tons of flavor. Pretty much only has wings.  That's why you go there. Oh and their fries and loganberry make it.  Please move to New England.
I visited Buffalo for a football game and was compelled to try buffalo wings at its birthplace. I visited Anchor bar, Gabriel's, and Duff bar on my long weekend. Duff's wings were very good and spicier than most.  They even have signage warning you that their medium wings are pretty hot.  I like spicier foods so I enjoyed the extra kick in the wing sauce. I'd say you have to try Anchor just due to principle.  But make sure to stop in at Duff's for a meatier perhaps better chicken wing.
I've never been to Anchor Bar, but I've been to Duff's and I loved every minute of it. Inside, it smells like piss, but when you get your order of wings, the smell of your food will overpower the stench. It's not as gross as it's sounds. You'll have to wait for a bit, but they cooks make up for that. Almost as soon as you order, your food is on your table piping hot. Only order the wings though. Duff's shouldn't be allowed to make anything else since they do such a bad job at it. Don't be a tough guy. By that I mean don't go for the suicidal/death wings. They actually are really really hot and after one wing you're going to regret it. Even with all the bleu cheese in the world, your mouth will feel like it has a fireball inside. As much as I like Duff's though, I feel as if there are mom and pop places that serve better wings out there. I just have to discover one.
mmm, good wings. We had an early dinner one day and I hear we barely missed the crowds. I believe it because by the time we finished the huge load of wings and poppers sitting in front of us, the place was starting to form a line for tables. I haven't had the original buffalo wings from the original joint, time did not permit, but I really liked the wings from Duff's, a little crispy and lots of meat and enough sauce. It's funny thought that they warn you that medium is really hot (I laughed at that one - I come from the land of the really freaking hot) so I ordered Very Hot just to see. The wings were hot but not to the point of loosing the feeling in my lips kind of hot. Good flavor so I enjoyed it. Enjoyed the beer on tap. It was refreshing along with them tasty wings. I'll be back.
I had one night in Buffalo and was told by the hotel concierge that Duff's is a good place to get wings. So I drove over to Duff's and waited for an hour to get a seat inside. I was disappointed by the wings. I don't mind the long wait and the slow service, but I do mind eating wings that are dry and doused in a sauce that is tasteless except for capsicum + strong battery acid. I love spicy food but I do not love spiciness blended with a one note sourness. If they made the sauce less sour I might actually be able to eat a few more wings. As is, I gave up after 4 or 5 wings and had to throw away the rest the next day. Maybe the next time I go to Buffalo I should try Anchor Bar.
Food other than wings is mediocre. Generally the wings are ok but if you're in a group with people who need more than wings I recommend another place
Another great place for buffalo wings. However if you haven't done Anchor Bar I suggest you try there first just because. Only a tool would skip out on the birthplace of the buffalo wing just because people on Yelp told him too. Try them out for yourself to compare! Personally I think I liked Duff's better although the atmosphere of Anchor Bar wins out. I did like the live music there. Duff's is more on the casual side.
Yep I'm back. And with my family. Made my 83 year old Grandma wait an hour for these wings (she loves the wings too ok?). Got 20 mild medium/fries/labatt blue light pitcher. I ate til I felt like I was going to throw up and will continue to do so, every time I come home. Best.wings.ever!!!!! I love and miss you Duff's!
Oooooooo so good! Wings were good but fried bologna sandwich even better!
So to be honest, the place is an absolute sh** hole and with how big their reputation is, you'd think they'd renovate or move to a classier location. I didn't like the atmosphere, but oh my god, the wings were incredible and the price was even better! They had a fair beer selection as well. I will be a return customer despite the sketchy atmosphere.
For all the haters....Duffs is IT!! We always order #4, medium, extra crispy with a pitcher of Blue light. Now, I'm not saying there aren't good wings at other places in Buffalo. I've never waited more than 20 minutes, and I went with a party of 15 before and I think it only took 30-35 minutes to seat us on a busy Saturday night. You can go to pretty much any dive bar in the area and get an order of good wings. But Duffs has everyone beat, it's just sooo good, trust me. I've had Anchor Bar, and they are decent, but Duffs has them by a long shot. When I move from Buffalo, it's gonna be a sad day without Duffs (and Wegmans) but you can call ahead and get them frozen to travel with you!
Regretably, I have not been to Duff's in quite some time, but from what I am reading, it appears that Duff's is still as awesome as it used to be.  I probably haven't been there in better than 10+ years, but I STILL tell people to pass by the Anchor Bar and head straight to Duff's when they are up there visiting Buffalo.  Glad to hear it has not changed much.  Can't wait to get back there at some point.
Didn't understand the hype of this restaurant. Personally I had better wings in buffalo before. I even had better wings in Killington, Vermont! First time and my last time there. Even my friends feel that there are better wings elsewhere.
Best wings on the Niagara Frontier...fast service, lots of napkins.  Never an off batch, flats and drums balanced.  Last time we went to a famous competitor, I received 9 flats, one drum, all hard as a rock.  Time before, half done.  Duff's is reliable, consistent, and has made life a symphony of Buffalonian pride.  This is where to take the out of town folks.
The wings are good, but the place is sort of gross.  I don't mind eating in dives, but I did not like being greeted by the smell of a beer soaked ashtray (it really is the one smell that irks me - ask my husband, as he's come home many a night with that aroma - I like to call it Eau de 19th Hole).   As it was, the place was packed and I was with a group if 12. The staff was attentive and I did enjoy the wings.  Also - someone with me ordered the mild wings...Yuk!  Just get them hot like they're supposed to be!!!
So I'm in town again. Duff's was the first place me and my colleague decided to hit. It was as delicious as ever.
I had high expectations for this place. I've tried wings all over the country and finally I'm in Buffalo and get to try the originals. I think that maybe I don't really like Buffalo wings... The wings were good but they didn't blow me away. I've had wings just as good outside of Buffalo.
I have always been a fan of the Anchor Bar. I still am. However, after visiting Duff's I concede that their wings edge out the Anchor Bar's wings. We let the waitress talk us down to Medium-Hot sauce, but should have gone with Hot. Great flavor regardless. Just for kicks we got a side of the "Death Sauce" and tried it on a couple wings. It took 10 minutes for my brother's face to stop sweating. Definitely the hottest sauce I've ever had. And certainly hotter than the Anchor Bar's "Suicide Sauce" (which is actually edible and not as hot as the hype).
Just get the wings. Don't bother with fries. Don't get extra blue cheese; they give you about a cup in one serving. The medium-hot were more like a medium. Best wings I've ever had.
Duff's has a bit of a weird vibe.  It isn't a dive bar (in that I don't know of anyone who goes there just to drink), but it isn't quite a family restaurant, either.   The bar is on your right when you walk in, populated almost exclusively by waitresses and the masses of people waiting for tables at one of the world's foremost chicken wing joints.   To your left is the dining room, which is reminiscent of a 1970s basement -- replete with plenty of wood paneling and Formica, but bereft of natural light (as well as Natural Light, unfortunately). Atmosphere aside, if you're in the market for chicken wings, Duff's makes arguably the best anywhere.  These wings are the epitome of their genre -- crispy, tasty, and perfectly sauced.  They aren't huge, but then I've never understood people who enjoy chewing on giant rubbery genetically-modified drumsticks anyway.  There aren't many sauce options, but the hot sauce is excellent and pretty spicy -- I get medium (or even "mild medium") here, though I'll order hot elsewhere in Buffalo.  You'll definitely need a bowl of fries and a pitcher of Labatt to cool down your tastebuds between wings. I've only tried a few things aside from the wings and fries, and none of them have been exemplary.  But you don't go to a Ford dealer to get a Chevy, do you?
Okay, so not only was this a while ago, but this was also when I absolutely hated spicy things. I just couldn't eat them. But I remember this experience not only having extremely spicy wings when they were supposed to be extra mild, even if I had them now, I'd probably not like them too much. One afternoon, I came here with my whole family, and we decided on a bucket of 50 wings, and I think it was 30 wings medium (which is hot in duff's terms), and then 20 extra mild wings, because at the time my mom and I hated spicy foods. I don't now, but still, we had to take drastic measures they weren't too spicy. Of course, they were extremely spicy. They weren't even that good tasting. Sorry duff's, but even Pizza Hut has better tasting wings than you do, and there's are frozen. I will continue to keep my wing business elsewhere.
Having lived in Buffalo for going on 5 years now, I've been here plenty of times and the end result would be that Duff's is strictly "good". For Buffalo wings, they're good. They're not jaw dropping, but  they're good. For traditional Buffalo style wings, Duff's is a good option. I've only eaten at the Anchor Bar once, ever other time has been Duff's (simply due to proximity), and I would say that the one time I ate at Anchor Bar, I did prefer them to Duff's. In terms of the heat levels, the menus are a bit misleading, which tends to happen if you're someone who eat's Buffalo style wings often. The "medium is hot" is obviously geared towards people who have never had "real" Buffalo wings before. In the end, Duff's makes for a good place to go out with friends for simple, good food.
I grew up in Buffalo.  People try to make Buffalo wings all over the country and fail. Baked? Breaded? Whaaat??? Duff's does it the right way.  I used to like the Anchor Bar when it was still a dive bar, but now it's all tacky and commercial. I've brought/directed lots of non-Buffalonians to both, and EVERYONE agrees that Duff's rules.   I order the medium hot because their sauce is pretty hot after you've had a few. You don't have to order them crispy because they're perfect.  You don't have to order them swimming because they don't skimp on sauce.   This place falls into the dive category but in the no-frills-old-school-cool sort of way. It's always clean and the service is always great.  Yes, it smells like wings...because they make wings there people..... I dream of Duff's wings and a pitcher of Labatt's...need to go to Buffalo soon!
I lived the first 25 years of my life in Buffalo and moved away.  I never once went to Anchor bar or Duffs.  Only as a tourist coming back have I gone back and to be honest I felt I missed out on Duffs.  I can't believe I shunned this place.  Really cannot.  They have the best wings hands down.  I've eaten at hundreds of wing places and they are the best.  Kudos to you Duffs.
Stopped by on our way to Niagara Falls and was really excited to try the famous Duffs. Unfortunately I was quickly let down. The wings were mediocre at best and the burger was so disgusting I had to send it back. Their shirts are misleading, medium is definitely mild. I will second some of the other posters' opinions who said buffalo wild wings is better.
Don't. Get. Mild. If you don't like any spice then go for BBQ. I went to Duffs after a Bills game with my family. Since my sister and mother and law don't like spicy sauce, they went for mild sauce for their wings and chicken fingers. Since it is Buffalo style, each sauce is butter with varying degrees of hot sauce. This makes the mild a thin, flavourless, greasy sauce. Don't be afraid of the warnings on the hotter wing sauces either. Medium is just a normal medium sauce and not as hot as they claim. If you get the right sauce, Duffs wings are very good. They are big, cheap and the blue cheese sauce is great. Don't bother with the chicken fingers, pizza rolls or lame shoestring fries. The jalapeño poppers are good though. Having been to the more polished Toronto locations, the original was pretty surprising - wood paneling, weird stucco arches, and cramped seating. All of the door handles are sticky, which may be because they don't give you wet naps with your wings. The servers are young teenagers and provide the kind of service you would expect from young teenagers. If you want an authentic Buffalo wing experience, I would definitely suggest Duffs. I'm sure if you drink enough beer everything about this place would be great!!
I don't know what the fuss is about. Based on raves from a fellow coworker who grew up in Buffalo and regularly visits, this is the place for wings. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but my experience on a late Saturday afternoon at ~3pm included a 25 min wait time for a 2-top, overly dry, crispy, and undersauced wings. Granted, the lunch special was a damn good deal and will definitely fill you up, but if you are like me and enjoy tender, juicy buffalo wings, perhaps this isn't the best place to find them.
Duff's teeshirts say something like regular is hot, regular plus is super hot and hot is wicked hot.  I may be a chile head but none of the above is true.  In fact, the opposite may have more truth- hot is regular.  The wings were crispy and the heat builds and the blue cheese helps.  There were photos of President Obama.  This is the place everyone told me to go, established 1969.  Next time I'm going to go atomic.
I think Duffs is the best chicken wing place in B-town.  Anchor bag has small crispy wings, and is always over crowded. Duffs are BIG, great tasting, and cooked just right.  The 20 wings, large french fry, and large pitcher of soda combo (20$) is hard to beat.
The wings are wonderful but that's really all they have to offer and seating is cramped and limited. If you just want wings then this location is great, but I would go with takeout during busy hours.
Best wings. Hands down. If you haven't been here, you should reconsider your life :) If you feel like taking the risk: try the death sauce. It was pretty spicy for a brown man like myself. My asian friend was practically crying. Good times!
Best wings in the world.  The mecca for wings.  I am not from Buffalo/Amherst, but I make the trip there once a year and go here b/c they are the best I have ever had.  This place is the real deal, Anchor Bar and La Nova suck.  Great burgers too.
My first trip to buffalo and I guess I should have gone to the anchor bar instead.  Personally I found the wings oversauced and way too much acid on the sauce and doesn't feel refined.  I also tried the BBQ wings as well and again the amount of sauce on them was overwhelming.  Fries were great, onion rings good and great service.  We ordered a cheeseburger for my friends kid and it had a very nice backyard BBQ taste and feeling.  I need to try more buffalo wings in buffalo but my first impression is that you don't need to come here for the wings.  They are the same here than in other bars all over the us.  People were great though.
I visited Buffalo for a football game and was compelled to try buffalo wings at its birthplace. I visited Anchor bar, Gabriel's, and Duff bar on my long weekend. Duff's wings were very good and spicier than most.  They even have signage warning you that their medium wings are pretty hot.  I like spicier foods so I enjoyed the extra kick in the wing sauce. I'd say you have to try Anchor just due to principle.  But make sure to stop in at Duff's for a meatier perhaps better chicken wing.
I've never been to Anchor Bar, but I've been to Duff's and I loved every minute of it. Inside, it smells like piss, but when you get your order of wings, the smell of your food will overpower the stench. It's not as gross as it's sounds. You'll have to wait for a bit, but they cooks make up for that. Almost as soon as you order, your food is on your table piping hot. Only order the wings though. Duff's shouldn't be allowed to make anything else since they do such a bad job at it. Don't be a tough guy. By that I mean don't go for the suicidal/death wings. They actually are really really hot and after one wing you're going to regret it. Even with all the bleu cheese in the world, your mouth will feel like it has a fireball inside. As much as I like Duff's though, I feel as if there are mom and pop places that serve better wings out there. I just have to discover one.
I was in Buffalo for the weekend and obviously couldn't leave without trying the famous Buffalo wings. Was it everything I expected and more? No. Was I slightly nauseous at the end of my meal? Absolutely. But would I recommend it to anyone who is visiting a student at UB? Of course. Just lower your expectations and expand your wait time for a table and you will not be disappointed.
I don't care what people say I love the wings and the service. Could use more room, but other than that I would recommend this place.
Tried the hot wings, which were hot and very tangy. Also had the small fries, which were not that great - a little soggy, not crispy, little flavor. The chili was Ok but the Duff's beer was good. I would recommend staying with the wings and the beer here - you can't go wrong with that combo.
In town on business, figure I have to try the "best" wings, expecting them to blow away my favorite wings back home (Whistler Pub, Cinnaminson, NJ).  Here's what I found... Location I went to the Williamsville location, as it's right down the street from where I was staying.  The building looks like a dump.  The door is so non-nondescript that it looks like the back door to the place (right down to having a "protected by X alarm company" sign).  You walk in, seat yourself, the place inside looks like a dump as well.  That's fine, though, as long as it's clean, that's all I need.  I could have done without the fairly strong breeze from the fans overhead, blowing the fumes from the wings into my eyes until I figured what angle to sit at so it blows away from me. Service Friendly people, you seat yourself, there's menus on the tables already, and someone came over quickly to take my order. Selection Pretty basic menu, a bunch of types of wings and things you'd expect around them.  Bonus points for not doing the crap thing where a place charges extra for carrots and celery and for actually having real blue cheese.  I mostly put this section in to give them a thumbs up for serving Yeungling.  Seriously, most of the country doesn't get the awesomeness of how great that cheap beer is.  Somehow, it made it to Buffalo and for that, I'm happy. Food I got medium wings.  They were good.  Properly crispy, the right amount of heat for me, they gave a little bucket to throw bones in (I'd rather have that than a graveyard on my plate after I'm done) and a napkin dispenser on the table (again, it works much better than having to flag down a waitress with sauce running down my arm).  The thing is, though, it didn't really blow me away.  They were good.  But the meat was a tad overdone and the sauce was just kinda there.  Tasted like a really basic hot sauce (I'm leaning towards Texas Pete or something like that) and no real other flavor added anywhere, in the sauce or the meat.  The carrots tasted like they had been cleaned with....I dunno, chlorine or something like that.  There was a chemical taste to them.  The blue cheese had a very good amount of actual blue cheese. Conclusion Expectations vs Results is the story there.  If I had no expectations, I'd be perfectly happy with what I got.  It was a completely decent plate of wings.  The problem is, this is supposed to be "the best" and there is absolutely NOTHING about this place that is the best of anything.  It's all just....there.
Duff's wings are easily the best wings in Buffalo, NY. Personally, I love saucy and crispy wings and they manage to do both. Especially at this location. Classic great Buffalo wings. It's not just heat, it's flavorful too.
Bar none, best wings anywhere! Bold statement, no doubt. However, Duffs Amherst practically invented Buffalo Wings and has no doubt perfected them. Wings are among the most deceptively simple foods. In theory it is fried chicken + hot sauce + butter. Yet, there are countless bad wing joints. The basic problem is making them more complex than the need to be. Duffs keeps it simple, consistent and delicious. Anchor Bar may have been the originator, but it's turned corporate and lost it's Mojo. BW3's might as well be McDonalds. When in Buffalo, Duffs is the place to go.
Food other than wings is mediocre. Generally the wings are ok but if you're in a group with people who need more than wings I recommend another place
For all the haters....Duffs is IT!! We always order #4, medium, extra crispy with a pitcher of Blue light. Now, I'm not saying there aren't good wings at other places in Buffalo. I've never waited more than 20 minutes, and I went with a party of 15 before and I think it only took 30-35 minutes to seat us on a busy Saturday night. You can go to pretty much any dive bar in the area and get an order of good wings. But Duffs has everyone beat, it's just sooo good, trust me. I've had Anchor Bar, and they are decent, but Duffs has them by a long shot. When I move from Buffalo, it's gonna be a sad day without Duffs (and Wegmans) but you can call ahead and get them frozen to travel with you!
When it comes to wing's in Buffalo you can't go wrong with Duff's.  Some argue that it's the best wing joint in town, other's may say the second best, but either way it's definitely worth a visit.  With 7 different levels of spice you should be able to find something that fits your taste well. It can get very crowded for dinner, and there will often be long waits to be seated, even on weekdays.  The best time to go is for lunch though.  For 8 dollars you can get a lunch special with 10 wings and a choice of 2 of 4 sides.  They also have some nice sandwiches and some other food if you go with someone who happens to hate wings.   Duff's also has their own microbrew, which is worth a try.  The atmosphere is nothing great, it's a wing joint.  The service is prompt and friendly, and everything you could want in a wing joint.
The lunch special (10 wings and two sides for $10) was pointed out by the waitress even though there were only about two minutes left before the deal ended. That was awfully nice of her and much appreciated. The "Medium" wings had just the right amount of heat for me, and you get a surprising amount of of good food for $10.00.
Admittedly I'm not a fan of wings, however my boyfriend loves them. He doesn't eat them often but really enjoys them every now and again. He moved up to Buffalo a little over four years ago and I figured that this would be a good place to take him for some wings. Although I'm a Buffalo native, this was also my first time at Duffs. We arrived at about 6:40 on a Friday. It was a bit of a wait. We gave our name and waited by the door, we were seated by 7:00. Our waitress took maybe 10 or so minutes to arrive, by that time we placed our drink and food orders. I ordered the chicken finger sandwich, my boyfriend ordered 10 wings, hot. We both split a small fry, which was surprisingly large for a small. I asked if mayo came with the chicken finger sandwich, as the menu didn't specify. The waitress told me it does, but on the side. The waitress brought our food in a timely manner. The mayo came in a small packet, like that of a ketchup packet at any fast food joint. I was a bit disappointed, because it wasn't really enough. However, the next time we saw our waitress was when she delivered our check. Luckily is wasn't a big deal and she was indeed busy hustling around her other tables. As previous reviews have stated, my boyfriend was a little disappointed in how mild the hot wings were. On the menus and the waitresses' T-shirts and even on the wing bucket it warns you - "Medium is HOT, Medium Hot is VERY HOT & Hot is VERY VERY VERY HOT". Well, my boyfriend enjoys his spicy food, but he thought this was a huge exaggeration. He said next time he would order the suicidal wings. He also noted his mouth wasn't even burning, and he never felt the need to drink his water to cool off. When we got our check we didn't know if we should pay at the bar or leave it on the table? Our waitress dropped it off and acted as if she wouldn't be back. It was just a receipt and no tray or anything. My boyfriend suggested we go to the bar and pay there. When we approached the bar, I asked a waitress if this is where we pay and she said "uhmm you can pay down there" and pointed to the end of the bar. So we went to the end of the bar where it was quite empty now. The bartender asked what we needed and then hurriedly took our check and swiped my card. I was left unsure if this was the correct place to pay. My boyfriend had about 4 wings left over which didn't make it through the rest of the evening. He REALLY enjoyed them and I do believe we'll be back, however I think we'll do take out from now on.
By far the best chicken wing restaurant in town!! Soon as you walk into the restaurant you'll be greeted with tangy goodness of hot sauce aroma! and make sure you try their home brewed Amber Ale!
I grew up near here, and went to the University of Buffalo right down the road.    I had WAY too many wings during my college days, and suffered off and on from a phenomenon we called "winged out". I no longer live in Buffalo, but visit often from Rochester.   Rochester suffers from having very few good places to get wings, and no places even close to Duff's. The wings are consistently good, are presented with lots of sauce which I really like as almost all other places serve "dry" wings. Duff's is one of the few places that brings more blue cheese than you could possibly need, and I've made the mistake a few times over the years forgetting this and ordering extra blue cheese which I couldn't possibly use. They overstate the hotness level, as none of the wings here are what I would call hot, but I'm sure others would.    I always get xhot, but it's just cayenne which is fairly mild as far as hot peppers go.    But the cayenne is what makes the Buffalo wing a Buffalo wing.   Other places do make hotter wings, but the flavor is always off. I never order anything else here, so I can't make a comment on other food.   But who comes here and orders anything other than wings?    Except my kids of course, who probably order a grilled cheese or something lame. Oh how I miss Duffs, especially after having wings at Anchor Bar in Rochester last night.
Awesome wings!!!
So to be honest, the place is an absolute sh** hole and with how big their reputation is, you'd think they'd renovate or move to a classier location. I didn't like the atmosphere, but oh my god, the wings were incredible and the price was even better! They had a fair beer selection as well. I will be a return customer despite the sketchy atmosphere.
I grew up in Buffalo.  People try to make Buffalo wings all over the country and fail. Baked? Breaded? Whaaat??? Duff's does it the right way.  I used to like the Anchor Bar when it was still a dive bar, but now it's all tacky and commercial. I've brought/directed lots of non-Buffalonians to both, and EVERYONE agrees that Duff's rules.   I order the medium hot because their sauce is pretty hot after you've had a few. You don't have to order them crispy because they're perfect.  You don't have to order them swimming because they don't skimp on sauce.   This place falls into the dive category but in the no-frills-old-school-cool sort of way. It's always clean and the service is always great.  Yes, it smells like wings...because they make wings there people..... I dream of Duff's wings and a pitcher of Labatt's...need to go to Buffalo soon!
Duff's never fails me on my yearly business trip to Buffalo.  Great service, refreshing, dive atmosphere and good service.   Get the wings, a side of fries and a pitcher or two of beer - you won't regret it.  And as a kicker they are super generous with the sides of bleu cheese!
Even though we all know their wings rock, their cheeseburgers are actually outstanding!  Their fries and onion rings are also very good.
I love the wings at Duff's by far the best I've had in Buffalo. Of course I also always get the fried bologna with cheese, peppers and onions. Worth the stop for sure. It's a little loud if you eat in bit it has always been a lot of fun. Wait staff is good and prompt with just the right amount of sass.
I finally went to eat here after having had lived in Buffalo for 4 years.  Trying to decide between Duff's and Anchor Bar, the two most infamous restaurants for their genuine Buffalo wings, my friend and I decided to go to Duff's because it was closer to our UB campus. Let's just say we both left very disappointed and wondering what kinda food Buffalonians have been eating for all their lives.  Maybe it's because I'm from NYC where the standards for food are way higher, but the wings definitely did not please my taste buds to the least.  The wings were cooked pretty well in terms of crispiness and texture, but the sauce... let's just say that the wild wings sauce definitely outdoes Duff's.  Was not a huge fan and have never gone back since. Besides the food, the atmosphere was too bad.  It did feel a bit grungy, but the waitress wasn't so bad (although not extremely friendly or anything).  Usually when I've tried to go twice before, I ended up leaving because there were just way too many people waiting to get a table, but this time only half the tables were filled.  ...Maybe that's why the food didn't taste go great?  Usually food tastes best during "rush hour" for some reason. Maybe I just happened to be there at the "wrong time"..  Hope the Buffalonians don't come attacking me too soon.
Without a doubt, best wings on the planet. Mixed with the fries and beer it can't be beat.
really big bowl of fries, great bbq wings, suicidal sauce too hot for my taste but overall love it here
Best wings on the Niagara Frontier...fast service, lots of napkins.  Never an off batch, flats and drums balanced.  Last time we went to a famous competitor, I received 9 flats, one drum, all hard as a rock.  Time before, half done.  Duff's is reliable, consistent, and has made life a symphony of Buffalonian pride.  This is where to take the out of town folks.
Best wings. Hands down. If you haven't been here, you should reconsider your life :) If you feel like taking the risk: try the death sauce. It was pretty spicy for a brown man like myself. My asian friend was practically crying. Good times!
They're better than their rivals(Anchor Bar). Love how they drench their wings very generously in sauce. Sauce has more garlic and vinegar flavor. Solid wings in a minimalistic setting. Good, casual, fun
One of the best places to get your wings!
They set the standard as far as wings go in the Buffalo/Amherst area. Crispy outside, flaky hot and tender meat, coated in an above-average hot sauce.  They go great with a basket of shoestring fries and a pitcher of beer. The ambiance is divey and small, and it's absolutely perfect. Expect to wait for a table, although they turn quick.  Take out may be a good option if you're going local, but the best experience is dining-in. Stop reading reviews and just go!  Every day i'm without duffs wings i die a little on the inside.
Hands down THE BEST wings in this area. The wings served here are hot, meaty beyond belief, and the sauce is a whole other thing. The wings come in a serving bowl, dripping with sauce. As you eat your way through if you want more sauce all you have to do is reach the bottom where there's always a few wings hidden under the pool of sauce that has collected. Dip them in bleu cheese and you have a match made in heaven. People will refer you to the Anchor Bar but skip that opinion and stop in here. The sauce, the amount of sauce you get, and overall wing is just so much better quality at Duff's. Sometimes I pair them with the cheeseburger and pig out; the only regret you'll have is the full feeling that doesn't wear off for hours after you've left. It also helps to have a nice cold glass of Yuengling to wash these down. Watch because this is located close to University of Buffalo and also collects a lot of customers from the surrounding area. At lunch, they're pretty packed and the restaurant is quite small, but at dinner time that place is guaranteed to have a long waiting list so get there early!
The wings are really great and there are a bunch of choices to pick from. I say the specials are a really good deal and can feed a whole family. Also the medium light wings were spicy, so I can only imagine how the other ones are. Great customer service too :)!
On a trip to Saint Louis we went out of our way to go here because we heard mythical things. They were so true. I love buffalo wings and this is the mecca of great wings. If your anywhere near here and love wings please do yourself a huge favor and take the time to go! We took home 60 wings cause we knew we would want them later as the cravings snuck up on us. Go spicy!
I have always been a fan of the Anchor Bar. I still am. However, after visiting Duff's I concede that their wings edge out the Anchor Bar's wings. We let the waitress talk us down to Medium-Hot sauce, but should have gone with Hot. Great flavor regardless. Just for kicks we got a side of the "Death Sauce" and tried it on a couple wings. It took 10 minutes for my brother's face to stop sweating. Definitely the hottest sauce I've ever had. And certainly hotter than the Anchor Bar's "Suicide Sauce" (which is actually edible and not as hot as the hype).
In town on business, figure I have to try the "best" wings, expecting them to blow away my favorite wings back home (Whistler Pub, Cinnaminson, NJ).  Here's what I found... Location I went to the Williamsville location, as it's right down the street from where I was staying.  The building looks like a dump.  The door is so non-nondescript that it looks like the back door to the place (right down to having a "protected by X alarm company" sign).  You walk in, seat yourself, the place inside looks like a dump as well.  That's fine, though, as long as it's clean, that's all I need.  I could have done without the fairly strong breeze from the fans overhead, blowing the fumes from the wings into my eyes until I figured what angle to sit at so it blows away from me. Service Friendly people, you seat yourself, there's menus on the tables already, and someone came over quickly to take my order. Selection Pretty basic menu, a bunch of types of wings and things you'd expect around them.  Bonus points for not doing the crap thing where a place charges extra for carrots and celery and for actually having real blue cheese.  I mostly put this section in to give them a thumbs up for serving Yeungling.  Seriously, most of the country doesn't get the awesomeness of how great that cheap beer is.  Somehow, it made it to Buffalo and for that, I'm happy. Food I got medium wings.  They were good.  Properly crispy, the right amount of heat for me, they gave a little bucket to throw bones in (I'd rather have that than a graveyard on my plate after I'm done) and a napkin dispenser on the table (again, it works much better than having to flag down a waitress with sauce running down my arm).  The thing is, though, it didn't really blow me away.  They were good.  But the meat was a tad overdone and the sauce was just kinda there.  Tasted like a really basic hot sauce (I'm leaning towards Texas Pete or something like that) and no real other flavor added anywhere, in the sauce or the meat.  The carrots tasted like they had been cleaned with....I dunno, chlorine or something like that.  There was a chemical taste to them.  The blue cheese had a very good amount of actual blue cheese. Conclusion Expectations vs Results is the story there.  If I had no expectations, I'd be perfectly happy with what I got.  It was a completely decent plate of wings.  The problem is, this is supposed to be "the best" and there is absolutely NOTHING about this place that is the best of anything.  It's all just....there.
Noted by many of my compatriots to be the place for "wings that are 10 times better than Anchor Bar", Duff's was frequented on numerous occasions. The atmosphere of the establishment is old, crowded, and loud!  The layout of the restaurant has a mild feeling of claustrophobia (based on the individual compartments on the side of the establishment).  The furniture is rocky, old, and dirty.  But then again...  Who cares?  We're here for the wings! 10 Buffalo Wings, Medium:  Similar to Anchor Bar, the tantalizing flavors derived from the sauce had a profound hint of Spiciness and Vinegar in the aromatics generated.  The sauce itself was luscious, thick, and buttery with a coating property that was similar to that of the blue cheese side that came with the wings.  The size of the wings was enormous, thus helping with the ease of handling during the consumption process.  At first bite, patrons will find that although the wings are slightly charred, the well balanced crispy outer exterior provides a welcoming introduction to the juiciness of the meaty interior.  Further consumption of the wings will reveal that the medium spiciness of the sauce works well to combine the charred exterior of the chicken with that of the tender interior.  What's more impressive is the well balanced spiciness of the medium sauce.  The sauce itself did not overpower any property of the chicken, rather allowed for the each individual composition of the chicken wing (both crispy and juicy) to work in conjunction. 10 Buffalo Wings, BBQ Sauce:  Similar in both cooking temperature and texture, the BBQ sauce in this rendition lacked the bold and brash aromatics of the Medium Spicy Sauce but rather, produced a profoundly harmonious sweet and velvetty flavor.  The BBQ sauce contained a mild acidity, which helped with the release of the sweetness of the sauce.  The chicken worked in conjunction with the sauce, thus allowing for the juiciness of the chicken to absorb the sweet richness of the base. Ultimately, a good version of a Buffalo staple!  Although the wing textures were inconsistent (as some were burn beyond edible quality), the flavors derived from both the Medium and BBQ sauce were remarkably welcoming!
Good hot wings, i like Anchor Bar better, but this place has some good spice!!!
Excellent wings and service.
It was OK.  We stopped here on our way home from Niagara Falls (Canada).  Having stopped at Anchor Bar on our way to Niagara, I must say that Anchor Bar's wings were just SO much tasty and meaty.  The atmosphere at Duffs just felt a little run down too.
While living in California for the past four years, the two food items that torment me the most are pizza from NYC (I grew up there) and wings from Buffalo (went to college there).  I spent five years living in Buffalo and one of my favorite things to do was go out to eat and find what Buffalo and the surrounding suburbs have to offer.  Before I lived in Buffalo, I was not that big of a fan of wings or bleu cheese.  Now, I absolutely love both items.  Buffalo, and specifically Duffs, just does it right! Now let's focus more on Duffs.  When it comes to wings, Duffs is definitely number 1!  I've had wings everywhere and nothing compares to these wings!  If you're sensitive to spice, be cautious when you order because the sauce is hotter than most places.  When I order my wings, I generally either get medium or medium hot.  Both are significantly spicy, but do not mask the flavor with too much spice. I'm sure a lot of people are asking, "what can honestly be so special about a buffalo wing?".  The main difference between Buffalo establishments like Duffs and restaurants in other areas of the country is how the wings are actually cooked.  Outside of Buffalo, restaurants treat wings mainly as appetizers.  Because they are appetizers, these establishments always want the food to come out quickly.  This will lead a lot of restaurants to actually precook wings, normally by baking them (ugh, I shuttered a bit after typing that).  Then, when they're ordered, they'll throw these precooked wings into the fryer for about 3-4 minutes.  How do I know this?  I've worked in many restaurants around the country.  What's so bad about this, you might ask?  This method affects both the flavor and texture of the wing.  A lot of wings will then be too soft and mushy (Gross!).  However, the best way to cook wings is to actually deep fry them from raw, usually around the 10 - 13 minute range, depending on the temperature of the deep fryer.  This provides the perfect taste and texture of a wing and also keeps a lot of moisture within the wing.  The negative to this is that people in areas like Southern California may be too impatient to wait for a food item that they consider an appetizer.  However, if you treat wings as your meal, like at Duffs, then it's well worth the wait!  Along with this perfectly fried wing is their spicy, tangy, and strong vinegar-based sauce.  Vinegar is the key and perfect compliment to spicy pepper flavor (why do you think Franks Red Hot is so popular?). On top of this rave review, the price is right!  You cannot beat their lunch special!  You get wings and 2 sides for just $10!  Ridiculous!  If anyone were to give this place a bad review, it either means that they really do not know anything about Buffalo wings, or that the restaurant burned down during their visit.  I certainly hope the latter never happens for my sake...
By far the best Buffalo chicken wings of all time! Everytime I'm in town, I must eat here. The wings are so good, I freeze 6 dozen of them and take them home with me. Try putting wing sauce on your french fries.
Having lived in Buffalo for going on 5 years now, I've been here plenty of times and the end result would be that Duff's is strictly "good". For Buffalo wings, they're good. They're not jaw dropping, but  they're good. For traditional Buffalo style wings, Duff's is a good option. I've only eaten at the Anchor Bar once, ever other time has been Duff's (simply due to proximity), and I would say that the one time I ate at Anchor Bar, I did prefer them to Duff's. In terms of the heat levels, the menus are a bit misleading, which tends to happen if you're someone who eat's Buffalo style wings often. The "medium is hot" is obviously geared towards people who have never had "real" Buffalo wings before. In the end, Duff's makes for a good place to go out with friends for simple, good food.
By far the best chicken wing restaurant in town!! Soon as you walk into the restaurant you'll be greeted with tangy goodness of hot sauce aroma! and make sure you try their home brewed Amber Ale!
Best wings, and the fries are great too.  I've made more trips here than I can count, always left happy.
OK  so finally made to Buffalo and was told this was the place to go for wings.  Waited on a Friday afternoon for about 45 min, which to me is not such a bad thing.  ordered the medium and medium hot.  both tasted great.  I like hot food and eat it pretty often, medium was not hot enough but medium hot had an awesome flavor and had enough kick.  I got a side of suicide on side to try it and it was good (not happy that I had to pay for it)  Happy that I went and would go back.
In the birthplace of wings, Duff's is king.  The restaurant has not changed much in the 35 years I have been coming here, but you don't come here for ambience.  You come here for wings and you will be happy you did.  Best wings anywhere.  You won't find all the silly sauce options that others will offer.  At Duff's, it's Buffalo sauce and you decide the degree of heat.  Add a side order of tasty fries and that's all you need.  Having moved to Chicago a few years ago, whenever I return to Buffalo, Duff's is the first stop.
Perhaps I'm used to a different kind of flavor when it comes to chicken wings.. but as far as the traditional "Buffalo wings" go.. I suppose the stronger cayenne flavor that pretty much dominates the entire palette is how it's supposed to be. When the menu warns you that their spiciness levels are actually a step up ("Medium IS HOT", "Medium Hot IS VERY HOT".. etc) perhaps I'm just too used to spicy wings, because even the "Hot" (which they warn you is "VERY, VERY HOT") didn't seem to phase me much.. Indeed it was spicy, but perhaps I'll have to spend the extra money for the "Death" or "Armageddon" sauce to really satisfy my cravings for spiciness. The sauce was pretty much dominated and had the flavor of Frank's Red Hot sauce.. At which then... I don't see how difficult it would be to really just make chicken wings like these at home. Prices were good, service was great, and the food was delicious nonetheless.
If you are looking for truly good Buffalo Wings this is the place, wings don't get better then Duffs, believe me I have eaten way to may wings. The big debate in Buffalo is weather Duffs or Anchor Bar is better. Anchor Bar actually created the original Buffalo wing but it seems they haven't done as good of a job marketing themselves. So Duff's stepped up to the challenge, now many Buffalo people don't even know about Anchor Bar and Duff's is a household name. The wings at Duff's have more Buffalo sauce then your average wing which some love and some don't, personally I like wings either way. Anchor bar has bigger wings but unless you are close to Downtown Buffalo it isn't worth the drive. It seems like a new Duffs is popping up every month around Buffalo but this is the one to come to for the best Atmosphere and true Buffalo feel. The other Duff's pop up over night and feel like Burger Kings that serve great wings. If you are looking for a true Buffalo experience and truly great wings this is the place! This is one of the few places I take out of town visitors.
soooo good. loved these way more than anchor bar.
Don't. Get. Mild. If you don't like any spice then go for BBQ. I went to Duffs after a Bills game with my family. Since my sister and mother and law don't like spicy sauce, they went for mild sauce for their wings and chicken fingers. Since it is Buffalo style, each sauce is butter with varying degrees of hot sauce. This makes the mild a thin, flavourless, greasy sauce. Don't be afraid of the warnings on the hotter wing sauces either. Medium is just a normal medium sauce and not as hot as they claim. If you get the right sauce, Duffs wings are very good. They are big, cheap and the blue cheese sauce is great. Don't bother with the chicken fingers, pizza rolls or lame shoestring fries. The jalapeño poppers are good though. Having been to the more polished Toronto locations, the original was pretty surprising - wood paneling, weird stucco arches, and cramped seating. All of the door handles are sticky, which may be because they don't give you wet naps with your wings. The servers are young teenagers and provide the kind of service you would expect from young teenagers. If you want an authentic Buffalo wing experience, I would definitely suggest Duffs. I'm sure if you drink enough beer everything about this place would be great!!
I finally went to eat here after having had lived in Buffalo for 4 years.  Trying to decide between Duff's and Anchor Bar, the two most infamous restaurants for their genuine Buffalo wings, my friend and I decided to go to Duff's because it was closer to our UB campus. Let's just say we both left very disappointed and wondering what kinda food Buffalonians have been eating for all their lives.  Maybe it's because I'm from NYC where the standards for food are way higher, but the wings definitely did not please my taste buds to the least.  The wings were cooked pretty well in terms of crispiness and texture, but the sauce... let's just say that the wild wings sauce definitely outdoes Duff's.  Was not a huge fan and have never gone back since. Besides the food, the atmosphere was too bad.  It did feel a bit grungy, but the waitress wasn't so bad (although not extremely friendly or anything).  Usually when I've tried to go twice before, I ended up leaving because there were just way too many people waiting to get a table, but this time only half the tables were filled.  ...Maybe that's why the food didn't taste go great?  Usually food tastes best during "rush hour" for some reason. Maybe I just happened to be there at the "wrong time"..  Hope the Buffalonians don't come attacking me too soon.
Wings suck. Soggy. Sauces okay. Price high for spot. BL: go elsewhere. Gabriel gate?
My husband and I were visiting Niagra Falls and drove through Buffalo. We ate at Anchor Bar on the way in and Duff's on the way out. Anchor had juicy wings, but Duff's sauce was amazing and their wings were perfect. I would return to Duff's again and again. We had the medium sauce and it was perfect.
This is as good as it gets! I love Anchor Bar. Even though they aren't the first, they're still better than the original. My family gets the combos with wings, fries, and a pitcher of pop. It cramped but the small space is worth it. As a proud Buffalonian I frequent the Anchor Bar and anyone who says these wings aren't special wouldn't know a good wing if they were slapped in the face with one. The burgers are also good but we normally just make a meal of the wings and fries.
Duff's gets my vote for best wings in WNY! Word to the wise: Medium is hot, mild is mild, mild medium is where it's at. I would rate mild medium as being on par with the medium spice level you'll find on most Buffalo Wings. I love the meaty wings with crispy delicious skin. The golden crispy fries- dip 'em in the blue cheese, it'll make 'em even tastier! The blue cheese in and of itself is one of the best EVER! The Loganberry on tap (hehe) is delish too. The little garbage buckets they provide each table with are so convenient. And there are napkin dispensers on each table as well. I always get wings and fries here, but I've tasted the fingers before and they're good. Meaty, flavorful, good quality. When I come here with a group, we usually plan on about 10 wings per person and most of us leave with leftovers. Can't wait for the Eastern Hills location to open!
They advertised that their medium wings are hot, so I assumed mild would be medium...not so.  Needed more sauce.  I was a little disappointed as maybe my expectations were built up too much...we are just talking wings.  The prices were horrible.  10 wings for $11.00?  The service was good.
Skip the tourists and long lines at Anchor Bar and go where the locals go. Great wings, cold beer...what else are you looking for ?!!!!
The wings are wonderful but that's really all they have to offer and seating is cramped and limited. If you just want wings then this location is great, but I would go with takeout during busy hours.
Hands down THE BEST wings in this area. The wings served here are hot, meaty beyond belief, and the sauce is a whole other thing. The wings come in a serving bowl, dripping with sauce. As you eat your way through if you want more sauce all you have to do is reach the bottom where there's always a few wings hidden under the pool of sauce that has collected. Dip them in bleu cheese and you have a match made in heaven. People will refer you to the Anchor Bar but skip that opinion and stop in here. The sauce, the amount of sauce you get, and overall wing is just so much better quality at Duff's. Sometimes I pair them with the cheeseburger and pig out; the only regret you'll have is the full feeling that doesn't wear off for hours after you've left. It also helps to have a nice cold glass of Yuengling to wash these down. Watch because this is located close to University of Buffalo and also collects a lot of customers from the surrounding area. At lunch, they're pretty packed and the restaurant is quite small, but at dinner time that place is guaranteed to have a long waiting list so get there early!
The descriptive caption that appears when you click 5 stars on Yelp is "Woohoo As good as it gets!" I could just stop there... I'm not going to go into too much depth here because I don't have time in my schedule for a 14 hour pilgrimage which could literally happen if I think about Duff's delicious wings for too long. Duff's is the THE perfect wing joint IN THE WORLD!! They should really be in the running for a Michelin star (or two) as the wings are always well cooked, always covered in extra sauce. Their Blue Cheese is even selected specifically for their wings. On top of that they have their own beer, a solid Pale Ale that can stand up to the heat without overwhelming the flavor of their wings. Finally they serve some great thin cut French fries that go really well with the whole experience. I usually get the "Hot" wings they are, as the menu clearly explains, much hotter than a usual Hot wing but still have great flavor. Their BBQ sauces are also excellent. This location is also on the way to/from Niagara Falls so if you're doing the tourist trip you have no excuse for making a stop. (A friend of mine visited from Japan and we spent ~15 minutes at the falls and about 2 hours here.)
The wings are amazing and delicious.... A little too salty though but overall very good
Okay, I'm a vegetarian reviewing Duff's Famous Wings.  What's up with that? Don't get me wrong, I've never had the wings.  So, don't listen to me for that. But Duff's has a fine grilled cheese sandwich and veggie burger.  Greasy and sloppy as the day is long, if you are with your meat-eating friends, you can also clog your arteries the fast way with some grilled cheese action.   And, my preference is to get some Death sauce and dip both my fries and grilled cheese into it.  You get the same sinus drippage as your friends and it's also not half bad. An odd statement, if you are a vegetarian stuck going to Duff's, you're in a better boat than some other places in Buffalo.  Two options, both pretty good, and french fries.  So, yeah, that's a welcome surprise. Oh, and beer.  Gotta tame the death sauce somehow.
Don't play, Duffs are the BEST wings in America. Yep, I said America, as in the entire United States, and I know this because I've tried wings everwhere. Duffs is the hands down winner, so stop even trying to compare. If you are a true wing connaisseur you know wings come in one real flavor and that is Buffalo Hot. None of this mild shit, or honey mustard. Those aren't wings, those are chicken that's been flavored. A true wing is hot and spicy, and covered in orange sauce. If you inhale quickly, you can feel the vinegar enter your lungs. A true wing leaves a stain on your fingers that will take a few showers to remove. A real damn buffalo wing brings tears to your eyes, because it's so spicy and so authentic. A true Buffalo wing is made in Buffalo and it's made at Duffs!
well its no anchor bar, but it is good. whenever i eat chicken wings (for those who live in buffalo call them chicken wings, but all others call them buffalo wings) I have to prepare all day for it, that means no eating all day until the main event! It becomes a competition when we go into this place lactaid and tums in hand, and an empty stomach ready to eat as many wings as possible. the place is a little small... but its always packed, so you know its a hoppin place. like i said its no anchor bar but duffs is closer and its a close second place. :)
I went to Buffalo for a college football game this weekend.  While in Buffalo the home of the original chicken wings.  Looking for some great wings.  Well bad news for Duff's.  My wife, son and I visited there and found the worst experience with chicken wings ever.  They were way over cooked and burnt.  After sending that batch back they sent some news out and they were just as bad.  I have had better tasting leather than the wings we were served.  For my money and the best chicken wings in the USA  is Lucky's Grille in Hilliard, Oh.  None better.  Not going back to Buffalo anytime soon so don't have to worry about making that mistake again.  Jeff S.
Tried the hot wings, which were hot and very tangy. Also had the small fries, which were not that great - a little soggy, not crispy, little flavor. The chili was Ok but the Duff's beer was good. I would recommend staying with the wings and the beer here - you can't go wrong with that combo.
It was OK.  We stopped here on our way home from Niagara Falls (Canada).  Having stopped at Anchor Bar on our way to Niagara, I must say that Anchor Bar's wings were just SO much tasty and meaty.  The atmosphere at Duffs just felt a little run down too.
well after so many reviews I can't really add anything except Pepsi: winning! If duff's is the first to do wings this way then everyone else who has good wings has copied correctly.  I can now consider myself a wing connessaur officially and all other wings will be measured against Duff's.  How does Duffs stack against the king of wings in Manassas?  They are right on par...only thing that makes Duff's better is that they have different heat levels and BBQ flavor but the mild medium are the same heat as the Manassas king and as such does not unseat City Grille unless it can be established that Duff's was first and that City Grille copied then City Grille would of course lose the crown.   If you want the heat level that is what I would call "the standard heat level" that would be the mild medium. Things that Duffs does right 1. Pepsi 2. Wings are crispy 3. Blue cheese dressing is really good quality 4. Heat levels are good I give them 5 stars because they really don't do anything wrong :) Also had a cheese burger and the roll that it comes on is THE RIGHT kind of roll I don't know what kind of bread it is, but if you make cheeseburgers at home that is the kind of bread/roll you want to use I guess you could say Duff's sets the standards so get to Buffalo NY and that way you'll be able to establish a bar against which you can judge other places
Best wings in Buffalo, tell them you want them hot and swimming...
Pardon me while I mop up all my drool off the floor. ...too far? Maybe lol... but seriously, no one, and I mean NO ONE does wings like Duff's!   After a long awaited visit (LA does not have wings like Buffalo, NY...*small sob*) my cousins and I made our way over to Duff's for a late lunch, as always the wings were perfectly crispy and flavored to order, the fries we're hot and fresh and the beers were ice cold! I'm already counting the minutes until I can return...hey Duff's you looking to open a franchise in LA?! Cause I am all for it!
Upon my return from this year's Warped Tour, I contemplated my annual quest, and ranked my favorite North American wing joints of the year. The wings at Duff's were probably the best, and hottest (and best) that I have ever eaten.  (And I've eaten many wings in many places around this continent.) If you find yourself in the area...  Eat At Duff's!!!
Passing through town, we decided to have our own taste test. My husband and I both liked Duff's wings better than Anchor bar's. The crisp of the chicken was better at Duff's as well as the sauce. We also enjoyed the blue cheese at Duff's as well. If we drive through again, I would definitely stop at Duff's for some good wings!
If you like "Wing Soup" Duff's is the place for you. Expect wings to be soaked in sauce (and not in a good way) and mushy french fries. Yuck! There are many, many better places for wings in Buffalo
Admittedly I'm not a fan of wings, however my boyfriend loves them. He doesn't eat them often but really enjoys them every now and again. He moved up to Buffalo a little over four years ago and I figured that this would be a good place to take him for some wings. Although I'm a Buffalo native, this was also my first time at Duffs. We arrived at about 6:40 on a Friday. It was a bit of a wait. We gave our name and waited by the door, we were seated by 7:00. Our waitress took maybe 10 or so minutes to arrive, by that time we placed our drink and food orders. I ordered the chicken finger sandwich, my boyfriend ordered 10 wings, hot. We both split a small fry, which was surprisingly large for a small. I asked if mayo came with the chicken finger sandwich, as the menu didn't specify. The waitress told me it does, but on the side. The waitress brought our food in a timely manner. The mayo came in a small packet, like that of a ketchup packet at any fast food joint. I was a bit disappointed, because it wasn't really enough. However, the next time we saw our waitress was when she delivered our check. Luckily is wasn't a big deal and she was indeed busy hustling around her other tables. As previous reviews have stated, my boyfriend was a little disappointed in how mild the hot wings were. On the menus and the waitresses' T-shirts and even on the wing bucket it warns you - "Medium is HOT, Medium Hot is VERY HOT & Hot is VERY VERY VERY HOT". Well, my boyfriend enjoys his spicy food, but he thought this was a huge exaggeration. He said next time he would order the suicidal wings. He also noted his mouth wasn't even burning, and he never felt the need to drink his water to cool off. When we got our check we didn't know if we should pay at the bar or leave it on the table? Our waitress dropped it off and acted as if she wouldn't be back. It was just a receipt and no tray or anything. My boyfriend suggested we go to the bar and pay there. When we approached the bar, I asked a waitress if this is where we pay and she said "uhmm you can pay down there" and pointed to the end of the bar. So we went to the end of the bar where it was quite empty now. The bartender asked what we needed and then hurriedly took our check and swiped my card. I was left unsure if this was the correct place to pay. My boyfriend had about 4 wings left over which didn't make it through the rest of the evening. He REALLY enjoyed them and I do believe we'll be back, however I think we'll do take out from now on.
Perhaps I'm used to a different kind of flavor when it comes to chicken wings.. but as far as the traditional "Buffalo wings" go.. I suppose the stronger cayenne flavor that pretty much dominates the entire palette is how it's supposed to be. When the menu warns you that their spiciness levels are actually a step up ("Medium IS HOT", "Medium Hot IS VERY HOT".. etc) perhaps I'm just too used to spicy wings, because even the "Hot" (which they warn you is "VERY, VERY HOT") didn't seem to phase me much.. Indeed it was spicy, but perhaps I'll have to spend the extra money for the "Death" or "Armageddon" sauce to really satisfy my cravings for spiciness. The sauce was pretty much dominated and had the flavor of Frank's Red Hot sauce.. At which then... I don't see how difficult it would be to really just make chicken wings like these at home. Prices were good, service was great, and the food was delicious nonetheless.
Recommended by my aunt, a local, we found the best wings period. Granted, these ate the first chicken wings we have had. And I can call them that when in buffalo. I agree this place may be the Mecca of wings. But until I crown them I will have to try the anchor.
For my recent visit to Buffalo I was told to completely bypass Anchor Bar and go straight to Duff's.  I love naked wings - completely loathe breaded wings.  Also, I usually have to order them extra crispy but that wasn't necessary at Duff's.  I am kind of a lightweight when it comes to heat so I stuck to mild and medium.  The flavor on the medium was great, especially when accompanied by their Bleu Cheese dressing.  I could have used a little bit more elbow room, but I was really happy with the wings I had at Duff's and would most certainly go back if I'm ever in the area again.
If you like your wings swimming in sauce, then this place is for you! All sauces are very tasty, and the wings are cooked to perfection.
The salad was not fresh and the tomato was rotten. The celery sticks that came with the wings were kinda bitter. The wings were okay. I like Buffalo Wild Wing better.
Friendly wait staff even though they were slammed when i was there.  In had the hot BBQ wings which is a really great sauce,  not too hot but it has a little pinch.  I've never had anything else on the menu, but, has anyone?  "Hey bro, lets go down to Duffs for their good old fashioned fried bologna sandwich" lol what?!
Great wings, average price. Very casual atmosphere. Would definitely go back. Check it out!
I love the wings at Duff's by far the best I've had in Buffalo. Of course I also always get the fried bologna with cheese, peppers and onions. Worth the stop for sure. It's a little loud if you eat in bit it has always been a lot of fun. Wait staff is good and prompt with just the right amount of sass.
Duff's gets my vote for best wings in WNY! Word to the wise: Medium is hot, mild is mild, mild medium is where it's at. I would rate mild medium as being on par with the medium spice level you'll find on most Buffalo Wings. I love the meaty wings with crispy delicious skin. The golden crispy fries- dip 'em in the blue cheese, it'll make 'em even tastier! The blue cheese in and of itself is one of the best EVER! The Loganberry on tap (hehe) is delish too. The little garbage buckets they provide each table with are so convenient. And there are napkin dispensers on each table as well. I always get wings and fries here, but I've tasted the fingers before and they're good. Meaty, flavorful, good quality. When I come here with a group, we usually plan on about 10 wings per person and most of us leave with leftovers. Can't wait for the Eastern Hills location to open!
If there is anything you don't want to do, don't order the sauce on the side. You will get stares. That aside, these are the best wings in Buffalo, hands down. I can't handle spice, but I let my tongue burn for the sensational sauce of Duff's. If you come to Duff's you come here for the hot wings. I tried the barbeque wings, but it's actually quite mediocre. Crispy wings tossed in delicious hot wings sauce, you can't go wrong with that. Be prepared to get really messy.
There is something special about their wings. Don't get the barbecue though. Way too much sauce.
Okay I am big fan of wings, and I have lived in Buffalo/WNY my entire life, so I know a thing or two about wings.  After being to Duff's numerous times, I really have to say that I do not like it at all.  The wings are crispy and cooked perfectly, but the sauce is so thick that it feels like they use mayonnaise as the base or something.  I know wings are supposed to be messy, but I have never had wings that were as messy as the ones at Duff's (and that's not really a good thing). It's basically the Amherst/UB trap.  There are much better wings at better local joints in the city  (Nine-Eleven Tavern in South Buffalo, Gabriel's Gate in Allentown, etc.)  It is overpriced, and takes way too long to get a table for wings that (I feel) are incredibly overrated.  Not to mention, the last time I went, both my boyfriend and I got sick.  Was it the wings? Who knows, but we both got sick as the same time, so it's definitely a possibility. If you are from out of town and want real wings without the tourist traps of Duff's and Anchor Bar, there are much better places to go.  But I guess my review doesn't really mean much to the thousands of college student and suburbanites who flock here in droves. Though in Duff's defense, calling it a dump isn't really an insult around here, because most of Buffalo's landmark restaurants are dumps and dives.  Floor is a little dirty? Get over it.
The infamous debate between Anchor Bar and Duff's. Chicken wings that have been deep fried then slathered with sauce is not my idea of great world famous chicken wings. The sauce was not bad, but altogether I wouldn't say this was great.
Everyone says if you go to Buffalo you need to get the wings at Duff's. Yeah, that was a good idea. The wings are meaty and fried just right, the meat was still juicy. The medium is not as hot as they make it sound, but if you aren't sure, go with medium.
I just moved to Buffalo from San Francisco and I have to say...best wings I've ever had. I grew up in California and really didn't enjoy buffalo wings. I found, after moving to the area, is that the wings were just shitty out there. I've had the best wings since I moved. And the best of the best are certainly at Duff's. I always seem to get there at just the right time that I don't have to wait. As we leave, there's always a HUGE crowd of people waiting to sit. I think they should expand to accomodate the number of people who descend upon the restaurant in the evening, but it's all part of the experience I suppose. I actually just reccommended it to a flight attendant on the way back from San Diego the other day. And remember...medium is HOT!!!!
They set the standard as far as wings go in the Buffalo/Amherst area. Crispy outside, flaky hot and tender meat, coated in an above-average hot sauce.  They go great with a basket of shoestring fries and a pitcher of beer. The ambiance is divey and small, and it's absolutely perfect. Expect to wait for a table, although they turn quick.  Take out may be a good option if you're going local, but the best experience is dining-in. Stop reading reviews and just go!  Every day i'm without duffs wings i die a little on the inside.
Don't play, Duffs are the BEST wings in America. Yep, I said America, as in the entire United States, and I know this because I've tried wings everwhere. Duffs is the hands down winner, so stop even trying to compare. If you are a true wing connaisseur you know wings come in one real flavor and that is Buffalo Hot. None of this mild shit, or honey mustard. Those aren't wings, those are chicken that's been flavored. A true wing is hot and spicy, and covered in orange sauce. If you inhale quickly, you can feel the vinegar enter your lungs. A true wing leaves a stain on your fingers that will take a few showers to remove. A real damn buffalo wing brings tears to your eyes, because it's so spicy and so authentic. A true Buffalo wing is made in Buffalo and it's made at Duffs!
Best wings I ever had!! I like spicy and listened to their motto and only ordered the medium and was satisfied with the kick.  Very reasonably priced and the service was great!  It's no wonder why they are famous and the most popular wing joint in the town famous for it's wings!!
Can it get any better than Duff's?  I don't think so!  I always say, Anchor bar created the wings, but Duff's...well Duff's perfected them.  This place as the perfect ratio of Crispiness to Sauciness.  They've perfected the Science of the Creation of Buffalo Wings!  My mouth is watering just thinking about them.  My last visit (and I visit them every time I'm in Buffalo) I picked up their T Shirt and wear it all around manhattan.  People just don't realize.  I think Anchor bar gets all the credit when it's duff's with the truly amazing wings.  The only downfall of this place (which it's def worth the wait) is the wait you usually have to get in.  Usually have about 30mins-1hour to get a table because its always packed.  Place is not very clean either, but the food is just to die for.  $20 buys you 20 wings, large pitcher of soda, and a huge bowl of fries.  Wish there were more locations, I don't understand why they don't expand into other areas, like Anchor Bar just opened a location in Rochester...  Duff's should open a restaurant in NYC!!!  They'd probably be the new happening cheap place!
Just went there last night after the reviews from yelp...was totally disappointed. Buffalo sauce was way overly sour... Wings were crispy to the point the meat was dry. I ordered their medium which was not even hot at all, it was worse than wimpy. Their hot wings was just the right spicy temperature but definitely not very, very hot. 3 stars goes to their own micro brew beer Would not go back to this location.
Hot wings are MUCH better than at Anchor Bar
The place needs a major makeover - cold and dank describes it best. You can get good wings at almost any bar in Buffalo - notice I said bar not restaurant. I guess people return there when they are back in town for the memories of good times, cause it ain't  for the "best wings". If you feel the need to go (like disneyland) - pop your head in the door, check out the dining (lol) area, and exit.
this place was highly reccomended as the best in buffalo for wings. i personally thought it was garbage.   my chicken wings were cooked in the frier too long and were hard.the beef on weck was whack. everything was way too salty.  the fries weren't even crispy.  my soda was  close to being flat. not impressed.
Excellent wings and service.
Upon my return from this year's Warped Tour, I contemplated my annual quest, and ranked my favorite North American wing joints of the year. The wings at Duff's were probably the best, and hottest (and best) that I have ever eaten.  (And I've eaten many wings in many places around this continent.) If you find yourself in the area...  Eat At Duff's!!!
We were in town for the Bills-Raiders football game and this was our first stop after leaving the airport.  We had wings at three different places during our stay in Buffalo, and this was our favorite. The customer service was outstanding, and the prices are fair. I was told the hot wings were extremely hot, and that the medium wings were hot.  Since this was our first time, we ordered medium and mild wings.  The medium wings weren't as hot as I expected, so given another chance, I would try the hot wings. We also ordered the beef on weck sandwich.  Great sandwich.  The beef was very tender.  I wasn't used to so much salt on top of the kimmelweck bun, so I removed about half the salt from the top of the bun, and t was perfect. We arrived for lunch just at 11:30 on a Saturday and were seated right away.  When we departed around 1pm, there were quite a few people waiting for a table.  The parking lot was half full when we arrived, but completely packed when we left.   There were people in cars waiting for other customers to leave.  Recommend getting there before noon for easier parking, and getting a table right away.
This place is much more of a hole-in-the-wall type place.  Was recently in Buffalo for 2 nights.  One night we had dinner at Anchor Bar and the other night was at Duff's.  Anchor Bar was definitely the better of the two.  The atmosphere, the beer, the wings, the fries, the clientele, just everything was slightly better at the Anchor Bar.  Duff's is just too much of a dive in comparison.
Made a stop here on east coast road trip before we headed up to Niagra Falls, CA. Living up to the hype.... These wings are some of the illest.  All we needed was an order Hot buffalo wings and couple of house brews (and water) and you are set.  I will have to say these wings are right on par with a joint in Evanston, IL called Buffalo Joe's that serves up some good wings... that is saying a lot IMO....  If in this area, must check it out.   The place gets super packed on weekends, but well worth the wait.
We waited about 20 mins for a table. House Beer was ok, very bitter and needed a bit more malt to balance it out. The onion rings were good but nothing special. Bleu Cheese dressing was pretty basic. The Wings...were phenomenal. My wife and I agreed that they were the best we've ever had. If you are a fan of wings you must try Duff's. Mild medium sauce was the perfect level of heat and the flavor was excellent. Wings were cooked perfectly. Crispy on the outside, moist of the inside. Simply amazing. I found  myself saying "Man, those were the best wings ever!" hours after we had finished our lunch at duffs.
Yum! It was my first time in Buffalo (and most likely the only time) so I had to have Buffalo wings! My brother and his friend said this is where we should go so we did. The wait wasn't too long but it was busy even for lunch. We had the spicy BBQ and medium hot wings and it was delicious. I'm not a huge wings person but these wings were good. I also enjoyed their microbrew a lot. If come back here if I ever did make it back to Buffalo.
I love their wings and their fries! i wasn't too into wings till I came here. I totally will come back again whenever i get the chance
In the birthplace of wings, Duff's is king.  The restaurant has not changed much in the 35 years I have been coming here, but you don't come here for ambience.  You come here for wings and you will be happy you did.  Best wings anywhere.  You won't find all the silly sauce options that others will offer.  At Duff's, it's Buffalo sauce and you decide the degree of heat.  Add a side order of tasty fries and that's all you need.  Having moved to Chicago a few years ago, whenever I return to Buffalo, Duff's is the first stop.
The salad was not fresh and the tomato was rotten. The celery sticks that came with the wings were kinda bitter. The wings were okay. I like Buffalo Wild Wing better.
I loved the dive-y atmosphere and the great deal for wings + fries + pitcher. Based on other Yelp reviews, I was expecting "crispy wings" under the sauce which didn't happen for us. Mainly I want to mention that despite the warnings on the staff t-shirts, posters, etc., we thought we'd be good to order medium (I actually thought the only three choices were medium, medium-hot & hot but I was incorrect, you can order plain, mild, mild-medium & more) - but as they tell you, medium = hot and even though I generally love spicy food, this felt more like a meal to survive rather than enjoy! However, we would try it again and maybe go for the mild sauce or try mild-medium on the side.
per yelp's suggestion, i skipped anchor bar and went to duff's and gabriel's gate. i ordered the hot, which they caution is "very very hot."  um, not so much.  they are a little spicy, but it wasn't like i was desperate for water while eating them.  they have an option to bump it up a few notches for a little cash, and i think i should have done that.  that said, i noticed most of the people around me ordered mild, and i am korean, so your mileage may vary. the wings are very big, tender, perfectly cooked, and for hot, came in bowl of sauce soup.  there was probably an inch of sauce left in the bowl when i finished the wings.  some may argue there's no such thing as too much sauce, but really, there was way too much sauce.  in part because of this, the wings were not very crispy, but that didn't bother me at all. duffs has a lunch special--10 wings, two sides, $8.95.  I got a big salad for my side, which was basically a head of romaine lettuce with some half hearted cucumber slices and cherry tomatoes.  expected since i'm here for the wings and not for my health. The space was hole-in-the wall; the place was very busy for a random, weekday at 2pm; and the servers were rude.  all in all, a good time.
Buffalo's best.   Ate at the Sheridan Drive location...45 minute wait and well worth it. Seven of us. We had wings, what else!   30 Medium, 30 Medium Mild.  Excellent.   Had some fries, lots of carrots and blue cheese and beverages.   Mom had a bowl of chili. Wings are meaty  and delicious.  Unlike anything at a Buffalo Wild Wings or other places.   When we come into Buffalo, one of the must stops. They are expanding into other locations.  Will have to try one of those.   But for us, this will always be the best place for wings.
Order the same thing every time.  My wife and I split 10 Mild-Medium wings and a Duff size fry.  Mild-Medium gets you all the flavor without the massive heat.  While I am a fan of spicy things, I am not a fan of "hot" things, and these are perfect.  I've never gotten a "mini" wing at duff's as I have at other restaurants.  While the Sheridan drive location is the original and closest to home, the location in Cheektowaga has better beer selection for evening dining.  This is where I bring out-of-towners to get real "chicken wings" as they have only been exposed to "buffalo wings."  I've had the wings at all of the other recommended wing places (Anchor Bar, Bar bill, Gabriel's Gate, La Nova, and Dwyer's) and will still come to Duff's whenever I have a wing craving.
So I was in Buffalo for a business trip and conducted my own mini wing taste test.  I tried Duff's first, at the recommendation of my coworker who grew up in the area.  The wings were really good - I got the medium and in addition to the signs everywhere that state that medium is hot I was informed by the server that medium is hot.  When the wings arrived, they were piping hot!(temperature hot)  I waited a little to dive in, but they smelled yummy.  Once they cooled down a little I was pleasantly surprised.  They were spicy, not too spicy but I love my spicy foods :-) Being a native Californian I had never heard of Loganberry and had to try it - all I can say is Yum!  It was kindof like a good fruit punch. Their wings are waaaayyyyy better than the Anchor Bar.  Hands down.  The place is a bit of a dive but that is fitting for a wing place.
execellent wings all the time.
This is as good as it gets! I love Anchor Bar. Even though they aren't the first, they're still better than the original. My family gets the combos with wings, fries, and a pitcher of pop. It cramped but the small space is worth it. As a proud Buffalonian I frequent the Anchor Bar and anyone who says these wings aren't special wouldn't know a good wing if they were slapped in the face with one. The burgers are also good but we normally just make a meal of the wings and fries.
The infamous debate between Anchor Bar and Duff's. Chicken wings that have been deep fried then slathered with sauce is not my idea of great world famous chicken wings. The sauce was not bad, but altogether I wouldn't say this was great.
So this is part 2 of my ultimate wing comparo - see my review on Anchor Bar.  We went here on our way back from an invigorating trip to Niagara falls culminating in a hiek around the Three Sisters island with a skittish sheltie-mix in 95 degree weather.  Needless to say, I was READY for beer and wings.  Luckily, Duff's specializes in both of those things - and lot's of it!  Unlike Anchor bar, this appears to be a place where "real-Buffalo-ans"  go to eat.  It's location should really indicate that alone.  It's adjacent to a tire store with a auto parts store and a Walgreens across the street.  nothing to speak of here.  It looks like it could have been an used car lot in a previous life.  The lot is generous, however if you are unable to find space, there is an overflow lot on the other side of building.   The ambiance is not much to speak of and is the complete polar opposite of the Anchor Bar.  No gift shop, no t-shirts for sale saying I went to the "Other Original Buffalo Wing Place" or any touristy signs or motorcycles hanging from the ceiling.  Definitely a place for getting some serious eatin' done!   The wings are about the same price, although might have been about a wing cheaper or so, but pretty much a tie.  They make a really big deal about their sauces being hotter than everybody else so be careful what you order. I have to disagree.  If you are looking for the endorphine rush that I think you must be when eating wings, then go ahead with hot.  We ordered their medium, which is supposed to be everybody's hot, and I was mildly entertained.  Nothing to write home about.  Go all out!  The sauce was tangy and spicy, but I feel that there was a bit too much vinegar for my taste.  Could have been a bit more flavorful and a bit less sour.  It really hit me in the back of the mouth when I took my first bite.  Also, their blue cheese dressing is pretty much something out of a bottle, as other people have said in other posts.  That being said, it's more like the normal dressing that you would get so it doesn't take any getting used to unlike Anchor which was a little more like a custom blend.  Again, skip it anyway if you are a purist! Also skip the fries and other accoutrements as they don't really do a good job on those things.  There should be plenty of food as is with the celery and carrots that come with the wings.  If you're still hungry, just order more wings!   Overall, the place if what you would expect from a "wing place."  It's simple, relatively cheap, and you get a lot of good simple food.  Eat what they're good at making and you won't be disappointed.  If you stray from their core dish you might not be that satisfied.  The only reason it's not on par with the Anchor Bar is that the sauce is a bit too tangy and they have really dummed down the heat with that "our medium is their hot" thing.  Other than that, it's a close second, maybe 4.75 stars?
My family and I were in buffalo and really wanted some great wings. I saw that this place had a lot of good reviews and we were not dissapointed! The wings were delicious, I got the medium sauce and it was plenty hot. Also they have a lot of meat on their wings unlike some other places where all you taste is sauce. This is definitely the place to go for wings in Buffalo, so good!
We had to get some Buffalo wings in Buffalo!  This was the first place we pulled into as we got to Buffalo.  We flew from Orlando to DC for wedding #1 the weekend before.  We rented a car and drove from DC to Pittsburgh, stayed a few nights there to visit some friends, then went to Buffalo for wedding #2 the next weekend.  Wings were on our to-do list and we happened to be hungry as we pulled into the city.  Duff's was not super fancy but the wings were solid.  We are fans for sure and it's definitely worth checking out especially if you are tacky tourists like we were that long weekend.
I'm not sure if Duff's makes the best wings in the world or even in Buffalo, but these wings rate an easy 5 stars for me. The wings are very meaty, super crispy (a requirement in my book), perfectly cooked and perfectly sauced. Also as I understand they make thier own Blue Cheese which is excellent. I had the medium flavored sauce and found it to be actually medium, too often a medium sauce at other places is very mild. Next time I'll try a little more heat. There is a nice selection of beers, nice bar area and clean overall. Prices are very fair. Service while not something you'll remember is ok. Not touristy at all. Would be a good place to watch a game. No idea about the other foods on the small menu but why would you get anything else with wings like this on the menu. This is wing nurvana, enjoy Duff's
Traveling from Toronto and Niagara Falls, I guess it was a no brainer to visit Buffalo and to visit Duff's, especially since my wife used to visit her brother when he attended the university there and they would go out to eat chicken wings. We ordered a daily special #1 with 20 wings, bowl of fries, and a pitcher of soda that was enough for four people.  We also ordered a large salad and chicken wings (mostly for myself but shared with my two sons).  Since I am not a chicken wings fan, I cannot comment but my wife and kids like the Medium hot wings.  She was underwhelmed by the salad and she's big on salad hence the 4 star rating. The place was packed and had people waiting (including us).  But, there was enough parking space.  The place had a lot of energy from all the younger adults there. We picked up a bottle of hot sauce for my wife's brother for old time's sake.
Okay, I'm a vegetarian reviewing Duff's Famous Wings.  What's up with that? Don't get me wrong, I've never had the wings.  So, don't listen to me for that. But Duff's has a fine grilled cheese sandwich and veggie burger.  Greasy and sloppy as the day is long, if you are with your meat-eating friends, you can also clog your arteries the fast way with some grilled cheese action.   And, my preference is to get some Death sauce and dip both my fries and grilled cheese into it.  You get the same sinus drippage as your friends and it's also not half bad. An odd statement, if you are a vegetarian stuck going to Duff's, you're in a better boat than some other places in Buffalo.  Two options, both pretty good, and french fries.  So, yeah, that's a welcome surprise. Oh, and beer.  Gotta tame the death sauce somehow.
Hot wings are MUCH better than at Anchor Bar
Bestest Best Wings Ever. Better than Anchor Bar by far. The fries are to die for. You get a plastic bucket for your chicken bones. Any Buffalo born and raised girl should know, come here for the Yum.
Look, there are many reviews so let's be real. This place is a dump. It's known for its wings, which are crispy on the outside, and their "hotness" metric is true to the language (hot is hot). If you feel compelled to compare to Anchor, do so, but realize that you're comparing a dump to a dump. (For what the comparison's worth, I gave Anchor one star. Also Obama visited Duff's, not Anchor.) The same way that pizza is better in NY than in Italy, other venues have perfected the wing past "the original." The fight over the original is just a gimmick and source of local pride to lure Niagara Falls tourists. Duff's shoestring fries mop up the hot sauce. They're like bowling alley fries: forgettable, with the added power of making you hate yourself. The tables are small and there's barely enough room for the plates and pitchers without precarious stacking. The room is painted concrete (think The Flintstones). Wait service couldn't care less about anything. It looks like they're always putting out fires. Lots of suburban kids. Lots of hype. Nothing special.
I loooove buffalo wings. And when I came to visit Buffalo, I made it my priority to eat some for my first meal. I came here on multiple recommendations from locals I talked to. It definitely did not disappoint! I had the hot wings and the BBQ wings. The hot wings were pretty daaaang hot. I had to go to the vending machine to get water to tame the fire in my mouth. The BBQ has a unique tangy flavor with a hint of sweetness - which I found myself liking a lot more. I already miss Duff's wings. Sigh...
Duff's IS Buffalo wings....crispy, hot, zesty, yum! Made the right way, with Frank's Red Hot you won't be sorry you waited in a ridiculous line on a Tuesday for these bad boys. Grab a beer, grab your wings, be happy man.
Pardon me while I mop up all my drool off the floor. ...too far? Maybe lol... but seriously, no one, and I mean NO ONE does wings like Duff's!   After a long awaited visit (LA does not have wings like Buffalo, NY...*small sob*) my cousins and I made our way over to Duff's for a late lunch, as always the wings were perfectly crispy and flavored to order, the fries we're hot and fresh and the beers were ice cold! I'm already counting the minutes until I can return...hey Duff's you looking to open a franchise in LA?! Cause I am all for it!
We waited about 20 mins for a table. House Beer was ok, very bitter and needed a bit more malt to balance it out. The onion rings were good but nothing special. Bleu Cheese dressing was pretty basic. The Wings...were phenomenal. My wife and I agreed that they were the best we've ever had. If you are a fan of wings you must try Duff's. Mild medium sauce was the perfect level of heat and the flavor was excellent. Wings were cooked perfectly. Crispy on the outside, moist of the inside. Simply amazing. I found  myself saying "Man, those were the best wings ever!" hours after we had finished our lunch at duffs.
mmm, good wings. We had an early dinner one day and I hear we barely missed the crowds. I believe it because by the time we finished the huge load of wings and poppers sitting in front of us, the place was starting to form a line for tables. I haven't had the original buffalo wings from the original joint, time did not permit, but I really liked the wings from Duff's, a little crispy and lots of meat and enough sauce. It's funny thought that they warn you that medium is really hot (I laughed at that one - I come from the land of the really freaking hot) so I ordered Very Hot just to see. The wings were hot but not to the point of loosing the feeling in my lips kind of hot. Good flavor so I enjoyed it. Enjoyed the beer on tap. It was refreshing along with them tasty wings. I'll be back.
Democracy was invented in Greece; I'd rather live in America. Wine was invented in Egypt; I'd rather drink Italian. The chicken wing may have been "invented" elsewhere, but I'd rather go to Duff's. If you think this place is too crowded, too cramped, the wait is too long, the service is slow, then don't go. There's probably a Quaker Steak or BW3 nearby with plenty of elbow room. Plus, the mushy wings come with 50 different flavors of sauce. Hooray!
I'm told this is the place the Buffalo locals come and get their Buffalo wings. This was also the chain (though not the location) that Obama got his wings when he was in Buffalo. These are definitely tasty wings, up there on my best-of list (call me crazy, but I really like Mad Mex wings too). I got the "medium" which Duff's says is like hot at other restaurants, but didn't have to guzzle water. Their microbrew wasn't half bad either. My only qualm with Duff's was the slow, somewhat inattentive service, but I would not hesitate to come back for more wings when I'm in Buffalo.
Yep I'm back. And with my family. Made my 83 year old Grandma wait an hour for these wings (she loves the wings too ok?). Got 20 mild medium/fries/labatt blue light pitcher. I ate til I felt like I was going to throw up and will continue to do so, every time I come home. Best.wings.ever!!!!! I love and miss you Duff's!
If you like your wings swimming in sauce, then this place is for you! All sauces are very tasty, and the wings are cooked to perfection.
Order the same thing every time.  My wife and I split 10 Mild-Medium wings and a Duff size fry.  Mild-Medium gets you all the flavor without the massive heat.  While I am a fan of spicy things, I am not a fan of "hot" things, and these are perfect.  I've never gotten a "mini" wing at duff's as I have at other restaurants.  While the Sheridan drive location is the original and closest to home, the location in Cheektowaga has better beer selection for evening dining.  This is where I bring out-of-towners to get real "chicken wings" as they have only been exposed to "buffalo wings."  I've had the wings at all of the other recommended wing places (Anchor Bar, Bar bill, Gabriel's Gate, La Nova, and Dwyer's) and will still come to Duff's whenever I have a wing craving.
Regretably, I have not been to Duff's in quite some time, but from what I am reading, it appears that Duff's is still as awesome as it used to be.  I probably haven't been there in better than 10+ years, but I STILL tell people to pass by the Anchor Bar and head straight to Duff's when they are up there visiting Buffalo.  Glad to hear it has not changed much.  Can't wait to get back there at some point.
An Ode to Duffs: (Just a little ditty I made up) Oh Duffs, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight For the ends of Being and ideal Grace. I love thee to the level of everyday's Most quiet need, by sun and candle-light. I love thee freely, as men strive for Right; I love thee purely, as they turn from Praise. I love thee with a passion put to use In my old griefs, and with my childhood's faith. I love thee with a love I seemed to lose With my lost saints, --- I love thee with the breath, Smiles, tears, of all my life! --- and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
Buffalo wings originated in Buffalo... so you'd think they'd be extra-awesome here. Guess what: THEY ARE. We ordered the BBQ (a bit sweet-- nom), the mild medium (quite possibly the most perfect non-spicy buffalo wing I've ever eaten, fried perfection), and the medium, which has a little bit of heat on first bite but afterwards is super delicious and subsequently doesn't seem nearly as hot. Friggin' delicious. Top it off with an order of two of their very thin cut fries, then top the fries with an order of chili, which is loaded with beef and cheese (and sadly, a few beans). Yuuuum. 4.5 stars. I round down to 4; sadly. I have not tried their competition yet... perhaps I should? I'm also only used to awful buffalo wings they serve at places outside of Buffalo, so maybe I am not the critic I should be, but when the average chain buffalo wing is so awful compared to this... I feel confident enough in saying that this place is indeed, DELICIOUS. (and maybe I should try the "hot" wings next time, although I would need different friends to go with, 'cause yeah...)
So I'm in town again. Duff's was the first place me and my colleague decided to hit. It was as delicious as ever.
Okay I am big fan of wings, and I have lived in Buffalo/WNY my entire life, so I know a thing or two about wings.  After being to Duff's numerous times, I really have to say that I do not like it at all.  The wings are crispy and cooked perfectly, but the sauce is so thick that it feels like they use mayonnaise as the base or something.  I know wings are supposed to be messy, but I have never had wings that were as messy as the ones at Duff's (and that's not really a good thing). It's basically the Amherst/UB trap.  There are much better wings at better local joints in the city  (Nine-Eleven Tavern in South Buffalo, Gabriel's Gate in Allentown, etc.)  It is overpriced, and takes way too long to get a table for wings that (I feel) are incredibly overrated.  Not to mention, the last time I went, both my boyfriend and I got sick.  Was it the wings? Who knows, but we both got sick as the same time, so it's definitely a possibility. If you are from out of town and want real wings without the tourist traps of Duff's and Anchor Bar, there are much better places to go.  But I guess my review doesn't really mean much to the thousands of college student and suburbanites who flock here in droves. Though in Duff's defense, calling it a dump isn't really an insult around here, because most of Buffalo's landmark restaurants are dumps and dives.  Floor is a little dirty? Get over it.
I'm not sure if Duff's makes the best wings in the world or even in Buffalo, but these wings rate an easy 5 stars for me. The wings are very meaty, super crispy (a requirement in my book), perfectly cooked and perfectly sauced. Also as I understand they make thier own Blue Cheese which is excellent. I had the medium flavored sauce and found it to be actually medium, too often a medium sauce at other places is very mild. Next time I'll try a little more heat. There is a nice selection of beers, nice bar area and clean overall. Prices are very fair. Service while not something you'll remember is ok. Not touristy at all. Would be a good place to watch a game. No idea about the other foods on the small menu but why would you get anything else with wings like this on the menu. This is wing nurvana, enjoy Duff's
Duff's has a bit of a weird vibe.  It isn't a dive bar (in that I don't know of anyone who goes there just to drink), but it isn't quite a family restaurant, either.   The bar is on your right when you walk in, populated almost exclusively by waitresses and the masses of people waiting for tables at one of the world's foremost chicken wing joints.   To your left is the dining room, which is reminiscent of a 1970s basement -- replete with plenty of wood paneling and Formica, but bereft of natural light (as well as Natural Light, unfortunately). Atmosphere aside, if you're in the market for chicken wings, Duff's makes arguably the best anywhere.  These wings are the epitome of their genre -- crispy, tasty, and perfectly sauced.  They aren't huge, but then I've never understood people who enjoy chewing on giant rubbery genetically-modified drumsticks anyway.  There aren't many sauce options, but the hot sauce is excellent and pretty spicy -- I get medium (or even "mild medium") here, though I'll order hot elsewhere in Buffalo.  You'll definitely need a bowl of fries and a pitcher of Labatt to cool down your tastebuds between wings. I've only tried a few things aside from the wings and fries, and none of them have been exemplary.  But you don't go to a Ford dealer to get a Chevy, do you?
Terrible wait bad service and ok food I waited 30 minutes to get seated then I decided to get take out then when I got my food 3 tables opened up and they wouldn't let us sit down apparently it's against store policy
We ordered 10 medium wings to go just to compare to Anchor Bar.  They were pretty good but comperable to the wings back at home in Cali. Service seemed generally friendly and prices were reasonable.
I lived the first 25 years of my life in Buffalo and moved away.  I never once went to Anchor bar or Duffs.  Only as a tourist coming back have I gone back and to be honest I felt I missed out on Duffs.  I can't believe I shunned this place.  Really cannot.  They have the best wings hands down.  I've eaten at hundreds of wing places and they are the best.  Kudos to you Duffs.
Just went there last night after the reviews from yelp...was totally disappointed. Buffalo sauce was way overly sour... Wings were crispy to the point the meat was dry. I ordered their medium which was not even hot at all, it was worse than wimpy. Their hot wings was just the right spicy temperature but definitely not very, very hot. 3 stars goes to their own micro brew beer Would not go back to this location.
I loooove buffalo wings. And when I came to visit Buffalo, I made it my priority to eat some for my first meal. I came here on multiple recommendations from locals I talked to. It definitely did not disappoint! I had the hot wings and the BBQ wings. The hot wings were pretty daaaang hot. I had to go to the vending machine to get water to tame the fire in my mouth. The BBQ has a unique tangy flavor with a hint of sweetness - which I found myself liking a lot more. I already miss Duff's wings. Sigh...
Duff's teeshirts say something like regular is hot, regular plus is super hot and hot is wicked hot.  I may be a chile head but none of the above is true.  In fact, the opposite may have more truth- hot is regular.  The wings were crispy and the heat builds and the blue cheese helps.  There were photos of President Obama.  This is the place everyone told me to go, established 1969.  Next time I'm going to go atomic.
The Best Wings I've ever had. Hands down, and believe me, I've had a lot of wings. Got there around 1pm on a Saturday. Took 30 minutes to get a table of 4, but if you wanted a table for 5 or 6 it would be the same wait, they just add chairs to the center tables. Very nice older gentleman took our name. Our waitress was a sweetheart with brunette hair and glasses. We ordered 10 med for me and 20 mild for my wife and 2 boys (11&13) and a LARGE fry. It was big. The wings were so GOOD, we ordered 10 more mild mid meal. I loved the medium and mild. Honestly the wings were cooked to perfection, just enough sauce. Crispy, not overly big or meaty, just perfect. They said the medium wings were like hot, but they are slightly milder than the hot wings a BW's. The waitress was so nice and did a fantastic job. The restaurant looks a little old, but it is clean and well kept. I am a clean freak too. Plenty of napkins, a separate bucket for the bones, they really do a great job. We got waters, extra blue cheeses, and our bill with a 22% tip came to $58, not bad. I would go back in a second, SO GOOD!!!
In Buffalo for work for the weekend; I had just enough time to sample one of the famous hot wing joints, forcing me to decide between Anchor (the original) and Duff's (which I heard is the best). I'm very glad I went with the latter. Wings are enormous, and are fried to a perfectly tender crisp. They come with copious sauce, but it's not enough to drown the wings and turn them mushy. The sauce itself (I went with the "very hot") is fiery as advertised, and the bleu cheese the wings come with is absolutely divine. For lack of a better word, they are perfect. Fries taste better than they look,  although they're not good enough to distract you from the main attraction. Service is pleasant and appropriately attentive (printed out an extra copy of my receipt, no questions asked). Price at this place is not a factor, since I'm fairly certain Duff's does what they do better than anyone on the planet, but in case you were wondering, it is very fair. In summary, I always appreciate it when a restaurant knocks a classic out of the park, and Duff's has done this with their wings. This is the standard by which all other wings should be judged. All hail Duff's!
Best wings in the world.  The mecca for wings.  I am not from Buffalo/Amherst, but I make the trip there once a year and go here b/c they are the best I have ever had.  This place is the real deal, Anchor Bar and La Nova suck.  Great burgers too.
Made a stop here on east coast road trip before we headed up to Niagra Falls, CA. Living up to the hype.... These wings are some of the illest.  All we needed was an order Hot buffalo wings and couple of house brews (and water) and you are set.  I will have to say these wings are right on par with a joint in Evanston, IL called Buffalo Joe's that serves up some good wings... that is saying a lot IMO....  If in this area, must check it out.   The place gets super packed on weekends, but well worth the wait.
I'm told this is the place the Buffalo locals come and get their Buffalo wings. This was also the chain (though not the location) that Obama got his wings when he was in Buffalo. These are definitely tasty wings, up there on my best-of list (call me crazy, but I really like Mad Mex wings too). I got the "medium" which Duff's says is like hot at other restaurants, but didn't have to guzzle water. Their microbrew wasn't half bad either. My only qualm with Duff's was the slow, somewhat inattentive service, but I would not hesitate to come back for more wings when I'm in Buffalo.
We were told that there was a big debate between Buff's or Anchor bar being the founder of the Buffalo wings and decided to give each a try. The hot wings are very hot, though I will say this place was nothing great nor were the wings all that. I did try to go in with an open mind- maybe slightly tainted thinking I was going to taste the best chicken wings I had ever had; but the wings were just hot and nothing special. The seating was cramped, the waitress was always preoccupied, and the only thing that really made it bearable were all of the nice people sitting around us. We enjoyed the company of strangers more than the food....
I went here a few years ago and loved it.  This time, I was a little underwhelmed (although probably will still come back the next time I'm in Buffalo).  The wings are great at first, but as you get to the bottom of the basket they are too wet and tangy.  Wish Duffs would have laid off the sauce a bit more this time.  Title of Best Wings Ever now goes back to my favorite NYC places Brother Jimmy's and Down the Hatch.
I went to college in Buffalo (UB) & got wings to go from here very often. The guy I was dating at the time, he & I ate like pigs regularly & Duff's was 1 of our main pick-up places. We'd stop by there, get a bunch of their wings withOUT sauce (so they were very crispy!) PLUS a bacon cheeseburger (which is pretty good, too) - all to go, then stuffed our faces when we got back to his place. Then quickly fell into major food coma & just hibernated. (But hey, this is what you did in college!) So after graduating (*gulp* like 12 yrs ago!!), I didn't get to go back to Duff's til 2009 (NOTE: This review's a bit outdated as 2009 was the last time I was there). The food was just as good as I remembered it! Decor-wise, it's just a modest, sort of divey place, but that's part of its charm. Service was good, too, everyone was very nice. Food came out quickly. Beer was good, too.
Amazing wings. There delicious. I go to buffalo almost twice a year and everytime duffs is a must. If i had it my way i would live next door. The wings are cooked to perfection. You can take your time eating and find the last wing in the bowl swimming in sauce will still be perfectly crunchy and delicious
Buffalo's best.   Ate at the Sheridan Drive location...45 minute wait and well worth it. Seven of us. We had wings, what else!   30 Medium, 30 Medium Mild.  Excellent.   Had some fries, lots of carrots and blue cheese and beverages.   Mom had a bowl of chili. Wings are meaty  and delicious.  Unlike anything at a Buffalo Wild Wings or other places.   When we come into Buffalo, one of the must stops. They are expanding into other locations.  Will have to try one of those.   But for us, this will always be the best place for wings.
Buffalo wings originated in Buffalo... so you'd think they'd be extra-awesome here. Guess what: THEY ARE. We ordered the BBQ (a bit sweet-- nom), the mild medium (quite possibly the most perfect non-spicy buffalo wing I've ever eaten, fried perfection), and the medium, which has a little bit of heat on first bite but afterwards is super delicious and subsequently doesn't seem nearly as hot. Friggin' delicious. Top it off with an order of two of their very thin cut fries, then top the fries with an order of chili, which is loaded with beef and cheese (and sadly, a few beans). Yuuuum. 4.5 stars. I round down to 4; sadly. I have not tried their competition yet... perhaps I should? I'm also only used to awful buffalo wings they serve at places outside of Buffalo, so maybe I am not the critic I should be, but when the average chain buffalo wing is so awful compared to this... I feel confident enough in saying that this place is indeed, DELICIOUS. (and maybe I should try the "hot" wings next time, although I would need different friends to go with, 'cause yeah...)
I came here after hearing rave reviews from people who lived around the area. When I first came it was crowded and there was a great, comforting ambiance, like a huge family gathering. The waitress was also very nice and helpful. The buffalo wings were a bit to saucy for a plain person like me, but there were very good for buffalo wings. The fries were average, but it was just very fun to eat there. The portions are HUGE, and I ended up not eating most the fries and I had many left over wings. When you walk in, be impressed with the photo of Obama eating there. ;) My review is only three stars because it's simply another average buffalo wing restaurant, but the ambiance really makes up for it. Being in BUFFALO, you must eat buffalo wings. Hehe. An fun place for friends to hang out and catch up!
We had to get some Buffalo wings in Buffalo!  This was the first place we pulled into as we got to Buffalo.  We flew from Orlando to DC for wedding #1 the weekend before.  We rented a car and drove from DC to Pittsburgh, stayed a few nights there to visit some friends, then went to Buffalo for wedding #2 the next weekend.  Wings were on our to-do list and we happened to be hungry as we pulled into the city.  Duff's was not super fancy but the wings were solid.  We are fans for sure and it's definitely worth checking out especially if you are tacky tourists like we were that long weekend.
Duff girl says "OH YEAH!" Seriously these are the best wings in Buffalo...all the rest are just trying to keep up.  They are true to their word on the degrees of hotness and if you have a stomach lined with lead then by all means go for the suicide wings. Note to newbies...don't get "intimate" after hot wings at Duff's.  I don't want to get too graphic but you'll be sittin in a tub of ice cubes is all I'm sayin.  It should also be noted that this was not my personal experience but I have turned my friend into an urban legend by spreading the story.  Don't make me explain this further people, hot sauce and naughty bits don't mix.
Being from Buffalo, NY originally, this was always the best place to get wings...have not been there in quite some time, but I always remember their wings being big and meaty.
Ok...comparing this place to the Anchor Bar im gonna have to give it to the anchor bar...wings are desent dont get me wrong but to me they are just like any other wing spot...
We ordered 10 medium wings to go just to compare to Anchor Bar.  They were pretty good but comperable to the wings back at home in Cali. Service seemed generally friendly and prices were reasonable.
Stopped here after a UB vs BU basketball game. It was around 8:30 on a Saturday night. We had roughly a 40 min wait. One of the negatives to Duffs is the waiting area. No seating and a very small bar area. Once seated we were promptly taken care of. Service was quick and the wings were outstanding. Too bad it's an uncomfortable wait to get seated!
Look, there are many reviews so let's be real. This place is a dump. It's known for its wings, which are crispy on the outside, and their "hotness" metric is true to the language (hot is hot). If you feel compelled to compare to Anchor, do so, but realize that you're comparing a dump to a dump. (For what the comparison's worth, I gave Anchor one star. Also Obama visited Duff's, not Anchor.) The same way that pizza is better in NY than in Italy, other venues have perfected the wing past "the original." The fight over the original is just a gimmick and source of local pride to lure Niagara Falls tourists. Duff's shoestring fries mop up the hot sauce. They're like bowling alley fries: forgettable, with the added power of making you hate yourself. The tables are small and there's barely enough room for the plates and pitchers without precarious stacking. The room is painted concrete (think The Flintstones). Wait service couldn't care less about anything. It looks like they're always putting out fires. Lots of suburban kids. Lots of hype. Nothing special.
I know I'm going to be crucified for saying this, but the wings at Duff's are better than those at the Anchor Bar.  The wings at Duff's are always piping hot, dripping with hot sauce, and aren't as greasy.  If that wasn't enough, their blue cheese is addictive!  If you visit Buffalo, visit Duff's and order one of the specials.   I recommend the 25 wings, order of fries, and a pitcher of soda or beer.   As for the atmosphere, Duff's is a wing joint.   You have a chair to sit in and a bucket for the bones.  What else could a wing connoisseur need?
I used to live across the street and I got fat... off Duffs!  Don't try to make sense of it.. who cares if Anchor bar came first.. Duff's got some serious wings.  Don't waste your time with any of the other stuff, one extra french fry means less room for wings.  Just dont rub your eyes after a plate full of wings!
Buffalo Wings were started in Buffalo, New York... makes sense haha Went to one of the most famous places called Duff's Famous Wings in Buffalo, New York. I got 10 of their BBQ Famous Wings and was also able to taste their Medium spicy wings. To be honest, their BBQ wings were not good at all. The chicken was crispy, but drenched in a really ketchup flavored BBQ sauce was just not hitting the spot for me. Again maybe LA has is down, but in my experience it seems tasting the Philly Cheesesteak in Philadelphia was a disappointment. Same with eating the "Buffalo" wings in Buffalo was a disappointment. It just tastes better in LA, any Hooters, Buffalo Wild Wings... they have it down. I tried the Medium Spicy Wings as well, and they were just ok. And I usually can't handle spicy, these were not spicy at all. At Duff's they claim their "Medium = Hot, Medium Hot = Hot Hot, and their Hot = Hot Hot Hot" So not true. I bet I could even handle their Hot Spicy.... Anyways disappointed... BBQ Wings 4/10 Medium Wings 5/10 Check out my food blog - foodethismos.tumblr.com
In Buffalo for work for the weekend; I had just enough time to sample one of the famous hot wing joints, forcing me to decide between Anchor (the original) and Duff's (which I heard is the best). I'm very glad I went with the latter. Wings are enormous, and are fried to a perfectly tender crisp. They come with copious sauce, but it's not enough to drown the wings and turn them mushy. The sauce itself (I went with the "very hot") is fiery as advertised, and the bleu cheese the wings come with is absolutely divine. For lack of a better word, they are perfect. Fries taste better than they look,  although they're not good enough to distract you from the main attraction. Service is pleasant and appropriately attentive (printed out an extra copy of my receipt, no questions asked). Price at this place is not a factor, since I'm fairly certain Duff's does what they do better than anyone on the planet, but in case you were wondering, it is very fair. In summary, I always appreciate it when a restaurant knocks a classic out of the park, and Duff's has done this with their wings. This is the standard by which all other wings should be judged. All hail Duff's!
Let me preface by saying I had both Anchor Bar and Duff's the same night on a quest to find the best buffalo wings while on business 2 hrs from Buffalo.  Anchor Bar awesome and Duff's was very generic. Duff's look like a place run by local college kids.  Although very friendly I don't think there's much pride in what is served.  I found the wing to be the orange hot sauced kind you find anywhere in the country and were overcooked.  Not overcooked as left in the deep fryer but tasted like it was boiled and then fried.   There is no comparison between Duff's and Anchor Bar.
Democracy was invented in Greece; I'd rather live in America. Wine was invented in Egypt; I'd rather drink Italian. The chicken wing may have been "invented" elsewhere, but I'd rather go to Duff's. If you think this place is too crowded, too cramped, the wait is too long, the service is slow, then don't go. There's probably a Quaker Steak or BW3 nearby with plenty of elbow room. Plus, the mushy wings come with 50 different flavors of sauce. Hooray!
Fresh off their victory over Anchor Bar on Travel Channel's "Food Wars," the Duff's wings seem to have grown by about 10% and the medium-is-hot thing is a little tamed down.  That said, the quality of the chicken itself is still not as good as it is at Gabriel's Gate. However, the wings do still come out crisp and piping hot.  You must still eat 'em down fast since the wings are but islands in an sea of oleo-spiked Frank's Red Hot.  Oddly enough, the fries are just sort of there, though if you're not done fisting your arteries, you can use them to mop up the excess sauce. Don't bother with the rest of the food. P.S. The blue cheese dressing is really for the celery and carrots.  Nobody dipped wings into the blue cheese until 1994, when Domino's started serving wings and showed a wing being dipped into Ranch dressing in a TV commercial.  ***Edit: Yelper Sean W. [yelp.com/user_details?us… reports that his father was dipping the wings in blue cheese by 1979-80, so we can all blame him for that phenomenon!*** P.P.S. Just so you know the wings score, Gabriel's Gate is better than Duff's is better than Anchor Bar is better than pretty much everywhere else.  [Yelp isn't letting me use the "greater than" sign]
Forget Anchor Bar. Duff's has the BEST WINGS IN BUFFALO, if not the country. Juicy, flavorful, incredibly meaty. BBQ is good, as are hot. The thin, thin fried are delicious too, as are the thick hunks of celery. The lunch specials were the best. 10 wings, a side, and a soda for 5.95. I would always split this with my besty in college and it was the perfect amount of food.
Duffs!  Hurray wings!   I had a feeling this was a tourist trap and was happy to see locals as well as some travelers.  I got in a little after one just at the end of the lunch rush, the place was still quite busy, which is good. The great - wings duh, I got the 10 piece lunch - hot, lot's of food.  These wings vary in size and some are quite sizable, barely touched the fries and those were to sop up some more hot sauce.  There is a LOT of sauce, these wings come swimming, so you can dip them for a little extra if you like.  The hot sauce is hot, I wouldn't say very, very hot, like the tshirts, but it has great flavor.  The Bleu Cheese dressing is great!  Even with all the extra sauce I made it out without damaging a dress shirt, so that's also a big plus. The not so great - Why did I order a salad on the side?  Seriously what was I thinking.. It was a good reason to get a little more dressing yeah, but why.  The salad was iffy... right on the edge of what I would throw out of the fridge.  The celery and carrots would have been fine. The smell outside this place is rank!  But don't let that turn you away. So I'm sitting there eating wings, and see they have a franchise that just opened in Southlake... Feeling a little stupid at this point for driving 20 miles out of the way when there is also one across town.  But it was worth it, and you folks in Southlake will have someone comparing yours to the original!
I went to college in Buffalo (UB) & got wings to go from here very often. The guy I was dating at the time, he & I ate like pigs regularly & Duff's was 1 of our main pick-up places. We'd stop by there, get a bunch of their wings withOUT sauce (so they were very crispy!) PLUS a bacon cheeseburger (which is pretty good, too) - all to go, then stuffed our faces when we got back to his place. Then quickly fell into major food coma & just hibernated. (But hey, this is what you did in college!) So after graduating (*gulp* like 12 yrs ago!!), I didn't get to go back to Duff's til 2009 (NOTE: This review's a bit outdated as 2009 was the last time I was there). The food was just as good as I remembered it! Decor-wise, it's just a modest, sort of divey place, but that's part of its charm. Service was good, too, everyone was very nice. Food came out quickly. Beer was good, too.
I wanted to love Duff's but the truth is that Duff's did not blow me away.  The chicken wings here are of really good quality.  They are very traditional - Louisiana hot sauce mixed with butter and coated onto a crispy deep fried chicken wing.  Do they taste great? Yes.  Are Duffs wings exceptionally better then other good wings? No.  Another gripe of mine is that they hype up the sauces to make you think hot is really hot.  I found that I could have easily gone much hotter then Duff's hot.  Don't get me wrong these are great wings.  The thing is, where I come from in Upstate Ny, I can find wings just as good at a number of establishments.  I should probably give a 4 stars but when your supposed to be the best in the world and don't meet that expectation you deserve a 3 stars.
An Ode to Duffs: (Just a little ditty I made up) Oh Duffs, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height My soul can reach, when feeling out of sight For the ends of Being and ideal Grace. I love thee to the level of everyday's Most quiet need, by sun and candle-light. I love thee freely, as men strive for Right; I love thee purely, as they turn from Praise. I love thee with a passion put to use In my old griefs, and with my childhood's faith. I love thee with a love I seemed to lose With my lost saints, --- I love thee with the breath, Smiles, tears, of all my life! --- and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
Well I'm a huge fan of Buffalo Wings and I'm from California so I ended up at the right spot. I was just mentioning Duff's in another review so I thought'd I give them a 5 star review. I went here this past summer while visiting some friends in Buffalo. I told them I wanted to try as many Wings places as I could and specifically requested Anchor Bar. Duff's was suggested as the best so we went here. I'm not positive if this was the location or not (I believe my friends said it was the one Obama visited). It doesn't really matter. The wings were fantastic. The sauce is usually what makes the wings and Duff's has great sauce. I remember the sign on the wall saying "Medium is hot" and so that is what I ordered. I love hot food but wanted to actually be able to enjoy it so I wasn't risking going for something hotter. They started out mildly spicy but by the end I was sweating. The wings were big and crispy. Combined witht the sauce, they were perfect. When, not if, but when I go back, I might be brave and try something a little spicier or maybe get a hotter sauce on the side. 5 stars Duffs from this west coaster! I feel bad writing this but Duffs is much better than Anchor Bar
Really delicious. I've been recently to the one in the Eastern Hills Mall. The place was packed, so we had to wait a while before getting a table. We sat down and I loved it there. Football everywhere. We had the special, fries, pop, and wings. We got the really hot ones, but in my opinion wasn't really that hot. But I also do pour at least a whole bottle of Sriracha when I eat noodle soups. Definitely coming back.
Arguably the best wings in Buffalo.  The wings, fingers and fries are always the same whether u eat in or take out.  No Ambience!  But that is fine,Mathis place has a neighborhood joint feel.  Beer, wine and soft drinks.  Love it
Duff girl says "OH YEAH!" Seriously these are the best wings in Buffalo...all the rest are just trying to keep up.  They are true to their word on the degrees of hotness and if you have a stomach lined with lead then by all means go for the suicide wings. Note to newbies...don't get "intimate" after hot wings at Duff's.  I don't want to get too graphic but you'll be sittin in a tub of ice cubes is all I'm sayin.  It should also be noted that this was not my personal experience but I have turned my friend into an urban legend by spreading the story.  Don't make me explain this further people, hot sauce and naughty bits don't mix.
we had to go here...great buffalo wings (medium) they had hotter but didn't want to ruin the experience.  tried bbq too which were still good.  good bleu cheese as well which is a must. french fries and gravy..mm
Terrible wait bad service and ok food I waited 30 minutes to get seated then I decided to get take out then when I got my food 3 tables opened up and they wouldn't let us sit down apparently it's against store policy
Wings as good as you would expect from Buffalo. The medium wasn't quite spicy enough. 10 wings is enough for a person. Did carry out from this location during a snowstorm, and it was ready in 20 mins. Will eat here again.
Best chili I've ever had. Also don't overlook the fries. If you're a beer guy, try their house brew. It's smooth but flavorful!
Awesome wings! Its like wing heaven here. We ordered the medium, medium hot and spicy BBQ and all were delicious. The wings came out promptly with crispy skin, piping hot with just the right amount of sauce. The fries are also surprisingly good dipped in extra wing sauce and blue cheese. They warn you that the medium is hot but its really not that spicy unless you have very sensitive taste buds. I highly recommend the spicy BBQ for its smokey thick sauce with just the right amount of spice. Note to new diners: the place looks like a dive inside and out. I was actually a bit uncomfortable my first time there because it looks so dumpy. Do not come here for ambiance, super amazing service or cleanliness. Just come for easily the best traditional style buffalo wings.
I know I'm going to be crucified for saying this, but the wings at Duff's are better than those at the Anchor Bar.  The wings at Duff's are always piping hot, dripping with hot sauce, and aren't as greasy.  If that wasn't enough, their blue cheese is addictive!  If you visit Buffalo, visit Duff's and order one of the specials.   I recommend the 25 wings, order of fries, and a pitcher of soda or beer.   As for the atmosphere, Duff's is a wing joint.   You have a chair to sit in and a bucket for the bones.  What else could a wing connoisseur need?
The only reason I'm giving Duff's 2 stars is because the service was pretty good. Everything else was eh....the wings were over cooked and the sauce left something to be desired....we asked locals and they said Duff's was better than Anchors.....I find that hard to belive
The Best Wings I've ever had. Hands down, and believe me, I've had a lot of wings. Got there around 1pm on a Saturday. Took 30 minutes to get a table of 4, but if you wanted a table for 5 or 6 it would be the same wait, they just add chairs to the center tables. Very nice older gentleman took our name. Our waitress was a sweetheart with brunette hair and glasses. We ordered 10 med for me and 20 mild for my wife and 2 boys (11&13) and a LARGE fry. It was big. The wings were so GOOD, we ordered 10 more mild mid meal. I loved the medium and mild. Honestly the wings were cooked to perfection, just enough sauce. Crispy, not overly big or meaty, just perfect. They said the medium wings were like hot, but they are slightly milder than the hot wings a BW's. The waitress was so nice and did a fantastic job. The restaurant looks a little old, but it is clean and well kept. I am a clean freak too. Plenty of napkins, a separate bucket for the bones, they really do a great job. We got waters, extra blue cheeses, and our bill with a 22% tip came to $58, not bad. I would go back in a second, SO GOOD!!!
Fresh off their victory over Anchor Bar on Travel Channel's "Food Wars," the Duff's wings seem to have grown by about 10% and the medium-is-hot thing is a little tamed down.  That said, the quality of the chicken itself is still not as good as it is at Gabriel's Gate. However, the wings do still come out crisp and piping hot.  You must still eat 'em down fast since the wings are but islands in an sea of oleo-spiked Frank's Red Hot.  Oddly enough, the fries are just sort of there, though if you're not done fisting your arteries, you can use them to mop up the excess sauce. Don't bother with the rest of the food. P.S. The blue cheese dressing is really for the celery and carrots.  Nobody dipped wings into the blue cheese until 1994, when Domino's started serving wings and showed a wing being dipped into Ranch dressing in a TV commercial.  ***Edit: Yelper Sean W. [yelp.com/user_details?us… reports that his father was dipping the wings in blue cheese by 1979-80, so we can all blame him for that phenomenon!*** P.P.S. Just so you know the wings score, Gabriel's Gate is better than Duff's is better than Anchor Bar is better than pretty much everywhere else.  [Yelp isn't letting me use the "greater than" sign]
Best wings! I was introduced to them by my college girlfriend in the 1980s and return whenever possible. Must visit.
This place was located in Amherst and it was the first Duff's Wings restaurant.  It's like any other college pubs, definitely not fancy at all.  In fact I felt like I was in a cafeteria.  However it didn't keep customers and tourists from driving all the way to this small little town and try out the wings. After almost 30 mins of waiting in line, we were finally given a table at 3pm.  We've ordered its daily special #2 - 20 wings (10 medium hot, 10 medium light) + large fries + large pitcher of pop.  Getting so hungry and excited, we quickly got a bite of the wings.   And the taste?  IT WAS SO SALTY AND SOUR!   My mom couldn't stand it so much that I had to order a turkey burger for her instead.  I kept thinking if it was a mistake that the wings were made that way. I asked the waitress and got her reply - the saltiness came from the sauce and they did not add any extra salt.  I looked at other customers eating happily around me, puzzled. So here it is, I've finally tried the authentic Buffalo wings in Buffalo, but I hated it.  I couldn't stand the saltiness and sourness.  My brother, on the other hand, loved the leftover wings I brought from the restaurant.  It's all personal taste after all. Final verdict:  I would stick to my honey garlic wings from now on.  So long, Duff's Wings!
Well I'm a huge fan of Buffalo Wings and I'm from California so I ended up at the right spot. I was just mentioning Duff's in another review so I thought'd I give them a 5 star review. I went here this past summer while visiting some friends in Buffalo. I told them I wanted to try as many Wings places as I could and specifically requested Anchor Bar. Duff's was suggested as the best so we went here. I'm not positive if this was the location or not (I believe my friends said it was the one Obama visited). It doesn't really matter. The wings were fantastic. The sauce is usually what makes the wings and Duff's has great sauce. I remember the sign on the wall saying "Medium is hot" and so that is what I ordered. I love hot food but wanted to actually be able to enjoy it so I wasn't risking going for something hotter. They started out mildly spicy but by the end I was sweating. The wings were big and crispy. Combined witht the sauce, they were perfect. When, not if, but when I go back, I might be brave and try something a little spicier or maybe get a hotter sauce on the side. 5 stars Duffs from this west coaster! I feel bad writing this but Duffs is much better than Anchor Bar
If your looking for BUFFALO WINGS then Duffs is the place.. If you want specialty wings with parmesan or honey, go somewhere else. You can't beat the specials either. I get the 20 wings basket of fries( which are always done to perfection) and a large pitcher of pop and it is perfect for two. The wings are big crispy and super saucy which is just how I like it. So, if you want a traditional Buffalo wing experience this is the place to go.
I went here a few years ago and loved it.  This time, I was a little underwhelmed (although probably will still come back the next time I'm in Buffalo).  The wings are great at first, but as you get to the bottom of the basket they are too wet and tangy.  Wish Duffs would have laid off the sauce a bit more this time.  Title of Best Wings Ever now goes back to my favorite NYC places Brother Jimmy's and Down the Hatch.
Wings as good as you would expect from Buffalo. The medium wasn't quite spicy enough. 10 wings is enough for a person. Did carry out from this location during a snowstorm, and it was ready in 20 mins. Will eat here again.
Seriously skip the Anchor Bar and go for the real treasure at Duff's.  I still have yet to find better wings anywhere.
During our roadtrip to see the B's Sabres we figured we'd have to stop at a wing place. Although there is much debate, it seems that many people see Duff's as one of the better wing places in the area. It certainly did not disappoint.  12:30PM on a Friday, and the place had almost all the tables filled for lunch. The service was nothing special, and the place is a dive for sure. Cheap decor, seating, tables, etc. Not complaining, I like restaurants that have this type of identity. I split the # 4 (20 wings, large fry, and a large pitcher) with my friend. We did the medium-hot, which was perfectly spicy for our tastes. A good amount of heat complemented with a vinegar bite, without numbing my entire mouth. The wings were heavily sauced, but retained a good crunch and did not get soggy when eaten. They were large, and certainly not the puny wings you will receive at other places.  I'm glad we tried the original Duff's, as others have not been as well received. We also tried the Duff's microbrew, which was just ok. Better than most of the other beer choices, at least. All in all, Duff's definitely hit the spot and was perfect for the experience I was looking for.  I'm glad I got to grab a bite at this reputable establishment.
Expect to be taken back to memories of your own college pub. This has the same feel so I didn't mind the atmosphere. It got really busy when we left (20 people waiting for a table).   We ordered the medium (hot) and hot (really really hot) from what they say on their shirts.  20 pieces eaten and yes they do split orders here.  We didn't wait long to get our wings either. Wings came out steaming but crispy!!! They were still steaming even as the last wing was being eaten. I was impressed.  The sauce was good too and their was no lack of it coating the wings also. It's not too often that you get a hot sauce that doesn't have a lot of vinegar kick. This is how wings from Buffalo should taste like.
If you ever go to Buffalo everybody will tell you to go to the Anchor Bar, I have been to both and Duff's is where you go if it is about the WINGS!  If its about "BTDT" (been there, done that) then you add the Anchor Bar to your resume.  Don't judge Buffalo Wings in Buffalo by the Anchor Bar.  Duff's rules!
Never been and had too try. Had 10 wings mild, the wings were good sized and done perfectly, the sauce had good flavor, also got side of HOT, be prepared to sweat and dont touch your eyes like this dumbass did.Fries were thin cut and crispy and plentiful. Side salad was ok, lettuce tasted clean big plus for me.. Wasnt much to look at inside or out but thats means notta to me. All in all am at the point were its tough to get excited about wings. Anyone remember M&E lounge on Military Rd? Their wings were amazing, they had a light breading, so good and very missed.
Ok...comparing this place to the Anchor Bar im gonna have to give it to the anchor bar...wings are desent dont get me wrong but to me they are just like any other wing spot...
This place is a Buffalo staple.  Whether I get wings or a burger, the food is always good.  The wait getting into the restaurant can sometimes be long as it is limited seating but the staff is always friendly and the food more than makes up for it.  Also, in my opinion, if you don't splurge this can also be a cheap meal.
Stopped for chicken wings with an out of town friend.   What a major disappointment.   The service was less than average.   The wings were nothing to rave about. I have had better wings at local pizza shops! Sorry wont be back!!
Best wings anywhere. If you want to know what Buffalo wings should taste like, go to Duffs!
Ate here when we were on vacation from Montana.  Let me tell you, I did not know what REAL wings tasted like until I ate here!  I've never cared for wings until this place.  Great prices and even better food! If we can travel back East again, this place is definitely worth making a special trip for!
As an avid chicken wing lover, I've tried them around the country. They all claim to be the best, but the reality is they are all just battling for second. There is no contest...Duff's wings dominate. Everytime I land in Buffalo I call in a take-out order at  Duff's by the airport just to get my fix. However, if you like garlic, bbq, sauceless, cajun, or any other non Buffalo-wing style you are better off going to applebees, buffalo wild wings, or some other chain restaurant that will have a wide variety of those gimmicky flavors for ya.
So I was determined to try some buffalo wings while in town, and I decided on Duff's.  Yes, their wings really are good.  They are meaty, have just the right amount of sauce, and have a decent amount of spiciness to them (at least for me).  I have tried both the medium-hot and the hot levels.  The medium-hot isn't "very hot" like they say, but the hot (which is supposed to be "very very hot") was just right.  For just wings, it can be a bit pricey, but their lunch specials make it a good deal.  Just grab a glass/pitcher of beer with it and you're all set!
Grew up in Buffalo and was excited for a return visit to try Duff's wings after watching Food Wars a while back. Went to the original location, which has zero ambiance but more than willing to overlook for great wings. What a disappointment! My hot wings were served in a soup of hot sauce and the taste was something any novice could achieve at home with a deep fryer, a bottle of hot sauce and a stick of butter. The presentation was bad and the taste was worse. My son had the medium wings which were slightly better, achieving average status. Nothing was fresh. The pepperoncini on my wife's salad were uncommonly bland. Conclusion: Formerly proud wing joint that has gone Tourist Trap at about a buck a wing with below average quality. Don't waste your time or money. Find a wing joint that still has some pride.
Buffalo Wings were started in Buffalo, New York... makes sense haha Went to one of the most famous places called Duff's Famous Wings in Buffalo, New York. I got 10 of their BBQ Famous Wings and was also able to taste their Medium spicy wings. To be honest, their BBQ wings were not good at all. The chicken was crispy, but drenched in a really ketchup flavored BBQ sauce was just not hitting the spot for me. Again maybe LA has is down, but in my experience it seems tasting the Philly Cheesesteak in Philadelphia was a disappointment. Same with eating the "Buffalo" wings in Buffalo was a disappointment. It just tastes better in LA, any Hooters, Buffalo Wild Wings... they have it down. I tried the Medium Spicy Wings as well, and they were just ok. And I usually can't handle spicy, these were not spicy at all. At Duff's they claim their "Medium = Hot, Medium Hot = Hot Hot, and their Hot = Hot Hot Hot" So not true. I bet I could even handle their Hot Spicy.... Anyways disappointed... BBQ Wings 4/10 Medium Wings 5/10 Check out my food blog - foodethismos.tumblr.com
Good but not amazing.  If from out of town, skip this one but be sure to stop at The originators at Anchor Bar.  Otherwise, service was pleasant and homie.  This location has a nice dive feel (said affectionately).  To be fair, if your looking for a more authentic Buffalo (as in the city) feel and experience (less touristy) stop here.
I've only had wings and fries. Both are excellent!! A fun place to watch sports.  Their reputation for wings is well deserved. Enjoy!!
I love coming to Duffs and I'm a kind of person who hardly ever eats wings, but this stuff is good! The first time I came here I tried their death wings with a friend of mine and after a couple of bites.. Tears.. And sweat.. Started to pour out. It definitely got me lightheaded! (And My friends know me for being crazy for the amount of spice I eat) The couple of visits after I tried their BBQ wings, although it is way too saucy for me it's definitely delicious. ( nothing a couple of napkins can't handle) I recently learned about their lunch special and it's such a steal ! Favorite place to eat ever since I've attended the university :-)
The ongoing debate is either Duffs or Anchor Bar. No brainer; Duffs everytime. I would say go to Anchor Bar once for the experience and atmosphere that surrounds "The Birthplace of Buffalo WIngs". But after you are done there, it is time to proclaim your loyalty to Duffs. A very modest bar; but the quality, quickness, and temperature of the wings you receive are the best I have ever seen. I can't recommend anything besides wings, but that is the only reason to go here. There is usually a wait to get a seat on game nights, but they do their best to get you in and out. If you are a true Western New Yorker, you should have no problem cheering for the underdog!
Mediocre wings at best. Our wings were small, dry, and over sauced. Save your 40USD and go somewhere more deserving of your hard earned money.
delicious wings! no more words! :)
Duffs!  Hurray wings!   I had a feeling this was a tourist trap and was happy to see locals as well as some travelers.  I got in a little after one just at the end of the lunch rush, the place was still quite busy, which is good. The great - wings duh, I got the 10 piece lunch - hot, lot's of food.  These wings vary in size and some are quite sizable, barely touched the fries and those were to sop up some more hot sauce.  There is a LOT of sauce, these wings come swimming, so you can dip them for a little extra if you like.  The hot sauce is hot, I wouldn't say very, very hot, like the tshirts, but it has great flavor.  The Bleu Cheese dressing is great!  Even with all the extra sauce I made it out without damaging a dress shirt, so that's also a big plus. The not so great - Why did I order a salad on the side?  Seriously what was I thinking.. It was a good reason to get a little more dressing yeah, but why.  The salad was iffy... right on the edge of what I would throw out of the fridge.  The celery and carrots would have been fine. The smell outside this place is rank!  But don't let that turn you away. So I'm sitting there eating wings, and see they have a franchise that just opened in Southlake... Feeling a little stupid at this point for driving 20 miles out of the way when there is also one across town.  But it was worth it, and you folks in Southlake will have someone comparing yours to the original!
We were told there'd be a 25-minute wait and got seated in 10 mins. Already a great start! It got better from there...wings are amazing. Simple and direct wings with a spicy, vinegary kick. Here's what I recommend: - BBQ (medium) - Regular (medium hot) - Beef on weck (it comes with a costanzo roll which is salted FYI) Add friendly and fast service to the mix and you can't beat Duff's! I can see why locals highly recommend this. Next time I'll try Anchor Bar, Duff's rival.
Awesome wings!  Best in town!  Be sure to eat in. The atmosphere makes the wings that much better!
My husband is a huge buffalo wing fan so on a quick trip through Buffalo we knew we needed to make a stop here. He loved the wings! There's not a whole lot else to say except that they lived up to the hype and he was a happy man when we left. If you're not a wing eater there aren't a lot of options. I was really hoping they'd have a buffalo chicken sandwich on the menu-- that would have been right up my alley, but no dice. Instead, I ordered a grilled cheese, which I think was made with Velveeta... it tasted delicious and was disgusting to think about all at the same time.
People are going to hate me for this review cause I know there are a lot of people who are fans of duffs. Duffs is good but not the best. I am a huge buffalo wings fan. I tried duffs 4 times now to test whether the problem is with me. I still feel if you like plain hot wings anchor bar is best and if you love a lot of variety like parmesan garlic or spicy garlic or Thai curry flavors then buffalo wild wings is the place but duffs does not fit either choice so I prefer anchor bar for classic wings and BWW for variety. However I must say that the fries at duffs is amazing; crispy and rightly salted and best of all no dirty oil flavor like any of the fast food chains.
Gotta have wings when I'm in town. Heard about Duff's so I thought I'd give it a try.  Wasn't disappointed. They weren't the best I've had, but pretty darn good! Service was great! Very attentive wait staff.
Duff's is really a mixed bag. The first few times I went there, the wings were tasty. Not too saucy, not too fried, delicious with the bowl of fries, reasonable prices and quick service. Recently, however, it's been different and not for the better. It's still good, but it does seem to be getting a little worse each time I go. The wings are indeed smaller, and I believe they try to cover up the poor shrunken chicken appendages with extra sauce. They gave us three measly baby carrot sticks with the plate and one piece of celery. Why should we pay extra for a few tiny chunks of carrots/celery? Would they charge you extra for ketchup at McDonald's? The fries were worse too, small and burnt. I think it's bad business to shirk on the quality of your premier product. I would much rather pay a few extra dollars to keep the quality high than have them cut corners a little at a time until it's one step up from the generic wings at any Crapplebee's or Pizza Hutt. I too have done the Duff's vs. Anchor Bar showown and Anchor Bar is seeming more and more the victor.
Arguably the best wings in Buffalo.  The wings, fingers and fries are always the same whether u eat in or take out.  No Ambience!  But that is fine,Mathis place has a neighborhood joint feel.  Beer, wine and soft drinks.  Love it
The fries are great! The wings so-so it's definitely gone down in quality over the years, it's a bit too saucy and the wings aren't as crispy anymore. Still not terrible but used to be better.
I was in Buffalo and had to try the best wings around, everyone recommended Duff's. Yummy, yummy, yummy. Perfect amount of meat on the bones and cooked to perfection. If you can handle heat don't take their recommendation. I told them I could handle spice and I wanted them hot. They recommended medium-hot and I was pretty disappointed by the lack of heat. I needed more and I had to order a side of death sauce... that was much better. And I didn't feel like death during or afterward.
Overall disappointed with the visit. Arrived around 5:45 PM. Had to wait 5-10 minutes...no problem. When we were called for our table it was like we were just a number. The friendliness lacked the entire visit. The facility is old and dirty, no paper towels in men's room. The wings were good, not the best I have had. The roast beef on Weck was great! Had to wait to get beer refills....I will pass next time I am in town.
the restaurant prides itself for having a long history but the food didn't really show anything to be proud of. i'm being extra harsh here because they are supposed to be THE place to get wings. I tried the medium hot and the hot wings. This summarizes my experience: WARNING! Medium IS SALTY  Medium Hot IS VERY SALTY  Hot IS VERY, VERY SALTY i might have been there on a bad day but this place was truly a disappointment. the wings were anything but hot. seemed like the level of 'hottness' was dependent on the amount of salt that went into the sauces.
Good wings, good location.
Awesome wings! Its like wing heaven here. We ordered the medium, medium hot and spicy BBQ and all were delicious. The wings came out promptly with crispy skin, piping hot with just the right amount of sauce. The fries are also surprisingly good dipped in extra wing sauce and blue cheese. They warn you that the medium is hot but its really not that spicy unless you have very sensitive taste buds. I highly recommend the spicy BBQ for its smokey thick sauce with just the right amount of spice. Note to new diners: the place looks like a dive inside and out. I was actually a bit uncomfortable my first time there because it looks so dumpy. Do not come here for ambiance, super amazing service or cleanliness. Just come for easily the best traditional style buffalo wings.
If it wasn't for reviews and guide books I'd never have thought to stop here or dare go in because you can't really see in the tinted windows and it looks suspiciously closed... Glad we did though! Clearly a popular place for wings and they were great. The staff were friendly and there were families, couples, groups of friends all rolling up their sleeves and eating wings.. A slightly messy but tasty experience. I'd recommend stopping by if visiting Buffalo.
We were driving through Buffalo for the first time and wanted some good wings so we googled it and found Duffs. The wings were excellent! We also ordered two sandwhiches which looked appetizing until i found a foot long hair sticking out the side. By seeing that we immediately lost our appetites. Our waitress handled it great and took care of our whole bill. Its a shame that one small thing can ruin a great meal.
This place was located in Amherst and it was the first Duff's Wings restaurant.  It's like any other college pubs, definitely not fancy at all.  In fact I felt like I was in a cafeteria.  However it didn't keep customers and tourists from driving all the way to this small little town and try out the wings. After almost 30 mins of waiting in line, we were finally given a table at 3pm.  We've ordered its daily special #2 - 20 wings (10 medium hot, 10 medium light) + large fries + large pitcher of pop.  Getting so hungry and excited, we quickly got a bite of the wings.   And the taste?  IT WAS SO SALTY AND SOUR!   My mom couldn't stand it so much that I had to order a turkey burger for her instead.  I kept thinking if it was a mistake that the wings were made that way. I asked the waitress and got her reply - the saltiness came from the sauce and they did not add any extra salt.  I looked at other customers eating happily around me, puzzled. So here it is, I've finally tried the authentic Buffalo wings in Buffalo, but I hated it.  I couldn't stand the saltiness and sourness.  My brother, on the other hand, loved the leftover wings I brought from the restaurant.  It's all personal taste after all. Final verdict:  I would stick to my honey garlic wings from now on.  So long, Duff's Wings!
One of the main places in Buffalo for wings. My only complaints are the occasional odd smells, the noise level, and the fact that their beer is not served in frozen or chilled glasses/mugs. With these things improved, the place would be perfect. Also... a little pricey. Expect to pay around $20-$30 a person if going there for dinner.
I am writing this after a month of experiencing Duff's wings and being generally disappointed with the signature dish at this restaurant. That it was hyped on the internet and in the establishment (with Obama pictures - is that a good thing nowadays?) only made me grimace once the stinging mouth sensation of the mild sauce I chose wore off. Background: I was on a long solo road trip hitting up the NY area from the north back to my native Chicago. A person dear to me instilled in me the fear of regretting not going to Niagara Falls if I was soooo damn close. Amherst/Buffalo was both on the route back to Chicago and near the famed falls. To taste wings in their folkloric heritage birthplace would be a super added bonus to a righteous trip on the highway. Anchor Bar was downtown; Duff's was right down the street from my hotel, literally. I could have walked there. But I didn't because I'm an American and God himself has given me the right to squander petroleum-based products while I am on vacay. The establishment itself is unimpressive -- a stucco nightmare left over from the late 70's/early 80's it seems. Inside, crowded as all get out; people had to move from inside at the head waiter's stand and the bar and the alcove to outside it was that crowded. I chose a Saturday early evening for my gustatory journey. I was by myself. This is probably why they did not want me to sit down at a table. The wait was 45 min to 1 hr to sit down. I chose the other option of just ordering out and waiting for my order in the said cramped confines of this joint. ONE HOUR AND 10 MINS LATER, my order of TEN, yes TEN, T---E---N wings and their merry accompaniment of some really good fries and bleu cheese sauce made their way into my hands. I didn't stick around the entire time, I went for a joyride to get to know the burbsof Buffalo. Interesting, to say the least. 50 mins later I asked the pretty blonde with the nice eyes and long face where my food was, "Not up yet, sorry," was the response. Anyway.... so I ate my chicken in the car -- it was raining and I didn't want to eat them in my hotel room. I took pictures and sent them to friends to confirm that I was eating history. I was met with jealousy and hate texts. But the thing is, the wings weren't that good! My lousy order of ten miserable wings in burn-the-paint-off-a-fire-hydrant mild sauce was so poor in quality that I thought I had been gypped. The chicken was old, it was dry, the wings were really small, the focus seemed to be of burning the customers' mouths with a acid/base combination. Nothing good came of it and the fries were the redeeming point once I put them in the generous tub of bleu cheese dressing and veggies. I found out that mass produced wings are not a good thing. Especially not at Duff's. I had a better wing in both Montreal and Chicago. Take that, Duff's.... Mr. or Mrs. Duff, you owe me 10 bucks.
During our roadtrip to see the B's Sabres we figured we'd have to stop at a wing place. Although there is much debate, it seems that many people see Duff's as one of the better wing places in the area. It certainly did not disappoint.  12:30PM on a Friday, and the place had almost all the tables filled for lunch. The service was nothing special, and the place is a dive for sure. Cheap decor, seating, tables, etc. Not complaining, I like restaurants that have this type of identity. I split the # 4 (20 wings, large fry, and a large pitcher) with my friend. We did the medium-hot, which was perfectly spicy for our tastes. A good amount of heat complemented with a vinegar bite, without numbing my entire mouth. The wings were heavily sauced, but retained a good crunch and did not get soggy when eaten. They were large, and certainly not the puny wings you will receive at other places.  I'm glad we tried the original Duff's, as others have not been as well received. We also tried the Duff's microbrew, which was just ok. Better than most of the other beer choices, at least. All in all, Duff's definitely hit the spot and was perfect for the experience I was looking for.  I'm glad I got to grab a bite at this reputable establishment.
I guess you could say "the wings are the thing" here.  I have had  Duff's wings at other locations and they are good.  This particular visit my friend didn't want wings and I didn't want to eat 10 by myself.  I usually get the beef on weck with 5 wings special that they have for lunch.  This visit was at 6:30 pm so that was not available.  I opted for the beef on weck and a side salad with their delicious blue cheese dressing.  My friend ordered a large salad with a grilled chicken breast on top.  Both salads were served together, hers missing the chicken.  The chicken was brought on a separate plate about 10 minutes later.  Ok.  The salads both had a lot of "brownish" pieces and my friend had to ask for a knife to cut her chicken up.  The waitress never came to ask how things were, ask for drink refills, she just disappeared.  I finally had to flag down another waitress to get my sandwich.  Another 15 minutes past.  Then we had to ask for the check.  I should have complained to someone, but no one was around.  Won't be going back to that location, service was terrible.  The decor of this place is also pretty tacky, I get its old and it has been there a long time but it needs a remodel.
Yeah, the medium was hot, but that's about it.  A few wings in I'm done.  For me, I found the wings too hard, and way too saucy.  Fries were alright.  It's a total university joint, lots of students cramming around little tables with mini pints.
Ate here when we were on vacation from Montana.  Let me tell you, I did not know what REAL wings tasted like until I ate here!  I've never cared for wings until this place.  Great prices and even better food! If we can travel back East again, this place is definitely worth making a special trip for!
Both famous chicken wing places were good but we liked anchor better...we thought Duffs wings were bigger but  too much sauce.you need alot of napkins... We had the Med hot the fire was good not smoken hot....anchor we got the same med hot .. They were about the same temp..but not near as over sauced  needed less napkins...and the bar is much bigger ...better fun we prefer anchor..   LA California
Duffs is located in a suburban area of NY and is very unassuming.  It looks like a hole in the wall on the outside and inside.  We were the first ones in the restaurant as I had a flight to catch. By the end of our meal, the dining room was packed. I ordered their wing special, 10 pieces with 2 sides, fries and chili.  We also ordered a beef on weck sandwich.  I had their own amber ale to drink, which wasn't bad and I'd recommend it. It went well with their food.   The chili: it was cold. The shredded cheese on top wouldn't melt even when mixed into the chili.  It also tasted like they didn't simmer it long enough for the flavor to permeate through the meat.  It had good meat and bean content.   The fries: shoestring cut, pretty good. Beef weck sandwich: Excellent.  The beef was moist, the bread was soft, and together they were delicious.  It was the best thing I ate there, which the below will explain why. The wings: The wings appeared slightly larger than Anchor Bar.  I ordered the hot because their menu touts that their 'hot' is really 'very, very hot', meaning 'very, very hotter' than the 'hot' sauces at other restaurants. What a mistake!!! The sauce was so salty and it wasn't any hotter than their competitors 'hot' sauces.  I should have asked to try their suicide sauce like I did at Anchor.  As if to give the illusion of spiciness, they also filled the bowl with enough sauce so the wings were floating in it.  My friend ordered the medium and hers were lightly coated. I poured out the overly salty sauce in the bones bucket they provide. The biggest shame was that their wings were of high quality.  I just made the mistake of choosing the wrong sauce based on their false 'hotness' level advertising.  I'm not knocking their wings. I'm knocking their 'hot' sauce.  When I perused the menu again, I noticed the "Frank's wing sauce" logo on it.  Gasp! They don't make their own sauce?! No wonder. The service: It wasn't very good.  We were the only ones there and when we received our food, there were 2 other tables with 2 people each.  The waitress checked on us once and took a while to come by to refill my friend's empty soda cup, which she placed on the edge of the table for easy access and viewing. The verdict: I like Anchor Bar's wings better, but I wonder if I'd change my mind if I chose their suicide sauce like I did at Anchor.  Although, Anchor's 'hot' sauce was pretty darn good and much better than Duff's. I gave both the same 4-star rating because there were pros and cons of each. I like that Duffs allows you to do half and half sauce.  Their celery was also bigger and crisper.  They also give you carrots and a much bigger portion of bleu cheese than Anchor.
I love coming to Duffs and I'm a kind of person who hardly ever eats wings, but this stuff is good! The first time I came here I tried their death wings with a friend of mine and after a couple of bites.. Tears.. And sweat.. Started to pour out. It definitely got me lightheaded! (And My friends know me for being crazy for the amount of spice I eat) The couple of visits after I tried their BBQ wings, although it is way too saucy for me it's definitely delicious. ( nothing a couple of napkins can't handle) I recently learned about their lunch special and it's such a steal ! Favorite place to eat ever since I've attended the university :-)
Having been to the Leaside location many times, I had to try the original during one of our Buffalo trips! The wings here are truly amazing. There are a couple of differences: the fries are much better in my opinion, thin and crispy, and the mild comes with no sauce at all. Large location, good for large parties, very busy, but good service.
This is my favorite place to get wings in Buffalo.  The place from the outside doesn't look like a restaurant at all. I would come here and order the medium wings. They're soo meaty and the fries are delicious. I usually order extra and pop the rest in the oven the next day and they're still just as good.
My husband is a huge buffalo wing fan so on a quick trip through Buffalo we knew we needed to make a stop here. He loved the wings! There's not a whole lot else to say except that they lived up to the hype and he was a happy man when we left. If you're not a wing eater there aren't a lot of options. I was really hoping they'd have a buffalo chicken sandwich on the menu-- that would have been right up my alley, but no dice. Instead, I ordered a grilled cheese, which I think was made with Velveeta... it tasted delicious and was disgusting to think about all at the same time.
knowing some locals that went to UB over there, I asked where can I get a real buffalo style wing place.  It was unanimously Duffs!  The place is unapologetically  a wing and beer place like god intended it to be.  The bathroom is the size of a small closet and not very nice, and the place is ancient looking.  I brought 15 people in and it was packed there, but we were seated within 15 mins!  In the meantime we were drinking beers @2.50 a pop.  AWESOME. So we sit down, and this place is massively cheap.  When they say fries, well you get a bowl of fries which is huge so watch out.  They have all signs saying the hot sauce is hot, but it really was not bad at all but I love hot foods.  we had 1 table of 10 and another of 5 and with plenty of pitchers flowing, and our stomachs exploding with food, the bill came out to $100!  so for value, you cannot beat this place. There are people on here rating this place low cause they are anchor bar fan boys, but come on, you cannot say this place sucks.   And for people looking for a fine restaurant, forget about it!  I loved it there, and I would recommend to anyone in the area.
I MISS DUFFS!  As a UB student I would go here maybe once a week and take out from here once a week haha.  The wings are the perfect ratio of crispyness to saucyness and the bar-b-que sauce on their wings is the best i've tasted.  The fries are shoe-string and crispy and the blue cheese is chunky and delicious.  I recommend dipping the bbq wing in the blue cheese - perfect combo of sweet tang and cheesey goodness.  I have considered flying to buffalo just for these wings!
Overall disappointed with the visit. Arrived around 5:45 PM. Had to wait 5-10 minutes...no problem. When we were called for our table it was like we were just a number. The friendliness lacked the entire visit. The facility is old and dirty, no paper towels in men's room. The wings were good, not the best I have had. The roast beef on Weck was great! Had to wait to get beer refills....I will pass next time I am in town.
This is the favorite of our Buffalonian friends.  The wait was an hour and a half to eat in, so we brought it back to their house (ready in about 15 minutes.)  Crispy yet sopping wings in varying degree of hotness (the hottest is *very* hot), along with barbecue, which has soothing sweetness.  Served with fries, carrots, celery, and blue cheese dip. Wash it down with a case of Molson Canadian.
My favorite wings in Buffalo....but go early cause it gets really busy (every day). Get the frys and gravy too! People who go here for the "ambiance" are either confused or from out of town as it hasn't changed in 50 years.
Not horrible, but for all the hype, I expected these wings to change my life!  I found the sauce to be too "standard" for all the rave reviews I've gotten about this place.  Basically, it just tasted like Frank's Red Hot to me.   Again, not the worst wings I've ever had, but not nearly the best either.   The service was also sub-par I'm sorry to say.   I was only in Buffalo for business, as usual, and I got a few weird looks from patrons and staff because I was a bit over-dressed for the place.  But, hey, I only saw this place on my way to the airport right after a business meeting.  I'm not gonna change into jeans and t-shirt just to make the patrons and wait-staff feel comfortable! I'll stick to the other place.  (Won't say the name so nobody accuses me of working for them, lol)
If you're craving wings or beef on weck, look no further -- Duff's will give you what you're craving, and make sure it's done right. If you're looking for a great lunch special, again, look no further. Duff's lunch special is served daily from 11am-4pm. For the very reasonable price of $9.95, you get 10 wings (or a cheeseburger) and two sides. The sides include choices of: salad, chili, and french fries. I tend to get the chili and fries and end up taking the wings home for later (they actually re-heat well!). In addition to awesome food, the service is always wonderful. The wait staff is friendly, efficient, and eager to please. And this my friends is why I've gone back again and again! If you haven't tried Duff's yet, be sure to do -- you're in for a filling, tasty meal! (And don't forget! Be sure to try the wings and beef on weck!)
When you come to buffalo you have to check out Duffs!! Their wings are the best in the area and you can't just have one!!
The smell when you drive up to this place is gross. Think three day old fryer oil being stuffed into your nostrils. If you didnt know any better you'd say the building is a 4th string stripper joint. Then you walk in and sit at tables that look like they were stollen from a VFW hall and order a pitcher of whatever water Canadians call beer these days. Forget all that because next your wings come and they're prefect - the best you can get in Buffalo.
Last year I was on this buffalo wing kick.  I had to get some wings when I was out in Buffalo.  I needed to pick a place to try.  It was close pick between Anchor Bar and Duff's. The wings at Duff's are really good.  The sauces are really pungent also.  They have warnings that Medium is Hot and it just gets worse from there.  The locals are really serious about their buffalo sauce.  I saw the table next to me dipping celery sticks in the buffalo sauce.  DANG!!!  The blue cheese dressing that comes with it is really good too.  A nice creamy sauce to cool you down from all the wing sauce that the wings are drenched in. Too bad you can't substitute onion rings for the fries in their combos.
Well just ate at Duffs, wings are Ok.  So my vote goes to Anchor... Much better wings.
These are the best. When traveling to Buffalo, don't go without trying Duff's wings. They have multiple locations, the one in Amherst (original) is the best, and the one near the Bills stadium is pretty good too. The Anchor Bar is the inventor of wings, but I like Duff's a lot better. Great shoestring fries, too.
we ordered the chicken wings..i ordered the bbq..medium light and mild..the taste was okay..the staff are very friendly.. CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
Duffs -- I wanted to love you after reading your reviews.  Wings are great (not as good as Anchor Bar, but still tasty).   Beef on weck is so so.   Too much salt and no au jus?  The no dip was the part that pained me.  Unfortunately next time I am in town I will be returning to Anchor Bar for my wing fix......
love the mild spicy wings. Would go again!
I base this review on my fellow diners' experience.   They loved the wings. I however being a veggie person ordered the veggie burger and fries with a side of suicidal wing sauce.  The veggie burger was great!  Tasted like a jimmy dean sausage.  (yes I still love the taste of meat even though I don't eat it).   The suicidal was not as hot as I expected... but probably would feel hotter were I eating gobs of wings doused in the sauce!
I've been here once with a bunch of friends while I was in the area, cause you gotta try Buffalo Wings when you're in Buffalo, it's just something you should do.  It was really, really good.  But also really, really spicy.  I love spicy food and have a pretty high tolerance, but I knew that ordering the Death or Suicide wings wouldn't be a good idea, so I stuck with the Hot wings so that I can actually enjoy the flavor, lol.  While I was in the bathroom, one of my friends put some of his Death sauce on one of my wings.  I knew immediately when I came back because it was a very distinct red from the original sauce that came with my wings.  He tried to trick me, but I knew what he was up to.  I humored my friends and ate the wing and it was delicious.  Then I walked coolly to the bathroom to wash my tongue while tears were streaming down my cheeks.  Totally worth it.
Another famous chicken wing spot in the Buffalo area, Duff's is often pitted against Anchor Bar for the title of "Best Wings".  They've been serving out wings since 1969.  I brought my cousin along who had just moved to the area and clearly had no idea what good food was.  In the words of Kevin Hart from his comedy special Laugh At My Pain....."You gon learn today"!   Located just outside the city limits in the suburb of Amherst, Duff's is found in a small and non-descript building.  Once inside, the environment is clean and the decor is quite basic.  Service is good as the waitress was pleasant and comes around at the right times to check on things.   On to main order of business:  THE FOOD!  I got a double order of medium buffalo wings and a large order of fries.  Do I have to say what I had to drink???  Loganberry juice, ummm.....HELLO!!   The wings were nice sized and fried to golden crisp.  In fact, they may have been a tad bit overdone.  The wings were meaty but chewy as the skin left a little something to be desired for me.  The medium Duff's sauce offered a nice kick but was not overwhelming.  Good wings but greatness in Buffalo is only achieved by the perfect wing.   Ironically, it's the fries that stole the show for me.  They were like shoestring fries that had the perfect crisp along with just the right amount of seasoning.  I could not stop eating them!  That actually worked out well because my cousin went beast mode on those wings.  He was working so hard that I think he even ate a couple of bones!  Dang dude, slow down! The bill was reasonable for the meal; double order of wings, large fries and drinks comes to about $25.00.   In the Anchor Bar vs. Duff's wing battle, my vote goes to Anchor Bar.  For out of towners, you really can't go wrong with either one because wings are a religion in Buffalo so chances are they'll be better than any other wings you've had.  If you're feeling adventureous though and willing to venuture to some local spots in the city, you can do better with Bob and John's and Franco's.  YUM!
Obviously when you think of chicken wings in Buffalo, Duffs is one of the many places that serves up some wings that we have learned to love growing up. I go here mostly during the lunch hour with friends because they have a KILLER lunch special. I mean, can you really beat a single order of wings and two sides for $12? Although Duffs is great and has become a wonderful tourist stop for people coming to Buffalo in their travels, personally, it has lost some of its luster over the years. I only go to Duffs now when its convenient or when people from out of town want to go. Okay okay, yes, the wings are good (like every other place in Buffalo), but what sets them apart is the types of sauces they offer. Anything from mild to suicide! For some people medium (which is their HOT) is too much so they offer different variation of mild and medium sauces which is nice. I can't argue with the reputation that Duffs has built over its many years of service, but check it out for yourself and you can be the judge!!!
Since I was in Buffalo for a work trip and I'm a huge chicken wings fan, thought I would give this town where the authentic buffalo wings are a try. My coworker did some extensive research on yelp and located Duff's as the destination to be. Gotta say we were both a little concerned when we rolled up to the parking lot. This place definitely looked like a adult entertainment club from the exterior with its tinted windows and off-colored wall. We both though about turning around but decided to trust the loyal yelp reviewers in the end. Thanks God for yelp! As soon as we walked in, we instantly loved the vibe with its hole-in-wall feel. The place was absolutely packed with the local college kids on a simple Monday night. We had to wait a good 30 min for a table for two. Then I discovered that they had a good ol' Canadian Labatt Blue on tap. Boy did I love this place already. After we finally sat down, we decided to share 30 wings (10 mild, 10 mild-medium, and 10 medium) with a large order of fries. We certainly didn't expect the size of the wings to be that big when they arrived. The wings were VERY good. Even the medium flavor got quite a kick to it and I was working up a sweat towards the end. Unfortunately, we were both quite weak and we couldn't even finish the wings nor the wings between the two of us. It was quite a pathetic performance on our behalves. Nevertheless, I'll definitely go back to this place again if I'm ever in town. You know what they say - anytime you get to drink a cold pint of Canadian beer with a plate of hot wings, you just gotta do it!
I'm a fan of wings, but Duff's doesn't live up to the hype. I've been there several times and each time the wings weren't crispy, the sauce was basically dropped onto the wings instead of the wings tossed within the sauce and the bleu cheese is not good. I will even go as far as saying the McDonald Mighty Wings were by far, better than Duff's. Also, why would you have a menu with items that you can only order in Canada? The garlic honey wings sound delicious...
Duff's wings are hands dowm my favorite in Buffalo.  When people are looking for the best, I always make sure to direct them to Duff's instead of Anchor Bar for a variety of reasons. I know this is the original location, but I usually prefer going to the one on Dick Road for a variety of reasons. About this location: Pros: The combo meals are a great thing to share with dining companions.  They include pitchers of either beer or pop, wings and fries.  If you do the combo, my suggestion is to get beer because there are no refills on the pitchers of pop (but there are on glasses of pop).   If you prefer your wings to be crisp, make sure you let your server know you want them crispy.  They are great about splitting orders so one diner can have a different sauce, crispy (or not), etc. Cons:   This location is ALWAYS crowded.  I've gone at early lunch time (11:00ish), early dinner (4:00), later in the evening (7:00) and have always had to wait for a table.   They won't seat incomplete parties, so make sure everyone gets there before your name is called.  I was once there with a group from work and we got bumped since we were still wating on one person. Service can be a little slow because of how crowded it is but they are generally pretty responsive. It can get REALLY loud in there, especially if there are one or two larger parties. Overall: If you are looking for fantastic wings and great sauce, go to Duff's!  But unless you really want to go to the original location, are right in the area or really enjoy crowds and waiting, visit one of the other locations.
best wings i've had so far. although this was the only thing i counted as an 'authentic' buffalo experiance while visiting - unless you count being couped up from the cold winter getting piss drunk in my friends parents basement. - Oh and checking out the thrift store and TJ Maxx. but the wings. they have a particular hot&distinct sauce that differs from eating other wings from somewhere else. Just had the medium hot and after sharing a bucket of 30 or so wings trying anything hotter would be plain ridiculous.
This place is amazing, I typically order-out because I get a ton of wings and eat them over the course of a couple days. I always get a mix of hot, medium, and hot BBQ.  I love spicy foods but eating a ton of them hot and they loose all their flavor.  I think the Hot BBQ are my favorite. Staff is always friendly for the short time that I'm in the place for pick up.
Very much agree that this is 4/5 stars. The wings were excellent as was the service and ambiance. I love spicy and they have just about any level of that you want here. I also had to try the Duff's beer. It's fairly hoppy and reminded me of a mild IPA. Decent, decent. I'll be back.
Best wings and micro-brew I had while living in Buffalo for 3 years! Need I say more.
Visiting Buffalo, NY will not be complete without trying Buffalo Chicken Wings. I mean, this is where it started! The local war seems to be between Anchor Bar & Duffs for the #1 wing. I haven't tried Anchor's wings yet but I went with my fellow Yelper's recommendations and tried Duffs. The place itself is very lowkey. It almost looks like a college bar when you first walk in with a slightly larger room with chairs and tables. We went on Friday night and it was moderately packed with almost all the table being occupied by other wing fanatics. We ended up doing the 20 wings + Fries + 1 pitcher of pop deal for around $24 I think. We split our order so we got half of the wings in hot sauce and the other half in BBQ Hot flavor. As soon as it hit our table, we knew we were in the right place because the wings were still steaming! The verdict on the wings: pretty good! The hot sauce however wasn't very hot at all. There are clear signs that the Hot sauce is pretty damn hot but it was nowhere close. The BBQ Hot was pretty good too. We ended dunking the BBQ flavored wings in with the hot sauce for a really interesting flavor. All in all, I really enjoyed Duff's. Hopefully I'll get to try another wing joint before I have to leave town in a few days.
Wanting to try buffalo wings in buffalo, NY this place showed up on the search results. Buffalo wild wings is better than wingstop and both are better than duff's. All 3 Have similar style of cooking and saucing their wings by first deep frying them then drenching them in sauce. Their large fries is bigger than a super size at mcdonalds. Also came with carrots and celery sticks. We got hot bbq, medium and hot. Medium is equal to hot while hot is very hot. The menu says it and its true so you have been warned. Of the 3, the hot bbq was the most enjoyable. The prices nearly averaged $1 per wing which isnt worth it when I can get a better value and taste at buffalo wild wings. I would pass on this place.
This is not one of the first establishments for buffalo wings (Anchor Bar takes the credit for this) but a Buffalo local recommended it. I was not disappointed.
50 wings with hot sauce were dust dry, definitely not worth the 5 hr drive. Soaked wth sauce that was more vinegar than sauce. Tried to eat  them with my guest but threw 20 away. No stars have had better frozen wings. Just bad!
We were in town visiting the guy's family and decided to stop in for lunch. I LOVE chicken wings and he said that this place would be one of the better places to go in the land of buffalo wings. I got the lunch special, chicken wings with two sides. I got fries and chilli. He got some sandwich and mozzarella sticks. Mmm cheese-sticks. Ok, anyways, they give you a massive amount of food for a very reasonable price. Chicken wings were def good. We would go back but I need to continue my quest for the best chicken wings.
My mouth is watering right now just writing this review.  I went here back in the summertime when I went to Buff to visit my friend.  We went midday and the place was definitely packed but the wait wasn't that long.  I was certain that these wings were overrated and going to be average but of course my ass was wrong.  I forgot which meal we ordered but the wings were extra crispy and so damn good. I was trying not to act ignant because the closest thing in Rochester to this is not Distillery but Anchor bar.  I would definitely come here again and again and again....
Great wings. Crispy, savory, meaty wings. Terrific service..our waitress was so friendly. The place was full of happy, upbeat people. The whole ambiance Of the place made me fell at home in this tiny restaurant. This is the best wing place in Buffalo!
This place is a well oiled chicken dealing machine; highly organized, efficient, and seasoned Duff's is what all chicken wing places strive to be. I wandered up to Buffalo mainly to search out cool junk and eat the food of the native people and the latter definitely panned out, the food was awesome. When we walked into the place it was packed, I thought we'd never get a seat but the majority of the folks looming around were take out orders. This place is extremely popular and for good reason. Don't be scared of a wait, like I said, they are efficient and very fast at serving and turn around. If you're in the area give Duff's a try, it's really the only thing worth a damn in Buffalo as far as I could tell. Details: -The servers shirts say the medium are hot, the medium hot are hot-hot, and the hot are supposed to be crazy hot. So someone who eats spicy and hot food don't be scared of the hot wings, they are great with a really delicious heat. Beware though, Buffalo wings have a lot of vinegar in them so there is a tangyness too. -Parking can be a hassle. -A large pitcher is 4 beers, the small is 2. -Tip your waitress.
Simply The Best!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
I have been coming here for years. The wings, although not quite what  they were when Ronnie was in the kitchen full time, are still a helluva lot better than the crap Anchor Bar puts out. The service is good and the portions are large. The only really "bad" things would be the size, which is kind of limited by the building size and the parcel of land, which allows no real room for expansion. The floors need to be redone, after years of buildup on them. Other than that, if you want a good sized order of wings and a heaping bowl full of fries, this is the place for you. My mouth is already watering with anticipation of the wings I will be having for lunch today.
My fam and I had just concluded our vacation in Canada, and two things crossed my mind: the grueling 7-hour long drive back home to Boston (ugh) and what's for lunch on the way. I knew stopping at another Roy Rogers would be suicidal. *light bulb moment* We're going to pass through Buffalo, NY aka. where buffalo wings originated from! Phoned a friend/local for details and she recommended Duff's. The wings were bomb! Crispy skin, just enough batter, meaty, equal amount of drums/flats, and amazing hot sauces. I can't look at other buffalo wings the same anymore. There were several hot sauce options...a bit overwhelming. Apparently, medium = hot... and hot = very hot?? Then there's mild and light. We ordered mild-medium, medium-light, and medium. There were slight differences between them. If you prefer more crisp/less sauce, then go with mild-medium. Also, the fries tasted like McDonald's! No complaints here. Thanks to Duff's, the long ride home wasn't so bad after all.
I don't get all the haters.  Maybe it's that I don't get wings all that often - like once a year.  But when I have them I want them to be damn good.  And Duff's didn't disappoint.   Had driven all the way from Albany to see a show at the University at Buffalo, and this was our warm-up.  We got there a bit early, grabbed a few pints of their namesake brew and waited in the bar area.  It took a little longer than we were told to be seated, but it was packed so no biggy.  After we sat down we were served promptly, but they didn't rush us after we'd finished our wings and wanted a couple minutes to finish the pitcher (of more Duff's of course).  Everyone in our party LOVED the wings, and the fries were definitely respectable.  The wings, though... perfectly crispy, deliciously juicy on the inside, the sauce exactly as spicy as advertised and lots of it.   I don't know - to me this is everything I could hope for in a wing place.  And it's an easy jaunt off the Thruway, so that makes it possible to make a once annual pilgrimage to get the real thing. I've been to the Anchor Bar a while back and remembered having great wings.  I just like the fact that Duff's is all wings and only wings.  And they're not ashamed of it.  I love the 70s/80s look of the place as well - just feels like you're really in Buffalo.  So yeah, five stars all the way.
Come here to eat bucket of vinegar.
I was a vegetarian forever, and now I live in Phoenix, so I had to get wings at Duff's when I came back to Buffalo for a visit.  Seriously, I want to go back to all of my reviews of places in Phoenix and knock off one star since there isn't anything better than five stars. I asked for my wings hot and with no other instructions I got PERFECT WINGS.  They were cooked until crispy, not left squishy and undercooked like most restaurants (in Phoenix) do unless you specifically say crispy.  Then they were drowned in a huge puddle of a Frank's-based sauce that was actually hot, not just a little spicy. This place is small and busy so be prepared to wait a little, but it is sooooo worth it.
Excellent wings! They have a lunch special that comes with 2 sides and their portions are very large!  I always leave with leftovers.  Buy their bottled hot sauce.  It's good on anything!
Came here on a Buffalo food crawl, and most importantly to test this Anchor Bar vs Duff's rivalry.  Made it in time to order the lunch special (available from11-4): 5 wings and a side for $7.50. Got the wings Medium, fries, and a Duff's micro brew on the side.   As their shirts say here, they don't mess around with heat.  Medium here is most other wing joints' hot.  The wings were delicious, soaked in hot sauce, and definitely superior to the Anchor Bar.  That said, they didn't quite live up to the hype of the best wings ever (which is probably held by places that have figured out the smoking/grilled at the end combination). Very friendly service, reasonable prices, and cozy atmosphere.
Nobody prepares or serves wings like Duff's. The sauce is so simple, and so perfect. The cayenne pepper flavor of Frank's improved and coated onto your wings. The hot wings are served in a salad bowl of sauce - unique and amazing. The fries are thin cut and crispy, complimenting the sauce. Go ahead, dip them. I also recommend a light beer to help manage the heat, but leaving room for wings and fries. Drink water to replace the fluids lost to perspiration. The decor is minimal, but everyone at Duff's is focused on one thing only. Eat here and enjoy.   Busiest times: Holiday weekends, most Friday nights, before hockey games. But the wait is usually not bad and they have Centipede.
Hands down, the best wings on the planet! I grew up on these things and while it's not hard to get good wings in Buffalo, you go to Duffs to get truly great wings.
Duff's serves the wings I can't get enough of -- crispy and coated in one of their delicious sauces.  My mouth waters whenever I think about going there!
Every time I am in Buffalo, I feel the need to visit Duff's.  Best wings I have ever had.  People who make wings in Ohio really need to take a field trip to this place and check it out.  I think they could learn a thing or two. I tend to end up at Duff's with a large group of people, and it has never been a problem.  There are always ways to seat us, and food arrives extremely quickly. I've only been here a few times, but I have yet to be disappointed.  I plan on stuffing my face at Duff's again in the future.
The best wings anywhere period.
If you are stopping through Buffalo, NY and are in need for some authentic wings Duff's is definitely the place to go! I have been here numerous amount of times since moving here and have never been let down.  The menu consists of a few other items that I can't say I've tried (or ever will).  The place is a hole in the wall that somewhat resembles the basement of a house.  The staff is young.  The bar is small.  But all in all the wings are delicious.  They come out super fast and still smoking hot from the frier.  You have a list of sauce heats to choose from.  They abide by the rules that their temperatures are underestimating the really "hotness" of their wings but I am a regular to the hot hot wings-- which, mind you, don't even make me sweat.  I've been working my way up the ladder since moving here and I think on my next venture to Duff's I might even try the suicide wings to take a real risk! I'm not walking around saying these are the end-all wings of the world but they are damn good and reasonably priced.  Try them out but don't forget the other little gems of Buffalo that didn't create Buffalo wings are you won't be let down either!
After hearing about Buffalo Wings for many years, I finally had to go where the Buffalo roam. That is in the Buffalo area to track down some of the best there is. Duff's Famous Wings is the place to-go. As I was invited to this place by a local friend, I was in good hands. We order 20 mild and 20 medium hot Buffalo Wings. The chicken was crispy and meat drumettes and wings. Wow, I was impress how good these were even without the sauce for the mild ones. The medium ones were spicy, but not enough for me. I should had gotten the next level. The place is always packed as I was told, and waiting could be a bit long for large groups.
Best wings. I have been eating here for about three years. I have Duff's at least once a week. I stick to the suicide wings. Also the fries and blue cheese rock.
When ever I return to Buffalo this is the first place I try. I like mild-med the best! The fries are also really good!
We can nitpick about who has better wings for the rest of our lives, but to put it simply, my opinion on Duff's that they ARE great wings, but they use too much sauce sometimes and they can get soggy. There's always nice and big though and have lots of meat. Mmmmm.
Duff's is basically Buffalo in a nutshell.  It looks shitty and theres fat people everywhere. However, that is not whats important.  The food here is actually bomb, so bomb in fact, that I'm spending the time to write this.  Although the BBQ wing is basically a whole bottle of sweet baby ray's sloppily dumped onto chicken wings, the buffalo style hot wing is not only crispy, yet succulent and tender.  If you want tradition, go to the anchor bar, but if you want cheap food and fat people in Bills apparel- Duff's is for you.
When in Buffalo ... You gotta visit the home of the wings.  It's a must do and Duff's is the place.  Piping hot wings from the kitchen.  Beware Medium = hot.  Tastes, moist, and lathered with sauce.
No extra frills. Just amazing wings, sauce and fries. Best wings in Buffalo. A staple for locals or anyone visiting. Tip, if you go on a week night, you can avoid the mass wait. When I graduate, I'll probably miss Duff's the most :(
While this place has legit wings, they are, unfortunately, not my favorite of all time. What you have probably read about the ambiance and setting of this place is right. It's in the suburbs and is very dated and a little grimy. Still, for the food you are going to order I thought that the restaurant was rather charming. The menu is mostly limited to the wing's and burgers. They do have combo meals which are a pretty good value. My buddy and I got the #4, 20 wings, large fries, and a picture of beer, all for $23. We split the spicyness (is that not a word?) of the wings. He got 10 hot and I got 10 mild. The menu warns you that the mild are really hot and the hot are really very hot. This disclaimer is definitely accurate. The wings had a very distinct sauce and definitely turned my pale skin red and opened my pores, letting the perspiration fly. Overall they were very delicious. The fries and beer were an excellent compliment. Still, although everyone sweats Duff's, I personally think they are above average, but not the best. Still this place definitely gets my recommendation.
Don't kid yourself, you don't know Buffalo until you have tried Duffs. Their wings are saucier,bigger, juicer and tastier than any other wing in Buffalo, but beware these suckers are HOT HOT HOT. The mild wings are medium by most conventional standards.
When in Buffalo ... You gotta visit the home of the wings.  It's a must do and Duff's is the place.  Piping hot wings from the kitchen.  Beware Medium = hot.  Tastes, moist, and lathered with sauce.
Granted, I'm not from Buffalo, but this beats every buffalo wing I've had. (I prefer boneless, so I'd take that over these, but these were terrific and worth the disgusting mess left on my face and hands.) It's a dive, to be sure, but worth a visit.
Duff's is king of the wing in WNY.  I've never been a Duff's or Anchor Bar dude, even though I've lived in the area for my entire life.  I usually opt for the diamonds in the rough - the lesser-known establishments who give their own spin on Buffalo's big ticket item.   That being said - I found myself waiting for a table at Duff's yesterday with two old buddies who were in town visiting.   We waited about 30 minutes for a table on a Sunday afternoon... so one could imagine the wait on a Friday or Saturday night.  But good things come to those who wait, right? My only issue with the wait is that there isn't a ton of room at this location.  There's a small bar and about a closet-sized area to stand.  Plenty of room outside to hang out, but only two picnic tables to sit.  They could definitely use an expansion, but the location provides few options to do so.  It's probably better just to call ahead and get take out, forgoing the "total Duff's experience." But if time isn't an issue and you don't mind waiting while that smell of awesome constantly teases your nostrils, then give the dining room a try.  The menu is  pretty small... besides the wings you have a few sandwich and burger options, but that's it.  You didn't come here for a club sandwich! The wings are huge and juicy.  We ordered 20 hot and 10 BBQ.  The hot wings had a nice kick to them, but didn't induce too much sweat.  You're able to savor the flavor, instead of worrying about who's gonna grab that last piece of celery to cool the mouth afterwards.  The BBQ wings were good, not great.  I was expecting alittle more in the flavor department.  A nice char would've been nice too.  Seemed like they went from the fryer right into a bath of Open Pit sauce, which is fine - but too common in WNY. The bar serves a handful of beers - pretty much your standard domestics, and Canadian offerings.  We tried Duff's homemade craft beer.  Our waitress told us it's "like a Sam Adams." Our waitress was dead wrong - but she didn't seem like a big beer connoisseur in the first place, so shame on us for trusting her. Overall, just like Niagara Falls, you really do need to go to Duff's at least once on your swing through Western New York.  If you live here like I do, it's a treat to stop by when friends/family are in town.
WAY better than Anchor bar. They don't overextend themselves with a sub-par menu of additional bar foods (like Anchor bar does), and their bleu cheese is delicious. The place is a little janky, but I prefer taste over atmosphere.
How can I be in Buffalo and not have Buffalo wings? We really only passed by the city, and I knew that I simply had to check out West Side Bazaar and what they are offering there. I am unfortunately not blessed with a big stomach, so I was already full after I have had great Sudanese fare. But how can I be in Buffalo and not have Buffalo wings? It is purely and simply unacceptable. So despite being full and the limited time, I did a quick search for great wings and found Duff's. We ordered the wings to go: 20 pieces and medium spicy. It was a great move on our part as it was quite crowded when we made it there at around 6 PM. While I was paying for my order, I overheard the hostess telling the people behind me that the wait to be seated is about 45 minutes. Once in the car, I had to simply have a wing already. The smell was so mouthwatering and we all know that wings are best when freshly cooked. So what if I am full to bursting? And after the first bite, I fully understood the buzz about this place. The chicken was perfectly cooked: the skin was crispy yet the meat was still tender (something that is always tricky for me when I try to do this at home). The medium spicy was perfect as well for spice lover me and the none-too-spicy palates of my family. The sauce had a great balance of spices. I really was so sorry that I did not have enough room to eat as much as I wanted. But I would be back for more if I were back in the area.
Sure, they're good wings.  Definitely better than the Anchor Bar. But really, in Erie, PA wings like these are a dime a dozen. I may go back next time that I'm in Buffalo and I'll enjoy them, but they're way too overpriced for wings that in Erie would only be considered mediocre.
Back and forth, back and forth. Do we go to Duff's while passing through Buffalo, or grab brunch and hightail it out if town?  I don't imagine I'll be back to Buffalo any time soon, so Duff's it was.  Based the decision on local Buffalo friends' suggestions. The place? A total dive.  The service? Meh.  The local brew? Ok. Loganberry? Is it juice? Soda? (excuse me, pop?) Way too sweet.  The wings? Oh yes, the wings. I am normally not a wing person; usually, it's too much work for not enough payoff.  At Duff's, you get a mighty wing.  I wimped out on the sauce and def could have gotten the medium.  Locals next to me suggested getting them extra crispy.  Bleu cheese was very tasty.  Skip the fries, below average. My mom was not a fan of the weck of beef on weck fame - way too salty. And my 22 yo sister enjoyed her grilled cheese, thank you very much.
This was the first restaurant I went to in Buffalo and I didn't think much of it.  I've never been to Anchor Bar but I'm interested in testing out the difference between the two.  It might just be me but it seems like the appeal is just based on hot hot the sauce is and how anyone can taste chicken after that is beyond me.
How can I be in Buffalo and not have Buffalo wings? We really only passed by the city, and I knew that I simply had to check out West Side Bazaar and what they are offering there. I am unfortunately not blessed with a big stomach, so I was already full after I have had great Sudanese fare. But how can I be in Buffalo and not have Buffalo wings? It is purely and simply unacceptable. So despite being full and the limited time, I did a quick search for great wings and found Duff's. We ordered the wings to go: 20 pieces and medium spicy. It was a great move on our part as it was quite crowded when we made it there at around 6 PM. While I was paying for my order, I overheard the hostess telling the people behind me that the wait to be seated is about 45 minutes. Once in the car, I had to simply have a wing already. The smell was so mouthwatering and we all know that wings are best when freshly cooked. So what if I am full to bursting? And after the first bite, I fully understood the buzz about this place. The chicken was perfectly cooked: the skin was crispy yet the meat was still tender (something that is always tricky for me when I try to do this at home). The medium spicy was perfect as well for spice lover me and the none-too-spicy palates of my family. The sauce had a great balance of spices. I really was so sorry that I did not have enough room to eat as much as I wanted. But I would be back for more if I were back in the area.
If you are looking for the greatest wings on the face of the planet, then look no further than Duff's. The Duff's experience: You enter a dimly lit establishment with two and a half rooms and the pervading smell of wings and Frank's hot sauce. As you enter, you immediately hit a bar taking up 50% of the real estate in one room, with a grainy 19" TV before turning the corner and entering a time warp. Is it 1960? 1980? 1990? Did I sit at this same table, in the same chair, in the mid-80's as I watched my father drink the extra hot sauce (not called 'suicide' at the time) on a $10 bet with one of his friends? Perhaps, and that's part of what gives Duff's its charm. There are three categories that a fine establishment must meet to be considered the best of the best in serving chicken wings: Category 1: Is the wing plump and juicy? To qualify to pass this round, the establishment can't serve up the Tyson-style wings that you get in your grocer's freezer - you know the kind - completely devoid of meat and lacking in the proper skin-to-meat ratio. At Duff's, very very rarely do you get the lone underdeveloped wing - 99% of the time you get the real deal - a thick, plump meaty mass of chicken goodness. Category 2: When you bite into the wing, is there a subtle crunch-like effect? Establishments passing this round of testing have proved their mettle in not over-cooking their wings (resulting in a shriveled up crunchy wing-like product), and they also supply enough Buffalo-style hot sauce that the wing doesn't wilt under the added sauciness, resulting in a wing that is soggy and soft. Duff's excels in this category with giving you a perfectly cooked wing, EVERY SINGLE TIME. This is an extraordinarily rare feat and I have experienced the quality and consistency of their properly cooked wings for over two decades. Having eaten here well over 100 times, I cannot remember one instance when the wing wasn't absolutely perfect. Category 3: Wing-taste-to-sauce-ratio. The often overlooked category and the hardest to overcome in a wing taste test. This category is where the true winners of the best wing contests stand out. The proper hot sauce, coupled with the just right portion, should leave you with a wing that doesn't leave you gasping for air (spicy, but not "mean spicy", just tasty spicy is what we are going for here). Many establishments can get categories 1 and 2 correct, but they fail miserably on category 3. This is the category where Duff's excels beyond every single other wing produced in the world. Words can't possibly do their sauces justice. I for one love very spicy food and their Suicide wing sauce should be enshrined in the Smithsonian - it is, beyond a doubt, a true master work that has many many many imitators, but absolutely no one in the industry who comes remotely close to matching the spice-to-taste ratio that the Suicide sauce encompasses. Aside from all of this goodness, you get the CORRECT portion of celery, bleu cheese, and carrots to accompany your wings - large pieces of vegetable, and a large cup of blue cheese, all at NO EXTRA CHARGE. Take note all you imitators - do not serve skimpy celery-and-carrot-sticks-in-a-pack with a separate 'remove foil' type bleu cheese with what you call 'Buffalo wings' and then charge extra for it. That's preposterous and insulting. The Duff's way is the standard, with no nickel and dime-ing to be had here - the veggies and bleu cheese come with the wings, in sufficiently large quantities, as it should. Do you have to wait on a typical night to get a table? Absolutely. Is the restaurant typically a bit noisy on the whole? Absolutely. Is the service hit and miss? Actually not - the service is consistently top notch, even on busy nights - they know how to flip tables here without making you feel like you're taking up valuable space or taking too long to finish eating. Will you be spoiled after eating at Duff's and never look at a wing the same way again? Unfortunately, yes. There is no other wing that compares, and beware - once you eat wings here, there is no going back.
If you like nice, clean, and modern digs to go with your dining don't visit this Duff's location. However, you aren't at Duff's to get a bottle of Veuve to go with your crispy/saucy chicken meat and fat on sticks are you? Hence the 3 stars. Duff's does good wings, and in my mind far better than the Anchor bar (at least the downtown location - the airport location is pretty solid, if standard) Not sure about getting regularly sauced wings tho, unless you prefer a really heavy dosing. I go for the light, and for me its just right. A solid wing place for Buffalo, but pretty much a paragon for the rest of the country. You would be surprised how hard it is to find a good, true Buffalo wing outside of western NY!
I luv Duffs wings--the best in Buffalo!  The wings are super crispy, just the way I like them.  I always get the Mild Medium Sauce which isn't too saucy or hot.  You can always get any sauce on the side.  I love the blue cheese at this place, so creamy, tastes perfect.  The fries are not consistent.  They are best when they come out white, but sometimes they are cooked too long and too golden.  Beef on Weck is very tasty. You can get loganberry here.  Table service is very good but ther eis never enough tables on the weekend.  They are always super busy on Saturday evening so you must get there before 4:00pm or after 8:00pm if you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table.  Though, it's always fun to play a video game or two while you wait. =P
Went to Niagara Falls for a few days and one of the things I definitely wanted to do while in the area was get Buffalo Wings in Buffalo.  The hotel staff pointed us towards Duffs. They definitely did not steer us wrong.  The wings were amazing!  Great crispy texture on the skin, meaty and the medium hot sauce was on point.  My hubby, who doesn't like wings at all, even enjoyed the mild wings and said they were the best he had ever tried! If you are in the area definitely worth checking them out & I can't wait to wear my Duffs tshirt!
Not horrible, but for all the hype, I expected these wings to change my life!  I found the sauce to be too "standard" for all the rave reviews I've gotten about this place.  Basically, it just tasted like Frank's Red Hot to me.   Again, not the worst wings I've ever had, but not nearly the best either.   The service was also sub-par I'm sorry to say.   I was only in Buffalo for business, as usual, and I got a few weird looks from patrons and staff because I was a bit over-dressed for the place.  But, hey, I only saw this place on my way to the airport right after a business meeting.  I'm not gonna change into jeans and t-shirt just to make the patrons and wait-staff feel comfortable! I'll stick to the other place.  (Won't say the name so nobody accuses me of working for them, lol)
This place is NO JOKE!  It's been several years since I've been here but it is Duffs that I compare every single other chicken wing to each time I eat a batch. The sauce is perfect; not to runny, not too sticky.  You can get it to any degree of heat you prefer.  The wings are cooked with perfection - not to dry, slight crisp, good size wing. The atmosphere is very laid back; just a place to get dirty with some wings.  The staff is friendly and the place just has a good vibe. I've also had wings the Anchor Bar, but Duffs is much better.  Not sure who really 'invented' the buffalo wing due to the disagreement between several of these places - but Duff's has certainly perfected it.
We were told that there was a big debate between Buff's or Anchor bar being the founder of the Buffalo wings and decided to give each a try. The hot wings are very hot, though I will say this place was nothing great nor were the wings all that. I did try to go in with an open mind- maybe slightly tainted thinking I was going to taste the best chicken wings I had ever had; but the wings were just hot and nothing special. The seating was cramped, the waitress was always preoccupied, and the only thing that really made it bearable were all of the nice people sitting around us. We enjoyed the company of strangers more than the food....
Went to Niagara Falls for a few days and one of the things I definitely wanted to do while in the area was get Buffalo Wings in Buffalo.  The hotel staff pointed us towards Duffs. They definitely did not steer us wrong.  The wings were amazing!  Great crispy texture on the skin, meaty and the medium hot sauce was on point.  My hubby, who doesn't like wings at all, even enjoyed the mild wings and said they were the best he had ever tried! If you are in the area definitely worth checking them out & I can't wait to wear my Duffs tshirt!
My Favorite wing place. Ask for them extra crispy and medium is hot enough for most so just ask for the hot on the side to start.
The wings were great. The service quick. They also serve beer. We had the medium hot which was not that hot but it was great. The place has large parking lot so that it great.
We came to Buffalo, so we obviously need to get Buffalo wings, right?  Anchor Bar is the original, but we were told to come to Duff's.  We did, and I can't say we were disappointed.  For $10, we got their lunch special... 10 wings and 2 sides.  We ordered our wings mild-medium, I think, and we could have gone hotter for sure.  Good wings, but definitely not the best I've ever had.  Sorry.  Fries were super mediocre, but the chili was really good.  Great service, too.
Ohhhh, so buffalo wings are called that because they originated in Buffalo, NY? Who knew?! I didn't, honestly. We came here on the recommendation of the nice border patrol agent when we told him we wanted to go into Buffalo for lunch. He said we had to eat wings and we had to go to Duff's. So we ate wings at Duff's, and what a great recommendation that was! There were only two of us and we were very hungry so we ordered a large order of fries, a cup of chili, and 30 wings. Well that was too much food. We could have downsized the fries and split 20 wings and still have been very full. We had no idea that the order of fries would be so gigantic and the wings would be so meaty! Very good. We ordered medium which was plenty hot. Usually we like stuff pretty spicy so yes medium was perfect. The service was fast and friendly, and the prices were reasonable.  And the food was terrific. Thanks!
The smell when you drive up to this place is gross. Think three day old fryer oil being stuffed into your nostrils. If you didnt know any better you'd say the building is a 4th string stripper joint. Then you walk in and sit at tables that look like they were stollen from a VFW hall and order a pitcher of whatever water Canadians call beer these days. Forget all that because next your wings come and they're prefect - the best you can get in Buffalo.
These wings are very very good. I ate them, the next day after having Gabriel's gate which was disappointing. Duffs was flavorful, And it was well cooked.  My only complaint is the wings lack some of the elements of greatness and hidden spices that other wing locations in Buffalo have such as anchor bar. Overall still a great wing and a must visit for anyone visiting buffalo .
Amazing wings. There delicious. I go to buffalo almost twice a year and everytime duffs is a must. If i had it my way i would live next door. The wings are cooked to perfection. You can take your time eating and find the last wing in the bowl swimming in sauce will still be perfectly crunchy and delicious
Ohhhh, so buffalo wings are called that because they originated in Buffalo, NY? Who knew?! I didn't, honestly. We came here on the recommendation of the nice border patrol agent when we told him we wanted to go into Buffalo for lunch. He said we had to eat wings and we had to go to Duff's. So we ate wings at Duff's, and what a great recommendation that was! There were only two of us and we were very hungry so we ordered a large order of fries, a cup of chili, and 30 wings. Well that was too much food. We could have downsized the fries and split 20 wings and still have been very full. We had no idea that the order of fries would be so gigantic and the wings would be so meaty! Very good. We ordered medium which was plenty hot. Usually we like stuff pretty spicy so yes medium was perfect. The service was fast and friendly, and the prices were reasonable.  And the food was terrific. Thanks!
1) Why is anyone in the world ordering anything besides chicken wings at this place? This place looks like a college mess hall and is staffed to match (I should clarify that the staff is nice and hardworking). Beef on weck? Are you out of your goddamned mind? Jalapeño poppers to start? Are you being executed in Texas tomorrow? 2) Why does anyone in the world believe that the sauce is actually going to be as hot as advertised here? Suicidal is the way to go. (Side note: crispy is the way to go, too). 3) The fries need salt. 4) Stop your disgusting fetish with proving how much you know about microbrews. If you're so aggressively offended by "macrobrews," content yourself with the knowledge that Dick Yuengling stands by his product, and he's not yet able to distribute nationally. Have a pitcher of his Lager and be happy that you can masturbate to a glass of Odell 5 Barrel Pale Ale when you get back home. Americans are so stupid because they like cheap beer, Mona! 5) The wings are quite good when ordered in the manner I've prescribed. Yes, you can handle "suicidal" sauce.
Vacationing from NYC in Buffalo for the first time visiting the Falls, as soon as I pull around the corner of Duff's and saw the outside tables packed while it was raining, I may add, I knew we made the right choice ordering take out when I left the falls 25 minutes before. We had 70 wings, a mix between BBQ and medium sauces and living in NYC I expected to pay around $100 but when she told me it was $64 I was dumbfounded. The BBQ sauce is amazing and even though I'm not a Blue Cheese guy it's the best we ever tasted. The medium sauce it's tasty and packs a little heat, great place if I'm ever back in the area I'll be back in Duff's...
THE best Buffalo wings.  They set the standard by which all other wings are judged.  The Anchor Bar gets all the press for being the first but Duff's is the best.  I always look forward to stopping here when I am back in Buffalo.  I always order them hot - and boy are they!
Duff's was close to where I was staying so I stopped in early on a Saturday night. The place was packed and the host said there would be an hour and 15min wait.  Not sure what else there was to do in Buffalo at 7:30 on a weekend so we hung out. Luckily it didn't take the whole amount of time. I had my order ready to go. The sign says that the "Medium Hot" sauce is more spicy than your average so I ordered a huge pile of those, a water, and a basket of fries for the table. The fries were hot and unsalted, once the wings came out I realized why - there is enough sodium in the sauce to hold you over. The wings were also piping hot and looked good, unfortunately there was no heat to the flavor of the wings. I braced myself for at least a kick and got nothing. So we ordered the next flavor up in heat. Without tasting it we dump it all over the wings then dove back in only to find out that one wasn't spicy either. Worried, we ordered the hottest flavors on the menu "Suicide" and "Death Sauce". The "Death Sauce" was a creeper. Upon first try it was just okay as well and then got REALLY hot and had a good flavor. It isn't something you want to eat a bunch of wings in though. A good mix with 5 or 6 or so in "Death Sauce" maybe. The "Suicide" sauce however was the winner. Good flavor, not really hot but definitely could tell you were eating a spicy food If you can handle spicy and want a little heat with your wings without burning your taste buds just get your wings tossed in "suicide". The others won't stand live up
These are the best. When traveling to Buffalo, don't go without trying Duff's wings. They have multiple locations, the one in Amherst (original) is the best, and the one near the Bills stadium is pretty good too. The Anchor Bar is the inventor of wings, but I like Duff's a lot better. Great shoestring fries, too.
Expect to be taken back to memories of your own college pub. This has the same feel so I didn't mind the atmosphere. It got really busy when we left (20 people waiting for a table).   We ordered the medium (hot) and hot (really really hot) from what they say on their shirts.  20 pieces eaten and yes they do split orders here.  We didn't wait long to get our wings either. Wings came out steaming but crispy!!! They were still steaming even as the last wing was being eaten. I was impressed.  The sauce was good too and their was no lack of it coating the wings also. It's not too often that you get a hot sauce that doesn't have a lot of vinegar kick. This is how wings from Buffalo should taste like.
I came here after hearing rave reviews from people who lived around the area. When I first came it was crowded and there was a great, comforting ambiance, like a huge family gathering. The waitress was also very nice and helpful. The buffalo wings were a bit to saucy for a plain person like me, but there were very good for buffalo wings. The fries were average, but it was just very fun to eat there. The portions are HUGE, and I ended up not eating most the fries and I had many left over wings. When you walk in, be impressed with the photo of Obama eating there. ;) My review is only three stars because it's simply another average buffalo wing restaurant, but the ambiance really makes up for it. Being in BUFFALO, you must eat buffalo wings. Hehe. An fun place for friends to hang out and catch up!
Duff's was close to where I was staying so I stopped in early on a Saturday night. The place was packed and the host said there would be an hour and 15min wait.  Not sure what else there was to do in Buffalo at 7:30 on a weekend so we hung out. Luckily it didn't take the whole amount of time. I had my order ready to go. The sign says that the "Medium Hot" sauce is more spicy than your average so I ordered a huge pile of those, a water, and a basket of fries for the table. The fries were hot and unsalted, once the wings came out I realized why - there is enough sodium in the sauce to hold you over. The wings were also piping hot and looked good, unfortunately there was no heat to the flavor of the wings. I braced myself for at least a kick and got nothing. So we ordered the next flavor up in heat. Without tasting it we dump it all over the wings then dove back in only to find out that one wasn't spicy either. Worried, we ordered the hottest flavors on the menu "Suicide" and "Death Sauce". The "Death Sauce" was a creeper. Upon first try it was just okay as well and then got REALLY hot and had a good flavor. It isn't something you want to eat a bunch of wings in though. A good mix with 5 or 6 or so in "Death Sauce" maybe. The "Suicide" sauce however was the winner. Good flavor, not really hot but definitely could tell you were eating a spicy food If you can handle spicy and want a little heat with your wings without burning your taste buds just get your wings tossed in "suicide". The others won't stand live up
Can't believe I graduated from UB in the late 70s and never ate here! Now living in Pittsburgh, I've been back to Buffalo a few times, and always stopped at the Anchor Bar for wings. Last time I went, the wings were not great, which I attributed to dining between shifts. Having seen Duff's on TV and yelp, my son and I decided to give it a go the day after Christmas. Stopped in at 11:15 - only one other couple in the joint. Very casual. Went with a 20 piece order of Hot wings. I love to see wings come out with steam rising off them, the kind that makes your eyes water (both from vinegar and joy). Gotta say, these were the BEST wings I've had. Perfectly crispy, with a good slathering of just the right heat sauce. Had been worried that they might be a tad too spicy, but they were PER-FECTO! And they held their crisp through almost the entire lunch. And, being a bigger fan of the wing than the drumstick, this batch had a ratio of 4:1!  The order came with a small side of celery and carrots, and standard bleu cheese. But the wings made the entire trip worthwhile. Duff's makes the definitive Buffalo Wing! And when we left 45 minutes later, the place was packed, with people waiting to get in. I'm already looking forward to my next trip back...
This place is a Buffalo staple.  Whether I get wings or a burger, the food is always good.  The wait getting into the restaurant can sometimes be long as it is limited seating but the staff is always friendly and the food more than makes up for it.  Also, in my opinion, if you don't splurge this can also be a cheap meal.
Great wings!  I was salivating in parking lot on the way in.  They have a very limited menu, but when your wings are this good you don't need a bunch of offerings that people are not gonna order!!  They are big on Franks red hot sauce.  They make wings like I like my women hot, naked, ans saucy.
WAY better than Anchor Bar!  Never had a a bad chicken wing here.  Eat the fries while they're hot!  Service is always friendly and quick.  Good luck trying to get a seat at the Millersport location during dinner time on the weekend.  We ended up driving to the Cheektowaga location instead and got seated right away!
love the mild spicy wings. Would go again!
As an avid chicken wing lover, I've tried them around the country. They all claim to be the best, but the reality is they are all just battling for second. There is no contest...Duff's wings dominate. Everytime I land in Buffalo I call in a take-out order at  Duff's by the airport just to get my fix. However, if you like garlic, bbq, sauceless, cajun, or any other non Buffalo-wing style you are better off going to applebees, buffalo wild wings, or some other chain restaurant that will have a wide variety of those gimmicky flavors for ya.
Being from Buffalo, NY originally, this was always the best place to get wings...have not been there in quite some time, but I always remember their wings being big and meaty.
WAY better than Anchor Bar!  Never had a a bad chicken wing here.  Eat the fries while they're hot!  Service is always friendly and quick.  Good luck trying to get a seat at the Millersport location during dinner time on the weekend.  We ended up driving to the Cheektowaga location instead and got seated right away!
From California to Buffalo, NY  I traveled, and I found the best Buffalo Wings ever. With much hype, and from yelp, the WINGS are incredible. I went here last Wednesday night, and now I only have the reminiscing memories of the finely fried crispy wing, with some medium/hot sauce that left me wanting more and more...... Right when you enter the place you are instantly hit by the aroma of spicy wings. Nice no frills type of place.. what you see is what you get type of place. Bigger parties you will wait at least 30 mins to 1 hr. But for 2-4 people you would probably wait about 10-30 mins depending on the rush. The wait is because of customers' indulging their face with spicy Buffalo WINGS plus all I kept on seeing while sitting there was numerous large grocery bags of TO-GO orders which can slows down the orders. Luckily for us, we only waiting about 12 mins or so.  I order for two, and we had the 20 wings and small pitcher for $21.95 and a order of large fries $3.20. We also tried their DUFF's own beer which was good, but not great in weight and taste; it is little more on the hoppy side. It was delicious from the start to the 3/4 mark when my stomach said I need to stop eating mark or else FEEL THE PAIN tomorrow -- X_x I ended up eating 15 wings that night, and constantly wiping sweat from my face.  The last 8 or so wings was the epic battle. I would say what really stood out is the crispiness of the wings because the whole entire wing is crispy and crunchy (very hard to find).. The sauce was spicy of course, but it had a rich flavor to it. The fries is just alright, but a plus for quantity of portion. I would say 2 THUMBS way up for this place if you want to satisfy a Buffalo WING fix this is your place  =)
Good but not amazing.  If from out of town, skip this one but be sure to stop at The originators at Anchor Bar.  Otherwise, service was pleasant and homie.  This location has a nice dive feel (said affectionately).  To be fair, if your looking for a more authentic Buffalo (as in the city) feel and experience (less touristy) stop here.
We were really hoping this place was be great for wings...being in Buffalo. The service was fast, but the wings were horrible. The sauce didn't help either. Maybe if you grew up on this stuff and never tried another wing outside of Buffalo, you might like it.
Being born and raised in Buffalo, I've been to Duff's many times at various locations. I mainly went there for drinks with friends, not so much for the food. I think their wings are good, but not spectacular. The best wings in the Buffalo area would be Bar Bill in East Aurora, which also happens to have the best beef on weck, EVER. All in all, not a bad place to kick back and have a drink and some wings and/or finger foods (at one of the newer locations such as Eastern hills mall...etc.). The original location on Sheridan Drive is somewhat outdated and does not have the nice and fancy bar that the newer locations have.
Another famous chicken wing spot in the Buffalo area, Duff's is often pitted against Anchor Bar for the title of "Best Wings".  They've been serving out wings since 1969.  I brought my cousin along who had just moved to the area and clearly had no idea what good food was.  In the words of Kevin Hart from his comedy special Laugh At My Pain....."You gon learn today"!   Located just outside the city limits in the suburb of Amherst, Duff's is found in a small and non-descript building.  Once inside, the environment is clean and the decor is quite basic.  Service is good as the waitress was pleasant and comes around at the right times to check on things.   On to main order of business:  THE FOOD!  I got a double order of medium buffalo wings and a large order of fries.  Do I have to say what I had to drink???  Loganberry juice, ummm.....HELLO!!   The wings were nice sized and fried to golden crisp.  In fact, they may have been a tad bit overdone.  The wings were meaty but chewy as the skin left a little something to be desired for me.  The medium Duff's sauce offered a nice kick but was not overwhelming.  Good wings but greatness in Buffalo is only achieved by the perfect wing.   Ironically, it's the fries that stole the show for me.  They were like shoestring fries that had the perfect crisp along with just the right amount of seasoning.  I could not stop eating them!  That actually worked out well because my cousin went beast mode on those wings.  He was working so hard that I think he even ate a couple of bones!  Dang dude, slow down! The bill was reasonable for the meal; double order of wings, large fries and drinks comes to about $25.00.   In the Anchor Bar vs. Duff's wing battle, my vote goes to Anchor Bar.  For out of towners, you really can't go wrong with either one because wings are a religion in Buffalo so chances are they'll be better than any other wings you've had.  If you're feeling adventureous though and willing to venuture to some local spots in the city, you can do better with Bob and John's and Franco's.  YUM!
The ongoing debate is either Duffs or Anchor Bar. No brainer; Duffs everytime. I would say go to Anchor Bar once for the experience and atmosphere that surrounds "The Birthplace of Buffalo WIngs". But after you are done there, it is time to proclaim your loyalty to Duffs. A very modest bar; but the quality, quickness, and temperature of the wings you receive are the best I have ever seen. I can't recommend anything besides wings, but that is the only reason to go here. There is usually a wait to get a seat on game nights, but they do their best to get you in and out. If you are a true Western New Yorker, you should have no problem cheering for the underdog!
Stopped here after a UB vs BU basketball game. It was around 8:30 on a Saturday night. We had roughly a 40 min wait. One of the negatives to Duffs is the waiting area. No seating and a very small bar area. Once seated we were promptly taken care of. Service was quick and the wings were outstanding. Too bad it's an uncomfortable wait to get seated!
Being born and raised in Buffalo, I've been to Duff's many times at various locations. I mainly went there for drinks with friends, not so much for the food. I think their wings are good, but not spectacular. The best wings in the Buffalo area would be Bar Bill in East Aurora, which also happens to have the best beef on weck, EVER. All in all, not a bad place to kick back and have a drink and some wings and/or finger foods (at one of the newer locations such as Eastern hills mall...etc.). The original location on Sheridan Drive is somewhat outdated and does not have the nice and fancy bar that the newer locations have.
"You're the Best! Around! (Nothing's Gonna Ever Keep Ya Down) by Josh K. Duff's makes the best wings you will ever find, and  will ever eat.  Many come close, but never as good or as consistent. Yes, it has become more popular, yes the waits are long, and yes this original location (since 1946) is outdated, crowded, slightly dingy, and poorly ventilated. But order some Wings Medium Hot, and you will be in Buffalo Sauce Nirvana. Big, meaty, crispy, and saucy,   this is the original recipe invented by The Anchor Bar, but perfected here. No slight to the amazing Anchor Bar (they have the second best wings), but Duff's is the champion and they prove it consistently on every visit I make. Mild-Medium Light -  don't even bother ordering it this way as you will be forsaking the great sauce which makes the dish. Medium -  if you want the amazing flavor but without as much burn Medium Hot - is Very Hot, and the wings are tossed in a soup of heavenly Frank's Red Hot and butter sauce, which by the way, makes for perfect dipping of their delicious shoe string fries. Hot -  is for the bold only. Anything hotter or spicier is insane. Stick to Medium or Medium Hot and you will be experiencing TRUE BLUE Buffalo Wings. I was here over the weekend after not having had Duffs in about 8 years.  If becoming a local area chain has changed anything, I wouldn't notice.  Duff's was as good as ever. Duff's is Buffalo. End of Story.
We were told there'd be a 25-minute wait and got seated in 10 mins. Already a great start! It got better from there...wings are amazing. Simple and direct wings with a spicy, vinegary kick. Here's what I recommend: - BBQ (medium) - Regular (medium hot) - Beef on weck (it comes with a costanzo roll which is salted FYI) Add friendly and fast service to the mix and you can't beat Duff's! I can see why locals highly recommend this. Next time I'll try Anchor Bar, Duff's rival.
What everyone else says: the best wings in Buffalo. Anchor bar invented them, Duff's perfected them. Who cares if it's in the middle of the suburbs- it's worth the drive. This is one of the few places i've ever been to where the words "hot" actually mean something. Order with caution, because they're serious. Those big bowls of fries are integral to making it through a plate of hot saucy wings. They may serve something other than wings, fries and beer, but I wouldn't know anything about those.
In the battle of the Buffalo Wings Duff's totally blows Anchor Bar away! I had a chance to try them both while in town for a few days recently. Both spots could not be anymore different. Anchor bar is where you go as a tourist to say you ate wings at the place that invented them. It's an old bar with great memorabilia and old motorcycles hanging on the walls. The dining area is straight out of some old Catskills looking joint and looks it's age. Duff's is where the locals and people in the know go to chow down on better tasting meatier wings where they have improved on the original recipe. The dining area is brighter and cleaner looking with just some old framed black and whites on the walls showcasing it's history. Even on a midweek evening the place was packed and there was a short wait but it was so worth it the moment I bit into one of those juicy tasty wings. The waitress we had was super nice and attentive to even though you could see they were running around here like crazy with the full house. Go to Anchor Bar for the history, then go to Duff's for a taste of better Buffalo Wings.
I'm a fan of wings, but Duff's doesn't live up to the hype. I've been there several times and each time the wings weren't crispy, the sauce was basically dropped onto the wings instead of the wings tossed within the sauce and the bleu cheese is not good. I will even go as far as saying the McDonald Mighty Wings were by far, better than Duff's. Also, why would you have a menu with items that you can only order in Canada? The garlic honey wings sound delicious...
People are going to hate me for this review cause I know there are a lot of people who are fans of duffs. Duffs is good but not the best. I am a huge buffalo wings fan. I tried duffs 4 times now to test whether the problem is with me. I still feel if you like plain hot wings anchor bar is best and if you love a lot of variety like parmesan garlic or spicy garlic or Thai curry flavors then buffalo wild wings is the place but duffs does not fit either choice so I prefer anchor bar for classic wings and BWW for variety. However I must say that the fries at duffs is amazing; crispy and rightly salted and best of all no dirty oil flavor like any of the fast food chains.
I used to live across the street and I got fat... off Duffs!  Don't try to make sense of it.. who cares if Anchor bar came first.. Duff's got some serious wings.  Don't waste your time with any of the other stuff, one extra french fry means less room for wings.  Just dont rub your eyes after a plate full of wings!
In the battle of the Buffalo Wings Duff's totally blows Anchor Bar away! I had a chance to try them both while in town for a few days recently. Both spots could not be anymore different. Anchor bar is where you go as a tourist to say you ate wings at the place that invented them. It's an old bar with great memorabilia and old motorcycles hanging on the walls. The dining area is straight out of some old Catskills looking joint and looks it's age. Duff's is where the locals and people in the know go to chow down on better tasting meatier wings where they have improved on the original recipe. The dining area is brighter and cleaner looking with just some old framed black and whites on the walls showcasing it's history. Even on a midweek evening the place was packed and there was a short wait but it was so worth it the moment I bit into one of those juicy tasty wings. The waitress we had was super nice and attentive to even though you could see they were running around here like crazy with the full house. Go to Anchor Bar for the history, then go to Duff's for a taste of better Buffalo Wings.
WHAT? REALLY? I am still so mind boggled about this place. So I'm on the way home from the airport in Buffalo- which I recommend EVERYONE in Ontario should drive out to and use instead of Toronto International as flights are really half the price. Anyways, I've heard about Duffs and it was nearby so decided to try it out. First of all, the outside might remind one of a sketchy motel where the dumb teenagers in horror movies go to in the middle of nowhere before getting murdered. But, it was super busy, with people waiting outside, so I decide to try it out anyways. The wait was about 20 mins so the hostess told us we could order takeout and eat on the benches outside- while inhaling car fumes from the major intersection- no thanks. After waiting 20 minutes, we get inside- and its horrifying. If you can picture a creepy 70's basement/ rundown hostel, that's what it looks like. Wood paneled walls and TERRIBLE lighting (is that thing going to fall on my head?) is just the start. The chair I sat down on was DUCT TAPPED. I mean, both the seat itself and the back of it. Ok, so it must be that the prices are amazing right? Nope- $9.95 for a pound, pretty standard. Ok, so it must be that the wings are amazing right? Well if you can get past the fact that it was brought out on plastic plates, and you are given an old plastic kitchen bucket to put the bones in- EVEN THEN they are JUST YOUR AVERAGE WING. I am TRULY floored about this place and cannot for the life of me figure out why it is so popular. If there was a minus star rating, that's what I would give it. Yikes.
The fries are great! The wings so-so it's definitely gone down in quality over the years, it's a bit too saucy and the wings aren't as crispy anymore. Still not terrible but used to be better.
Great Wings. When you're in Buffalo it's a must.
Hot barbecue wings excellent. Medium hot wings had me sweating like a pig. Will be back next time I'm in town
This place is amazing, I typically order-out because I get a ton of wings and eat them over the course of a couple days. I always get a mix of hot, medium, and hot BBQ.  I love spicy foods but eating a ton of them hot and they loose all their flavor.  I think the Hot BBQ are my favorite. Staff is always friendly for the short time that I'm in the place for pick up.
the restaurant prides itself for having a long history but the food didn't really show anything to be proud of. i'm being extra harsh here because they are supposed to be THE place to get wings. I tried the medium hot and the hot wings. This summarizes my experience: WARNING! Medium IS SALTY  Medium Hot IS VERY SALTY  Hot IS VERY, VERY SALTY i might have been there on a bad day but this place was truly a disappointment. the wings were anything but hot. seemed like the level of 'hottness' was dependent on the amount of salt that went into the sauces.
Let me preface by saying I had both Anchor Bar and Duff's the same night on a quest to find the best buffalo wings while on business 2 hrs from Buffalo.  Anchor Bar awesome and Duff's was very generic. Duff's look like a place run by local college kids.  Although very friendly I don't think there's much pride in what is served.  I found the wing to be the orange hot sauced kind you find anywhere in the country and were overcooked.  Not overcooked as left in the deep fryer but tasted like it was boiled and then fried.   There is no comparison between Duff's and Anchor Bar.
Hot barbecue wings excellent. Medium hot wings had me sweating like a pig. Will be back next time I'm in town
Congratulations, you are my 6th restaurant to receive my 5 star rating.  This is the best buffalo wings in the nation...it's not anchor bar!! Man, I don't know how many times I will be going to upstate NY to just eat this but let me tell you, I can't order buffalo wings anywhere else.  This place ruined all my future buffalo wing meals.   It's really hard to make good wings.  The skin's gotta be nice and crispy, chicken's gotta be juicy, and the sauce is gotta be well balanced. But Duff's, you did it.  Thank you.
If it wasn't for reviews and guide books I'd never have thought to stop here or dare go in because you can't really see in the tinted windows and it looks suspiciously closed... Glad we did though! Clearly a popular place for wings and they were great. The staff were friendly and there were families, couples, groups of friends all rolling up their sleeves and eating wings.. A slightly messy but tasty experience. I'd recommend stopping by if visiting Buffalo.
Visited while in town for a wedding over the summer.  All I will say is that you get your money's worth!  I am no wing expert, so I shall stay out of the rivalry, but my husband and I enjoyed splitting an order of 10 wings with celery & carrots, a salad and two large beers for suuuuuper cheap.  If I'm in Buffalo again and in the mood for wings, I feel confident that I will visit Duff's again to sample another heat level of their wings and to save a few bucks.  Great deals Duff's.
Meh, I've had better. On the way to Niagra we thought we would go out of our way a little and try the place where the original buffalo wings got started. Place was packed but got seated after a 30 min. Small venue for such a popular place.....and this is where the confusion comes in. Why are they so popular?. I have to be honest, the wings were just ok. Not amazing, not horrible....just ok. I have had much better wings in Philly. Fries were obviously frozen, as well as the small, thin onion rings.  Not worth going out of our way for and certainly not worth the wait.  The five star reviewers must have low standards.
Visiting Buffalo, NY will not be complete without trying Buffalo Chicken Wings. I mean, this is where it started! The local war seems to be between Anchor Bar & Duffs for the #1 wing. I haven't tried Anchor's wings yet but I went with my fellow Yelper's recommendations and tried Duffs. The place itself is very lowkey. It almost looks like a college bar when you first walk in with a slightly larger room with chairs and tables. We went on Friday night and it was moderately packed with almost all the table being occupied by other wing fanatics. We ended up doing the 20 wings + Fries + 1 pitcher of pop deal for around $24 I think. We split our order so we got half of the wings in hot sauce and the other half in BBQ Hot flavor. As soon as it hit our table, we knew we were in the right place because the wings were still steaming! The verdict on the wings: pretty good! The hot sauce however wasn't very hot at all. There are clear signs that the Hot sauce is pretty damn hot but it was nowhere close. The BBQ Hot was pretty good too. We ended dunking the BBQ flavored wings in with the hot sauce for a really interesting flavor. All in all, I really enjoyed Duff's. Hopefully I'll get to try another wing joint before I have to leave town in a few days.
One of the main places in Buffalo for wings. My only complaints are the occasional odd smells, the noise level, and the fact that their beer is not served in frozen or chilled glasses/mugs. With these things improved, the place would be perfect. Also... a little pricey. Expect to pay around $20-$30 a person if going there for dinner.
Forget Anchor Bar. Duff's has the BEST WINGS IN BUFFALO, if not the country. Juicy, flavorful, incredibly meaty. BBQ is good, as are hot. The thin, thin fried are delicious too, as are the thick hunks of celery. The lunch specials were the best. 10 wings, a side, and a soda for 5.95. I would always split this with my besty in college and it was the perfect amount of food.
Meh, I've had better. On the way to Niagra we thought we would go out of our way a little and try the place where the original buffalo wings got started. Place was packed but got seated after a 30 min. Small venue for such a popular place.....and this is where the confusion comes in. Why are they so popular?. I have to be honest, the wings were just ok. Not amazing, not horrible....just ok. I have had much better wings in Philly. Fries were obviously frozen, as well as the small, thin onion rings.  Not worth going out of our way for and certainly not worth the wait.  The five star reviewers must have low standards.
I live in Chicago and there are certain things I truly miss from back home.   One of them is Duff's wings (hot --- REALLLY HOT) with a big bowl of fries to clean the sauce off your fingers with.  There is one place I like better -- Rooties -- the wings to me are the nearly the same but I like not dealing with masses of screaming kids which I seem to run into at Duff's every time I go.  Still, the place is top notch and has been for as long as I can remember. Oh Duff's, I miss you.
I guess you could say "the wings are the thing" here.  I have had  Duff's wings at other locations and they are good.  This particular visit my friend didn't want wings and I didn't want to eat 10 by myself.  I usually get the beef on weck with 5 wings special that they have for lunch.  This visit was at 6:30 pm so that was not available.  I opted for the beef on weck and a side salad with their delicious blue cheese dressing.  My friend ordered a large salad with a grilled chicken breast on top.  Both salads were served together, hers missing the chicken.  The chicken was brought on a separate plate about 10 minutes later.  Ok.  The salads both had a lot of "brownish" pieces and my friend had to ask for a knife to cut her chicken up.  The waitress never came to ask how things were, ask for drink refills, she just disappeared.  I finally had to flag down another waitress to get my sandwich.  Another 15 minutes past.  Then we had to ask for the check.  I should have complained to someone, but no one was around.  Won't be going back to that location, service was terrible.  The decor of this place is also pretty tacky, I get its old and it has been there a long time but it needs a remodel.
Duff's = Sauce.  Swimming in it.  The wings are great, quality fare but the ambiance & overall presentation lack anything remarkable.  Easily a quality provider of poultry delight, just not an ethereal experience - IMHO
I've been going here ever since I moved to Buffalo in 2008. The wings are great and their saying "Medium is Hot, Hot is Very Hot.. " is true. The medium is always too hot for me and I love spicy food! Always get the shoestring fries and a pitcher alongside your wings. The BBQ sauce is not my favorite, it's definitely distinct in flavor. The Millersport location is my favorite and unfortunate to say I have not visited the others. Service has been consistently good. There's usually a wait especially on a weekend evening. Call ahead or order your wings to go if you aren't in the mood to wait around.
50 wings with hot sauce were dust dry, definitely not worth the 5 hr drive. Soaked wth sauce that was more vinegar than sauce. Tried to eat  them with my guest but threw 20 away. No stars have had better frozen wings. Just bad!
Both famous chicken wing places were good but we liked anchor better...we thought Duffs wings were bigger but  too much sauce.you need alot of napkins... We had the Med hot the fire was good not smoken hot....anchor we got the same med hot .. They were about the same temp..but not near as over sauced  needed less napkins...and the bar is much bigger ...better fun we prefer anchor..   LA California
I wanted to love Duff's but the truth is that Duff's did not blow me away.  The chicken wings here are of really good quality.  They are very traditional - Louisiana hot sauce mixed with butter and coated onto a crispy deep fried chicken wing.  Do they taste great? Yes.  Are Duffs wings exceptionally better then other good wings? No.  Another gripe of mine is that they hype up the sauces to make you think hot is really hot.  I found that I could have easily gone much hotter then Duff's hot.  Don't get me wrong these are great wings.  The thing is, where I come from in Upstate Ny, I can find wings just as good at a number of establishments.  I should probably give a 4 stars but when your supposed to be the best in the world and don't meet that expectation you deserve a 3 stars.
I've been going here ever since I moved to Buffalo in 2008. The wings are great and their saying "Medium is Hot, Hot is Very Hot.. " is true. The medium is always too hot for me and I love spicy food! Always get the shoestring fries and a pitcher alongside your wings. The BBQ sauce is not my favorite, it's definitely distinct in flavor. The Millersport location is my favorite and unfortunate to say I have not visited the others. Service has been consistently good. There's usually a wait especially on a weekend evening. Call ahead or order your wings to go if you aren't in the mood to wait around.
It appears that the people who work here have thin skin.   "I dont think we'd have 5 locations win 1st place awards for our wings, and be around for over 60 years!" McDonalds also has many locations, I don't see people raving about quality there.  If your business is so sucessful and popular you shouldn't worry about a few bad reviews.  Now suck it up and go undercook some wings for all the out of towners. You get one star for trolling
Having been to the Leaside location many times, I had to try the original during one of our Buffalo trips! The wings here are truly amazing. There are a couple of differences: the fries are much better in my opinion, thin and crispy, and the mild comes with no sauce at all. Large location, good for large parties, very busy, but good service.
I don't understand why this place has an average of only 4/5 stars?!?! These are the greatest wings on earth and you gotta love the atmosphere. I hope they franchise out to Chicago to put away all of the wannabes that are popping up around here.
It was a meek, cold, rainy Friday evening in September when I got laid off of work. I walked into this establishment just wanting to fill my sorrows by binge eating wings and never ending Shirley temples. When I walked towards the bar it was like a ray of sunshine was beaming through the roof even though it was night time, and it was directed at the wonderful employee named Miranda. My spirits were lifted along with the delicious spirits that she poured. She wined, and she dined me and I have never been happier with any service I've received. Also, even though I'm a vegetarian the wings are good. Thanks.
Great wings. Crispy, savory, meaty wings. Terrific service..our waitress was so friendly. The place was full of happy, upbeat people. The whole ambiance Of the place made me fell at home in this tiny restaurant. This is the best wing place in Buffalo!
knowing some locals that went to UB over there, I asked where can I get a real buffalo style wing place.  It was unanimously Duffs!  The place is unapologetically  a wing and beer place like god intended it to be.  The bathroom is the size of a small closet and not very nice, and the place is ancient looking.  I brought 15 people in and it was packed there, but we were seated within 15 mins!  In the meantime we were drinking beers @2.50 a pop.  AWESOME. So we sit down, and this place is massively cheap.  When they say fries, well you get a bowl of fries which is huge so watch out.  They have all signs saying the hot sauce is hot, but it really was not bad at all but I love hot foods.  we had 1 table of 10 and another of 5 and with plenty of pitchers flowing, and our stomachs exploding with food, the bill came out to $100!  so for value, you cannot beat this place. There are people on here rating this place low cause they are anchor bar fan boys, but come on, you cannot say this place sucks.   And for people looking for a fine restaurant, forget about it!  I loved it there, and I would recommend to anyone in the area.
Really delicious. I've been recently to the one in the Eastern Hills Mall. The place was packed, so we had to wait a while before getting a table. We sat down and I loved it there. Football everywhere. We had the special, fries, pop, and wings. We got the really hot ones, but in my opinion wasn't really that hot. But I also do pour at least a whole bottle of Sriracha when I eat noodle soups. Definitely coming back.
It was a meek, cold, rainy Friday evening in September when I got laid off of work. I walked into this establishment just wanting to fill my sorrows by binge eating wings and never ending Shirley temples. When I walked towards the bar it was like a ray of sunshine was beaming through the roof even though it was night time, and it was directed at the wonderful employee named Miranda. My spirits were lifted along with the delicious spirits that she poured. She wined, and she dined me and I have never been happier with any service I've received. Also, even though I'm a vegetarian the wings are good. Thanks.
To all the sycophants, your scathing reviews were probably reserved for the sale staff at Walgreens when you bought your Preparation H after eating at this place. This place petitioned to have my witticism-filled critique removed and I'm putting it up again in an abbreviated form. You want to go, management staff of an overpriced, bland, too big for its britches, unsighlty waiting area outside-having retrograde decoration having dump? Let's do this. I, too, went to Niagara Falls. Loved it. Decided to take in the local fare of eateries. You would think that the place could handle a simple order of 10 wings and some fries. Not only did I have to wait over an hour for this order to come up, but I had to do it at the sports bar down the street by my hotel. What a joke. Sure you will fill orders of 40-60 wings for the obese trolls that swore to your abilities. They sure looked like they ate this stuff every day... So yeah, I listened to them and tried to not get annoyed. You had Mr. Obama stuff on there and yeah I was stoked to try some of the wings he had. But I have to wait outside in the damp rain with the rest of the people trying to cram into this 70's inspired dive to eat colorectal malaise plus cancer wings and some fries. Screw that! Like I said in my first review, a Montreal jazz club I visited on my first trip had better, more flavorful, succulent, and well dressed wings than this tourist trap. Suck on that you censoring a-holes. Don't like it. You'll read it again. Hell yes, this is sour grapes. And it's my right as an American to call you on your shoddy service when it happens!
This is the favorite of our Buffalonian friends.  The wait was an hour and a half to eat in, so we brought it back to their house (ready in about 15 minutes.)  Crispy yet sopping wings in varying degree of hotness (the hottest is *very* hot), along with barbecue, which has soothing sweetness.  Served with fries, carrots, celery, and blue cheese dip. Wash it down with a case of Molson Canadian.
Let me preface this by saying we're not wing people.  But after seeing Food Wars between Duff's and the Anchor Bar and knowing we were going through Buffalo on our way to Niagara Falls, we had to do it.  We do not like the sauce on the buffalo wings...gross.  So we got char grill BBQ wings (10 to split) and sweet potato fries to split because we didn't want to stuff ourselves before heading off to the Anchor Bar.  The place was pretty empty because we hit at a non-peak time so service should've been pretty zippy.  It wasn't.  Don't get me wrong, the server was nice but we waited for 20 minutes for 10 wings and a small bowl of sweet potato fries in a mostly empty restaurant.  The wings were wings, nothing spectacular.  Kinda mushy, nothing more than you'd get at BW3 or Roosters so we don't get the appeal.  It's obviously a regional thing and that's fine.  More for everyone else.
First of all, the waiting time for the food was soooo long. I can understand chicken wings may take a little bit longer to fry, but I ordered onion rings. It took over 20 minutes to get the onion rings, the portion was so small for almost $4. There were totally about 8 pieces. They tasted like those store frozen onion rings. I ordered medium hot and hot BBQ wings. I guess I expected too much after reading other reviews. After about 40 minutes waiting, finally the wings came. The wings are soooo dry. I thought good fried wings should be crispy outside but juicy and tender inside. The inside of those wings tasted like shoe leather. The flavor was so normal, the sauce tasted nothing better than those store bought wing sauces. This restaurant is far below my expect. My husband is not a picky person at all, most time if I picked on a restaurant, he would stop me and tell me it was not that bad. But this time, he was the one wouldn't stop complaining how bad it was.So iff you do think the wings here are good, then I guess you never had the real good wings in your life. I definitely would not go back here again.
I have been coming here for years. The wings, although not quite what  they were when Ronnie was in the kitchen full time, are still a helluva lot better than the crap Anchor Bar puts out. The service is good and the portions are large. The only really "bad" things would be the size, which is kind of limited by the building size and the parcel of land, which allows no real room for expansion. The floors need to be redone, after years of buildup on them. Other than that, if you want a good sized order of wings and a heaping bowl full of fries, this is the place for you. My mouth is already watering with anticipation of the wings I will be having for lunch today.
If you're craving wings or beef on weck, look no further -- Duff's will give you what you're craving, and make sure it's done right. If you're looking for a great lunch special, again, look no further. Duff's lunch special is served daily from 11am-4pm. For the very reasonable price of $9.95, you get 10 wings (or a cheeseburger) and two sides. The sides include choices of: salad, chili, and french fries. I tend to get the chili and fries and end up taking the wings home for later (they actually re-heat well!). In addition to awesome food, the service is always wonderful. The wait staff is friendly, efficient, and eager to please. And this my friends is why I've gone back again and again! If you haven't tried Duff's yet, be sure to do -- you're in for a filling, tasty meal! (And don't forget! Be sure to try the wings and beef on weck!)
we had to go here...great buffalo wings (medium) they had hotter but didn't want to ruin the experience.  tried bbq too which were still good.  good bleu cheese as well which is a must. french fries and gravy..mm
First of all, the waiting time for the food was soooo long. I can understand chicken wings may take a little bit longer to fry, but I ordered onion rings. It took over 20 minutes to get the onion rings, the portion was so small for almost $4. There were totally about 8 pieces. They tasted like those store frozen onion rings. I ordered medium hot and hot BBQ wings. I guess I expected too much after reading other reviews. After about 40 minutes waiting, finally the wings came. The wings are soooo dry. I thought good fried wings should be crispy outside but juicy and tender inside. The inside of those wings tasted like shoe leather. The flavor was so normal, the sauce tasted nothing better than those store bought wing sauces. This restaurant is far below my expect. My husband is not a picky person at all, most time if I picked on a restaurant, he would stop me and tell me it was not that bad. But this time, he was the one wouldn't stop complaining how bad it was.So iff you do think the wings here are good, then I guess you never had the real good wings in your life. I definitely would not go back here again.
REALLY?! REALLY?! WHY DID THEY GET SUCH HIGH RATING? While visiting my friend this past weekend, she told us that Duff's was the place to get buffalo wings and Obama had eaten their wings. Filled with excitement, we went there and ordered 10 wings (Medium/ Medium Hot). After taking a bit, I was filled with remorse and grief. The vinegar smell over took everything. THe difference between Medium and Medium Hot was that Medium Hot has more sauce on top of the wings with oil floating on top. Unbelievable! I expected more spice, more flavor, more moist wings... more pizzazz... I don't know if I had TOO high expectations, or they were having an off day. All I know is, there are local bars in other cities that serve better buffalo wings. Disappointed and utterly shocked that this place has so many positive reviews....
Last year I was on this buffalo wing kick.  I had to get some wings when I was out in Buffalo.  I needed to pick a place to try.  It was close pick between Anchor Bar and Duff's. The wings at Duff's are really good.  The sauces are really pungent also.  They have warnings that Medium is Hot and it just gets worse from there.  The locals are really serious about their buffalo sauce.  I saw the table next to me dipping celery sticks in the buffalo sauce.  DANG!!!  The blue cheese dressing that comes with it is really good too.  A nice creamy sauce to cool you down from all the wing sauce that the wings are drenched in. Too bad you can't substitute onion rings for the fries in their combos.
I would probably be at Duffs all the time if I lived closer. It's the kind of place you go with your boyfriend, your whole family, you girls, your co-workers - it's super, super casual, fast, and delicious. It's the perfect place to grab buffalo wings. Fast service. Parking lot. And lives up to its hype. I'd come here all the time just because it's casual and delicious, since Anchor Bar is a little cozier. It's like apples and oranges; you can't really compare the two but lots of people have preferences. Try both.
This past weekend was my first trip to Buffalo, so naturally, I had to make a pilgrimage to Duff's for the wings.  It was a bit of a trip, but it was definitely worth it.   Don't interpret this review to mean that Duff's is anything fancy--it's the opposite of fancy, in fact.  But if you're a fan of wings and beer (and honestly, who isn't?), this is a holy site.  My hot wings were awesome--meaty, crisp, and hot, but not to the point of ridiculousness where eating becomes more like an endurance contest.  And moreover, the bleu cheese sauce was nothing short of perfect--cool and mild, a perfect complement to both the wings and the fries/onion rings that came with them.  I had a lunch special which, with a couple of beers, came out to less than $20.  What's not to like?
Come here to eat bucket of vinegar.
we ordered the chicken wings..i ordered the bbq..medium light and mild..the taste was okay..the staff are very friendly.. CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!!
Best chili I've ever had. Also don't overlook the fries. If you're a beer guy, try their house brew. It's smooth but flavorful!
This past weekend was my first trip to Buffalo, so naturally, I had to make a pilgrimage to Duff's for the wings.  It was a bit of a trip, but it was definitely worth it.   Don't interpret this review to mean that Duff's is anything fancy--it's the opposite of fancy, in fact.  But if you're a fan of wings and beer (and honestly, who isn't?), this is a holy site.  My hot wings were awesome--meaty, crisp, and hot, but not to the point of ridiculousness where eating becomes more like an endurance contest.  And moreover, the bleu cheese sauce was nothing short of perfect--cool and mild, a perfect complement to both the wings and the fries/onion rings that came with them.  I had a lunch special which, with a couple of beers, came out to less than $20.  What's not to like?
When travelling, I always try to skip the "touristy" places and ask the locals where they enjoy going. That is how I see Duff's in Buffalo... it is the local's choice for best wing joint. Anchor bar has the name recognition as the original wing place, BUT Duff's has perfected the essence of great wings. The sauces, sides, and crispiness of the wings are always a craving pleaser. I've never had a bad order from Duff's! Definitely worth the extra waiting time. A close second for me would be Gabriel's Gate in the City...similar style wings. Yum!
I base this review on my fellow diners' experience.   They loved the wings. I however being a veggie person ordered the veggie burger and fries with a side of suicidal wing sauce.  The veggie burger was great!  Tasted like a jimmy dean sausage.  (yes I still love the taste of meat even though I don't eat it).   The suicidal was not as hot as I expected... but probably would feel hotter were I eating gobs of wings doused in the sauce!
If you live near Duff's consider yourself lucky. I live 400 miles away and still make a couple of pilgrimages a year. Best wings in Buffalo therefore probably best wings in the world. Someone actually gave it one star? C'mon!
3 stars, you know what? im not impressed yea i went to the original and i think its time for them to break the mold and make it worthy of gluttonous buffalo.  2 tvs?  how you suppose to watch football and eat wings?  i know, go somewhere else.   the wings were just ok, some were meaty, some no so, thats some paltry poultry. im sure im not making any friends out here, thats ok too.
Came here on a Buffalo food crawl, and most importantly to test this Anchor Bar vs Duff's rivalry.  Made it in time to order the lunch special (available from11-4): 5 wings and a side for $7.50. Got the wings Medium, fries, and a Duff's micro brew on the side.   As their shirts say here, they don't mess around with heat.  Medium here is most other wing joints' hot.  The wings were delicious, soaked in hot sauce, and definitely superior to the Anchor Bar.  That said, they didn't quite live up to the hype of the best wings ever (which is probably held by places that have figured out the smoking/grilled at the end combination). Very friendly service, reasonable prices, and cozy atmosphere.
Obviously when you think of chicken wings in Buffalo, Duffs is one of the many places that serves up some wings that we have learned to love growing up. I go here mostly during the lunch hour with friends because they have a KILLER lunch special. I mean, can you really beat a single order of wings and two sides for $12? Although Duffs is great and has become a wonderful tourist stop for people coming to Buffalo in their travels, personally, it has lost some of its luster over the years. I only go to Duffs now when its convenient or when people from out of town want to go. Okay okay, yes, the wings are good (like every other place in Buffalo), but what sets them apart is the types of sauces they offer. Anything from mild to suicide! For some people medium (which is their HOT) is too much so they offer different variation of mild and medium sauces which is nice. I can't argue with the reputation that Duffs has built over its many years of service, but check it out for yourself and you can be the judge!!!
The only reason I'm giving Duff's 2 stars is because the service was pretty good. Everything else was eh....the wings were over cooked and the sauce left something to be desired....we asked locals and they said Duff's was better than Anchors.....I find that hard to belive
3 stars, you know what? im not impressed yea i went to the original and i think its time for them to break the mold and make it worthy of gluttonous buffalo.  2 tvs?  how you suppose to watch football and eat wings?  i know, go somewhere else.   the wings were just ok, some were meaty, some no so, thats some paltry poultry. im sure im not making any friends out here, thats ok too.
The name says it all. Just as Anchor Bar will Anchor you to the lowest possible opinion of Buffalo wings, Duff's are... well, Duffs. Buffalo has the best chicken wings on earth. But for some bizarre reason, the true palaces of wings are underrated and unknown, while the two most famous local spots are mediocre at best. Duff's is not the original, but is many people's favourite place for chicken wings. In this case, the myth is larger than the meal. The wings are small and extremely overpriced. The sauce is ridiculously hot but not particularly delicious, not thick and buttery and creamy like many of the local wing spots. It tastes more like straight-up hot sauce: and anyone can make that. If I had to eat a different wing every night for a month, I could easily eat better wings for the entire time, without ever leaving Western New York, but without ever setting foot inside Duff's. Try the wings at Zip's (Hertel), Pauly's (in Clarence), Avenue (lots of locations), even at Jim's Steak Out or Just Pizza, but skip Duff's... grossly overrated. I've noticed people saying that their size has been improved (no longer frozen) and the sauce has been improved (no longer sour red brine), well that is exactly how I remember Duff's, so I suppose I will have to check back and see how things are going. But for me, if a place is as famous as Duff's in a city with wings and good as Buffalo, and they are this bad, and they are using crappy sauce and tiny frozen wings and charging twice as much as anyone else, and taking all the plaudits... well that speaks for itself. I really don't think they deserve a second chance. The only wing places in Buffalo worse than Duff's are Anchor Bar, and Buffalo Wild Wings, which is to Buffalo wings what Taco Bell is to Mexican food. i.e. not the same thing, and stomach-churningly crap.
Duff's wings are hands dowm my favorite in Buffalo.  When people are looking for the best, I always make sure to direct them to Duff's instead of Anchor Bar for a variety of reasons. I know this is the original location, but I usually prefer going to the one on Dick Road for a variety of reasons. About this location: Pros: The combo meals are a great thing to share with dining companions.  They include pitchers of either beer or pop, wings and fries.  If you do the combo, my suggestion is to get beer because there are no refills on the pitchers of pop (but there are on glasses of pop).   If you prefer your wings to be crisp, make sure you let your server know you want them crispy.  They are great about splitting orders so one diner can have a different sauce, crispy (or not), etc. Cons:   This location is ALWAYS crowded.  I've gone at early lunch time (11:00ish), early dinner (4:00), later in the evening (7:00) and have always had to wait for a table.   They won't seat incomplete parties, so make sure everyone gets there before your name is called.  I was once there with a group from work and we got bumped since we were still wating on one person. Service can be a little slow because of how crowded it is but they are generally pretty responsive. It can get REALLY loud in there, especially if there are one or two larger parties. Overall: If you are looking for fantastic wings and great sauce, go to Duff's!  But unless you really want to go to the original location, are right in the area or really enjoy crowds and waiting, visit one of the other locations.
Went  for lunch. Had the medium and mild wings. Both were very good. A little crispy, and not too much sauce. A good balance. Also had a house salad, but truthfully,meh, don't bother. Just stick to the wings and some fries...
Great wings, very spicy and yummy... Salads are eh, but go for the wings, or don't go at all...
Duff's serves the wings I can't get enough of -- crispy and coated in one of their delicious sauces.  My mouth waters whenever I think about going there!
Very much agree that this is 4/5 stars. The wings were excellent as was the service and ambiance. I love spicy and they have just about any level of that you want here. I also had to try the Duff's beer. It's fairly hoppy and reminded me of a mild IPA. Decent, decent. I'll be back.
Best wings! I was introduced to them by my college girlfriend in the 1980s and return whenever possible. Must visit.
Great wings, very spicy and yummy... Salads are eh, but go for the wings, or don't go at all...
Okay, when I travel to Buffalo (which is frequent) I go on a wings eating binge to last me until the next time I come.   I will be honest, I go to both Duff's and Anchor bar and I still can't decide which I like the best.   I prefer the flavor and value of Duff's.  Can't go wrong with $30 for 20 wings, bucket of fries and a small pitcher of beer.   I prefer the crispiness of the Anchor Bar wings, but I still find myself at least one night at Duff's enjoying the flavor of their wings.  I just wish they had more bar seating as that is where I prefer to eat my wings. But, can't go wrong with Duff's.
Messy and dripping with sauce just how I like it. The more sauce the better in my opinion. Wings were larger and juicier than Anchor Bar's. Line was kind of long though and space a bit tight.
I've been here numerous times. At first the medium is hot, medium hot is... got me scared enough to stick to the lower end of the hotness scale. But the last few times I went I went all out going to hot and taking it like a champ even as I watch the browns go to the superbowl. I partiularly enjoy the combo they have for around 20 bucks which includes 20 wings, fries and a small pitcher of soda. It's a good cheap place to get full, drink plenty, and discuss as to which wing place is the best in the world.
I'm really gratified to see that Duffs on Sheridan has better reviews than Duffs in Orchard Park. There is something about the faux-wood paneling and scratched black plates at Duffs Sheridan that makes it oh-so-genuine. Like grandma went and threw 30 wings in a fryer just for you. I'm not being facetious here: I love the divey feeling of this place. It's probably stupid to even mention that these wings are gawd damned incredible. It's like the very flesh of Christ, but without all the baggage. Only once did I have better wings, and yes, it was at Anchor Bar, and that was only once. Duffs is more consistent. Always great. Always. As for the comparison to the OP Duffs... It's just so satisfying to see better reviews here. This is what Buffalo is all about - modesty, good food, rough around the edges. I  mean the wings are good at OP as well, but there's something about the proximity to Bills Stadium that brings in the wrong vibe. Like the time I was out there and seated right by the door, 10 minutes before the end of a losing game. Stacks of furious white men piled up post-game and glared down at me, hungry. Happy to report I've never had a bad experience here at the Sheridan location.
If you are stopping through Buffalo, NY and are in need for some authentic wings Duff's is definitely the place to go! I have been here numerous amount of times since moving here and have never been let down.  The menu consists of a few other items that I can't say I've tried (or ever will).  The place is a hole in the wall that somewhat resembles the basement of a house.  The staff is young.  The bar is small.  But all in all the wings are delicious.  They come out super fast and still smoking hot from the frier.  You have a list of sauce heats to choose from.  They abide by the rules that their temperatures are underestimating the really "hotness" of their wings but I am a regular to the hot hot wings-- which, mind you, don't even make me sweat.  I've been working my way up the ladder since moving here and I think on my next venture to Duff's I might even try the suicide wings to take a real risk! I'm not walking around saying these are the end-all wings of the world but they are damn good and reasonably priced.  Try them out but don't forget the other little gems of Buffalo that didn't create Buffalo wings are you won't be let down either!
Wanting to try buffalo wings in buffalo, NY this place showed up on the search results. Buffalo wild wings is better than wingstop and both are better than duff's. All 3 Have similar style of cooking and saucing their wings by first deep frying them then drenching them in sauce. Their large fries is bigger than a super size at mcdonalds. Also came with carrots and celery sticks. We got hot bbq, medium and hot. Medium is equal to hot while hot is very hot. The menu says it and its true so you have been warned. Of the 3, the hot bbq was the most enjoyable. The prices nearly averaged $1 per wing which isnt worth it when I can get a better value and taste at buffalo wild wings. I would pass on this place.
If your looking for BUFFALO WINGS then Duffs is the place.. If you want specialty wings with parmesan or honey, go somewhere else. You can't beat the specials either. I get the 20 wings basket of fries( which are always done to perfection) and a large pitcher of pop and it is perfect for two. The wings are big crispy and super saucy which is just how I like it. So, if you want a traditional Buffalo wing experience this is the place to go.
I'm really gratified to see that Duffs on Sheridan has better reviews than Duffs in Orchard Park. There is something about the faux-wood paneling and scratched black plates at Duffs Sheridan that makes it oh-so-genuine. Like grandma went and threw 30 wings in a fryer just for you. I'm not being facetious here: I love the divey feeling of this place. It's probably stupid to even mention that these wings are gawd damned incredible. It's like the very flesh of Christ, but without all the baggage. Only once did I have better wings, and yes, it was at Anchor Bar, and that was only once. Duffs is more consistent. Always great. Always. As for the comparison to the OP Duffs... It's just so satisfying to see better reviews here. This is what Buffalo is all about - modesty, good food, rough around the edges. I  mean the wings are good at OP as well, but there's something about the proximity to Bills Stadium that brings in the wrong vibe. Like the time I was out there and seated right by the door, 10 minutes before the end of a losing game. Stacks of furious white men piled up post-game and glared down at me, hungry. Happy to report I've never had a bad experience here at the Sheridan location.
You like Buffalo wings?  Make a pilgrimage to this place.  Check out Niagara Falls while you're at it. P.S. don't order the death sauce.  They need to make that illegal.  Their Mild is hot enough and hot is good enough if you want a kick. I think they did a Food Wars episode between this place and Anchor Bar and this place won.  Their wings are quite saucy but it works.  Only if this place wasn't 3000 miles away.
Duffs is supposedly "The Birthplace of Buffalo Wings". Whenever I tell people that I go to school in Buffalo they ask me two questions. 1. How do you survive the winters there? 2. CAN YOU BRING ME BACK BUFFALO WINGS? 1. It's not too bad. If you have warm boots you'll be a-okay.   2. No, that's disgusting. It's a 6 hour drive. The wings are pretty good here I'll admit to that. If you order spicy be prepared to eat FIRE!!! (I'm serious) Also order fries, you have to order fries. Mmmm. But I feel like it's not to hard to make a good batch of Buffalo Wings so I feel that other restaurants can serve just as good wings. Also, don't eat chicken wings too often. Each chicken only has 2 wings!
Well it beats the anchor bar but nothing to write home about.  They were good wings but by far the best.  They are not shy with the sauce if you get med hot that's for sure.  Ordered them extra crispy and they were not close to that, it could be because they were drowned in sauce..  Not bad worth a stop if your a wing head... Still have not found a place in the country that can beat buffalo bills roadhouse outside of Pittsburgh pa
Maybe its because everyone hyped this place up so much and I came with unrealistic expectations - I definitely left disappointed. We got one of the specials: 20 wings, large fries, and a small pitcher of beer. First of all, the bud light was a little flat and not cold enough. My dad and I were sharing it and we didn't even finish the whole thing... The wings were good but not worth the hype - we got the "medium" sauce. They just weren't as meaty as they should've been (see picture - that small looking plate had 20 wings!) And the meat itself was dry. We also got a little cup of the "hot" sauce to dip the wings in but it just tasted like vinegar which was disappointing because you have to pay extra for any extra sauce. Just all around disappointing because we came expecting amazing, authentic wings. The fries were perfect though - just the right amount of grease but still thin and crispy enough. And the blue cheese was really good too. We also got the mozzarella sticks and jalapeño poppers to start with. The mozzarella sticks were really good (4/5) and the jalapeño poppers were okay (3/5). The whole set up/ambiance was appropriate for what the place was - a local joint, very simple, old school. You can tell they focus on the food more than anything else. They even give you a little bucket to put the bones in while you eat. The service was good for the beginning of the meal - they were very friendly and accommodating. But the waitress brought our check before we were even done eating! I'm sorry but that's rude. It was pretty busy and there was a wait when we left but still, if I'm at a restaurant I don't want to be rushed out by anyone. I just can't give this place 4 stars though.
When ever I return to Buffalo this is the first place I try. I like mild-med the best! The fries are also really good!
We were in town visiting the guy's family and decided to stop in for lunch. I LOVE chicken wings and he said that this place would be one of the better places to go in the land of buffalo wings. I got the lunch special, chicken wings with two sides. I got fries and chilli. He got some sandwich and mozzarella sticks. Mmm cheese-sticks. Ok, anyways, they give you a massive amount of food for a very reasonable price. Chicken wings were def good. We would go back but I need to continue my quest for the best chicken wings.
Seriously skip the Anchor Bar and go for the real treasure at Duff's.  I still have yet to find better wings anywhere.
Maybe its because everyone hyped this place up so much and I came with unrealistic expectations - I definitely left disappointed. We got one of the specials: 20 wings, large fries, and a small pitcher of beer. First of all, the bud light was a little flat and not cold enough. My dad and I were sharing it and we didn't even finish the whole thing... The wings were good but not worth the hype - we got the "medium" sauce. They just weren't as meaty as they should've been (see picture - that small looking plate had 20 wings!) And the meat itself was dry. We also got a little cup of the "hot" sauce to dip the wings in but it just tasted like vinegar which was disappointing because you have to pay extra for any extra sauce. Just all around disappointing because we came expecting amazing, authentic wings. The fries were perfect though - just the right amount of grease but still thin and crispy enough. And the blue cheese was really good too. We also got the mozzarella sticks and jalapeño poppers to start with. The mozzarella sticks were really good (4/5) and the jalapeño poppers were okay (3/5). The whole set up/ambiance was appropriate for what the place was - a local joint, very simple, old school. You can tell they focus on the food more than anything else. They even give you a little bucket to put the bones in while you eat. The service was good for the beginning of the meal - they were very friendly and accommodating. But the waitress brought our check before we were even done eating! I'm sorry but that's rude. It was pretty busy and there was a wait when we left but still, if I'm at a restaurant I don't want to be rushed out by anyone. I just can't give this place 4 stars though.
The wings here are awesome! I've since moved from Buffalo but man do I miss the wings. Doesn't seem like anywhere else you can get wings with this much love put into them when made. Every time I come back I pack at least 50 of the super hot wings home. (caution... Don't eat too many unless you're ready to sweat!) Extra crispy is definitely a good option if you're dining in but it doesn't matter if you're taking it home. The place is pretty small and can sometimes get loud but I really think it adds to the ambiance. Stop on by and you won't be disappointed unless your idea of a good wing is from KFC or WingStreet (gag). BTW ... I've never tried anything else on the menu so I can't vouch for anything else.
Anchor Bar is the first, but Duff's is the best.  I get the Buffalo Chicken Fingers and I drench them in blue cheese.  Add some beer and some of their skinny french fries (kind of like a softer version of McDonald's fries), and you've got a perfect evening.  It was big part of my weight gain upon my move to Buffalo! I only gave it four stars because of the negatives:  The staff are pretty rude, they know they don't have to be nice to get patrons (main negative).  The dining room is pretty small, so at peak times, it's a bit of a pain.
OK Buffalo wings; a little heavy on the vinegar but taste e. This is a no frills wings joint. Good service!
So I came back here to give it another try.  This time, I tried the "medium" which is actually their hot wings.  It definitely had more flavor and spice relative to my previous experience but overall, was average relative to other wings places I've been too.  The service is always very good and the location/ambiance is not too bad.   So the experience, considering everything, is a solid 3 stars.  I guess I am not convinced these are close to the "best wings" that upstate NY has to offer?  As a native of Rochester my "bar" may be pretty high.  I am not opposed to giving them yet another try but at this point, not sure my review has room to budge above 3 stars.
No extra frills. Just amazing wings, sauce and fries. Best wings in Buffalo. A staple for locals or anyone visiting. Tip, if you go on a week night, you can avoid the mass wait. When I graduate, I'll probably miss Duff's the most :(
This place is a well oiled chicken dealing machine; highly organized, efficient, and seasoned Duff's is what all chicken wing places strive to be. I wandered up to Buffalo mainly to search out cool junk and eat the food of the native people and the latter definitely panned out, the food was awesome. When we walked into the place it was packed, I thought we'd never get a seat but the majority of the folks looming around were take out orders. This place is extremely popular and for good reason. Don't be scared of a wait, like I said, they are efficient and very fast at serving and turn around. If you're in the area give Duff's a try, it's really the only thing worth a damn in Buffalo as far as I could tell. Details: -The servers shirts say the medium are hot, the medium hot are hot-hot, and the hot are supposed to be crazy hot. So someone who eats spicy and hot food don't be scared of the hot wings, they are great with a really delicious heat. Beware though, Buffalo wings have a lot of vinegar in them so there is a tangyness too. -Parking can be a hassle. -A large pitcher is 4 beers, the small is 2. -Tip your waitress.
If you ever go to Buffalo everybody will tell you to go to the Anchor Bar, I have been to both and Duff's is where you go if it is about the WINGS!  If its about "BTDT" (been there, done that) then you add the Anchor Bar to your resume.  Don't judge Buffalo Wings in Buffalo by the Anchor Bar.  Duff's rules!
So I came back here to give it another try.  This time, I tried the "medium" which is actually their hot wings.  It definitely had more flavor and spice relative to my previous experience but overall, was average relative to other wings places I've been too.  The service is always very good and the location/ambiance is not too bad.   So the experience, considering everything, is a solid 3 stars.  I guess I am not convinced these are close to the "best wings" that upstate NY has to offer?  As a native of Rochester my "bar" may be pretty high.  I am not opposed to giving them yet another try but at this point, not sure my review has room to budge above 3 stars.
On our way to Niagara Falls, I knew we had to make a stop in Buffalo to eat real Buffalo wings. This place was well reviewed and so off to Duff's we went! We grabbed one of the last tables at the end of the lunch rush. We both ordered their wing lunch combo: 10 wings with 2 sides (choice of soup, salad, chili or fries). We went with the double order of fries which looking back was way too much fried food in one sitting, but salad and wings don't make sense. Anyway, on their menu they list "medium - it's very hot", "hot- it's very very hot" and so forth. I love hot stuff, but the "very very hot" for a wing place steered me to medium. Big mistake. It was like any other medium sauce and I craved the hotter sauce the rest of the meal. Jeff ordered mild which meant little to no wing sauce. Overall, we thought it was an average place with average flavors.
After doing some due diligence on wings in Buffalo for my 24-hour stay there, I decided that Duff's would be my first stop and Anchor Bar my 2nd. "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" indeed.  These are hands-down the best wings I've ever had (and I came of age eating Buff's wings in Newton, MA). Crispy, spicy but not tear-inducing spicy (we got the Medium), and the sauce was fantastic. Thick, vinegary, buttery. I'm already scheming ideas for an excuse to visit Buffalo again, just to have those wings again.
Consistently the best wings in buffalo.  My preference: medium light.
Maybe my expectations had been unrealistically heightened by all the hype on yelp and the photos of president Obama gracing the venue, but with my first bite into the dry-skinned, generic Buffalo sauce soaked little wings, all my hopes and dreams to enjoy what made Buffalo famous came crashing down:( We came around 3PM on a Sunday, and the restaurant was bustling with diners of every type, a good sign, so I thought and further elevated my already high expectations.  We were promptly seated at 1 of 2 open booths available at the moment. Service was quick and efficient: brought the menu, the drinks, took our order, brought our order and disappeared. We ended up taking our check up to the cash register long after we finished our wings and emptied our glasses to pay for our meal. I shared the 20 famous wings order with my dad (10 medium and 10 hot BBQ). I painstakingly finished my 10, and it was not very enjoyable, the hot BBQ tasted slightly better than the medium. The skin and meat near the surface were dry and the inside flesh wasn't very moist either. It honestly tasted just like the walmart deli buffalo wings I had back in Colorado, edible, generic, and nothing more. The medium sauce tasted exactly like Frank's Redhot Buffalo Wing Sauce I used to buy. I think because I have had the pleasure of tasting the double-fried Bon-Chon Korean-Style wings that I was expecting the same crunchy skin that soaks up a stickier Buffalo sauce to give a flavorful punch to the juicy chicken meat inside. However, it was not double fried, the skin was just dry, nor was it prepared in any special way. Thus, my first attempt to enjoy the famous Buffalo wing at its source was an underwhelming let-down.
Granted, I'm not from Buffalo, but this beats every buffalo wing I've had. (I prefer boneless, so I'd take that over these, but these were terrific and worth the disgusting mess left on my face and hands.) It's a dive, to be sure, but worth a visit.
My fam and I had just concluded our vacation in Canada, and two things crossed my mind: the grueling 7-hour long drive back home to Boston (ugh) and what's for lunch on the way. I knew stopping at another Roy Rogers would be suicidal. *light bulb moment* We're going to pass through Buffalo, NY aka. where buffalo wings originated from! Phoned a friend/local for details and she recommended Duff's. The wings were bomb! Crispy skin, just enough batter, meaty, equal amount of drums/flats, and amazing hot sauces. I can't look at other buffalo wings the same anymore. There were several hot sauce options...a bit overwhelming. Apparently, medium = hot... and hot = very hot?? Then there's mild and light. We ordered mild-medium, medium-light, and medium. There were slight differences between them. If you prefer more crisp/less sauce, then go with mild-medium. Also, the fries tasted like McDonald's! No complaints here. Thanks to Duff's, the long ride home wasn't so bad after all.
Stopped for chicken wings with an out of town friend.   What a major disappointment.   The service was less than average.   The wings were nothing to rave about. I have had better wings at local pizza shops! Sorry wont be back!!
Maybe my expectations had been unrealistically heightened by all the hype on yelp and the photos of president Obama gracing the venue, but with my first bite into the dry-skinned, generic Buffalo sauce soaked little wings, all my hopes and dreams to enjoy what made Buffalo famous came crashing down:( We came around 3PM on a Sunday, and the restaurant was bustling with diners of every type, a good sign, so I thought and further elevated my already high expectations.  We were promptly seated at 1 of 2 open booths available at the moment. Service was quick and efficient: brought the menu, the drinks, took our order, brought our order and disappeared. We ended up taking our check up to the cash register long after we finished our wings and emptied our glasses to pay for our meal. I shared the 20 famous wings order with my dad (10 medium and 10 hot BBQ). I painstakingly finished my 10, and it was not very enjoyable, the hot BBQ tasted slightly better than the medium. The skin and meat near the surface were dry and the inside flesh wasn't very moist either. It honestly tasted just like the walmart deli buffalo wings I had back in Colorado, edible, generic, and nothing more. The medium sauce tasted exactly like Frank's Redhot Buffalo Wing Sauce I used to buy. I think because I have had the pleasure of tasting the double-fried Bon-Chon Korean-Style wings that I was expecting the same crunchy skin that soaks up a stickier Buffalo sauce to give a flavorful punch to the juicy chicken meat inside. However, it was not double fried, the skin was just dry, nor was it prepared in any special way. Thus, my first attempt to enjoy the famous Buffalo wing at its source was an underwhelming let-down.
Duff's is my favourite place I've found for chicken wings!  This includes some of the other well known wing joints in town.  I should make a note that Buffalo wings are my favourite wings. I like wings either medium, hot or suicide.  This place has amazing medium and hot wings.  On top of that the blue cheese is some of the best I've ever had.   The service is fast and there's all kinds of parking.  The place is a hole but the food and service is fast and great. I'm actually salivating thinking about their wings right now!
WOW great wings! Fell right off the bone. I got the Duff's hot sauce. It was pretty hot. I got Death Sauce on the side. I thought the Duff's was not hot enough, so put the death on after eating 1. Well the first 7 were very hot, the last two I felt I was on "Man vs Food" trying to finish a hot wing challenge. I never use Blue Cheese on my wings and I had to. Again Death Sauce was Very HOT! So be careful. This is from a wing eater that never has found a hot enough sauce. I have every hot sauce in my fridge, so it is very hot. Be warned! Got fries on the side and they were what you expect. This place lived up to its Buffalo wing reputation!
I used to visit Duff's semi-regularly when I was living upstate and had a friend living in Buffalo, but (until this past weekend) haven't been there since I moved down to NYC in 2003.  That being the case, I was concerned that my memories of its awesomeness were a bit enhanced by the passage of time and the haze of drunkenness that clouds many of my memories of that era. Well, it turns out I had no reason for concern.  The wings were every bit as awesome as I remembered.  (And the large order of fries was every bit as large.)  Good size, not over- or undercooked, great flavor.  Some places try to tweak the recipe by throwing in black pepper or other stuff, but you really can't go wrong with the classic version.  Man, I just wish it was closer.
Great place to grab wings - we ordered medium and medium hot given the warnings on the menu.  Medium hot had some nice heat to it, I might be brave and try the next level. The onion rings were good as well. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area.
Sure, they're good wings.  Definitely better than the Anchor Bar. But really, in Erie, PA wings like these are a dime a dozen. I may go back next time that I'm in Buffalo and I'll enjoy them, but they're way too overpriced for wings that in Erie would only be considered mediocre.
I was a vegetarian forever, and now I live in Phoenix, so I had to get wings at Duff's when I came back to Buffalo for a visit.  Seriously, I want to go back to all of my reviews of places in Phoenix and knock off one star since there isn't anything better than five stars. I asked for my wings hot and with no other instructions I got PERFECT WINGS.  They were cooked until crispy, not left squishy and undercooked like most restaurants (in Phoenix) do unless you specifically say crispy.  Then they were drowned in a huge puddle of a Frank's-based sauce that was actually hot, not just a little spicy. This place is small and busy so be prepared to wait a little, but it is sooooo worth it.
So I was determined to try some buffalo wings while in town, and I decided on Duff's.  Yes, their wings really are good.  They are meaty, have just the right amount of sauce, and have a decent amount of spiciness to them (at least for me).  I have tried both the medium-hot and the hot levels.  The medium-hot isn't "very hot" like they say, but the hot (which is supposed to be "very very hot") was just right.  For just wings, it can be a bit pricey, but their lunch specials make it a good deal.  Just grab a glass/pitcher of beer with it and you're all set!
Great place to grab wings - we ordered medium and medium hot given the warnings on the menu.  Medium hot had some nice heat to it, I might be brave and try the next level. The onion rings were good as well. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area.
Wings were great if you don't mind the crap service. The girls working there did not care we were their and were too interested in the television show they were watching. We asked questions about the menu and didn't get full answers. The day we went we sat under a fan that was leaking, we inquired about it was was told that it was known to leak when it rained, yet were not moved. We stayed for about 2 hours to stay with friends and chat and were only checked on once. We come to buffalo a lot and will not return. We would prefer to go somewhere that serves good food along with good service.
As a tourist traveling through Buffalo on my way to Niagara, I was hoping to get some awesome "buffalo wings".   I decided to consult Yelp to find a spot to indulge myself.  The top 2 spots appeared to be Anchor Bar and Duffs.  Duffs had the better reviews in the recent months, so that's where I went.  This place is tiny!  I got there with a party of 4 around 3 PM and was told there was a 25 minute wait.  The parking lot was packed, so I wasn't surprised.  After looking around,  I could see why.  There are not very many tables, and even though there are no TVs in the dining area, people were lingering for a while after eating.  The wait time was pretty accurate, and when we were seated, we all decided to try various degrees of hotness for the wings as a part of the lunch special (10 wings and 2 sides for $10).   To be completely honest, the wings were not that great.  They weren't bad, just not that great.  The signs say caution:  medium is Hot, hot is Very Hot, etc etc...  I had the medium, and they were tolerable, not hot.  I don't like super-hot food, but the fact that I could eat them with no problem made me a little sad.   The fries are bad, dry, cold, and not salted at all.  The soup was average.  The service was also average, and the bathroom was dirty.  My overall opinion on this place is that it is completely passable.  Unfortunately, I did not go to Anchor Bar, so I can't compare it to anywhere else local to the area.
The best wings. Period. Better than Anchor Bar. We always order one of the meal deals, which is 20 wings, an enormous amount of fries and a pitcher of soda.
Pretty solid wings. While Anchor was first, Duff's is the best.
If you are looking for the greatest wings on the face of the planet, then look no further than Duff's. The Duff's experience: You enter a dimly lit establishment with two and a half rooms and the pervading smell of wings and Frank's hot sauce. As you enter, you immediately hit a bar taking up 50% of the real estate in one room, with a grainy 19" TV before turning the corner and entering a time warp. Is it 1960? 1980? 1990? Did I sit at this same table, in the same chair, in the mid-80's as I watched my father drink the extra hot sauce (not called 'suicide' at the time) on a $10 bet with one of his friends? Perhaps, and that's part of what gives Duff's its charm. There are three categories that a fine establishment must meet to be considered the best of the best in serving chicken wings: Category 1: Is the wing plump and juicy? To qualify to pass this round, the establishment can't serve up the Tyson-style wings that you get in your grocer's freezer - you know the kind - completely devoid of meat and lacking in the proper skin-to-meat ratio. At Duff's, very very rarely do you get the lone underdeveloped wing - 99% of the time you get the real deal - a thick, plump meaty mass of chicken goodness. Category 2: When you bite into the wing, is there a subtle crunch-like effect? Establishments passing this round of testing have proved their mettle in not over-cooking their wings (resulting in a shriveled up crunchy wing-like product), and they also supply enough Buffalo-style hot sauce that the wing doesn't wilt under the added sauciness, resulting in a wing that is soggy and soft. Duff's excels in this category with giving you a perfectly cooked wing, EVERY SINGLE TIME. This is an extraordinarily rare feat and I have experienced the quality and consistency of their properly cooked wings for over two decades. Having eaten here well over 100 times, I cannot remember one instance when the wing wasn't absolutely perfect. Category 3: Wing-taste-to-sauce-ratio. The often overlooked category and the hardest to overcome in a wing taste test. This category is where the true winners of the best wing contests stand out. The proper hot sauce, coupled with the just right portion, should leave you with a wing that doesn't leave you gasping for air (spicy, but not "mean spicy", just tasty spicy is what we are going for here). Many establishments can get categories 1 and 2 correct, but they fail miserably on category 3. This is the category where Duff's excels beyond every single other wing produced in the world. Words can't possibly do their sauces justice. I for one love very spicy food and their Suicide wing sauce should be enshrined in the Smithsonian - it is, beyond a doubt, a true master work that has many many many imitators, but absolutely no one in the industry who comes remotely close to matching the spice-to-taste ratio that the Suicide sauce encompasses. Aside from all of this goodness, you get the CORRECT portion of celery, bleu cheese, and carrots to accompany your wings - large pieces of vegetable, and a large cup of blue cheese, all at NO EXTRA CHARGE. Take note all you imitators - do not serve skimpy celery-and-carrot-sticks-in-a-pack with a separate 'remove foil' type bleu cheese with what you call 'Buffalo wings' and then charge extra for it. That's preposterous and insulting. The Duff's way is the standard, with no nickel and dime-ing to be had here - the veggies and bleu cheese come with the wings, in sufficiently large quantities, as it should. Do you have to wait on a typical night to get a table? Absolutely. Is the restaurant typically a bit noisy on the whole? Absolutely. Is the service hit and miss? Actually not - the service is consistently top notch, even on busy nights - they know how to flip tables here without making you feel like you're taking up valuable space or taking too long to finish eating. Will you be spoiled after eating at Duff's and never look at a wing the same way again? Unfortunately, yes. There is no other wing that compares, and beware - once you eat wings here, there is no going back.
Pure and simple, wings. Deliciously crispy on the outside, meaty and moist on the inside. Forget Anchor Bar and go to Duffs. Expect a wait if youre going at a peak time: weekends, dinner time. But its well worth it. Take out is also great. Lunch is extremely cheap for all of the food you get. The inside is nothing special but that's not the reason you go to Duffs.
I've only had wings and fries. Both are excellent!! A fun place to watch sports.  Their reputation for wings is well deserved. Enjoy!!
Pretty solid wings. While Anchor was first, Duff's is the best.
On the way to Toronto, we took a detour to see what buffalo wings in Buffalo were all about. We've seen several shows on the Travel Channel recycling Duff's and Anchor Bar material, so why not stop in? The look and feel of Duff's reminded me of the local taverns in Indiana I grew up with and worked in as a teenager. So as we waited in the rather long line with some rather large people, I began to realize we were in for a festival of fried food... The beer selection was a collection of domestic lagers by large corporations. The Duff's Brown was in the same league. It was though we had already passed into Canada! O Canada! O How Your Beer Sucks! Forty Four minutes later, a sticky table was presented. It was our turn! We ordered the beef on weck, jalapeno poppers, onion rings and both BBQ and Medium Hot wings. And why not? We were there to soak in BUFFALO, NY! Bring it!! The jalapeno poppers were disgusting. We pulled them apart and found a heavily breaded and fried strip of some sort of green "pepper" with a chunk of unmelted soft cheese. I would not have been surprised to see someone dip these in ketchup. But I can only wish as I did not see anyone else order these "poppers". People were there for the wings, right? The beef on weck was very overcooked and dry. The bun was coated, not seasoned with salt. My first beef on weck was from Seattle's Buffalo Deli in Belltown, but the Duff's version didn't even make it to the starting line in that contest. So far, Buffalo is not being represented well. Ah, the wings...The wings were very crispy. Which is to say they were over-fried and dry. I know some people like crispy over-fried chicken wings. However, that is not my preference. The wing sauces were one dimensional and not particularly hot. The side of  blue cheese looked and tasted  as though straight out of a gallon plastic container of Sysco Blue Cheese. We ate about half the wings and then just threw in the towel. Based on the number of positive reviews, I have to wonder if we just had an off batch of wings, but when I think about how poor the quality of everything was, I suspect the answer is that maybe I'm just not into cheap fried tavern food anymore. On the way back, we stopped at Hatties in Saratoga Springs. Their wings were much better than the wings we had in Buffalo. And they have Sierra Nevada beer.
Nobody prepares or serves wings like Duff's. The sauce is so simple, and so perfect. The cayenne pepper flavor of Frank's improved and coated onto your wings. The hot wings are served in a salad bowl of sauce - unique and amazing. The fries are thin cut and crispy, complimenting the sauce. Go ahead, dip them. I also recommend a light beer to help manage the heat, but leaving room for wings and fries. Drink water to replace the fluids lost to perspiration. The decor is minimal, but everyone at Duff's is focused on one thing only. Eat here and enjoy.   Busiest times: Holiday weekends, most Friday nights, before hockey games. But the wait is usually not bad and they have Centipede.
Mediocre wings at best. Our wings were small, dry, and over sauced. Save your 40USD and go somewhere more deserving of your hard earned money.
This past week was our first trip into Buffalo. I was dying to go try the wings at the original place anchor bar. However I was encouraged by patrons at where we were staying to skip the anchor bar and go straight to duffs for some of the best flavored wings in town. I was dubious at best. I mean there's really only one original right. However just because it's original doesn't mean it's the best. And with that being said I am not comparing this to anchor bar but all I am saying is these were some of the most fantastic wings I have ever had at any facility. Based on other yelpers reviews we went to the original location. Parking was a bit of a challenge and I've taken away a star for the facility and parking. The food absolutely five star. I would go back in a heartbeat next time we are in town.
My Favorite wing place. Ask for them extra crispy and medium is hot enough for most so just ask for the hot on the side to start.
Buffalo wings in Buffalo: Good wings, though I've had as good elsewhere. Service was fast and friendly.  The dining room was about at the level of a typical pizzeria.
Best wings I have had. Has made me a believer again. Tried med and flavor was great. Maybe next time will try med/hot as I like a little more heat. Wings were fried just right with the perfect amount of sauce.
This past week was our first trip into Buffalo. I was dying to go try the wings at the original place anchor bar. However I was encouraged by patrons at where we were staying to skip the anchor bar and go straight to duffs for some of the best flavored wings in town. I was dubious at best. I mean there's really only one original right. However just because it's original doesn't mean it's the best. And with that being said I am not comparing this to anchor bar but all I am saying is these were some of the most fantastic wings I have ever had at any facility. Based on other yelpers reviews we went to the original location. Parking was a bit of a challenge and I've taken away a star for the facility and parking. The food absolutely five star. I would go back in a heartbeat next time we are in town.
1) Why is anyone in the world ordering anything besides chicken wings at this place? This place looks like a college mess hall and is staffed to match (I should clarify that the staff is nice and hardworking). Beef on weck? Are you out of your goddamned mind? Jalapeño poppers to start? Are you being executed in Texas tomorrow? 2) Why does anyone in the world believe that the sauce is actually going to be as hot as advertised here? Suicidal is the way to go. (Side note: crispy is the way to go, too). 3) The fries need salt. 4) Stop your disgusting fetish with proving how much you know about microbrews. If you're so aggressively offended by "macrobrews," content yourself with the knowledge that Dick Yuengling stands by his product, and he's not yet able to distribute nationally. Have a pitcher of his Lager and be happy that you can masturbate to a glass of Odell 5 Barrel Pale Ale when you get back home. Americans are so stupid because they like cheap beer, Mona! 5) The wings are quite good when ordered in the manner I've prescribed. Yes, you can handle "suicidal" sauce.
Every time I am in Buffalo, I feel the need to visit Duff's.  Best wings I have ever had.  People who make wings in Ohio really need to take a field trip to this place and check it out.  I think they could learn a thing or two. I tend to end up at Duff's with a large group of people, and it has never been a problem.  There are always ways to seat us, and food arrives extremely quickly. I've only been here a few times, but I have yet to be disappointed.  I plan on stuffing my face at Duff's again in the future.
Awesome wings!  Best in town!  Be sure to eat in. The atmosphere makes the wings that much better!
I was very anxious to try this place when it came recommended by all the locals. I am now reconsidering my decision to move here and am being very selective on who I associate with. Yes, I now feel like I live in an alternate dimension of the twilight zone. A place where the only food people ate their entire live's were saltines, then Duff's wings opened and you could get saltines shaped like chicken wings drowning in a bowl of some type of concoction people think is hot sauce. Ok, they do taste like chicken, if you like chicken with your hot sauce.  I seriously had to fish for the wings that were sitting at the bottom of  a pond of Wing Sauce. It was the equivalent of pouring a bottle of ketchup over rib-eye. The wings were also mushy, but I can't tell if that was from being under-cooked or sitting in a quart of sauce. This place reminded me of cheap poorly made boardwalk food. Considering how many people like this place makes me wonder what kind of food they have been subjected to in recent years. Hopefully the Buffalo resurgence will spur a dawn of palate complexity.
Can't believe I graduated from UB in the late 70s and never ate here! Now living in Pittsburgh, I've been back to Buffalo a few times, and always stopped at the Anchor Bar for wings. Last time I went, the wings were not great, which I attributed to dining between shifts. Having seen Duff's on TV and yelp, my son and I decided to give it a go the day after Christmas. Stopped in at 11:15 - only one other couple in the joint. Very casual. Went with a 20 piece order of Hot wings. I love to see wings come out with steam rising off them, the kind that makes your eyes water (both from vinegar and joy). Gotta say, these were the BEST wings I've had. Perfectly crispy, with a good slathering of just the right heat sauce. Had been worried that they might be a tad too spicy, but they were PER-FECTO! And they held their crisp through almost the entire lunch. And, being a bigger fan of the wing than the drumstick, this batch had a ratio of 4:1!  The order came with a small side of celery and carrots, and standard bleu cheese. But the wings made the entire trip worthwhile. Duff's makes the definitive Buffalo Wing! And when we left 45 minutes later, the place was packed, with people waiting to get in. I'm already looking forward to my next trip back...
duffs has some pretty good wings, definitely is up to par with the competition. Order the wings mild/hot with a side of fries, and its pretty juicy and flavorful. There's a lil bit of hype about this place, but it's not like Amazing. But good. I probably will be back, but im not in a hurry to.
I loved the selection of wing flavored they had. I got hot and it came in way to much sauce but the flavor was delicious.  I am from out of town and it seems like a must see place if your in Buffalo but you won't be let down.
I was very anxious to try this place when it came recommended by all the locals. I am now reconsidering my decision to move here and am being very selective on who I associate with. Yes, I now feel like I live in an alternate dimension of the twilight zone. A place where the only food people ate their entire live's were saltines, then Duff's wings opened and you could get saltines shaped like chicken wings drowning in a bowl of some type of concoction people think is hot sauce. Ok, they do taste like chicken, if you like chicken with your hot sauce.  I seriously had to fish for the wings that were sitting at the bottom of  a pond of Wing Sauce. It was the equivalent of pouring a bottle of ketchup over rib-eye. The wings were also mushy, but I can't tell if that was from being under-cooked or sitting in a quart of sauce. This place reminded me of cheap poorly made boardwalk food. Considering how many people like this place makes me wonder what kind of food they have been subjected to in recent years. Hopefully the Buffalo resurgence will spur a dawn of palate complexity.
From California to Buffalo, NY  I traveled, and I found the best Buffalo Wings ever. With much hype, and from yelp, the WINGS are incredible. I went here last Wednesday night, and now I only have the reminiscing memories of the finely fried crispy wing, with some medium/hot sauce that left me wanting more and more...... Right when you enter the place you are instantly hit by the aroma of spicy wings. Nice no frills type of place.. what you see is what you get type of place. Bigger parties you will wait at least 30 mins to 1 hr. But for 2-4 people you would probably wait about 10-30 mins depending on the rush. The wait is because of customers' indulging their face with spicy Buffalo WINGS plus all I kept on seeing while sitting there was numerous large grocery bags of TO-GO orders which can slows down the orders. Luckily for us, we only waiting about 12 mins or so.  I order for two, and we had the 20 wings and small pitcher for $21.95 and a order of large fries $3.20. We also tried their DUFF's own beer which was good, but not great in weight and taste; it is little more on the hoppy side. It was delicious from the start to the 3/4 mark when my stomach said I need to stop eating mark or else FEEL THE PAIN tomorrow -- X_x I ended up eating 15 wings that night, and constantly wiping sweat from my face.  The last 8 or so wings was the epic battle. I would say what really stood out is the crispiness of the wings because the whole entire wing is crispy and crunchy (very hard to find).. The sauce was spicy of course, but it had a rich flavor to it. The fries is just alright, but a plus for quantity of portion. I would say 2 THUMBS way up for this place if you want to satisfy a Buffalo WING fix this is your place  =)
After hearing about Buffalo Wings for many years, I finally had to go where the Buffalo roam. That is in the Buffalo area to track down some of the best there is. Duff's Famous Wings is the place to-go. As I was invited to this place by a local friend, I was in good hands. We order 20 mild and 20 medium hot Buffalo Wings. The chicken was crispy and meat drumettes and wings. Wow, I was impress how good these were even without the sauce for the mild ones. The medium ones were spicy, but not enough for me. I should had gotten the next level. The place is always packed as I was told, and waiting could be a bit long for large groups.
Gotta have wings when I'm in town. Heard about Duff's so I thought I'd give it a try.  Wasn't disappointed. They weren't the best I've had, but pretty darn good! Service was great! Very attentive wait staff.
Eating these wings makes all other wings taste less good. That sauce is magic, the wings are fresh, the fries are hot and fresh as well. Worth the wait, best wings I've ever had.
"You're the Best! Around! (Nothing's Gonna Ever Keep Ya Down) by Josh K. Duff's makes the best wings you will ever find, and  will ever eat.  Many come close, but never as good or as consistent. Yes, it has become more popular, yes the waits are long, and yes this original location (since 1946) is outdated, crowded, slightly dingy, and poorly ventilated. But order some Wings Medium Hot, and you will be in Buffalo Sauce Nirvana. Big, meaty, crispy, and saucy,   this is the original recipe invented by The Anchor Bar, but perfected here. No slight to the amazing Anchor Bar (they have the second best wings), but Duff's is the champion and they prove it consistently on every visit I make. Mild-Medium Light -  don't even bother ordering it this way as you will be forsaking the great sauce which makes the dish. Medium -  if you want the amazing flavor but without as much burn Medium Hot - is Very Hot, and the wings are tossed in a soup of heavenly Frank's Red Hot and butter sauce, which by the way, makes for perfect dipping of their delicious shoe string fries. Hot -  is for the bold only. Anything hotter or spicier is insane. Stick to Medium or Medium Hot and you will be experiencing TRUE BLUE Buffalo Wings. I was here over the weekend after not having had Duffs in about 8 years.  If becoming a local area chain has changed anything, I wouldn't notice.  Duff's was as good as ever. Duff's is Buffalo. End of Story.
I love wings and I don't get the fuss about Duff's. If you like wings soaked in Frank's Red Hot then maybe this is your thing. I expect more from a wing sauce.  A  true wing sauce should have butter, hot sauce, and not be too thick. This is just plain hot sauce without any flavor -- just hot.   Maybe the wings were crispy but it's hard to tell through that thick and overabundant sauce. Mediocre wings combined with a dirty and overcrowded atmosphere is just not for me.  Sorry Duff's, but my local pizzaria is much better.
Ordinarily, I would never give a dive bar that uses laminated menus and serves food on plastic plates five stars for food.  But Duff's, located just outside of Buffalo NY, is no ordinary dive bar.  It has a full menu of greasy bar type food, which includes the world's greatest chicken wings.  And when it comes to wings, I have high standards - I lived in Buffalo from the ages of four to seventeen, and during that time I ate at every joint in Buffalo (Anchor Bar, LaNova) and the surrounding areas (Quaker Steak) deemed to be serve "great wings".  So "best wings" isn't a term I use flippantly. Now I realize that most of you will never set foot in Buffalo (and truth be told, why would you?  There's a reason I left as soon as I was ready to go to college), so this review may come off as a big tease.  But let me fill you in on what you're missing.  What makes Duff's wings so great?  Simplicity and perfect usage of the deep fryers.  Unlike a lot of places that serve a multitude of wing flavors (sesame ginger! teriyaki!) Duff's serves only two: traditional and BBQ, both in varying degrees of spiciness.  Their traditional sauce, which is a glow-in-the-dark-orange color, is composed of exactly two ingredients: Frank's Red Hot and popcorn butter.  Doesn't sound like much, but when you take your first bite of deep fried chicken flesh, you'll understand why less is more.  The other thing Duff's does well (in fact better than anywhere else I've ever been) is understand that deep frying has a very short half life.  Your wings are taken out of the fryer, tossed in sauce, and then rushed to your table.  Orders often (read: usually) arrive at your table in as they're ready, which means you might be done eating before your neighbor takes their first bite.  Of course, this also means that for the first five or so glorious minutes, not only are the wings steaming hot, they're incredibly crispy, even when sauced.   And that's really all that goes into great wings.  A commitment to simplicity, and a crisp outer shell with tender white meat on the inside.  Duff's recognizes this, and executes perfectly.  That's why whenever I go home (mom and dad, if you're reading this, can you please move out of Buffalo to somewhere warmer?), Duff's is my first stop.  It's why whenever someone comes to Buffalo, I skip the more hyped Anchor bar and take them to Duff's. I should mention one more thing: you know you're in for a good meal at Duff's because you can smell the deep frying chicken and hot sauce literally a quarter mile before you pull into the restaurant.   Incidentally, Duff's also serves great french fries, which have a slight hint of chicken to them, most likely from sharing deep fryer oil with all the chicken wings.
Eating these wings makes all other wings taste less good. That sauce is magic, the wings are fresh, the fries are hot and fresh as well. Worth the wait, best wings I've ever had.
WHAT? REALLY? I am still so mind boggled about this place. So I'm on the way home from the airport in Buffalo- which I recommend EVERYONE in Ontario should drive out to and use instead of Toronto International as flights are really half the price. Anyways, I've heard about Duffs and it was nearby so decided to try it out. First of all, the outside might remind one of a sketchy motel where the dumb teenagers in horror movies go to in the middle of nowhere before getting murdered. But, it was super busy, with people waiting outside, so I decide to try it out anyways. The wait was about 20 mins so the hostess told us we could order takeout and eat on the benches outside- while inhaling car fumes from the major intersection- no thanks. After waiting 20 minutes, we get inside- and its horrifying. If you can picture a creepy 70's basement/ rundown hostel, that's what it looks like. Wood paneled walls and TERRIBLE lighting (is that thing going to fall on my head?) is just the start. The chair I sat down on was DUCT TAPPED. I mean, both the seat itself and the back of it. Ok, so it must be that the prices are amazing right? Nope- $9.95 for a pound, pretty standard. Ok, so it must be that the wings are amazing right? Well if you can get past the fact that it was brought out on plastic plates, and you are given an old plastic kitchen bucket to put the bones in- EVEN THEN they are JUST YOUR AVERAGE WING. I am TRULY floored about this place and cannot for the life of me figure out why it is so popular. If there was a minus star rating, that's what I would give it. Yikes.
We can nitpick about who has better wings for the rest of our lives, but to put it simply, my opinion on Duff's that they ARE great wings, but they use too much sauce sometimes and they can get soggy. There's always nice and big though and have lots of meat. Mmmmm.
I was in Buffalo and had to try the best wings around, everyone recommended Duff's. Yummy, yummy, yummy. Perfect amount of meat on the bones and cooked to perfection. If you can handle heat don't take their recommendation. I told them I could handle spice and I wanted them hot. They recommended medium-hot and I was pretty disappointed by the lack of heat. I needed more and I had to order a side of death sauce... that was much better. And I didn't feel like death during or afterward.
I have gotten some horrendous wings on several occasions.  Last time they were overlooked to the point that maybe only 12 of the 20 I ordered were even edible.  I took them out so I didn't see this until I was home. Had I only been here this one time it would be generous to give it a 1 star review. That being said, most of the time the wings are amazing, that's why this review is 3 and not 1 star. Also, for what it's worth I have never gotten a bad wing at the OP or Transit location....
Congratulations, you are my 6th restaurant to receive my 5 star rating.  This is the best buffalo wings in the nation...it's not anchor bar!! Man, I don't know how many times I will be going to upstate NY to just eat this but let me tell you, I can't order buffalo wings anywhere else.  This place ruined all my future buffalo wing meals.   It's really hard to make good wings.  The skin's gotta be nice and crispy, chicken's gotta be juicy, and the sauce is gotta be well balanced. But Duff's, you did it.  Thank you.
The best wings in the US thats their Slogan.  Guess what they r for me really the best wings not only in the US in the whole world! U dont belive me come and see. They r better then u could ever believe!
Best wings I've ever had! Two times in two days...
I have gotten some horrendous wings on several occasions.  Last time they were overlooked to the point that maybe only 12 of the 20 I ordered were even edible.  I took them out so I didn't see this until I was home. Had I only been here this one time it would be generous to give it a 1 star review. That being said, most of the time the wings are amazing, that's why this review is 3 and not 1 star. Also, for what it's worth I have never gotten a bad wing at the OP or Transit location....
I live in Chicago and there are certain things I truly miss from back home.   One of them is Duff's wings (hot --- REALLLY HOT) with a big bowl of fries to clean the sauce off your fingers with.  There is one place I like better -- Rooties -- the wings to me are the nearly the same but I like not dealing with masses of screaming kids which I seem to run into at Duff's every time I go.  Still, the place is top notch and has been for as long as I can remember. Oh Duff's, I miss you.
While this place has legit wings, they are, unfortunately, not my favorite of all time. What you have probably read about the ambiance and setting of this place is right. It's in the suburbs and is very dated and a little grimy. Still, for the food you are going to order I thought that the restaurant was rather charming. The menu is mostly limited to the wing's and burgers. They do have combo meals which are a pretty good value. My buddy and I got the #4, 20 wings, large fries, and a picture of beer, all for $23. We split the spicyness (is that not a word?) of the wings. He got 10 hot and I got 10 mild. The menu warns you that the mild are really hot and the hot are really very hot. This disclaimer is definitely accurate. The wings had a very distinct sauce and definitely turned my pale skin red and opened my pores, letting the perspiration fly. Overall they were very delicious. The fries and beer were an excellent compliment. Still, although everyone sweats Duff's, I personally think they are above average, but not the best. Still this place definitely gets my recommendation.
Good wings, good location.
Um..it's buffalo wings. I don't see anything wowing here. Maybe the blue cheese taste a bit different but buffalo wings is just buffalo wings. Glad it wasn't that long of a wait (20 mins) to get a seat while passing by to Niagara Falls.
It appears that the people who work here have thin skin.   "I dont think we'd have 5 locations win 1st place awards for our wings, and be around for over 60 years!" McDonalds also has many locations, I don't see people raving about quality there.  If your business is so sucessful and popular you shouldn't worry about a few bad reviews.  Now suck it up and go undercook some wings for all the out of towners. You get one star for trolling
Duff's is king of the wing in WNY.  I've never been a Duff's or Anchor Bar dude, even though I've lived in the area for my entire life.  I usually opt for the diamonds in the rough - the lesser-known establishments who give their own spin on Buffalo's big ticket item.   That being said - I found myself waiting for a table at Duff's yesterday with two old buddies who were in town visiting.   We waited about 30 minutes for a table on a Sunday afternoon... so one could imagine the wait on a Friday or Saturday night.  But good things come to those who wait, right? My only issue with the wait is that there isn't a ton of room at this location.  There's a small bar and about a closet-sized area to stand.  Plenty of room outside to hang out, but only two picnic tables to sit.  They could definitely use an expansion, but the location provides few options to do so.  It's probably better just to call ahead and get take out, forgoing the "total Duff's experience." But if time isn't an issue and you don't mind waiting while that smell of awesome constantly teases your nostrils, then give the dining room a try.  The menu is  pretty small... besides the wings you have a few sandwich and burger options, but that's it.  You didn't come here for a club sandwich! The wings are huge and juicy.  We ordered 20 hot and 10 BBQ.  The hot wings had a nice kick to them, but didn't induce too much sweat.  You're able to savor the flavor, instead of worrying about who's gonna grab that last piece of celery to cool the mouth afterwards.  The BBQ wings were good, not great.  I was expecting alittle more in the flavor department.  A nice char would've been nice too.  Seemed like they went from the fryer right into a bath of Open Pit sauce, which is fine - but too common in WNY. The bar serves a handful of beers - pretty much your standard domestics, and Canadian offerings.  We tried Duff's homemade craft beer.  Our waitress told us it's "like a Sam Adams." Our waitress was dead wrong - but she didn't seem like a big beer connoisseur in the first place, so shame on us for trusting her. Overall, just like Niagara Falls, you really do need to go to Duff's at least once on your swing through Western New York.  If you live here like I do, it's a treat to stop by when friends/family are in town.
We were driving through Buffalo for the first time and wanted some good wings so we googled it and found Duffs. The wings were excellent! We also ordered two sandwhiches which looked appetizing until i found a foot long hair sticking out the side. By seeing that we immediately lost our appetites. Our waitress handled it great and took care of our whole bill. Its a shame that one small thing can ruin a great meal.
Um..it's buffalo wings. I don't see anything wowing here. Maybe the blue cheese taste a bit different but buffalo wings is just buffalo wings. Glad it wasn't that long of a wait (20 mins) to get a seat while passing by to Niagara Falls.
To all the sycophants, your scathing reviews were probably reserved for the sale staff at Walgreens when you bought your Preparation H after eating at this place. This place petitioned to have my witticism-filled critique removed and I'm putting it up again in an abbreviated form. You want to go, management staff of an overpriced, bland, too big for its britches, unsighlty waiting area outside-having retrograde decoration having dump? Let's do this. I, too, went to Niagara Falls. Loved it. Decided to take in the local fare of eateries. You would think that the place could handle a simple order of 10 wings and some fries. Not only did I have to wait over an hour for this order to come up, but I had to do it at the sports bar down the street by my hotel. What a joke. Sure you will fill orders of 40-60 wings for the obese trolls that swore to your abilities. They sure looked like they ate this stuff every day... So yeah, I listened to them and tried to not get annoyed. You had Mr. Obama stuff on there and yeah I was stoked to try some of the wings he had. But I have to wait outside in the damp rain with the rest of the people trying to cram into this 70's inspired dive to eat colorectal malaise plus cancer wings and some fries. Screw that! Like I said in my first review, a Montreal jazz club I visited on my first trip had better, more flavorful, succulent, and well dressed wings than this tourist trap. Suck on that you censoring a-holes. Don't like it. You'll read it again. Hell yes, this is sour grapes. And it's my right as an American to call you on your shoddy service when it happens!
Had to stop in Buffalo, NY on the way back from a quick getaway in Niagara Falls for some authentic buffalo wings.  I was undecided on where to go in Buffalo, but after doing some research, it was between the Anchor Bar, and Duffs.  Duffs won out, primarily because of its close proximity from the highway (idle if your just passing thru).   Duffs did not disappoint!  We ordered daily special #1, that included 20 wings, large fry, and a small pitcher of pop.  You can tell Duff's gets a lot of business from the University near by, as the place was packed the entire time we were there.  Luckily, we walked right in at the right time and were seated immediately.   We ordered our wings as Medium, since Duffs seemed to suggest this would be hot, and Medium hot= Very Hot, and Hot = Very, Very Hot.  Medium ehh not very hot, don't get me wrong they were delicious wings (besides the one or two Frankenstein wing that seemed to be a cross between a chicken breast/thigh/wing).  But, point is if you want a hot wing with some spice start at Duffs Medium Hot, and go from there.
Great wings and really well priced.  Very casual environment and great Duff's local brew.
I've never understood the American fascination with wings.  Until now. I get it. Thank you, Duff's, for showing me the light. If you live somewhere else in the world besides Buffalo, you may be like me, where wings are just another menu item.  An appetizer.  A messy food to avoid at potlucks.  Well, when I told my buddy back in NC that I was traveling to his native area, Buffalo, his parting words were, "Go get wings at Duff's." He was right.  And the whole experience here is decidedly un-chain-like.  We have nothing like this in the South. Sure, I understand all the locals bickering about this-or-that place for wings.  We do the same about pizza, gyros, and hot dogs back where I grew up near Chicago.  But for those of us not from around Buffalo, just go already and enjoy!
REALLY?! REALLY?! WHY DID THEY GET SUCH HIGH RATING? While visiting my friend this past weekend, she told us that Duff's was the place to get buffalo wings and Obama had eaten their wings. Filled with excitement, we went there and ordered 10 wings (Medium/ Medium Hot). After taking a bit, I was filled with remorse and grief. The vinegar smell over took everything. THe difference between Medium and Medium Hot was that Medium Hot has more sauce on top of the wings with oil floating on top. Unbelievable! I expected more spice, more flavor, more moist wings... more pizzazz... I don't know if I had TOO high expectations, or they were having an off day. All I know is, there are local bars in other cities that serve better buffalo wings. Disappointed and utterly shocked that this place has so many positive reviews....
Back and forth, back and forth. Do we go to Duff's while passing through Buffalo, or grab brunch and hightail it out if town?  I don't imagine I'll be back to Buffalo any time soon, so Duff's it was.  Based the decision on local Buffalo friends' suggestions. The place? A total dive.  The service? Meh.  The local brew? Ok. Loganberry? Is it juice? Soda? (excuse me, pop?) Way too sweet.  The wings? Oh yes, the wings. I am normally not a wing person; usually, it's too much work for not enough payoff.  At Duff's, you get a mighty wing.  I wimped out on the sauce and def could have gotten the medium.  Locals next to me suggested getting them extra crispy.  Bleu cheese was very tasty.  Skip the fries, below average. My mom was not a fan of the weck of beef on weck fame - way too salty. And my 22 yo sister enjoyed her grilled cheese, thank you very much.
I am writing this after a month of experiencing Duff's wings and being generally disappointed with the signature dish at this restaurant. That it was hyped on the internet and in the establishment (with Obama pictures - is that a good thing nowadays?) only made me grimace once the stinging mouth sensation of the mild sauce I chose wore off. Background: I was on a long solo road trip hitting up the NY area from the north back to my native Chicago. A person dear to me instilled in me the fear of regretting not going to Niagara Falls if I was soooo damn close. Amherst/Buffalo was both on the route back to Chicago and near the famed falls. To taste wings in their folkloric heritage birthplace would be a super added bonus to a righteous trip on the highway. Anchor Bar was downtown; Duff's was right down the street from my hotel, literally. I could have walked there. But I didn't because I'm an American and God himself has given me the right to squander petroleum-based products while I am on vacay. The establishment itself is unimpressive -- a stucco nightmare left over from the late 70's/early 80's it seems. Inside, crowded as all get out; people had to move from inside at the head waiter's stand and the bar and the alcove to outside it was that crowded. I chose a Saturday early evening for my gustatory journey. I was by myself. This is probably why they did not want me to sit down at a table. The wait was 45 min to 1 hr to sit down. I chose the other option of just ordering out and waiting for my order in the said cramped confines of this joint. ONE HOUR AND 10 MINS LATER, my order of TEN, yes TEN, T---E---N wings and their merry accompaniment of some really good fries and bleu cheese sauce made their way into my hands. I didn't stick around the entire time, I went for a joyride to get to know the burbsof Buffalo. Interesting, to say the least. 50 mins later I asked the pretty blonde with the nice eyes and long face where my food was, "Not up yet, sorry," was the response. Anyway.... so I ate my chicken in the car -- it was raining and I didn't want to eat them in my hotel room. I took pictures and sent them to friends to confirm that I was eating history. I was met with jealousy and hate texts. But the thing is, the wings weren't that good! My lousy order of ten miserable wings in burn-the-paint-off-a-fire-hydrant mild sauce was so poor in quality that I thought I had been gypped. The chicken was old, it was dry, the wings were really small, the focus seemed to be of burning the customers' mouths with a acid/base combination. Nothing good came of it and the fries were the redeeming point once I put them in the generous tub of bleu cheese dressing and veggies. I found out that mass produced wings are not a good thing. Especially not at Duff's. I had a better wing in both Montreal and Chicago. Take that, Duff's.... Mr. or Mrs. Duff, you owe me 10 bucks.
I've never understood the American fascination with wings.  Until now. I get it. Thank you, Duff's, for showing me the light. If you live somewhere else in the world besides Buffalo, you may be like me, where wings are just another menu item.  An appetizer.  A messy food to avoid at potlucks.  Well, when I told my buddy back in NC that I was traveling to his native area, Buffalo, his parting words were, "Go get wings at Duff's." He was right.  And the whole experience here is decidedly un-chain-like.  We have nothing like this in the South. Sure, I understand all the locals bickering about this-or-that place for wings.  We do the same about pizza, gyros, and hot dogs back where I grew up near Chicago.  But for those of us not from around Buffalo, just go already and enjoy!
When travelling, I always try to skip the "touristy" places and ask the locals where they enjoy going. That is how I see Duff's in Buffalo... it is the local's choice for best wing joint. Anchor bar has the name recognition as the original wing place, BUT Duff's has perfected the essence of great wings. The sauces, sides, and crispiness of the wings are always a craving pleaser. I've never had a bad order from Duff's! Definitely worth the extra waiting time. A close second for me would be Gabriel's Gate in the City...similar style wings. Yum!
Oh, sweet lord these wings are fantastic. I've been to Anchor Bar, and they don't hold a candle to Duffs.  Yes, I was a chicken and we got medium mild, but the flavor was awesome.  Plus the Duff microbrew was cheap and not offensive at all.  And the fries were the perfect palate-cleanser. And three of us stuffed our faces, and had a pitcher of beer..... tax, generous tip, etc. came out to $26!
Go here and order wings and beer.  Prepare to be amazed!  Warning:  The medium has some kick to it.
When back for a second time this trip, and I have to say my last review was spot on. This time I ate in, and the wings were MONEY! Plump. Juicy. Actual meat on the bone. Fantastic. I will never get take out from there again, but if you have time to sit down and take in the wood paneled walls and old photo decor, these are the some of the best wings in town!
The name says it all. Just as Anchor Bar will Anchor you to the lowest possible opinion of Buffalo wings, Duff's are... well, Duffs. Buffalo has the best chicken wings on earth. But for some bizarre reason, the true palaces of wings are underrated and unknown, while the two most famous local spots are mediocre at best. Duff's is not the original, but is many people's favourite place for chicken wings. In this case, the myth is larger than the meal. The wings are small and extremely overpriced. The sauce is ridiculously hot but not particularly delicious, not thick and buttery and creamy like many of the local wing spots. It tastes more like straight-up hot sauce: and anyone can make that. If I had to eat a different wing every night for a month, I could easily eat better wings for the entire time, without ever leaving Western New York, but without ever setting foot inside Duff's. Try the wings at Zip's (Hertel), Pauly's (in Clarence), Avenue (lots of locations), even at Jim's Steak Out or Just Pizza, but skip Duff's... grossly overrated. I've noticed people saying that their size has been improved (no longer frozen) and the sauce has been improved (no longer sour red brine), well that is exactly how I remember Duff's, so I suppose I will have to check back and see how things are going. But for me, if a place is as famous as Duff's in a city with wings and good as Buffalo, and they are this bad, and they are using crappy sauce and tiny frozen wings and charging twice as much as anyone else, and taking all the plaudits... well that speaks for itself. I really don't think they deserve a second chance. The only wing places in Buffalo worse than Duff's are Anchor Bar, and Buffalo Wild Wings, which is to Buffalo wings what Taco Bell is to Mexican food. i.e. not the same thing, and stomach-churningly crap.
If you like nice, clean, and modern digs to go with your dining don't visit this Duff's location. However, you aren't at Duff's to get a bottle of Veuve to go with your crispy/saucy chicken meat and fat on sticks are you? Hence the 3 stars. Duff's does good wings, and in my mind far better than the Anchor bar (at least the downtown location - the airport location is pretty solid, if standard) Not sure about getting regularly sauced wings tho, unless you prefer a really heavy dosing. I go for the light, and for me its just right. A solid wing place for Buffalo, but pretty much a paragon for the rest of the country. You would be surprised how hard it is to find a good, true Buffalo wing outside of western NY!
Yeah, the medium was hot, but that's about it.  A few wings in I'm done.  For me, I found the wings too hard, and way too saucy.  Fries were alright.  It's a total university joint, lots of students cramming around little tables with mini pints.
When back for a second time this trip, and I have to say my last review was spot on. This time I ate in, and the wings were MONEY! Plump. Juicy. Actual meat on the bone. Fantastic. I will never get take out from there again, but if you have time to sit down and take in the wood paneled walls and old photo decor, these are the some of the best wings in town!
Okay, when I travel to Buffalo (which is frequent) I go on a wings eating binge to last me until the next time I come.   I will be honest, I go to both Duff's and Anchor bar and I still can't decide which I like the best.   I prefer the flavor and value of Duff's.  Can't go wrong with $30 for 20 wings, bucket of fries and a small pitcher of beer.   I prefer the crispiness of the Anchor Bar wings, but I still find myself at least one night at Duff's enjoying the flavor of their wings.  I just wish they had more bar seating as that is where I prefer to eat my wings. But, can't go wrong with Duff's.
My first wing experience upon arriving in Buffalo, and they were great! Ordered the medium as per instructions from my host, and believe me, they were plenty hot. Not painfully so, pretty much perfect actually. The sauce here is a very richly colored red, so I suppose they have something going on other than the standard Franks Red hot and butter combo, which is what it seems to be at Anchor Bar and most other places (not that there is anything wrong with that). But it was cool to have a bit of a slightly unique spin on it. They are also VERY generous with the sauce. If I had to choose between Anchor and Duffs, I'd have to go with Duffs.
I had the anchor bar wings and buffalo wild wings.  I prefer the meaty goodness of this place.
Totally overrated! We ordered mild-medium (10) and medium (20) wings. They were swimming in the vinegar sauce. I can't make comments on the wings since we all felt like eating vinegar sauce then chicken wings. i had this numb feeling on my tongue because of that strong vinegar sauce.
You like Buffalo wings?  Make a pilgrimage to this place.  Check out Niagara Falls while you're at it. P.S. don't order the death sauce.  They need to make that illegal.  Their Mild is hot enough and hot is good enough if you want a kick. I think they did a Food Wars episode between this place and Anchor Bar and this place won.  Their wings are quite saucy but it works.  Only if this place wasn't 3000 miles away.
This place is NO JOKE!  It's been several years since I've been here but it is Duffs that I compare every single other chicken wing to each time I eat a batch. The sauce is perfect; not to runny, not too sticky.  You can get it to any degree of heat you prefer.  The wings are cooked with perfection - not to dry, slight crisp, good size wing. The atmosphere is very laid back; just a place to get dirty with some wings.  The staff is friendly and the place just has a good vibe. I've also had wings the Anchor Bar, but Duffs is much better.  Not sure who really 'invented' the buffalo wing due to the disagreement between several of these places - but Duff's has certainly perfected it.
Duffs is located in a suburban area of NY and is very unassuming.  It looks like a hole in the wall on the outside and inside.  We were the first ones in the restaurant as I had a flight to catch. By the end of our meal, the dining room was packed. I ordered their wing special, 10 pieces with 2 sides, fries and chili.  We also ordered a beef on weck sandwich.  I had their own amber ale to drink, which wasn't bad and I'd recommend it. It went well with their food.   The chili: it was cold. The shredded cheese on top wouldn't melt even when mixed into the chili.  It also tasted like they didn't simmer it long enough for the flavor to permeate through the meat.  It had good meat and bean content.   The fries: shoestring cut, pretty good. Beef weck sandwich: Excellent.  The beef was moist, the bread was soft, and together they were delicious.  It was the best thing I ate there, which the below will explain why. The wings: The wings appeared slightly larger than Anchor Bar.  I ordered the hot because their menu touts that their 'hot' is really 'very, very hot', meaning 'very, very hotter' than the 'hot' sauces at other restaurants. What a mistake!!! The sauce was so salty and it wasn't any hotter than their competitors 'hot' sauces.  I should have asked to try their suicide sauce like I did at Anchor.  As if to give the illusion of spiciness, they also filled the bowl with enough sauce so the wings were floating in it.  My friend ordered the medium and hers were lightly coated. I poured out the overly salty sauce in the bones bucket they provide. The biggest shame was that their wings were of high quality.  I just made the mistake of choosing the wrong sauce based on their false 'hotness' level advertising.  I'm not knocking their wings. I'm knocking their 'hot' sauce.  When I perused the menu again, I noticed the "Frank's wing sauce" logo on it.  Gasp! They don't make their own sauce?! No wonder. The service: It wasn't very good.  We were the only ones there and when we received our food, there were 2 other tables with 2 people each.  The waitress checked on us once and took a while to come by to refill my friend's empty soda cup, which she placed on the edge of the table for easy access and viewing. The verdict: I like Anchor Bar's wings better, but I wonder if I'd change my mind if I chose their suicide sauce like I did at Anchor.  Although, Anchor's 'hot' sauce was pretty darn good and much better than Duff's. I gave both the same 4-star rating because there were pros and cons of each. I like that Duffs allows you to do half and half sauce.  Their celery was also bigger and crisper.  They also give you carrots and a much bigger portion of bleu cheese than Anchor.
Totally overrated! We ordered mild-medium (10) and medium (20) wings. They were swimming in the vinegar sauce. I can't make comments on the wings since we all felt like eating vinegar sauce then chicken wings. i had this numb feeling on my tongue because of that strong vinegar sauce.
The wings here are awesome! I've since moved from Buffalo but man do I miss the wings. Doesn't seem like anywhere else you can get wings with this much love put into them when made. Every time I come back I pack at least 50 of the super hot wings home. (caution... Don't eat too many unless you're ready to sweat!) Extra crispy is definitely a good option if you're dining in but it doesn't matter if you're taking it home. The place is pretty small and can sometimes get loud but I really think it adds to the ambiance. Stop on by and you won't be disappointed unless your idea of a good wing is from KFC or WingStreet (gag). BTW ... I've never tried anything else on the menu so I can't vouch for anything else.
I visited Buffalo last September and got a chance to try both the Anchor Bar and Duffs. Anchor gets 5 stars and Duffs gets 4 stars, but only because it's not the birthplace of the wing. I ordered the 10 wings with medium sauce, so I could compare with the medium wings I had at Anchor an hour earlier. The wings were terrific. Plenty of sauce, perfectly cooked and a good size. Everything you would want in a great Buffalo wing. On top of that the staff was friendly and the place had a nice family feel, like you were in the family basement rec room. Duffs has great wings and depending on the day or cook, maybe better then Anchor. I tried both on the same day and thought Anchor's were awesome and Duff's were terrific. If I lived in Buffalo I'd go to which ever was closer to me.
Best wings in Buffalo! Great comfort food w large bowl of fries. Must have the Roast Beef on Weck. I recommend with mozzarella and onions. If you're in the area it's a a place you have to hit, sit, and enjoy. Service is pretty solid too! Beats Anchor hands down.
I love duff's wings.. I think that they are some of the best wings available in the City.. This particular location isn't my favorite Duff's but, it's still a great place to grab some dinner and a few beers.. The service here was satisfactory. The beer was cold. The wings were huge, saucy, and delicious. I didn't feel that warm buffalo welcome I've come to expect of local restaurants however.  The atmosphere was forgettable, the hospitality felt manufactured.. but again, The wings were AMAZING. That being said, I'd come here again if I was in the area looking for wings.. because they were solid. Otherwise, if I was looking for a time to spend catching up with friends and feeling like I was being taken care of.. I may look for an actual restaurant, or different location.. but if it's a night out with the fellas and a few drinks this will suffice just fine... hence the 3 star. But to be clear, I'm not faulting them, just illustrating the point that they didn't exceed my expectations to any degree.
On our way to Niagara Falls, I knew we had to make a stop in Buffalo to eat real Buffalo wings. This place was well reviewed and so off to Duff's we went! We grabbed one of the last tables at the end of the lunch rush. We both ordered their wing lunch combo: 10 wings with 2 sides (choice of soup, salad, chili or fries). We went with the double order of fries which looking back was way too much fried food in one sitting, but salad and wings don't make sense. Anyway, on their menu they list "medium - it's very hot", "hot- it's very very hot" and so forth. I love hot stuff, but the "very very hot" for a wing place steered me to medium. Big mistake. It was like any other medium sauce and I craved the hotter sauce the rest of the meal. Jeff ordered mild which meant little to no wing sauce. Overall, we thought it was an average place with average flavors.
The wings were great. The service quick. They also serve beer. We had the medium hot which was not that hot but it was great. The place has large parking lot so that it great.
This is my favorite place to get wings in Buffalo.  The place from the outside doesn't look like a restaurant at all. I would come here and order the medium wings. They're soo meaty and the fries are delicious. I usually order extra and pop the rest in the oven the next day and they're still just as good.
I love duff's wings.. I think that they are some of the best wings available in the City.. This particular location isn't my favorite Duff's but, it's still a great place to grab some dinner and a few beers.. The service here was satisfactory. The beer was cold. The wings were huge, saucy, and delicious. I didn't feel that warm buffalo welcome I've come to expect of local restaurants however.  The atmosphere was forgettable, the hospitality felt manufactured.. but again, The wings were AMAZING. That being said, I'd come here again if I was in the area looking for wings.. because they were solid. Otherwise, if I was looking for a time to spend catching up with friends and feeling like I was being taken care of.. I may look for an actual restaurant, or different location.. but if it's a night out with the fellas and a few drinks this will suffice just fine... hence the 3 star. But to be clear, I'm not faulting them, just illustrating the point that they didn't exceed my expectations to any degree.
Duff's is my favourite place I've found for chicken wings!  This includes some of the other well known wing joints in town.  I should make a note that Buffalo wings are my favourite wings. I like wings either medium, hot or suicide.  This place has amazing medium and hot wings.  On top of that the blue cheese is some of the best I've ever had.   The service is fast and there's all kinds of parking.  The place is a hole but the food and service is fast and great. I'm actually salivating thinking about their wings right now!
I'm an Anchor Bar fan BUT I will give Duff's its props. This is my 2nd favorite wing spot and I actually go here a lot more often because its in Amherst and not all the way Downtown. I think their wings are a bit overfried, but sometimes I like that extra crispy taste. and their sauces are probably the real highlight of the dish. While Anchor Bar wings are kind of light in sauce, Duff's is heavy. It can also get pretty spicey too! Basically theres not much to say. Its not a fancy place at all so grab some wings, some beer/soda and sit down n' enjoy.
this place kicks the Anchor Bar's ass. i think the sauce at the anchor bar is better but the wings are meatier and better fried here. the death wings are extremely spicy, I could only eat 5 of them. every time i go back to buffalo i eat here. oh yeah, and WASH YOUR HANDS *REALLY* WELL BEFORE YOU URINATE.
Good overall experience but I got few wings that were over cooked to a level that they can't be chewed.
Wings were great if you don't mind the crap service. The girls working there did not care we were their and were too interested in the television show they were watching. We asked questions about the menu and didn't get full answers. The day we went we sat under a fan that was leaking, we inquired about it was was told that it was known to leak when it rained, yet were not moved. We stayed for about 2 hours to stay with friends and chat and were only checked on once. We come to buffalo a lot and will not return. We would prefer to go somewhere that serves good food along with good service.
These wings are very very good. I ate them, the next day after having Gabriel's gate which was disappointing. Duffs was flavorful, And it was well cooked.  My only complaint is the wings lack some of the elements of greatness and hidden spices that other wing locations in Buffalo have such as anchor bar. Overall still a great wing and a must visit for anyone visiting buffalo .
I MISS DUFFS!  As a UB student I would go here maybe once a week and take out from here once a week haha.  The wings are the perfect ratio of crispyness to saucyness and the bar-b-que sauce on their wings is the best i've tasted.  The fries are shoe-string and crispy and the blue cheese is chunky and delicious.  I recommend dipping the bbq wing in the blue cheese - perfect combo of sweet tang and cheesey goodness.  I have considered flying to buffalo just for these wings!
Good overall experience but I got few wings that were over cooked to a level that they can't be chewed.
On the way to Toronto, we took a detour to see what buffalo wings in Buffalo were all about. We've seen several shows on the Travel Channel recycling Duff's and Anchor Bar material, so why not stop in? The look and feel of Duff's reminded me of the local taverns in Indiana I grew up with and worked in as a teenager. So as we waited in the rather long line with some rather large people, I began to realize we were in for a festival of fried food... The beer selection was a collection of domestic lagers by large corporations. The Duff's Brown was in the same league. It was though we had already passed into Canada! O Canada! O How Your Beer Sucks! Forty Four minutes later, a sticky table was presented. It was our turn! We ordered the beef on weck, jalapeno poppers, onion rings and both BBQ and Medium Hot wings. And why not? We were there to soak in BUFFALO, NY! Bring it!! The jalapeno poppers were disgusting. We pulled them apart and found a heavily breaded and fried strip of some sort of green "pepper" with a chunk of unmelted soft cheese. I would not have been surprised to see someone dip these in ketchup. But I can only wish as I did not see anyone else order these "poppers". People were there for the wings, right? The beef on weck was very overcooked and dry. The bun was coated, not seasoned with salt. My first beef on weck was from Seattle's Buffalo Deli in Belltown, but the Duff's version didn't even make it to the starting line in that contest. So far, Buffalo is not being represented well. Ah, the wings...The wings were very crispy. Which is to say they were over-fried and dry. I know some people like crispy over-fried chicken wings. However, that is not my preference. The wing sauces were one dimensional and not particularly hot. The side of  blue cheese looked and tasted  as though straight out of a gallon plastic container of Sysco Blue Cheese. We ate about half the wings and then just threw in the towel. Based on the number of positive reviews, I have to wonder if we just had an off batch of wings, but when I think about how poor the quality of everything was, I suspect the answer is that maybe I'm just not into cheap fried tavern food anymore. On the way back, we stopped at Hatties in Saratoga Springs. Their wings were much better than the wings we had in Buffalo. And they have Sierra Nevada beer.
Very disappointed with the Buffalo wings. Extremely salty; and I like salty food, the sauce was way too vinegary, and the meat was dry. The celery sticks were huge and had too much fiber to chew. The blue cheese dip looked and tasted like some sort of glue. The service was quick at first. We got our food in less than 5 minutes. Are the wings made to order??? At the end of our meal, it took at least 15 minutes to get our check. You can easily get better Buffalo wings elsewhere. Anchor Bar's wings beat Duff's hands down.
My favorite wings in Buffalo....but go early cause it gets really busy (every day). Get the frys and gravy too! People who go here for the "ambiance" are either confused or from out of town as it hasn't changed in 50 years.
We stopped at Duff's for a quick lunch on the drive back from Niagara Falls. These were by far the best wings I've ever had: crispy, meaty, saucy, perfect.
I came to Duffs looking for the perfect Buffalo Wing in Buffalo. I was majorly disappointed when I took my first bite of a medium wing. Not only was the wing not hot- it was a blast of vinegar flavour. I'm anxious to try Anchor Bar now.....anything could be better than this.
Vacationing from NYC in Buffalo for the first time visiting the Falls, as soon as I pull around the corner of Duff's and saw the outside tables packed while it was raining, I may add, I knew we made the right choice ordering take out when I left the falls 25 minutes before. We had 70 wings, a mix between BBQ and medium sauces and living in NYC I expected to pay around $100 but when she told me it was $64 I was dumbfounded. The BBQ sauce is amazing and even though I'm not a Blue Cheese guy it's the best we ever tasted. The medium sauce it's tasty and packs a little heat, great place if I'm ever back in the area I'll be back in Duff's...
When you come to buffalo you have to check out Duffs!! Their wings are the best in the area and you can't just have one!!
We stopped at Duff's for a quick lunch on the drive back from Niagara Falls. These were by far the best wings I've ever had: crispy, meaty, saucy, perfect.
209 reviews? Well I doubt I can contribute anything groundbreaking but here goes... This place is popular, very popular. With their popularity, they could very well get away with expensive beers, sub-par service, nickel and diming etc. I expected to be ripped off, but I wasn't. I saw other tables with bowls of carrots and celery and was immediately jealous. I requested our own bowl. The waitress said, "okay, but it costs extra." After we ordered it, I turned to my fellow diner and snidely said, "Yea, I wonder how much they charge for that $1 celery." Well eat crow Meghan, because they charged a whopping 99cents for it.  They also have inexpensive beer ($3), provided great and attentive service, have combo deals (20 wings + pitcher of beer + large fries= $38), split wing flavors 5 ways, and happily box things up for you. I'm a fan, even though I don't like wings.  Oh yea, and they're not kidding...their medium is HOT.
I used to think some chain wing stores were good.. ha Until I savored these delicious wings!! Great prices, wonderful sauce, and the blue cheese is wonderful. Nothing but great things here.
Well just ate at Duffs, wings are Ok.  So my vote goes to Anchor... Much better wings.
These are hands down the best wings in Buffalo. Every time I come home for a visit, I have to come here. I have waited hours to get a table with friends just to have these wings, and it is worth it. I adore how there is no pomp and circumstance about this place. What you see is what you get and no need for frills. Be warned though- their menu is totally right about the hotness. Medium is hot and hot is very hot. If you're unsure of how hot you want it, try ordering one level down like medium hot and get some extra hot sauce on the side for dipping. I also like to ask for mine extra crispy but that's just me. They're happy to accommodate. I have gotten other items here as well, like a salad and turkey sandwich. I don't recommend them unless you need to assuage the guilt of eating 30 hot wings. But seriously, don't go to Duff's and NOT order wings. No point and you just waste a valuable table. Oh and they have their own beer- Duff beer. Solid drink to wash it all down.
The wings are ok, but definitely not the best in the Buffalo area. Not as crispy as I like and can be hotter. The bowl of wings I got was just soggy.
in buffalo, there are many places for chicken wings.   in my book, I always choose Duff's and the location in Amherst!   their wings are always perfectly crispy with the just the right amount of sauce and the perfect kick!   the lunch combos with fries and chili make it the ultimate heart-clogging lunch but so tasty and worth it.  Add some beer to wash it all down!   you can smell the grease as you drive up millersport highway!   i never understood the fascination with chicken wings and hot sauce until I came to Buffalo.   in general wings outside of Western NY (no further east than Syracuse) is 99% terrible. so come on in and try it for yourself and compare it to the other joints in b-lo!
Duffs -- I wanted to love you after reading your reviews.  Wings are great (not as good as Anchor Bar, but still tasty).   Beef on weck is so so.   Too much salt and no au jus?  The no dip was the part that pained me.  Unfortunately next time I am in town I will be returning to Anchor Bar for my wing fix......
These are hands down the best wings in Buffalo. Every time I come home for a visit, I have to come here. I have waited hours to get a table with friends just to have these wings, and it is worth it. I adore how there is no pomp and circumstance about this place. What you see is what you get and no need for frills. Be warned though- their menu is totally right about the hotness. Medium is hot and hot is very hot. If you're unsure of how hot you want it, try ordering one level down like medium hot and get some extra hot sauce on the side for dipping. I also like to ask for mine extra crispy but that's just me. They're happy to accommodate. I have gotten other items here as well, like a salad and turkey sandwich. I don't recommend them unless you need to assuage the guilt of eating 30 hot wings. But seriously, don't go to Duff's and NOT order wings. No point and you just waste a valuable table. Oh and they have their own beer- Duff beer. Solid drink to wash it all down.
First words spoken when I found out I was going to Buffalo for work - "We can get wings!!!" And Duff's wings were IT!  Spicy, crunchy deliciousness.  I love Buffalo wings and this pretty much is Buffalo wing Nirvana.  Couple of Labatt's Blue, a bowl of fries and a bunch of wings.  My first night in Buffalo couldn't have gotten any better.   The menu is pretty basic (almost everything is in the fried category), but that might also be my California mentality of wanting something non-fried/maybe green for a non-heart attack option.   I saved my salad eating for when I got home.
Best wings, hands down. Lived up to expectations. Wings cooked to perfection, crispy. Wings bigger than usual.
I've been here once with a bunch of friends while I was in the area, cause you gotta try Buffalo Wings when you're in Buffalo, it's just something you should do.  It was really, really good.  But also really, really spicy.  I love spicy food and have a pretty high tolerance, but I knew that ordering the Death or Suicide wings wouldn't be a good idea, so I stuck with the Hot wings so that I can actually enjoy the flavor, lol.  While I was in the bathroom, one of my friends put some of his Death sauce on one of my wings.  I knew immediately when I came back because it was a very distinct red from the original sauce that came with my wings.  He tried to trick me, but I knew what he was up to.  I humored my friends and ate the wing and it was delicious.  Then I walked coolly to the bathroom to wash my tongue while tears were streaming down my cheeks.  Totally worth it.
Personally, I like dry rub better however the wings here are very good Went with the family and the wait time was only 5-30 minutes for dinner on Saturday Night. Service was friendly and efficient. Very helpful with spice levels and recommendations. There are nice picnic tables outside when waiting for a table when the weather is pleasant or for eating during the day. Salads and Sides are straight forward and can get decent combos with wings or meals. Beer including there own draft was nice touch. Recommend the medium hot and spicy bbq. There are many higher levels of heat but even amateurs can handle the medium without suffering (flushing/sweating/diarrhea, etc).
It's ALL about the LUNCH SPECIAL!!!  Great deal: 10 wings, 2 sides $10! When visiting Buffalo, we had to try some famous buffalo wings!  And Duff's did not disappoint!  Great tasting wings - love that they are made FRESH and sauce added right before being served so the wings are still crispy, not soggy!  I tried the spiciest sauce, which wasn't terribly hot, but very vinegary.  For my sides, I tried their chili and a side salad which were both large portions, but nothing special.  Tons of food - way too much for me to finish in one sitting!   Very good and speedy service.
Why isn't this 5 stars??  THE BEST BUFFALO WINGS ON THE PLANET. My advice, order them Medium Hot & Crispy. OMG SO GOOD, I travel to WNY just for Duffs.  So good, Obama came!
Since I was in Buffalo for a work trip and I'm a huge chicken wings fan, thought I would give this town where the authentic buffalo wings are a try. My coworker did some extensive research on yelp and located Duff's as the destination to be. Gotta say we were both a little concerned when we rolled up to the parking lot. This place definitely looked like a adult entertainment club from the exterior with its tinted windows and off-colored wall. We both though about turning around but decided to trust the loyal yelp reviewers in the end. Thanks God for yelp! As soon as we walked in, we instantly loved the vibe with its hole-in-wall feel. The place was absolutely packed with the local college kids on a simple Monday night. We had to wait a good 30 min for a table for two. Then I discovered that they had a good ol' Canadian Labatt Blue on tap. Boy did I love this place already. After we finally sat down, we decided to share 30 wings (10 mild, 10 mild-medium, and 10 medium) with a large order of fries. We certainly didn't expect the size of the wings to be that big when they arrived. The wings were VERY good. Even the medium flavor got quite a kick to it and I was working up a sweat towards the end. Unfortunately, we were both quite weak and we couldn't even finish the wings nor the wings between the two of us. It was quite a pathetic performance on our behalves. Nevertheless, I'll definitely go back to this place again if I'm ever in town. You know what they say - anytime you get to drink a cold pint of Canadian beer with a plate of hot wings, you just gotta do it!
Personally, I like dry rub better however the wings here are very good Went with the family and the wait time was only 5-30 minutes for dinner on Saturday Night. Service was friendly and efficient. Very helpful with spice levels and recommendations. There are nice picnic tables outside when waiting for a table when the weather is pleasant or for eating during the day. Salads and Sides are straight forward and can get decent combos with wings or meals. Beer including there own draft was nice touch. Recommend the medium hot and spicy bbq. There are many higher levels of heat but even amateurs can handle the medium without suffering (flushing/sweating/diarrhea, etc).
When would one visit Buffalo? a) you live there b) attend school there c) driving through to niagara falls d) never The answer for me is C! So since I was in the area, I figured I needed to try the buffalo wings that were started in this city. I called up my friend who attends med school in Buffalo and he recommended Duff's over Anchor Bar (the original home of the Buffalo wing). The place was packed - we waited about 40minutes to be seated. No worries, the wings more than made up for it. We ordered 50 wings for $33 - which is a bargain! You're allowed to split up the order however you want (ex: 10 mild, 20 medium, 20 hot) This was pretty useful, when you're in a large group of people with different abilities to handle spiciness. The hottest I went was hot - and OMG, they were so perfect. Just hot enough, but not "too hot" to make the experience uncomfortable. Make no mistake, Duff's has some of THE BEST wings in the country and surely, the best wings I've ever eaten. So come, and order many, because they're good microwaved, the day after, AND because how often do you really visit Buffalo anyways?
The same great wings I remember from 20 years ago when I went to UB.  Some things are better unchanged, hopefully Duff's will be the same 20 years from now.
best wings i've had so far. although this was the only thing i counted as an 'authentic' buffalo experiance while visiting - unless you count being couped up from the cold winter getting piss drunk in my friends parents basement. - Oh and checking out the thrift store and TJ Maxx. but the wings. they have a particular hot&distinct sauce that differs from eating other wings from somewhere else. Just had the medium hot and after sharing a bucket of 30 or so wings trying anything hotter would be plain ridiculous.
Famous chicken wings in buffalo. We arrived at almost 9pm on Saturday, but still waited in a queue. The chicken wings were fried and then wrapped with sauce, which was a little bit saltier and spicier...I prefer Buffalo Wild Wings than it.
As they say, Anchor Bar started it, but Duff's perfected it. As a quasi-Buffalonian, I much prefer the wing experience with Duff's, so when my sister visited me this weekend, I convinced her to go here instead of the more-known alternative. And needless to say, we had a great time. We ordered spicy BBQ as well as hot wings. And yes, hot is very, very hot indeed. It tested my heat tolerance, but overall, I still enjoyed it, as long as you give me enough paper napkins. We also tried their own beer, which was to my liking. I only got a sip, as it was lunch and I wasn't feeling too inclined into drinking, but if ever I get back here, I would definitely order one myself. So why not 5 stars? It has to do with the wing experience, plus little other things. Wings isn't my regular food. I classify it as part of those edible exotica, that I only eat once every blue moon. During a party, during a family visit, things like that. Hence, eating in Duff's, as much as I think they are the best wings out there, still present some discomfort due to being out of the ordinary. The ambience of the place doesn't make it easy. It's crowded, and the fine line between cozy and claustrophobic is too blurry for me. Not to mention the very small bathrooms. Perhaps the best way to experience wings for me and give them 5 stars is to order it as a take out.
After trying out Anchor and Duff's, I realized that I am not a fan of Buffalo Wings. Or better yet, everyone learned how to make the same. Nothing is special about their wings.
Best wings and micro-brew I had while living in Buffalo for 3 years! Need I say more.
Famous chicken wings in buffalo. We arrived at almost 9pm on Saturday, but still waited in a queue. The chicken wings were fried and then wrapped with sauce, which was a little bit saltier and spicier...I prefer Buffalo Wild Wings than it.
Of the three well known Buffalo Wing Joints, I like Duff's the best. But I have never dined in. It's a dingy bar type scene and now that Obama visited it's more crowded than ever. So I ordered 30 wings for take out. Medium, Medium Hot, and Hot. Their wings are saucy. Like it's drowned in it. I like the sauce. It's very vinegary with good amount of kick. The hot made me sweat and I love me some heat. It's got just enough spiciness to put your taste buds into overdrive but not so spicy that you thought you just entered a man vs. food challenge.
Doesnt get much better than this. First trip was in 1987 while in college. The sauce has the vinegary up your noze sensation...plus the wings are brought forth in the infamous bright orangy hot sauce that I've really only had there. I got mine with the fries and gravy and a pitcher of labatts. Keep it at "hot"...or the ring of fire will really bite the next day!;) This is one of the meccas..and in my rare trips to Western NY I always make the journey here...its that good. Truly a gem of the Buffalo area.
This is not one of the first establishments for buffalo wings (Anchor Bar takes the credit for this) but a Buffalo local recommended it. I was not disappointed.
I know this place is more tourist trap, but not as bad as Anchor Bar, but this One of the top wings I have tried in the area. They have a great combo that feeds two people very well. Me and a co worker had it and we were stuffed to the brim. The chicken came out fresh and piping hot, and the medium order of fries we got could feed like 4 people. Also we got our chicken extra crispy and when you dip it in that hot sauce, OMG my mouth is watering thinking about it and writing this review. The place is small and during peak time, there might be a wait but its very worth it. All in all, the food was good, chicken was fresh. service was prompt, which the pricing was a couple dollars cheaper, but I think its okay for a touristy destination.
Much preferred the experience to Anchor Bar.  I expected this place to be 5 stars, but I guess because I thought Buffalo would be wing mecca.  Instead, these are just damn good wings. Got the BBQ and Hot.  Neither were hot, but both were tasty.  Also got the Chicken Tender Salad, which was really, really delicious.  And gigantic. I'd come here again.  Only real bad thing was that their beer wasn't very good, which seems to be a theme in this area.
World, take note.  This is what chicken wings should taste like. A bowl of sauce with a couple of wings floating in it.
The best wings in the city known for it.  Do not come here to buy fries, burgers, or anything else... even if those are on the menu.  If you are looking for wings, this is the place.
I know this place is more tourist trap, but not as bad as Anchor Bar, but this One of the top wings I have tried in the area. They have a great combo that feeds two people very well. Me and a co worker had it and we were stuffed to the brim. The chicken came out fresh and piping hot, and the medium order of fries we got could feed like 4 people. Also we got our chicken extra crispy and when you dip it in that hot sauce, OMG my mouth is watering thinking about it and writing this review. The place is small and during peak time, there might be a wait but its very worth it. All in all, the food was good, chicken was fresh. service was prompt, which the pricing was a couple dollars cheaper, but I think its okay for a touristy destination.
* Came to find best wings in Buffalo * Have lower expectations and you'll be happier * Get normal spicy. Got the 10 wings with fries and salad. 5 mild medium, 5 original. I'm not a big spicy eater but all they really do is throw frank's red hot sauce on it. So i would have taken all 10 in original. They were actually not as spicy as I had thought. Chicken wings were good, size was okay, not the best, not the worst, the blue cheese was actually really good on my wings. Not being from buffalo, i usually get ranch or no extra dressing on my wings. But i really liked the blue cheese here. Restaurant had a weird smell though, a vinegary and cleaning fluid smell. Later on, I saw the ladies cleaning each table with a pink colored spray. while i feel it's pretty thorough, since people might drip sauce or drop bones on the tables, the smell is a little odd. After duff's my friend and i went to gabriel's gate to decide for ourselves what the best in Buffalo was.
Delicious hot wing sauce (Hot) -is spicy and tangy, the large wings are fried and crispy not burnt.   MInimum order is 10, what the hell, what if i can only eat 6....! Gosh ::well at least my celery and baby carrots were fresh::
Originally heard about this place on TV, Food Network or Travel Channel, can't remember. But, co-workers and I were visiting Buffalo for training and Duff's came recommended. I yelp-ed them and we decided it might be the best place to savor authentic Buffalo Wings. It was late, and we still waited. WORTH THE WAIT! Loved it. The menu is short and sweet. You go here for the wings, period. I had the mild, which were not hot at all (I'm not a spicy fan). However, my co-wroker asked for a side of the medium sauce and it was delish. So, if I had to order again, I would have gone with the medium. This is the place to be for authentic wongs from Buffalo.
Everyone always seems to want to compare Duff's with Anchor Bar, and that's fair. If you're only interested in wings, Duff's is the way to go. They both do wings very well, but I think Duff's does them a little better, and they're a better value. The restaurants are in the same price range, but I always seem to pay less at Duff's. If you have people in your party that want something other than wings, go to Anchor Bar, but if you just want great wings, head to Duff's.
Wings dont typically make me drop to my knees, but holy shit.  Seriously folks, bring a change of underwear because your first bite of these wings might cause you to void your bowels.  They are that good.   Dont say I didnt warn you.
My mom and I were in Buffalo for a day on our way up to Niagara Falls. We HAD to get wings while in Buffalo, and my biggest fear was ending up in some tourist trap that charged $15 for 6 or 7 measly, meatless wings. My fellow Yelpers came to the rescue! Duff's wings are the real deal. It acknowledges its fame without feeling like a tourist trap. The lunch special is fantastic: $10 for 10 wings and 2 sides. It was plenty for 2 people. The sides were mediocre, in my opinion. My mom liked the cauliflower soup, but it tasted like a mix to me. The fries were good, though. The wings are the star here. We got the medium sauce, and it was spicy enough to keep my lips tingling to whole time. Delicious! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. A definite must-try while in Buffalo!
Truly the best wings, best homemade bleu cheese dressing ever.  The Medium Light wings are really the best - enough sauce and just enough spice with tons of flavor. Pretty much only has wings.  That's why you go there. Oh and their fries and loganberry make it.  Please move to New England.
Everyone always seems to want to compare Duff's with Anchor Bar, and that's fair. If you're only interested in wings, Duff's is the way to go. They both do wings very well, but I think Duff's does them a little better, and they're a better value. The restaurants are in the same price range, but I always seem to pay less at Duff's. If you have people in your party that want something other than wings, go to Anchor Bar, but if you just want great wings, head to Duff's.
Man this place is popular! Full disclosure: we are not from Buffalo so I cannot get into the whole Anchor vs Duff's debate. I am not a wing aficionado, but since we were in Buffalo we had to jump on the bandwagon. The service is fast and friendly. We had 20 wings (10 mild for me and 10 medium for my husband.) The bleu cheese sauce is good. Tried loganberry juice for the first time. It was good! Tastes kind of like fruit punch and not overly sweet. We also ordered the onion rings. They were super hot and crispy. I'm not a huge fan of this type of food (greasy bar food) so this is a one time meal for me. The food was decent. It was fun to try once since we were in the area, but I don't get what all the fuss is about...
The wings are fine.  Settle down.  They tasted the same to be as Domino's wings in Worcester. The sauce tasted like Franks Red Hot Sauce to me. The problem during my last 2 visits was the TREMENDOUS wait time to be seated.  This place needs a bigger building big time. I recommend take out.  Its 20 minutes from order to food, and you don't have to wait 45+ minutes to be seated.
I had one night in Buffalo and was told by the hotel concierge that Duff's is a good place to get wings. So I drove over to Duff's and waited for an hour to get a seat inside. I was disappointed by the wings. I don't mind the long wait and the slow service, but I do mind eating wings that are dry and doused in a sauce that is tasteless except for capsicum + strong battery acid. I love spicy food but I do not love spiciness blended with a one note sourness. If they made the sauce less sour I might actually be able to eat a few more wings. As is, I gave up after 4 or 5 wings and had to throw away the rest the next day. Maybe the next time I go to Buffalo I should try Anchor Bar.
While I'm waiting for 25-30 minutes to get a table I guess I'll take a moment to write a review. My boyfriend and I come here for one reason: the wings are scrumptious. Are they the best? Arguably.  It's a toss up between here and Gabriel's Gate down in Allentown.   Saucy and fresh out of the fryer, these wings are steamy and delicious. We get a split between BBQ and medium, and I've never been disappointed. Top it off with a pitcher of loganberry, and you've got yourself a meal with almost zero nutritional value, but it's worth it. If you're in a hurry, drive by and see if the parking lot is full. If it is, you probably have at least 20 minutes between you and a seat. The wait to get your food is pretty significant too, since they're fresh to order. We've also done take out here a couple of times (when the wait seems long), and our order is still hot when we pick it up around 30 minutes after we call. This is appreciated since a true Buffalonian knows that cold wings are blasphemous. The ambiance is exactly what you would expect from a place to grab wings. A little dive-y, but it's not noticeable once you're in the food coma you're about to enter. As for the people who say Anchor Bar has better wings, check yourself. Those wings are a joke (about 1/2 of the size of the wings you'll find here) and not nearly as good.
I lived down the street from the Sheridan location for two years and this place has the best chicken wings you will ever have! I recently moved away from Buffalo but I have still yet to find a place that makes wings as good as this. If you are traveling to Buffalo or live there and somehow haven't eaten there yet you need to go!
First time in Buffalo.. makes sense to try the Buffalo wings, right?  I was happy with the medium mild ones.  They were pretty decent sized wings, crispy and just the right amount of sauce and heat.  Were they the best wings I ever had?  Probably... but the wings I get at Pluckers in Arlington, TX are a very close second.  At least now I know Pluckers knows what they are doing! ;)
Oooooooo so good! Wings were good but fried bologna sandwich even better!
While I'm waiting for 25-30 minutes to get a table I guess I'll take a moment to write a review. My boyfriend and I come here for one reason: the wings are scrumptious. Are they the best? Arguably.  It's a toss up between here and Gabriel's Gate down in Allentown.   Saucy and fresh out of the fryer, these wings are steamy and delicious. We get a split between BBQ and medium, and I've never been disappointed. Top it off with a pitcher of loganberry, and you've got yourself a meal with almost zero nutritional value, but it's worth it. If you're in a hurry, drive by and see if the parking lot is full. If it is, you probably have at least 20 minutes between you and a seat. The wait to get your food is pretty significant too, since they're fresh to order. We've also done take out here a couple of times (when the wait seems long), and our order is still hot when we pick it up around 30 minutes after we call. This is appreciated since a true Buffalonian knows that cold wings are blasphemous. The ambiance is exactly what you would expect from a place to grab wings. A little dive-y, but it's not noticeable once you're in the food coma you're about to enter. As for the people who say Anchor Bar has better wings, check yourself. Those wings are a joke (about 1/2 of the size of the wings you'll find here) and not nearly as good.
Pretty solid place for wings. I know that this is a multi-location restaurant,  but they do a good job of making it feel like a mom and pop. The wings were good, and the service was friendly. If you're looking for a place to experience wings in Buffalo,  this isn't a bad one to try.
Much better than Anchor Bar. This is the original Duff's and my favorite place I've found for wings when I'm in Buffalo. Will go back next time I'm up there for sure. Service wasn't bad, place was pretty crowded and loud though. Made up for that with their wings, they were some of the better ones I've had (outside of the wing festival).
Didn't understand the hype of this restaurant. Personally I had better wings in buffalo before. I even had better wings in Killington, Vermont! First time and my last time there. Even my friends feel that there are better wings elsewhere.
Ordered 10 BBQ Wings, 10 Medium-Hot Wings, and 2 Large Dinner Salads (Honey French and Caesar) I'm a medium to heavy eater and I found 13 wings and a large salad to be a nice meal. A heavy eater would want to have 20 wings and call it a night. The signs all over the place about how hot their sauce is are bogus. I understand spicy food very well, and the medium hot was clearly medium hot, not "very hot". I was able to eat them continuously, without water and not feel that my mouth was in any escalating pain. There was nearly no hotness high, it was very simply a spicy sauce on wings. I was very disappointed since everything they have says "medium is hot". The flavor of the wings was some of the best I have ever had. They do live up to their reputation of having delicious wings. They were excellent in texture and moistness. I suggest BBQ and one of their medium+ wings, having the two flavors was great. The wings were too salty, they were hiding some of their mildness behind the saltiness. If you've ever eaten way too salty tortilla chips for a long time, you would know the feeling of too much salt  on your lips, this is what it felt like by the end, and you could taste the excessive salt after eating a few. They charge for Everything. (Except napkins) Small restrooms. Horrible EQing on the important-to-hear PA system. If you've read my reviews before, I start at 5 stars and go down from there. There are unfortunately too many people who dole out 5's to everything that I pretty much must have a system that doesn't hurt good places in that environment. Above is the reasoning for knocking Duff's down.
I do love Duff's for their wings but little else. The atmosphere is decent but average for a place like this. To be honest, I really tend to like other establishments better for the wings. I find that there are much better places to hang out with friends, and their menus are better - because I don't want to JUST eat wings all night. One of the better places for wings out there but, it's not my first pick. The facility itself seems very unclean and the smell that lingers there is scented like a hundred years of Eau de Cigarette smoke and stale cheap beer. Unfortunately, it's true. Though the wings are quite good, the overall feel of the place is mediocre at best. My first time there was six months ago and I haven't been back since.
I last lived in Amherst in the 70s, when I spent a lot of time at Duffs. I was recently back there for a week and . . . it was identical to the 70s in most every way.   You know what you'll get and you get it consistently. - The wings were excellent. Different people in my group tried different spice levels and all appreciated what they received. - I think the massive orders of fries are new since the 70s, which some people liked. - Not sure why Blue Cheese and Celery accompaniments now includes carrots. Some of us liked that others found it sacrilegious. - I sure don't remember waiting in line to get a table in the 70s. Especially in the middle of the afternoon. It's great to see that it is more popular than ever. My curious nephew tried a bit of suicidal sauce. What a moment (actually 15 minutes) of pain. He learned his lesson the hard way. If you'd like a good hotel near Duffs, try the Homewood Suites on Millersport Highway.
I had high expectations for this place. I've tried wings all over the country and finally I'm in Buffalo and get to try the originals. I think that maybe I don't really like Buffalo wings... The wings were good but they didn't blow me away. I've had wings just as good outside of Buffalo.
Ordered 10 BBQ Wings, 10 Medium-Hot Wings, and 2 Large Dinner Salads (Honey French and Caesar) I'm a medium to heavy eater and I found 13 wings and a large salad to be a nice meal. A heavy eater would want to have 20 wings and call it a night. The signs all over the place about how hot their sauce is are bogus. I understand spicy food very well, and the medium hot was clearly medium hot, not "very hot". I was able to eat them continuously, without water and not feel that my mouth was in any escalating pain. There was nearly no hotness high, it was very simply a spicy sauce on wings. I was very disappointed since everything they have says "medium is hot". The flavor of the wings was some of the best I have ever had. They do live up to their reputation of having delicious wings. They were excellent in texture and moistness. I suggest BBQ and one of their medium+ wings, having the two flavors was great. The wings were too salty, they were hiding some of their mildness behind the saltiness. If you've ever eaten way too salty tortilla chips for a long time, you would know the feeling of too much salt  on your lips, this is what it felt like by the end, and you could taste the excessive salt after eating a few. They charge for Everything. (Except napkins) Small restrooms. Horrible EQing on the important-to-hear PA system. If you've read my reviews before, I start at 5 stars and go down from there. There are unfortunately too many people who dole out 5's to everything that I pretty much must have a system that doesn't hurt good places in that environment. Above is the reasoning for knocking Duff's down.
I came to Duffs looking for the perfect Buffalo Wing in Buffalo. I was majorly disappointed when I took my first bite of a medium wing. Not only was the wing not hot- it was a blast of vinegar flavour. I'm anxious to try Anchor Bar now.....anything could be better than this.
Great original Buffalo wings. Came to this place as a UB grad student in the late 1980's, returned on occasion when passing through Buffalo and recently came back with my family on a trip passing through Buffalo. Place remains the same as I remember, down to the furniture. Crowd was less college student and more older adults (Thursday evening) and a few families sprinkled in the crowd. We ordered a bucket of wings (medium light), fries and a pitcher of Soda, and a Chef salad with chicken. Wings were perfect - very crispy, hot, large size and the wing sauce was as I remember it. Blue cheese dressing was thick, chunks of cheese and not watered down. Celery sticks were thick stalks, not little toothpicks. These are the real deal. Family enjoyed them as well and the chef salad was surprisingly good for a place that is famous for its fried food. Tempted to have a fried bologna sandwich, but the wings were too good. If we pass through again, I'll convince them that its time for the real Buffalo wings again!
Okay, so not only was this a while ago, but this was also when I absolutely hated spicy things. I just couldn't eat them. But I remember this experience not only having extremely spicy wings when they were supposed to be extra mild, even if I had them now, I'd probably not like them too much. One afternoon, I came here with my whole family, and we decided on a bucket of 50 wings, and I think it was 30 wings medium (which is hot in duff's terms), and then 20 extra mild wings, because at the time my mom and I hated spicy foods. I don't now, but still, we had to take drastic measures they weren't too spicy. Of course, they were extremely spicy. They weren't even that good tasting. Sorry duff's, but even Pizza Hut has better tasting wings than you do, and there's are frozen. I will continue to keep my wing business elsewhere.
Many claim this place to be the glory hole of the wing capital. Their wings are pretty good can't lie but their service needs some help. I felt extremely rushed when the waitress brought out bill 3 times without us asking. There was no line and they weren't closing anytime soon. Also, they charge for extra celery and carrots. I've never heard of a wing joint charging for that. I feel like the wings do not make up the service. I would rather go to Buffalo Wild Wings where they are nice to me and do not rush me. Duffs BBQ wings need some fixing. They tasted really off.
As a Rochesterian since 2005, I know what I like when it comes to buffalo wings. I was in Buffalo seeing the actual city for the first time two months ago (yeah, it's been way too long! for shame) with a few friends, and we debated which restaurant to hit up for wings: Duff's or Anchor Bar. We chose Duff's based on the reviews here. We weren't impressed. The place was dingier than the dive bars in Rochester where we get our weekly requirements of wings. It definitely looked like it was in need of renovation. The wings had thick sauce slapped on them, were overly fried, and were not particularly good. Especially compared to what we were used to in Rochester. I didn't get a visceral sensation of satisfaction from eating them. The wings' quality were about equivalent to eating wings from McDonald's or something - entirely "meh." Our waitress was equally unimpressive - she was wholly disinterested and we had to flag her down if we wanted anything. We won't be coming here again. The place had a significant feel of "cruising on glory days gone past." I came back to Buffalo a few weeks later and went to Anchor's. Their wings are much better, that I can say.
Best wings in the town of their namesake... While the Anchor Bar invented them, Duff's perfected them.  They are the best wings you can get - try them here at their original location on Sheridan/Millersport near UB.  SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOD!
Stopped by on our way to Niagara Falls and was really excited to try the famous Duffs. Unfortunately I was quickly let down. The wings were mediocre at best and the burger was so disgusting I had to send it back. Their shirts are misleading, medium is definitely mild. I will second some of the other posters' opinions who said buffalo wild wings is better.
I had the medium Buffalo wings. I drove up from Illinois and this was the top place I wanted to try. Went to the Bills stadium then ate 20 wings. I loved 'em! Not much else to say, great wings!
209 reviews? Well I doubt I can contribute anything groundbreaking but here goes... This place is popular, very popular. With their popularity, they could very well get away with expensive beers, sub-par service, nickel and diming etc. I expected to be ripped off, but I wasn't. I saw other tables with bowls of carrots and celery and was immediately jealous. I requested our own bowl. The waitress said, "okay, but it costs extra." After we ordered it, I turned to my fellow diner and snidely said, "Yea, I wonder how much they charge for that $1 celery." Well eat crow Meghan, because they charged a whopping 99cents for it.  They also have inexpensive beer ($3), provided great and attentive service, have combo deals (20 wings + pitcher of beer + large fries= $38), split wing flavors 5 ways, and happily box things up for you. I'm a fan, even though I don't like wings.  Oh yea, and they're not kidding...their medium is HOT.
The best wings on Gods green earth.
I think Duffs is the best chicken wing place in B-town.  Anchor bag has small crispy wings, and is always over crowded. Duffs are BIG, great tasting, and cooked just right.  The 20 wings, large french fry, and large pitcher of soda combo (20$) is hard to beat.
Buffalo's best wings.
I don't eat wings anymore but when I did these wings are fantastic. Crisp and good. My husband swears by them because he went to Buffalo and ate both Anchor Bar and Duff's wings and always says Duff's is the best. Fries are frozen prior but ehhmmmm ehhmmmm good! I've also tried the grilled cheese- too cheesy and buttery for me but if you're a vegetarian you can order and give them instructions on less cheese and butter. Veggie burger is delicious, too!
Arguably best wings in Buff...blows anything from W. coast away.
My first trip to buffalo and I guess I should have gone to the anchor bar instead.  Personally I found the wings oversauced and way too much acid on the sauce and doesn't feel refined.  I also tried the BBQ wings as well and again the amount of sauce on them was overwhelming.  Fries were great, onion rings good and great service.  We ordered a cheeseburger for my friends kid and it had a very nice backyard BBQ taste and feeling.  I need to try more buffalo wings in buffalo but my first impression is that you don't need to come here for the wings.  They are the same here than in other bars all over the us.  People were great though.
I gave this 3 stars.. my dad would probably disown me and make me perform sepuko (definitely did not spell that right) if i told him that.  He loves the place.  I went to buffalo for school and was a frequent flier here.  The wings are good, but definitely not the best i have had, but in the top 3.  I was actually more of a fan of their blue cheese/ranch dressing and superbly delicious french fries. SO GOOD. The place is super small, and the last time i was there they didnt have more than one tv in there.  I will be going back up there this week so i can always update my review if need be.  The parking is limited but there is a nissan dealership right across from it with Nissan GTR's in it so you can either drool over the beautiful cars or the almost angelic food in this small hut. I am still a fan, just certain things keep me from giving this a 4 star rating for me. maybe its because i came in with such high standards for "the best wings" or "the original buffalo wings".... The Lebron James of wings.. definitely good, one of the best ever but will never be as good as Jordan.. (marlboro inn sliders for all you buffalonians)
The wings are ok, but definitely not the best in the Buffalo area. Not as crispy as I like and can be hotter. The bowl of wings I got was just soggy.
When I have a craving for wings I go to DUFFS. Duffs alll the way. Duffs is wayyy better than Anchor Bar. Let me tell you why: 1. The wings are hot when you get them. 2. It doesn't take forever, even though the wait for a table does. 3. It's cheap. 4. Their fries are better. 5. aweeeeeeesome grilled cheese. 6 Great hot wings and BBQ wings. Now let's be little beast fatties and go to DUFFS.
I don't care what people say I love the wings and the service. Could use more room, but other than that I would recommend this place.
Yep, this place kicks butt!!!  I went to the Anchor Bar, well, because when visiting Buffalo, you just have to.   Don't waste your time there.....this place rocks!! Nothing fancy, and expect to get your fingers dirty!!!!  Succulent wings!!!  Believe the tshirts they wear-the medium is hot!!
I knew nothing about wings. Then I walked into Duff's. I ordered the triple hot wings.   A guy bet $10 bucks I wouldn't finish them. I was only 18. They came in a wooden bowl. I had to dip my hand past my wrist in sauce to grab a wing. I meowed like a little kitty and the spicy scent was tough to breathe in.  But my appetite grew as I ate. 12 wings later, I was champion, but Duff's was crowned king.
Do yourself a favor - skip all the specials and sides and just get a big ol' pile of wings.  If you must have a side, the French fries are pretty decent, but don't bother with the chili, soups, etc.  Stick with the wings. The wings are simply the best chicken wings I've ever had - the absolutely perfect combination of taste and heat.  Nice, big and meaty, and perfectly crunchy in all the right places.  The bleu cheese dipping sauce is also delicious.  The value for the money is right on.   Oh, and beware the well-publicized warnings about the heat of Duff's wings - they are not kidding.  The 'medium' wings are seriously hot (as in, 'parts of you will sweat that have never sweated before' hot).  These wings are as hot as I'll go, so I cannot imagine how much heat is in Duff's idea of 'hot' wings.   This place has been busy on the several occasions I've visited, and you will likely have to wait 20 to 30 minutes or maybe longer for a table.  The restaurant is somewhat small and you may be rubbing elbows with the folks at the next table, but that to me is part of fun - we struck up a friendly conversation with the group next to us on our last visit and enjoyed watching several of the guys actually trying the hot wings.   Duff's is well worth a visit.
Bar none, best wings anywhere! Bold statement, no doubt. However, Duffs Amherst practically invented Buffalo Wings and has no doubt perfected them. Wings are among the most deceptively simple foods. In theory it is fried chicken + hot sauce + butter. Yet, there are countless bad wing joints. The basic problem is making them more complex than the need to be. Duffs keeps it simple, consistent and delicious. Anchor Bar may have been the originator, but it's turned corporate and lost it's Mojo. BW3's might as well be McDonalds. When in Buffalo, Duffs is the place to go.
Flat bud light.   Average wings.  Few choices for sauce flavors. I won't be going back.
First words spoken when I found out I was going to Buffalo for work - "We can get wings!!!" And Duff's wings were IT!  Spicy, crunchy deliciousness.  I love Buffalo wings and this pretty much is Buffalo wing Nirvana.  Couple of Labatt's Blue, a bowl of fries and a bunch of wings.  My first night in Buffalo couldn't have gotten any better.   The menu is pretty basic (almost everything is in the fried category), but that might also be my California mentality of wanting something non-fried/maybe green for a non-heart attack option.   I saved my salad eating for when I got home.
Just like the Anchor Bar, this one is another tourist trap.  Any local who is a true chicken wing connoisseur can name at least 5 places better than "The Big Two."  In no particular order, better wings at... 1.) Papa Jake's 2.) Cole's 3.) Devlin's Deuce 4.) Gabriel's Gate 5.) Wellington Pub  The wings are larger than usual but come out way too vinegary.  So much so that the sourness of them caused me to choke on the fumes.  Also fairly overpriced and the service can be hit or miss.  Definitely better places for wings in the city.
The lunch special (10 wings and two sides for $10) was pointed out by the waitress even though there were only about two minutes left before the deal ended. That was awfully nice of her and much appreciated. The "Medium" wings had just the right amount of heat for me, and you get a surprising amount of of good food for $10.00.
I walk through the door and quickly find A pleasant aroma inviting me to dine I survey the story for its plot Behold! a glittering wing-sea à la Frank's Red Hot! I tune my ear to the joyous sounds Families finger-licking all around Nibbling and savoring moans resound Pitchers of beer to wash it all down! Piles of bones accompanied by the hush Of sated souls - slow to talk, much less get up! Time to loosen the belt and lean back in the chair Take a deep breath and smile - from ear to ear. ***********************************************'' For those from out of town - this is probably your best venue, as opposed to Anchor Bar, for getting an authentic Buffalo wing eating experience. While my personal favorite wings are the BBQ-Cajun wings at Gabriel's Gate, which pair deliciously well with their Gabriel's Brown Ale, Duff's makes my favorite Frank's Red Hot wings which seem to be Buffalo's wing sauce of choice. The beauty of it is that each Buffalonian seems to have a particular wing place they love- so take your time and let it be a journey to find your wing sanctuary of choice. That being said, Duff's is an excellent place to start. While other wing places focus on other foods as well, people come to Duff's for one thing - to eat LOTS of wings. There's no one picking at a salad to make you feel guilty. Instead, everyone is shamelessly pigging out together and savoring every moment. This is the best family atmosphere of all the wing places. Everyone is enjoying themselves and getting their faces covered with sauce. You always look forward to going and you always walk out happy.
Crispy and saucy...just the way I like it.   I can't say if they're the best because half way into any Buffalo wings meal my taste buds are shot to hell.  You can feed me a hot pocket and I wouldn't know the difference. I've been to Anchor Bar and Duff's many times and I do prefer Duff's because of the more casual atmosphere.   Get their fries too...they are addictive!!
I ordered 10 wings "medium light" since medium is advertised as hot... I like heat AND flavor. I definitely could have gone medium or medium hot and not been overpowered by heat. The wings were perfectly crispy on the outside, moderately meaty on the inside, and had a great buffalo taste (Duff's uses my favorite... Frank's Red Hot as the base for their sauces). I also ordered the 2nd most famous food in Buffalo, beef on weck... it was good, but not great. The roast beef was plentiful, but dry and the roll was too salty (and I love salt). Stick to the wings. I washed all of this down with a couple drafts of Labatt Blue. Total bill was $23.60. I will definitely be back for more wings the next time I am in Buffalo and will be ordering the medium hot.
My mouth is watering right now just writing this review.  I went here back in the summertime when I went to Buff to visit my friend.  We went midday and the place was definitely packed but the wait wasn't that long.  I was certain that these wings were overrated and going to be average but of course my ass was wrong.  I forgot which meal we ordered but the wings were extra crispy and so damn good. I was trying not to act ignant because the closest thing in Rochester to this is not Distillery but Anchor bar.  I would definitely come here again and again and again....
Best wings in the world, enough said. I wish it was open till 2 though. Dont go milder than Med though, because if you do you will end up with a plain wing basically, moist, but no flavor. Remember you can never eat enough wings.
It's ALL about the LUNCH SPECIAL!!!  Great deal: 10 wings, 2 sides $10! When visiting Buffalo, we had to try some famous buffalo wings!  And Duff's did not disappoint!  Great tasting wings - love that they are made FRESH and sauce added right before being served so the wings are still crispy, not soggy!  I tried the spiciest sauce, which wasn't terribly hot, but very vinegary.  For my sides, I tried their chili and a side salad which were both large portions, but nothing special.  Tons of food - way too much for me to finish in one sitting!   Very good and speedy service.
Okay, truly, if you're visiting Buffalo, YOU MUST EAT HERE. Duff's and Anchor Bar are the two wing places that seem to be battling it out over who is the best. Duff's sauce is thick, sweet, and always hot (even the mild) while Anchor Bar's sauce is vinegar based, tart, and spicy. I am a fan of Anchor Bar, but there are just as many of us as there are for Duff's. So try both if you want to experience the rivalry. And if you are with multiple people and one of them HATES wings, this place isn't a great for them. Their menu options are seriously limited. Anything that isn't wings or covered in sauce is super basic and nothing worth writing home about. Get here expecting to wait at least 30 minutes to be seated. This place is uber popular.
Awesome wings!!!
Even with multiple locations, i was surprised at how crowded this place was!! Everyone seemed to be craving duffs so there was a bit of a wait.  I felt that my chicken wings were just okay.  Tasted like any other wing to me, except that they DRENCH it in sauce; there was basically buffalo soup in the bowl afterwards.  It made for quite a messy and mediocre experience.  Since there was so much sauce, there wasnt much texture left for the chicken because it got soggy so fast.  Maybe next time I would order the sauce on the side or something.  Overall, it was just an okay experience for me.   One thing to note if you are visiting, as you open your mouth to take a bite, please dont inhale/breathe in.  The spices in the sauce are very pungent and will make you cough, no matter your spicy tolerance.
Oh man, my stomach is hurting.   The #3 is the way to go--20 wings, large fries, small pitcher of beer.  Yes, it's meant for sharing, piggies!   Medium is hot and is perfect.  The wings are saucy goodness, especially if you order them crispy.  They don't swim in sauce, but it comes off on your fingers so you get to lick them clean.  I usually take some sauce home on my  face too.
Messy and dripping with sauce just how I like it. The more sauce the better in my opinion. Wings were larger and juicier than Anchor Bar's. Line was kind of long though and space a bit tight.
Simply The Best!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Overpriced small wings!! and this place is loud and noisy!
When would one visit Buffalo? a) you live there b) attend school there c) driving through to niagara falls d) never The answer for me is C! So since I was in the area, I figured I needed to try the buffalo wings that were started in this city. I called up my friend who attends med school in Buffalo and he recommended Duff's over Anchor Bar (the original home of the Buffalo wing). The place was packed - we waited about 40minutes to be seated. No worries, the wings more than made up for it. We ordered 50 wings for $33 - which is a bargain! You're allowed to split up the order however you want (ex: 10 mild, 20 medium, 20 hot) This was pretty useful, when you're in a large group of people with different abilities to handle spiciness. The hottest I went was hot - and OMG, they were so perfect. Just hot enough, but not "too hot" to make the experience uncomfortable. Make no mistake, Duff's has some of THE BEST wings in the country and surely, the best wings I've ever eaten. So come, and order many, because they're good microwaved, the day after, AND because how often do you really visit Buffalo anyways?
Duffs is supposedly "The Birthplace of Buffalo Wings". Whenever I tell people that I go to school in Buffalo they ask me two questions. 1. How do you survive the winters there? 2. CAN YOU BRING ME BACK BUFFALO WINGS? 1. It's not too bad. If you have warm boots you'll be a-okay.   2. No, that's disgusting. It's a 6 hour drive. The wings are pretty good here I'll admit to that. If you order spicy be prepared to eat FIRE!!! (I'm serious) Also order fries, you have to order fries. Mmmm. But I feel like it's not to hard to make a good batch of Buffalo Wings so I feel that other restaurants can serve just as good wings. Also, don't eat chicken wings too often. Each chicken only has 2 wings!
Even though we all know their wings rock, their cheeseburgers are actually outstanding!  Their fries and onion rings are also very good.
Well, I was really excited to try Duffs and I have to say that they were good, but definitely not great. We had 10 mild and 10 BBQ. The mild were the best. I loved the way they were cooked and had I not tried the BBQ then I may have given them better reviews. The BBQ wings were caked with sooo much sauce it was crazy. I always choose "wet" sauced wings, but this was way overboard. Just toss the damn wings in some sauce, you know? I don't want more sauce than wings. But the fries were really good. The chicken fingers on the kids menu were awesome. I probably wouldn't go back to be honest. But don't let my review stop you from trying. If you're into REALLY hot than it looks like this is the place for you. And as I said, the mild were close to great. The service was also good. Our server was nice enough and she made sure we were ok, but for the most part she left us the hell alone. And that's what I like from my servers.
Hands down, the best!  We ate 15 medium wings each.  And downed draft Molson's and wine until we couldn't.   I wish we lived closer than 400 miles away.
Anchor Bar is the first, but Duff's is the best.  I get the Buffalo Chicken Fingers and I drench them in blue cheese.  Add some beer and some of their skinny french fries (kind of like a softer version of McDonald's fries), and you've got a perfect evening.  It was big part of my weight gain upon my move to Buffalo! I only gave it four stars because of the negatives:  The staff are pretty rude, they know they don't have to be nice to get patrons (main negative).  The dining room is pretty small, so at peak times, it's a bit of a pain.
I don't get all the haters.  Maybe it's that I don't get wings all that often - like once a year.  But when I have them I want them to be damn good.  And Duff's didn't disappoint.   Had driven all the way from Albany to see a show at the University at Buffalo, and this was our warm-up.  We got there a bit early, grabbed a few pints of their namesake brew and waited in the bar area.  It took a little longer than we were told to be seated, but it was packed so no biggy.  After we sat down we were served promptly, but they didn't rush us after we'd finished our wings and wanted a couple minutes to finish the pitcher (of more Duff's of course).  Everyone in our party LOVED the wings, and the fries were definitely respectable.  The wings, though... perfectly crispy, deliciously juicy on the inside, the sauce exactly as spicy as advertised and lots of it.   I don't know - to me this is everything I could hope for in a wing place.  And it's an easy jaunt off the Thruway, so that makes it possible to make a once annual pilgrimage to get the real thing. I've been to the Anchor Bar a while back and remembered having great wings.  I just like the fact that Duff's is all wings and only wings.  And they're not ashamed of it.  I love the 70s/80s look of the place as well - just feels like you're really in Buffalo.  So yeah, five stars all the way.
Ordered the medium hot here and it still managed to burn quite a bit! I may be weak sauce though because my friend seemed absolutely fine while eating it. We ordered jalapeno poppers, fries with cheese sauce and 20 wings.. it was unhealthy food heaven. I would come out here again if I was in the area, the wings were huge and delicious, service was friendly, and the environment was really chill. If I lived close by I'd probably gain a ton of weight eating here!
As they say, Anchor Bar started it, but Duff's perfected it. As a quasi-Buffalonian, I much prefer the wing experience with Duff's, so when my sister visited me this weekend, I convinced her to go here instead of the more-known alternative. And needless to say, we had a great time. We ordered spicy BBQ as well as hot wings. And yes, hot is very, very hot indeed. It tested my heat tolerance, but overall, I still enjoyed it, as long as you give me enough paper napkins. We also tried their own beer, which was to my liking. I only got a sip, as it was lunch and I wasn't feeling too inclined into drinking, but if ever I get back here, I would definitely order one myself. So why not 5 stars? It has to do with the wing experience, plus little other things. Wings isn't my regular food. I classify it as part of those edible exotica, that I only eat once every blue moon. During a party, during a family visit, things like that. Hence, eating in Duff's, as much as I think they are the best wings out there, still present some discomfort due to being out of the ordinary. The ambience of the place doesn't make it easy. It's crowded, and the fine line between cozy and claustrophobic is too blurry for me. Not to mention the very small bathrooms. Perhaps the best way to experience wings for me and give them 5 stars is to order it as a take out.
After doing some due diligence on wings in Buffalo for my 24-hour stay there, I decided that Duff's would be my first stop and Anchor Bar my 2nd. "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" indeed.  These are hands-down the best wings I've ever had (and I came of age eating Buff's wings in Newton, MA). Crispy, spicy but not tear-inducing spicy (we got the Medium), and the sauce was fantastic. Thick, vinegary, buttery. I'm already scheming ideas for an excuse to visit Buffalo again, just to have those wings again.
really big bowl of fries, great bbq wings, suicidal sauce too hot for my taste but overall love it here
Knew this place was the real deal when I walked up to the entrance and there was a Lin out the door at 6pm! The wings were crispy, meaty and the buffalo sauce was mouth watering good. I ordered a side of fries which helped break up the spice of the wings. Service was friendly but a bit overwhelmed by the crowd. I didn't see much of my server and had to wait uncomfortably long for the check. She also served me a 20 wing order eve though I ordered a ten piece. I decided not to complain and paid the difference on my bill because the wings were so good.
Of the three well known Buffalo Wing Joints, I like Duff's the best. But I have never dined in. It's a dingy bar type scene and now that Obama visited it's more crowded than ever. So I ordered 30 wings for take out. Medium, Medium Hot, and Hot. Their wings are saucy. Like it's drowned in it. I like the sauce. It's very vinegary with good amount of kick. The hot made me sweat and I love me some heat. It's got just enough spiciness to put your taste buds into overdrive but not so spicy that you thought you just entered a man vs. food challenge.
WOW great wings! Fell right off the bone. I got the Duff's hot sauce. It was pretty hot. I got Death Sauce on the side. I thought the Duff's was not hot enough, so put the death on after eating 1. Well the first 7 were very hot, the last two I felt I was on "Man vs Food" trying to finish a hot wing challenge. I never use Blue Cheese on my wings and I had to. Again Death Sauce was Very HOT! So be careful. This is from a wing eater that never has found a hot enough sauce. I have every hot sauce in my fridge, so it is very hot. Be warned! Got fries on the side and they were what you expect. This place lived up to its Buffalo wing reputation!
Excellent wings! They have a lunch special that comes with 2 sides and their portions are very large!  I always leave with leftovers.  Buy their bottled hot sauce.  It's good on anything!
If you enjoy completely overpriced mediocre  fried food , then you obviously should head here.  We don't normally eat this crap, but were feeling frisky today. Two orders of pizza logs or sticks or whatever they're called, and a double order of wings. Upon arrival the wife got a $36 bill!!!!! She paid it without word because she's nice like that. I would've left the crap there. Should I have asked the price? Sure. But my mistake for thinking I ordered cheap fried food. Never ever again. Oh and like i originally said, the wings were so completely average .
Despite my brother (who went to college @ UB) being a fan of Anchor Bar, I like this place better. I can't recall which DUFF'S I visited but I'll just leave my review here. I like their wings, they are finger lickin good, I think KFC should relinquish their old slogan and hand it over to DUFF'S. The sauce is perfection, the wings are perfection, what more do you need? (Skip the fries though, bland and just a starchy obstacle to the wings) I packed the leftover wings to go and brought it on the flight back to JFK as a carry-on item. They were still finger lickin good enough for dinner.
As a tourist traveling through Buffalo on my way to Niagara, I was hoping to get some awesome "buffalo wings".   I decided to consult Yelp to find a spot to indulge myself.  The top 2 spots appeared to be Anchor Bar and Duffs.  Duffs had the better reviews in the recent months, so that's where I went.  This place is tiny!  I got there with a party of 4 around 3 PM and was told there was a 25 minute wait.  The parking lot was packed, so I wasn't surprised.  After looking around,  I could see why.  There are not very many tables, and even though there are no TVs in the dining area, people were lingering for a while after eating.  The wait time was pretty accurate, and when we were seated, we all decided to try various degrees of hotness for the wings as a part of the lunch special (10 wings and 2 sides for $10).   To be completely honest, the wings were not that great.  They weren't bad, just not that great.  The signs say caution:  medium is Hot, hot is Very Hot, etc etc...  I had the medium, and they were tolerable, not hot.  I don't like super-hot food, but the fact that I could eat them with no problem made me a little sad.   The fries are bad, dry, cold, and not salted at all.  The soup was average.  The service was also average, and the bathroom was dirty.  My overall opinion on this place is that it is completely passable.  Unfortunately, I did not go to Anchor Bar, so I can't compare it to anywhere else local to the area.
One of the best places to get your wings!
Number 1 buffalo wing in the universe. Me and my girlfriend just cannot have enough of this. Don't forget, medium is Hot (at least to me)
Much preferred the experience to Anchor Bar.  I expected this place to be 5 stars, but I guess because I thought Buffalo would be wing mecca.  Instead, these are just damn good wings. Got the BBQ and Hot.  Neither were hot, but both were tasty.  Also got the Chicken Tender Salad, which was really, really delicious.  And gigantic. I'd come here again.  Only real bad thing was that their beer wasn't very good, which seems to be a theme in this area.
Pure and simple, wings. Deliciously crispy on the outside, meaty and moist on the inside. Forget Anchor Bar and go to Duffs. Expect a wait if youre going at a peak time: weekends, dinner time. But its well worth it. Take out is also great. Lunch is extremely cheap for all of the food you get. The inside is nothing special but that's not the reason you go to Duffs.
Hands down, the best wings on the planet! I grew up on these things and while it's not hard to get good wings in Buffalo, you go to Duffs to get truly great wings.
Waited like 30 minutes for our food. Turned out they had accidentally given our wings to another table. Ordered mild wings and they were basically sauce free. I would have asked for extra sauce but the waitress never came back. Blue cheese was really good. Salad was blah. Fries also blah.  Soda tasted watery. No refills were offered.
What more can I say. I don't even normally eat wings (I know I have the wrong audience here, but there's just something about gnawing meat off of an animal bone that gets to me), but I had to have them at Duff's. We got 20 Medium Light wings (weak, I know) and they were PLENTY hot for me. We also tried one of their sandwiches which was decent as well.
Buffalo wings in Buffalo: Good wings, though I've had as good elsewhere. Service was fast and friendly.  The dining room was about at the level of a typical pizzeria.
On a trip to Saint Louis we went out of our way to go here because we heard mythical things. They were so true. I love buffalo wings and this is the mecca of great wings. If your anywhere near here and love wings please do yourself a huge favor and take the time to go! We took home 60 wings cause we knew we would want them later as the cravings snuck up on us. Go spicy!
I don't understand why there are so many people here. Everything here is bad. A lot of the bad reviews have been thrown into the "not recommended" section and I really think they deserve some attention. I personally have no beef with this restaurant or the name or anything related to Duffs. I am not even from around here. I came to visit my girlfriend who is currently in UB med. Perhaps things are different where I am from, but wings are wings. First off there is no service. You are seated and your order taken. Once that is done, no more service until they see you are ready to leave. Then they pounce to give you check. They don't have check in any holder or anything. They just give you a piece of paper. Kind of outdated.... And then they forget about you. Food wise. Their fries are like McDonald fries. Same taste and texture. Don't get me wrong, they are good, but nothing special. They get soggy really quick. By the end of the meal the fries were already starting to sog up. And now the wings. We ordered like a little of everything and everything had the same issue. The wings.... Are terrible. Dry. Crunchy like too much dough or fried too long. The meat was terribly dry. They tasted like they overcooked leftover wings. Even with sauce they still tasted dry. Also why say "medium is hot" when it is clearly not. We got both medium and hot to compare and seriously medium has like no spice. My girlfriend who hates spice while I personally love it, both agreed the medium had literally no spice. The hot was barely spicy to my girlfriend. To me, medium and hot tasted the same... like nothing. The death sauce is just habanero grinded into buffalo sauce. Nothing unique. I cook with habaneros and I know exactly what they taste like. While the death sauce is spicy, it is absolutely nothing special. Could've done anything to make it tastes better but they chose to do nothing. Either way, the way they prepare their chicken wings is just a disgrace to chicken wings. Just like how I despise any restaurant that dares to serve up dry chicken breast, to serve up dried wings is an abomination that needs to be brought to justice. This place can't even manage the core foundations of cooking a chicken wing, how can it call itself famous? I should also add, it's not that the place is busy that there is no service. It's the waitresses. They just stand in the front and talk gossip to each other. I was in earshot of them while waiting to be seated. Seems like they all do it. Once they bring food, they go back up and stand there and chat until they see someone ready to receive a check.
Best.  Wings.  Ever.  Hands down.  I challenge any restaurant to make anything as good as the in between medium and hot that they serve.  Simply excellent.  Spicy but not so hot that you don't enjoy the meal.
duffs has some pretty good wings, definitely is up to par with the competition. Order the wings mild/hot with a side of fries, and its pretty juicy and flavorful. There's a lil bit of hype about this place, but it's not like Amazing. But good. I probably will be back, but im not in a hurry to.
The best wings anywhere period.
Many claim this place to be the glory hole of the wing capital. Their wings are pretty good can't lie but their service needs some help. I felt extremely rushed when the waitress brought out bill 3 times without us asking. There was no line and they weren't closing anytime soon. Also, they charge for extra celery and carrots. I've never heard of a wing joint charging for that. I feel like the wings do not make up the service. I would rather go to Buffalo Wild Wings where they are nice to me and do not rush me. Duffs BBQ wings need some fixing. They tasted really off.
* Came to find best wings in Buffalo * Have lower expectations and you'll be happier * Get normal spicy. Got the 10 wings with fries and salad. 5 mild medium, 5 original. I'm not a big spicy eater but all they really do is throw frank's red hot sauce on it. So i would have taken all 10 in original. They were actually not as spicy as I had thought. Chicken wings were good, size was okay, not the best, not the worst, the blue cheese was actually really good on my wings. Not being from buffalo, i usually get ranch or no extra dressing on my wings. But i really liked the blue cheese here. Restaurant had a weird smell though, a vinegary and cleaning fluid smell. Later on, I saw the ladies cleaning each table with a pink colored spray. while i feel it's pretty thorough, since people might drip sauce or drop bones on the tables, the smell is a little odd. After duff's my friend and i went to gabriel's gate to decide for ourselves what the best in Buffalo was.
I love wings and I don't get the fuss about Duff's. If you like wings soaked in Frank's Red Hot then maybe this is your thing. I expect more from a wing sauce.  A  true wing sauce should have butter, hot sauce, and not be too thick. This is just plain hot sauce without any flavor -- just hot.   Maybe the wings were crispy but it's hard to tell through that thick and overabundant sauce. Mediocre wings combined with a dirty and overcrowded atmosphere is just not for me.  Sorry Duff's, but my local pizzaria is much better.
Good hot wings, i like Anchor Bar better, but this place has some good spice!!!
Came to visit in Buffalo and was excited to go to Anchor Bar, the birthplace of wings.  However, my local hosts recommended Duff's as having better wings. I took their advice, and while I haven't been to Anchor Bar to compare, I am happy with their recommendation. All I had were wings and fries.  The wings were very well cooked, some of the best that I've had, and they were served hot(temperature - discussion on spiciness below). The fries were better than average. I wish I had read Yelp reviews before going, then I would have known that the Buffalo definition of "hot" is not that hot/spicy.  Duff's posts: WARNING! Medium is HOT, Medium Hot is VERY HOT, Hot is VERY, VERY HOT.  I took them seriously and ordered Medium, Medium are NOT hot. Duff's medium are is half a notch above mild. If you are accustomed to spicy food, I recommend ordering Medium Hot or Hot, I would definitely recommend Duff's for wings.
Wings dont typically make me drop to my knees, but holy shit.  Seriously folks, bring a change of underwear because your first bite of these wings might cause you to void your bowels.  They are that good.   Dont say I didnt warn you.
The best wings in the US thats their Slogan.  Guess what they r for me really the best wings not only in the US in the whole world! U dont belive me come and see. They r better then u could ever believe!
Best wings. I have been eating here for about three years. I have Duff's at least once a week. I stick to the suicide wings. Also the fries and blue cheese rock.
I had the medium Buffalo wings. I drove up from Illinois and this was the top place I wanted to try. Went to the Bills stadium then ate 20 wings. I loved 'em! Not much else to say, great wings!
Apparently when in Buffalo, Duff's is THE place to go for chicken wings. I stopped in here with some friends and was not disappointed. The spot is unpretentious, there's plenty of parking, seems like there is always a little bit of a wait - but it's not too bad. They offer daily specials and overall,  it's just a fun spot to be at. I found the medium sauce to be spiced perfectly and flavorful. A little bit of a kick but not too much to where your mouth is hurting. The BBQ sauce was sweeter than I generally like but it still was pretty good. Definitely looking forward to going back again with friends for some good wings and beer.
Had to stop in Buffalo, NY on the way back from a quick getaway in Niagara Falls for some authentic buffalo wings.  I was undecided on where to go in Buffalo, but after doing some research, it was between the Anchor Bar, and Duffs.  Duffs won out, primarily because of its close proximity from the highway (idle if your just passing thru).   Duffs did not disappoint!  We ordered daily special #1, that included 20 wings, large fry, and a small pitcher of pop.  You can tell Duff's gets a lot of business from the University near by, as the place was packed the entire time we were there.  Luckily, we walked right in at the right time and were seated immediately.   We ordered our wings as Medium, since Duffs seemed to suggest this would be hot, and Medium hot= Very Hot, and Hot = Very, Very Hot.  Medium ehh not very hot, don't get me wrong they were delicious wings (besides the one or two Frankenstein wing that seemed to be a cross between a chicken breast/thigh/wing).  But, point is if you want a hot wing with some spice start at Duffs Medium Hot, and go from there.
By far the best Buffalo chicken wings of all time! Everytime I'm in town, I must eat here. The wings are so good, I freeze 6 dozen of them and take them home with me. Try putting wing sauce on your french fries.
Was in Buffalo for the first time.  Had planned on going to the Anchor Bar, but a local steered us here. The wings -- which we ordered just one step up from the mild (we probably should have ordered another step up from that) were fine, but certainly nothing that would keep me coming back to Buffalo or to Duffs, but they were tasty.  Fries were okay, too. Onion rings were also okay. We didn't get there till about 11:30 pm -- we were the only customers, and the wait staff was in the process of cleaning up when we arrived.  It must have been disappointing for them to have customers show up so close to closing, yet they responded good-naturedly (generally I found people in Buffalo friendly and nice; in NYC, it we had shown up 30 mins before closing when everyone was cleaning up and hoping to go home, we would have been treated to a lot of resentment...). Would have given it 3.5 stars if the system allowed.
Man this place is popular! Full disclosure: we are not from Buffalo so I cannot get into the whole Anchor vs Duff's debate. I am not a wing aficionado, but since we were in Buffalo we had to jump on the bandwagon. The service is fast and friendly. We had 20 wings (10 mild for me and 10 medium for my husband.) The bleu cheese sauce is good. Tried loganberry juice for the first time. It was good! Tastes kind of like fruit punch and not overly sweet. We also ordered the onion rings. They were super hot and crispy. I'm not a huge fan of this type of food (greasy bar food) so this is a one time meal for me. The food was decent. It was fun to try once since we were in the area, but I don't get what all the fuss is about...
Oh, sweet lord these wings are fantastic. I've been to Anchor Bar, and they don't hold a candle to Duffs.  Yes, I was a chicken and we got medium mild, but the flavor was awesome.  Plus the Duff microbrew was cheap and not offensive at all.  And the fries were the perfect palate-cleanser. And three of us stuffed our faces, and had a pitcher of beer..... tax, generous tip, etc. came out to $26!
Duff's is basically Buffalo in a nutshell.  It looks shitty and theres fat people everywhere. However, that is not whats important.  The food here is actually bomb, so bomb in fact, that I'm spending the time to write this.  Although the BBQ wing is basically a whole bottle of sweet baby ray's sloppily dumped onto chicken wings, the buffalo style hot wing is not only crispy, yet succulent and tender.  If you want tradition, go to the anchor bar, but if you want cheap food and fat people in Bills apparel- Duff's is for you.
Buffalo's best wings.
It gets three stars for being the home of Buffalo wings. It only gets three stars because, frankly, it just wasn't that great. I suppose people from Buffalo are pretty proud of their little concoction.  And to be honest, I love Buffalo Wings.  But there are plenty of wing chains nationwide that serve much better stuff that this.  Overall, the service was just okay, the floors were so dirty with grease you could ice skate on them, and the wings themselves were overpriced and just loaded with hot sauce instead of any real flavor.  They weren't even meaty...  just average.  I have had better at Hooters! If you're in Buffalo for one night and looking to do something nostalgic, Duff's is the place.  If you're really hungry for great food, you should upgrade to KFC or a trash bin outside of a KFC.
My first wing experience upon arriving in Buffalo, and they were great! Ordered the medium as per instructions from my host, and believe me, they were plenty hot. Not painfully so, pretty much perfect actually. The sauce here is a very richly colored red, so I suppose they have something going on other than the standard Franks Red hot and butter combo, which is what it seems to be at Anchor Bar and most other places (not that there is anything wrong with that). But it was cool to have a bit of a slightly unique spin on it. They are also VERY generous with the sauce. If I had to choose between Anchor and Duffs, I'd have to go with Duffs.
OK  so finally made to Buffalo and was told this was the place to go for wings.  Waited on a Friday afternoon for about 45 min, which to me is not such a bad thing.  ordered the medium and medium hot.  both tasted great.  I like hot food and eat it pretty often, medium was not hot enough but medium hot had an awesome flavor and had enough kick.  I got a side of suicide on side to try it and it was good (not happy that I had to pay for it)  Happy that I went and would go back.
Great place. Great wings. Duff's brew was very good too. Would definitely go back if in the neighborhood. Waitress was also very good.
I lived down the street from the Sheridan location for two years and this place has the best chicken wings you will ever have! I recently moved away from Buffalo but I have still yet to find a place that makes wings as good as this. If you are traveling to Buffalo or live there and somehow haven't eaten there yet you need to go!
I visited Buffalo last September and got a chance to try both the Anchor Bar and Duffs. Anchor gets 5 stars and Duffs gets 4 stars, but only because it's not the birthplace of the wing. I ordered the 10 wings with medium sauce, so I could compare with the medium wings I had at Anchor an hour earlier. The wings were terrific. Plenty of sauce, perfectly cooked and a good size. Everything you would want in a great Buffalo wing. On top of that the staff was friendly and the place had a nice family feel, like you were in the family basement rec room. Duffs has great wings and depending on the day or cook, maybe better then Anchor. I tried both on the same day and thought Anchor's were awesome and Duff's were terrific. If I lived in Buffalo I'd go to which ever was closer to me.
Don't kid yourself, you don't know Buffalo until you have tried Duffs. Their wings are saucier,bigger, juicer and tastier than any other wing in Buffalo, but beware these suckers are HOT HOT HOT. The mild wings are medium by most conventional standards.
I gave this 3 stars.. my dad would probably disown me and make me perform sepuko (definitely did not spell that right) if i told him that.  He loves the place.  I went to buffalo for school and was a frequent flier here.  The wings are good, but definitely not the best i have had, but in the top 3.  I was actually more of a fan of their blue cheese/ranch dressing and superbly delicious french fries. SO GOOD. The place is super small, and the last time i was there they didnt have more than one tv in there.  I will be going back up there this week so i can always update my review if need be.  The parking is limited but there is a nissan dealership right across from it with Nissan GTR's in it so you can either drool over the beautiful cars or the almost angelic food in this small hut. I am still a fan, just certain things keep me from giving this a 4 star rating for me. maybe its because i came in with such high standards for "the best wings" or "the original buffalo wings".... The Lebron James of wings.. definitely good, one of the best ever but will never be as good as Jordan.. (marlboro inn sliders for all you buffalonians)
So I promised the BF I'd fore go my ban on eating meat and try a hot wing or two while we visited his family in NY.  We went to both Duff's and the Anchor Bar to answer the (apparent) age-old question:  which is better? Well... Duff's is a shit hole of a place with decor that looks like it hasn't been updated since 1971.  Which is actually fine and would have been pretty cool if the food was decent.  But it wasn't.  The salad - the one healthy thing I attempted to eat all day - consisted of wilted, brown, chopped iceberg with some purple cabbage and a tomato thrown in for  good measure.  Truly a work of art.  The BF just looked at the salad, looked at me and shrugged.  "I warned you", he said.  "This is Buffalo, not Berkeley".   To be fair, he did warn me.   Any hoo... the wings... The sauce on their wings tastes like ass. ASS. We ordered the HOT hot wings and I couldn't really tell if they were hot or not due to the fact that nothing could cut through the salty, vinegary taste.   Not even the artery clogging blue cheese dressing could save these freaking things.   Within an hour my fingers were swollen up like little sausages and I had an overwhelming urge to consume any liquid I could get my hands on.  Which might explain why everyone in the place was drinking cheap ass beer. So gross. I was seriously not impressed.
I'm an Anchor Bar fan BUT I will give Duff's its props. This is my 2nd favorite wing spot and I actually go here a lot more often because its in Amherst and not all the way Downtown. I think their wings are a bit overfried, but sometimes I like that extra crispy taste. and their sauces are probably the real highlight of the dish. While Anchor Bar wings are kind of light in sauce, Duff's is heavy. It can also get pretty spicey too! Basically theres not much to say. Its not a fancy place at all so grab some wings, some beer/soda and sit down n' enjoy.
soooo good. loved these way more than anchor bar.
I am a huge wings fan and these did not disappoint. They were crispy, meaty and the sauce was amazing. I ordered the special that came with fries, the fries were also amazing.
Pretty solid place for wings. I know that this is a multi-location restaurant,  but they do a good job of making it feel like a mom and pop. The wings were good, and the service was friendly. If you're looking for a place to experience wings in Buffalo,  this isn't a bad one to try.
Very disappointed with the Buffalo wings. Extremely salty; and I like salty food, the sauce was way too vinegary, and the meat was dry. The celery sticks were huge and had too much fiber to chew. The blue cheese dip looked and tasted like some sort of glue. The service was quick at first. We got our food in less than 5 minutes. Are the wings made to order??? At the end of our meal, it took at least 15 minutes to get our check. You can easily get better Buffalo wings elsewhere. Anchor Bar's wings beat Duff's hands down.
WAY better than Anchor bar. They don't overextend themselves with a sub-par menu of additional bar foods (like Anchor bar does), and their bleu cheese is delicious. The place is a little janky, but I prefer taste over atmosphere.
Yep, this place kicks butt!!!  I went to the Anchor Bar, well, because when visiting Buffalo, you just have to.   Don't waste your time there.....this place rocks!! Nothing fancy, and expect to get your fingers dirty!!!!  Succulent wings!!!  Believe the tshirts they wear-the medium is hot!!
I like duffs. I'm not a wing expert but I definitely thing it's pretty tasty. I actually really like their fries here and there microbrew isn't bad! A nice place to feel like your have a buffalo experience. But other than that nothing too special. I give it a higher star ranking because it is actually pretty good, the prices seem high though. But hey, it is what it is.
I used to think some chain wing stores were good.. ha Until I savored these delicious wings!! Great prices, wonderful sauce, and the blue cheese is wonderful. Nothing but great things here.
My husband and I were visiting Niagra Falls and drove through Buffalo. We ate at Anchor Bar on the way in and Duff's on the way out. Anchor had juicy wings, but Duff's sauce was amazing and their wings were perfect. I would return to Duff's again and again. We had the medium sauce and it was perfect.
For the hometown of buffalo wings, I was expecting something angelic. The wings here were, well, quite normal. Maybe my expectations were high, but I was disappointed with the quality of the meat. It was a bit tough, and didn't taste fresh. Beware - the medium sauce was *definitely* medium, despite the signs around the restaurant claiming otherwise.
I do love Duff's for their wings but little else. The atmosphere is decent but average for a place like this. To be honest, I really tend to like other establishments better for the wings. I find that there are much better places to hang out with friends, and their menus are better - because I don't want to JUST eat wings all night. One of the better places for wings out there but, it's not my first pick. The facility itself seems very unclean and the smell that lingers there is scented like a hundred years of Eau de Cigarette smoke and stale cheap beer. Unfortunately, it's true. Though the wings are quite good, the overall feel of the place is mediocre at best. My first time there was six months ago and I haven't been back since.
in buffalo, there are many places for chicken wings.   in my book, I always choose Duff's and the location in Amherst!   their wings are always perfectly crispy with the just the right amount of sauce and the perfect kick!   the lunch combos with fries and chili make it the ultimate heart-clogging lunch but so tasty and worth it.  Add some beer to wash it all down!   you can smell the grease as you drive up millersport highway!   i never understood the fascination with chicken wings and hot sauce until I came to Buffalo.   in general wings outside of Western NY (no further east than Syracuse) is 99% terrible. so come on in and try it for yourself and compare it to the other joints in b-lo!
This was the first restaurant I went to in Buffalo and I didn't think much of it.  I've never been to Anchor Bar but I'm interested in testing out the difference between the two.  It might just be me but it seems like the appeal is just based on hot hot the sauce is and how anyone can taste chicken after that is beyond me.
Flat bud light.   Average wings.  Few choices for sauce flavors. I won't be going back.
I consider myself a connoisseur of the wing. 25 cent wing night, im there. Football on sundays, im stuffing my face with drum sticks and brewdogs. But when i went to buffalo to visit some college friends, i had one thing in mind, and that was to have the best wings the founding city had to offer. I trust my friends who live there, and they said this was the best. I liked the vibe as soon as i got in there (your nose kindof stings a little from the smell of the wingers). We waited at the bar and had some Blue Lights, then sat down and began our feast. 20 wings, a pitcher of beer and a bowl of fries for like 20 bucks is a pretty great deal. My only complaint is not really a complaint, i just expected the HOT wings to be a little bit hotter, but the sauce was still one of the best i've ever had. The wings were meatyThe wings werent too crunchy, but they werent soft and moist like some bad wings. I just said soft and moist. But the sauce was delicious and I would go here all the time if i lived in the Buff.
Best wings, hands down. Lived up to expectations. Wings cooked to perfection, crispy. Wings bigger than usual.
Skip the tourists and long lines at Anchor Bar and go where the locals go. Great wings, cold beer...what else are you looking for ?!!!!
What can I say about Duff's that hasn't been said before? The wings were excellent. The service was great! The only thing that I would recommend is that if you're used to spicy food, order hotter than the medium. I ordered just the medium and was surprised that they weren't as hot as the menu said they were going to be "medium is hot". I wish I would have ordered hotter wings but I'm very happy with what I ordered. The wings were perfectly crispy and not breaded which totally ruins good wings. If I lived in New York I'd eat at Duff's on a regular basis and weigh a ton. Oh, I hear they have one in TX. Excuse me while I see how long the drive would be to get there...
As a Rochesterian since 2005, I know what I like when it comes to buffalo wings. I was in Buffalo seeing the actual city for the first time two months ago (yeah, it's been way too long! for shame) with a few friends, and we debated which restaurant to hit up for wings: Duff's or Anchor Bar. We chose Duff's based on the reviews here. We weren't impressed. The place was dingier than the dive bars in Rochester where we get our weekly requirements of wings. It definitely looked like it was in need of renovation. The wings had thick sauce slapped on them, were overly fried, and were not particularly good. Especially compared to what we were used to in Rochester. I didn't get a visceral sensation of satisfaction from eating them. The wings' quality were about equivalent to eating wings from McDonald's or something - entirely "meh." Our waitress was equally unimpressive - she was wholly disinterested and we had to flag her down if we wanted anything. We won't be coming here again. The place had a significant feel of "cruising on glory days gone past." I came back to Buffalo a few weeks later and went to Anchor's. Their wings are much better, that I can say.
Why isn't this 5 stars??  THE BEST BUFFALO WINGS ON THE PLANET. My advice, order them Medium Hot & Crispy. OMG SO GOOD, I travel to WNY just for Duffs.  So good, Obama came!
I luv Duffs wings--the best in Buffalo!  The wings are super crispy, just the way I like them.  I always get the Mild Medium Sauce which isn't too saucy or hot.  You can always get any sauce on the side.  I love the blue cheese at this place, so creamy, tastes perfect.  The fries are not consistent.  They are best when they come out white, but sometimes they are cooked too long and too golden.  Beef on Weck is very tasty. You can get loganberry here.  Table service is very good but ther eis never enough tables on the weekend.  They are always super busy on Saturday evening so you must get there before 4:00pm or after 8:00pm if you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table.  Though, it's always fun to play a video game or two while you wait. =P
I walk through the door and quickly find A pleasant aroma inviting me to dine I survey the story for its plot Behold! a glittering wing-sea à la Frank's Red Hot! I tune my ear to the joyous sounds Families finger-licking all around Nibbling and savoring moans resound Pitchers of beer to wash it all down! Piles of bones accompanied by the hush Of sated souls - slow to talk, much less get up! Time to loosen the belt and lean back in the chair Take a deep breath and smile - from ear to ear. ***********************************************'' For those from out of town - this is probably your best venue, as opposed to Anchor Bar, for getting an authentic Buffalo wing eating experience. While my personal favorite wings are the BBQ-Cajun wings at Gabriel's Gate, which pair deliciously well with their Gabriel's Brown Ale, Duff's makes my favorite Frank's Red Hot wings which seem to be Buffalo's wing sauce of choice. The beauty of it is that each Buffalonian seems to have a particular wing place they love- so take your time and let it be a journey to find your wing sanctuary of choice. That being said, Duff's is an excellent place to start. While other wing places focus on other foods as well, people come to Duff's for one thing - to eat LOTS of wings. There's no one picking at a salad to make you feel guilty. Instead, everyone is shamelessly pigging out together and savoring every moment. This is the best family atmosphere of all the wing places. Everyone is enjoying themselves and getting their faces covered with sauce. You always look forward to going and you always walk out happy.
Mediocre visit. I read here on Yelp that the Anchor Bar is a tourist trap, so we came here off of our hotel's recommendation. I'm all for crispy wings, but these were so crispy that I couldn't distinguish between what was meat or bone. Server was nice, hence the two stars. Ordered cinnamon monkey bread for our road trip to NYC tonight & the inside is still frozen. When brought to the waitress' attention she said the kitchen does it that way since the food will be cold by the time we got home. Although she offered to heat it more we were ready to go. Duff's TV station playing was hilarious though. Better than AFV. ***Update: We weren't going to leave Buffalo without doing a side-by-side comparison of the wings, so we went straight to Anchor Bar just to satisfy our curiosity. WE LOVED THEM! Warm atmosphere, staff who seems to like their job, and meatier wings with the perfect amount of crunch. We were even able to purchase a bottle of their sauce to take home to Denver with us. NOT a tourist trap.
The same great wings I remember from 20 years ago when I went to UB.  Some things are better unchanged, hopefully Duff's will be the same 20 years from now.
The wings are amazing and delicious.... A little too salty though but overall very good
My favorite wings in buffalo. I've heard there are better out there, but I've yet to try something that's better than a Duffs wing. Meaty wings, potent sauce, fresh bleu cheese dressing thats clearly not from a bottle of kraft. Cute waitresses taboot. Get the grilled cheese! I love that Buffalo seems to only do grilled cheese with flipped hamburger buns/italian rolls. Even if it's not just for yourself, order and split one of these things - it's a cheesy, oily gutbomb in the best sortof way.
I don't eat wings anymore but when I did these wings are fantastic. Crisp and good. My husband swears by them because he went to Buffalo and ate both Anchor Bar and Duff's wings and always says Duff's is the best. Fries are frozen prior but ehhmmmm ehhmmmm good! I've also tried the grilled cheese- too cheesy and buttery for me but if you're a vegetarian you can order and give them instructions on less cheese and butter. Veggie burger is delicious, too!
After trying out Anchor and Duff's, I realized that I am not a fan of Buffalo Wings. Or better yet, everyone learned how to make the same. Nothing is special about their wings.
We came to Buffalo, so we obviously need to get Buffalo wings, right?  Anchor Bar is the original, but we were told to come to Duff's.  We did, and I can't say we were disappointed.  For $10, we got their lunch special... 10 wings and 2 sides.  We ordered our wings mild-medium, I think, and we could have gone hotter for sure.  Good wings, but definitely not the best I've ever had.  Sorry.  Fries were super mediocre, but the chili was really good.  Great service, too.
Best wings in the world, enough said. I wish it was open till 2 though. Dont go milder than Med though, because if you do you will end up with a plain wing basically, moist, but no flavor. Remember you can never eat enough wings.
Buffalo wings...in Buffalo... Read the reviews of Duff's. Gotta be authentic in Buffalo, right? 199 reviews can't be wrong... The verdict. Very greasy.....I mean a lot greaser than the normal greasy wings found at your typical wings establishments. Also, I thought the "real" authentic Buffalo Wings recipe did not fry the wings? They fry it at Duffs and have way too much coating on the chicken. They missed it on the sauce was well. The Hot sauce was way too salty and too much vinegar. For a "Hot" sauce, it wasn't that hot at all. We tried different sauces. Instead of becoming hotter, it just got saltier. This place is waaaay overhyped, if your gonna clog your arteries, go to Five Guys instead...
Doesnt get much better than this. First trip was in 1987 while in college. The sauce has the vinegary up your noze sensation...plus the wings are brought forth in the infamous bright orangy hot sauce that I've really only had there. I got mine with the fries and gravy and a pitcher of labatts. Keep it at "hot"...or the ring of fire will really bite the next day!;) This is one of the meccas..and in my rare trips to Western NY I always make the journey here...its that good. Truly a gem of the Buffalo area.
THE best Buffalo wings.  They set the standard by which all other wings are judged.  The Anchor Bar gets all the press for being the first but Duff's is the best.  I always look forward to stopping here when I am back in Buffalo.  I always order them hot - and boy are they!
Even with multiple locations, i was surprised at how crowded this place was!! Everyone seemed to be craving duffs so there was a bit of a wait.  I felt that my chicken wings were just okay.  Tasted like any other wing to me, except that they DRENCH it in sauce; there was basically buffalo soup in the bowl afterwards.  It made for quite a messy and mediocre experience.  Since there was so much sauce, there wasnt much texture left for the chicken because it got soggy so fast.  Maybe next time I would order the sauce on the side or something.  Overall, it was just an okay experience for me.   One thing to note if you are visiting, as you open your mouth to take a bite, please dont inhale/breathe in.  The spices in the sauce are very pungent and will make you cough, no matter your spicy tolerance.
I knew nothing about wings. Then I walked into Duff's. I ordered the triple hot wings.   A guy bet $10 bucks I wouldn't finish them. I was only 18. They came in a wooden bowl. I had to dip my hand past my wrist in sauce to grab a wing. I meowed like a little kitty and the spicy scent was tough to breathe in.  But my appetite grew as I ate. 12 wings later, I was champion, but Duff's was crowned king.
World, take note.  This is what chicken wings should taste like. A bowl of sauce with a couple of wings floating in it.
I went to Buffalo for a college football game this weekend.  While in Buffalo the home of the original chicken wings.  Looking for some great wings.  Well bad news for Duff's.  My wife, son and I visited there and found the worst experience with chicken wings ever.  They were way over cooked and burnt.  After sending that batch back they sent some news out and they were just as bad.  I have had better tasting leather than the wings we were served.  For my money and the best chicken wings in the USA  is Lucky's Grille in Hilliard, Oh.  None better.  Not going back to Buffalo anytime soon so don't have to worry about making that mistake again.  Jeff S.
When in Rome.  So we have to try each Buffalo Wing Place on the map.  The local colleagues recommended this place of the local Anchor bar based on location.  Given the fact that this place is a dive I can only imagine what the other place looked like.  It actually looks a lot nicer from the outside than it is on the inside.  Don't get me wrong, it's the nice kind of divey look.  The decor clearly says; "we are focusing our attentions elsewhere".    Low ceilings, especially over the bar area, small table, inexpensive chairs that have one short leg giving you a wobbly ride.   They advertise that the Medium is hot, Medium hot is very hot, and Hot is Very Very Hot.  The consensus at our table was that: Mild Medium - Plain 'ol chicken Medium - Tangy Medium Hot - Spicy Hot -Will get your attention Suicide - Now that's what you come for. Next time our assortment will be different.  We could only do 2-3 of the suicide wings each.  After a couple of them your mouth is stinging pretty good and when you try to eat the next one the smell prompts you that this may not work out well.   The other sides are just OK.  It's a wing joint so the fries and onion rings are just add-ons and they present and taste as such.  If you have the taste for  spicy go up one notch from what you would normally take on.  If your not so adventurous the medium mild will make you feel like hero.
I had a craving for these wings today and was shocked that I have yet to write a review for this place. I have spent every summer of my life between Buffalo and Fort Erie and almost every other day eat wings. A little overkill I know but it's the one time of the year where I get to partake in the best wings in the world. This year I was lucky enough to go twice because my cousin got married at our summer home. I'm hoping this story will show you how incredible these wings are. About 200 guests arrived at our home that weekend and my Dad and I needed a place to escape. And given we were only up there 2-3 days, we decided on the day of the wedding to go out for an early lunch because when you're this close you can't pass these delicious wings up. My Dad and I filled our bellies up with as many wings and fries as we possibly could and got a call from the bride during our meal to pick up some wings. Knowing that other members of the family would be vultures and eat everything when we got back we ordered roughly 300 wings to-go....to make this long story short, the bride was happy....and half the wedding was missing at certain points of the evening to dine on luxurious Duff's wings. Side Note:: Anchor Bar may be very good as well but they are strictly commercial, if you want that town specialty (hole-in-the-wall) absolute BEST wings in Buffalo, you want to go to Duff's.
Delicious hot wing sauce (Hot) -is spicy and tangy, the large wings are fried and crispy not burnt.   MInimum order is 10, what the hell, what if i can only eat 6....! Gosh ::well at least my celery and baby carrots were fresh::
Great wings!  I was salivating in parking lot on the way in.  They have a very limited menu, but when your wings are this good you don't need a bunch of offerings that people are not gonna order!!  They are big on Franks red hot sauce.  They make wings like I like my women hot, naked, ans saucy.
Overpriced small wings!! and this place is loud and noisy!
Crispy and saucy...just the way I like it.   I can't say if they're the best because half way into any Buffalo wings meal my taste buds are shot to hell.  You can feed me a hot pocket and I wouldn't know the difference. I've been to Anchor Bar and Duff's many times and I do prefer Duff's because of the more casual atmosphere.   Get their fries too...they are addictive!!
My mom and I were in Buffalo for a day on our way up to Niagara Falls. We HAD to get wings while in Buffalo, and my biggest fear was ending up in some tourist trap that charged $15 for 6 or 7 measly, meatless wings. My fellow Yelpers came to the rescue! Duff's wings are the real deal. It acknowledges its fame without feeling like a tourist trap. The lunch special is fantastic: $10 for 10 wings and 2 sides. It was plenty for 2 people. The sides were mediocre, in my opinion. My mom liked the cauliflower soup, but it tasted like a mix to me. The fries were good, though. The wings are the star here. We got the medium sauce, and it was spicy enough to keep my lips tingling to whole time. Delicious! Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. A definite must-try while in Buffalo!
We were really hoping this place was be great for wings...being in Buffalo. The service was fast, but the wings were horrible. The sauce didn't help either. Maybe if you grew up on this stuff and never tried another wing outside of Buffalo, you might like it.
Enough already with the "Duff's is the best! No Anchor Bar is!" debate. If you like chicken wings you'll like Duff's. You might not regard them as the OMG these are the greatest ever shut up no one else's are even close... but if you find yourself not saying that then you're probably a reasonable person. Very good hot wings. If you want ridiculously hot go with the death wings. My friends went temporarily deaf from the heat. Apparently that is a thing that can happen. What it didn't happen to you when you tried them? Cool story bro, this comment is clearly not for you.
As a Britsh-raised, Boston-based lass, I've had Buffalo wings but never BUFFALO WINGSSSS. Duffs has the latter. I am utterly addicted and never leave the place without a tub of the medium hot sauce to go. Amazing, amazing. Plus, they have Yuengling on tap, which is a plus considering its nonexistent in the greater Massachusetts area. Love, love, LOVE this place.
The wings are fine.  Settle down.  They tasted the same to be as Domino's wings in Worcester. The sauce tasted like Franks Red Hot Sauce to me. The problem during my last 2 visits was the TREMENDOUS wait time to be seated.  This place needs a bigger building big time. I recommend take out.  Its 20 minutes from order to food, and you don't have to wait 45+ minutes to be seated.
Best wings in Buffalo, tell them you want them hot and swimming...
Well, I was really excited to try Duffs and I have to say that they were good, but definitely not great. We had 10 mild and 10 BBQ. The mild were the best. I loved the way they were cooked and had I not tried the BBQ then I may have given them better reviews. The BBQ wings were caked with sooo much sauce it was crazy. I always choose "wet" sauced wings, but this was way overboard. Just toss the damn wings in some sauce, you know? I don't want more sauce than wings. But the fries were really good. The chicken fingers on the kids menu were awesome. I probably wouldn't go back to be honest. But don't let my review stop you from trying. If you're into REALLY hot than it looks like this is the place for you. And as I said, the mild were close to great. The service was also good. Our server was nice enough and she made sure we were ok, but for the most part she left us the hell alone. And that's what I like from my servers.
Oh man, my stomach is hurting.   The #3 is the way to go--20 wings, large fries, small pitcher of beer.  Yes, it's meant for sharing, piggies!   Medium is hot and is perfect.  The wings are saucy goodness, especially if you order them crispy.  They don't swim in sauce, but it comes off on your fingers so you get to lick them clean.  I usually take some sauce home on my  face too.
First time in Buffalo.. makes sense to try the Buffalo wings, right?  I was happy with the medium mild ones.  They were pretty decent sized wings, crispy and just the right amount of sauce and heat.  Were they the best wings I ever had?  Probably... but the wings I get at Pluckers in Arlington, TX are a very close second.  At least now I know Pluckers knows what they are doing! ;)
If you like "Wing Soup" Duff's is the place for you. Expect wings to be soaked in sauce (and not in a good way) and mushy french fries. Yuck! There are many, many better places for wings in Buffalo
This place is better than Anchor Bar, in my opinion. I'm a spicy-food wuss but the medium wings dipped in blue cheese taste delicious and are definitely easy to handle! I've been here 5 times throughout college and every time the wings have been plump, moist, and amazing. I see some of the reviews on here have complained about their wings being dry but I've never had this happen to me. Some cons to this location are the tiny parking lot and crowding inside the building. The service is hit-and-miss as well but the food makes it worth it! Definitely stop by here if you're in Buffalo!
If you like Grade A Louisiana style hot sauce wings, xtra crispy with cold beer in a complete dump, you have found heaven at Duff's. Unreal wings, from a self proclaimed connoisseur. The Medium Hot and Hot sauce were both Louisiana style and did not vary from the classic - aged cayenne peppers, vinegar base. The side dishes - cold beer and blue cheese dressing smothered veggies and salad. The beer was perfect, I went local with a Labatt's Blue in a bottle. Perfect accompaniment to the wings. The blue cheese dressing was chunky and thick, like you had to shake it from the cup to get a dime size chunk out, thick. The salad was perfectly midwestern, iceberg lettuce and unripened tomatoes (wings come with some celery and carrots, order extra if you want to balance your wings with fiber...) Drawbacks - The floor is insanely slippery. The linoleum tiles are straight 50's banquet hall. And don't get me wrong, when I say dump, I mean it affectionately. The place was clean, the attention to detail was focused appropriately, on the wings... If you haven't been there, go. If you've been there, nuff said, I'm sure you're going or have been back plenty of times. Cheers.
Much better than Anchor Bar. This is the original Duff's and my favorite place I've found for wings when I'm in Buffalo. Will go back next time I'm up there for sure. Service wasn't bad, place was pretty crowded and loud though. Made up for that with their wings, they were some of the better ones I've had (outside of the wing festival).
What everyone else says: the best wings in Buffalo. Anchor bar invented them, Duff's perfected them. Who cares if it's in the middle of the suburbs- it's worth the drive. This is one of the few places i've ever been to where the words "hot" actually mean something. Order with caution, because they're serious. Those big bowls of fries are integral to making it through a plate of hot saucy wings. They may serve something other than wings, fries and beer, but I wouldn't know anything about those.
Ordered the medium hot here and it still managed to burn quite a bit! I may be weak sauce though because my friend seemed absolutely fine while eating it. We ordered jalapeno poppers, fries with cheese sauce and 20 wings.. it was unhealthy food heaven. I would come out here again if I was in the area, the wings were huge and delicious, service was friendly, and the environment was really chill. If I lived close by I'd probably gain a ton of weight eating here!
Hands down, the best!  We ate 15 medium wings each.  And downed draft Molson's and wine until we couldn't.   I wish we lived closer than 400 miles away.
I last lived in Amherst in the 70s, when I spent a lot of time at Duffs. I was recently back there for a week and . . . it was identical to the 70s in most every way.   You know what you'll get and you get it consistently. - The wings were excellent. Different people in my group tried different spice levels and all appreciated what they received. - I think the massive orders of fries are new since the 70s, which some people liked. - Not sure why Blue Cheese and Celery accompaniments now includes carrots. Some of us liked that others found it sacrilegious. - I sure don't remember waiting in line to get a table in the 70s. Especially in the middle of the afternoon. It's great to see that it is more popular than ever. My curious nephew tried a bit of suicidal sauce. What a moment (actually 15 minutes) of pain. He learned his lesson the hard way. If you'd like a good hotel near Duffs, try the Homewood Suites on Millersport Highway.
For my recent visit to Buffalo I was told to completely bypass Anchor Bar and go straight to Duff's.  I love naked wings - completely loathe breaded wings.  Also, I usually have to order them extra crispy but that wasn't necessary at Duff's.  I am kind of a lightweight when it comes to heat so I stuck to mild and medium.  The flavor on the medium was great, especially when accompanied by their Bleu Cheese dressing.  I could have used a little bit more elbow room, but I was really happy with the wings I had at Duff's and would most certainly go back if I'm ever in the area again.
Thank you Baby Jesus for this delicious food. I had to try Duff's after hearing so much about them when I originally moved to Buffalo. I normally can't eat 'Hot Wings (I get 3rd degree burns on my tongue) but these were fantastic and worth the pain. Get a pitcher & plenty of bleu cheese to cool yourself down!
I LOVE DUFF'S ! That could be my whole review lol. The wings there are so much better than the "other place". Shoestring fries are awesome too. Go there in the summertime. While you are waiting outside, you can do lots of people watching, or car watching for that matter. Don't go without patience. Getting a table takes time. Lots of nice choices on the menu. Love the medium sauce!
Great original Buffalo wings. Came to this place as a UB grad student in the late 1980's, returned on occasion when passing through Buffalo and recently came back with my family on a trip passing through Buffalo. Place remains the same as I remember, down to the furniture. Crowd was less college student and more older adults (Thursday evening) and a few families sprinkled in the crowd. We ordered a bucket of wings (medium light), fries and a pitcher of Soda, and a Chef salad with chicken. Wings were perfect - very crispy, hot, large size and the wing sauce was as I remember it. Blue cheese dressing was thick, chunks of cheese and not watered down. Celery sticks were thick stalks, not little toothpicks. These are the real deal. Family enjoyed them as well and the chef salad was surprisingly good for a place that is famous for its fried food. Tempted to have a fried bologna sandwich, but the wings were too good. If we pass through again, I'll convince them that its time for the real Buffalo wings again!
Great Wings. When you're in Buffalo it's a must.
Knew this place was the real deal when I walked up to the entrance and there was a Lin out the door at 6pm! The wings were crispy, meaty and the buffalo sauce was mouth watering good. I ordered a side of fries which helped break up the spice of the wings. Service was friendly but a bit overwhelmed by the crowd. I didn't see much of my server and had to wait uncomfortably long for the check. She also served me a 20 wing order eve though I ordered a ten piece. I decided not to complain and paid the difference on my bill because the wings were so good.
Despite my brother (who went to college @ UB) being a fan of Anchor Bar, I like this place better. I can't recall which DUFF'S I visited but I'll just leave my review here. I like their wings, they are finger lickin good, I think KFC should relinquish their old slogan and hand it over to DUFF'S. The sauce is perfection, the wings are perfection, what more do you need? (Skip the fries though, bland and just a starchy obstacle to the wings) I packed the leftover wings to go and brought it on the flight back to JFK as a carry-on item. They were still finger lickin good enough for dinner.
Best wings in the town of their namesake... While the Anchor Bar invented them, Duff's perfected them.  They are the best wings you can get - try them here at their original location on Sheridan/Millersport near UB.  SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOD!
Great wings, average price. Very casual atmosphere. Would definitely go back. Check it out!
