I went out for ladies night with two of my girls, which is $8 for 5 drinks. We ordered Loaded Fries and Spinach and Artichoke Dip. Disappointed by both. The Fries were soggy and covered in something, we think was ranch dressing. (EWW!) The Dip tasted like Onion with Spinach and topped with lukewarm cheese. 3 stars for cheap drinks and cute guys.
Good food. Service is the worst. Place is a dive and not the good kind. We waited an hour to get a couple of sandwiches.  Don't bother
I'm not sure how to write a post about this place. So many things run through my mind from the cleanliness to the food. I guess I'll start with service. I've never stood at a bar so long waiting to be served on IN MY LIFE... even downtown where the bar gets 5 people deep! Its the place where they serve the regulars first and then when they get a chance to serve you they do. The food is eh... be there had that. The reason I enjoy Caputi's is for the dart boards and the pool tables. I'll go there with my friends and spend hours playing darts and shooting some pool.
Decent place to go for a game ever since they redid their bar room (large tv's, etc). Pretty average wings but the rest of the fare is quite good. Tuesdays are ladies night so for single guys it's a great experience. If you haven't been there before try it out.
A dive bar with none of the fun things that go along with the fun part of hanging out in a dive bar. The food is greasy and nasty, the place is dirty and unclean it's a wonder the health department has not shot this place down.
I have gone here for dinner a few times and found that the service was pretty good. I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for service. And the staff have all been friendly.  The food is good "bar food", and the drink prices are enough to bring you in for Happy Hour.  This is NOT a big, fancy eating establishment. It's your common, neighborhood pub with a comfortable, laid back feeling to it.  A great place to just come in to relax and have a few cocktails with a couple of friends..  If that's what your looking for, give it a try, you might be pleasantly surprised.
More than 3 stars would be far too generous for this place. It is a good choice if you're looking to catch a game or go somewhere that has pool and darts but that's it. I'm sorry but this bar is disgusting and needs a serious cleaning. I'm all for the local dive but c'mon -  it doesn't take much to pick up a mop or wipe a few tables off. They own most of the space in this plaza and the bar actually has 2 bars (the one in the rear opens late for larger crowds). The crowd is usually younger and you'll find many "regulars" in association with friends/owners or sponsored recreational groups. It's a shame because if they kept the place clean it wouldn't be all that bad. The staff is generally friendly and the drink specials certainly rally a good crowd on any given night.
Caputi's is a local dive bar that could use some serious cleaning up. I was afraid to set my drink or purse down anywhere for fear of catching whatever disease might be lingering in the unwashed tables and chairs.  I heard they serve food, but definitely would never order any. After seeing how they keep the bar area where everyone can see, I can only imagine what the kitchen must look like...ewe. I was in town visiting for Thanksgiving, and I went here with a bunch of college friends, on one of the girl's suggestions.  Tuesday is ladies night, so drinks are really cheap. The front part of the restaurant more of a sports bar, with pool tables and TV's. There are a lot of tables around the bar where you can sit and hang out with friends. There is a back room that turns into a "club" at night complete with a DJ and club lighting. It was a Tuesday night, so it was really interesting to me that they were trying to pull the whole "club" scene off. We walked back there to check it out, there were about ten people standing back there, hanging around the bar. I left around 11:30, so who knows maybe the place actually picks up later in the night. I would imagine that people would have to get up for work the next day, but the crowd did seem younger, so maybe there were college students out and about. The DJ was good, playing a mix of top 40s and 90s club bangers. Basically, this place can be summed up as a dirty dive bar with cheap drinks and good music. Looks like a popular local watering hole, I'm sure about half the people in there were regulars.
