I've had a membership to Massage Envy for years, back when I lived in Missouri. I cancelled it when I moved to Buffalo because Massage Envy wasn't here then, but immediately scheduled an appointment when they franchised in WNY. I have to say I renewed my membership all because of my masseuse, Candy. She's amazing! I'm a deep pressure/deep tissue kind of girl, and she puts me through the meat grinder. I hurt the next day where she works me over, but I'm headache free and feel good for the 2 weeks following it. Plus she and I have great conversations, we see eye to eye on a lot of topics, so it's nice to talk to her about current events, philosophy, etc. Totally, totally worth it. I've been going to her for years and will continue doing so, she's my girl! That we get along so well is completely matter of opinion, so I'm happy we clicked and she's such an excellent deep pressure masseuse! The location is easy(ish) to get to and the interior is alright. The front desk staff seem to rotate a lot, but they're often pleasant to me. My husband keeps losing the masseuses he likes, so he gets frustrated with that, but when he does come across another masseuse that's good, the massages are such stress relievers he keeps going back. Plus his membership is discounted since I have one, so it's a better value on his end. For an affordable and recurring massage, I love this place, but let's be honest: I'm so dedicated to it because of Candy!
So I've been on crutches for the past month or so and it was really doing a number on my shoulders/back/arms. I got a note from my doctor okaying a massage, and scheduled an appointment at Massage Envy for a Monday after work. Three hours before the appointment I get a call that the therapist has called in sick and they need to reschedule me. To her credit, the girl who called was friendly and tried to be helpful (she even called to their other locations to try to get me in). Unfortunately, the next earliest appointment wasn't for a full week. It's crazy that they have no plan in the event a therapist doesn't show. Ultimately this place just really isn't worth the hassle of having to book appointments way in advance only to risk last-minute cancellations.
I'm currently a member, which I regret. This place is over priced and has a horrible cancellation policy. The desk staff are very pushy and obviously fake. The therapist of course are good but I had better and regret getting a membership
The massages are excellent but I am with some other reviewer on the pushiness of employees to sell service. I felt like I was at a car dealership. They were nice but the pitch is up there. It kind of takes away from the moment.
I'm giving 3 stars solely due to the absolutely annoying & pushy people at front desk. Carly, the massage therapist that I saw today, did a great job. She deserves 4.5 stars. And I would've made the decision to come back to her again, if it weren't for the absurd push to become a member after the massage. I read a couple reviews about this, at massage envy, so I geared myself up for it. But, when I agreed to become a member, I had to be sure that I'd be able to cancel at any time! The girl who was givin me the pitch, failed to mention that I'd be signing a 12 month contract! That's a BIG detail to not mention! So after asking & then receiving that fact- I declined. It was like the end of the world & you could hear a pin drop! Then, no "Have a nice day!"  Nothing! And through all that, I forgot to tip Carly! I turned the car around once I realized I never tipped her- and upon re-entry, I was once again questioned about the membership! FRIGGIN ANNOYING! And it totally took away all the relaxation I just was enjoying from the massage! They really lost me after that. That sucks, because I liked Carly! They should do something about all this- they are a total turn-off!! They ARE corporate & it definitely SHOWS!
I am giving this 5 stars based only on my massages with Maria SanGeorge. She is a great massage therapist. I have been getting massages for years and she is the best. I go every other week for a 1 massage. Because of my job, I really need it. So b/c I go so often the membership is a great deal for me. I do however hate the fact that it is a chain and the people at the desk are so pushy to up sell services, etc. so whenever I refer anyone there I just warn them about that. And another positive note, they have great hours and it is very clean.
I followed my massage therapist to this location. I do understand that ME is a franchise, & that front desk staff is required to try to sell the membership package to all "guests"  With that being said,  i am content with the surroundings & probably would not come here if my therapist left. They also offer facials with Murad products, which are, of course, available for sale (the estheticians receive commission on the products that are purchased).
