If you're from out of town and looking for the organic, vegetarian experience, this is the place! Jeff and the crew are phenomenal. The Southwest Wrap, Havana Shakedown and Roller Girl are highly recommended.
I love the hipster feel of this basement coffeehouse. Eclectic artwork and furnishings. This is a great place for both vegetarians and vegans. Many of the coffee drinks are made with soy or coconut milk. Although the menu is limited, there are still more veggie friendly options than most coffeehouses. My only major complaint is that they tend to run out of some menu items a little later in the day. Since I tend to eat lunch after 1 or 2, they are sometimes out of my personal favorite: the BBQ Tofu Rodeo Burger.
When I was in town for the weekend, my mom asked me if I would like to go to Labyrinth for a belated birthday lunch. As a vegetarian, she does not have a lot of options in town. We stopped by on Saturday at 1pm. Only some people having coffee when we got there.  We both got iced lattes and sandwiches. Mozzarella stack for me and Veggie Burger for her.  Came to just under $20. We went to sit down at once of the booths after walking through to the 2nd room. We get the 'shabby chic' look, but my mom instantly commented on the dust everywhere and construction debris up on the stage area. Some of the chairs were too far towards trash than shabby.  A customer later on had to go ask for a rag to wipe off the table they were sitting at next to us.  Not a good first impression. We had our drinks called and they were pretty good.  Way too much ice in them (over 2/3rds of cup) for the price in my opinion though.  My mom and I were chatting and enjoying ourselves and then we both realized our food should have been out by now, our drinks were long gone. I looked at my phone it was over 25 minutes since we had sat down after we ordered! We wait another minute and my mom saw one of the workers peek around the corner to see if we were there, but nothing else. My mom got up and went to the front and asked nicely what was happening with our food.  She was told "Uh, there was a mix-up and it will be out in just a minute"  Umm, ok. We were the only people even eating there, I think there were more workers than actual people in the shop at that point. We waited another 5 minutes and finally our food was called (could have brought it out to us at that point). I went up and the guy who took our order was making a coffee drink, didn't even look up at me and mumbled "sorry about that" as I grabbed the plates. Thankfully, the food was good and we both enjoyed our sandwiches, but the poor service left a sour taste in my mouth. If they would have come out when they realized their mistake and let us know, it would have been fine; we were enjoying talking and are pretty understanding. I've worked in restaurants in Jamestown before and know things can happen.  But instead, they avoided it and we probably would have had no explanation beyond the measly one we did get. Even if they would have offered us glasses of water since we had now nothing to drink. Business is hard enough to have in Jamestown without these hiccups, but it isn't hard to try to make the situation right.
Excellent food! Great place to enjoy a vegetarian or vegan lunch. Homemade veggie burger and hearty vegan chili with just a little kick of spice. Crowd pleasing to herbivores and carnivores alike.
The Labyrinth is my favorite place in town to grab a great cup of coffee or one of their legendary smoothies. It has a great laid back atmosphere that you cant really find at any other place in town. The employees are always the coolest. The coffee is always fresh and you can't go wrong with anything on their lunch menu. Occasionally they have open mic comedy nights or a few cool local bands playing. But all in all it's a great place to hang out to talk with friends or to stop by after school with a cup of coffee to do some homework.
Having lived in San Fran for so many years I was afraid that Jamestown wouldn't have anything interesting to offer.  I am happy to say that this place has allayed those fears.  I really like the food I've sampled and the cool vibe.
Love it, great menu with lots of options and the mozzarella hummus stack is AHmazing!!!! great atmosphere and music too
very cozy place. it very much felt like a coffee shop you would find in a larger city or college town in that the workers had a respect for vegan food and well-brewed coffee. Would have loved to have been in town long enough to had seen a show there.
