Beautiful location in the country! Fall seems like th e ideal time to go. The leaves were just starting to turn when we went today and the park was so pretty. The trails are well taken care of with the grass cut low and no weeds. The sculptures are fun and different. Our two favorites were a castle sculpture that you climbed and had a beautiful view and a rock sandbox. Some are interactive and fun to climb on. Wouldn't recommend wearing flip flops we regretted that. Great place for pictures. The more difficult trails arent all clearly marked. overall a great place to go as a couple or with a group of people!
Recently spent a weekend in Ellicottville, NY and was excited to visit Griffis Park. This is a  s p r a w l i n g  property that is not in just one area.  Pay attention at the welcome area so that you don't miss any major installations. The first section we visited was the hiking path up the mountainside.  There is a limited amount of signage and there are pieces of art everywhere, you really need to remain vigilant.  The hillside is somewhat steep but certainly manageable. There is art in the woods, near the path, in open fields around ponds and in the trees. Mediums includes aluminum, steel, iron, wood, rubber and cement.  Subjects are mainly women, some men, animals, birds, architectural designs and insects. Wear comfy shoes, take your camera and don't forget bug spray. We meandered, hiked, strolled, pondered and speculated for about 4 hours.  It was a great day, for sure and completely at our leisure - no guides...  just an information center and donation box!
This place is pretty cool, but if you have been to other sculpture parks like Storm King, you may get very disappointed like I did. This place is more like a hillside with some open areas and standing water with small/medium/a few large installations. Most sculptures, unfortunately, do not go 100% well with the setting. We found some empty beer cans littered under a large sculpture. Don't expect too much and spend an hour or so there in comfortable footwear.
I thought this place was cool, although my girlfriend thought it was a bit creepy. Imagine open fields with rusted steel sculptures, everything from weird looking futuristic people to giraffes, snakes, huge looking spiders and everything in between. It was mostly creepy because there was almost no one here and you're walking through the woods among these objects, but I think it's a really cool spot. Grab some drinks, some friends and venture out here for some hikes. Bring some insect repellant since there are rampant amount of bugs and the trails go through some heavy tree areas and are not well made. Also, it's only 15miles from Ellicotville, so you can make a nice little day trip out of coming here and then getting some nice food on a patio over there or just walking around among the cool shops. Gotta say that it's hard to find the "main entrance" to this park though and we were in this big open field with a lot of sculptures, but we weren't quite sure whether this was the main entrance or not. Good luck if you venture out here!
A very cool place with sculpture all over. Some of the art work you can climb on/into. Most of the work is by Griffis, but there are lots of collaboration pieces as well. So the main area was cool, but I have to say that the Rohr Hill site that is down the road is breathtaking. I felt like the main park location was a lot of art  (apart from the bathers and the castle) that didn't necessarily work with the landscape. At the Rohr hill site, you can tell the artist really looked at the landscape and tried to strategically place each peice. Generally speaking, the art at Rohr hill was more appealing to me, but again maybe it just had to do with the placement.
Came here a few years ago with some friends. We were looking for adventure and had never been here. This place is totally cool. Wear good hiking/walking shoes, take a stroll through the woods, and then get some cool pictures of you and your friends on the metal sculptures. Definitely worth the drive to explore!
Last weekend was the first time that I've been to sculpture park in over 10 years and it looks pretty much the same.  Some of the trails have been moved around so you're not walking through the property owner's yard, the lower pond is a little muckier than I remember and the ducks are gone and some of the sculptures have fallen over.  Its funny how much smaller it seems now than it did when I was a kid.  I wore my GPS and from the parking lot to the top of the blue trail and back it was less than 2 miles. It's still a great place.  You can climb all over the sculptures and there are plenty of opportunities to take pictures of yourselves doing obscene things to them.  Our family photo album is full of 30 years of crotch and booby grabs...It's pretty much a requirement.  I still like Larry Griffis' original metal sculptures the best.  There's something creepy and exciting about coming up on Amazon women and giant metal bugs in the woods when you're not expecting it.  The newer pastel and wood sculptures just don't have the same effect. It's definitely off the beaten path...something fun to do if you're in E'ville outside of ski season (or you're a local who just wants to get away from all the tourists during summer festivals).  Stop by Hog Shed Pottery for some beautiful pottery (I LOVE my coffee mugs!) or Brookside Studio for a watercolor and stop by John Boys for some grub while you're out that way.
Worth the drive!  One of the most unique day trip destination from the Buffalo area. This place is surreal and enchanting to me.  You can touch, feel and climb on all those gigantic whimsical sculptures in the meadows and the woods.  It's a pretty amazing experience.   I like the sculpture area on Rohr Hill Rd more than the main park location on Mill Valley. Most of the art works by Larry Griffins Jr are located along Rohr Hill Rd.  The art pieces by other artists in the main park are thematically less cohesive in general....  some of them are very weird....   Overall, it's a perfect place for a day trip/picnic/hike, especially during the beautiful Fall season.
