This is a small, professional independent theater that really wows you.  There isn't a bad seat in the house and even the balcony level has very close views of the stage.  It's a great throwback to by-gone days with the velour seating and the side stage balcony seating.  Although after the first act,  the people that were sitting in the side balconies (on both sides) opted to move to open seating closer to center viewing.  So I guess the seats don't command a great view of anything going on in the center of the stage....like the actor's facial expressions.   Saw most of the "The Mystery of Edwin Drood" (I couldn't bear the thought of sitting through another 1.5 hour Act after intermission).   The play itself was very long. But I would definitely come back to see another play or musical here.
Really nice, intimate theater.  Saw "Miracle on South Division Street".  The ushers were friendly, sound was great, and the show itself was excellent!  We had great seats, 5 rows from the stage - although I don't think there is a "bad" seat in the place.  Balcony seating available, but hear the seats are a little cramped.   Would definitely attend a future show here!
This theatre is so easy to get to, from off the 190 , with very convenient parking, right outside the doors, and a few quick steps up, off the street, I entered the building and took in the smell and look of the beautiful woodwork of the hallway, and headed to the will call window.  The line there moved quickly and then I stepped back into time to the rich creams and reds and gold roccoco of the Theatre. In the center of the stage was a big beautiful red velvet couch and I am not going to tell you more about the stage set up as you simply must try to catch Crazy Mary, while it is still available to do so.  I did like how they crafted glass doors and stained glass in the back of the stage with a few pretty chandeliers throughout the building.  As you sit and look around you realize they just don't build anything like that anymore.   On this night, people of all ages were here, from students to seniors.  The staff quietly and efficiently seating people in order to get started on time. My recommendations would be if you see something coming up that you want to attend, call in your order as soon as you can to insure that you can attend the show you wish to.  I imagine they fill up and sell out quite frequently because of the size that only adds to it's charm. The accoustics are very good and due to the intimate set up no one on stage has to shout to be heard and everyone who attends has a good seat. I would come here over that other bigger place in Buffalo any day.   Did I mention the parking was free?
This place is phenomenal! I was fortunate enough to get a seat on opening night for "The Mystery of Edwin Drood," the musical that fires off the start of their 2012-2013 season. This Theater gets a 5/5 for everything: from interior, to acting, to stage and set design. They had a minor problem getting everyone's Will Call tickets with the new computer, but they solved it pretty quickly and it only ended up delaying the start 15-20m. Not bad for a full house on opening night when a 1001 other things could go wrong. The play was amazing and I highly suggest you go see it. This Theater is on D'Youville college's campus, yet it's an independent Theater. It doesn't look remarkable from the outside, but the inside of the Theater is impressive with distinct architecture, yet the setting remains intimate (and makes for great acoustics). Although the Theater does have its own free parking lot, it WILL be full if you're going to a sold out show unless you get to the Theater fairly early. In those cases, you can park on the street (for free) and just walk down to the venue. If you truly want a great Buffalo Theater experience, I highly recommend checking out one of these smaller community Theaters as opposed to Shea's, where you WILL find great plays, but usually national tours. Here you will actually get to see what the Theater scene is like and be among the best Buffalo actors entertaining you. I was impressed with the versatility and training among some of the cast which showed itself off from how they were able to perform certain numbers in mega speed, showing ultimate mastery of diction and projection. On top of that, staying completely in character. Acting is hard, but they make it seem so easy. Great place for: a) relaxing evening with friends b) date c) solitary enjoyment of a play
