*I have never gotten my hair done, so this review is just on the spa portion and facilities* I have received nail services, massages, facials and waxing. This is by far the best spa in the Rochester area. Located right in Pittsford village- it is tranquil, relaxing and has superior facilities in terms of relaxation rooms (large plus chairs) the changing area has showers, sauna, huge sinks with all varieties of complementary toiletries, flavored waters and teas.   The rooms you do not hear what is going on outside, and are extremely well decorated- very relaxing.  I have yet to get a bad experience there.  Even the front waiting area is relaxing. Yes, it is a bit expensive, but nothing unlike any other high-end spa. Even after moving to DC, I wish the spas here were this price :) The only negative I have about this spa- is they do hold your credit card number on file (presumingly for cancellations) once you have been there- even after asking to remove it, it still stayed. If that makes you uncomfortable, make sure you request that.
*Hair services review only* I think this is one of those places where people mistake expensive to mean high quality. I'd definitely give them 5 stars for their customer service. I booked my appointment with ease, had no trouble parking, and was warmly greeted by professional and friendly staff. Complimentary coat check and beverages while you wait. ...But I didn't choose this place for a free water bottle. I was long overdue for a bang trim and wanted a simple side-sweep touch up. I showed the girl a picture of my hair with my desired bangs (from my last haircut in NY) hoping that would give her a clear idea of how I wanted them to look. It started off badly when she started trimming away without wetting my hair first. I was so confused that by the time I realized she was never going to spritz my hair, she was half way done. So she ended up just cutting them dry... And the result was far from what I'd hoped for. Would not return (for a hair appointment).
The best pedicure in the area -Annette Main is recommended. Spa services excel above the rest. When you go block out a lot of time, relax and you must, must take a shower - the shower in the spa is fabulous!
I've been to several place in Rochester for a massage, and this by far was the best. The feel right from the moment you walked in was simple elegance. The locker rooms were exquisite, desert water and a very comfortable shower with multiple heads. The hallways were quiet and during the massage, the music create a sense of tranquility. Massage therapist was great, made me feel like I was really entitled and that I should enjoy it. Make this place your number one choice when you are looking for a massage (its worth the little extra price tag).
Nice atmosphere, but rather pricey.  The massage I had with Karen hurt me, but the facial with Marliana was very nice.  Sherie had a bit of an attitude when flat ironing my hair and she didn't do a very good job (my hair was still wet when I got home).  On the other hand, Naomi did a great job flat ironing my hair!  She was friendly and carefully checked to make sure my hair was dry and straight before I left the salon.  I think it really depends who you see for what at this spa.  They have a great selection of products at the same price as online, and they take any product back that doesn't work for you.
okay, So I booked a couples massage for my husband and I... just needed to relax and destress. The girls at check in were super nice and helpful, they walked us back to the locker rooms (seperate for men and women) nice locker rooms, a little tight by the changing area, but the showers were sick and the dry sauna was awesome. So changed into a nice robe and slippers, went into the waiting room, sipped some green tea and then was taken to the couples massage room. Both my husband and I loved the massage, I got a deep tissue and he did a renewal, after the massages we hydrated with lemon water, enjoyed the shower and sauna then headed out. the whole experience was painless and for $210 for a couples massage it cant be beat!
This is, by far, the most fantastic spa I have ever been to. The staff was friendly and professional, the spa itself was beautiful and very clean, and the massage was perfect. I felt really relaxed and refreshed when I was done!
Very very nice spa.  I had a wonderful spa pedicure which I thought was a bargain for all they did.   My husband had a massage which he said was very good as well.   Staff is courteous.  Surroundings were restful.
I have been to many salons on the east side of Rochester, specifically Brighton and PIttsford.  I have made the Del Monte Spa my "destination place" for facials, waxing and pedicures.  They are open seven days a week which is wonderful, who doesn't want to have that kind of option?  If your particular operator is unavailable there is always someone else that is very good available.  My favorite people there are Jenny for facials and waxing...she gives a relaxing and wonderful facial and take the time to understand what your concerns are.   Another fantastic person is Doran who gives pedicures and manicures.  She is consistantly excellant and a wonderful conversationist if you feel like talking.  The people working the front desk are thoughtful and very accomodating.  Last week was my birthday and they had a complimentary smoothie all ready for me.  The surroundings are serene and impeccable.   Janice
I have been to many high end spas, in and out of the country, and this was one of the best massages I have ever had...hands down! I cannot believe how many bad reviews are out there. Del Monte is gorgeous and the staff was wonderful. I had Jackie for an aromatherapy massage and she was amazing!!! Maybe I just got lucky with her... who knows... but I will go back specifically to see her again. I have struggled with neck and back pain for a year now and she worked miracles on me. The sanctuary is gorgeous, warm, and inviting. The showers are incredible!!! I was truly considering canceling my appointment solely based on all of the negative reviews. SOOOOOO glad I didn't!!! All I can think is that maybe the negative reviews are out there purely to promote other facilities in the area... I typically do not write reviews but Del Monte deserves a glowing review in my opinion! Yes, they are pricey, but worth every penny and right in line with every other massage I have had at high end spas.
