Quality service, superior products, extremely knowledgeable staff is what you can expect from this spa. Continual training and education is given to team members from a fantastic owner who truly cares about the business she runs and the service she provides. No need to worry who's the best because they're all equally great no matter what they are doing or who they service. Excellent service specials are highlighted in their spa newsletter. Take advantage of the savings they give you with the facial of the month or massage of the month. Well worth booking an appointment, you won't be disappointed. Expect the quality you deserve from this location.
Another Yelper told me to go to Valissa for my brows. As others have mentioned, she's AWESOME. I've been to her a few times now and even got a facial today. Not only is she knowledgeable, friendly, has later appointment hours and- effervescent skin. Because... let's face it, who wants to go to pizza face. ..... too soon? Any way- they use Dermalogica as their skin care line, which I'm into. They also don't try to upsell you too much but will give you samples. Customer service here is pretty fab. They always offer you a drink and make sure you a comfortable. I think Valissa is amazing for brows ($17) but the spa is a little spendy. They are always doing promotions and have student/teacher discounts on Tuesdays (20% off).
Valissa is my new go-to esthetician for brow waxing. I'm really neurotic about my brow shaping and Valissa always does an amazing job of shaping the brows not only so they look natural, but so they look evened out on both sides (it's amazing sometimes how many waxers won't know how to do this and shape each brow independently). A little while back I had a bad experience at another salon where the corner of one of my arched brows was kept intact and the other was lopped off to look rounded. I came to AE, explained it to Valissa and she immediately saw the problem and worked to get them back to normal. Parking is a breeze and the salon, while the outside has a strangely cartoonish font on the building, has a beautiful interior. Also, they have online booking which I love, and a rewards system where you can use points from the services you book to redeem for future visits. I don't trust my waxing to many salons, but I definitely trust AE Spa with my brows. Definitely one of the best places in Rochester to go to get a great brow shape without going to a specialty brow salon.
The atmosphere at AE Spa is awesome.  They play calming music and have a cute little calming water fountain in the waiting area.  They do feature a lot of products in the check in area, but no one ever pressured me to buy anything.  It's fun to browse during your (short) wait for your aesthetician.  You can earn points for each service you get that you can redeem for future services.  I earned many a free brow wax :)  They also have college night on Tuesdays where you get 20% off if you show your college ID. I give them a 4 star review because they just lost one of their waxers (and my choice waxer) as she pursued a new venture for her life.  However, the fact that they hired her means they only hire the best.  The space is clean and calming and I enjoyed going there while I did.
I have been going to ae spa for brow waxes and massages for 2 years now, and I highly recommend them. They really take the time to shape and trim your brows. I've been to a few different technicians there and everyone is extremely skilled. I've never left complaining or having to fix any errors. The outside does look like a '70s strip mall, but the atmosphere inside is very relaxing and comfortable.
