I went with my mom, Hazel, who had her first massage. My mom loved her deep tissue! Jamie did my deep tissue and it was amazing! She left me feeling relaxed and her movements helped the tension in my body tremendously. I highly recommend! Very reasonably prices! My mom and I will return again! Thank you.
Great massage with brittney! So glad that they were able to fit me in the same day I called!
This business is fabulous. I got hooked on this place after I decided to splurge on a Groupon. I was thoroughly impressed by all staff members at this spa. I have been here 2-3 times for a few different treatments, and love the ambience, treatments and professionalism. A few days ago I called and left a message, and the owner, Jamie, returned my call very promptly. Jamie is one of the massage therapists that uses hot rocks to warm the muscles before massaging. The room is perfectly relaxing, she works the areas of your body that have knots, with various amounts of comfortable pressure. Her sunshine-y personality and hospitality really show. I have gotten two facials by Debbie,one of the wonderful estheticians, and she does a great job as well. Debbie assesses your skin type, and performs different techniques to restore it to fabulous health, including steaming, enzyme masks, dermabrasion, etc. While the masks are unclogging your pores, she also is a talented masseuse, working knots out of your shoulders and neck. I highly recommend this spa.
July 2010 - excellent deep tissue massage by Ashlee, very relaxing & professional. Appointment was booked same day, reasonably priced for a full hour!
Visiting from San Francisco and needing as massage to work out the travel aches and family drama stress.  I like deep tissue massage, but really appreciate when the therapist has a sound understanding of the human body and knows where to go deep and where not too.  I have one simple piece of advice for you:  Ask for Springe.  She is amazing.  The true test of a good massage is not how you feel on the table (which was awesome, btw), but how you feel later that day, the next day and the day after that.  By those standards, Springe is on par with the very best....I have had my fair share of good massages.
