We eat here a lot because of its convenient location. After seeing Coyote Loco and Olivia's cycle through, it looked like this was destined to become a bank, so we were delighted when a restaurant opened up instead. We were here the first week, and have eaten here at least once a month since then. At first the food was good (except for the extremely undercooked creme brulee for desert which they apologized for), but the service was completely off and they were insisting they were "tapas style" and so could justify bringing things in any order (burger before tortilla soup appetizer, etc). That has been mostly worked out and the largest problem here now is avoiding the crowds as it simply isn't good enough to wait for a table. My favorites are the Rita or Just the Tip flatbreads and the Lone Ranger tacos (although those vary in quality and can be very dried out). The best meal I've had here was sitting at the pizza counter, with the cook offering free samples of his favorites. Some nice cocktails. Very good salsa. Inconsistent food.
Great atmosphere, great food made with fresh ingredients. I've had the black bean burger, "deluxe" sandwich, stuffed poblano pepper, and some sort of egg flatbread for brunch. All were very tasty ..  Agava is my new go-to!
Food's pretty good. Service is REALLY SLOW. If you go for dinner, even on a slow night, plan on it taking about 2 hours.
Mid-day Saturday meal.  Surprised that they had a brunch only menu on a Saturday afternoon, but it turned out to be a pleasant surprise, as the food and service were both exceptional.  Unfortunately, restaurant was very, very cold inside, but, we left the coats on and dug in.  Shrimp and grits were on par with the best that I've had in Louisiana - smoky, spicy, warming, delicate melding of wonderful flavors.  Learned from the server that the chef had LA training - it shows with great food.  My wife had the flat bread with bleu cheese and chicken.  She didn't care for it, but I thought it was very pleasant.  She was happy to split the S&G with me and she loved it, too ..... Menu was interesting and the preparation was very well done.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend or revisit.  Hope that you enjoy it as well!
Went here on Saturday and loved it! I had the Lone Ranger (steak) taco and the beau had the Agava Burger.  We absolutely loved the food.  The server comes over with a serving of chips and salsa and your menus so that you can munch while you decide what to have for dinner.  Prior to eating, the server warned us that the salsa had just been made that day so it was spicy.  I spoke up and pointed out that it would definitely be way too hot for me so he brought out a second salsa that I could enjoy.  The chips could have used a tiny bit more salt but the salsa was delicious.  The beau who loves spicy had a couple bites of the spicy salsa then steared clear of it.  Too much kick for him but he was very happy to munch away on the less spicy salsa while waiting for our food.  Sidenote: The serving size we got was just enough for two people.  Be forwarned though: its not an endless bowl.  While the second set of salsa was gratis because I wouldn't have touched the super spicy one (hence the servers initial warning), had we wanted any more than our first serving there would have been an additional (but fair) charge.   Onto the main courses!  For the steak taco, the ratio of meat to toppings was perfect and the proportions were perfectly meal sized-not so much that you need a doggie bag but not so little that you were left hungry.  For the burger, well, I think I'll be getting the side of fries every time I come in.  They are more like the 'frites' you get at the fancy French restaurants and were served with a homemade ketchup.  OMG am I in love with those fries.  And I'm hoping that they eventually sell the ketchup.  Or I will need to learn how to make it like they do because it was amazing.  The beau made sure to eat them up quickly because I was starting to make a pretty decent dent in them...  And then there was the burger.  Mmm mmm good.  The beau rates it as the best burger in town at the moment (that used to be Jack's but then they changed the recipe-or at least that is what it seems like.  Something changed there and he did not appreciate it). Needless to say, we'll be back to try more of the menu.  I'm defintely looking forward to my next trip up to Ithaca! ps. Service was just attentive enough.  Our waiter was extremely friendly but just didn't stop by as often as it might happen at another restaurant.  He was there at all the right times so that is what counts, right?
Best guacamole ever! Service was fine tho the place was mobbed. Excellent fusion shortribs dish.The house salsa is very hot!!! -- please, guys, make one for the rest of us, OK? Mixta Salad gets a mixta reveiw from me: the greens were not particularly interesting; the dressing was not oily, for which I was grateful as that is a common mistake, but it was blah, boring, nothing to it, and using queso cheese, although authentic, added to the overall why-bother quality of the thing. (Note to chef: go visit Magnolia in Rochester, and order salad; you will become inspired.)
One of the top casual restaurants in Ithaca.  Excellent food, great beer selection, generous portions.  Terrific burger, good fish, tasty sugar snaps.  Our server was a little space-y, but decent.
Thought it was awesome, but I'm still a fan of Viva.  Agava is not just Mexican though. Great atmosphere and cool seating arrangements.  And I really liked that they offered a variety of dishes, like hamburgers, pizzas, and salads.
Agava is easily my favorite restaurant in Ithaca. Pros: 1. Festive decor. Brick oven out in the open, adding to the active and bright atmosphere. 2. Friendly waitstaff who know their stuff. 3. Deliciously warm and unique flatbreads. 4. Reasonably priced food that looks great and is great for sharing. Cons: 1. Kind of out of the way, for students. 2. Can get very loud. I went to Agava for a late dinner on Friday night and it was very difficult to hear what she was saying once the live music started. My friend and I ordered the oyster appetizer. It came to our table piping hot with cheese and herbs sprinkled on top. I'd highly recommend this appetizer. The filet mignon was delicious. Cooked to a perfect medium rare and complimented by mushrooms, sautéed green beans, and mashed potatoes.
We came to Ithaca for a weekend and made a reservation at Agava for a party of 8 for Saturday night at 9 pm. We were punctual. The table needed to be cleaned so we sat down at 9:10 - 9:15pm. Our reservations were taken by 9:30. Our waiter , btw, appeared "high" in the opinion of several of us. At 10 pm I started attempting catching his attention to inquire about our order. I can not tell if he pretended not to notice me or really did not. I was a busy night in the restaurant. After few minutes of trying I stood up walked to him and grabbed his arm to catch his attention. He said he will check. A minute later the manager came apologizing. She did not admit it, but it is clear that our order was lost and only upon my complaining located. She promised prompt service and in fairness from this point on the service was fast. She came several more times to check on us, offered appetizers and deserts on the house. The food , btw, was ok but not great. Three out of five stars. We just finished eating and add waiting for the deserts. The time is 10:41 pm. By the time we finish, it will Be two hours after we arrived ( on time).
Met old college friends here for dinner.  I loved it!  We had a drink on the back porch - it was a lovely evening for Ithaca.  And my drink, by the way, was perfectly made.  Our table was ready shortly after that and we had a great meal.  Our waiter was knowledgable and available, but left us alone to catch up after MANY years. We ordered a few appetizers - the toquitas were delicious, as were the fried Brussels sprouts.  I had the salmon and it was cooked to perfection and delicious.  My husband had the hanger steak and enjoyed his, as well.   The menu is varied and plentiful - lots to choose from.  I will definitely be back to try the fish tacos or the flat breads or...
Agava is a pretty mixed bag. I've had really fantastic dishes, but I've also had some real duds. I've had a really great roasted cauliflower with pine nuts, but another night, the cauliflower came with blue cheese and came soaking in oil. Corned beef hash at brunch was only so-so and barely had any meat on it. They also have a nasty habit of removing the things I actually like from the menu. Pricing also varies widely too from good value to woefully overpriced. If I had to recommend one thing, I think "The Deluxe" sandwich is pretty good and makes a hearty meal.
This is by far one of our favorite restaurants in town! We eat at Agava 2 to 5 times a week and they have one of the best brunch menus in town. I think one of the things that always keeps us coming back is the consistency of the food and the amazing service! They also make the best burger that Ive had in the area.
A bit over-hyped. Execution lacking on some dishes, undermining Agava's value proposition. I understand the 5 star reviews; some of the dishes are very well done. My server recommended the burger. It was a mistake. It was cooked well but a bit under seasoned and lacking in condiments. There just wasn't much too it. Flat breads are solid. Drinks done right. Salads have all been winners. The Tuna Tostada was a disappointment. Maybe I just got some less-fresh Tuna. The tostada shell was stale, which can't be forgiven at a place that fries chips for every table. Nothing was bad but the varying quality of dishes makes those receiving them envious of others - trust me. 75% of the dishes have been in the 4+ star range.
Stopped here as we were passing through Ithaca and were not disappointed! Everything we had was very tasty - great flavor combinations and fresh take on dishes. Food was fresh and every course was thoughtfully crafted. Servers were knowledgable and friendly. Lots of gluten free options! (Flatbreads were great!). The scallop special with black mole was excellent, and duck entree special and classic chicken 7 was cooked simply and to perfection!
When my husband and I were out here looking for apartments, we were initially disappointed in the lack of non-chain and fast-food restaurants. (Those types of places are okay, but mostly when we can't think of much else, or, in the case of Chipotle, it's time for lunch on Sunday.) Ithaca is generally smaller than where we were moving from, and it would be pretty difficult to fit in all of the choices we had back there. We found Agava online, which renewed my hope for what would become our new home. Really love the black bean burger, and my husband generally likes what he's gotten, though he disagrees that a flatbread is enough food for one person. (The guy's got two hollow legs, I swear.) It's not too far from our new apartment, so that's a bonus.
Maybe it's because I'm originally from the Midwest and will happily eat various plain tubers, legumes, and bread for days on end, but I was skeptical of Agava, as I am of all trendy East Coast restaurants. It's as if something deep inside me rebels at the thought of paying 11$ for pork tacos; needless to say, I went in to the restaurant mentally kicking and screaming. But Agava really has something special going for it, and I was quickly won over. Not by the industrial/exposed wood decor or the hopping atmosphere, but by the light, fresh and altogether unique fare. That last point came as a complete surprise, given that the upscale Mexican theme has been so sorely beaten. My girlfriend got the El Pato flatbread and I had the Padre tacos. Both dishes were excellent, and the details -- from the light and creamy avocado and green salsa in the tacos to the finesse of scattered parmesan on the flatbread -- added to the sense of uniqueness that made the experience so enjoyable. Additionally, the Agava mojito we ordered struck an inebriating balance between sweet and crisp, all without being sappy or too tart. Normally I don't write much about service, because it is so rarely above average, but the service at Agava was exemplary. The friendly hostess let us know exactly when to come to avoid a wait, and our server, while a bit demure, kept our table flawlessly. All in all, Agava makes for a welcome addition to an already strong lineup of Ithaca favorites.
I've been going to Agava since the place opened; it's the only game in town on the East side of Ithaca. If I was rating this a year ago when I was going once a week, it would have been 5 stars no problem. But over the last 2 years it's been a steady downward trend from my POV. Pros: The main courses are typically pretty good, although there is some variability to the preparation of the same dish depending on who is working. The atmosphere is great and very well done. Perhaps the best atmosphere in Ithaca. They do a good job with having events and bands/musicians come through. The menu is also updated with good frequency. Cons: Speaking of the menus, they have continually raised their prices since opening and keep including higher and higher priced items. For me, this shifted it from a casual place to eat frequently to a specific occasion experience. The chips are also very inconsistent with them being stale far too often, other times no salt at all, and sometimes heavy on the oil. You only have a 50/50 shot of your water actually being cold. Overall, I get the feeling that their own popularity has gone to their head and they're seeing how far and hard they can push it. Oh, and don't come here with a party larger than 5 and expect to split checks. They are ridiculously strict and unaccommodating no matter how much you spend.
Definitely the coolest place in Ithaca to get dinner. The food, atmosphere, and service were all top notch. I only have one bad thing to say about this place: You must have 4 or more people in your party in order to make a reservation. This can lead to long waits during busy night which is expected at any popular restaurant.
In town for an all day work training and on my lunch break, I was just about to order food at CTB's near by, when the man who was about to take my order turned to his buddy and said that he REALLY wanted the fish tacos at Agava. As soon as I heard that I decided that I REALLY wanted the fish tacos too...and I was not disappointed! The deep fried cod was crispy and moist all at once. The house margarita was stronger than I expected. Good call guy that works at the other  restaurant! LOL
Agava is an incredible place to dine. Been there twice for brunch and twice for dinner. Amazing food and great staff. Great new menu.
We had our first bad experience two nights ago.   Our tip -- do not seat a family in the bar during happy hour when there are PLENTY of open tables in the main dining area.   We arrived before 5.  And I ate halibut with a man's buttocks behind my head AND my kids heard inappropriate language being spoken loudly. Still, the food was delicious but we couldn't enjoy it.
I was here for a family function and they took me to this nice resturant and tequila bar it had a lot of ambiance and a large menu of locally grown food and produce I had a locally sourced pork chop with potato hash it was excellent and very filling the service was great and the whole party had a great time it was a place to return to when k  in the Ithaca area
I went here around 6:30 pm on a thursday night; place was already packed and cars were spilling out to the third parking lot. My friend and I were seated outside on the deck which has a nice, friendly atmosphere but was definitely a bit on the loud side; our table wasn't very big but we had a hard time hearing each other from across the table. Our waitress, Charlotte, was very nice. The house salsa is made with charred tomatoes but lacked acidity and tasted very savory, almost like mushrooms. I had the agava burger (local organic grass-fed beef, aged new york cheddar, fried onions, secret sauce, sesame seed bun ) and my friend had the black bean burger (aged new york cheddar, poblano, lime crema, sesame seed bun) I really like burgers, and this was definitely one of the best burgers I've had in my life. I would describe it as a pub style burger but with a fine/medium fine grind. I would estimate it to be about 1/3-1/2 lbs, very juicy, beefy meat. I usually worry about grass-fed beef being too lean and mineral-y but my fears had no ground here. It was a pretty thick burger, grilled to a perfect medium rare as requested. The meat was well seasoned and the fattiness was spot on - didn't feel greasy but tasted full of beefy-flavor. The bun was also very well made, absorbing the juices from the beef perfectly. It was relatively soft with a good chew, not too dense, not dry, a pretty tight crumb. The cheese was creamy and complimented the beef well, it's not a particularly sharp cheddar. The secret sauce tasted pretty similar to a whopper sauce aka ketchup and mayo. The fried onions don't really stand out in my memory as negative or positive. The fries that came with both our burgers (I can't speak for the taste of the black bean burger but my friend who is a life long vegetarian says it's the best burger she's ever had) came in a large quantity. They were cut very thin/narrowly, as each fry was thinner than a McDonalds fry. They were like 5 guys style -fried once and browned so they have a relatively thin outside, not very crisp but with a nice roasted potato flavor on the outside. Our fries were both unsalted; not sure if this is typical or a slipup during service. The house ketchup has agave nectar in it and feels pretty one dimensionally sweet, a bit thinner than Heinz, lacks acid and the tomato flavor is overwhelmed by sweetness. Based on how difficult it was to hear my dining companion on the deck and the lack of salt on our fries, I would consider giving Agava 4 stars but I was just very impressed with the quality of my burger and the price was very fair. 5 stars; I'll definitely be coming back for this burger.
Amazing place. Great farm to table food. Very fresh. Took both of our full families here for our Graduation dinner it was that good! Great drinks, and live music almost every night. Fun!
Agava is never a let down. I frequent Agava on the weekends for brunch and I always try to choose something different (though it's really difficult to resist the Frenchy). For someone who looks for gluten-free, organic, and locally grown foods- this place is heaven. I highly recommend the fruit salad (seasonal fruits, but always fabulous) during their brunch hours. The only thing I will say is sometimes they get very busy- expect to spend a decent amount of time for brunch (enjoy it... I actually prefer a place where I don't feel like I'm being rushed through my meal). They will bring you biscuits and cornbread (both amazing) so you have something to munch on while you wait for your meal. I haven't been here for dinner yet, but plan on going in the near future so I can top off this review :)
We came on a Saturday right at the end of the lunch crowd. We're not familiar with Ithaca so we depended entirely on the Yelp recommendation. The restaurant was busy but our server was attentive and didn't try to rush us into ordering. The variety in their menu proves that you don't have to have multiple pages of offerings to serve every palate. The four of us were each able to get something we really enjoyed - burger for my husband, pancakes for kid #1, flatbread pizza for kid #2 and chorizo con huevos for me. I know that everything was delicious and fresh because I exercised The Mom Privilege and requisitioned a bite from everyone's plate. Kid #2 loves cooking shows and watched the chef at the wood-fired oven do his thing. He was very kind to her and let her sit at the bar where she could see while he talked to her about cooking. We will definitely come back next time we are in Ithaca.
The chips and salsa were tasteless. To heat it up they gave us bottled Habanero sauce. That's when we should have walked out.   My husband ordered a $13 hamburger cooked medium and it came out basically raw. Although the waitress said it would be comped, the manager only took $5 off. It was disgusting. I ordered the salmon sandwich, which was dry. Both meals came with 3 pounds of french fries. Who loves fries that much??? We won't be returning or recommending.
It's really hipster. Like really. It's the epitome of Ithaca hipster with crazy paintings and awesome wood furnishing and tables. It's also owned by the owner of Ithaca Bakery so they definitely seem to know what they're doing. The food is... okay. Some of my friends and I shared the flatbread and it was alright and the tortilla soup was way too salty. The free chips and salsa were amazing though. I felt bad because we literally got like 15 refills of the chips and salsa haha. I got the Agava Burger and personally thought it was way too salty. I think that seems to be the trend here. However, my friend got the Carnitas Pulled Pork Sandwich and it was amazing. I like this place. I think I'll be coming back to try some other hipster food, but it's not food I'm going to die to have or crave.
We really enjoyed the food and they even have a great options for kids menu (not the typical mac and cheese that plagues most kids options). The ceviche was phenomenal!
This was my first dining experience in Ithaca, and man was it a good one. Similarly, I was the first customer at this place's grand opening, so combine my hunger with their eagerness to impress and I had a great experience here. I went with the pork carnitas and the crispy pork belly that wore a fried egg for a hat. The tortillas for the carnitas were actually a bit bland, but the pork was phenomenal. The crispy pork belly was an unctuous pleasure, and the crispy aspect to it worked perfectly. The egg and ramps really added to the dish, and I was impressed that everything was sourced locally--eating with a conscience is something we've gotten away from. Speaking of... A couple people have complained about the "shot glasses" for water. That's an unkind exaggeration, and misinformed--my waiter explained that the water is plain old tap water, but they run it through their own charcoal filter to remove impurities. The result is clean mineral water, and is served in cold glass bottles--the 8 oz. glasses are there because water is often wasted when it's served in those big-gulp monstro-cups at restaurants. That I could agree with, as it made me think of all the water I myself wasted over the years at places. Also, it didn't exactly kill me to reach over and pour my own water... Service was among the best I've ever had, the food was creative, intelligent, and honest, and the restaurant was spotless. Very impressive decor, and I wish this place the very best.
The food is amazing, well-priced, and the service wonderful. I've been to Agava only three times, but the waitress remembered me and was very helpful when I was trying something new to order. The tuna tostada is delicious, and a must try. The mojito is very good as well, and so are the flatbreads. The decor and atmosphere are both quite unique and homey. Really nothing wrong with the place, other than a wait time during peak hours. I'd say it's my favorite dinner place in Ithaca.
Have gone twice now. Positives: place looks great, nice job! Drinks are tasty as well. Service is very friendly. Negatives: I know every one is raving about the food, but I honestly think the newness and excitement of the place has the better of them. This is supposed to be SOUTHWEST inspired food. I'm not sure if people have eaten in the southwest, but the food there is bursting with spices and flavor. Both times I have eaten here, the flavors in the food seem to be playing it very safe to down right bland. I love fish tacos, and these are really really bland. A fish taco from any truck in San Diego destroys these. Same for the chili relleno: really nice ingredients and vegan as well, but really pretty flavorless. We are talking about a chili relleno for crying out loud, flavor please! Also, the corn tortillas are pretty bland as well, and I noticed they ship them up from NYC. Why? This was the general from all who accompanied me. 1st a table of 8, then just 2 of us. I have heard these general thoughts from others as well, and am a bit surprised at not seeing this in more reviews. They are new, and obviously pleasing customers, so what do I know, but my opinion, if your Southwest, then go for it! Don't play it safe with flavors!!!
Here at Sunday brunch -- had the cubanita awesome -- nice hint of horseradish great quantity. - music in dining and dos Equis Amber. If the kid chooses Cornell we will be back!!!!!
I was pretty disappointed with Agava after all the good things I heard and good reviews I read. The service is good, despite an initial wait of 5-10 minutes for a server to come to our table because we happened to be seated during an all-staff meeting to discuss the menu. The food has some pluses. It is very fresh tasting, and the restaurant obviously makes quite an effort to obtain fresh and local ingredients to make inventive dishes. However, I think these pluses are heavily outweighed by the fact that the dishes are very small portions and the prices are quite high. I ordered their take on the chile relleno, which was pretty good but costs $15. You get one chile relleno for that, with no side dishes. It is very light, and not filling at all. The fact that it's presented as a main entree on their menu (not a "small plate") and is priced accordingly is pretty nutty. My daughter ordered chicken tacos--again, at $10 you get three very small tortillas with probably a 1/4 cup of chicken filling on them, with no sides. She is 12 and was not satisfied with the portion at all. At these prices, they need to start including beans and rice or something more to the menu so people are getting a good value.
Agava is new age mexican, with great drinks and southwest flavors but it is absolutely not a typical chip-salsa-burrito-enchilada joint.  There are tremendously interesting choices on the menu here, including ceviche, flatbreads, steaks, tacos and tortas (but no burritos), give yourself time to look it over. The free chips arrived without asking and were made from very coarsely ground corn, they were thickly chunky and freshly made, altho served stone cold unfortunately. Accompanied by a nice tomato salsa with a pleasant hint of heat. First Yelper recommendation was the char margarita: a small margarita with smoked salt on the rim.  Excellent and deep flavor, smoke both from the salt and the mezcal, the most interesting 'rita I've had in some time, and extraordinarily reasonably priced at $7. We started with lamb meatballs, and that was more great advice from other Yelpers.  The balls were a little funky & gamey and slathered in a chunky, spicy tomato sauce.  Like the corn chips, the lamb was ground quite coarsely and had lots of texture, not mushy at all.  Not cheap at $9 for four. Flatbreads here are GREAT, served steaming and smoky from the wood-burning oven.  My dining companion got the margarita which arrived properly blistered with smoked mozzarella, fresh basil and non-spicy tomato sauce.  This was a classic pizza, no southwest flavors on it, nonetheless delicious, a good value at $10. I got their vegetarian (or maybe vegan?) version of a chile relleno, a poblano pepper stuffed with quinoa.  Not a scrap of cheese to be seen anywhere, and not battered & deep fried either.  Great flavor but quite different from the classic dish of the same name.  Notably overpriced at $13. The entree sizes are relatively small.  The poblano came without any rice, without any refried beans. So unlike typical mex places, two people can eat chips & sala, finish an appetizer AND finish their meals.  But with that said we didn't get any of the entrees like steak or salmon, those might be huge. Our server was cheerful and easy to find.  Interior is all new and carefully done, don't let the bland exterior and bare-bones parking lot put you off. Great place, I'd visit again in a heartbeat.
Lovely interior, great wait staff. I kinda think of this place as a fancy Chili's. They have some fairly priced (at least for Ithaca) lunch specials that rotate. The time I went for lunch, I got beef chili and a chicken sandwich for $10. They also have a very extensive drinks menu. I also came here for a trivia night once, but that was pretty dull. The pacing is really slow so it gets really boring and you kinda forget that it's happening. I wouldn't recommend coming here just for the trivia night. But at least you can get some decent southwestern food and have a nice place to chill with friends if you do decide to come.
Great new place in the (poor) Ithaca culinary landscape. While the dinner menu is relatively uninspiring, the brunch menu is creative and full of southwestern flavors. I personally tried the "Del Mar" fish tacos, and the huevos rancheros - both above average. The grits was delicious as well. Desserts are tasty and well-made (I suggest the pineapple upside-down cake). Good wine and drinks list. The restaurant interiors are nice, with a modern yet traditional feeling (it seems to be in Colorado rather than in Ithaca!). I give the place 4 and not 5 stars because the service is somewhat slow and sloppy - I am sure this will improve with time and with more training. A happy new discovery!
Happy hour update!  The Magic Slush Machine has vanished, and perhaps so have happy hour special prices.  My friend and I stopped in a couple weeks ago for drinks (two margaritas each) during what we believed was happy hour.  My second margarita was served without my having ordered it, at any rate.  But when the bill came, we were charged the regular price $6 for each drink.  Not a terrible price for a relatively small but tasty margarita on the rocks, but certainly nothing like the super-value experience last summer.... Oh, well--nothing lasts forever!
Best restaurant in Ithaca hands down. Everything from the flatbread to the brunch to the dinner is top notch, and it's all filled with so much flavor. Great atmosphere as well.
It's Spring (supposedly) and I had said previously I would come back to see if my experience could be improved..  So I did.  Again, for lunch.  Ordered exactly what I had the last time.  Had the same waitress, whose name is Angela, incidentally.   Chips and Salsa:  Good Fried Calamari Appetizer:  Disappointing, as the last time I thought it was delicious.  This time it was overdone, and in fact tasted like maybe it was from the night before and just heated up.  Not an exaggeration. Padre:  Pork was again, just good.  If you don't like raw onions, ask them to leave them out.  Huge hunks of raw onion is such a turnoff to me.  I thought the salsa verde overwhelmed the carnitas.   Water:  Delicious.  WTF?  I drank the whole bottle.
My new favorite local restaurant! I was so pleasantly surprised after my first visit. The atmosphere was cool and fun and we felt transported somewhere much more urban and exciting than Ithaca. It was a little loud and busy, but also buzzing, and the food was great! Prices were surprisingly reasonable too. Many of the tapas selections are pretty cheap, and the bill for four of us (three tapas dishes, an entree each, and three alcoholic bevvies) was around $80. The highlight for me was the bean burger. Absolutely amazing. It is some sort of mash of beans and cheese and veggies, re-formed into burger shape, topped with roasted peppers, with the most wonderful, rich flavor. Hands down the best veggie burger I have ever tasted. I had it without the bun, and enjoyed it on its own. YUM! The fries are pretty damn delicious too. I sampled some of my companion's "Boomer" portobello tacos, which were also great. The "Mary Jane - wood oven puffed flatbread" is a huge dome of doughy goodness. When it was brought to our table, everyone around us turned to look and asked what it was. I'll admit to being a total wimp when it comes to hot and spicy, and the salsa that came with the complimentary chips was a no-go for me, but everyone else at my table was addicted. Only disappointment is that the bean burger isn't offered on the brunch menu. I returned for lunch one weekend with my heart set on it, only to be told it couldn't be done. WAH!
It was "okay". Certainly not worth the expense.  We had to have the waitress bring jalapeños and cilantro to hie the guacamole flavor.  The "Juicy Lucy" was tasty, but the Del Mar fish tacos were lacking. I've had far better for much less money. The Coconut flan was not that good tastes artificial and the "bottled" water was from the tap. Disappointing considering what the charge for their menu. Waitress was attentive.
I had a good experience here recently and am looking forward to coming back. I really like what they have done with the space - high, open ceilings, and wood accents everywhere. They have a lovely patio in the back, which is where I sat with some friends for dinner. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. The one disappointment was the salsa. The one that came with our chips was rather bland, so we asked for something spicier. The server came back with something he said contained habanero, so we were expecting something hot. Instead, it had no heat whatsoever. We all tried it and agreed. Not sure what went wrong there. Otherwise, the food was very tasty. One thing I do want to point out that strikes me as disingenuous and just plain cheesy, is that the first reviewer of this restaurant (R. Brous) is related to the owner, which is fine - but it's hardly an unbiased opinion, and he doesn't reveal his relationship to the owner in his review. This gave me an initial bad impression of the restaurant, which isn't merited by its food and service.
Gluten-free dream!! Visited Agava on the recommendation of a business contact. We were looking for something new for lunch and needed to consider options that included gluten free. Agava hit the mark. When I asked if the homemade chips on the table were corn based, she immediate clued in to where I was going. She brought out an extensive gluten free menu that included many GF versions of the house menu. I was so excited to have so many choices INCLUDING versions of their wood fired flatbreads. I went with the New School Chicken tacos with white corn tortillas. Brilliant! Very fresh and tasty. I wish this place was closer to Syracuse... I will definitely be back.
Agava does not deserve such good ratings. The food is mediocre, if not atrocious, here, and ridiculously overpriced for what you get. I have been here twice, both times with my husband and a group of friends. I just don't even know how to express HOW BAD the food is here, especially for what you pay for it. This is indicative of Ithaca dining in general, where people are fooled by ambience and buzz - it is a case of the emperor having new clothes but no clothes at all. The first time we went, I ordered a black bean burger, and it was incredibly bland - it just tasted like mushy beans. Not up to the hype at all. My husband ordered the Torta # 1 - that was also incredibly bland. The fries were soggy and, again, flavorless. One of our friends ordered the steak tacos, and had to remove the steak from the tacos because it was too tough to chew. Another friend got flatbread which was not filling enough - and she eats like a bird. The only person who liked the food got corn (and that's no longer on the menu). Also, it was corn - is it possible to screw that up? After repeated recommendations from various people, we went against our better judgment and decided to give Agava another chance. This time, my husband and I ordered from the Plates section of the menu. He ordered the shrimp fettucine, which had flavors that just tasted wrong together, yet somehow still managed to be bland. I had the Lil Shorty spare ribs, and I can tell you, this is NOT "Vietnamese-style". I have eaten Vietnamese food my entire life, and NEVER have I had anything so SALTY. In fact, I don't even think SALT can be as SALTY as this dish was. The vegetables were drenched with this DISGUSTINGLY SALTY sauce, and completely inedible. The meat, though tender, was, again, ruined by the SALT. It was like they had taken all the salt which they SHOULD have been using for all the bland food they make, and dumped it onto my plate. Our other friends ordered various items and were not overly impressed, especially given the prices of the menu items. I'm sorry, but $12 for a single 1.5" diameter crabcake that was "Okay", is way too much. I don't understand the reviews which say this restaurant is reasonably priced. If you were to compare the food here with the food at a similarly priced restaurant in NYC, San Francisco, or Los Angeles, the food in those cities would blow Agava out of the water (which, really, isn't hard to do). Run, don't walk away from this place. Ithaca needs better food, and this place is not helping.
I called in advance to make sure the kitchen was still open. Showed up 5 minutes later, 15 minutes before the kitchen was supposed to close. They gave us menus, then told us 5 minutes later that the kitchen was already closed. Terrible service.
A tale of 2 diverse experiences. We waited 45 minutes in the bar for a table on a Friday night. We were seated in the bar as we waited, being under 2 speakers mounted about 6 feet above our heads,  the general sound level was loud enough to make conversation impossible. We were promptly served drinks and ordered a flatbread appetizer. When the appetizer was served 30 minutes later a waiter tossed on our table in passing without slowing down. We now had a flatbread covered in melted butter and herbs and no plates, no napkins and no silverware. I stood in the 3 deep line at the bar for 5 minutes in an attempt to get a busy bartender's attention with no luck. I then went into the dining room and took napkins and silverware off of an empty table. We were then offered a table in the bar for dinner after 45 minutes and we declined due to the noise level. Rating for the service so far=1 star Finally seated and things quickly turned around. Our server, Emily was awesome and kind, the food was delicious, it is wonderful to eat "hand made" food that is not made in a factory somewhere else. The local beef was wonderful and full of flavor. I am happy to patronize a business that buys local and organic when possible. The ingredients were tasyy and well prepared. Dinner was 4 stars I would never return on a Friday or Saturday without a reservation!
Friday night after picking me up from the train station in Syracuse, my friends and I drove to Ithaca and went to Agava, a Southwest-inspired establishment featuring a wood-fired oven, lots of seasonal and farm-to-table ingredients and a great atmosphere. Being a Friday evening, we had a bit of wait before we were seated, but as expected, we can fill time together like no-bodies business, so we really didn't mind.  The hostess also came by a few times to see if we wanted some drinks while we waited.  When we were seated, we were in the bar area and I really liked the energy and vibe of this place! I ordered the Caribe, an ancho-marinagted grilled chicken sandwich topped with slaw, pickled jalapeno slices and mayo.  I've been on a major grilled chicken sandwich while eating out kick lately, and this didn't disappoint.  I ordered a side salad in place of my fries, but when the plate arrived, the fries were piled high on my plate.  Due to the busy night, I didn't care enough to send it back or even bring it up.  These things happen from time to time.  I wasn't a fan of the fries, which were hand-cut, crunchy and shoe-string style, but my friend really enjoyed them.  (I prefer a bigger, crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside fry, myself.) I would definitely go back here another time I'm visiting Ithaca - there were lots of things on the menu that looked delicious, and I'd love to try a few other drinks off the menu.  I had a pomegranate mojito, which was delicious, too.
Agava is probably some of the best food in Ithaca, and it comes at an incredibly cheap price. I've been back so many times, and it never disappoints. Free chips (or bread for brunch), cheap entrees, and good booze! Timing: This place fills up FAST after 6, and parking can be hard to find. Make a reservation if you're coming at peak hours, especially over the weekend. Appetizers: Their homemade guacamole is amazing, but I'd skip the Mary Jane Main courses: The sandwiches are ridiculously priced and very tasty - I love the black bean burger, burger, and caribe. The caribe is a bit spicy, but very good, and if you're not a fan of the specialty ketchup, you can substitute Heinz. The tacos are good but small compared to the rest of the menu, so stick with the other options if you want a good amount of food. The flatbreads are large and filling, and the salads are all very interesting and generous. Dessert: Their desserts are overall very good, but I'd avoid the chocolate tart, since it's about two spoons' worth. Booze: Their cocktails are all good, solid wine list, and $3 red sangria from 4-6pm!
Went there with co-workers for lunch and had a nice meal (which was good, since I had heard mixed things about lunch there). I had the lamb burger, which was tender (the menu described it as "adobado" so I guess it was marinated) and had a tasty sweet and savory sauce. The fries were average, maybe a little overfried but still acceptable, with homemade ketchup that had a hint of allspice or clove in it. I also ordered the braised kale as a side and liked that as well, not overcooked or over-salty.
What a fantastic place! This rivals some of the best, if not better, places in NYC. A great selection of Tequila and a well thought out menu with fresh flavors - a rarity among Mexican restaurants. I was new to the area and happened to look for a nice Mexican place and this one came up as the best! Thanks to Yelpers with truthful reviews it really lived up to my expectations. For those who remotely like Tex Mex, this is a must do. I would surely travel at least an hour to make it here.
Consistently one of my favorite restaurants! Trivia night is so much fun with a cold margarita. The food is innovative and magically Ithacan - fresh and unique! Loved the brussels spouts, the quinoa fritters, the scallops, and the flatbreads. Also, the fig compote that comes with the cheese plate is CRAZY GOOD. This is the perfect place to go with a group and order a bunch of small plates to share.
Great selection of beer
I recently went to Agava with two friends. None of us was particularly pleased with our dining experience or meals. The largest problem was our food had no flavor. It looks like it's going to have flavor. The menu description seems like it should be packed with flavor. But there was no flavor. I got the vegan tacos, the predominant flavor was of the corn tortilla, despite being filled with grilled tofu, slaw, onions, peppers and green salsa. All I tasted was tortilla. My friend who got pork also felt it lacked in a determinable flavor. So it's not a vegan menu item problem. It took longer than should be necessary to receive our food. While we were waiting we got the pleasure of watching the cook at the brick oven poking steaks with his bare fingers. The staff person who cleared the table next to ours did so in the most puzzling and disguising way possible. The staff person poured all the beverage remains, about 7 different cups, into two glasses on the table. Then left them sitting there for several minutes. So here we are sitting 2 feet away from a disgusting mixture of 7 different beverages and chunks of fruit floating around in their own filth. Then he picks up the two cups, comes to our table to clear our plates, ans SPILLS the leftover beverage mixture on our table. Gross. The prices are a little steep for the food you're getting. $9-$14 will buy you 3 flavorless tacos, or a flavorless flat-bread. For $26- $35 you can get a steak. Ambiance is semi-casual, semi-fancy, until you get to the restrooms and they're blasting music louder than a rock concert.
So after hearing all the hype and everyone from work telling me to try this place I did, and I was not impressed in the least. Let me start with the good though because there was some really high notes here: The street corn is amazing. I love Bobby Flay's corn from Mesa Grill, best corn ever and this comes pretty darn close to that! It is served as a whole corn-on-a-cob though which is okay, but I think should they have grilled it then taken the kernels off then mixed it with everything then it would have been a bit better but it was still amazing! The atmosphere is really quite nice and the servers are really nice. I like that they leave the water bottle at the table for your convenience, too many times do I go to a place and not get enough refills as I like and this was perfect. When you arrive they give you fresh chips and salsa and the salsa is pretty amazing! Now onto the bad: The prices are steep, really steep for what they are and would the meal have been better I wouldn't have complained. People who follow me know I am a burger guy, I love burgers so naturally the Agava Burger was my meal choice. The bun, was thin, so thin that it turned to moosh on the bottom when I was eating the burger as the burger was quite drippy. I ordered a medium rare burger but was brought a rare/ nearly raw in the middle burger which I am okay with eating but my friend ordered his medium and got medium rare/rare which he doesn't like though from experiences in the past I've learned to never have them take your food back, just eat it and move on with your life or just don't eat it. The burger itself had A LOT of flavor, was a good size and plenty juicy. but there were non toppings other than cheese. I was missing the fried onions that came on it and there was no tomato, lettuce or anything crunchy. I ended up putting some french fries on it and it balenced a little bit but it was just a pile of soft meat moosh with no crunch or anything to blence the texture. It was not a burger and in fact might scale down to the worst burger I've ever had because it was incomplete in my mind, though apparently this is how the burgers come. They could've done something like putting a poblano pepper on the burger or arugula or something because meat, cheese and a bun does not make even a slightly good burger. I was not the only one at the table who got the burger and they were not satisfied in the least as well. Also we paid $12 for the burger! Kilpatricks does it better for $8 and their fries are pretty bang-on if I do say so myself! The french fries, which as you know in my opinion MAKE the burger, were okay. They are shoestring fries which I don't mind but were a tab salty. Though the homemade ketchup was pretty amazing, and I hate ketchup. We also ordered one of their flatbreads, the Hot Buzz  one with blue cheese and chipotle chicken. The flat bread was so thin the crust became moosh. We couldn't even pick up a piece because it just flopped over. The crust and flavors were great but really? It was way too thin and we ended up eating it with a fork. Granted there are those who like it that way but flat bread and pizza to me, is a finger food and this was no finger food. My wife got the tacos, specifically the chicken tinga tacos. For $9 you get 3 regular corn tortillas with a spoonful, just one spoonful of chicken. nothing else. You get no sides (unless you order and pay for them) just 3 small "soft" tacos. The thing that was the worst though was that after getting the check, we waited 23 minutes (yes we counted) for them to take my credit card. The manager who gave us our check walked by 5 times, even made eye contact with me twice, and just walked right by. Our waitress who had disappeared earlier in the night (I guess the manager took over) came by and was curious that we were even still there saying she thought the manager had taken care of us! Needless to say I will not be going back here. The service is way too slow, the food mediocre for the price which is way too high for what this place is. I understand trying to cater to a higher standard and charging for it but make your food worth the money.
It's a very comfortable place to just chill with a couple friends. But also a nice, well decorated restaurant to have a sort of fancy dinner with drinks. We like the wings a lot. It has this special flavor due to the wooden stove. The flatbread is the best! We were there for dinner at Halloween night. All the servers were in costumes lol, and the decorations were also full of Halloween spirit. I wouldn't say the price is cheap, but it's very average among Ithaca restauratns.In general, a pretty nice, chill place.
In a town with so many great restaurants, this place is just alright. It definitely has some upsides -- nutella flatbread pizza (SO GOOD), but it also definitely has some downsides -- pork tacos (they call these tacos? they were scarcely tacos). But for the most part it is just alright. Service is nothing to write home about. There are pretty generous portions of rich food for breakfast, but it doesn't have great endurance. Coffee is quite good, but the food, especially things that are supposed to be their staple (also huevos rancheros) are just mediocre. Not bad, but there are definitely better options in this great food town.
My siblings and I had just finished trekking a portion of the Taughannock Falls State Park in the afternoon so by the time we left, we were exhausted and ravenous! Yelping any restaurant near the local vicinity, we landed at Agava. It had been raining and sweltering hot at odd hours of the entire day, so we literally ran inside the building when a torrent of rain washed upon us! When you enter the establishment, it has a great welcoming ambiance and vibrant decor that pair well with their contemporary, low-key, and cool vibe. From the art pieces hanging on the walls - bit.ly/1cRE95N - to their washed-out vintage menus-  bit.ly/1dcm9Sq - and to their textured walls- bit.ly/1dcmjcq - the entire atmosphere appealed to our senses, warming our chilled bodies. We sat down to a delicious basket of hot tostito chips that tasted absolutely handmade. They were salty and sweet. These tiny scoopers were like little 'gasms that went oh-so-well with their fresh, creamy guacomole. Holy Guacamole! (pun intended) Agava really started off with a bang and we didn't even receive our food yet! 5/5 Drinks came and we all shared a mysterious Cucumber cooler. They also had an enticing watermelon cooler but my brother was allergic to fruit (and still is!). Oh. My. God. This was the best drink I ever had...and non-alcoholic too?!! Made with cucumber juice, agave nectar, and club soda, this cooler was so refreshing and light. When I got home, I immediately bought all the ingredients. Note to self: I will make this. bit.ly/1448KID 5/5 We finally received our entrees and my brother got a delectable Agava burger with hand-cut fries. Even the ketchup was made from scratch! bit.ly/15MoLin I ordered my first ever fish tacos. I was almost jumping on my seat for my plate to arrive.  It did and it looked colorful in presentation! I got the Escobar fish tacos which were soft tacos encasing hefty chunks of grilled mahi, slaw, lima crema, and pico de gallo. Overall, they were pretty good. I wasn't a fan of the soft taco because they were too grainy/mealy for my taste. I think it was a preference issue. The mahi provided a meatiness that counteracted the herbaceous greens and kick of lemon. It wasn't memorable though. bit.ly/1dcoiNN 3/5 Lovely restaurant. I'm not sure if I'll ever head back to the place (since I live four hours away in Long Island) and the prices were a bit steep, but perhaps if we ever trail back to Taughannock Falls again, we'll keep Agava in mind. ;)
In an act of desperation, my boyfriend used Foursquare to find a restaurant for us while we were staying in Ithaca for the weekend. We found this gem on Saturday night (Establishments seem to close early outside of NYC). AND because we checked in on Foursquare, we got free sangrias (red or white: Red was better). The food was pretty delicious too! Our favorites were the lamb meatball appetizers (with pine nuts!) and the Lone Ranger tacos (steak). The catfish one was eh. It needed more seasonings or something to give it oomph. The kitchen ran out of ceviche after we ordered so they comped our Strawberry shortcake dessert (it has another name that escapes me at the moment). It was perfectly light and just sweet enough. Great service too. Very cool spot overall. The outdoor patio was really casual but still romantic. Definitely a great date spot.
Agava is a slightly upscale (e.g. you'll pay $13 for a burger) southwest fusion-Mexican-American restaurant. They have a number of good dishes and a gluten free menu. A bonus (as you'd expect in Ithaca) is their farm-to-table ideology: they list their local food sources on the menu. Their flatbreads are delicious and I really like the Agava burger. I've always had great service, although they get pretty busy during dinner. If you like spicy, ask to try the habanero salsa.
Well back to two stars. My wife and I had a meeting on east hill and did not have the time to go far, so she said lets go to Agava.  I agreed... sigh... We got in and were attacked right away for drink orders (we were still standing), we said give us a minute to sit down first.  Guess our waitress did not like that as she did not return until 16 minutes later (we were in a hurry so we were paying attention to the time). We ordered some over priced guacamole and the fried chicken. As we waited and ate our guac (which was good).  The people right next to us got their food (he had some beef thing) and promptly called the waitress over as the meat was cold.  I kinda chuckled to my wife saying why did we come here... Minutes later our fried chicken came out.  It had a bunch of fries mounded around it.  The fries were good as long as you did not get the ones at the bottom which were soggy in a not so tasty vinegar sauce. We split the chicken and bit in.  First bite was ok, but it was downhill from there.  Once you got past the warm thin coating the actual chicken was luke warm to cold. I was eating the drum and near the bone was just cold chicken, we cut the breast and felt the inside and it was all cold. It was all completely cooked, the obviously precook these and just drop them in the fryer enough to coat them but not heat them. So I do enjoy a nice cold fried chicken picnic, maybe at a park by the lake.  And maybe if they said on the menu, cold fried chicken, I might have been ok with it.  But It was not what I was expecting nor was it what I think they were trying to serve and the meal just feel apart from there. As much as I wanted to like Agava I think we need to part ways.
So me and my ten hungry bad Asian driver friends (see previous review on ringwood raceway) decided to come here for some late night eatin at 10:30pm. Well yea we're not college kids anymore. That's pretty late. The kitchen supposedly closes at 11 so we were fairly warned on the phone to put in our orders as early as possible when we arrive. When we sat down, the overall attitude of the staff was welcoming and we didn't feel hurried at all. We started with some chips and guac. The guac was extremely creamy and had too much lemon, making it unbearingly sour. We then moved onto their "soon to be famous" flatbread, baked up in their brick oven. To me it pretty much tastes like pizza without the layer of cheese and tomato sauce. The portion is large and enough to be an entree by itself. Topping was fresh. I asked for the cut of the day for my main. Later the lady came back and told me "the good news is, the cut of the day is extremely good. Bad news is, we ran out." Gee. I felt a slap in the face there. So I went with the hanger steak medium rare served with fries. The steak tasted dry, bland, and a bit overcooked. Its sliced into strips and made it cook and cool a lot faster so perhaps I missed out on the umame* (whys everyone using that word nowadays?). There were amateur paintings hanging all around the walls with serial numbers like an art gallery. This was accompanied by live keyboard music (only on Sat nights I believe?). The atmosphere, the friendly staff, and the general feel of the restaurant should be securing easy 4 stars. However, the quality of its food will drop it to a 3. *Ju L: UMAMI
AGAVA may actually have taken the #1 spot on my Ithaca restaurant list. I came here on graduation weekend and had an amazing meal with my boyfriend (the graduate!), including drinks and dessert. He had a beer, I had a great classic margarita. They bring out fresh tortilla chips and salsa before your meal, which we of course loved. For dinner, we sampled a bunch of small plates and an entree. The pan-seared scallops in brown butter with capers (soooo delicious), the "farrotto" (good, but not great), the chupacabra flatbread (with bacon, mushrooms, etc. -- easily the best part of the meal), and "L'il Shorty" which was Vietnamese short rib (also good). Tres leches and flourless chili-chocolate torte for dessert were both so, so delicious. Coupled with excellent service and really interesting, creative decor, this place is a winner. It's definitely a little expensive for me, and the portions for many of the small plates are miniscule, but if you're not eating the entire restaurant like we were, it's doable. If you want big portions, try the flatbreads -- they're huge. Overall, very impressed by AGAVA.
Service the last three times I've eaten here has been hit-or-miss. It can be fine, but once the place gets going at dinner it gets crowded and the servers and chefs never seem to recover for the night. I think they're operating on a limited budget, and so they are understaffed when it gets busy. Read the reviews or eat here and you'll come to the same conclusion as 95% of everyone else: the food is generally good, but nothing to write home about. "Good" is about the best descriptor, but you never read anything about "amazing" or "fabulous" or "delicious".  Food should have pleasant presentation, and enjoyable palate. Instead it just comes and goes in the most unmemorable fashion. Coupled with the fact that the menu is relatively simple means that you really only need to come here a handful of times before you've worn this restaurant out. They specialize in flatbreads, which remind me of simplified pizza with less topping. These all cost $12 or so. They also have sandwiches and burgers, also about $12 or so. If you thought that was expensive, just look at their "plates" section of the menu which are around $35 and you might be tricked into thinking your dinner is affordable. Really though, 5 Guys or Glenwood pines does a better burger for cheaper, and I can think of plenty of better pizza places. They do make a decent mojito drink. The low-lit decor and atmosphere is decently attractive. It reminds me of eating in an Abercrombie and Fitch store.  The parking lot in back is gravel and often muddy if it recently rained or snowed. For your money, you could probably do worse, but you could also do better.. but for average casual dining its at least close to campus, and perhaps being a little further from college town you won't be inundated with underclassmen.
I had a quick lunch here between mtgs. The del mar tacos were very tasty.  Not as good as the original from my home town but still a good meal. Of note they close between 3-4 pm to change for dinner. This was very distress when we came last week and we're turned away!!
Went here on Fathers Day for dinner. Was seated promptly and the waitress came by quickly. Ordered the albóndigas (wood oven roasted local lamb meatballs, tomato sauce, aged parmesan) and the hot buzz flatbread (grilled chicken, local honey, chipotle, tomato, blue cheese). The meatballs were good but the flat bread was disgustingly delicious. The honey was a great addition to the food and made it great. The tres leche dessert was good but probably the most unexciting thing we ate. The only complaint is that the wait staff is clearly inexperienced. We were given someone else's food not once, but twice. All in all I would definitely recommend giving Agava a shot.
Good deal for happy hour. Chips and salsa added to half price margaritas and drafts... That's $3 to get a frozen drink with chips, who can beat it? We also got a side of refried beans which were nothing special- I really like refried beans in general... so their beans were slightly disappointing. No matter what you get, ask for a side of the homemade ketchup, definitely different, and worth trying - even to dip your chips in! Loved the service, water bottles left right on the table, comfortable atmosphere and seating- out and indoors.
Great food, nice twist on mexican cuisine.  SOmething for everyone here.  I am on a restricted diet but have no trouble finding great things to eat. Make reservations ahead.  Can be a bit noisy but it is a festive atmosphere.  Our servers have always been knowledgeable and extremely hardworking.
This restaurant is one of my Ithaca Favorites. The setting is funky and modern, with a large variety of art (for sale!) on the walls. Additionally, they have a nice covered outdoor patio in the summer. The menu is inspired, modestly priced and evolving, with changes made fairly frequently. The daily specials list typically has four/five dishes. The drink menu has many unique cocktails. Additionally, they are open fairly late. The kitchen of many places in Ithaca close at 9pm, so its refreshing to find a place where it closes at 11 on some nights. Friday and Saturday are also great if you like live music. The foods all have generous portions, with the sandwiches coming with a mountain of hand-cut fries and house-made ketchup. Entrees are just as good, with lots of variety but a consistent level of quality. Its the perfect destination for a casual dinner, or a festive celebration.
Awesome place!  My sister and I are always looking for 'something new and different' near Ithaca and I don't know why we haven't tried this place yet!  We were extremely happy with our margaritas and salsa, then it got better. The spinach salad with chicken was out of this world!  And the Hot Buzz flatbread was amazing. We will definitely be back!  Nice work chef.
Agava is a welcome new place in a great location. Being near my aging mother's house, it makes an easy place to go when we are visiting, they were very helpful and patient with my mom. The food was good to excellent, we ended up coming back three days for lunch plus Sunday for brunch, a few dishes missed the mark, but overall I would recommend Agava to anyone. The noise level is a challenge, the room is tall and full of hard surfaces, so once it gets busy, conversation is impossible, even with the person next to you. Our experiences also varied with servers.  Three out of four times, we had excellent attentive friendly servers and everything went smoothly, one of the four trips we had a surly server and the things did not go well, after spending many years in the restaurant business, I can say for sure, this bad experience was due to the server's inability to manage the pace of her tables. So, four stars instead of five because of a few lackluster dishes, and one bad server.
The food here is very hit or miss. This is kind of what I think viva was going for with their restaurant only this place sort of succeeds. The ideas are creative, but some of the dishes lack flavor. I really disliked the asian/mexican fusion short rib dish; it was just bland. The carnitas tacos were tasty but nothing special. The drinks were fantastic though and I liked the decor/vibe a lot.
We eat out a lot in Ithaca, and this is one of our favorite spots.  Great ambiance, terrific food choices, reasonable prices, outdoor eating area in the summer and cozy seating by the wood-fired oven for winter days, and wonderful servers.  What's not to love?
I've been twice for dinner, and I have been fairly underwhelmed both times. It's one of those places that I really want to like. Really. And i'm glad someone is filling the southwestern food niche in Ithaca, but they need to work on the execution. So far I've had the: ceviche - (so far the best thing i've had here. Nothing groundbreaking, but had good flavor, light, tasted fresh, a little spicy. I believe they change the ceviche daily), wings, beef short ribs, and their bacon clam special. With the exception of the ceviche, everything seemed far too heavy handed with the salt. Particularly with the short ribs, it was difficult to taste anything past the salt. With the wings and the clams you expect it to be a little heavy on the sodium, so while it may not have been to my taste...sure i'll them a passing grade. But with the short ribs, unacceptable. I also ordered a side of black beans and rice to go with my clams. Don't order the black beans and rice. It is exactly what you would make yourself at home in 10 minutes. And not in the good homey way.   The environment is nice, and the service is really good (very friendly/helpful/attentive/etc). I'm likely to give them another shot, but when I do I'll probably avoid the full entrees and opt for something simpler like the burgers or tacos. Farm-to-table ingredients is always a noble move, but if you're going to do it, just let the ingredients shine. I think they can do better.
Agava is on my top 5 restaurants of Ithaca list. They've just updated their menu and it's even better. Lots of local ingredients, unique recipes, and great service. The noise level can get pretty high and you may have to wait for a seat during the rush, but it's worth the wait!
My new favorite Ithaca restaurant. Location is the only thing that keeps it from being 6 stars out of 5, but once I get over having to drive to it & sit down to the menu, all is well. Perfect balance of creative, accessible & gluten-free kid friendly. Will be back many times...
I don't get the rave reviews. First meal was a good brunch -- peach pancakes were pretty decent. I have had 3 meals since, each with serious flaws. 1) OVER cooked tuna after the waitress assured me it would be rare to medium rare. 2) DISGUSTING ceviche. Seriously - I think there was a spill into my dish. 3) Everything bland. I live close by and cannot seem to crave a single item on the menu. I'd rather eat leftovers at home. Next, service is a problem. The worst was an inexperienced wait staff unsure of menu items. One waitress was rude to my kids (who kept devouring the chips and salsa, and then asking for more). She looked at me and with an almost angry voice informed me that we would have to start paying for it (as if it was coming out of her paycheck). I told her to bring it, to keep it coming, and to charge me whatever she felt like was fair. So I guess maybe brunch is better than dinner??? Dinner consistently B.A.D.
Agava keeps getting better and better.  It was pretty inconsistent for the first year or so, but they have definitely found their groove.  And thank goodness for that, because their back deck is great and I love their specials and flat breads.  In particular their lunch specials are a really great deal! My favorite thing about Agava is brunch - huge cups of coffee, complimentary biscuits and corn bread, and tasty adult beverages make this girl quite happy.  Pair all of the above with a fried soft shell crab covered with hollandaise?  Marry me! I have also been to catered events by Agava and they do an amazing job.  I hope that this place stays on track, and I think they will, and I hope the owners open more restaurants!
Very nice atmosphere. I really enjoyed the overall theme. The day I went, they had a really cool folk band(it was a couple playing guitar, and one singing) playing that I loved. The food was great, but the waiter was a little awkward. She lingered around our table as if we were doing something wrong. Very odd.
Food: 5 stars, I love the food here. Closest thing you can get to mexican food with an american fusion twist. If you like Chipotle, you will definitely love this place. Not to say this is fast food in any way, but the combination of flavors from the tacos, which they are known for, reminds me a the amazing flavor combination that Chipotle is known for. There is lots of seating and a relatively large bar, but if you come during peak dinner time, you can expect to wait up to an hour....This is the biggest downside and during this time even after you get a seat the food will take a while and the service is mediocre. All that aside the food is so good that it still brings my review to an overall 4 stars.
Stopped in for dinner after a day of wine tasting. Good beer selection. Had magic hat stout, and Wagner valley coffee porter, loved them both. For starters we tried the cauliflower app. It was not bad, but basically just roasted cauliflower. Butternut squash ferro was very good. Lamb burger for dinner was very good. I could not imagine the combination, but enjoyed it very much.
Color me disappointed.  Agava did not live up to any expectation we had.  We were in town for the weekend and staying nearby.  After viewing the menu online, my husband and I were excited.  Here was a reasonably priced place that appeared to have a variety of bold and exciting dishes. We should have known from the moment we started on the chips and salsa that we didn't have a good night ahead of us.  The salsa had _absolutely_ no salt.  Bland as could possibly be.  But being brave souls, we trudged on. For starters, we split the corn and crab soup and the cheese plate.  The soup came first, and while it was being carried to the table, appeared to come in a fair sized bowl.  Unfortunately, when it actually arrived, it was only 1/4 full.  Now, I'm all for the creative use of plating, but when your oversized plates make you look more like a cheapskate, it's time to rethink your strategy.  Worse, it was runny, the chunks of crab meat stuck out like sore thumbs. On to the cheese plate.  Four mini slices of bread as thin as ladies' hosiery.  A few assorted slices of cheese and one very large bulb of roasted garlic, draped in flavorless raspberry jam that was spread in what I can only imagine the cook thought was an artful manner.  Avoid this dish, it wasn't worth it. Main course was referred to as "The Deluxe" sandwich.  What we were supposed to get was a house special carnita sandwich with pickled onions and slaw on a crispy baguette.  What we got was puled pork swimming in grease on a smallish, soggy roll and, again, it featured absolutely no flavor.  If the sauce on the side had any redeeming qualities, it did have flavor.  Just mostly the flavor of vinegar.  The "hand-cut homemade fries" on the side were limp and stringy, and their homemade ketchup tasted like canned tomatoes with sugar with no other discernible flavor. Finally, and worst, because it lasted the entire night, was out waitress' attitude.  No smiles, no suggestions, no nothing.  I'm not looking for small talk when I go out to eat, but a word of advice: when you ask "do ya need anything else?!" after the entrees have arrived, try not to sound like you're daring me not to ask, or else! Take my advice, and find some real Mexican cuisine, and leave this overpriced, disappointing "Southwest-Inspired" knockoff to those who are more interested in Margaritas then Molé.
Womp womp. My friends and I were so excited to try the burger because we heard great things and left so disappointed. We came on our lunch hour which was a huge mistake, as it took 40 minutes for our burgers to make it to the table. yikes. The burgers, though all were under cooked, were really tasty. Add a side of a sad pile of burnt shoe string fries and you have a $15 lunch.  Sadly, we will not be returning customers.
They keep me coming back. I'm wanting to discover that 5 star dish but have not found one yet. Coffee is pretty good I must say.
LOVED!  This place!  A really unique menu.  I had the Jerry salad with tofu and the pickled veggies (they had a kick)!  My mom had the Casa salad with shrimp and the roasted cauliflower.  The cauliflower was amazing!  Loved the interior of this place too, a great vibe.  We will be back!
I came for lunch and had the carnitas tacos.  I loved that each taco was piled with GUAC!  The white corn tortilla was yummy.  The only thing I didn't like about the tacos was that the carnitas were soooo greasy.  I had grease dripping from the tacos and down my hands.  My mom had the chorizo flatbread and my dad had the shortrib sandwhich and they both liked their food as well.  I'm glad we tried this place!
My dining companion and I visited yesterday (July 4, 2012) for lunch.  This was our third visit.  We were once again greeted and seated promptly and pleasantly by the hostess.  We sat outside, protected from the sun, on the patio, though it was such a hot day, the air conditioning INSIDE might have been nice too. Our waiter, Daniel, came directly along with our menus, and info about the daily specials. He brought us an on-the-house basket of fresh house-fried tortilla chips and the salsa of the day. With chips at hand, we were able to come to some decisions from the extensive lunch menu. We ate: quinoa fritters ($6 for 4 generously sized, golden, deep-fried  nuggets with a slightly spicy aioli and salsa fresca on the side)  We both decided that we could actually have made a wonderful lunch from 1/2 serving of those and one of Agava's fresh, locally sourced salads. BUT we didn't! I ordered the Yellow-Fin Tuna plate ($20).  The tuna was chile-rubbed & grilled perfectly to my specs., and served with a watercress, grilled pineapple, avocado, and  orange salad with a garlic-soy vinaigrette.  It was light, citrus-y with the perfect amount of saltiness and so generous, that I bought 1/2 of my tuna home and ate it today.  Chosen from the  generous list of draft beers,  I paired my lunch with an icy cold, Pyramid Heffeweisen. My partner enjoyed the Li'l Shorty Plate ( $18) A beer & chile-braised Vietnamese-style beef short rib, watercress, radish, pickled chile, tomato, fish sauce)  I begged a taste and found it exceptionally tender, well-spiced but not hot and beautifully composed.  She enjoyed a Green Flash West Coast  IPA from draft (highly recommended by Daniel) which stood up to the beef very well.  Her portions were also very generous and she was able to bring home 1/2 for lunch today. Things I consider pluses: Vegan & vegetarian eaters can enjoy eating here/ Lots of good parking/ Extensive wine list/ interesting, original cocktails/ Friendly staff/ very clean, well-stocked and funky restrooms/ kids menu/ wonderful weekend brunch/ To-Go menu/  local farm-to-table restaurant/ wonderful, generous portions at decent prices. Only thing I consider a minus: The rattan place mats that they're using don't seem to clean up very well. I think they should replace all of them with a more "clean-able" version. I noticed yesterday that they may be working on that issue. I gave it a 4 ONLY for this reason.
Maybe it's because I'm originally from the Midwest and will happily eat various plain tubers, legumes, and bread for days on end, but I was skeptical of Agava, as I am of all trendy East Coast restaurants. It's as if something deep inside me rebels at the thought of paying 11$ for pork tacos; needless to say, I went in to the restaurant mentally kicking and screaming. But Agava really has something special going for it, and I was quickly won over. Not by the industrial/exposed wood decor or the hopping atmosphere, but by the light, fresh and altogether unique fare. That last point came as a complete surprise, given that the upscale Mexican theme has been so sorely beaten. My girlfriend got the El Pato flatbread and I had the Padre tacos. Both dishes were excellent, and the details -- from the light and creamy avocado and green salsa in the tacos to the finesse of scattered parmesan on the flatbread -- added to the sense of uniqueness that made the experience so enjoyable. Additionally, the Agava mojito we ordered struck an inebriating balance between sweet and crisp, all without being sappy or too tart. Normally I don't write much about service, because it is so rarely above average, but the service at Agava was exemplary. The friendly hostess let us know exactly when to come to avoid a wait, and our server, while a bit demure, kept our table flawlessly. All in all, Agava makes for a welcome addition to an already strong lineup of Ithaca favorites.
Definitely the coolest place in Ithaca to get dinner. The food, atmosphere, and service were all top notch. I only have one bad thing to say about this place: You must have 4 or more people in your party in order to make a reservation. This can lead to long waits during busy night which is expected at any popular restaurant.
Agava is an incredible place to dine. Been there twice for brunch and twice for dinner. Amazing food and great staff. Great new menu.
I was here for a family function and they took me to this nice resturant and tequila bar it had a lot of ambiance and a large menu of locally grown food and produce I had a locally sourced pork chop with potato hash it was excellent and very filling the service was great and the whole party had a great time it was a place to return to when k  in the Ithaca area
Amazing place. Great farm to table food. Very fresh. Took both of our full families here for our Graduation dinner it was that good! Great drinks, and live music almost every night. Fun!
We came on a Saturday right at the end of the lunch crowd. We're not familiar with Ithaca so we depended entirely on the Yelp recommendation. The restaurant was busy but our server was attentive and didn't try to rush us into ordering. The variety in their menu proves that you don't have to have multiple pages of offerings to serve every palate. The four of us were each able to get something we really enjoyed - burger for my husband, pancakes for kid #1, flatbread pizza for kid #2 and chorizo con huevos for me. I know that everything was delicious and fresh because I exercised The Mom Privilege and requisitioned a bite from everyone's plate. Kid #2 loves cooking shows and watched the chef at the wood-fired oven do his thing. He was very kind to her and let her sit at the bar where she could see while he talked to her about cooking. We will definitely come back next time we are in Ithaca.
It's really hipster. Like really. It's the epitome of Ithaca hipster with crazy paintings and awesome wood furnishing and tables. It's also owned by the owner of Ithaca Bakery so they definitely seem to know what they're doing. The food is... okay. Some of my friends and I shared the flatbread and it was alright and the tortilla soup was way too salty. The free chips and salsa were amazing though. I felt bad because we literally got like 15 refills of the chips and salsa haha. I got the Agava Burger and personally thought it was way too salty. I think that seems to be the trend here. However, my friend got the Carnitas Pulled Pork Sandwich and it was amazing. I like this place. I think I'll be coming back to try some other hipster food, but it's not food I'm going to die to have or crave.
I've been twice, both times for dinner. The food was good, and the service was good. We ordered a large variety of dishes, from appetizers to dessert. But there was one oddity: the guacamole was nondescript, under-seasoned and flavorless. It surprised me that a place advertised as Southwestern would have mediocre guac. Other than that, though, I liked the food, and we'll go back.
This was my first dining experience in Ithaca, and man was it a good one. Similarly, I was the first customer at this place's grand opening, so combine my hunger with their eagerness to impress and I had a great experience here. I went with the pork carnitas and the crispy pork belly that wore a fried egg for a hat. The tortillas for the carnitas were actually a bit bland, but the pork was phenomenal. The crispy pork belly was an unctuous pleasure, and the crispy aspect to it worked perfectly. The egg and ramps really added to the dish, and I was impressed that everything was sourced locally--eating with a conscience is something we've gotten away from. Speaking of... A couple people have complained about the "shot glasses" for water. That's an unkind exaggeration, and misinformed--my waiter explained that the water is plain old tap water, but they run it through their own charcoal filter to remove impurities. The result is clean mineral water, and is served in cold glass bottles--the 8 oz. glasses are there because water is often wasted when it's served in those big-gulp monstro-cups at restaurants. That I could agree with, as it made me think of all the water I myself wasted over the years at places. Also, it didn't exactly kill me to reach over and pour my own water... Service was among the best I've ever had, the food was creative, intelligent, and honest, and the restaurant was spotless. Very impressive decor, and I wish this place the very best.
I've been to Agava a few times now since they've opened, and I've enjoyed it every time. We usually split some of their tacos, an appetizer, and we each get a margarita. I am partial to their char version, which is salty and smokey with a delicious smoked salt rim and some awesome mescal. This is not some frozen watered down Chevy's margarita, but rather a delicious drink for adults. They do a wonderful job with their braised greens tacos, though the braised green side can be really over salted. This summer they had a really great heirloom tomato side that was simple but awesome. For appetizers, they do a fantastic seared scallop which has been cooked perfectly both times I've had it. My absolute favorite thing so far has been the pork carnitas tacos, which were perfectly seasoned (a rarity in Ithaca's southwest options). One thing that could really set them over the top would be a house hot sauce or something like that. If not, then I would have like more hot sauce options. I was disappointed that they didn't have either Tapatio or Cholula, but rather something that I hadn't heard of before for a hot sauce option. Their option was ok, but it wasn't nearly as flavorful as either of those and was more of a pure heat hot sauce. Their ambiance is great for going out with a group of friends for a few drinks, dinner, or even just snacks. It is probably a little loud for a good date spot, and I probably wouldn't want to take children there. The service is unremarkable, which in my mind is a good thing. Overall, this is a great place with good, solid food, some absolute gems on the menu, good drinks, nice atmosphere, and it fits a missing niche in the Ithaca restaurant scene.
Have gone twice now. Positives: place looks great, nice job! Drinks are tasty as well. Service is very friendly. Negatives: I know every one is raving about the food, but I honestly think the newness and excitement of the place has the better of them. This is supposed to be SOUTHWEST inspired food. I'm not sure if people have eaten in the southwest, but the food there is bursting with spices and flavor. Both times I have eaten here, the flavors in the food seem to be playing it very safe to down right bland. I love fish tacos, and these are really really bland. A fish taco from any truck in San Diego destroys these. Same for the chili relleno: really nice ingredients and vegan as well, but really pretty flavorless. We are talking about a chili relleno for crying out loud, flavor please! Also, the corn tortillas are pretty bland as well, and I noticed they ship them up from NYC. Why? This was the general from all who accompanied me. 1st a table of 8, then just 2 of us. I have heard these general thoughts from others as well, and am a bit surprised at not seeing this in more reviews. They are new, and obviously pleasing customers, so what do I know, but my opinion, if your Southwest, then go for it! Don't play it safe with flavors!!!
I went here with two friends for dinner on a Friday evening. Agava seems to specialize in Southwestern-esque dishes. The outside of the place makes it appear deceptively small. I had a pork carnita sandwich and a Havasu Michelada, my friends had mixed drinks, a fettuccine dish and a burger. None of us had any complaints regarding the food. My sandwich was moist and the vegetables fresh, the fries served alongside it were shoestrings and decent quality, and the salsa and chips were a nice touch, though the lower chips appeared to be bathed in grease, so we avoided them. As for the drinks the Havasu Michelada was something that shocked my tastebuds, being a combination of beer, lime juice and a fair amount of hot sauce. I ended up having to fight it down with the rest of the beer that came with the drink, it was potent, but probably not something I would drink again. The other mixed drinks were not too weak nor overpowering. Although it was mostly occupied (~80% of tables I'd wager), service was attentive and courteous. Prices were a little high, but overall it was a quality experience. Would come here again.
Here at Sunday brunch -- had the cubanita awesome -- nice hint of horseradish great quantity. - music in dining and dos Equis Amber. If the kid chooses Cornell we will be back!!!!!
Our large party with children had an excellent dinner at Agava. The daily special cod was scrumptious, as were the beef tacos and pan seared chicken. We also had several kinds of margaritas, coffee and desert (chili chocolate cake, creme broulet). All around we were extremely happy with the food, service, and atmosphere.
Agava is new age mexican, with great drinks and southwest flavors but it is absolutely not a typical chip-salsa-burrito-enchilada joint.  There are tremendously interesting choices on the menu here, including ceviche, flatbreads, steaks, tacos and tortas (but no burritos), give yourself time to look it over. The free chips arrived without asking and were made from very coarsely ground corn, they were thickly chunky and freshly made, altho served stone cold unfortunately. Accompanied by a nice tomato salsa with a pleasant hint of heat. First Yelper recommendation was the char margarita: a small margarita with smoked salt on the rim.  Excellent and deep flavor, smoke both from the salt and the mezcal, the most interesting 'rita I've had in some time, and extraordinarily reasonably priced at $7. We started with lamb meatballs, and that was more great advice from other Yelpers.  The balls were a little funky & gamey and slathered in a chunky, spicy tomato sauce.  Like the corn chips, the lamb was ground quite coarsely and had lots of texture, not mushy at all.  Not cheap at $9 for four. Flatbreads here are GREAT, served steaming and smoky from the wood-burning oven.  My dining companion got the margarita which arrived properly blistered with smoked mozzarella, fresh basil and non-spicy tomato sauce.  This was a classic pizza, no southwest flavors on it, nonetheless delicious, a good value at $10. I got their vegetarian (or maybe vegan?) version of a chile relleno, a poblano pepper stuffed with quinoa.  Not a scrap of cheese to be seen anywhere, and not battered & deep fried either.  Great flavor but quite different from the classic dish of the same name.  Notably overpriced at $13. The entree sizes are relatively small.  The poblano came without any rice, without any refried beans. So unlike typical mex places, two people can eat chips & sala, finish an appetizer AND finish their meals.  But with that said we didn't get any of the entrees like steak or salmon, those might be huge. Our server was cheerful and easy to find.  Interior is all new and carefully done, don't let the bland exterior and bare-bones parking lot put you off. Great place, I'd visit again in a heartbeat.
I went to Agava for the first time this afternoon. I was immediately taken with the decor- it's modern, sleek, and all around impressive. We (a party of 3) were seated immediately, and given water and chips and salsa. The salsa was absolutely delicious, the chips were meh, nothing special. We ordered the quinoa fritters and street corn for an appetizer. It took a pretty long time for the food to make it out, but it was hot when we got it, so no fault to the waitress (who we all noted was busting her butt, covering tons of tables- perhaps they were understaffed?) Both appetizers were delicious, though the street corn was initially forgotten, and we had finished the fritters before our server realized the corn hadn't been brought out to us. I ordered the black bean burger. The flavor was good, but it was texturally monotonous. They should put a slaw or some veggies on it to add some variety. The fries were good if you ate them quickly, but they're too thin to let sit around, as they got greasy and droopy after a few minutes. My companions got the fish tacos, and a lamb burger. I tried the tacos, and they were good (I wish they had put the slaw and pico de gallo on my burger). The fish was nothing special, just breaded and fried. I did not try the lamb burger, but my companion said it was very good. All in all, the service was a bit slow (though I think the blame is on the kitchen, and not enough waitstaff), and the food was pretty good. I'd definitely like to go back to try some other menu items.
Great new place in the (poor) Ithaca culinary landscape. While the dinner menu is relatively uninspiring, the brunch menu is creative and full of southwestern flavors. I personally tried the "Del Mar" fish tacos, and the huevos rancheros - both above average. The grits was delicious as well. Desserts are tasty and well-made (I suggest the pineapple upside-down cake). Good wine and drinks list. The restaurant interiors are nice, with a modern yet traditional feeling (it seems to be in Colorado rather than in Ithaca!). I give the place 4 and not 5 stars because the service is somewhat slow and sloppy - I am sure this will improve with time and with more training. A happy new discovery!
One of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. I've eaten in 3rd world countries and haven't had an experience as bad as this one. The huge, main reason this was such a terrible experience was the flies/fruit flies. The second my platter came, my date and I were swarmed by flies around our food, diving inside our salsa and tacos.  I had to ask for our food to be wrapped up and for my check literally 3 minutes into our meal. One, if not the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. On top of this, it's extremely loud.  You can hardly hear/talk to the person across the small table from you. Finally, the food my date ordered was TERRIBLE.  She's a vegetarian, so she ordered the Vegan Victory (something like that) and the tofu literally tasted flavorless and awful.  I tried it myself and felt myself gag. The reasoning for the flies? Our waitress said apparently they have lots of composts because they're "going green". For a good cause, but makes for a terrible customer experience.
Best restaurant in Ithaca hands down. Everything from the flatbread to the brunch to the dinner is top notch, and it's all filled with so much flavor. Great atmosphere as well.
I had high hopes when I entered this newer southwest inspired restaurant. Unfortunately I was greeted by a hostess staring down at papers, clearly distracted and overwhelmed, and who let me stand awkwardly in front of the hostess stand without saying a word..and then FINALLY when she said hello-she muttered 45 minutes and stared back at me with a blank, dense expression. I'm confused? Did she say hi to me and I missed it? Darling, you're in the world of customer service..put a friggen smile on and greet me. Fortunately enough for my night out--I'd say the phenomenal flatbread here made up for the hostess. I'd go back..and walk straight to the bar.
My new favorite local restaurant! I was so pleasantly surprised after my first visit. The atmosphere was cool and fun and we felt transported somewhere much more urban and exciting than Ithaca. It was a little loud and busy, but also buzzing, and the food was great! Prices were surprisingly reasonable too. Many of the tapas selections are pretty cheap, and the bill for four of us (three tapas dishes, an entree each, and three alcoholic bevvies) was around $80. The highlight for me was the bean burger. Absolutely amazing. It is some sort of mash of beans and cheese and veggies, re-formed into burger shape, topped with roasted peppers, with the most wonderful, rich flavor. Hands down the best veggie burger I have ever tasted. I had it without the bun, and enjoyed it on its own. YUM! The fries are pretty damn delicious too. I sampled some of my companion's "Boomer" portobello tacos, which were also great. The "Mary Jane - wood oven puffed flatbread" is a huge dome of doughy goodness. When it was brought to our table, everyone around us turned to look and asked what it was. I'll admit to being a total wimp when it comes to hot and spicy, and the salsa that came with the complimentary chips was a no-go for me, but everyone else at my table was addicted. Only disappointment is that the bean burger isn't offered on the brunch menu. I returned for lunch one weekend with my heart set on it, only to be told it couldn't be done. WAH!
This place is definitely the default place that my friends and I go to when we can't decide where to go.  The food here is so good and their flatbread is delicious.  I recommend the frozen margarita and the tuna tostada there.  I usually (75% of the time) get the green flatbread because I'm lactose-intolerant and it has been a great staple.
Yes!  Finally, Ithaca has a spot to get delicious Mexican food.  It's not authentic Mexican or Baja style, but it's very very good.  The drink menu is superb and very creative.  The menu changes often and features local fare.  It's been full every time I've gone for both lunch and dinner, so I know I'm not alone in my adoration for this fantastic eatery!  Thank you, Agave,  I've been praying you'd come!
I had a good experience here recently and am looking forward to coming back. I really like what they have done with the space - high, open ceilings, and wood accents everywhere. They have a lovely patio in the back, which is where I sat with some friends for dinner. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. The one disappointment was the salsa. The one that came with our chips was rather bland, so we asked for something spicier. The server came back with something he said contained habanero, so we were expecting something hot. Instead, it had no heat whatsoever. We all tried it and agreed. Not sure what went wrong there. Otherwise, the food was very tasty. One thing I do want to point out that strikes me as disingenuous and just plain cheesy, is that the first reviewer of this restaurant (R. Brous) is related to the owner, which is fine - but it's hardly an unbiased opinion, and he doesn't reveal his relationship to the owner in his review. This gave me an initial bad impression of the restaurant, which isn't merited by its food and service.
Food is handcrafted, carefully selected by an experienced chef.  Many items on the menu are locally sourced (like meats from Autumns Harvest) and superb corn tortillas from a shop in Brooklyn, exclusive in Ithaca.  We had yellow fin tuna ceviche, grilled steak tacos with guacamole, flatbread pizza from the brick oven with huge shrimp and chili oil, and a vegan and gluten free quinoa stuffed poblano with cilantro pumpkin seed pesto.  This place is just about to open and it is going to be ROCKIN' when it does.  We haven't even tried the no-mix margaritas with real ingredients yet!  And they have a take out window.  Great atmosphere inside, very warm and earthy.  Can't wait to go back.
Agava does not deserve such good ratings. The food is mediocre, if not atrocious, here, and ridiculously overpriced for what you get. I have been here twice, both times with my husband and a group of friends. I just don't even know how to express HOW BAD the food is here, especially for what you pay for it. This is indicative of Ithaca dining in general, where people are fooled by ambience and buzz - it is a case of the emperor having new clothes but no clothes at all. The first time we went, I ordered a black bean burger, and it was incredibly bland - it just tasted like mushy beans. Not up to the hype at all. My husband ordered the Torta # 1 - that was also incredibly bland. The fries were soggy and, again, flavorless. One of our friends ordered the steak tacos, and had to remove the steak from the tacos because it was too tough to chew. Another friend got flatbread which was not filling enough - and she eats like a bird. The only person who liked the food got corn (and that's no longer on the menu). Also, it was corn - is it possible to screw that up? After repeated recommendations from various people, we went against our better judgment and decided to give Agava another chance. This time, my husband and I ordered from the Plates section of the menu. He ordered the shrimp fettucine, which had flavors that just tasted wrong together, yet somehow still managed to be bland. I had the Lil Shorty spare ribs, and I can tell you, this is NOT "Vietnamese-style". I have eaten Vietnamese food my entire life, and NEVER have I had anything so SALTY. In fact, I don't even think SALT can be as SALTY as this dish was. The vegetables were drenched with this DISGUSTINGLY SALTY sauce, and completely inedible. The meat, though tender, was, again, ruined by the SALT. It was like they had taken all the salt which they SHOULD have been using for all the bland food they make, and dumped it onto my plate. Our other friends ordered various items and were not overly impressed, especially given the prices of the menu items. I'm sorry, but $12 for a single 1.5" diameter crabcake that was "Okay", is way too much. I don't understand the reviews which say this restaurant is reasonably priced. If you were to compare the food here with the food at a similarly priced restaurant in NYC, San Francisco, or Los Angeles, the food in those cities would blow Agava out of the water (which, really, isn't hard to do). Run, don't walk away from this place. Ithaca needs better food, and this place is not helping.
A welcome  addition to Ithaca. Agava is owned by Ithaca Bakery folks and is in the old Coyote Loco location next to East Hill Plaza.  I've taken out of town guests here several times and they really enjoyed themselves. More upscale and pricier than other Ithaca Bakery/College Town Bagels dining options. Vegetarian friendly. Menu offers lots of small plates and shareable dishes.
A tale of 2 diverse experiences. We waited 45 minutes in the bar for a table on a Friday night. We were seated in the bar as we waited, being under 2 speakers mounted about 6 feet above our heads,  the general sound level was loud enough to make conversation impossible. We were promptly served drinks and ordered a flatbread appetizer. When the appetizer was served 30 minutes later a waiter tossed on our table in passing without slowing down. We now had a flatbread covered in melted butter and herbs and no plates, no napkins and no silverware. I stood in the 3 deep line at the bar for 5 minutes in an attempt to get a busy bartender's attention with no luck. I then went into the dining room and took napkins and silverware off of an empty table. We were then offered a table in the bar for dinner after 45 minutes and we declined due to the noise level. Rating for the service so far=1 star Finally seated and things quickly turned around. Our server, Emily was awesome and kind, the food was delicious, it is wonderful to eat "hand made" food that is not made in a factory somewhere else. The local beef was wonderful and full of flavor. I am happy to patronize a business that buys local and organic when possible. The ingredients were tasyy and well prepared. Dinner was 4 stars I would never return on a Friday or Saturday without a reservation!
Anywhere that serves brunch all the weekend is my kind of joint. That said, get the crabcake benedict or the veggie burger (one of the best in town). Charred is a great margarita. Just go with a group of pals or your best friend and linger by the wood fired oven (or the patio in summer).
Agava is probably some of the best food in Ithaca, and it comes at an incredibly cheap price. I've been back so many times, and it never disappoints. Free chips (or bread for brunch), cheap entrees, and good booze! Timing: This place fills up FAST after 6, and parking can be hard to find. Make a reservation if you're coming at peak hours, especially over the weekend. Appetizers: Their homemade guacamole is amazing, but I'd skip the Mary Jane Main courses: The sandwiches are ridiculously priced and very tasty - I love the black bean burger, burger, and caribe. The caribe is a bit spicy, but very good, and if you're not a fan of the specialty ketchup, you can substitute Heinz. The tacos are good but small compared to the rest of the menu, so stick with the other options if you want a good amount of food. The flatbreads are large and filling, and the salads are all very interesting and generous. Dessert: Their desserts are overall very good, but I'd avoid the chocolate tart, since it's about two spoons' worth. Booze: Their cocktails are all good, solid wine list, and $3 red sangria from 4-6pm!
I'm losing my patience with Agava.   Last night, one of the hostesses was unpleasant enough that it caused us to just leave without putting our names down to wait for a table.   The previous time, we went for lunch and it was fairly busy, but not packed.  Our server was inattentive and forgetful throughout our meal.  She never came back to check on us the food was mediocre at best -- I left most of it on the plate (although, I thought the house salad was good).   My husband's lunch was fine, but he was not thrilled with it. Not sure if we'll make another attempt...
What a fantastic place! This rivals some of the best, if not better, places in NYC. A great selection of Tequila and a well thought out menu with fresh flavors - a rarity among Mexican restaurants. I was new to the area and happened to look for a nice Mexican place and this one came up as the best! Thanks to Yelpers with truthful reviews it really lived up to my expectations. For those who remotely like Tex Mex, this is a must do. I would surely travel at least an hour to make it here.
Came to Ithaca and we looked up this restaurant randomly. It was delicious. the flatbread pizza is their specialty and I had one with mozzarella, truffle oil, and asparagus. It was great. My friend also had the flatbread pizza. And hers was also great. the pricing was very very reasonable for an awesome Friday night dinner. the drinks also great. Had a mojito with just enough mint. My fellow dinner mates had the fried fish tacos and a salad. All great reviews. Definitely recommend this place to go to with friends and family.
Great selection of beer
Great brunch experience.  Huge cup of very good coffee to start - then ordered the hash and eggs.  Always ask "Is it homemade?" -and when the answer is "Yes" - I get it - (sometimes will even get it when the answer is "No")!  Any way - the hash with big chucks of corned beef and potatos done in the oven in a black pan.  Very tasty - peppery blend.  Made the mistake of ordering the eggs "easy" - there was no runny yolk (should have gotten them "sunny".  Regardless a great, flavorful dish - highly recommended.
So after hearing all the hype and everyone from work telling me to try this place I did, and I was not impressed in the least. Let me start with the good though because there was some really high notes here: The street corn is amazing. I love Bobby Flay's corn from Mesa Grill, best corn ever and this comes pretty darn close to that! It is served as a whole corn-on-a-cob though which is okay, but I think should they have grilled it then taken the kernels off then mixed it with everything then it would have been a bit better but it was still amazing! The atmosphere is really quite nice and the servers are really nice. I like that they leave the water bottle at the table for your convenience, too many times do I go to a place and not get enough refills as I like and this was perfect. When you arrive they give you fresh chips and salsa and the salsa is pretty amazing! Now onto the bad: The prices are steep, really steep for what they are and would the meal have been better I wouldn't have complained. People who follow me know I am a burger guy, I love burgers so naturally the Agava Burger was my meal choice. The bun, was thin, so thin that it turned to moosh on the bottom when I was eating the burger as the burger was quite drippy. I ordered a medium rare burger but was brought a rare/ nearly raw in the middle burger which I am okay with eating but my friend ordered his medium and got medium rare/rare which he doesn't like though from experiences in the past I've learned to never have them take your food back, just eat it and move on with your life or just don't eat it. The burger itself had A LOT of flavor, was a good size and plenty juicy. but there were non toppings other than cheese. I was missing the fried onions that came on it and there was no tomato, lettuce or anything crunchy. I ended up putting some french fries on it and it balenced a little bit but it was just a pile of soft meat moosh with no crunch or anything to blence the texture. It was not a burger and in fact might scale down to the worst burger I've ever had because it was incomplete in my mind, though apparently this is how the burgers come. They could've done something like putting a poblano pepper on the burger or arugula or something because meat, cheese and a bun does not make even a slightly good burger. I was not the only one at the table who got the burger and they were not satisfied in the least as well. Also we paid $12 for the burger! Kilpatricks does it better for $8 and their fries are pretty bang-on if I do say so myself! The french fries, which as you know in my opinion MAKE the burger, were okay. They are shoestring fries which I don't mind but were a tab salty. Though the homemade ketchup was pretty amazing, and I hate ketchup. We also ordered one of their flatbreads, the Hot Buzz  one with blue cheese and chipotle chicken. The flat bread was so thin the crust became moosh. We couldn't even pick up a piece because it just flopped over. The crust and flavors were great but really? It was way too thin and we ended up eating it with a fork. Granted there are those who like it that way but flat bread and pizza to me, is a finger food and this was no finger food. My wife got the tacos, specifically the chicken tinga tacos. For $9 you get 3 regular corn tortillas with a spoonful, just one spoonful of chicken. nothing else. You get no sides (unless you order and pay for them) just 3 small "soft" tacos. The thing that was the worst though was that after getting the check, we waited 23 minutes (yes we counted) for them to take my credit card. The manager who gave us our check walked by 5 times, even made eye contact with me twice, and just walked right by. Our waitress who had disappeared earlier in the night (I guess the manager took over) came by and was curious that we were even still there saying she thought the manager had taken care of us! Needless to say I will not be going back here. The service is way too slow, the food mediocre for the price which is way too high for what this place is. I understand trying to cater to a higher standard and charging for it but make your food worth the money.
Agava is a great place for drinks and apps.  The chips and salsa are great and the quinoa fritters and flat bread are pretty good as well! On Wednesdays the late night trivia is a lot of fun especially during the nice weather when it is out on the patio.  On Fridays and Saturdays they also have live music beginning at 10p. This is pretty much where the good stops.  The entrees are not very imaginative despite their claim, tend to be over powering of one flavor, and are pricey for what they are.  The desserts are just plain bad.  The portions are extremely small and tasteless.
In a town with so many great restaurants, this place is just alright. It definitely has some upsides -- nutella flatbread pizza (SO GOOD), but it also definitely has some downsides -- pork tacos (they call these tacos? they were scarcely tacos). But for the most part it is just alright. Service is nothing to write home about. There are pretty generous portions of rich food for breakfast, but it doesn't have great endurance. Coffee is quite good, but the food, especially things that are supposed to be their staple (also huevos rancheros) are just mediocre. Not bad, but there are definitely better options in this great food town.
I've since been back to Agava several times and it's been very inconsistent. Last night it was truly disappointing. I ordered a flatbread with white beans, mushroom, and spinach, and it was awful. Tasteless dough that was watery on top and burnt on bottom (not that nice fire-kissed char--actually burnt), limp spinach, oversalted beans. To make things worse, our waiter was unfriendly and rushed us through our meal, even though the restaurant was only half-full. He brought us the check as soon as we put our forks down, not bothering to ask whether we wanted anything else. We had planned to order another round of drinks--his loss, I guess. Hopefully this was just an off night for Agava, as I liked it in the past. But given my mediocre experiences there the past few times and the bad dinner last night, I don't think I'll be eager to go back.
In an act of desperation, my boyfriend used Foursquare to find a restaurant for us while we were staying in Ithaca for the weekend. We found this gem on Saturday night (Establishments seem to close early outside of NYC). AND because we checked in on Foursquare, we got free sangrias (red or white: Red was better). The food was pretty delicious too! Our favorites were the lamb meatball appetizers (with pine nuts!) and the Lone Ranger tacos (steak). The catfish one was eh. It needed more seasonings or something to give it oomph. The kitchen ran out of ceviche after we ordered so they comped our Strawberry shortcake dessert (it has another name that escapes me at the moment). It was perfectly light and just sweet enough. Great service too. Very cool spot overall. The outdoor patio was really casual but still romantic. Definitely a great date spot.
pros: Im a fan of the atmosphere, the staff and the selection cons: the food has been A-ok so far.  Slightly bland.
Well back to two stars. My wife and I had a meeting on east hill and did not have the time to go far, so she said lets go to Agava.  I agreed... sigh... We got in and were attacked right away for drink orders (we were still standing), we said give us a minute to sit down first.  Guess our waitress did not like that as she did not return until 16 minutes later (we were in a hurry so we were paying attention to the time). We ordered some over priced guacamole and the fried chicken. As we waited and ate our guac (which was good).  The people right next to us got their food (he had some beef thing) and promptly called the waitress over as the meat was cold.  I kinda chuckled to my wife saying why did we come here... Minutes later our fried chicken came out.  It had a bunch of fries mounded around it.  The fries were good as long as you did not get the ones at the bottom which were soggy in a not so tasty vinegar sauce. We split the chicken and bit in.  First bite was ok, but it was downhill from there.  Once you got past the warm thin coating the actual chicken was luke warm to cold. I was eating the drum and near the bone was just cold chicken, we cut the breast and felt the inside and it was all cold. It was all completely cooked, the obviously precook these and just drop them in the fryer enough to coat them but not heat them. So I do enjoy a nice cold fried chicken picnic, maybe at a park by the lake.  And maybe if they said on the menu, cold fried chicken, I might have been ok with it.  But It was not what I was expecting nor was it what I think they were trying to serve and the meal just feel apart from there. As much as I wanted to like Agava I think we need to part ways.
Finally a legit Mexican restaurant in Ithaca! The Decor was modern and trendy. Their draft bottle and cocktail selection was awesome. I personally suggest the Kentucky Mule. When we sat at the table they gave us a jar of water but the water glasses were the size of rocks glasses. Kind of weird. The service was not that good but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt that it's a brand-new restaurant and they were very busy. I feel that overtime the service will get better with training. The wages explained that they were "kind of Tapas" which all that really meant was they bring everyone's food out when it's ready at different times. The food itself was really good. It's not your traditional Mexican menu. Not burritos tacos etc.... They do offer tacos  but they also offer chicken entrées and amazing brick oven woodfired Pizza. TheRita was the best! Smokey and full of flavor. We all shared and had a great time. I highly recommend this place. I wouldn't exactly say it is high-end but it's definitely not you're boring middle-of-the-road Mexican restaurant!
AGAVA may actually have taken the #1 spot on my Ithaca restaurant list. I came here on graduation weekend and had an amazing meal with my boyfriend (the graduate!), including drinks and dessert. He had a beer, I had a great classic margarita. They bring out fresh tortilla chips and salsa before your meal, which we of course loved. For dinner, we sampled a bunch of small plates and an entree. The pan-seared scallops in brown butter with capers (soooo delicious), the "farrotto" (good, but not great), the chupacabra flatbread (with bacon, mushrooms, etc. -- easily the best part of the meal), and "L'il Shorty" which was Vietnamese short rib (also good). Tres leches and flourless chili-chocolate torte for dessert were both so, so delicious. Coupled with excellent service and really interesting, creative decor, this place is a winner. It's definitely a little expensive for me, and the portions for many of the small plates are miniscule, but if you're not eating the entire restaurant like we were, it's doable. If you want big portions, try the flatbreads -- they're huge. Overall, very impressed by AGAVA.
Just delicious! Fast, friendly & makes me feel good to support local farms and vintners. Superb food and great service. They were packed and we were attended to, and served promptly.
Went here on Fathers Day for dinner. Was seated promptly and the waitress came by quickly. Ordered the albóndigas (wood oven roasted local lamb meatballs, tomato sauce, aged parmesan) and the hot buzz flatbread (grilled chicken, local honey, chipotle, tomato, blue cheese). The meatballs were good but the flat bread was disgustingly delicious. The honey was a great addition to the food and made it great. The tres leche dessert was good but probably the most unexciting thing we ate. The only complaint is that the wait staff is clearly inexperienced. We were given someone else's food not once, but twice. All in all I would definitely recommend giving Agava a shot.
I had a mediocre experience here.  The pita/hummus was light on the pita, and the wife thought that there was to much sauce on the hummus.     I had the lobster mac and cheese.  My lobster was slightly over cooked, mostly good.  The cheese sauce was a bit bland.  Nothing to write home about.     The wife had ceviche.  I thought it was pretty good.     A friend of ours ordered a side of black beans which was crazy salty, indelibly so.  I'm not sure if he was charge for them or not.  His main course was darn good and I think the rest of the table had a pretty good experience... until we looked at the bottle of water we had all been refilling from.  The inside of the bottle was caked with what at first appeared to be hard water residue, but after holding up to the light revealed darker bits of food particles.  Not good.      I ended the meal with a coffee, which was weak tasting but served in generous portion.     Service was good with hostess, no direct interaction with bartender other than a quick hello, and our server didn't come off as happy.
Great food, nice twist on mexican cuisine.  SOmething for everyone here.  I am on a restricted diet but have no trouble finding great things to eat. Make reservations ahead.  Can be a bit noisy but it is a festive atmosphere.  Our servers have always been knowledgeable and extremely hardworking.
Went there on a pretty crowded Saturday evening with two friends and there was a bit of a wait.  While we were waiting, a waiter walked by and offered us free flatbread and later a waitress came by with chips for us to enjoy while we waited. I had their carnitas tacos (the "Padre") and I think they were perhaps the best carnitas I've had since moving from California :D
Agava is a welcome new place in a great location. Being near my aging mother's house, it makes an easy place to go when we are visiting, they were very helpful and patient with my mom. The food was good to excellent, we ended up coming back three days for lunch plus Sunday for brunch, a few dishes missed the mark, but overall I would recommend Agava to anyone. The noise level is a challenge, the room is tall and full of hard surfaces, so once it gets busy, conversation is impossible, even with the person next to you. Our experiences also varied with servers.  Three out of four times, we had excellent attentive friendly servers and everything went smoothly, one of the four trips we had a surly server and the things did not go well, after spending many years in the restaurant business, I can say for sure, this bad experience was due to the server's inability to manage the pace of her tables. So, four stars instead of five because of a few lackluster dishes, and one bad server.
The food here is very hit or miss. This is kind of what I think viva was going for with their restaurant only this place sort of succeeds. The ideas are creative, but some of the dishes lack flavor. I really disliked the asian/mexican fusion short rib dish; it was just bland. The carnitas tacos were tasty but nothing special. The drinks were fantastic though and I liked the decor/vibe a lot.
Agava really blew me away. Great food for a great price. My boyfriend and I split the scallops and mary jane to start. They were both excellent, especially for the price. This was after we finished our chips and salsa, which we both also really enjoyed. For our entrees, I got the black bean burger and my boyfriend got the beef burger. He said it was some of the most tender beef he had ever tasted, and I could tell it was cooked perfectly. Although he wasn't a huge fan of the specialty ketchup, I thought it was interesting. I LOVED the black bean burger. I was able to substitute a salad for the fries, but I also sampled some of my boyfriend's fries. I really enjoyed both. The only "good" rather than "great" part of the meal was the flourless chili chocolate cake for me. Maybe this is because it had a pecan crust, and I am not a fan of pecans. Either way, it was good, but just not my favorite. The bill came out to around $45 for all of that! We couldn't believe we got so much great food for such a reasonable price. While the staff was slightly overwhelmed, this was really due to the fact the place was packed. I wouldn't hold it against them, and I think they'll get more used to it with time. I'd DEFINITELY recommend trying this out when in Ithaca.
I've been twice for dinner, and I have been fairly underwhelmed both times. It's one of those places that I really want to like. Really. And i'm glad someone is filling the southwestern food niche in Ithaca, but they need to work on the execution. So far I've had the: ceviche - (so far the best thing i've had here. Nothing groundbreaking, but had good flavor, light, tasted fresh, a little spicy. I believe they change the ceviche daily), wings, beef short ribs, and their bacon clam special. With the exception of the ceviche, everything seemed far too heavy handed with the salt. Particularly with the short ribs, it was difficult to taste anything past the salt. With the wings and the clams you expect it to be a little heavy on the sodium, so while it may not have been to my taste...sure i'll them a passing grade. But with the short ribs, unacceptable. I also ordered a side of black beans and rice to go with my clams. Don't order the black beans and rice. It is exactly what you would make yourself at home in 10 minutes. And not in the good homey way.   The environment is nice, and the service is really good (very friendly/helpful/attentive/etc). I'm likely to give them another shot, but when I do I'll probably avoid the full entrees and opt for something simpler like the burgers or tacos. Farm-to-table ingredients is always a noble move, but if you're going to do it, just let the ingredients shine. I think they can do better.
We chose to spend our very last night in Ithaca having dinner at Agava after hearing both word-of-mouth suggestions and on Yelp....and it was a great decision! The atmosphere:  Inviting, contemporary space (think reclaimed wood walls, cozy furniture).  Two rooms for dining, and the patio looked nice too (but we dined inside).  Bar is expanse with many choices and inviting to sit at if you choose. Service:  Wonderful all night! Everyone we encountered was gracious and polite.  The best part is that the waiter could answer all the questions we had about the menu and the terminology. Food: Great!  My boyfriend had the Agava burger, which was huge and too much to finish (and of course was delicious).  I had the fish tacos...they were a little watery (I think because of the salsa, but that's okay) but the fish was fresh and tasty. Could have use a little bit more seasoning.  We split the spinach flatbread for an appetizer and it was awesome!  Perfectly done and tasted wonderful. Sad to say I don't know the next time I'll be in the Ithaca area, but if you are... go!  It's also a refreshing drive out to East Ithaca, rather than the crowded bustle of the commons.
Fresh food.  Great options for all tastes, including vegetarians.  Place was mobbed due to Cornell Graduation, despite this, service was excellent. The flatbreads were excellent, as is the tequila menu.  And the sotol flight was a great touch.
My new favorite Ithaca restaurant. Location is the only thing that keeps it from being 6 stars out of 5, but once I get over having to drive to it & sit down to the menu, all is well. Perfect balance of creative, accessible & gluten-free kid friendly. Will be back many times...
Was visiting some friends and decided to try this new restaurant that wasn't there last time I was in town. I actually didn't want to go, because I live in California and couldn't imagine the food could be as good as the Southwest cuisine out here. But after one dinner (and brunch the next day) this is probably my favorite Ithaca restaurant. Del mar taco and And wild salman were both fantastic, and the eggs benidicto the next day as perfect. Great beer list, too. BONUS: the Ithaca mayor was dining there, so quasi-celebrity siting.
I don't get the rave reviews. First meal was a good brunch -- peach pancakes were pretty decent. I have had 3 meals since, each with serious flaws. 1) OVER cooked tuna after the waitress assured me it would be rare to medium rare. 2) DISGUSTING ceviche. Seriously - I think there was a spill into my dish. 3) Everything bland. I live close by and cannot seem to crave a single item on the menu. I'd rather eat leftovers at home. Next, service is a problem. The worst was an inexperienced wait staff unsure of menu items. One waitress was rude to my kids (who kept devouring the chips and salsa, and then asking for more). She looked at me and with an almost angry voice informed me that we would have to start paying for it (as if it was coming out of her paycheck). I told her to bring it, to keep it coming, and to charge me whatever she felt like was fair. So I guess maybe brunch is better than dinner??? Dinner consistently B.A.D.
I've been there a couple times. THe atmosphere is great and the drinks are fantastic and the food is fun. I love that there is an organic and farm to table focus. The quinoa fritters are amazing.  I'd say the guacamole is ok - nothing special. Liked the huevos rancheros for breakfast and the jam. I do wish there were more vegetarian options and maybe some nachos, but all in all this place is good and it is a wonderful addition to Ithaca dining.
Very nice atmosphere. I really enjoyed the overall theme. The day I went, they had a really cool folk band(it was a couple playing guitar, and one singing) playing that I loved. The food was great, but the waiter was a little awkward. She lingered around our table as if we were doing something wrong. Very odd.
Lesli S hits the nail on the head. Solid food, great service, nice place (nice inside; the outside of the building is meh, though we didn't see the patio). But the guacamole is disappointing. Sometimes at home we make it with just lime/lemon juice and salt... and the Agava guac isn't even that bold. Try some spice, folks--or at least some salt and citrus! We were with a group, but if it had been just my wife and me, I'd have dumped all the salsa in. The stuffed chile (their version of a relleno, but WAY healthier) is darned good, as are their wings, quinoa fritters, and ceviche apps. Oh, and the chicken entree was super. Overall, glad we ate there.
Fantastic food! I had the blackened shrimp Fettuccini Alfredo. A glass of the Zynthesis (not my best pairing, but fabulously delicious!) went well with the mussels, Mary Jane appetizer, and salsa that the table split. Well worth a second trip- bring friends, it's that kind of atmosphere.
Stopped in for dinner after a day of wine tasting. Good beer selection. Had magic hat stout, and Wagner valley coffee porter, loved them both. For starters we tried the cauliflower app. It was not bad, but basically just roasted cauliflower. Butternut squash ferro was very good. Lamb burger for dinner was very good. I could not imagine the combination, but enjoyed it very much.
I've been here twice for dinner with friends. Atmosphere is lively, colorful and fun. Mostly Southwestern fare is very good but they also served grilled perch and duck. I tried the veggie main course: stuffed poblano pepper with quinoa but found it fell short. There wasn't enough quinoa (hey, Agava, if someone is eating vegetarian, we still need to fill up) which is the protein portion of the dish. I finished it before my friends finished their tacos and duck and was still hungry. Thankfully, they brought more (free) chips and salsa. Still, it's a nice place and I'll probably go again. They have an outdoor patio (with heaters for colder weather), a nice bar area with tables and a main dining room. The first time I went, the margaritas tasted virgin. The second time, I ordered one at the bar and watched the bartender as he poured the tequila. This time it had more kick.
Color me disappointed.  Agava did not live up to any expectation we had.  We were in town for the weekend and staying nearby.  After viewing the menu online, my husband and I were excited.  Here was a reasonably priced place that appeared to have a variety of bold and exciting dishes. We should have known from the moment we started on the chips and salsa that we didn't have a good night ahead of us.  The salsa had _absolutely_ no salt.  Bland as could possibly be.  But being brave souls, we trudged on. For starters, we split the corn and crab soup and the cheese plate.  The soup came first, and while it was being carried to the table, appeared to come in a fair sized bowl.  Unfortunately, when it actually arrived, it was only 1/4 full.  Now, I'm all for the creative use of plating, but when your oversized plates make you look more like a cheapskate, it's time to rethink your strategy.  Worse, it was runny, the chunks of crab meat stuck out like sore thumbs. On to the cheese plate.  Four mini slices of bread as thin as ladies' hosiery.  A few assorted slices of cheese and one very large bulb of roasted garlic, draped in flavorless raspberry jam that was spread in what I can only imagine the cook thought was an artful manner.  Avoid this dish, it wasn't worth it. Main course was referred to as "The Deluxe" sandwich.  What we were supposed to get was a house special carnita sandwich with pickled onions and slaw on a crispy baguette.  What we got was puled pork swimming in grease on a smallish, soggy roll and, again, it featured absolutely no flavor.  If the sauce on the side had any redeeming qualities, it did have flavor.  Just mostly the flavor of vinegar.  The "hand-cut homemade fries" on the side were limp and stringy, and their homemade ketchup tasted like canned tomatoes with sugar with no other discernible flavor. Finally, and worst, because it lasted the entire night, was out waitress' attitude.  No smiles, no suggestions, no nothing.  I'm not looking for small talk when I go out to eat, but a word of advice: when you ask "do ya need anything else?!" after the entrees have arrived, try not to sound like you're daring me not to ask, or else! Take my advice, and find some real Mexican cuisine, and leave this overpriced, disappointing "Southwest-Inspired" knockoff to those who are more interested in Margaritas then Molé.
The host, whose name is Andrew, is smashingly handsome.
Womp womp. My friends and I were so excited to try the burger because we heard great things and left so disappointed. We came on our lunch hour which was a huge mistake, as it took 40 minutes for our burgers to make it to the table. yikes. The burgers, though all were under cooked, were really tasty. Add a side of a sad pile of burnt shoe string fries and you have a $15 lunch.  Sadly, we will not be returning customers.
The place is unassuming from the outside but the decor on the inside is pleasant.  The atmosphere is nice, and the food looks good on your plate. Other than the bread and strawberry jam that came with our brunch, the food itself was pretty bland.  Was an interesting experience but would not go again.
They keep me coming back. I'm wanting to discover that 5 star dish but have not found one yet. Coffee is pretty good I must say.
Surprisingly good.
LOVED!  This place!  A really unique menu.  I had the Jerry salad with tofu and the pickled veggies (they had a kick)!  My mom had the Casa salad with shrimp and the roasted cauliflower.  The cauliflower was amazing!  Loved the interior of this place too, a great vibe.  We will be back!
Thank you for opening. Ithaca has needed you. Great burgers- bean and beef. The specials are spot-on, so far. Seriously good drinks and bar. No complaints. Staff is friendly, the kitchen and restaurant are run like they mean it.
I came for lunch and had the carnitas tacos.  I loved that each taco was piled with GUAC!  The white corn tortilla was yummy.  The only thing I didn't like about the tacos was that the carnitas were soooo greasy.  I had grease dripping from the tacos and down my hands.  My mom had the chorizo flatbread and my dad had the shortrib sandwhich and they both liked their food as well.  I'm glad we tried this place!
We eat here a lot because of its convenient location. After seeing Coyote Loco and Olivia's cycle through, it looked like this was destined to become a bank, so we were delighted when a restaurant opened up instead. We were here the first week, and have eaten here at least once a month since then. At first the food was good (except for the extremely undercooked creme brulee for desert which they apologized for), but the service was completely off and they were insisting they were "tapas style" and so could justify bringing things in any order (burger before tortilla soup appetizer, etc). That has been mostly worked out and the largest problem here now is avoiding the crowds as it simply isn't good enough to wait for a table. My favorites are the Rita or Just the Tip flatbreads and the Lone Ranger tacos (although those vary in quality and can be very dried out). The best meal I've had here was sitting at the pizza counter, with the cook offering free samples of his favorites. Some nice cocktails. Very good salsa. Inconsistent food.
Great atmosphere, great food made with fresh ingredients. I've had the black bean burger, "deluxe" sandwich, stuffed poblano pepper, and some sort of egg flatbread for brunch. All were very tasty ..  Agava is my new go-to!
My dining companion and I visited yesterday (July 4, 2012) for lunch.  This was our third visit.  We were once again greeted and seated promptly and pleasantly by the hostess.  We sat outside, protected from the sun, on the patio, though it was such a hot day, the air conditioning INSIDE might have been nice too. Our waiter, Daniel, came directly along with our menus, and info about the daily specials. He brought us an on-the-house basket of fresh house-fried tortilla chips and the salsa of the day. With chips at hand, we were able to come to some decisions from the extensive lunch menu. We ate: quinoa fritters ($6 for 4 generously sized, golden, deep-fried  nuggets with a slightly spicy aioli and salsa fresca on the side)  We both decided that we could actually have made a wonderful lunch from 1/2 serving of those and one of Agava's fresh, locally sourced salads. BUT we didn't! I ordered the Yellow-Fin Tuna plate ($20).  The tuna was chile-rubbed & grilled perfectly to my specs., and served with a watercress, grilled pineapple, avocado, and  orange salad with a garlic-soy vinaigrette.  It was light, citrus-y with the perfect amount of saltiness and so generous, that I bought 1/2 of my tuna home and ate it today.  Chosen from the  generous list of draft beers,  I paired my lunch with an icy cold, Pyramid Heffeweisen. My partner enjoyed the Li'l Shorty Plate ( $18) A beer & chile-braised Vietnamese-style beef short rib, watercress, radish, pickled chile, tomato, fish sauce)  I begged a taste and found it exceptionally tender, well-spiced but not hot and beautifully composed.  She enjoyed a Green Flash West Coast  IPA from draft (highly recommended by Daniel) which stood up to the beef very well.  Her portions were also very generous and she was able to bring home 1/2 for lunch today. Things I consider pluses: Vegan & vegetarian eaters can enjoy eating here/ Lots of good parking/ Extensive wine list/ interesting, original cocktails/ Friendly staff/ very clean, well-stocked and funky restrooms/ kids menu/ wonderful weekend brunch/ To-Go menu/  local farm-to-table restaurant/ wonderful, generous portions at decent prices. Only thing I consider a minus: The rattan place mats that they're using don't seem to clean up very well. I think they should replace all of them with a more "clean-able" version. I noticed yesterday that they may be working on that issue. I gave it a 4 ONLY for this reason.
Food's pretty good. Service is REALLY SLOW. If you go for dinner, even on a slow night, plan on it taking about 2 hours.
Mid-day Saturday meal.  Surprised that they had a brunch only menu on a Saturday afternoon, but it turned out to be a pleasant surprise, as the food and service were both exceptional.  Unfortunately, restaurant was very, very cold inside, but, we left the coats on and dug in.  Shrimp and grits were on par with the best that I've had in Louisiana - smoky, spicy, warming, delicate melding of wonderful flavors.  Learned from the server that the chef had LA training - it shows with great food.  My wife had the flat bread with bleu cheese and chicken.  She didn't care for it, but I thought it was very pleasant.  She was happy to split the S&G with me and she loved it, too ..... Menu was interesting and the preparation was very well done.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend or revisit.  Hope that you enjoy it as well!
Went here on Saturday and loved it! I had the Lone Ranger (steak) taco and the beau had the Agava Burger.  We absolutely loved the food.  The server comes over with a serving of chips and salsa and your menus so that you can munch while you decide what to have for dinner.  Prior to eating, the server warned us that the salsa had just been made that day so it was spicy.  I spoke up and pointed out that it would definitely be way too hot for me so he brought out a second salsa that I could enjoy.  The chips could have used a tiny bit more salt but the salsa was delicious.  The beau who loves spicy had a couple bites of the spicy salsa then steared clear of it.  Too much kick for him but he was very happy to munch away on the less spicy salsa while waiting for our food.  Sidenote: The serving size we got was just enough for two people.  Be forwarned though: its not an endless bowl.  While the second set of salsa was gratis because I wouldn't have touched the super spicy one (hence the servers initial warning), had we wanted any more than our first serving there would have been an additional (but fair) charge.   Onto the main courses!  For the steak taco, the ratio of meat to toppings was perfect and the proportions were perfectly meal sized-not so much that you need a doggie bag but not so little that you were left hungry.  For the burger, well, I think I'll be getting the side of fries every time I come in.  They are more like the 'frites' you get at the fancy French restaurants and were served with a homemade ketchup.  OMG am I in love with those fries.  And I'm hoping that they eventually sell the ketchup.  Or I will need to learn how to make it like they do because it was amazing.  The beau made sure to eat them up quickly because I was starting to make a pretty decent dent in them...  And then there was the burger.  Mmm mmm good.  The beau rates it as the best burger in town at the moment (that used to be Jack's but then they changed the recipe-or at least that is what it seems like.  Something changed there and he did not appreciate it). Needless to say, we'll be back to try more of the menu.  I'm defintely looking forward to my next trip up to Ithaca! ps. Service was just attentive enough.  Our waiter was extremely friendly but just didn't stop by as often as it might happen at another restaurant.  He was there at all the right times so that is what counts, right?
Best guacamole ever! Service was fine tho the place was mobbed. Excellent fusion shortribs dish.The house salsa is very hot!!! -- please, guys, make one for the rest of us, OK? Mixta Salad gets a mixta reveiw from me: the greens were not particularly interesting; the dressing was not oily, for which I was grateful as that is a common mistake, but it was blah, boring, nothing to it, and using queso cheese, although authentic, added to the overall why-bother quality of the thing. (Note to chef: go visit Magnolia in Rochester, and order salad; you will become inspired.)
One of the top casual restaurants in Ithaca.  Excellent food, great beer selection, generous portions.  Terrific burger, good fish, tasty sugar snaps.  Our server was a little space-y, but decent.
Thought it was awesome, but I'm still a fan of Viva.  Agava is not just Mexican though. Great atmosphere and cool seating arrangements.  And I really liked that they offered a variety of dishes, like hamburgers, pizzas, and salads.
I've been twice, both times for dinner. The food was good, and the service was good. We ordered a large variety of dishes, from appetizers to dessert. But there was one oddity: the guacamole was nondescript, under-seasoned and flavorless. It surprised me that a place advertised as Southwestern would have mediocre guac. Other than that, though, I liked the food, and we'll go back.
I've been to Agava a few times now since they've opened, and I've enjoyed it every time. We usually split some of their tacos, an appetizer, and we each get a margarita. I am partial to their char version, which is salty and smokey with a delicious smoked salt rim and some awesome mescal. This is not some frozen watered down Chevy's margarita, but rather a delicious drink for adults. They do a wonderful job with their braised greens tacos, though the braised green side can be really over salted. This summer they had a really great heirloom tomato side that was simple but awesome. For appetizers, they do a fantastic seared scallop which has been cooked perfectly both times I've had it. My absolute favorite thing so far has been the pork carnitas tacos, which were perfectly seasoned (a rarity in Ithaca's southwest options). One thing that could really set them over the top would be a house hot sauce or something like that. If not, then I would have like more hot sauce options. I was disappointed that they didn't have either Tapatio or Cholula, but rather something that I hadn't heard of before for a hot sauce option. Their option was ok, but it wasn't nearly as flavorful as either of those and was more of a pure heat hot sauce. Their ambiance is great for going out with a group of friends for a few drinks, dinner, or even just snacks. It is probably a little loud for a good date spot, and I probably wouldn't want to take children there. The service is unremarkable, which in my mind is a good thing. Overall, this is a great place with good, solid food, some absolute gems on the menu, good drinks, nice atmosphere, and it fits a missing niche in the Ithaca restaurant scene.
I went here with two friends for dinner on a Friday evening. Agava seems to specialize in Southwestern-esque dishes. The outside of the place makes it appear deceptively small. I had a pork carnita sandwich and a Havasu Michelada, my friends had mixed drinks, a fettuccine dish and a burger. None of us had any complaints regarding the food. My sandwich was moist and the vegetables fresh, the fries served alongside it were shoestrings and decent quality, and the salsa and chips were a nice touch, though the lower chips appeared to be bathed in grease, so we avoided them. As for the drinks the Havasu Michelada was something that shocked my tastebuds, being a combination of beer, lime juice and a fair amount of hot sauce. I ended up having to fight it down with the rest of the beer that came with the drink, it was potent, but probably not something I would drink again. The other mixed drinks were not too weak nor overpowering. Although it was mostly occupied (~80% of tables I'd wager), service was attentive and courteous. Prices were a little high, but overall it was a quality experience. Would come here again.
Our large party with children had an excellent dinner at Agava. The daily special cod was scrumptious, as were the beef tacos and pan seared chicken. We also had several kinds of margaritas, coffee and desert (chili chocolate cake, creme broulet). All around we were extremely happy with the food, service, and atmosphere.
I went to Agava for the first time this afternoon. I was immediately taken with the decor- it's modern, sleek, and all around impressive. We (a party of 3) were seated immediately, and given water and chips and salsa. The salsa was absolutely delicious, the chips were meh, nothing special. We ordered the quinoa fritters and street corn for an appetizer. It took a pretty long time for the food to make it out, but it was hot when we got it, so no fault to the waitress (who we all noted was busting her butt, covering tons of tables- perhaps they were understaffed?) Both appetizers were delicious, though the street corn was initially forgotten, and we had finished the fritters before our server realized the corn hadn't been brought out to us. I ordered the black bean burger. The flavor was good, but it was texturally monotonous. They should put a slaw or some veggies on it to add some variety. The fries were good if you ate them quickly, but they're too thin to let sit around, as they got greasy and droopy after a few minutes. My companions got the fish tacos, and a lamb burger. I tried the tacos, and they were good (I wish they had put the slaw and pico de gallo on my burger). The fish was nothing special, just breaded and fried. I did not try the lamb burger, but my companion said it was very good. All in all, the service was a bit slow (though I think the blame is on the kitchen, and not enough waitstaff), and the food was pretty good. I'd definitely like to go back to try some other menu items.
One of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. I've eaten in 3rd world countries and haven't had an experience as bad as this one. The huge, main reason this was such a terrible experience was the flies/fruit flies. The second my platter came, my date and I were swarmed by flies around our food, diving inside our salsa and tacos.  I had to ask for our food to be wrapped up and for my check literally 3 minutes into our meal. One, if not the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. On top of this, it's extremely loud.  You can hardly hear/talk to the person across the small table from you. Finally, the food my date ordered was TERRIBLE.  She's a vegetarian, so she ordered the Vegan Victory (something like that) and the tofu literally tasted flavorless and awful.  I tried it myself and felt myself gag. The reasoning for the flies? Our waitress said apparently they have lots of composts because they're "going green". For a good cause, but makes for a terrible customer experience.
I had high hopes when I entered this newer southwest inspired restaurant. Unfortunately I was greeted by a hostess staring down at papers, clearly distracted and overwhelmed, and who let me stand awkwardly in front of the hostess stand without saying a word..and then FINALLY when she said hello-she muttered 45 minutes and stared back at me with a blank, dense expression. I'm confused? Did she say hi to me and I missed it? Darling, you're in the world of customer service..put a friggen smile on and greet me. Fortunately enough for my night out--I'd say the phenomenal flatbread here made up for the hostess. I'd go back..and walk straight to the bar.
This place is definitely the default place that my friends and I go to when we can't decide where to go.  The food here is so good and their flatbread is delicious.  I recommend the frozen margarita and the tuna tostada there.  I usually (75% of the time) get the green flatbread because I'm lactose-intolerant and it has been a great staple.
Yes!  Finally, Ithaca has a spot to get delicious Mexican food.  It's not authentic Mexican or Baja style, but it's very very good.  The drink menu is superb and very creative.  The menu changes often and features local fare.  It's been full every time I've gone for both lunch and dinner, so I know I'm not alone in my adoration for this fantastic eatery!  Thank you, Agave,  I've been praying you'd come!
Food is handcrafted, carefully selected by an experienced chef.  Many items on the menu are locally sourced (like meats from Autumns Harvest) and superb corn tortillas from a shop in Brooklyn, exclusive in Ithaca.  We had yellow fin tuna ceviche, grilled steak tacos with guacamole, flatbread pizza from the brick oven with huge shrimp and chili oil, and a vegan and gluten free quinoa stuffed poblano with cilantro pumpkin seed pesto.  This place is just about to open and it is going to be ROCKIN' when it does.  We haven't even tried the no-mix margaritas with real ingredients yet!  And they have a take out window.  Great atmosphere inside, very warm and earthy.  Can't wait to go back.
A welcome  addition to Ithaca. Agava is owned by Ithaca Bakery folks and is in the old Coyote Loco location next to East Hill Plaza.  I've taken out of town guests here several times and they really enjoyed themselves. More upscale and pricier than other Ithaca Bakery/College Town Bagels dining options. Vegetarian friendly. Menu offers lots of small plates and shareable dishes.
Anywhere that serves brunch all the weekend is my kind of joint. That said, get the crabcake benedict or the veggie burger (one of the best in town). Charred is a great margarita. Just go with a group of pals or your best friend and linger by the wood fired oven (or the patio in summer).
I'm losing my patience with Agava.   Last night, one of the hostesses was unpleasant enough that it caused us to just leave without putting our names down to wait for a table.   The previous time, we went for lunch and it was fairly busy, but not packed.  Our server was inattentive and forgetful throughout our meal.  She never came back to check on us the food was mediocre at best -- I left most of it on the plate (although, I thought the house salad was good).   My husband's lunch was fine, but he was not thrilled with it. Not sure if we'll make another attempt...
Came to Ithaca and we looked up this restaurant randomly. It was delicious. the flatbread pizza is their specialty and I had one with mozzarella, truffle oil, and asparagus. It was great. My friend also had the flatbread pizza. And hers was also great. the pricing was very very reasonable for an awesome Friday night dinner. the drinks also great. Had a mojito with just enough mint. My fellow dinner mates had the fried fish tacos and a salad. All great reviews. Definitely recommend this place to go to with friends and family.
Great brunch experience.  Huge cup of very good coffee to start - then ordered the hash and eggs.  Always ask "Is it homemade?" -and when the answer is "Yes" - I get it - (sometimes will even get it when the answer is "No")!  Any way - the hash with big chucks of corned beef and potatos done in the oven in a black pan.  Very tasty - peppery blend.  Made the mistake of ordering the eggs "easy" - there was no runny yolk (should have gotten them "sunny".  Regardless a great, flavorful dish - highly recommended.
Agava is a great place for drinks and apps.  The chips and salsa are great and the quinoa fritters and flat bread are pretty good as well! On Wednesdays the late night trivia is a lot of fun especially during the nice weather when it is out on the patio.  On Fridays and Saturdays they also have live music beginning at 10p. This is pretty much where the good stops.  The entrees are not very imaginative despite their claim, tend to be over powering of one flavor, and are pricey for what they are.  The desserts are just plain bad.  The portions are extremely small and tasteless.
I've since been back to Agava several times and it's been very inconsistent. Last night it was truly disappointing. I ordered a flatbread with white beans, mushroom, and spinach, and it was awful. Tasteless dough that was watery on top and burnt on bottom (not that nice fire-kissed char--actually burnt), limp spinach, oversalted beans. To make things worse, our waiter was unfriendly and rushed us through our meal, even though the restaurant was only half-full. He brought us the check as soon as we put our forks down, not bothering to ask whether we wanted anything else. We had planned to order another round of drinks--his loss, I guess. Hopefully this was just an off night for Agava, as I liked it in the past. But given my mediocre experiences there the past few times and the bad dinner last night, I don't think I'll be eager to go back.
pros: Im a fan of the atmosphere, the staff and the selection cons: the food has been A-ok so far.  Slightly bland.
Finally a legit Mexican restaurant in Ithaca! The Decor was modern and trendy. Their draft bottle and cocktail selection was awesome. I personally suggest the Kentucky Mule. When we sat at the table they gave us a jar of water but the water glasses were the size of rocks glasses. Kind of weird. The service was not that good but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt that it's a brand-new restaurant and they were very busy. I feel that overtime the service will get better with training. The wages explained that they were "kind of Tapas" which all that really meant was they bring everyone's food out when it's ready at different times. The food itself was really good. It's not your traditional Mexican menu. Not burritos tacos etc.... They do offer tacos  but they also offer chicken entrées and amazing brick oven woodfired Pizza. TheRita was the best! Smokey and full of flavor. We all shared and had a great time. I highly recommend this place. I wouldn't exactly say it is high-end but it's definitely not you're boring middle-of-the-road Mexican restaurant!
Just delicious! Fast, friendly & makes me feel good to support local farms and vintners. Superb food and great service. They were packed and we were attended to, and served promptly.
I had a mediocre experience here.  The pita/hummus was light on the pita, and the wife thought that there was to much sauce on the hummus.     I had the lobster mac and cheese.  My lobster was slightly over cooked, mostly good.  The cheese sauce was a bit bland.  Nothing to write home about.     The wife had ceviche.  I thought it was pretty good.     A friend of ours ordered a side of black beans which was crazy salty, indelibly so.  I'm not sure if he was charge for them or not.  His main course was darn good and I think the rest of the table had a pretty good experience... until we looked at the bottle of water we had all been refilling from.  The inside of the bottle was caked with what at first appeared to be hard water residue, but after holding up to the light revealed darker bits of food particles.  Not good.      I ended the meal with a coffee, which was weak tasting but served in generous portion.     Service was good with hostess, no direct interaction with bartender other than a quick hello, and our server didn't come off as happy.
Went there on a pretty crowded Saturday evening with two friends and there was a bit of a wait.  While we were waiting, a waiter walked by and offered us free flatbread and later a waitress came by with chips for us to enjoy while we waited. I had their carnitas tacos (the "Padre") and I think they were perhaps the best carnitas I've had since moving from California :D
Agava really blew me away. Great food for a great price. My boyfriend and I split the scallops and mary jane to start. They were both excellent, especially for the price. This was after we finished our chips and salsa, which we both also really enjoyed. For our entrees, I got the black bean burger and my boyfriend got the beef burger. He said it was some of the most tender beef he had ever tasted, and I could tell it was cooked perfectly. Although he wasn't a huge fan of the specialty ketchup, I thought it was interesting. I LOVED the black bean burger. I was able to substitute a salad for the fries, but I also sampled some of my boyfriend's fries. I really enjoyed both. The only "good" rather than "great" part of the meal was the flourless chili chocolate cake for me. Maybe this is because it had a pecan crust, and I am not a fan of pecans. Either way, it was good, but just not my favorite. The bill came out to around $45 for all of that! We couldn't believe we got so much great food for such a reasonable price. While the staff was slightly overwhelmed, this was really due to the fact the place was packed. I wouldn't hold it against them, and I think they'll get more used to it with time. I'd DEFINITELY recommend trying this out when in Ithaca.
We chose to spend our very last night in Ithaca having dinner at Agava after hearing both word-of-mouth suggestions and on Yelp....and it was a great decision! The atmosphere:  Inviting, contemporary space (think reclaimed wood walls, cozy furniture).  Two rooms for dining, and the patio looked nice too (but we dined inside).  Bar is expanse with many choices and inviting to sit at if you choose. Service:  Wonderful all night! Everyone we encountered was gracious and polite.  The best part is that the waiter could answer all the questions we had about the menu and the terminology. Food: Great!  My boyfriend had the Agava burger, which was huge and too much to finish (and of course was delicious).  I had the fish tacos...they were a little watery (I think because of the salsa, but that's okay) but the fish was fresh and tasty. Could have use a little bit more seasoning.  We split the spinach flatbread for an appetizer and it was awesome!  Perfectly done and tasted wonderful. Sad to say I don't know the next time I'll be in the Ithaca area, but if you are... go!  It's also a refreshing drive out to East Ithaca, rather than the crowded bustle of the commons.
Fresh food.  Great options for all tastes, including vegetarians.  Place was mobbed due to Cornell Graduation, despite this, service was excellent. The flatbreads were excellent, as is the tequila menu.  And the sotol flight was a great touch.
Was visiting some friends and decided to try this new restaurant that wasn't there last time I was in town. I actually didn't want to go, because I live in California and couldn't imagine the food could be as good as the Southwest cuisine out here. But after one dinner (and brunch the next day) this is probably my favorite Ithaca restaurant. Del mar taco and And wild salman were both fantastic, and the eggs benidicto the next day as perfect. Great beer list, too. BONUS: the Ithaca mayor was dining there, so quasi-celebrity siting.
I've been there a couple times. THe atmosphere is great and the drinks are fantastic and the food is fun. I love that there is an organic and farm to table focus. The quinoa fritters are amazing.  I'd say the guacamole is ok - nothing special. Liked the huevos rancheros for breakfast and the jam. I do wish there were more vegetarian options and maybe some nachos, but all in all this place is good and it is a wonderful addition to Ithaca dining.
Lesli S hits the nail on the head. Solid food, great service, nice place (nice inside; the outside of the building is meh, though we didn't see the patio). But the guacamole is disappointing. Sometimes at home we make it with just lime/lemon juice and salt... and the Agava guac isn't even that bold. Try some spice, folks--or at least some salt and citrus! We were with a group, but if it had been just my wife and me, I'd have dumped all the salsa in. The stuffed chile (their version of a relleno, but WAY healthier) is darned good, as are their wings, quinoa fritters, and ceviche apps. Oh, and the chicken entree was super. Overall, glad we ate there.
Fantastic food! I had the blackened shrimp Fettuccini Alfredo. A glass of the Zynthesis (not my best pairing, but fabulously delicious!) went well with the mussels, Mary Jane appetizer, and salsa that the table split. Well worth a second trip- bring friends, it's that kind of atmosphere.
I've been here twice for dinner with friends. Atmosphere is lively, colorful and fun. Mostly Southwestern fare is very good but they also served grilled perch and duck. I tried the veggie main course: stuffed poblano pepper with quinoa but found it fell short. There wasn't enough quinoa (hey, Agava, if someone is eating vegetarian, we still need to fill up) which is the protein portion of the dish. I finished it before my friends finished their tacos and duck and was still hungry. Thankfully, they brought more (free) chips and salsa. Still, it's a nice place and I'll probably go again. They have an outdoor patio (with heaters for colder weather), a nice bar area with tables and a main dining room. The first time I went, the margaritas tasted virgin. The second time, I ordered one at the bar and watched the bartender as he poured the tequila. This time it had more kick.
The host, whose name is Andrew, is smashingly handsome.
The place is unassuming from the outside but the decor on the inside is pleasant.  The atmosphere is nice, and the food looks good on your plate. Other than the bread and strawberry jam that came with our brunch, the food itself was pretty bland.  Was an interesting experience but would not go again.
Surprisingly good.
Thank you for opening. Ithaca has needed you. Great burgers- bean and beef. The specials are spot-on, so far. Seriously good drinks and bar. No complaints. Staff is friendly, the kitchen and restaurant are run like they mean it.
