The food here is phenomenal. Everything on the menu is unique and the subs I've had taste great.  I've come here multiple times and every experience is excellent.   Owners are nice and easy to talk to and are happy to answer any questions. I should also note that orders get served quickly and are cooked right in front of you. My only complaint is that the place isn't designed well for dining in, but otherwise it is fantastic.
We got a sub and were able to share it and  fries between two of us. They happily made up some seitan to substitute for the meat option (they will do it for any sub, seitan or eggplant, though its a bit confusing) and it was awesome. The portion was generous and tasted really good. The fries were also good. It was generally really affordable, too. The seating is a bit odd, though--just a long counter against the wall...no tables so it's more of a take out or a lunch place.
I personal believe Gorgers is better than CTB. The portions are larger, and it is less crowded. The Bahn Mi is delicious and worth ordering at least once.
They have some pretty good sandwiches here. It's a shame they're not closer to campus. They're located just west of the Commons. You can usually find street parking if you park two or three blocks further down. All of their sandwiches are around $8 and they are huge, especially compared to the stuff you get at CTB. You can order an banh mi here, which seems pretty popular. It's pretty good despite being unauthentic, though it could use less sauce (that stuff just flows out). Fries are pretty good here too. They're relatively cheap ($1.75 for a small order, which is still a fair amount) and go great with the meal. They're really fast with getting your food ready; the fries are probably gonna be the slowest thing. Service here is also really good and the guys seem really nice. The place itself is kinda dingy but I assume most people just do takeout anyway.
Great sandwiches and vegetarian choices (eggplant). Awesome music in the background too : beck, rage against the machine, beastie boys, Cyprus hill, to name a few
I want to like Gorgers but the bread to filling ratio just kills it for me. The bread, while delicious, overpowers any hope of enjoying a balanced sandwich. Fillings are fresh and of a high quality. The Bahn Mi was good. I wish it had more pickled veg, but maybe I really just wanted less bread. The sandwich demands a crusty loaf and is not well suited for the soft sub roll. The Cuban satisfied. Staff are friendly and helpful. A red-sauce sub (chicken parm, eggplan parm, meatball) would be PERFECT for the copious bread loaves. Get on it Gorgers!
So last time I had the chimichurri sub which was good if it weren't for some poorly executed chimichurri sauce. I gave them a second chance and ordered the Bahn Mi this time and it was solid. The bread and meat were fresh and the sauce was tasty. By no means is this a traditional Bahn Mi (don't expect the traditional fixings) but it was tasty none the less. My only complaint would be that there was too much sauce on the sub, but other than that it was great. Service was friendly as usual and they seem to have gotten rid of the only suggested tip options being 15-25%, which was odd for a primarily takeout business. Now no tip is a clear option, but I do wish they had a 10% option for small takeout tips. Honestly since they ask you "for here or to go?" would it really be that hard for the suggested tip amounts be based on your answer?
These guys are great and make great food. Amazing just-baked bread and they go above and beyond to please the customer. The atmosphere is cool too.
Awesome subs! Affordable! Get the Bahn Mi Also, come for lunch, they have a special where you can get a half a sub and a bowl of soup and a soda for $7! Their salads are also pretty great and really big, especially for $6. Nice guys behind the counter, too!
Heaven has come to Ithaca! This place is absolutely amazing, so far I've tried 3 of the sandwiches and they've all been to die for. I look forward to continuing to work my way through the menu. The food is definitely priced well and sure is filling. The service is fast and the guys behind the counter are the most chill people one could ever encounter at a sub place. Coming from the New Jersey area, I believe that in a few years this place will have the same great local reputation Hoagie Haven in Princeton does
We stopped here for lunch based on yelpers recommendations and it did not disappoint! The bread is fresh baked which is obvious when you bite into it. Definitely, the best sandwich bread we have ever had! We had the buffalo chicken sub, which was perfectly seasoned and just spicy enough. Who knew that the raw onions would make the sandwich. A must stop for any Ithaca tourist.
My fellow Ithaca people stop what you are doing and get down here! This is the best new sub place in Ithaca. So I've been dying to try this place for awhile but decided I would wait until I could get time to stop in for lunch and by god, I wish I would've gone sooner. This place is amazing. First off it's not in the best location but hey, that doesn't matter to me at all, just wish they'd get more business cause they deserve it. Secondly I hope they do expand so they can up their seating. Currently only about 10-12 people can sit at a time though I found out they deliver so might just do that in the future. Though getting out of the office is nice. The subs were a bit pricey until I saw the size...they are huge and trust me, if you share a full sub with a friend you'll both be pleased. Not only that they PACK the sub full of meat and extras. I ordered the Banh Mi because those who know me know I love myself a good Banh Mi. The pork was perfectly cooked, the pickled cucumbers and carrots were amazing, bursting with so much flavor and the siracha mayo it was a perfect combo. The bread was soft yet tasted great and everything was just perfect and for $7 it was totally worth it. There is a limited selection of drinks which isn't a huge deal. If they could put in a soda fountain or a coke all-the-things machine this place would be in business let me tell you! As for the fries. They are awesome. They cut them fresh right in front of you and fry them. They reminded me of Five Guys fries and they were great! Wish they had some Malt Vinegar to throw on them. The service was pretty good too, the guys behind the counter were wicked nice. Overall this is my new go to place for subs. Ithaca Bakery, Firehouse Subs, Shortstop Deli and Wegmans have nothing on this place...well okay maybe Wegmans haha. ALSO, you CAN set a custom tip, under the 15, 20 and 25 there is a place to put in a custom tip if you wish to leave one. Just look at the bottom.
Great value. Their sandwiches are inexpensive and huge. The dudes running this joint are nice as well. They'll go over the menu with you if you have questions. I was skeptical at first, thinking Gorgers was a total hipster spot that advertises "gourmet local" and serves up expensive mediocre food with a pretentious attitude, but it was pleasantly surprised by Gorgers. Their sandwiches are great and the guys working there are unpretentious. The loaded fries are amazing Chicken Modena is really good, bahn mi is also good. Only negative is the awkward long bar for patrons wishing to eat inside the restaurant. Gorgers definitely functions better as a take out only type restaurant.
We stopped here on the recommendation of some locals to get a sandwich for our drive back to Buffalo and I'm so glad we did. I can't say enough good things about their food. You order up at the counter and then they grill and put together the food in front of you. It takes 5-10 minutes and it's certainly worth the short wait. I got the Cuban Sandwich (pulled pork, Canadian bacon, pickles, onions, mayo and mustard), while my fiance got the Vegetarian Bahn Mi (with eggplant), and our gluten free friend had them make the Bahn Mi sandwich as a salad for herself. We didn't actually confirm that it's 100% gluten free, but she wasn't that sensitive to it for it to matter. As others have mentioned, the sandwiches are huge. At least two meals-worth, even if you're a big eater like myself. Not easy to eat while driving without assistance. I can see why it's called "Gorgers!" I ate half of my sandwich on the road (absolutely delicious) and saved half for the next day. Surprisingly, it even warmed up well in the microwave and was still tasty. My only suggestion for this place would be to offer more variety of breads (whole wheat, multi-grain, etc) for a potentially healthier meal. Otherwise, this is a fantastic spot that caters to sandwich lovers of all kinds: meat lovers, vegetarians and even vegans. Go Ithaca!
I've tried this location a couple times, especially after working late some nights. It's on my way home, so it makes for a convenient stop. This little sub place is pretty close to the Commons, and the casual atmosphere is relaxing enough. It's the kind of place where I'd only get takeout, if only because the counter tables where you can enjoy your sandwich face a wall. Sure, there's stuff to look at ON the wall...but it's not exactly conducive to having a fun conversation or chilling with friends. I've tried a couple sandwiches here, including the bahn mi and the mushroom and swiss. The former was pretty good, but I was disappointed when I recently tried the mushroom and swiss sandwich. The steak was sinewy...chewy, and just tough to get down. The portions are significant, and the prices are pretty reasonable considering the size of the sandwiches. The credit card processing and tip issue, as someone has mentioned before, is a bit much. I have no issue with tipping, and I'll frequently give 20-30% tips for pretty good service at a sit down place...but if I'm just ordering something and taking it out? Eh. Seems less deserved. All in all, a convenient stop if you're in the area and craving a filling sandwich...but I wouldn't consider it a "must try."
These guys are really invested in their place, the menu, and their customers.  After a short conversation about what they would recommend, I learned that all the sauces/dressings are homemade, as well as the bread, even the peppers are homegrown.   Recommendations: Get the vegetarian bahn mi!!! Eggplant, pickled veggies, hoisan sauce, and spicy mayo on their homemade GIANT sub bread. (I got a half order and it was just the perfect amount for dinner.  If I got the whole for $7 I would be definitely eating it right now for lunch.... dang... why didn't I get the whole one??) Both guys I was with got the pasta special ($8 for a full order, $5 for a half order) which was steak, shitake mushrooms, onions, pepper, over pasta with a homemade sauce... both of them were really impressed with it. Yes, it might take a little time to get your food here, but it's because they make it FRESH for your order!  They have all the necessary items prepped, its just that they need to cook it for you.  So settle down, you are in downtown Ithaca, not the middle of NYC, what's your rush?  Good food takes time, and these guys know what's up.   I will be back!!!!! YUM! Recommendation to the business: Make whole wheat bread options! (I didn't even ask if you had it yesterday, so maybe you already do, but it would be the cherry that tops my ultimate sundae!)
Had the Cabernet Steak Samich and subbed out the cheddar cheese for mozzarella . It was pretty gangster. Also got a side of hand cut potato chips. They were made to order, extra crispy, and not too greasy. The sandwich and fries were enough to feed 2 people. The succulent meat was cooked in a Cabernet reduction. The meat to cheese ratio was perfect. The bread to meat ratio wasn't. Too much bread. Most people don't pay attention to this ratio unless there is not enough meat. I should clarify the sandwich DID have plenty of meat; I just didn't need that much bread. So I tore off what I didn't need and carried on. High5!
I stopped with my coworker, on the way back to Rochester, for lunch. The first thing you notice after entering the shop is the drool inducing smell. Thankfully, the flavor held up to the high standards the aroma had set. The food was ready in about 5 minutes and was enough for lunch that day and the next (almost as good reheated). Delicious food for a very reasonable price. I got the Shrimp Po Boy and my coworker got the Chipotle.
I feel the need to post a negative review because I tried to order at 8:32 pm and was denied. Apparently they stop delivering at 8:30, despite their website saying they deliver 1-9pm. Poor advertising.
Excellent food, extremely friendly staff. They use the best ingredients (freshly made bread, moist chicken, amazing bacon!), and the menu is awesome and varied. The staff is super friendly, which makes up for the fact that they suggest a tip for even walk-in orders. The decor is a bit lacking, but I don't come here for the ambiance, I come here for the amazing food. I haven't tried it, but delivery is apparently free but a little slow. Best lunch in Ithaca!
If you're looking for some creative takes on the typical "sub" sandwich, then Gorgers is the place.  I'm shocked to see that there are only negative reviews of this restaurant.  Plain and simple, it's a delicious place to grab a sandwich and fries with a couple friends. The owners/staff (two brothers, from what I understand) are incredibly accommodating and nice.  The space itself is modestly decorated with some really cool original art (which is for sale at various price points). I love going with a friend for a lunch date, getting two different creations on two different sub rolls (total 4 different flavors!) and then an order of fries to share. The fries are absolutely to die for- to those who said it took to long, that's what you get when they cut the potatoes to order and fry them fresh every time!  The portions are huge so one is plenty to share between two people. Add your favorite soda and you've got a classic, no nonsense "Ithaca Style" lunch joint.
Awesome and fast.
This place is legit.  On word of advice is to share your sandwich with someone.  They definitely call this place Gorgers for a reason...the sandwiches are HUGE!  I had the Bahn Mi and it was so so good!
Best lunch spot around. Price is right, food is killer. Don't forget the fries! Owners are awesome. Can't say enough good things about this spot.
Say "no thanks" to CTB's puny sandwiches and get yourself a REAL meal. Wonderful selection and fun flavors. For all that is good and holy, TRY THEIR SOUPS! Best soups in Ithaca.
You probably won't find a better sandwich shop in the area. By the owner's recommendation, I got the Banh Mi sandwich. I was hesitant at first because I come from a very Vietnamese-populated area in California and have had a hard time finding a banh mi place that met the standards I had for it. BUUT it was great. My first bite brought an explosion of familiar Vietnamese flavor and was glad to find they hadn't altered the spices to play it safe. The bread, as you may tell upon first bite, is baked in-house everyday. Can't wait for Gorgers to open in collegetown where more students will be able to enjoy this bliss I speak of.  CTB and Subway -- watch out.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. The sandwiches are made on freshly made bread, with very fresh, local ingredients. They have all sorts of different sandwiches that are actually interesting. I really liked the bahn mi and the cuban sandwichs. The best part? Only $7! Like seriously, just $7 for a huge sandwich loaded with fresh ingredients. Ithaca Bakery and CTB should go eat their hearts out with their overpriced, small, overhyped sandwiches. I think they deliver too - if they had opened in Collegetown, it would have been a sensation. Hopefully people keep supporting this place - it seems like good guys who run it.
Went in with high hopes, left with nothing because they ran out of bread at 6:30 on a Saturday.  Can't comment on the food but I blame the lack of bread for that.  Won't be going back
Ithaca has many mysteries but the one that puzzles me the most is how come this place doesn't have a line out the door 24/7! They serve the BEST sandwiches in town hands down and for a very very reasonable price. It could not be in a more convenient location, the guys that work here are all super cool, and the food is fantastic! C'mon! Go get some deliciousness in you.
I had the pork ban mi on french bread.  Yummmmmmm.  Spicy.  The sandwich was delicious.  However, I wish I had brought a friend, because it was enough for two people.  There was a large amount of meat and veggies on the sandwich, and the bread is big and fluffy. There's a bank of seats against the wall and some interesting art on display.  The fellows working the register and crafting my sandwich were really nice, too. Definitely worth going back.
Gorgers is an appropriet name for this place. The sandwiches are as big as a mini van! Plenty for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow.  Where else can you get two meals for $7 in Ithaca? The place is modest, open kitchen and counter seating for those who choose to dine in.  Not much more is needed for this little gem of a sandwich shop. We stopped in last night for the first time and were impressed with the clever menu.  You can get any of their delicious sandwiches on either flat bread or a sub roll. In additon, there are several vegetarian options.  I had a tough time deciding on which sandwich to have there were so many wonderful choices.  I had the Caribean Fire which was spicy and flavorful.  The scotch bonnet mustard sauce had plenty of flavor which was balanced with heat.  My companion had the chicken bacon ranch.  The ranch dressing has a bit of a dill flavor which was great, not your typical from the bottle ranch dressing. The bacon on the sandwich was cooked perfectly. We also had a bowl of French Onion soup which was good, but not as hot as it should have been making it the only dissapointing feature of our meal. We didn't order drinks,and I noticed that there was a cooler sparsely furnished with soft drinks in the corner. perhaps this is an area to work on in the future. The owners are incredibly friendly and accomodating. I highly reccommend stopping in.
A very modern sandwich shop appropriately run by a bunch of modern fellas. Simple put; the subs offered here are straight up amazing. Their menu includes all of the colors of the sub shop rainbow from meat to hummus. The combinations of some of these subs are brilliant, unique and delicious. If it's your first time and you like pork please order the Bahn Mi, you will not regret the experience. Most of their full size subs top out around $8 and you get order a half size if you wish. They are usually offering a soup/ 1/2 sub special which is well priced. Please don't compare this place to ShortStop or other deli sub shops of the like. This would be like comparing apples to oranges. Don't misinterpret that either, I love Shortstop. I think their subs are great and I love going there but these two shops are entirely different experiences. If you are looking for a sub with deli meats you go to Shortstop, if you are looking for some unique sandwich's on sub rolls you go to Gorgers.
Went here today, still really delicious!
I'm definitely a fan of this place. You definitely get your money's worth- the bread is baked fresh daily, their take on the bahn mi is spicy and delicious. Plus the owners are friendly and check in on how your sandwich is (if you are dining in). Their soups are pretty tasty too. I've had the best luck just after lunch, never wait more than 5 minutes for my food.
Avoid if you're a vegetarian.  I got a "hummus" sub, which I found out once I got the sub was a) black bean (?!?!?), b) included some kind of tomato flavor (!?!?!), and c) was so disgusting it made me ill.  No warning that it wasn't, you know, normal hummus.  They offered to remake the sandwich without it, which would have been bread with lettuce, tomato,  and onion.  Ambiance didn't help.
I was in the Commons and saw the place.   Kind of shabby inside but that isn't always a good sign of good food.   Ordered the South of the Border on flatbread,  which includes some shredded chicken and purple cabbage.   While the flavor was good,  there was way too much liquid--saturated the entire flatbread which made it rubbery.   I also tried the garden salad.   Good dressing but the freshness was way lacking.   Romaine lettuce definitely pre-chopped-from-a-bag variety and much of it dicolored.   To make matters worse,  it was quite a wait to get the food.  Even just 1 or 2 in front of you means a 10" wait.
Gorgers is one of the best new local places in Ithaca and I hope that it becomes an Ithaca institution. First, its USP is the HUGE flatbread or Italian roll sub sandwiches. My favorite is the bahn mi with some extra hot peppers added in. Their soups are also very good. The West African Peanut Soup is very, very tasty and flavorful. The subs are only $7 and are twice the size of the overpriced, undersized sandwiches served at CTB. Service is relatively fast and they use Square to process your bill - something I haven't seen anywhere else in Ithaca yet. I recommend everyone to go there at least once and you will never have another CTB sandwich again.
Good sandwiches, open late, especially weekends.
Delicious. We tried the Buffalo Chicken and the Balsamic Steak; both yummy. The buffalo chicken one may be the best buffalo chicken sub/sammich I've ever had! I cant wait to try the others. Btw, you can get fries *inside* any sub. This may be a saving grace for vegans/vegetarians here.
Holy delicious! Stopped in after a hike based on a quick yelp search. I really think it was the best sandwich I've ever had. I had the Bahn Mi on flatbread and my husband had the Cuban. Both great, but the Bahn Mi was outrageous.  Lots of vegetarian options that looked great as well.  Definitely check it out.  Really nice guys behind the counter.
The food is fantastic!  I love that they have wonderful vegetarian options along with the meat-based sandwiches.  We will be back!
This place is doing it right!!! Great subs, reasonable price... The service was fine, music was good... Dining in house is a little awkward with the 15 or so chairs around 1 long table to eat at, but so what... The food is great, the Bhan mi is a must try... I will gladly be back and will lovingly spend my money with you... Thanks for the great sub and good music
This is the second time I've been to this place, and it's the second day in a row! The first time I got the Banh Mi which was amazing, and today I had the Mushroom and Swiss melt. Also while I was waiting, they started rolling out a batch of french bread. So glad there is a place in Ithaca that has all house made ingredients! My boyfriend tried the Banh Mi yesterday and we both went back today for more because we were hooked!
Really tasty, satisfying sandwiches. Gave us free fries while we waited. Good veg options.
