My daughter and I here last night. We were warmly welcomed by the owner. We were sat down immediately at their bar top. I love sitting in this location as it's an opportunity to chat with the bartenders and waitstaff. The cocktails were fabulous. I had a Manhattan-esque cocktail made with gin. They have the Corvina wine dispenser which allows you to drink fabulous wines without having to buy the entire bottle: We had their barolo. My daughter had the veal chop. I appreciate the fact that it was pasture raised. It was cooked perfectly. I had the Mint pappardelle with lamb ragu. Simply scrumptious. The flourless chocolate cake was terrific.
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Ithaca.  It is a small upscale Italian place. Though it is Italian don't except lots of different pastas , lasagnas etc. They will have a couple of pastas but it won't be the traditional kind you are used to seeing. The menu selection is pretty small, but what they excel in is quality over quantity.  I've come here a few times with different groups of people and they all say that this is one of the best restaurants in Ithaca though pricey. When you walk in you will be greeted by friendly waitstaff who will either seat you to a bar or to a table.  You will immediately notice a fully stocked bar and an open kitchen in which they cook the food which I think is a nice touch. There isn't much seating room though so I think a party of five is the most they can seat. A larger group may have to split up. APPETIZERS:  They will start you off with some bread, which is delicious! (I'm really picky about bread) and will explain the menu to you.  For the appetizers I've tried the clam's casino, crostini sampler, and the selection of cured meats and cheeses. All are really good. The crostini sampler is really interesting with assortment of pate on one and fig on another but they will change depending on the day you go. I highly recommend the cured meats and cheeses. If you really like wine then these will definitely pair well if you decide to order a glass. ABOUT ENTREES: For the entrees I highly recommend the Hanger steak. The steak is always well seasoned and perfectly cooked to my request. It also comes with shoe string fries which are small crunchy fries and fresh vegetable of the day which is usually sautéed and seasoned very well. I've tried other entrees such as the chicken piccata, fish in parchment, and scallops. I would say the chicken Is really good and tender. The fish and the scallops were alright but I've had better elsewhere. My friend who came with me once got the lamb pasta dish. I tried some and that was delicious as well. I've also tried one of their specials Fra Diavolo . This was delicious and they actually gave me good portioned size of jumbo shrimp. COCKTAILS: Don't forget to get a cocktail with Mercato. Though mercato is a fantastic restaurant it is most known for its bar. They make excellent cocktails and you must try one! Personally I don't think the dessert here is very good. Usually my friends and I would skip dessert and go across the street to Madeline's. Overall I love this place and because I went to school in the area I'm especially fond of it. I give it five stars for the food , atmosphere and the service. I overheard the manager say that they are opening a new French restaurant next door where bluestone used to be. I will definitely come back to Ithaca to try that!
This was my first trip to Ithaca in a very long time.  I selected this restaurant based on the positive reviews. The atmosphere is very inviting with a very positive vibe.  The food was excellent. If I lived anywhere close to Ithaca I would be a regular.
Very good food.  Can be awkward, as some of the tables in the front are very close to one another.  Some good wines that are very inexpensive.  Good for small groups.
"Perhaps it was a Fluke." I had sworn off going here in the past because some time last year I poked my head in as I work on "restaurant row"- and wanted to say hello  and/or dine- because I saw a group of people sitting together- (that I realized later were waitstaff in a meeting)  and a male with curly hair said, "Obviously you can see we are closed?"  The rudeness was so very problematic and unnecessary!  As I excused myself and closed the door, I thought, why not say, "Oh, our door is open, but we're not yet open to the public. We open at x time please come back then?" Or why even have the door unlocked if you're not yet open? So, I swore I would never go back there until a friend treated me to a lovely meal and drinks the other night. I didn't see the rude guy but I had wonderful service and a delicious fluke baked in parchment, perfectly done fingerling potatoes and green beans and a delicious red wine by the glass called Antico Fuocco Rosso Veronese 20112 Veneto. Yum!   I could have been referring people (I have a really wide circle)- for eons, save that one moment with the rude man. It really matters how you treat people- and the way I was treated the other evening makes me more likely to return again, despite that negative first impression. For any of us in business, we know that first impressions are lasting ones.
Excellent food, although portions could be bigger.  Good wine and cocktails. The room is narrow and long and if you are near the kitchen it can be distracting.
As a foodie from NYC, this was one of the best places in Ithaca. The atmosphere was cozy and sophisticated. From the clams casino, seafood soup & the Parched flounder, the vegetables and seafood was very fresh and flavourful.  The hanger steak on the other hand, was not a favorite. It was too chewy and rubbery. For dessert, I tried the lemon tart from all the positive reviews . Unfortunately, it fell short on expectations.  Indeed it was lemony but the raw taste of egg yolk was very overpowering.   I do highly recommend the bloody mary. It was by far one of the best I had. I also recommend the Rubato (gin, lemon, dewars, sienna).
We ate here for dinner during our stay in Ithaca.  There was a bit of a wait, and this place doesn't take reservations (or at least wouldn't for 2 people).  But, we had a late lunch so we were fine waiting and one of the servers was happy to get us drinks while we waited.  The service was fantastic, and everyone was very attentive.  The food was also incredible; my fiancee had the fish (red snapper) in parchment while I had the hanger steak.  Definitely, definitely, definitely get the hanger steak.  It was perfectly cooked, charred over charcoal, and amazingly delicious.  I'm not sure if it was marinated in anything, but it was one of those meals I'll remember for quite a while and will try to replicate at home.  Next time we're in Ithaca, we'll definitely stop here again.
Mercato might be my favorite classy restaurant in a town with no shortage of tasty places to eat.  My wife and I come here once every month or two and have found it to be consistently good. The wait staff is friendly and knowledgable.  The same can be said for the owner, who is often there to greet patrons as they arrive. The bar has an excellent wine list and varied (and REALLY GOOD) cocktail menu. The bread is fresh and served with soft butter, and is always a real highlight of the meal. While the menu rotates seasonally to some extent, the types of dishes served is pretty consistent overall. Mercato does an excellent preparation of fresh fish in parchment, there is usually some type of house made pasta dish, a braised meat offering, scallops, grilled hangar steak....we've had a little bit of everything on the menu and have honestly never had a bad experience. There's a reason this is our favorite restaurant in Ithaca. The dessert menu is equally good, with the seasonal crostata my personal favorite among an otherwise delicious array of pastries and desserts. On a final note, I should mention that a fire did significant damage to the restaurant about a year ago, but Mercato reopened early last summer.  Although at first there was a lingering smoky smell, which I think I saw referenced in some of the other reviews - they had some ventilation work done and the smell is no longer noticeable.
Great food. Great "old-school" cocktails.
Dinner and drinks were extraordinary. Just came in town from DC last night and happened in here because it was close to our hotel. The chicken milanese was wonderful and the hanger steak was the best hanger steak I've ever had --- we weren't expecting to find such a wonderful gem in Ithaca!
First of all the service was amazing. Our waitress (and I really regret that I didn't get her name) was professional, attentive, friendly and warm. I don't know that I've ever had better service in Ithaca or anywhere, and we have eaten at many of the best places. The food was very good, but I wanted a little more of it for the price. It was the right size if you wanted dessert and an appetizer but still. It is a little cozy (sort of felt like we were sharing our date with the inebriated freshman at the next table)  but most places in Ithaca are. Overall though the experience was excellent and totally worth it. Get the pot de creme, it was fabulous
I've been in Ithaca a few days per week for the past month and have tried to eat at a new restaurant every night. Mercato has been the clear stand out. I ate dinner at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and quite knowledgable about the menu. He was able to make clear recommendations about appetizers and entrees. He was very friendly. His service was great. I started with a well-made and delicious special cocktail. I ate the basil and goat cheese crostine and the scallop entree at his recommendation and both were wonderful. Later, the manager or owner was behind the bar chatting with a few regulars and working on a new cocktail. He gave me a few samples of his work in progress and asked for my thoughts. Definitely recommended.
Three of us dined on a Friday night, all very pleased with our dinners.  We started with the charcuterie and bruschetta sampler and tried a few special cocktails.  All delicious.  I had the steak - it was perfectly cooked to order and came with crispy potatoes and the best green beans I have ever eaten.  Also sampled the gnocchi with eggplant ragu and the pork chop.  Wonderfully prepared food and gorgeous tastes.  Service was attentive and informative.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in Ithaca.
One of Ithaca's best for an elegant meal, a good glass of wine, a well-crafted cocktail, and tasty desserts. I have had dinner here several times, and have had an enjoyable experience each time. I usually get the fish in parchment, which is always tender and flaky, dressed simply with oil and lemon and seasonal herbs. The chicken liver pate is a good starter. I also love their chocolate pots de creme and the panna cotta for dessert. The best feature of Mercato, though, is their bar. They have developed a nice menu of cocktails, featuring bitters and liqueurs that you don't find everywhere else. They are potent but well-balanced. It's easy (too easy) to down a couple of these before you know it.
On a recent trip back to Ithaca, Mercato's served up the best food of our stay. We started with a round of cocktails, and of those, I enjoyed the basil-inflected Crespo the best.  So flavorful, and so well-balanced!  Complex, crisp and refreshing, with just enough basil for you to know that it was there without dominating the flavor profile.  Actually, all the cocktails we tried were good, creative and original, and all featured local and seasonal ingredients.   On to the main course, which for me was hanger steak with a side of shoestring potatoes.  The steak was seasoned simply with salt and pepper, which is the way to go with a cut like hanger, as it lets the full, natural flavor of the cut shine. It was cooked perfectly, and was insanely juicy and tender!  The fries were cut a bit thin for my taste (although, to be fair, they were accurately advertised as shoestring on the menu), but were cooked perfectly and seasoned with a yummy blend of salt and rosemary.  Dessert - carmel and espresso pot de creme - was also delicious. Our server was definitely knowledgeable about the menu, polite and attentive, and we enjoyed the early-summer outdoor seating.  Would definitely come back again next time I'm in town.
This is definitely one of the classier, more upscale restaurants in Ithaca. We came here on a Friday night around 6:30pm and were seated immediately. We started off with the cured meats/olives/cheese plate which was with a good combination of cheeses and meats (manchego, gorgonzola, parmigiano reggiano with sopresata, prosciutto, etc). For our cocktails I ordered the Ithaca 37 (gin + lemon + prosecco) and my boyfriend ordered the Lion's Tail (bourbon + allspice dram + bitters + lime juice + agave). Both were delicious and well made. Our entrees were fresh sole in parchment and buckwheat papardelle (homemade) with duck ragu. The quality of the food was excellent and so was the service. My sole was tender and juicy and the pasta was as fresh as can be. Our desserts were the lemon panna cotta and the chocolate pots de creme with homemade graham crackers. Both were absolutely heavenly; you can tell that Mercato takes a great deal of care into preparing their foods well. Although the food quality was good, I personally think that the price is a little too high for the portions that they serve. The tables were also located a little too close together. Whenever we (or the people at the tables next to us) had to get up and leave, our asses brushed against the tables. I'd probably come here again, but only for special occasions.
Okay so I've grown fond of the shoestring fries after all! Once again Mercato delivers an amazing all around dining experience from the lighting and seating to the service and of course the food.  Mercato is absolutely my favorite "upscaley" restaurant in Ithaca where the food and atmosphere is worth every penny you spend.  Seriously! This time around, I had the cream of asparagus soup which was super tasty.  The asparagus wasn't overpowered by tons of heavy cream.  In fact the soup was surprisingly light. For an entree, I had the pan seared scallops with leeks in some kind of buttery sauce with shoestring fries. In this case, the fries worked really well with the delicate texture of the scallops which won me over! For dessert, I had the caramel espresso pot de creme which was incredibly good but my friend opted for the coconut panna cotta topped with caramelized pineapple which was amazing!!   The folks at Mercato are serious about good food and have created what I consider to be the perfect eating establishment.
Yum! This is definitely one of the classier joints in town, and you sort of manage to forget that you are still in Ithaca (it's like a mini two-hour vacation!). We had been meaning to come here for ages, and we finally made it in for a good ol' fashioned Friday date night. Mercato did not disappoint and now I'm hoping that we have another chance to go back before Alex graduates and we leave town (though it is a wee bit pricey for something other than a special occasion). Our waitress was very friendly without being overbearing, and she gladly gave her educated opinion between the two bottles of wine that we were debating. It ended up being a great choice. We shared the watercress salad and the soup of the day (I can't for the life of me remember what it was, but it was good) and then for dinner had the asparagus, ricotta, and goat cheese agnolotti and the pan-seared sea scallops. The agnolotti was bland, in my opinion, but my husband enjoyed it, and that's what really mattered. My sea scallops were cooked perfectly and the celeriac puree around the plate was really interesting. The flavor of celery usually isn't one of my favorite things, but this was quite unique and enjoyable, especially in contrast to the shoestring potatoes. My only complaint, and it isn't really a complaint at all, is the menu selection. I totally understand the appeal of wanting to have a smaller menu and do those things on the menu really well, but in my opinion, eight entrees--only ONE of which is meatless--is a little skimpy. Regardless, we'll hopefully be back, just without any vegetarian friends!
I admit it, I'm a bit of a lush.  I'm a sucker for a well made cocktail.  And Mercato has it in spades.  The drinks are a bit expensive for Ithaca standards (it's not Dunbar's here), but everything on their cocktail list is deliciously mixed and phenomenally balanced.  Best drinks in town, by far.  It's just a shame they close at 10pm.  I'd love for them to stay open a touch later, even if it's just the bar. Oh, and I guess they serve food?  Maybe I'll give that a shot one day...
My new favorite Ithaca restaurant, hands-down.  Amazing bread, yummy cocktails (the Communist!), a killer meat plate...  Last night I ate their cioppino special and it was absolutely perfect.  Great desserts, too - love the cheesecake squares and the chocolate custard thing.  Everything is a winner. Service is great and personable, atmosphere nice & with good lighting.  Love the booths - feels nice and private - great date night place.  I've also just sat at the bar and that was great too.
After living in Ithaca for almost two decades, new restaurants come and go. But I had heard good things about Mercato so went with my husband around 8:00 p.m. on a Friday night. Although packed, there was one two seater left. The noise level was really loud, and I had to lean in to hear my husband but the table was too big. Small stuff. The decor and vibe = good. (Oh, and the waitress had no personality.) However, the menu is great - really varied and creative. And the food was delicious. The portions aren't that big, but we split an appetizer and left sated...and not in that gross, guilty over eating way, but truly sated. I'll definitely go back.
Overpriced Italian food with good staff and nice ambiance. $100+ for two people plus 2 glasses of wine. Food is nothing "different" and being organic doesn't count since this is Ithaca, all restaurants that's descent is organic. Fish in paper is nice but a bit dull. Their fries were surprisingly nice though- thin and crispy and salty.
Mercato is rather small but sophisticated in mood, atmosphere and lighting. Nicely appointed and decorated. Excellent choice for finer dining in Ithaca. The food is outstanding. We had one special (lamb ragu) and two entrees from the menu: delicious! The server (Gabe) was knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. The specialty cocktails were very interesting and well done. We will be back to Mercato when we next visit Ithaca and we will be there a lot over the next 4 years! There will be a wait during the hours of 6:45-7:30 PM on weekends (and perhaps on other days of the week) but it is worth it. No reservations are accepted. The owner(?) kept us informed during our wait, which was appreciated. This is a fine establishment!
Mercato is one of Ithaca's best restaurants (along with Just a Taste).  We have visited more than 10 times and the food has been consistently superb and sophisticated. The waitstaff have always been friendly and particularly helpful with wine pairing suggestions.   The only drawbacks are as follows: No reservations (generally not a huge problem in Ithaca) Desserts not up to the same standard as other courses Short menu Still, this is a wonderful place to have dinner in downtown Ithaca!
Great cocktails! They try to do new spins on old classics and the one I had (St. Germaine, white wine, gin, and basil) was great! Had the gnocchi which I loved. The bread is amazing! My only wish would be a better wine list.
Mercato! Come back! We miss you!
This is probably my favorite upscale place on the commons. Mercato makes the best gnocchi in Ithaca, better than any of the Italian restaurants (Zazza's, Taverna Banfi, Lucatelli's), and the service, ambience, and food is executed to perfection. However, for the price, I wish the food were a bit more exciting/daring, everything is very good; it just isn't very unique.
This place has a great ambience (and wine list!) but the food leaves a lot to be desired.  I went to Mercato in October with a friend and her family and was somewhat disappointed.   For an appetizer, we split the clams casino and the crostini sampler.  The clams casino were very mediocre-- the ratio of ham/clams/veg made it taste more like a pizza topping than an app.  The crostini sampler wasn't bad, but the pate one was gross.  Way too much pate for the bread. For dinner, I ordered the scallops and my friend ordered the steak.  Her steak was very good, but my scallops were sort of all over the place-- some undercooked, some overcooked.  I also wasn't a fan of shoestring friends, but that's probably just my taste, not their quality. I would not come here for dinner again, but maybe for drinks.  It's way too expensive for the quality.  If you're going to drop money on date night, go to Just a Taste.
Dinner for two turned out ok.  Wife ordered arugula, fennel, goat cheese salad and I had the fish chowder for appetizers.  The salad was outstanding, fresh and tasty.  The chowder was "young" and not fully infused with the flavors of the vegetables and fish.  I ordered the hangar steak after several reviews' raves.  It was indeed a terrific steak, done perfectly.  The baby carrots were excellent but the shoestring fries, infused with rosemary, were a bit overdone (dry).   The parchment-cooked bass my wife ordered was another issue.  It was undercooked and she sent it back.  The chef came out and agreed, saying one of the difficulties of cooking in parchment is knowing when the dish is done, (not wanting to overcook it.)  So I ate my dish while she waited for hers to be finished.  Hers came out, re-sealed in parchment, but the juices of the first presentation in the parchment were not fully replaced or the fish simply dried up in the re-cooking.  This made for less flavorful bites and ultimately it was a disappointment.   After a mistake of that magnitude, it would have been a nice gesture for the chef to offer a free dessert or something.  But, nothing was offered.  We shared a chocolate cake with our coffee and tea anyway.  The chocolate cake was very good but not rave-worthy. So a mixed review here.  I'm not sure it was worth the $120. including wine and tip.  Maybe not.
My friend and i had a good meal here but it was not "great".  Very good appetizers chicken liver pâtés and a decent beet salad. We shared two main courses to experience more. The hanger steak was good -not amazing,as people report. The gnocchi was a bit bland and light on sauce or flavor so to speak.  Dessert choices looked good and I went for the pine nut tart as a result of another review here and and I'm grateful for yelp. It was really good.   The cocktails were good and interesting.  Service was great but really the only criticism we have is the atmosphere. This place has the ambiance of a Panera chain-like store. It was way over bright in need of a dimmer switch big time. The walls were decorated with generic posters that had hot spotlights just inches away, reflecting even more glaring light onto the already dental office-lit booths. I wouldn't be bothered if this was just a cafe or sandwich shop but food of this quality and at these prices, deserves better.
Loved this place on my first visit.  Very cozy and warm, lovely food, great servers, and nice wine selection.  I'm definitely going back!
After hearing rave reviews about Mercato, a place that has appeared crowded each time I've walked by, I shared dinner with a friend. The experience was delicious. Our table was well-lit and cozy without the entire restaurant feeling bright or showy. And our server was attentive and friendly. If he was fazed by our only drinking water, sharing everything, and staying longer than others around us who had arrived afterwards, he hid it well. I appreciate this. It isn't true everywhere. Our conversation bounced between us and the neighboring couple a few times (especially when our meals arrived) and this added a nice element to the evening. We joked about moving the tables together because they were close and somehow I don't think that if we had done so it would have felt unacceptable or unusual. Before last night, the crostini I had experienced shattered crumbs across the plate with the first bite... the toppings were often their own bite because they detached themselves from the bread at first opportunity... and any cheese required the acceptance of strings and less than graceful eating to minimize them... you get the idea. None of these traits applied to the Taleggio & Sun Dried Tomato Crostini at Mercato.  The toast was golden and crumbled pleasantly, the cheese was delicious and soft, and the sun-dried tomatoes were flavorful without overwhelming everything else. Someone once told me that Gnocchi should taste like little pillows. This shone true when I tasted the Gnocchi with Brown Butter, Sage, and Butternut Squash last night. The pasta was light and tender and the butternut squash was firm and bright. The Pan Seared Sea Scallops were recommended to us by a friend shortly after we walked in the door and they are a dish I will return for. They were a dark golden caramel color that disguised how tender they were and scallop took center stage with all-star support. I feel like I should stop writing because this is already far longer than I anticipated and realize that I'm writing what Mercato was not as much as what it was... but dinner ended with the Lemon Panna Cotta. Let me just say mmm. And I am not a dessert person. The bonus was feeling satisfied without being full, leaving more relaxed than I had been when we arrived, and the chef taught me something new about food and dining that extended beyond what were familiar ingredients. Thank you.
I took a cooking class from the head chef at Mercato a few years ago and I've been very excited to see that he opened a restaurant.  Walking into Mercato feels like I've been transported to Manhattan. It's understandable that so many places in Ithaca skimp on the details but Mercato doesn't--the lighting, the finishing, the servers, all feel professional.  The food is generally competent and consistent and is more likely to err on tasty than daring.   My last time there I ordered the sole in papillote and my girlfriend ordered duck. The delicacy of my sole was preserved and was well balanced with the lemon butter, though I personally prefer bolder preparations.  My girlfriend's duck was tender and delicate, but lacked much duck flavor. I'll definitely come back, but the price prevents it from being anything more regular than a treat.
Great food, attentive staff, and very nice wines.  I highly recommend this restaurant!
I had a wonderful experience last weekend at Mercato. Upon arriving, the place looked crowded with no tables available. A very nice man approached us and told us the truth about the wait. We waited for only 20 minutes, from what looked like an hour wait when we looked in from outside! This place is sophisticated, with comfy booths and nice tables. The lights are romantic and warm. There is a bar and kitchen on the right side and the tables are on the left side. The staff were prompt and polite and made us feel comfortable. Now lets talk about the food. EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT! I am not exaggerating one bit. It's like they specifically invented what's on the menu. The food is that good! I had seafood chowder, calamari, and the bolognese. I have no complaints about anything. The bolognese was different from what I'm used to, but it was delicious. These people really know how to cook tasty food. The last thing I'd like to talk about is the chocolate cake. I consider myself kind of a chocolate connoisseur and I must say that their chocolate cake is the most scrumptious and perfect cake I've ever had. It looks like a piece of pie and a brownie combined. However, it cuts like butter and tastes like heaven! I am truly impressed by Mercato and you must experience it for yourself! It's one of Ithaca's new secrets!
I enjoyed a solid meal with delicious drinks at Mercato after a very disappointing experience at John Thomas. Thank you for redeeming my faith in the Ithaca dining scene and for bothering to have a cocktail menu.
I found the food to be too greasy and everything I ordered had bacon bits.  Maybe it was my luck (I dont eat pork).  The 3 stars is for the A-ok food and not the pork mix up though.  Our waiter was nice and accommodating.  He really knew the menu inside and out
The pork chop here is a thing of beauty. Nice wine list and friendly service.
We had dinner here  last night and it was perfect. Great service, amazing food! Try the crustini!
Best bread I have ever tasted, we ate about three bread baskets.  It is a bit pricey but the food is delicious!  The wait staff and owners are very friendly!  I definitely recommend this restaurant!
Very nice place. The Pan Roasted Pork Chop was excellent. This is the first place i've been to in a long time to properly cook pork chops. Most places overlook the meat. This was served medium rare. It was moist and delicious. I also recommend the meat and cheese plate. Nice selection of Italian wines. The staff was attentive and nice, excellent service.
Went for dinner for the first time recently.  The waiter seemed more concerned about quality of drinks than the food.  I had the radicchio salad.  It was very radicchio and not much else.  I then had the gnocchi.  I typically love this dish but thought it was just average.  My wife had the ravioli and also felt that it was average.  May give it another chance but doubtful.
This place is a gem in ithaca. Professional, nice atmosphere, and most importantly, great food! It's expensive but I'll take it for homemade pastas. Everything was just as good or better than I expected and that's all I ask for if I'm paying for a fancy dinner. Everyone I ate with finished their plate.
Here is my recommendation to anyone wanting to try this restaurant: Sit at the bar and order a cocktail only, they have an excellent and interesting cocktail list that is well executed. However, don't waste your money on the food or stay long enough to allow the charcoal smell to become absorbed by your clothing. I understand they had a recent fire, so I forgive the unfortunate smell.  What I can not forgive is the pretentious and pompous attitude that you can taste in the food and is reflected in many of the staffs demeanor. I don't like to generalize as many yelpers do by saying all "staff," many are great, the curly haired owner is very affable and they have one exceptional bartender. The food is usually well prepared, meaning the cooks know how to get a sear on a scallop or keep pork moist. However the food is uninspired for how small the menu is and how much you are charged. I mean great you can cook a protein, but can I have something other than tiny fries, a waterey sauce or a raw rabbit's salad with it?! This again I could overlook if the staff did not act like they were operating a michelin star restaurant in the heart of Manhattan. Sorry guys its Ithaca, which means your guest's opinions matter, eye rolls are not a good way to welcome guests and if I say I do not want another course or dessert I should not be made to feel like some sort of second class citizen.  So in summary: Cocktails are great, food is palatable but not memorable, and the level of service is definitely hit or miss.
Very good food.  Can be awkward, as some of the tables in the front are very close to one another.  Some good wines that are very inexpensive.  Good for small groups.
Excellent food, although portions could be bigger.  Good wine and cocktails. The room is narrow and long and if you are near the kitchen it can be distracting.
We ate here for dinner during our stay in Ithaca.  There was a bit of a wait, and this place doesn't take reservations (or at least wouldn't for 2 people).  But, we had a late lunch so we were fine waiting and one of the servers was happy to get us drinks while we waited.  The service was fantastic, and everyone was very attentive.  The food was also incredible; my fiancee had the fish (red snapper) in parchment while I had the hanger steak.  Definitely, definitely, definitely get the hanger steak.  It was perfectly cooked, charred over charcoal, and amazingly delicious.  I'm not sure if it was marinated in anything, but it was one of those meals I'll remember for quite a while and will try to replicate at home.  Next time we're in Ithaca, we'll definitely stop here again.
Great food. Great "old-school" cocktails.
First of all the service was amazing. Our waitress (and I really regret that I didn't get her name) was professional, attentive, friendly and warm. I don't know that I've ever had better service in Ithaca or anywhere, and we have eaten at many of the best places. The food was very good, but I wanted a little more of it for the price. It was the right size if you wanted dessert and an appetizer but still. It is a little cozy (sort of felt like we were sharing our date with the inebriated freshman at the next table)  but most places in Ithaca are. Overall though the experience was excellent and totally worth it. Get the pot de creme, it was fabulous
