Tried this place for dinner on Sunday evening. Everything was perfectly cooked. My party was particularly impressed with the scallops, the tuna, and the grilled flank steak. Also, as someone of Asian background who eats rice all the time, I'm impressed that their jasmine rice was well-cooked too. The staff was very friendly, and the prices are very reasonable. They have an open kitchen, which is cool if you like to watch the chefs!
We've been wanting to try Fine Line for a while, but we always forget it is there- probably due to the entirely unremarkable exterior. Tonight we finally made it in, and I'm definitely glad we did. There was a definite intimidation factor at first- I don't think we were expecting it to be quite as expensive as it is. Never mind that though, because these folks know their shit. We decided on just splitting a bunch of small plates between the two of us. We started with the broccoli cheese soup and the black pepper scallops. CHEESE BROTH? More like a cheesy puppy hug- so good. And the scallops were perfectly cooked. Round one goes to Fine Line. Next up was the cheese plate. Manchego, Brie, and a smoked bleu I'd punch my mother in the face to get the last piece of. Berry compote? Legit. Round two: FL Then came the mussels. Oh, the mussels. Forget everything else I've said and just order 5 bowls of mussels. The broth is bright and flavorful and perfect. Round three: TKO, Fine Line. My dude wanted dessert. Flour less chocolate torte with chipotle and Irish cream? Rich and tasty. To make a long story short- I would open mouth kiss the executive chef at Fine Line Bistro in front of my boyfriend. It's that good.
I have been to Fine Line Bistro twice in the past three weeks. Had a salad and a glass of wine the first time, and dinner (salmon) the second night. Both experiences were excellent. No wait to get in (actually sat outside both nights) and the wait staff was fast and friendly. Food was excellent, especially the bread pudding for dessert.
Finally made a trip into Fine Line and while it had its up sides there was clearly some major flaws to the place. My wife and I were greeted quickly and pleasantly by a waitress and we were seated at the bar in front of the open kitchen which I very much enjoyed. First things first, the "open kitchen" as nice of a touch as it is the kitchen was greasy and very very beat up. The place needed a good scrub that hasn't been done in a long time. Coming from running a restaurant I know what a kitchen should look like. Now onto the food, the restaurant was out of most of their menu by 7pm on a Saturday night....not cool....we had the scallop appetizer followed by a eggplant dish which was a special of the night and the pork tenderloin as they were out of salmon and tuna. The scallops were good and I enjoyed the dill aioli. My wife didn't have much to say good or bad on her eggplant but I was very disappointed in the pork tenderloin. The barbeque sauce that was served with it had boldness and heat but lacked any flavor that left an impression, in the end it was a mediocre espresso BBQ sauce. What really brought the dish down though was not the sauce it was simply cooking the pork correctly. It was over cooked and dry. The presentation was nice and had a great concept but execution was not up to par. Now after eating this mediocre meal I really was upset at the $100+ tab with only 2 glasses of wine an appetizer 2 entrées and a shared desert. It really wasn't worth the cost and I have never had a problem paying good money for good food.  Chef Gregory really should consider spending less time trying to look like a "badass" and more time making "badass" food.
The first time I ate here I loved this place. I like that they bring you pickled vegetables instead of bread so I don't fill up and spoil my dinner. I had the best gazpacho I've ever had, very unique with sweet pineapple chunks. Great combo! I had the penne pasta  with sausage, which was solid. Unfortunately I was less impressed on my return visit. The carrot ginger soup was not good. More like ginger soup with a hint of carrot rather than the other way around. I got the penne again and it was still solid but perhaps a bit bland. My mom got a chimichurri sandwich which was flavored well but dripping so much juice that it was hard to eat. Messy sandwiches aren't what I expected for a white tablecloth restaurant.   The atmosphere is excellent if you're looking for a nicer dining experience. Unlike some of the places on the Commons it's a bit quieter and less like a zoo. Also a bit of an older crowd, which is nice when you want to escape the student scene. The service is excellent and the atmosphere is a bit more refined while not at all stuffy. Overall I think this is a good dining option in Ithaca but maybe still a bit rough around the edges.
First off, from the outside, Fine Line Bistro, does not look very fancy.  However, once you enter you realize that you are not in Ithaca New York anymore. The food was fresh, and reasonably priced.  The setup of the restuarant is great, being able to see your food being cooked is unique to Fine Line here in Ithaca.   The service is great!  The staff were all very friendly and amazing.   There are only about 12 tables or so, so make reservations.  You will not regret eating here!
I wish I could give half stars--our meal averaged to a 2.5. My partner and I stopped in on Sunday night for a quiet birthday dinner.  His choices were great; mine were anything but.  And the service was just downright weird. The service problem started when we were seated.  One item on the specials list had actually sold out the night before, and the restaurant didn't want to "waste paper" by printing a new list. (A simple black line drawn through the entree would perhaps suffice?)  So the waiter started by telling us in some detail what was NOT on the menu, including the "typo" seafood stew on the specials list, as well as salmon on the regular menu. Fine.  But when I asked him to tell the chef that the scallop appetizer was excellent, instead of a common response like, "I'm glad you liked it," or "He'll appreciate hearing from you," the waiter says, "Oh, HE KNOWS" in a very condescending way.   Really?   In addition to the scallops, which were delicious, my companion's lamb entree was superb as well--two thick, juicy chops cooked to order nestled atop a heap of savory mashed potatoes and braised strips of red pepper.  Even the over-thick port wine reduction couldn't diminish the balance of the dish--the lamb released enough juices to to cut the sauce and the overall result was pitch-perfect. Sadly, my selections were anything but. Although other Yelpers have enjoyed the crab fritters, mine were bland, bland, bland. Two big pinches of coarse sea salt and a hearty squeeze of lime failed to brighten  them--under-ripe mango and bitter endive simply overwhelmed the crab. Worse, the steak frites--a simple bistro staple--was a misfire.  The hangar steak was stringy and tough, even though it was presented rare as requested.  It also lacked flavor, which seems odd for that cut. The fries were reasonably crisp but appeared to be completely unsalted.  (No wonder the waiter brought malt vinegar and house-made ketchup in addition to the oddly orange, flavorless aioli.) There were two line cooks on duty, and the one who prepared my courses was apparently unfamiliar with the use of salt or was perhaps concerned about high blood pressure among diners--I don't go in for really salty foods, but both my appetizer and entree were hospital-bland. My entire meal was lodged in a thick pool of cold, oddly sweet sauce.  To make matters worse, any juices from the steak had been soaked up by a wad of bitter, under-braised kale so tough that it was difficult to cut with a serrated steak knife. In fairness, we've had fantastic meals at Fine Line.  This just wasn't one of them, and at over $100 for two before tip (an appetizer, entree and one glass of wine each) I had hoped for more.
I've only been here twice, and both times were quite excellent.  Very diverse and interesting menu, considering it's a bistro; and as a vegetarian, I always find something I like. Desserts are very good, too. Really wonderful and attentive service, too.  I hope to return soon.
Last night I had my third meal at Fine Line Bistro and like my first two meals there, it was excellent.  What I love about Fine Line first and foremost is that it nails a certain Ithaca vibe that is generally underrated.  I think a lot of people think that Ithaca is all about being crunchy granola - which isn't entrely untrue - but Ithaca also has this great scrappy punk rock side that I totally love.  Something about Fine Line just totally fits into the part of Ithaca that's a little edgy and a little deviant.  The location suits it perfectly as well - on State St along with Felicia's and Gimme and the Medusa tattoo parlor.  The fact that this restaurant used to be Geppetto's make it even better. Even with only a few visits there are dishes on their regular menu that I really love - like their crab fritters with mango papaya salsa, and endive.  Despite my love of fried foods, I generally won't order anything fried when I'm at a nicer restaurant.  I just love these though - and not only is the plate presented beautifully but it's presented the way you actually want to eat it.  I've had these twice now and I will say that the first time the salsa was spicier, and the dish was much better with the added kick.   I also love their pork tenderloin with a bourbon bbq sauce and crispy polenta.  My husband has ordered this each of our three visits (not terribly adventurous, but he knows what he likes).  After stealing a few too many bites than appropriate during the first two visits, I knew I should finally order this myself so that is what I enjoyed last night.  The pork was cooked perfectly and the sauce is just so delicious - and eveything works great with the polenta, which nornally isn't my thing. As far as dessert goes, I have to admit that like my husband, I found a favorite on the first visit and haven't been able to stray away since.  Their bread pudding...  is perfection.  I have had one bread pudding in my life that competes - the chocolate crossaint bread pudding at Mirbeau in Skaneateles - but c'mon, adding the chocolate is cheating my senses.  The Fine Line bread pudding absolutely melts in your mouth - though this isn't to say that it's an overly custardy mush like some bread puddings.  It's just delicious - I don't know what else to say about it.  I've also tasted their cheesecake, which was awesome, and their chocolate something (napolean?), which admittedly wasn't my favorite chocolate dessert ever.  But still, they get huge points in the dessert department (especially to their competition in town!). Service is great - just attentive enough, and there's some definite personality going on that really suits the energy of the place.  It's a comfortable place to kick back - definitely the least pretentious restaurant in their class in Ithaca.  It's nice to have a go-to place when you're slumming around in your jams but still want a serious meal. In the end, Fine Line Bistro (at this point in time - they're new) is just shy of five stars for two reasons.  One, it's a tad expensive.  Just barely.  but I have definitely been surprised at each of the bills that we've rung up (sometimes this just happens when you're going to a place the first few times though - I tend to order a little bit more food because I'm trying the restaurant out - so I'll give them that).  The second reason is that I think the menu either needs to be larger, or needs to change more often.  It's just too small a menu to not change (from what I can tell, it hasn;t changed yet).  Even though I already have a few dishes I could definitely eat again and again, it's just a fact that with this small amount of variety, I'll eventually get bored. Small criticisms however for an otherwise awesome place.  Eat at this restaurant!!  This is a new restaurant that I would really love to see succeed.
My favorite place in Ithaca! The atmosphere is edgy, but also cozy and fun; and it's great to sit outside during the lovely summer nights. The food is always fantastic and they have a great wine/beer/bar list! I just love the pickled green beans they bring to the table once you are seated and the ahi tuna is just phenomenal! Other favorites include the seared scallop appetizer, steak frites, and pork tenderloin -- always done to perfection. The price point is high, but always well worth it. Honestly, it's really a shame more people don't know about Fine Line; then again, I like that it's accessible without a reservation (MOST of the time) :)
I brought my BF here for his birthday. He liked his food a lot, including the fries. I thought the fries were just okay. They only had 1 vegan item at the time. It was basically pasta with tomatoes & oil, or something of that nature. The baby tomatoes were hardly cooked enough to bring out their great juices & flavor. It was like biting into a raw tomato - which I like - only on things that are supposed to be uncooked. This blander than blander plate was 17 bucks. A complete ripoff in my opinion. The pickled complementary green beans were great. The waitress was very nice and helpful. The (vegan) food just isn't worth it.
*disclaimer* I've only had the brunch here, so far. Will update the review once I get a chance to try the dinner. Atmosphere is relaxed and cozy. Sat at the counter in front of the exposed kitchen and got to see the chef at work. Service was friendly and attentive. Ordered a cup of americano and had the fried poached egg, on brie, on an english muffin. I don't know how I've never come across a fried poached egg before! This was one of the best brunch items I've ever had, anywhere. Fried panko crust had a satisfying crunch, perfectly runny yolk in the center, nice unobtrusive dirzzle of hollandaise. The brie works well, lending a little extra creaminess and subtle buttery flavor to the egg.  Such a simple idea, executed beautifully. Definitely my new go-to brunch place in Ithaca.
Fine Line is wonderful! Delicious food, creative wine selection, amazing service. I have never had a negative experience at Fine Line after eating there probably a dozen times. I only wish I had discovered it sooner, and it is one of the restaurants I miss most after moving to NYC. Don't miss the mac and cheese and the steak frites, the reduction served with the steak alone is worth the trip. The food is so amazing, and even better, the service is completely unpretentious -- which can not be said of some of Ithaca's other restaurants. After taking my foodie family here over graduation weekend, they are STILL talking about it.
By far my favorite restaurant in Ithaca so far. I went with a friend tonight, and because we didn't have reservations we had to sit at the bar, which was actually a lot of fun because it overlooks the kitchen.  We saw our food (and everyone else's food) being prepared right in front of us! We shared a couple of appetizers - the pomme frites and squash soup.  The soup's presentation was beautiful, and it had a bunch of different types of squash, including spaghetti, acorn, and butternut.  The kicker was the hint of goat cheese in it that you got with every bite.  The fries were also addictive and delicious. For my entree, I got the penne with rutabaga.  It usually comes Italian sausage, which I opted not to get.  It was really rich and buttery.  My only complaint would be that the penne wasn't as al dente as I usually like it, but the flavors were spot on.   We shared the bread pudding for dessert - so sinfully fabulous.  There was vanilla, honey, and a hint of lemon in every warm bite.   On top of the food itself, the service was excellent.  The food was timed perfectly and we were asked multiple times how we were doing.  Even the chefs were checking on us during the meal. The price was a bit expensive, especially for Ithaca ($45 per person for a glass of wine, an appetizer, entree and dessert), but I think it's worth it if you're looking for good food and a fun experience.  I will definitely be going back!
Bread pudding.  Bread pudding.  Bread pudding. Ok, now that I've gotten that out of my system... Fine Line is one of our go-to restaurants when we want a good dinner in Ithaca.  It also has an absolutely wonderful brunch.  Don't miss the brunch - a good brunch is hard to come by in Ithaca. Favorites include the bread pudding, frites with aioli, mussels appetizer.  Did I mention that the bread pudding is out of this world?
Great atmosphere, highly recommend the cheesecake!
OK, so maybe I had been watching too much Hell's Kitchen, but we were looking for "fine dining" and the menu, and ambiance of Fine Line seemed to fit... Well, that was the most I've ever payed for a meal I did not enjoy in my entire life.  Not a mistake I will make again, at least not at Fine LIne Bistro. I had the grilled Ahi Tuna (It was cooked perfectly, I'll admit).  But it was a portion so small even a child would have been disappointed.  And personally I feel that a pile of ginger is an un-necessary dressing or topping, NOT a side dish all on it's own. The crab appetizer was burned.  It takes only a few minutes to make a new one, rather than serve a paying customer burned crap. Bottom line, the menu is in the style and price range of higher-end dishes, but the execution falls short, and leaves you hungry and disappointed.  But its a wonderful location, which will attract a lot of tourists in the summer, so they'll get business even though the food sucks. Service was great though, not the waitresses fault the food is inadequate. (p.s.  that felt GREAT I've been wanting to vent about the place forever!!!!)
Food o.k.  I heard the burger and the steak were awesome, perhaps best in Ithaca.  I don't eat beef.  My swordfish was bordering on dry on a bed of tasteless cous cous with not quite enough braised yummy cabbage.  The cabbage was the highlight.  Parents beware - NOT child-friendly, despite what they may say.  I dropped by one evening to see if it would be appropriate for me and my fam.  Waitor insisted that we should come.  When we came, waitor would not allow us to halve orders for our three kids, no kids menu -- offered to make up doggy bags for us?!? I asked if he was really going to force us to order a $23.00 entree to see our 3 year old take 3 bites - he asked the chef, and then returned with an offer to make a "special" tasteless buttered pasta dish for him.  Toddler dumped it out on the table, and I could hardly blame him.  Our (ages 7 and 9) girls were forced to have the $10.00 burger.  I've heard so many good things, but me thinks those folks have never been to Hazelnut...or Stonecat... or maybe just have gotten used to mediocre Ithaca restaurant food????  Or maybe they had the burger or steak.
More like 4.5 stars. Portions were small (relatively speaking), but more than adequate and fully satisfying. The food was innovative and very tasty. The prices, sadly, were high.
Best restaurant in town IMHO. Seth is a fantastic chef, perfect, consistent portions. Great flavors, seasonal ingredients. Best french fries in town (hazelnut kitchen has some good pomme frites too) and great steaks. Gotta try the bread pudding and chocolate bombs for dessert!
My first time here. Would give the flavor 3 stars objectively, but given the price it only gets 2. The food was average for Ithaca, generally nothing special. I liked the pickled (?) wax/green bean starter, creative, well done. The server recommended the scallops as an appetizer--not bad, but I don't think how they seasoned and cooked the scallops improved the flavor of the scallops. The server said the scallops were one of their best items, so I'm skeptical...Boatyard's are infinitely better. I also tried two soups, also not bad but a little plain, especially for a bisque. I had a dessert--forget which one but remember it being good. Service was fine. Atmosphere was interesting (fine).
Took a student put for a "nice" dinner here. Really enjoyed the juicy, flavorful burger with caramelized onions and emmenthaler cheese. Paired nicely with a glass of Malbec. Atmosphere was a teeny bit more sophisticated than typical college town place. The student loved it: said it reminded him of NYC, which is his home.
This restaurant is a solid semi-upscale place to get dinner or even better, brunch. I ordered a pork chop here that was cooked well, but the sauce was too sweet. The salads and appetizers were excellent though, especially the french fries, muscles, and beat salad. Next time I'm going to try and convince the table to just order small plates. The prices are kind of expensive, so this place did not quite meet my expectations, but definitely worth a second try.
It was a lovely evening, and we sat outside on a Wednesday night in mid-May.  Only one other couple outside and only a few people inside.  I think they were grateful that we showed up for our reservation.  As a result of the lack of customers, service was quite good. The wines by the glass list was rather small and from a wide sampling, not all that good.  Tried the local Pinot Noir from Shalestone, who is normally good producer of reds, although I hadn't had their Pinot before, which was the most expensive wine on the list at $11 and not at all worth it.  Also tried a Zin from Paso that wasn't too interesting and then settled on the Spanish blend which was OK.. Started with the scallops appetizer which was expertly prepared and served with crispy shallots and dill aioli.  These were very good. One entrée was the pommes frites.  The rib-eye was rather thin and also bland - not the greatest piece of meat.  The only vegetable was kale that was in an overly vinegary broth.  The other entrée was the grilled salmon.  It was nicely presented and included a substantial hockey puck sized round of Jasmine rice, along with mushrooms and tomatoes.  Would have preferred a crispier skin; I think it was Atlantic salmon.  It was fine, it was not remarkable.   I felt that this restaurant has the potential to be better, with a sharper eye on quality and a little more excitement in menu items.
Great food, great service. The atmosphere is casual, with a certain Ithaca vibe. Our server was attentive and gave us great recommendations. She knew the food well. The scallop appetizer is highly recommended. The cook it right every time! The last time I was there, they ran out of the steak entree I wanted, so I settled on a rack of lamb though I am not particularly fond of lamb. Boy was I surprised. It was the best lamb I have had in my life! The meat was tender and juicy, without having the strong 'lamb' aftertaste. I don't know how they do it so differently, but it has changed my attitude towards lamb! Bread pudding dessert was also good.
This place is a new favorite of ours and we have been to all the best in town. Atmosphere is very comfortable and trendy in a good way. And not too loud! So nice to be able to carry on a conversation. Seating is well spaced and comfy. Unlike some places in Ithaca you don't feel like you are sharing your meal with the neighboring party. I'm looking at you Mercado. Food was nothing short of spectacular. Would highly recommend flank steak and cheese plate. Actually everything we ate was just really tasty. Hangar steak and pork loin were yummy. Wine list is good and well edited. We had great service, which we don't always get. All around they're doing a great job and we will be back
If you haven't been to Fine Line you should definitely give it a try.  I didn't know about it until a friend of mine at work recommended it.  When I got there I was skeptical.  It's small from the outside and off the "main strip" of the Commons.  I was totally floored with the food, atmosphere, service, and value.  They have a really cool menu that changes frequently and uses a lot of fresh, local ingredients.  Compared to some other restaurants in town that I feel are not as good, loud, hard to get a table, etc. Fine Line's prices seemed almost too low to be true for the quality of the food.  Now it's one of my favorite restaurants in town!
It took us a long time to try Fine Line even though we've passed by a million times. I had the absolute best chilled soup there.  It was a carrot, ginger soup (with other seasonings that I've since forgotten) and it had a great silky texture.  It is the best soup I've ever had in Ithaca in a restaurant. The salad with heirloom tomatoes and a balsamic reduction was amazing as well.   We thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered and also loved the pickled green beans they provided when we sat down.  They were so good we went home and made some the next day.   Wine selection was also great. Fine Line is vegan-friendly and the food is just wonderful.   We'll be back!
I see Fine Line as a great option for having a "nice" dinner out. We try to avoid going out to eat a ton, but certainly enjoy a nice restaurant meal here and there. We've had dinner once and brunch twice here and have not been disappointed. They're a bit on the higher price side in Ithaca, but the food has been quite good and the service great as well. My husband and I are vegetarian/ pescatarian and we like that Fine Line still has great options that showcase vegetarian ingredients. The scallops appetizer that we had with our dinner a few months back was amazing- great flavor and perfectly cooked. For brunch we haven't been disappointed either, most recently having the vegetarian omelette and the Betty's Bene eggs. The omelette was perfectly seasoned and cooked just right, and the Betty's Bene was also delectable. Great lattes as well.
What can I say, I am in love with Fine Line Bistro.  I have eaten here many many times and have never had a poor experience. The decor is modern and the space is intimate. The restrooms reflect the fine line between heaven and hell which is amusing.  The food and service are upscale and professional.  I would dare to say that this restaruant is the crown jewel of Ithaca.  Seth is amazingly creative with his sauces. The short rib has been a long time favorite as has the swordfish which is usually what I am given when I ask him to choose for me. The restaurant also has a fine seclection of wines to choose from and it is not difficult to find something to compliment the meal.  Fine Line is a deffinate date night restaurant and a place to unwind and enjoy a delicious meal.  I highly reccomend it, however... I have recently had an experience here that has left me wondering if my hard earned dollars might be better spent elsewhere.  I arrived on a Friday evening, with the chill of Autumn in the air.  The place wasn't too busy yet, being 5:30 pm, there were a couple of tables available inside as well as a few seats at the chef's table, the outside tables were empty.  The bar seats in the back were filled.  I was waiting for a friend and wanted to have a seat and a glass of wine before dinner(we had planned on eating at the FLB).  I was told by Tim the waiter who has waited on me half a dozen times or more that every seat was taken (which I could see clearly was not) and that I was welcome to stand in the corner or outside and wait.  AS I mentioned before, the service here is top knotch, so imagine my surprise at such a response. I was dissapointed at this point and rather than argue that there were several seats still open, I left.  Perhaps for the last time.  We shall see....
In for the weekend and found this place on Yelp and gave it a try. Parking was a bit difficult on a friday night as the place doesn't have it's own parking lot.  We walked in and it's a cute little trendy place with about 15 tables.  Two counters to eat at as well which would be fun with a friend to watch them prepare meals while you chat. The waitress brought out an amuse bouche of pickled carrots that was really different and tasty.  Not many places bring you something to snack on anymore so that was a huge plus in my book.  I ordered the lamb which is always a favorite of mine and he ordered the Ahi Tuna.  Two glasses of wine which were reasonably priced with a varied selection.  The lamb came out perfectly prepared, amazingly juicy and seasoned.  The Ahi was also beautifully prepared and was gone before I even had a chance to try a bite.  Honestly the same can be said for the lamb since I ate ever single morsel. Cheesecake was ordered for dessert and was a perfect finale to the meal.  The check came and was exactly what you would expect it to be for two great top choice entrees, two glasses of wine and dessert. I would definitely recommend the place for anyone looking for a great dining experience with casual dress but a special occasion, fun atmosphere.
Fine Line is one of the best places to eat in Ithaca.  My husband and I discovered it last fall, and we have never been disappointed.  We love sitting at the counter and watching the preparation of the different meals. Some of our favorite dishes are the scallop appetizer, chipotle mussels, the pork tenderloin with espresso BBQ sauce & grilled polenta, the burger (the fennel makes all the difference here - plus the fries are delicious).  Though the menu is not particularly long, each dish is really well executed.  I wish they would add another sandwich, like a veggie burger or grilled chicken or pork, but other than that I have no complaints about the menu. The wine list is good too, with excellent choices.  Try the Hermann Weimer dry reisling with the chipotle mussels. So delicious. The real reason I'm writing a review for Fine Line is that we were there recently the night before Cornell graduation with a large party.  Most people in Ithaca know this is a chaotic night to go out to dinner.  The staff at Fine Line really went above and beyond.  Our table was ready on time, the service was great, and it was a relaxing pleasant meal.  For dessert, we had the avocado panna cotta, which my husband and I have had before and have often talked about when we are thinking of desserts at home.  We like it the way it is served, but also had been talking about that we thought it would go really nicely with a spicy chocolate.  My husband was so bold as to ask them to make a little chocolate sauce to go with it, and they not only made it, but the chefs were happy to chat with us about the different flavors for a minute as we were leaving.  Everyone left feeling that not only our server did a great job, but the chefs were really involved and gave great service too.
So glad I went here again last week.  It had been a while, and I'd forgotten how very pleasant it is.  Warm and inviting, and the food is so great...with lots of options for healthy, vegan or vegetarian folks.
I've passed by this place several times, intending to drop in at some point, slightly intimidated by its slightly expensive, limited menu bistro persona, but eventually caved in because I was so bored with other Ithaca offerings. I'm SO GLAD I did! This place it fantastic! The decor was divine - a great combination of hip, edgy and cosy - and the staff was super friendly, so my initial fears were quickly assuaged. The place was also surprisingly bustling for a Thursday night, which is always a good sign. Being a picky vegetarian, I was a bit worried that the somewhat limited menu wouldn't offer anything I really wanted. There were just a few veggie options on the regular menu, mostly pasta and salad-based, with a note indicating other dishes could be altered to be meat-free, and I'm wary to spend $15 on pasta when I can make it at home for pennies. We were handed a supplemental sheet with the nightly specials, and they all sounded amazing. We were given pickled stringbeans to munch on while we deliberated. Totally bizarre but delicious! I ended up ordering a roasted corn and artichoke salad, and was not disappointed. It was full of flavor and substantial enough to make a meal. My partner devoured his burger and "pommes frites," some of which I snagged and can therefore attest to their yumminess. I decided to splurge on desert, something I don't usually do. In this case, it was well worth the extra $7. We ordered the Chocolate Bomb, described as a cream cheese based chocolate mousse served with chocolate biscuits, fresh mango and a raspberry coulis. Ours also came with a few blueberries drizzled with honey. Sweet little touch. Each was presented separately on the plate, so you could pick at them individually or combine flavors as you saw fit, which I appreciated because I hate to have things drenched in super sweet sauces. The biscuits were actually two large round pieces of pure chocolate of the posh specialty hand dipped variety and were AMAZING. The mousse was three large dollops of heaven. Wow. Not exactly what I was expecting - I'm not sure what I was expecting really, an upscale whoopie pie maybe? - but so much better. Novel, unique, something you wouldn't find elsewhere, which is what you want when you go out to eat. I think Lola's review was pretty much spot on, and I'd agree that the place would benefit from a more extensive menu and slightly lower prices. But overall, it was a great experience with fantastic food, and I'll definitely be returning, with guests.
Went to Fine Line Bistro for the first time with my sister last week.  We met on a Thursday night at 7pm.  Restaurant was busy without being overwhelming.  Atmosphere was chic and hip.  We had pomme frites for our appetizer and I really enjoyed them with the dipping sauce they came with.  I had the pork tenderloin with bbq espresso sauce.  This dish was magnificent.  The pork was juicy and flavorful.  It was served over a polenta.  I had something really wonderful for dessert, but can't remember exactly what it was called.  It was a mousse, of sorts.  The coffee was robust and satisfying.  I had a very nice evening and I am planning on taking my fiance there tonight for dinner.  It will be a surprise.  Great job, fellas.  I'm looking forward to another meal.
Came here with my girlfriend last weekend, as she recommended it quite highly. The pickled carrot appetizer tasted pretty standard the cut was a bit strange for the utensils I was given. We shared the lamb and the pulled pork sandwich. The lamb was absolutely fantastic and well worth the money. However, the pulled pork left a lot to be desired and I was still kinda hungry by the end of the meal. As such, I got the bread pudding, which was unique, but with an interesting texture for bread pudding. If I rated this place on nothing but the taste lamb and dessert, I'd give it 5 stars. However, with the prices and there being menu items not worth their price, I'm pretty on the border between 3 and 4 stars.
Possibly the best restaurant in Ithaca. However, it is very tiny. I always get grilled salmon and my boyfriend gets pork chops. They never disappointed me. They give out mini appetizer, and they are awesome as well!  It's kind of pricey, but where else should I go for decent food?!
My kind of place.  Extremely knowledgeable staff, and friendly to boot! Food well prepared and tasty, able to see when it is ready and delivered to table.   Do yourself a favor and enjoy an evening at Fine Line.....don't forget the bathrooms, you little devil!
Finally tried the Fine Line Bistro and will not be going back. Very pricy for small portions dominated by the carbohydrate. Protein portions tiny. Very nice sauces, but the meats were poorly prepared. The burger was so dry it was not edible (no offer to refund the meal, though). Medium rare flank steak was nearly raw, had gristle and was hard to chew. And a tiny portion to boot. A big disappointment and a big bill.
Generally have had good experiences here, but recently hosted a small group dinner (6 people) and they didn't handle it very well. Waited 30 minutes for our 7:30 reservation (and if you've ever been there you know there's really no where to wait!). Then, at the end of the evening, the staff started closing up before we were done. Plus, I have to say that in terms of the dinner, the presentation and the overall quality just wasn't there. The ambiance is still nice, but the front and back house staff seem to be getting a little tired and maybe taking things for granted. Time for a staff refresher I think.
It is a fancy French restaurant that doesn't have pleasant surprises. The price is a little high, but the environment is nice and often requires reservations. The food is tasty, but nothing special. Maybe it's a good place to go for some special occasions.
Had the crab fritters, pulled pork sandwich, cheeseburger, pomme frites, and bread pudding. Delicious!  Fresh take on american. Everything tasted amazing. The bread pudding was the best I have had!
Great atmosphere, highly recommend the cheesecake!
Food o.k.  I heard the burger and the steak were awesome, perhaps best in Ithaca.  I don't eat beef.  My swordfish was bordering on dry on a bed of tasteless cous cous with not quite enough braised yummy cabbage.  The cabbage was the highlight.  Parents beware - NOT child-friendly, despite what they may say.  I dropped by one evening to see if it would be appropriate for me and my fam.  Waitor insisted that we should come.  When we came, waitor would not allow us to halve orders for our three kids, no kids menu -- offered to make up doggy bags for us?!? I asked if he was really going to force us to order a $23.00 entree to see our 3 year old take 3 bites - he asked the chef, and then returned with an offer to make a "special" tasteless buttered pasta dish for him.  Toddler dumped it out on the table, and I could hardly blame him.  Our (ages 7 and 9) girls were forced to have the $10.00 burger.  I've heard so many good things, but me thinks those folks have never been to Hazelnut...or Stonecat... or maybe just have gotten used to mediocre Ithaca restaurant food????  Or maybe they had the burger or steak.
