Although I was initially unhappy with my hair, the staff at La Salon Bianca did an amazing job at fixing it. I didn't like my first cut or color, but within hours of my initial negative review, Kristina reached out to me with the intent of fixing my hair. This salon provides the best customer service I have ever seen from a hair salon. The staff (who are ALL wonderful, graceful, and accommodating) seems genuinely interested in improving their skills to provide the best service possible for their customers. I was back in the salon within a  week, and my hair has never looked better. Kristina really listened to my needs and hopes for my hair, and colored it beautifully. I felt relaxed and taken care of. All the other ladies in the salon left with smiles, and I was happily among them. Received many complements when I went out the night after having my hair done.  I've spent two years looking for a salon to go to while I'm in Rochester for university, and I've found it. I highly recommend Kristina for those looking to change their hair color in a natural, flattering, and noticeable color.
Great service, nice girls but I believe I got overcharged, $56 dollars just for a trim and some layers!
This is the best haircut I've ever had!  Audrey is a genius with curly/frizzy hair.  The whole staff is so friendly nice and helpful - go!
This salon is a very elegant and cozy place with quality hair stylists. It's tucked away in the new tops plaza off Jefferson road. I was greeted very warmly by the receptionist as well as the owner who is extremely nice! They showed excellent customer service and were very personable.  I had my hair cut by Audrey, a master stylist there, who is also very friendly with excellent customer service. I felt very pampered the entire time, they offer you a beverage when you walk in: bottled water, coffee, cappuccino.  Audrey took her time and consulted with me through out the entire time I was in her chair, and made sure we were both on the same page and that I liked what she was doing or about to do to my hair. Very pleased with La salon Bianca.
I came in as a walk in, since I was just visiting Rochester.  Tracy was great - I was trying to recreate a haircut I had a few years back. It was a complicated and specific look.  I normally feel really awkward about asking stylists to fix my hair. She took the time to cut my hair just the way I wanted and made me feel very comfortable about giving feedback and changes.  I couldn't be more happy with the result. Thank you Tracy and Salon Bianca!
