I went there for Shellac nails and a facial right before the holidays. This is the 2nd time I've been there and so far, I've had very pleasant experiences with Michelle, a hairstylist, and Sandy (waxing, facials, etc), with drop-bys from the owner himself to make sure I'm enjoying myself. The Shellac nails were done by a very nice girl however I've had better quality "final product" elsewhere (Scruples in Webster). There are some bumps that were not smoothed over and some edges that can use some filling in. All in all, not bad- you have to look close to notice. I'm not unhappy, I've just seen it done better. European Facial by Sandy- $65 for 60 minutes in heaven-on-earth. I highly recommend this and will be giving gift certificates for Christmas. Sandy does a skin analysis and welcomes you into the most relaxing, refreshing hour you've enjoyed in a long time (if ever!). She's so sweet and easy to talk to but lets you guide the pace of small-talk so you can enjoy the entire hour in peace if you'd prefer. This facial involves, moisturizing and exfoliation (all adjusted to your needs) arm/hand/shoulder massage, heated towels, heated mittens on your lotion soaked hands; not a minute wasted. Its amazing... very highly recommended. Thanks to all at Larijames for offering down-to-earth pampering services close to home!
I was extremely excited for my first appointment at Larijames & walked out very unsatisfied. Although I was greeted politely by my stylist and the receptionist, I had such an uncomfortable and disappointing service. During consult, my stylist, Christian, was unwilling to listen to my requests. Having done color and cuts many times before, I understand the process and services I expect to receive. Nonetheless, I merely asked for a simple all-over one-toned color (Grey/Brown) that would cover my highlights and roots w/o any hints of orange. My stylist and his coworker proceeded to tell me that what I wanted was ash and not to call it grey even though I wanted the grey tones, not the ash. This coworker kept interrupting my consultation with my stylist as her and her client complained about "young women demanding crazy colors such as blue and green!" Gee, way to make me feel comfortable with such petty comments. After an hour of repeating myself of what I wanted done, my stylist mixed an orange copper tone explaining to me that it would  make my roots shine and tone my highlights down. That worried me because that wasn't anything I said for the past hour.  I didn't want to insult him by telling him how to do his job but it only got worse. During application, he tugged and pulled my hair roughly while jabbing profusely onto my scalp with the application brush. I have sensitive skin but I can withhold pain. However, I just couldn't wait until this was OVER because my stylist was unpleasant and hadn't even attempted to develop rapport with me as I was seeking a new permanent stylist because my old one moved. There was no "would you like anything to read or drink or can I get you something", NOTHING. I work in the service field and couldn't believe the nonexistent service I was receiving even though I was MORE THAN POLITE by thanking him anyway. During my shampoo, my stylist sprayed water that got all over my face and I couldn't help but think, "good thing I don't have makeup on today or it would've been washed off." It was the worst shampoo job I've ever gotten because he rarely even touched my scalp. I tried to wipe my face and ears but he yanked the towel from me! While blowdrying, he tugged on my knots roughly & didn't even bothering straightening my hair as I requested. Still, I tipped him a generous $10 for his time. I will never return to this stylist again because my experience was very bad and I left with orange tones in my hair as I had requested numerously that I didn't want. I know that my highlights will show over time as the applied color fades but the orange is what I had seen after closer look at my hair inside of the salon and there was no going back to that stylist to have it fixed because I don't think he likes his job. It seemed like he hated his job and was very unprofessional and less than knowledgeable about coloring hair. I would rather pay double the cost to receive a pleasant stylist who listens and loves their job as opposed to one who hears only what they want to hear and do what they want to do on a client to get the service quickly over with. After my hair appointment, I had a scheduled brow and lash tint at 11:15am. I sat in the lobby staring at my orange-toned hair until 12:10pm. The receptionist claimed that my appointment was at 11:45am and I know that's a mistake because the same day that  I spoke to her, I was told I'd be done by noon to get to my doc appointment at 1pm. Still, I patiently waited and didn't bother to argue with people who liked to talk over their clients as opposed to LISTENING. I was late to my doc appointment but my esthetician, Sandy, made my visit worthwhile. She made me feel welcomed, comfortable, and did an phenomenal job on my brow and lash tint. I'm not disappointed about being late to my doc appointment after seeing Sandy. But I wasn't very happy that the receptionist did not honor scheduled appointment. I'm glad I came to Sandy for my brows and lash. She even did what all people in service do, sell sell sell. She told me all about other services such as lash extensions and even talked me into sculpting my brows even  though I haven't trusted anyone doing them in over 5 years. I can't wait to return to Sandy for the same service but could only hope that my original requested appointment is honored and not discretionarily changed.
The only person I trust to cut, color, and style is Lindsey. She knows what she's doing, was trained at the Paul Mitchell school in NYC. They take pride in their work. I highly recommend any one and every one to go to her.
The best salon in Rochester, hands down. The folks here are extremely talented, and the owner is wonderful. My wife goes to Larijames every 3-4 months for hair, nails and facials. After visiting several different salons over the years, she says Larijames is by far the most professional, with the nicest interior and the best staff. According to her, she'll never go anywhere else. Every time she comes home after getting her hair done by the folks at Larijames she looks amazing. Highly recommended!!!
