Sun is an authentic, unique and delicious dining experience.  I've ordered something different every time i've there and i'm a creature of habit.  They've found a good balance between creamy, tangy and spicy dishes. Their black rice menu is pretty unique yet delicious. You can't really go wrong with anything you order from this selection from sushi all the way to the tasty black rice and mango dessert dish. Their soup and noodle dishes always hits the spot for me, especially on a cold day.  The service is great with the waiters being very attentive.
I loved my visit to Sun! My friend and I were in the mood for something different and he suggested Sun...we got there on a late Monday afternoon which was perfect. The restaurant was quiet, spacious and we had excellent service right away. We started with the Thai Iced Tea, which is delicious by the way! We also had coconut shrimp for our appetizers. I had the pumpkin stew with beef as my entree, with rice on the side. It was a wonderful soup, but it was not served in a pumpkin as the description notes. My friend ordered the Pineapple Boat which is served in a pineapple with black and white fried rice, scallop, shrimp, squid, peppers and asparagus, all with a sweet taste due to the pineapple. We both took a long time over our meals and neither of us could finish our portions. The menu is absolutely huge so give yourself time to relax, really think about what you'd like to try here and ask the waiters (who are all from the Burmese community in Buffalo) what they would recommend. Take advantage of the amazing ethnic food Buffalo has to offer.
Found this on yelp.  Went for lunch today. We were seated fairly quickly and water showed up.  After taking a look at the menu, we settled on: Chicken Curry (Kyit Thar Aloo Hin), Burmese Flat Wide Noodle (Kat Kyay Kite) , Spicy Tuna Roll (Black Rice) and Hot Sake. All of the entrees included salad with a creamy orange dressing and corn.  It was very tasty.  The dressing was slightly spicy.  Today's soup with a vegetable & tofu tom yum.  It had tomatoes and other veggies in it.  Pretty tasty, not too spicy.. I asked for the Chicken Curry very spicy.  When I first tried it, I was initially disappointed because it was not that spicy.  Then I realized that there were tiny pepper seeds on the top of the chicken.  OMG.  That kicked it up to 1000 rather quickly (I ended up scrapping a lot of that off)  As I was eating the chicken, I was reminded of something that a) I really liked, b) had eaten a lot of and c) hadn't had in a really long time.  Eventually it hit me that it reminded me of Sree's ORIGINAL tamarind chicken (circa 2003) (Pittsburgh area restaurant/food truck).   The Burmese Flat wide noodles were very tasty and my SO was quite pleased with them.  They were tasty and the shrimp was the just right level of done.  Nice and fluffy and tender.  YUMMY. The Spicy Tuna had a very nice presentation.  The black rice was interesting.  Slightly crunchy.  The avocado was VERY good. The Hot Sake was pretty tasty.  Standard, but tasty. Service was a little spotty.  It was hard to get the water refilled.  We would certainly go back again. Totally worth the trip :)
There's a reason this place is the #1 rated restaurant in Buffalo NY! I have never ordered something I did not like.
visit in upstate New York from Huntington Beach California. Stopped for dinner one evening and enjoyed the food so much we came back the next day for lunch. Soft shell crab was delicious - both with black rice and Burmese style.
This place has been owning it since day 1. I'm not at all surprised they expanded. If you go here, get the traditional Burmese food! I LOVE Own no koksware & Mont hin gar. Don't be discouraged by 'fish' flavored stuff; it's so mild & there are so many other flavors happening. You will enjoy it. I promise. For appetizers: fresh spring rolls (with avocado and shrimp, and this amazing sauce, swoon), and veggie dumplings. Nom. If you really wanna play it safe (don't tho) the curry is on point. I prefer panang noodle. :D
Went there on Sunday. Amazed by their black rice menu. Really delicious black rice rolls. The Mango avocado roll, definitely classic, tastes amazing and the coconut shrimp roll, which is also great. The wide flat noodle tastes good but a little too spicy for me. And I don't really like noodles with sweet hot sauce but that's only personal preference. What I like the most is actually the dessert the black rice custard with mango and strawberry! It is a must have to me!
While there are some more interesting items on the menu here, it wasn't quite as good as Taste of Siam. I started with the black rice salad, which was something I'd never had before. The waiter mentioned that the chopped tiny chiles (held off to the side of the dish) were quite hot, and man, he was right. Not to be trifled with. Otherwise, this was a unique combo. Kind of sweet, sticky black rice, with mango, cashews, peanuts, and other veggies. Be warned though, it's a HUGE serving. More than one person needs if you're also getting an entree. For my entree, I got the red curry with beef, which was good, but not great. The flavors were standard, and while it was a large serving, it was mostly broth. I'm totally happy eating broth with the rice, but I order these dishes mainly for the veggies, which there really weren't a ton of. So, it was tasty, but could have been a little bit better. The service was prompt and friendly (thanks for that chile warning - I love hot food, but whoa momma) and the price was reasonable. I'd say I would come back? But I ended up at Taste of Siam, and based on one visit each, I prefer Siam.
Must try their black rice salad. Don't ignore the lime. You gotta mix everything (i'll skip the red chilli). Better come as soon as they open because service is kind of slow and it takes a while for them to serve the food (not a typical asian restaurant).
"What is Burmese food like?" is the question I'm most commonly asked when I mention how good Sun's is. Though there are Thai influences, Burmese cuisine is in its own category. I can't describe it; you just have to try it. I've been here for business meals, dates, and hanging out with friends. The black rice menu is a must-try. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered off this menu but the highlights are the lobster roll and mango roll. The lobster roll is pricy but it's the meat from an entire lobster tail with ripe mango and avocado in a gluten-free wrap. The ripe mango really puts it over the top. It is paired with a sweet chili sauce and a burn-your-tastebuds-off hot sauce. My go-to entrees on the regular menu are the catfish chowder (mont hin gar), pumpkin stew, and Burmese flat wide noodle (kat kyay kite). The noodles are super spicy but I enjoy it though I know it hurts so good; I love spicy but it hurts. For appetizer, the coconut shrimp is delicious. The Papaya and Tea Leaf Salads are good but are an acquired taste and may not be everyone's cup of tea. I do not recommend ordering the Burmese milk tea here. It is very weak and is not made in the traditional way which is a stronger tasting tea with evaporated milk and sugar. Authentic Burmese milk tea is similar to Indian chai minus the spices. The thai tea is okay and the thai tea with lemon is like a lemon iced tea but with a little bit of that thai tea kick. Service can be a little slow so if you're in a rush, you may do better to order ahead for pick up. Also, it gets very busy at dinner time so I strongly suggest making a reservation or calling ahead if possible.
Good - food was tasty. Bad - went for weekday lunch but it was clear that they must've been few servers short because many tables were not yet cleared and it took half hour for us to be seated. Service was mixed because our waitress was friendly and nice, but two parties who came after us got their food first before us. We were hungry and typically eat fast, but our lunch took over two hours to finish. It cut into our Niagara Falls visit time. Not recommended if you value your sightseeing time like I do!
Really good food!! We had chicken curry and pad kee Mao , both were delish. Also  papaya salad and black rice rolls were great!! Service is little slow though.
Been coming here two years.  Going straight down. Prices have gone up service is terrible.  My server did not speak English. Not even enough to get by.   So dissatisfied
When we moved up here from NYC we were told by some Buffalonians that you have to go all the way to  Toronto to find good Asian food. Well I can confidently say they were wrong. Sun Restaurant is the real deal. We ordered a bunch of stuff and it was all good. Beef Curry (Burmese)- Tender braised beef in a dark curry sauce. served with rice. if you are in the mood for something meaty you'll like this. Children's Pad Thai (Thai) Really good we were surprised that the portion was so big for a Kids menu. It came with a few dumplings and a soda. Pretty good deal for $6. Catfish Chowder (Burmese)- This was my dish and i really enjoyed it. it was topped with fried garlic bits and a fish cake. I was expecting to find chunks of Catfish in it but i think it was ground into the broth. The broth was rich and full of deep flavor. There were a ton of vegetables and the portion was huge. Served with a crispy lentil cracker. Chicken Curry with Paratha (Burmese)  This is basically like roti with a fried pancake. The curry was really great. but i found the pancake to be overly greasy. Sun Combination Platter  We got this because my kids were begging for something fried and so this was ordered. This was the 1 dish that i would say was alright but would probably not order again. Some of it was really good. like the somosa and the squid rings but the fried gourd didn't really work for me.  also the dumplings were just alright. Red Curry (Thai)- Standard Thai Red curry very flavorful and smooth coconut flavor. Not really much heat but it was still good. It was a bright pink color which is not what i am used to but, it still tasted great. Eel Roll (black rice sushi)- Standard Eel roll but made with black rice rather than sushi rice. I found the rice to be a little hard for maki but i overall not bad. Black Rice Salad- this is a sweet salad that plays mainly on texture i think. There is the crispness of the fresh fruit that sits on a bed of red lettuce that sits on top of some black rice that is coated in a sweet sauce.  The description says that this is the dish that made them famous. I could see why. Burmese flat wide noodles- a bit on the spicy side, but really good nonetheless. I only had a couple of bites of this but it was very good. We had a great time here, the wait staff was accommodating and friendly. we will be back.
You know those days where the thought of picking up a kitchen utensil and whipping up dinner is absolutely unbearable?  And, the idea of picking up the phone to order another pizza or a few cartons of lackluster Chinese food is even worse? Or, do you find yourself having the following conversation almost every weekend: Me: What do you want to eat? Him: I don't know. Me: What are you in the mood for? Him: Whatever, as long as we don't spend a ton of money. If you suffer from any or all of these dilemmas, drive yourself over to Sun on Niagara Street and get ready to add another restaurant to your list of dining establishments to visit regularly. The first time I came here, my fiance and I both were battling the roughest of hangovers (okay, maybe it was just me).  I had once again over-celebrated the night before with one too many glasses of champagne.  We were too pathetic to grocery shop, cook, or even change out of our jeans and sweatshirts before leaving the house. Although Sun has a very nice atmosphere, we also did not feel out of our element in our casual clothing.  We were very happy to slide into a booth, lazily play on our phones, and zone out without any [noticeable] judgement from the staff or other diners. (I swear we're not normally this awful.) We immediately ordered some Thai iced coffees-- delicious, rich and creamy.  We almost felt like we were starting our meal off with dessert... and that was A-OK.  After all, we already felt like garbage, so what's a little bit more indulgence?   After gulping those bad boys down, our server came back to take our orders and answer all our questions.  I didn't have the brain capacity to decide on a meal so she was very helpful and patient.  We ended up ordering the black rice salad to share (a no-brainer considering there's a sign in the entrance area stating that this is the dish that made them famous), the Burmese flat wide noodles and the chicken coconut noodle soup. The black rice salad was really incredible.  The flavors of the cashews, avocado and mango were fresh, vibrant and blended together wonderfully. The salad was so delicious it was worth the trip alone.  With every bite, I think we both started to feel more like human beings again.   However, it wasn't until I received the bowl of Burmese flat wide noodles in front of me that my day (and hangover) really began to turn around.  This dish is s-p-i-c-y but the hot flavors don't make the dish inedible.  Even though my face was bright red and sweating, I ate and ate and ate and ate.  While I loved the heat from the dish, it was the thick delightful noodles that really won me over.  The combination of those soft, hearty noodles, the chunks of perfectly cooked chicken, and the hot garlicky broth was exactly what I needed.  Prior to this experience, I had no idea that Burmese food could be the perfect hangover food! The bill was less than $50 and we both left feeling tremendously better and had leftovers for later.  If we hadn't ordered the iced coffees, it would have been even more reasonable too.  Important to note: parking was a breeze and there wasn't a wait. Since our first experience, we've gone back once and our second trip did not disappoint!  We decided to order the same entrees (once I find something I love, it's over), but instead of the salad, we tried some black rice rolls to start instead.  Everything I tried was fantastic, but I especially enjoyed the mango roll-- truly bursting with flavor, almost like a bite of sunshine. Once upon a time, I became annoyed with my fiance for always relying on me to make our dining decisions.  Now, I love having the opportunity to suggest that we visit Sun for any occasion, hungover or not. :)
We were in the area and wanted "something different" before heading back to rural NY.   Using Yelp as my trusty guide, my boyfriend and I stumbled across Sun. I was glad to see they had a parking lot, for the out of towner not sure of parking rules in the area.  When we arrived inside we were surprised at how busy they were for lunch on Labor Day. The food at this place was AWESOME. We tried a lot of things, just because it was so difficult to pick. The black rice spicy tuna roll was great, as well as the fried rice and chicken and beef Burmese Curry dishes. The only downfall was that the service was not very good. As I said, maybe the restaurant was not prepared for the volume of people on the holiday, but it seemed like there were plenty of workers around. We had to wait a long time for our food, which was fine for a leisurely lunch, but rare for Asian food. We had to ask more than once for drink refills. It actually took so long for us to get our check, that we thought maybe we had to go to the front to pay. When we got there they printed our check, but the server apologized because she should have brought it to the table. Expect great food at this place - the service was not a deterrent because the food was so amazing!
The entire staff of this incredible Burmese restaurant likes to provide "southern" pleasures to dining guests, if you know what I mean. This went on under the radar (and indeed, under the table), for many years, until it was "exposed", so to speak, by Elton John... and later George Michael too. They were tired of receiving lacklustre "southern extras" from the staff here, so they decided they did not want any more southern pleasures accompanying their meals here. However, the staff continued performing these additional services, even when Elton and George asked for them to be left out. Prompting Elton (and later George), to write and record a song warning the staff not to perform such southern pleasures. The title of the song: "Don't Let The Sun (Employees) Go Down On Me". It seemed to work, because of all the times I have been here, I have never enjoyed southern pleasures, and so can only assume that Elton and then George were the final, ahem, proverbial, "nails", in the coffin of those under-the-table extras. So now on to the food itself. Sun is one of the best restaurants in Western NY, and it's also probably the best Burmese food you will ever try. I've had Burmese a couple of other places, although it's quite hard to find. Bizarrely, there is some Burmese inside the West Size "Bizarre", but this particular Burmese is the winner... by a mile. It also has an extensive Thai menu too, which is excellent. But the Burmese food here is absolutely off the charts delicious. The two dishes that I love the most are the beef curry (I forgot the name, it's spicy and delicious), and the eggplant dish (which is orgasmically perfect and by far my favourite). But everything they serve here is excellent. Burmese is a cross between Indian and Thai, perhaps, but it's so damn good. I don't usually like East Asian food, but I make an exception for the wonderful food at Sun. So bring everyone you know, rain or (Sun) shine, bring your family, your daughter, your Sun, don't even let a Sun-ami stop you, that's how good the food is. In your hurry to get here, don't forget to fill up with gas, I'd hate for you to run out. There's a Sun-oco nearby. Anyway I think I've Sun-g the praises of this place for long enough for one day, but maybe I'll write another review of this place on Sun-day. Now let's spread the word to all and sun-dry. Even if the place is closed down right now ('sun-der investigation for the optional extras which Elton John exposed. So to speak.)
Food and service was excellent!  We came for a late lunch on our way back from the Falls, based on other Yelp reviews and we are all pleased, even our toddler. None of us enjoy spicy food, and there was plenty to choose from the menu.  First we started with the black rice salad for an app and it was so refreshing and a great way to set the tone.  We ordered my son the chicken dumplings but he preferred the orange pieces from the salad.  The server was nice enough to bring us a bowl of orange pieces for him to eat and we had the dumplings.  Those were par for the course. I enjoyed the Chicken Coconut Noodle Soup. I wasn't sure how I felt about the hard boiled egg, but once I had it I understood.  Then I gave my son some of the noodles and he devoured them.  It was a huge serving and so good. My husband had the beef Pad Thai Beef which was also delicious.  Noodles were perfectly cooked and weren't mushy.  My MIL had the Burmese Fried Rice and that had lots of fresh veggies and wasn't oily at all.  My FIL had the Seafood in the Clay Pot that came out piping hot.  I had a bite and it was yummy, without being overly fishy. The only negative is you have to go through a not so pretty part of town.  But, we didn't feel unsafe getting there . We will definitely be back to visit when we're in the area next time.  I'd even consider going when I have a hankering for good Asian c and a few hours to kill.
Every time the topic of best Buffalo Thai food comes up between my friends and me, a playful argument always seems to commence. I've always held to my guns and said Jasmine's, however, it seems like Sun is the unanimous decision from talking to countless people. I never have said Sun, well, because I never tried it. That is, until now... The ambiance inside immediately spells authentic. The smell reminded me of what a kitchen should smell like after cooking with potent, aromatic herbs and spices. The wait was about 30 minutes, which was okay with my friend and me. The waiting area was a little bit small so everybody who was waiting was kind of piled up on top of each other. When we finally go to sit down, we skimmed the menu and the thing that the restaurant seems to be pushing hard is their new Black Rice Bar menu. This is basically their rolls, with either raw or cooked assorted foods, made with black rice, instead of the topic white rice. My friend ordered a golden crispy shrimp roll, which I got to sample, and I have to say: it is very tasty. My obsession and journey to find the perfect pad kee mao is never ending and this restaurant was no different. I ordered mine hot and, man, it was good. I've had many pad kee mao's in my day and this is definitely a favorite. The only reason this place gets 4-stars instead of 5 is because the service seemed a little bit on the slower side. When we sat down to order, it seemed like forever until the waitress came back to take our orders. I'm not sure if this is the usual for them because they get people who aren't used to Burmese or Thai food so they allot more time? And then when we were finished, it seemed like another forever to get our check and pay. Apart from these things, the restaurant was very good and would recommend.
This place would have been 5 stars if we got good service. Food was amazing! We got the chicken curry with paratha for appetizer - the chicken was delicious! The paratha was oily but together they tasted great! We also got the green curry and the Burmese fried rice... It was really really tasty... I'm really picky about my Thai food and this definitely met my expectations :)
Amazing food!! I am buffalo born and raised. Ive actually had the pleasure to work with a few of the current staff here at different positions else where the in buffalo. most of the staff and all the cooks are Burmese or Thai born. they are amazing chefs period. and they cook from their origins. food is love and they show it. Someone said they have a large menu, that's true. Order Thai and Burmese style dishes and you will not be disappointed. You will not find nicer service. Though many are not native English speakers language barrier not an issue at all. I tell all my friends and family if they like Thai go there! Go to Sun!
Finally, another place off my 'to-do' list.  But, another place on my 'to-do-again' list.   Wow.  That was some VG eats!  Looking forward to come back for dinner so I can raise my rating to a 5. They have taken an old Black Rock area building and turned it into a very nice place to dine.  Nicely decorated interior and a unique "Black Rice" preparation bar adds to the ambiance and dining experience.  I'll be back. Slainte'
This is one of those gem restaurants in the middle of no where. Decor is warm and intimate. Booth seats are spacious and comfortable. Service is prompt. And the food is delicious. For appetizers I went with one of their popular dishes, Chicken Curry with Paratha. The paratha reminded me of a scallion pancake (not a bad thing), flaky and crispy exterior with a chewy center. The paratha was great on its' own but it was outstanding due to the chicken curry that was served along with it. The curry had a full and robust flavor; mildly spiced with tender chicken pieces and perfectly cooked potatoes that just breaks with the slightest pressure from your tongue. I would order that curry with rice next time cause it was just delightful to the palate. My complaint: the price seems a bit high for such a small appetizer, at $8 bucks, but I guess I'm paying for uniqueness as I won't be able to find anything like this in Buffalo. For entree, I ordered the Burmese Flat Wide Noodle with Beef (aka. Kat Kyay Kite). If you are a fan of Thai food, then you will notice it to be similar to your typical Pad See Yew; broad noodles with a nice flavor profile. I wasn't getting much of the sour part of the dish but definitely the hot. The spice in this dish was more than I expected, I asked for medium and it turned out to be blazing hot! Lips and tongue burned but I still liked the dish, no pain no gain! Other people may not enjoy it as much, as the dish has potential to numb your taste buds to a point where your dish becomes tasteless. We don't want that right? So I would suggest you go down a notch on the spice level. The other entree I was able to try was the Chicken Coconut Noodle Soup (aka Own No Koksware). It was a sweet and savory coconut curry soup. The noodles were cooked to perfect firmness, the chicken was super tender and juicy, and the soup seemed to compliment everything very well. I'm just being picky here as it didn't ruin the dish, but I have to be a critic right? So here goes, the hard boiled egg was overcooked. A ring of green was around the yolk so that's how you know it was overcooked but like I said, it didn't ruin the dish and it was still yummy to eat. By the end of the night I was too full to grab dessert but looking at the menu I liked how they were reasonably priced. $3 bucks for green tea or red bean ice cream! You can't beat that! I would have definitely gotten some of that if I had space to spare...will have to take a rain check on that.   Overall I had a pleasant dinner here. I would highly recommend you try this place out as I am already telling myself I'll have to go back there to try the other dishes, especially that chicken curry...mmm
Given i'm not from around these parts, but this place seemed to be beacon of light in a bleak area culinarily speaking. They were not open when I arrived, but I went down the street to the waters edge, caught the sights and returned to a way better meal than I ever could've imagined. Unexpected interior and exciting flavors. Go with friends, order lots of things, appetizers and entrees and then share. Too much good food to be had: one dish will never feel like enough.
Not only the best one in local, maybe also one of the must go ones in US. I was totally shocked by the great taste. Give yourself a treat and come to taste the delicious food.
Different from Thai and Vietnamese although they offer both along with their Burmese specialties. Try the house specialties if you wish to be surprised. We ordered tiger roll, and the Sun roll along with black rice salad. Light , fresh and delicious. The staff was efficient and friendly and the facility, though small, has a sushi bar and comfortable seating. We will be back soon. So happy to find this jewel.
My friends and I absolutely LOVE Sun. To start, I recommend trying something off the black rice menu. I really like the Sweet Potato rolls. It's like having your dessert before dinner-- the sweet potato has a nice crunch and the sauce that comes on it is a perfect balance of sweet and tangy. For a main, I tend toward the Thai food. The red curry is yummy and the panang is good, but the green curry is my favorite. It's spicy, but not overwhelmingly so (I've got a moderate spice tolerance). The Basil fried rice is amazing. I like to add soy sauce to taste. Off the Burmese menu, I've tried the pumpkin stew. It was good, with a salty broth and chunks of pumpkin, but I wouldn't order it again with a plethora of other options. Sun is really reasonably priced, especially if you opt for the veggie and tofu, chicken, or pork options for your main course.
It might just be me but the entrees were rather bland. But they were really sweet. But i give the restaurant a 4 because their black rice is really good. The rolls are amazing! I think if i had ordered a black rice entree, it would be a 5.
FINALLY got to Sun for the first time a couple weeks ago.  Amazing Burmese & Thai food - this place truly lives up to its stellar reputation regarding food AND service.  Wait staff was patient with us & explained dishes in great detail (even recommending that someone NOT order a certain dish because he felt it would be too spicy for her palate - much appreciated!) What a wonderfully enjoyable & affordable meal!  I tried so many different items (between my own dishes & helping myself to everyone else's) so I'm just going to list them all: Chicken Curry with Paratha: Multi-layered, flaky texture bread served with our slow roasted Burmese chicken curry sauce for dipping.  VERY yummy starter; there were 4 of us so we paid $3 extra for another paratha, which is basically a cross between a pancake & pita. 4 different maki rolls made with black rice - ALL were amazing.  The one with lobster on top was my fave - succulent & sweet. Chicken Coconut Noodle Soup (Own No Koksware): Burmese chicken egg noodle soup with coconut milk, turmeric, boiled egg, onion,and crispy flat noodles.  I had a small spoonful of friend's soup & I will order this next time I go for sure. The 1 minor disappointment - mango chicken.  It was fine, but hotter than friends thought it would be when they ordered it; also, it was served on the dry side - I prefer a saucier dish. Pineapple Boat: Black & Wide Fried Rice, pineapple, scallop, shrimp, squid, pea carrot, egg, red pepper, asparagus,and scallion.  This was AWESOME!  Not much spice though - on the sweeter side. We shared a bunch of rice desserts & they were all fabulous.  The Sticky Rice with Thai Custard was very uniqoe & completely unexpected - delicious. I wouldn't say the place is "kid freindly" but I would take my well-behaved & food-adventurous 4 year old there for sure.  I'm sure my husband could find something he likes as well, considering all the spicy options they have.  I cannot WAIT to go back!!!!
Huge menu and so many options! I ordered a delicious avocado smoothie and a salmon platter that I also liked. Our sever Emily was very attentive and courteous and we gave her a big deserved tip!
Absolutely amazing! We were not sure based on the neighborhood --but we were really happy that we went for it. Atmosphere is very peaceful and relaxing. The food was spectacular. Our group of 11 (including five children) all tried something different.  My 3 yr old LOVED the pumpkin soup! Everything was awesome and we're really glad we didn't let the exterior deter us from enjoying some of the best Asian fusion food we've had!
Kudos to the owner/ manager of Sun because she sent me a message to say thank you for my review.  I like it when a restaurant care and appreciate what their customers have to say! We got takeout from there a couple weeks ago, and it was another great experience and great food.
Delicious! weird neighborhood, but the bus goes right there. The black rice salad was fantastic as was the black rice in sweet coconut milk dessert. Yum. We also had a noodle dish that was a little too sweet. Prices are so-so.
Absolutely excellent dining experience!  Comfortable interior with a friendly,  knowledgeable staff to assist with questions.  Every plate I've tasted is fresh and layered with flavors. I always go back for the steamed dumplings and order something new every trip, never leaving hungry or disappointed.   The prices are quite reasonable, most entrees are under $20 and the portions are quite generous,  they usually end up being lunch the next day.   How have I gone this far in life without knowing about black rice?! One day,  I promise myself,  I will order the Bird's Nest.
Yum! Grand Avocado Roll, Sweet Potato Mango Roll, Samusas, veggie Fresh Spring Rolls, Black Rice Salad.... Everything was great.
The kava they have I love to buy for me which really I got as tasty. Trying to enter at this place for long time but at this boutique Samoa I couldn't. Finally in the last week just the visit was nice for getting experience for this place. My quest finally got nice impression for this place.
I was in the area with friends and we decided to check this place out. Their menu is expansive and they have meals for everyone. My girlfriend is vegan and I'm the exact opposite and it's always difficult to find a restaurant with meals for both of us. The food was really excellent. I was actually surprised by how delicious it was given the price. Not to say it was only good because it wasn't expensive. It would have been excellent regardless of price. We will definitely go again even though it is very out of our way most days. Worth the trip. Area isn't the greatest, which is the only downside, but that isn't the fault of the restaurant.
Buffalo's diversity is best experienced in the food! I'm so glad I got the recommendation to go here bc I was nothing short of intrigued and excited to try so much food! Because Buffalo has such a large Burmese population, I have always been curious about their native cuisine. The sushi made with black rice is phenomenal. You can tell that they care a great deal about their ingredients, so I was so glad to see various rolls with sweet potato, avocado, mango and seafood. The chicken curry with paratha was just divine - loved to see the regional similarities in foods of Southeast Asia, with the slight variations. The samusa soup was incredible and the eggplant curry I got was also very good. I cannot wait to return here to try more things!!
If you find yourself on this stretch of Thruway on your way to somewhere else, you would be wrong to ignore the really good restaurant in your midst. War of 1812 battles took place here in Black Rock.  In its heyday, bars were common on most corners.  European immigrants here worked hard and drank hard.  This neighborhood eventually fell on very hard times but the latest influx of immigrants is shining a bright light on helping to get Black Rock back on track.  Sun Restaurant serves up an exhaustive menu of Burmese cuisine and other popular Asian dishes.  If you're expecting fast food Chinese, keep driving.   Based on the number of restaurant reviews on Yelp, this may be the most popular restaurant in Buffalo.  You won't go wrong trying anything on the menu but I'll make just one recommendation for dessert: southern Burmese black rice pudding.  It's really a porridge that is typically served for breakfast and if this place were open for breakfast, I bet it would rival doughnuts and coffee in popularity. It's always dangerous to buy in to negative stereotypes of any neighborhood anywhere because you may miss a truly amazing experience.  Ignore Sun Restaurant and it will surely be your loss, too.  I congratulate the wonderful owners for planting a stake in one of the city's oldest and neglected neighborhoods.
I've been to Sun a few times now, and everytime has been delicious.  They have definitely changed since I started going there.  For starters, they never used to have English names for their foods... leading to lots of butchering of food names. Secondly, their business has gotten so much busier with each visit.  This past Friday, there was not 1 open table during most of our time here! For the food: There is a dish I have gotten twice in the past that I really can't remember what it was called... I *think* it was the Nan Gyi Thoat (Rice Noodles with Chicken Curry Sauce).  Either way, the dish is I loved was chicken simmered in delicious spice over rice noodles and served with a bowl of nondescript broth -- you are supposed to put the noodles into the broth and make a soup.  If anyone can confirm or deny this, please let me know so I can edit this! This past Friday I got the Burmese flat wide noodle.  It said spicy on the menu, and my tolerance is not very good for spicy food, but it had a perfect amount of heat.  The star of the meal, however, was the black mango sticky rice that I ordered for dessert.  So many reviews here mention the black rice.  Looking at the entrees, however, I wasn't thrilled because I don't eat sushi (it's a consistency thing), so I was saddened to see that many of the dishes were sushi or seafood.  I decided upon getting this dessert... and I am so glad I did!  The rice was so sweet paired with the mango and fresh strawberry.  It wasn't very sticky at all -- just delicious!  I wolfed down the whole plate in minutes, and wished I had another one! The service on the most recent trip was slow, but that's understandable because it was a full house.  In other trips, its much quicker and also much more dead.  The service is friendly and the owner is a very sweet lady, jokingly asking us if we were both 21 when she explained the alcohol to us.  Overall, this is my favorite Asian restaurant in the city, and I love love LOVE having Burmese cuisine as an option.   Good job, Sun Restaurant!  You guys deserve all the love you get from us here on Yelp!!!!
I LOVE this place. Most authentic Burmese/Thai place in Buffalo if not all of WNY! Since I already frequent Thai restaurants for my favorite Chicken Pad Thai (Thai Orchid in Williamsville, Saigon Cafe on Elmwood Ave), I like to order Burmese dishes whenever I come to Sun. I have ordered the chicken pad thai there before, although this is not where my favorite pad thai is... their Burmese dishes, however, are awesome! We have tried many dishes over the past year... Spicy chicken, stirfry clear bean thread noodles, Burmese fried rice, sesame chicken, curry chicken, Burmese noodle...etc. EVERYTHING is delicious! As far as appetizers, their tom yum soup is the most flavorful thing you will have ever tasted, but it is a little spicy so I would not recommend it if you cannot tolerate any spiciness. We also love the summer rolls, which have avocado in them and adds a nice flavor. The deep fried spring rolls are nothing special, but the curry chicken with the naan is a must eat!!! We have also ordered some black rice sushi rolls off the menu - can't say they were my favorite, BUT I absolutely love the mango black rice dessert!!!!! The only dish I remember anyone ever not liking was this beef dish, can't remember the name but it was like a brown sauce and came with white rice. The beef was REALLY tough and almost inedible, although the sauce and flavor was great. Another thing is when you order chicken dishes, make sure to ask about what kind of chicken it's made with. For example only the noodle and fried rice dishes come with thinly sliced chicken breast. A lot of other chicken themed dishes may be other areas of the chicken and mostly contain bones. So definitely watch out for that if you're a "chicken breast only" person. Also, they can adjust the spiciness of most dishes to your preference, but there are some dishes that cannot be made completely mild, so just make sure you communicate clearly with your server - they are usually great, except last week they had a newbie and I don't think he really knew what he was doing, which was fine since we're regulars and knew what we were doing. Oh, and they have a Malbec on their wine list!!! Yet another reason why we love it there so much. If you're a beer drinker - definitely try the Sapporo RESERVE. It's even smoother than the regular Sapporo! Just make sure you're ordering the reserve - they don't have it in stock all the time. Lastly - make a reservation!!! We showed up on a Tuesday night around 8:15 and it was still quite busy! Don't even bother showing up during dinner rush hours on weekends without a reservation!
Happy to see Buffalo has (some) good Asian food. My Burmese flat noodle lunch special with fish cakes came with a deceptively spicy side salad with sesame dressing and a sour vegetable soup. Great start. The Burmese flat noodle was like a hot and sour version of pad see ew. Good but I'm still more a pad see ew fan. Btw, I did not see pad see ew on the lunch menu. The fish cakes in the noodles were near street food perfection though :) Do not get this noodle dish if you can't handle fresh bacteria killing galangal. The decor reminds me of a casual Italian restaurant in a Jersey suburb. There are Tuscan earth tones with a hint of yellow gold. There is a somewhat out of place mini chandelier There are booths that look like they belong in a diner, likely a vestige of an earlier establishment but also perhaps intentional. The portraits of everyday Thai and Burmese life decorating the walls, however, quickly remind me what kind of restaurant I'm in. There is a 60's tiki bar if you need reassurance that you are dining in an Asian restaurant in America. Glass adorns your white tabletop for easy cleaning. It's good for the environment and keeps the establishment in top top shape. They also serve black rice sushi which I believe is of the glutinous variety. Not sure how well that pairs with raw fish but I will give it shot if and when I'm in these parts again.
I'm shocked that I haven't left a review for Sun since I've been here several times and the food is excellent. It's never missed, and I look forward to more visits so that I can try more of the menu. Highly recommended.
Today is my second visit to this place. The first time I came here was for dinner, and it was crowded. The service was a little slow too that day. Today I came here for lunch and there was no wait. Our food was served pretty quick too. Everything is excellent at this place. Don't forget to get the black rice mango sushi for appetizer and black rice with mango and strawberry for dessert.
I am not really sure why this restaurant got rave reviews because I think the food is mediocre. It's decent and better than Chinese fast food options.  Don't get me wrong, the service was very nice.  The hostess, manager, and servers are all polite and they all regularly checked on me to see if I got everything that I needed.  My server did get my order wrong but they fixed it right away.  I ordered black rice with my meal but instead they brough out white rice.  It's not a big deal and I'm glad they didn't give me a hard time when I asked them to correct my order.  Here's a rundown on the dishes I tried: 1) Side salad; The dressing had a nice kick to it. Imagine thousand island dressing with sriracha.  I thought the corn kernels on the side salad gave it a nice touch. 2) Soup: I wasn't a fan of the soup that came free with the meal.  Imagine miso soup with a sour taste to it.  I'm not sure if they put vinegar or lemon in the miso soup but I am not used to sour miso soup. Maybe other people may like it, but I just don't like the combination of miso flavor with a sour taste. 3) Mango juice: No complaints on this one.  I love mango and their mango juice had just the right amount of sweetness.  I was unhappy that they were out of Diet Coke--but then again, that's because I'm addicted to Diet Coke. This was the only reason why I ordered mango juice for my lunch. 4) Chicken Pratha: This appetizer was really tasty. The pancake was pretty oily and it would have been good if they blotted the pancake with a paper towel or something to soak up the oil.  Other than than, this is definitely a must have for starters. 5) Red tomato beef (L4 on the menu): This dish was ok.  It was salty and mixing the sauce with the black rice helped tone down the saltiness. My friend would have liked this dish because she loves salty food. She salts everything and she would have been a happy camper if she had this dish.  The beef slices they used was really tender and they didn't skimp on the beef so that was a plus. messed up my order (gave me white rice when I wanted black) 6) Fried banana: This dessert was ok too.They wrap the banana in rice paper (like the one they use for eggrolls) and then fried it and served it with ice cream then drizzled with chocolate syrup.  I have no complaints with this dish, but my mind was definitely not blown.  I must say, nobody can compare to the Fried Banana Ice Cream (FBI) from Anchalees in Berkeley, CA. For the price I paid (and for all the food I ate), I think they are reasonably priced.  I would come back again and try their other dishes if I'm in the area.
Wow! I had heard great things about this place and it really is that great! I was expecting a dumpy place with good food but the restaurant is really cute inside with music setting the mood. Our server was really sweet but didn't speak much English. When I asked her if the dumplings all had chicken in them, she didn't understand at all. No big deal. We had to try the black rice so we started with the mango roll. Amazing. It had such an earthy flavor, delicious. Then we ordered the Sun Platter which is hangover heaven. It came out with 4 dumplings, 2 green (Veggie) and 2 brown (chicken), as well as fried tofu, calamari rings and some other fried yummyness. Dipped in siracha= yum. For entrees we really wanted to try Burmese so I ordered Burmese Flat Noodle (Kat Kyay Kite) with tofu. It came out kinda like pad thai with green beans and egg. And its spicy! I will crave this when I get back to Miami. My bf had the burmese fried rice with pork. He said it tasted less greasy than most fried rice dishes. So delicious. We can't wait to come back!
This is a fine restaurant. I have never been to Myanmar, so I can not claim to know how authentic the Burmese cuisine is at Sun. However, the dishes offered are quite varied and everything I have ordered has been delicious. The vegan friendly the menu is a real plus, with markings to denote anything that is or can be made vegan.
I've been here twice now and it seems like everyone else likes this place more than me. I will go here because it is a place with gluten free options for my boyfriend but I probably won't love it unless I just stick with sushi. The first time I was here with friends I ordered something off the Burmese menu. They recently redid the menu and I can't even tell which dish it was now. My noodle dish was served with a sauce which tasted like creamed cooked egg yolks. It wasn't terrible but it definitely wasn't great. When I found out about their extensive gluten free options I immediately wanted to go back with my boyfriend. I started with the spicy tuna roll. I will give their sushi a five star rating for sure. The texture of the rice is great and the fish is fresh. The Tom Yum soup was spicy as I ordered it. I wished there would have been more of a variety of vegetables in it but it was mostly cabbage. For my entree, I went for the red curry with pork. It tasted like they used frozen peas and carrots. The pork was really stringy and the sauce was so spicy (ordered medium) that I could barely eat it. My boyfriend ordered the Burmese Beef Curry. He thought it was good but probably wouldn't order it again. He really liked the slight hint of anise that was in the sauce. It's really nice place looking place in a not so nice area of town. The service was great. They were pretty quick to fill up our waters. I'm glad that this is here as an option but it was the third "Asian fusion" restaurant I went to in the past month and it definitely did not do it for me like the others.
Very good food- reasonably priced- extensive menu both Burmese and Thai.  I ordered and devoured the green curry with seafood (Shrimp-mmmm very large and tasty, scallops, and mussels)  Waiter was "kinda" helpful with explaining menu items, but very patient.  Dessert was a cooked banana in a fried wonton shell with chocolate drizzled over- not sure if that is authentic to the cuisine but it was darn good.
I am quite picky about Asian food but the food here is so delicious! Stylish and nice environment! Friendly and welcoming staff! So sad I'm on a run to another city, otherwise I would definitely come back for more!
I keep returning here and am impressed how they can grow their business and keep the quality so great.  The family that owns it has a great great story and I couldn't be happier for their success. As for eating here, remember the owners are from Burma, so be sure to try some of those dishes, especially the salads.
Food was great as usual. Really wish I could give this place 5 stars but once again service was extremely slow starting with out drink order on through to the desserts; which by the time we got them we were ready to just go home. It also seemed like a Big deal that we Asked for more rice a few times, as we were a big party and shared all of the dishes so we needed more than one rice bowl per entree. Will still definitely come back, as I mentioned above the food is excellent !!
Absolutely wonderful! Food was delicious and the waiters were spot on! We're from out of town and it was so nice to sit with the whole family and all enjoy something different, unique and incredibly delicious in this relaxing environment. Will be going back when we're next in town!
So enjoyed our dinner last night at Sun Restaurant. Busy Saturday night with Excellent Service, superb choices and delicious . We had not been in a while and so glad to return and with so many choices. Vegetarian, fish, vegan, glutton free , as well as, beef, chicken, etc. Everyone happy and do love the extended Black Rice selection. Thank you Stephanie and Kevin.
I've only had take-out and other non-restaurant associated interactions with Sun - just a note.  Though the restaurant looked quite busy and really nice when I was there to pick up food, so I'm totally excited to eat there at some point. First, to get it out of the way, I'm pretty much in love with their mango sushi rolls.  Their black rice rolls for anything are quite good.  It's a unique experience, but totally worth and mouthwatering. I had a taste of two dishes when I did take out the last time.  One was one I was only half-interested in, partially because I had decided to be experimental with my own tastes and found I am still stubborn about eggplant.  Oh well, it still tasted good and was well-cooked, even if I don't like eggplant.  But then I tried my friend's curry - mmm so good.  It was flavorful and packed a nice burst  of spice.  The vegetables seemed good too.  It was also very saucy - perfect for soaking all your rice in it and having a curry rice finish to your veggies. There's a lot to this menu - it's not a 'normal' collection, so it's a great place to experiment and try new things.  Nothing is exotic, though, it's just different kinds of dishes for those times you don't want to same red curry you get at any other Asian restaurant.  It's a definite place to think about for your next take-out/eat-out experience.
So glad to finally get out to Buffalo and eat at Sun!  It was a great experience, and I look forward to coming back again. There were so many things that I liked, it's hard to know where to start.  But let's give this a go: 1. Everyone was SO friendly. My friend Lindsay A. and I walked in and we were immediately greeted with smiles and welcomes. It was almost as if they knew us and were happy to see us! 2.  Nice large booths made dining comfortable. 3.  Despite being on a busy street, the window coverings do a great job of dampening the sound and sights of Niagara Street. 4.  The food was EXCELLENT.  Really and Truly outstanding!  Let's break it down: *Thai Iced Tea - Sweet, but not too sweet, not watered down but plenty of ice to keep it cold, the color was just perfect - clearly the ratio of ingredients was perfect for my taste... and of course a good-sized portion * Lunches came with a soup (tom yum I think) and small salad.  The soup was ok. It was mainly broth with tofu and a few pieces of vegetables.  I wasn't expecting this, so it was fine.  The salad was ok. I'm not a huge fan of corn on salads so I picked around that because I did enjoy the dressing.  It wasn't spectacular, but again wasn't expecting these small starters. * Burmese Flat Wide Noodle (Kat Kyay Kite) - I was in the mood for some spice, and the menu listed it as "popular" so I thought I'd give it a whirl.  I ordered the vegetarian option without tofu. I stated I didn't like tofu and was about to decide on something else, but our waitress insisted I could get this with just vegetables.  Alright then!  I'm typically not a fan of flat wide noodles because I think they can easily be ruined - overdone or poor presentation, but there was NONE of that here.  Immediately I mentioned to Lindsay A. that the textures were great.  The veggies were done well... crispy but not raw, and the vatana bean texture really added to the dish.  The flavors were so good.  I ordered it medium, and it had some kick to it, but not too much.  And the NOODLES.  They were perfect!  I hate a mushy noodle - but it was perfect.  The bean sprouts added substance and the scallions were light and fresh.  I really really enjoyed this dish, and ate the whole thing.  Honestly, aside from the company, this dish made my day. 5.  The owner/chef came out and talked with us for a while.  He is so proud of his food, and he loves to talk about it.  I thought it was great, and I learned a few things too.  He seems to have a strong sense for marketing, and he wants you to enjoy the food he makes.  This is one of the few times a chef has ever come to my table in any restaurant, and I was happy for this interaction. 6.  Service was very good.  Food came out quickly and correctly.  Our server was attentive and polite. A really good experience. 7. PRICE - Very reasonable, especially for lunch! I still had some cash left for tolls to get home! I have one somewhat negative thing to say - and in the grand scheme of things it is inconsequential. The smell of the dining area was reminiscent of a childhood friend's living room. It's not the memory I would have conjured up for lunch at a Burmese restaurant... it's not that it was bad smelling, it was just surprising for me...and It can't take away from the 5 stars I'm giving Sun!
I came here upon visiting friends at Suny Buffalo and seeing its amazing reviews on Yelp. OMG, one of the best restaurant picks I've ever made. We shared two curry dishes, two sushi rolls, the fish cake black rice salad, and noodles. Everything was SO good. The presentation of the food was nice. And you felt healthy eating the food too. None of that ITIS feeling afterwards. My friends and I left incredibly satisfied and only wish that they were located in NYC. I crave for their black rice still. Definitely stopping by again if i'm ever in the vicinity.
Mmmmm curry. Great service. Didn't try the black rice dishes. Guess I'll have to come back. I do wish the coconut shrimp appetizer was a bit of a larger serving but you don't want to be getting full on apps either.
After hearing such great things for awhile now, so glad my wife and I finally made our way over to Sun. Everything went great and the food was Amazing. It was Saturday around 6pm when we showed up. And the place was busy and without being packed. The interior is clean with an Asian wood influence. To start we ordered the Burmese Chicken Curry with Prata appetizer which was sort of like a piece of fried dough upon which you spooned some nicely flavored curry. For entree I had the Amare Thar Hin which is nice sized chunks of beef, in a Burmese curry, served with Rice. The flavors where a nice savory cross of star of anise and chili. I ordered it spicy and they did not disappoint. The heat was a slow build up as seeds from chili made there way to the bottom of the bowl. By the time I was at the bottom I was red faced and teary eyed which I expect to be if I ask for spicy. Not sure the name of what my wife ordered but it was a noodle dish with a pad thai like flavor. If you like Ethnic cuisine, you can easily see this place is highly recommended. After stopping in I can see why. Can't wait to come back and explore the menu more.
The owners BOTH contacted me immediately & apologized for my dinner & asked me to try it again. I'll update after I go back but it's nice to see owners so concerned. I added stars for that simple fact
This is quite simply the best Asian/ethnic/fusion/adventure you can go on.  I almost wanted to take a star away just because I strongly despise where this place is located but the food is too good to take away from that. With that being said this joint is in the slums.  But that shouldn't stop you from checking it out.  The inside is a little bit of an awkward setup.... kind of like you all are sitting in a big living room.  Sometimes the music (if any) is really low so it seems like tip-toeing in and watch-what-you-say was the mantra.  Nonetheless, I've been there a few times and each I have tried something completely new to me that has been down right delicious.  You can go there with a specific cuisine in mind but open up that large menu and you will be changing your mind for days.  Any newbies to either Thai, Burmese, Chinese, Indian should go here for even more of a flavor explosion.  Don't be scared to try any of the black rice dishes because they are dynamite. I have yet to have dessert here so that will have to be my next venture. But the taste for the price simply has me going back for more alone.
Good food, interesting options, like black rice sushi (also available at Orchid in Kenmore), and nice owners. I would go there more frequently if the portions weren't so small that I end up thinking it was a bad value. A small plate of bean thread noodles with a handful of vegetables seemed like a bad deal. On the other hand, if you like sweets, my friend loved her coconut milk sweet rice with mango. Their soups are a better option, and the sushi is good. I had the whole fish once, which was also good, but a bit of an ordeal navigating all those bones.
yep, it's all true. This place deserves all of the stars, at least in the food side. We stayed mainly in the Burmese side of things, we have some great Thai restaurants nearby, but no Burmese places. I had Burmese food before, in Philadelphia, and I wonder why isn't it more popular in this country. The flavors are wonderful, and the cuisine, well it's what fusion chefs dream they may be able to invent. Having said that, I must agree that some of the dishes are a bit too strong for the average person, but there were plenty of delicious choices that were less strongly flavored. We had for appetizers: Samusas, the Burmese version of Samosas, deliciously spiced and served with a wonderful sweet/spicy dipping sauce. Burmese Chicken Curry with Prata, The chicken was cooked in this wonderful well spiced broth and caramelized onions, the sweetness and flavors of the spices melded beautifully and really flavored the chicken and potato pieces. I wish the pieces were smaller to share as an appetizer. The dish felt more like a main course than an appetizer because of this. The prata was tasty, if not homemade. Nga Pel Jyaw, Burmese Fish Cakes Talk about bold flavors! Both the spices and the fish flavor were strong and assertive on this dish. I loved it! But some of my friends were less than thrilled with such a strong dish. Spicy Rare Beef Roll, if you like sushi, and want try something different, this is for you! Also, if your dinner companions don't care for raw fish, or fish in general, go for this! The black rice makes this dish  exotic looking and tasting without being too out there. For dinner we had Shwe Payon Thi Hin with Chicken. Burmese Pumpkin curry. This was a very pleasant surprise.If you like pumpkin, this is for you! The flavors of the pumpkin really made this dish sweeter and less strong than the other ones we had. It was a huge hit in our table Tomato Nga Pi Git. This is a Burmese style braise with really strong flavors, I had it with shrimp. This was bold, almost too bold for me. But after a few bites, I really got into  the strong flavors and aromas of this dish. If you like Shrimp, I mean really really like it, go for it! Kat Kyay Kite- Burmese flat wide noodles. This was perfectly cooked on a wok, the mixture of char flavors and strong spices made this dish! I would probably order it when I go back there, since I only got a taste. Nan Gyi Thoat- Rice noodles with a mild chicken curry sauce. This dish, although very exotic looking, had nice home-y flavors, reminded me of spaghetti and sauce, but way more Asian. I would recommend this one to someone who's a bit intimidated by all the bold flavors. The desserts were a warm taro custard, that was delicious, but too hot for some of my friends, and black rice with coconut and mango, which I devoured Our server was really friendly, but the service was spotty, sometimes hurried, sometimes slow. Still it was not enough to deter us from going back for more!
Been here a couple times,  their food is very good, although portion is on the smaller side.considering their price is not cheap. And customer service is lacking, last time We came with a group of 5, when We arrived, We were the only ones waiting, they told us it would be 15 minutes wait, turns out to be a 60 minutes wait! Please don't lie to your customers, We get it that you are trying to keep us there, but that's too much of a over promise. You know how every other restaurant tells you it's a 60 minutes wait and seats you in 30 minutes? Should've done that, under promised and over delivered is way better than over promised and under delivered.  Not sure if I will be coming back.
As a Buffalo native and a foodie this is one of my favorite restaurants in Buffalo. I am a huge fan of cultural food and their menu offers both Burmese and Vietnames options including black rice dishes. I recommend this restaurant to everyone! I have been many times with different people and everything I have tasted on their menu has been absolutely delicious. The restuarant doesn't look like much from the outside and may be a little difficult to find. Not to mention it's not in the most gorgeous neighborhood but it is well worth the visit outside the main restaurant scene's in the area for this little gem.
For appetizers we got the samusa(I think it is purposely misspelled to differentiate it from the Indian samosa) and the sun combination platter. The samusa was good, but I see no difference between this and typical Indian samosas aside from the fact this was rolled up with spring roll wrappers/dough. The combination platter had calamari, two types of dumpling and some other stuff. Most were good from what I remember but I do remember the dumplings were really bad. They tasted burnt and even somewhat looked like it. They were also layered with oil and quite disgusting to eat. For main courses we got chicken curry, beef curry, and yaki udon with seafood. The curry were good and came with ample amounts of meat. The yaki udon was pretty limited. Tasted great but gave like only one serving of noodles which is barely a small fistful. Not to mention the seafood was like barely anything. Service wise, they were pretty quick to take our order but otherwise forgot about us. I asked for water twice of which the waitress forgot about us. Had to ultimately go up there and get it myself. With that said, I'd still give this place 4 stars as the food was quite good. Price is pretty expensive for this area considering the quantity of food u get for the price
Sun Restaurant was an amazing experience for both myself and my boyfriend! All the food we had was fantastic: Black rice with crunchy sweet potato Black rice with spicy tuna Pumpkin curry with fish sticks Burmese beef curry Everything was delicious and filled us right up. Definitely recommend the sushi bar over any other seating arrangement. The Sushi chefs were really fun to watch and chat with. We had a fantastic time!! Thanks Sun restaurant!! Tips: Make a reservation or come early on a weekend night. They full up quick! Try their apps! Super yummy and worth checking out!!
This is my first time at a Burmese restaurant.  I have eaten a lot of Thai food and they did have some Thai on the menu but I think the vast majority of dishes here are Burmese as I had not heard of most of them previously.  I have shied away from this general cuisine lately as they seem to want to punish me needlessly with red chili flakes wherever I go no matter how I order a dish and this place was no different.  It was pretty upsetting really.  I ordered a noodle dish that said it was mildly spicy and I ordered it mild and it was one of the hottest my wife and I had ever had.  I am so tired of this, I can barely stand it anymore.  Yet, I am still a fan of this place because I know how many people really like this.  I don't get it but the flavors were terrific and I loved the place.   I started with a black rice roll of mango, sweet potato, cucumber and avocado.  It was terrific.  Not spicy, served with a sweet sauce.  I should have stopped here because this was delicious.  I loved the black rice.  It was the first time I have tried it.  We also tried the pumpkin curry which we ordered medium hot.  I thought it was less hot than the dish that was supposed to be mild.  It is a great dish with a huge piece of whole pumpkin in the center.  I ended up eating this one and passing the ridiculously hot dish to my gracious partner in dining.  Why can't you just serve a dish of chili sauce on the side and not dump a huge amount of red chili flakes in my dish?
Umm...OMG writing this review is already making my mouth drool. Thank You Yelp for helping me find this place. Sun Restaurant is like this amazing restaurant that has made me since fall in love with Burmese Food. If i drove past this restaurant, I wouldn't even think twice about going, but thanks to Yelpers and their reviews, I gave it a shot. Before I go any further.. I LOVE YOU SUN RESTAURANT! Staff/Service (5): The waiter made some really great recommendations and was extremely nice and helpful. He was also very patient in waiting for us to order. Le Peth Thoat (5+): If a rating of 10 exists in Yelp, that's what this dish is. It's an authentic Burmese salad that has tea leaf, peanuts, and lime juice. I don't care if you're allergic to peanuts or not, you take that benadryl and try this salad! I was very hesitant to order it but since our Burmese friend texted us and insist we try it , we did. It has a bit of sourness to it but it is soooo refreshing and a perfect start to a perfect meal. I have been craving this dish and am dying to try to make it on my own. If you don't read any further on my review, it's okay... just know that THIS IS A MUST ORDER. Kat Kyay Kite (4): Good good good! I would totally give this dish a 5 but just to make it obvious how GOOD the salad above (Le Peth Thoat) is, I gave this dish a 4. If you've had Chinese beef chow fun, I think it's a bit similar but just a bit more sour and spicy. Lemongrass Fish (5): My mouth was on FIRE when I ate this dish because it was that freaking spicy. But despite that, I couldn't put my chopsticks down because the sauce and fish together was just too damn good that it was only okay to continue torturing my spiced up tongue. The fish is a fried a bit but you dip (or pour) the lemongrass sauce over it and eat it with rice. The sauce is what really makes this dish stands it.. I couldn't even tell you what's in this sauce except that there's lemongrass (i would think). Nonetheless, if you eat fish, get it. Sun restaurant, I'm sorry for doubting you when I saw your storefront. But you taught me that I really should not judge a book by it's cover (or a restaurant by its location/looks)..
The food gets 5 stars. I can't speak to whether it's authentic or not, but it's absolutely delicious. We've been here twice -- once when it was still at the back of an Asian grocery, and once after it was renovated into a beautiful, sit-down restaurant. I had the tea leaf salad, one of the black sticky rice rolls and spicy flat noodles. All had wonderful flavor -- not too salty, and delicious. The only reason for the three-star review is that this place can get crazy busy. I wouldn't describe the atmosphere as "quiet". We tried to go at 8 p.m. on a Friday night, and there was a 40- to 50-minute wait for a table for three. It took 10 minutes just to get our name down on the wait list. The lobby and entryway were packed with people waiting. It was loud and uncomfortable. We left. I'd suggest going on a down night, or maybe going right when they open. I know I sound like a whiner, complaining about a line on Friday night, but one of my favorite things about Buffalo is being able to access great food without standing in the types of lines you see in bigger cities. I like to have time to enjoy a meal, without wondering who's waiting to sit down after me.
Once again through the advice of our fellow Yelpers we found ourselves in a wonderful little restaurant. Sun Restaurant is a bit out of the way for the average day trip to Buffalo but well worth the trek off the beaten path. From the outside you may not expect all that much, but once you step in the door you cant help but be impressed by the warm, tidy, modern interior. We were quickly greeted and seated in one of the booths despite only being a party of 2 and service was warm and quick. Now onto the food... The menu had a great selection of both meat and veggie dishes, a big plus always. The food was served quickly and was all very good and served in very large portions (enough for us to split all the dishes and we had left overs). Our order consisted of... broad noodles black rice mix veggie mango roll black rice yam...something roll panang curry (tofu and veg) crispy egg plant I dont know if we will try Sun's the next time we are in town but we will certainly be making a return visit and if you happen to be making a trip into Buffalo Id highly recommend checking this place out.
Awesome thai food! The chef recommended sun chicken reminds me of South Indian Briyani
The food here is great! Try the salmon avocado roll, it's amazing! One of the best sushi rolls I've ever had. The place is really cute inside and the serves are very nice. Order a thai ice tea and take your time with the menu. The secret is out, come early, this places gets packed.
1 star only because I couldn't go any lower. To start with they took more than 1 hour to get our food. This is when the restaurant wasn't busy. Even after 1 hour the waitress wasn't able to get the order correct. The food was horrible at best. They forgot to add salt in the soup and made one of the dishes super spicy. Only 1 out of the 5 dishes that we ordered was liked by anyone in our party. Surprised how good the reviews this place has got,  but I am not going to recommend this to anyone.
This is the second time that I have gone to this restaurant and my opinion remains the same. It's pretty darn good. With that said, I will explain why they are only getting three stars from me. But, first I'd like to say a few words about what I really enjoy about this restaurant. The ambiance is very simple and inviting. I like that they have live plants and the hostess' station smells like fresh cut flowers. Something a little strange though, is that I read all these great reviews for this place and both times we ate there we were only one of two groups eating. It may be the location. This is fine by me, I prefer dining in a quitter place. Having to yell during a meal is annoying. There was only one girl working doing double duty, seating and waiting. She was a delight. She greeted us with a warm smile that lasted the entire time. She was very polite and patient. Patients because, they have a large unfamiliar menu and it took us a while to decide what we wanted. She didn't show a hint of irritation. Our group ordered three apps and two entrees. For starters we tried the fried gyoza, samusas with hot chili dipping sauce and a spicy grilled salmon roll. Now don't get me wrong all the apps were very tasty but, the fried gyoza came out steamed, which I didn't really mind, except that's not the way it is on the menu. The samusas were fried perfectly. They were light little pillows of deep fried goodness only to be elevated by the chili dipping sauce which complemented them flawlessly. And then the sushi, eh. Not bad but, nothing special. I get the gluten free option of using black rice is kinda cool and different but, in my opinion not necessary for their menu, it's big enough as it is.   Now for the entrees. I had a Burmese dish called Mont Hin Gar. Fried bits of fish, vermicelli noodles, ginger and garlic in a tomato based stew. It was incredible. It also came with crispy fried lentil chip/cakes which were a nice addition. It had some good heat to it and the flavors were balanced well. The best part about it was that the fish remained crispy while I was eating it. Highly recommended dish. What my friends ordered on the other hand was kind of a let down. They ordered chicken pho and said that it was very bland. I tried a sip of the broth and could not identify it as being pho. This is one of the criticisms I have for this place. They try to do too much on their menu. Given my friend's should have known better ordering vietnamese at a Burmese/Thai place. The last thing that I need to mention is about the cleanliness of the restaurant. Overall not bad but, I did notice a couple flies buzzing around. Not a deal breaker for me but, something that needs to be addressed by the owners/staff. Other than that I like this place and will be back there again.
My girlfriend and I had heard about this place on Yelp and from some friends, so we decided to try it out for lunch.   We went on a weekday afternoon and were the only ones there, so we were seated promptly and had very attentive service.  It is decorated in traditional Burmese decor, which enhanced the experience.  You could tell it was a family-run business, and it's always great to support local businesses.   We ordered 3 sushi rolls (mango roll, green garden roll, spicy grilled shrimp roll) and a traditional Burmese noodle dish recommended by the server (kat kyay kite).  We were excited to see that the sushi was made with black rice, something we haven't seen in Buffalo yet.  All of the rolls were great, the spicy grilled shrimp having the most flavor.  And the Burmese dish was wonderful, similar in style to Thai noodle dishes I've had in the past.  All in all, a great experience, can't wait to try it out for dinner, and possibly the bird's nest soup if I'm feeling adventurous!
Tough to say anything bad about this place. Food, service, everything is great. Highly recommended
Went here for the first time about a year ago, and went again yesterday for Mother's Day. While the outside of the restaurant may look plain, it is very nice inside and comfortable (although the AC was on a little low 5/11/2014 and some people complained.) Tastefully decorated, good size booths, clean. The staff is welcoming and knowledgeable, with the excpetion of 1. The waiter we had on 5/11/2014 was a young man (don't recall his name,) who was very nice, but he was unable to answer faily easy questions about the menu. I asked about a drinks contents ...his response is he THINKs that this is what it is. Shouldn't be any question, he should have been educated enough about the menu to answer a question about a non-alcoholic drink. He also could not answer basic questions about a menu item on the Burmese menu. Leading us not to ask anymore questions. The other member's of the wait staff seem knowledgable. Not sure it this is a lack of training? Or if he isn't interested? Or if he is just too nervous and can't help but let the new worker jitters show. It also took a long time for our dishes to be brought out for entrees, and everyone else's came out rather fast. Wondering if he just forgot? The only complaint I have about the food is that I'm a firm believer of letting people know what is in their dishes. I looked at the menu and read the description for Kat Kyay Kite which is 'Burmese flat wide noodle with hot and sour sauce, scallion, garlic, vatana bean, and bean sprout'.....and ordered it. I ended up with scrambled egg in the dish, which I did not want, and took away from my experience for sure. The taste was great other than that, but from now on I will have to ask about egg when ordering dishes here. I also had the Samusa, which I thought were great. My Mom had the spring rolls, which she said were very good, and the Stir-Fried Clear Bean Noodles (Kya Zan Jyaw), which she enjoyed, but thought was a little lacking in vegetables. On my first visit I had Chicken Curry (Kyit Thar Aloo Hin), which was very tasty, and one of the sushi rolls. The chicken, I seem to recall, was not trimmed or off the bone in that dish, so I would always check on this personally when ordering chicken if you do not enjoy it that way. Over all I had a very enjoyable visit the first time, I'd give it an A. This second time was lacking a litle, a B-. However, we will give it another try again some time, keeping the above in mind because the food does taste great.
I had practically given up on Asian food while in the Buffalo region. But when I started thinking about complex flavours, the chewiness of the black rice, I realized that would be the same way I view food in California. You get past the first bite, find it enjoyable. Then start thinking about what it reminds you of, how you can relate to it, what new experiences are meant to be. This was also the first time my companion smiled on the trip when preparing for a meal. To put it simply, this is food a real Asian would eat. It tastes good-not too salty, not too sweet. The sauce is done right, the black rice in the sushi is a nice touch (southeast Asians eat rice stickiness/chewier than East Asians. When biting into the sushi, it isn't just pure soft. You have to chew a little. And you think about the food more that way).
Went to Sun for the first time and I loved it. I want to try everything on the menu. We started with the appetizer sampler and asked if we could have it vegetarian and they told us it would be no problem.  We had gyoza, their fried squash, fried tofu and samusas.  Everything was delicious and I can't imagine not ordering this every time I go back.  The tofu was cut in the squares and perfectly crispy. We had two vegetarian sushi rolls from the black rice menu and both were delicious. I loved the Monster Acocado Roll which had mango in it. We shared the pumpkin curry and I enjoyed that lime sell as well. The pumpkin reminds me of the pumpkin I had in Sri Lanka and while the spices were different, the dish was lovely. It had subtle flavors and a great mix of textures.  We ordered the dish vegetarian and it came with fried cubes of tofu in it which was unexpected but delicious. On my friend's last visit, she ordered a dish "without eggs."  The server then asked, "would you like it without fish sauce as well?"  So, I would rate this place as very veg friendly and veg aware.  Nearly Thai cuisine has fish sauce, shrimp paste or oyster sauce and many restaurants consider these ingredients vegetarian and will include them even in dishes labeled "vegetarian". I'm very impressed with the staff. When we left, the staff gave us the most heartfelt and sincere "thank you" I have ever gotten in a restaurant.  Loved this place.
Been there once about 6 months ago and recently tried them again at an event. Both times it was excellent and the service was superb. I havent been able to find good thai very much at all in Buffalo. I always had great thai while living in DC but Sun has fulfilled my desires and is great! Pad see ew was excellent as was the "own no koksware."
I went there for a Ladies Lunch and it was fabulous! They were very informative on the menu items & were very friendly. I reserved my reservation through there website & it worked out perfectly. We had a few ladies miss out & they were cool with the changes. The service was a tad slow but our waitress was very pregnant, so I did not care. We were not in a rush at all. The food was great, VERY fresh & I love the black rice. So cool! We highly recommend the "Avocado Roll" . So fresh & beautiful presentation! The place only has beer & wine but the girls got there "iced coffee" & they loved it. Everything was priced reasonably & the place was spotless! All in all - go there, it's awesome! ... xo
Best 'ethnic' food in Buffalo, hands down. Sun is primarily a Burmese restaurant that also has a Thai-food menu. They absolutely excel in every way at both cuisines and I love coming here to dine in, getting take out and introducing others to the wonder that is Sun. I've never had a bad meal here, although if I'm to nitpick I have had a few shrimp that tasted a little strange once and the beef curry Burmese dish being just a little over-salty for my palate, but still very delicious. As far as what to order on the menu? Heck, I don't know. Be as adventurous as you heart desires that day. Pretty much all their menu items have accompanying pictures to them which makes choosing an item easier (although it's still pretty hard, considering their 40 or so menu items). I can't really tell you what to get, but I can tell you that the Eggplant dish is amazing, their Kyit Thar Aloo Hin (Burmese Chicken Masala type of dish) is incredible and economical (it was $10 when I last dined here) and they offer black wild rice with their dishes, which is incredibly healthy and awesome! Even with their low(er) prices, this makes for a great date night restaurant with a beautiful interior. Even though it may not be in the best considered neighborhood, the ambiance in there is wonderful and makes for a great night -- and now they serve wine as well!
My son has traveled all over Asia and said this is the most authentic food he has had since he has returned to Buffalo. The menu is amazing, everything Is so fresh and the presentation is perfection!
I loved this place. Great food and an extensive menu. We went on a Saturday night around 7:00pm. It was crowded but the wait was not too bad. We sat at the bar. There, the service was a little slow, but we finally got to order a beer, little disappointed they were out of Shock Top but was able to settle for a Stella. We were seated about 25 minutes later, once again, because it was so busy the service was a little on the slow side but it was understandable. The server was apologetic and kind. The food was excellent, Basil chicken fried rice and some black rice sushi rolls. The ambience was small and quaint and even though we were at the dinner rush, we never felt hurried to have the table turned over. It was a pretty relaxing experience. Overall, I highly recommend this place based on the quality of food and the kind staff
Did not like my experience at all. I felt like I was getting severed buffet food at my table. Prices are cheap and servers are nice, but the food was not appealing to my taste buds. Maybe it was my selection for the night, I am willing to give it another try, maybe they had a bad night but I am not recommending this place to anyone till I have a better meal.
I was in Buffalo and hungry for some Thai so I checked out yelp to find a place with good ratings.  Holy Thai Food. THANK YOU YELP! This place is delicious!  I went with a group from work and we each tried something different.  The food was very authentic - I didn't know what most of the items on the menu were, thank goodness for the picture menu!   We will definitely be going back.
Buffalo finally has a second terrific Asian restaurant, in addition to Ming's on Main Street. Everything we have tried on numerous visits has been fresh, spicy when appropriate, and well prepared. So pleased to see that others are willing to trek to the far West Side for a great meal. But someone should tell Google that the restaurant is open, even if the Market is gone. Looking forward to my next visit...
I came across this place because it was advertised in a show in my hotel room. Being spoiled by all the best Asian foods in LA, I have to rate this place 4 stars. Reasoning: The broth of the shrimp and beef noodles was lacking in flavor. Both my mom and I agreed it needed salt or something to give it an extra kick. The beef was tender but the shrimp was slightly overcooked. Kudos to them for deveining the shrimp; it completely grosses me out when restaurants don't. The Burmese chicken curry was good. They use large portions of chicken and the chicken was super moist and tender. It was also spicy, which I appreciate. Most places idea of spicy is usually barely even mild to my taste buds. I think they could've given more rice for the curry and I wish they had brown rice. The papaya salad was also good. I liked that they had cut chili peppers on the side so we could adjust the level of spiciness. I did think the portion was on the smaller side but my mom and I were only able to finish the noodles and papaya salad. We barely touched the curry. While it is widely touted as a Burmese restaurant, they do have Thai and some Vietnamese dishes. This place is kind of a gem considering there were not very many Asian places to eat at during my visit to Buffalo... It'd be a different story if this place was in LA though. The service here was okay. Even though my waitress was nice, I had to ask her for a box, then another box, then utensils, then a bag. Isn't it the norm to just bring them all out together when someone asks for boxes togo? Also they need to wash their linens. The linen on my side of the table was dirty... Slightly off putting.
As other reviewers have noted, Burmese cuisine is a combination of Thai, Chinese, and Indian(ish) flavors, which are really some of the best flavors ever, if you ask me. Just a word of caution to the vegetarians out there, there's fish sauce in everything, but you can just ask them not to add it. Staff is wonderful and very accommodating. The restaurant serves both Burmese food and Thai food, but I'd say come for the Burmese. The Thai dishes I've tried (pad see ew and pad thai) fell flat; still more authentic than other Thai restaurants in the area, but lacking in flavor or seasoning. Maaaaaybe it was an off day, but the Burmese food here.......oh man, so good, so flavorful...this is DEFINITELY where they shine. So far, I've tried: 1) Kat Kyay Kite: oh my god, this was like a flavor bomb in my mouth. Perfect amount of spice - not so much that it was overpowering but enough to give the dish a great kick - and just the right amount of tang. I literally couldn't stop eating, and I'm bad enough as it is when it comes to pacing... When I finished my plate I wanted more. I dreamed about those flavors for days on end. I may or may not be salivating right now just thinking about it... 2) Sun's eggplant dish: I am a huuuuuuuge eggplant fan, and Sun really knocks this dish out of the park. The sauce itself is, I think, a Chinese influenced garlic sauce, quite tasty, although not my favorite (totally a personal preference, absolutely nothing against the dish itself). Now onto the eggplant: the crispiness is rather subtle, which is what you'd expect in such a saucy dish, so if you're expecting something battered and deep fried, that's not really what you're getting. The crisp they're talking about adds a wonderful texture to each bite when you can capture it. Also, the eggplant itself maintains that vibrant purple color, which is actually quite difficult to do when cooking eggplant. I got this dish with veg and tofu, but I'm sure it's delicious with any of the offered proteins. Oftentimes, I try one thing and if I love it, that's all I'll ever get. But Sun Restaurant's Burmese dishes are just so good, I feel as though I must try every vegetarian dish available. So...that's the plan. If you've been looking for a good "Asian" place, this is MOS DEF it. Oh, also, there's a parking lot, the restaurant after renovation is beautiful, staff all very friendly and welcoming.
I want to preface this review by stating that I ate out of a pumpkin! More on that shortly... So, we (my Girlfriend and I) went there last weekend for the first time. I saw them at the Taste of Diversity Fest (I think that's what it was called, anyway, it was over the summer and our favourite Ethiopian place was there. I digress) and I pointed it out and we decided to try it some time. So, some time was like seven months later, but I am very glad we went (and we're planning to go again tomorrow, hehe). For starters, we had this awesome black rice avocado roll, it was extremely fresh and everything really popped. It was great. So it took us like forever to decide what we were going to get, because though they have Thai and pan-Asian food which which we were familiar, there were a few things we were not. Plus the whole Burmese section of the menu. It's so hard to decide on your first dish from a place you've never been, you know? But there was a pumpkin stew on the Burmese menu. I am a huge fan of pumpkin, and although there were several other dishes I wanted to try, I kept coming back to the pumpkin stew. It comes in a pumpkin, how cool is that? So, clearly that is what I ordered (you probably figured that out from the preface, heh). My Girlfriend got this really good raw salmon plate (I can't recall the Burmese term), which was also excellent. We were so impressed that we decided that this weekend (tomorrow, oh yeah!) we were going to take a few friends with so they can try it too!
Finally, a great place to get some spicy food with flavor. Good food - good value - with spice!
I love Thai food, so thought why not try Burmese food. The Samusa's (samosa's as i know them) were very good. Very crispy and they potato filling had a great curry taste. I ordered the Own No Kotsware for entree on the Burmese side of the menu. The crispy noodles were a needed crunchy element. The noodle dish was flavorful, and i liked the egg and cilantro especially. I typically like a lot more spice, so i would recommend a dish from the Thai side of the menu. If im in the area again i will def go back and try a thai dish and see how it stacks up!   Oh, the water was delicious! It was flavored with lemon i think, but it was a subtle but refreshing taste, yum:)
Amazing food. Great service. Heard great reviews about the restaurant but was sckeptical to enter seeing the area but once you enter and eat food you are sure to be back there once a week.
I dine in once and got also take out couple of times. Food is good. Got the Samusa & Coconut Shrimp as Appetizers, both tasted really good. The tea Leaf Salad is very unique - you should try it. My wife got the Chicken Green Curry which was yummy (too much liquid but still very good)  & I  ordered Beef Pad See U - it was so so... I also had to try the Black rice mango roll which I really liked.
This is a VERY difficult review for me to write.  No.... my keyboard isn't on the fritz...... and, no....I'm not at a loss for words (NEVER!).  It's just that it's difficult to write something fair and objective when you KNOW it's good, even though you didn't particularly like it. Let me explain.  I went here last night for dinner with my "Taste of Diversity Group".  Yeah, I know.... how COOL am I?  Ten of us shared a meal in this newly renovated gem. Gone is the grocery store I'd heard about.... and in its place are lots more tables and booths. Which is good because it's quite the popular place. The owners are very friendly, so I'm happy to see that they are doing well. "Sun Food Market" serves Burmese and Thai cuisines.  Since I've never had Burmese food I decided to order from that part of the menu.  For the rest of you who, like me, have no idea what Burmese food is like, I'll tell you.... it's kind of a cross between Thai food and Indian food (both of which I LOVE) with a little Japanese flavoring mixed in too.  And, that was the problem for me.  While Thai and Indian are two of my FAVORITE cuisines, I'm not a fan of Japanese food.  That kind of fishy, kind of soy-ish, kind of udon-y, kind of miso-y flavor.  Just not my thing. It's good that I dined with nine other people who knew more about this kind of food and could appreciate it's quality and taste more than I could.  While I found my Nan Gyi Thoat (Burmese big rice noodles with spicy tomato sauce, eggs, split yellow peas, crispy flat noodles, fried onions, and chicken)  un-finishable (a rarity for me, to be sure).... the others at the table ate with gusto.... oooo-ing and aaah-ing as they wiped their plates clean. So this restaurant rating will be based on the average of their opinions and mine. And, what you may ask, did they order?  Fried Spring Rolls, Steamed Dumplings, Tom Yum Soup, Ky it Thar Alpo Hon (Burmese style curry mixed with Marsala, chicken, potato, onion, ginger, garlic, and chili), Thiamine Jaw (Burmese style fried rice), Mont Hon Gar (Burmese style fish noodle soup), Pad Thai, Yak Don (stir fried Japanese Don with carrot, cabbage, zucchini, bell pepper, and special thick soy sauce), and even a crispy whole fish.  And, everyone (except me) LOVED what they got.  Heck, they talked about coming back SOON as I stirred around my noodles making up stories about having eaten a very big lunch (ummmm.... it was a yogurt and 5 strawberries, to tell the truth). Anyway.... the service was good.  The water (while not iced) had a yummy lime taste to it.... and it was refilled frequently without reminders.  And the desserts: Sticky Rice with Thai Custard, Taro Custard, and Steamed Banana Rice were all AMAZING!  I was afraid to order my own, but my kind table-mates allowed me to sample theirs (REPEATEDLY!!!).... even though I didn't finish my dinner.
March 1, 2012 Dear Yelp: Over the years you have served me well when I'm in foreign lands (like Cleveland) allowing me to dine at the finest local restaurants as supported by your reviewers.  However, as a result of my hubris I never imagined I would be utilizing your services in my own home town, the Mighty Buffalo New York!!  I bragged of my knowledge of the hot spots, hidden gems, and the places to avoid, claiming I had an "encyclopaedic like knowledge" of the local restaurant scene.  Dearest Yelp, you have succeeded in deflating my ego because without you I would have NEVER found out about the Sun Food Market and the delight of Burmese Cuisine. Reading consistently high reviews for this hole in the wall in Riverside located in the back of a market I could not resist going.  Furthermore, the lull of Burmese cuisine (of which I had no familiarity) was like a tractor beam to my soul.  With my girlfriend in hand, I traipsed to Riverside and indulged in the menu.  While my girlfriend insisted we order the Spring Rolls (or suffer her wrath) I also tacked on the Burmese Chicken Curry with Prata.   While the spring rolls were excellent the Curry sang to my inner ethnocuisinologist demonstrating an amazing fusion between Indian and Burmese Cuisine.  The Prata (flat bread) was similar to lacha paratha, but I'm assuming made out of rice and fried in coconut oil...the flavors were so tropical.  But the chicken curry...oh it made my cry with delight with its Indian spice and slow roasted shredded chicken...just beautiful. Your reviewers all strongly recommended the Ginn Thoat (a peanut and tea leaf salad).  I expected a stronger tea flavor, instead the leaves were almost salty and fermented like...reminiscent of a black olive.  Overall, very enjoyable. For entrees we indulged in the Kya Zan Jyaw (similar to pad thai but made with tiny rice noodles) and Own No Kokswar.  While the Kya Zan was quite excellent and the rice noodles were far superior to pad thai noodles the Own No was my favorite dish.  Own No Kokswar is Tom Kha soup meets chicken noodle soup.  This is Burmese comfort food at its very best.  Picture moms rich chicken stock mixed with coconut milk, thick and chewy Burmese egg noodles and hard boiled eggs.  This dish sealed the deal for me...I will be back...oh yes I will be back. Thank you Yelp for cutting my ego down to size and introducing me to yet another hidden gem in the Queen City. Sincerely Yours, Joseph "Momofugu" L.
Saw they had a new "black rice menu", and had to come try it out!  Never mind the Buffalo Yelp Bucket List, number 60. We actually had two dinner entrees for lunch today, its what peaked our interest so we went with it.  And a beer - nice choice list on that front. Mango roll Lemongrass Fish Eggplant with chicken Black Rice pudding for dessert. Meal came to $40 - pricier than the last lunch, but well within reason.   I am so happy to have found this place in Buffalo!
I LOVE this place!   The salads are spectacular.  Especially the Papaya, the Ginger and the Tea Leaf.  The first time I went they added chilis in the salad and it was way too spicy for me.  Now they have the chilies to the side so you can add them yourself.  Just enough spice without destroying your palate for the other dishes.   Everything I have had has been wonderful, but if you are expecting something that tastes like Chinese you are going to be surprised.  The flavors are definitely different.  The use of dried, fried chick peas in the salads is so interesting, and they ground them as a thickening agent for a few of the soups.  Ask for coconut rice on the side - it isn't on their regular menu but maybe if enough people request it, they will make the add. I can't say enough good things about the place.  My only beef is that when we went in last time, there was a strong smell of cleaning products, which I suppose is a good sign - the restaurant is spotless - but the smell kinda turns the stomach.
My review for Sun has been a long time coming - I eat here regularly and suggest it to almost every person I know looking for affordable, quality dining.  I suggest it because I know it will absolutely change their world. Kevin is, without a doubt, one of the most intuitive chef's I have ever had the pleasure of getting to know.  I let him pick out the dish the very first day I dined here.  So did my dining partner.  We both received Burmese dishes that were mind-blowingly flavorful.    I had the Mont Hin Gar, a fish noodle soup, and my partner in crime had the seafood clay pot.  I can tell you this - every time I have ventured away from these two dishes, I always regret not getting one or the other.  In my opinion, they are two of the best dishes - they are complex but comforting, warm and filling, and the fishy taste is not overwhelming.  (In fact, if I had not known from the beginning that the Mont Hin Gar was made from fish stock, I would not have guessed it... and I love fish!) Another few dishes that I would highly recommend: the appetizer Samusa's (fried Burmese raviolis), the Som Tum (a papaya salad that is out of this world), and the Nan Gyi Thoat (think rice noodles, mild curry and a slight crispiness from flat noodles). I should also note that Kevin absolutely loves to create new dishes.  While there, he sampled his new black rice appetizer that included mango, avocado and sweet potato rolled in black rice.  It was a wonderful combination and I was incredibly taken aback at how creative they were.  I usually do not get dessert, but opted to buy the black rice pudding to take home with me.  A total hit, and it was devoured in less than five minutes after the first bite. This place has never let me down.  Service is fast and friendly.  The food is worth every penny.  You absolutely owe it to yourself to have lunch, a date night, a lone dining experience, anything to give your taste buds an adventure with the greatness that is Sun Burmese!
Sun Food Market is the only restaurant in the area that serves Thai dishes resembling those that one would actually find in Thailand. The restaurant certainly has authenticity working in its favor. We dined in once and ordered takeout once. The first time that we ordered the pad thai it was a bit too saucy for our taste. The second time around it was perfect- just the way that we like it. There may be a certain amount of inconsistency in the kitchen. Nevertheless, we enjoyed the dish on both occasions and would order it again. The red curry was not as dark as we expected it to be, but all of the flavors were there. The chicken was nicely prepared and the fresh vegetables were abundant. We enjoyed the Burmese chicken curry which we tried for the first time. The curry consisted of potatoes, chicken, and a watery (not in a bad way) curry sauce. It was different from most other Indian and Thai curries that we have tried. We enjoyed it and would order it again. The tom yum soup was great- very spicy! We love the lunch specials at Sun Food Market; however, we wish that we could order the soup of our choice (instead of the soup of the day). But the specials are a great deal, so we really can't complain. As others may have mentioned, the restaurant is located in the back of a small grocery store. It is small but pleasant. The staff are welcoming and very friendly. Again, we are thrilled to have Sun Food Market in Buffalo. We look forward to exploring the menu and enjoying our favorite dishes again and again! Hooray for Sun Food Market!
If you don't know someone that knows about Sun, chances are you may pass it by. For what used to be a pseudo grocery market, with a little room to grab some lunch in the back, they've come a long way to shed that market shell and evolve into a wonderful place to dine. The staff is exceedingly warm and helpful. If you are unfamiliar with this type of Asian cuisine, simply ask the waiter or waitress, what is best on the menu (although they do provide a menu with colorful, tasty pictures). Go with a big group of friends. That way everyone can get something different, and you can have the chance to sample all of it! The extensive menu has something for even the least courageous palate. I highly recommend any seafood dish, particularly the seafood clay pot, and you'll be singing "Under the Sea" in no time (which we did.) Also, it's BYOB, with no corking fees, which is always a plus.
I love Sun Restaurant!! They have very good and authentic Burmese food with very reasonable price. I just fall in love with Burmese food after I first tried Sun restaurant. The atmosphere over there is nice and I always feel welcomed. YOU WONT REGRET to try there!!! Personal Recommendations: 1. B7: Mont Hin Gar 2. Eggplant dish 3. Black bean sushi P.S I really really love pictures on their menu!!!!!!!!!!!!!XD
If you go to Sun, do yourself a favor and order Burmese food.  You're going to a Burmese restaurant, after all!!! If you've never eaten Burmese food, think of it as being a blend between Thai  and Indian foods. Basically, it's SEA Fusion.  And yes, it's THAT good. Disclaimer:  My husband is from Mandalay.  Mandalay is the culinary capital of Myanmar, hands down.  Although the restaurant owners are not from my husband's hometown - (and it's a safe assumption that none of the chefs are either, as most of the Burmese population in Buffalo is from the Karen region) the food here is awesome.   I've been here only once and definitely plan to go back the next time I'm in town. Chicken Parata - my favorite thing. The "appetizer" is almost entree size. Green Tea Leaf Sald - one of my favorites and definitely well done here. Pumpkin curry with chicken - the curry was yummy, a bit sweet Fish Cakes - only for the open minded...my brother and I devoured them Taro Custard - I love all things purple.  Therefore, I love Taro.   Sticky Rice in banana leaf - not as good as my mother-in-law's but still tasty Another of my favorite Burmese dishes is mohinga.  I didn't try it here, but, based on the other items we ordered, I would assume it is delicious.  I think I ate it for breakfast ever other day while I was in Mandalay.  The other days I ate samosa salad.  If they were to start serving samosa salad I might have to consider relocating to WNY. When you go, make sure you say thank you - "jay zu bay." I'm sure it will be much appreciated :) If you have time, check out some of the Burmese markets nearby.  They have some hard to find ingredients at reasonable prices. Although, I can't imagine that any ingredient in Buffalo is hard to find.  You have Wegmans.  We have Publix.  I'm not bitter.
Ate at Sun on a business trip. It was perfect. Great atmosphere, not expensive, great service, and good food.
It's so nice to have GOOD Asian food in Buffalo! I ordered the Kyit Thar Aloo lunch special, and I was very impressed by the spices and herbs mixed in for that Burmese party in my mouth. It was my first time trying Burmese food, but it is very similar to a fusion of Vietnamese and Thai food. I also tried some of my friend's Pad Thai, which was also excellent. The service was fast, efficient, and overall, great. My waiter was very friendly and attentive to our table. Sun is THE place for authentic Burmese and Thai food, especially for those of you who want to try something new. I will definitely come back to try other items, can't wait!
When Mercury is retrograde (it is now, through 8/7), I always prepare myself for the unexpected. Last night's Supper Club outing was particularly pleasing! I had no doubt given the great reviews (& pictures!!!) already on here that I would find many delicious items to sample on the menu. First and foremost- there is a PARKING LOT right next to the building. YAY! I love private parking lots. The drive from Clarence wasn't terrible at all. Took us roughly 30 minutes. Credit card stickers on the window... We were good to go! We were seated in the new dining area (used to be the store) and it was quite lovely. Spacious, comfy booths- tables available too. My only "complaint" was lack of powerful air conditioning, though the owners are working on it... I like when owners/proprietors recognize what's lacking and assure you that they're working on the problem. Classy! My sister and brother-in-law came with me. Right off the bat, Erin C. was seated at our table and knew my brother-in-law: they lived next door to each other for years! Small world (& Mercury retrograde working the good part of it's magic)! We had a blast chatting about food and life, and of course those two reminiscing about the neighborhood. So the company was fantastic. My sister and I ordered thai iced tea- DELICIOUS. This is a must get. Or thai iced coffee. Had it been earlier in the day, I would have gone the coffee route. The servers were very attentive with refilling our water glasses throughout our entire dinner. HUGE plus. We ordered several appetizers: coconut shrimp, chicken gyoza, fried pork spring rolls, samosas, and Burmese fish cakes. All were very tasty and I would order them each again- save for the fish cakes. They were like little rubbery sponges. They tasted good, but the texture was not particularly pleasing. Finally, we were on to our meals... I ordered the Burmese egg noodle soup (Own No Koksware: Burmese-style egg noodle soup with coconut milk, chicken, tamarind, boiled egg, onion, and crispy flat noodles). I don't remember what number it was... but it was AMAZING. I was a little hesitant at first, but I wanted to try something different and Burmese. Though the chicken pad thai or pad see u was tempting, I wanted to step out of my comfort zone. The broth was thick and rich. The egg noodles were perfect consistency (imagine the noodles in lo mein). It had onion, cilantro, hard-boiled egg, and super tender chicken (probably thigh meat) in it. Was DELICIOUS! I'm sure the tamarind gave it a unique flavor. I've never had anything like it honestly, but I would get it again. Sister had pad see u, brother-in-law had coconut seafood, Erin C. had some "healthy option" noodle dish with chicken and tofu. All dishes were REALLY good. Prices were VERY reasonable and we left full and happy. We walked out to a beautiful breezy muggy night. Perfect cap to the evening!
Black rice, as sushi, as salad, even as dessert. Where else are you going to get that? Kevin and Stephanie just keep the new ideas coming. Fresh food, Thai, Vietnamese, Burmese, and now fusion. Tonight I tried the house special appetizer, a black rice, tuna, avocado roll. Followed that with the papaya salad. Then red curry basil Thai fried rice. Woo Hoo Baby.
The best meal I've eaten since moving to a city full of great dining options. Worth getting into a car for, and as a resident of Elmwood Village with plenty of walkable options I don't say that lightly. I was initially worried this would be too much of a hole-in-the-wall to bring a date, but the dining room looks fantastic. It also seems designed well for service, or else the wait staff is especially zippy, but you shouldn't be wanting for attention. The menu contains great renditions of Thai dishes you recognize (Pad Thai) as well as Burmese dishes you might be less familiar with. The chicken curry prata appetizer is a must-have (with an extra prata for two people). I ordered the evening's special which was spicy chicken and coconut rice cooked and served in a clay pot. I'm always looking for something hot, and was surprised that this dish that advertised "spicy," actually registered some heat with my tastebuds since I'm so used to lowest-common-denominator ethnic cuisine. The non-alcoholic drink options are fantastic; the iced lemon tea was especially delicious: just sweet enough to assuage spicy sensations. I didn't get a chance to try the innovative Black Rice menu or the desserts, but I will be returning many times.
Yeah for Buffalo's first Burmese Restaurant! So, let me start by saying I lived in San Francisco before Buffalo and my all time favorite restaurant in SF was Burma Superstar.  That being said I had high hopes for Sun Restaurant and I was not disappointed at all!!! It was awesome!  I loved the B2) Amare Thar Hin Burmese-style curry mixed with masala, tendered beef, ginger, garlic, onion and chili.  And Sun's eggplant dish was delicious!   Great place to stop on the way to a hockey game.  It's not exactly down by the Arena but it's on Niagara right off the thruway.   We will be back again and again and again.  I'm so happy that Buffalo has a Burmese Restaurant that is true to Burmese flavors!  Thank you for bringing my fav food to Buffalo!!!  It makes leaving San Fran cusine a little more bearable.
Definitely the best Asian restaurant in Buffalo and one of the better restaurants in Buffalo just in general.  Delicious array of black rice dishes and very courteous staff.   Wait was longer than usual but they gave coupons for free sushi on the next visit.   :-)
I've dined at Sun a handful of times, and ordered takeout. The food is consistently fresh and delicious. Prior to discovering this gem, I'd never eaten Burmese, and I've since only ordered from the Burmese portion of the menu. What I love about Burmese cuisine is that it's familiar and comfortable, yet somehow totally new. Flavors and textures marry everything I love about Thai and Indian cuisine, but with lots of new ingredients and spices. You won't be disappointed!
A friend recommended Sun Food Market and after weeks of talking about going, my partner and I dined there last night. The dining area was small, but charming, the staff was welcoming and helpful, the dishes were unique (a nice mix of Burmese and Thai), the servings were generous, and the prices were affordable. We were impressed by everything-- the ambiance, the service-- but the real treat was the incredible food. Often in restaurants one part of the meal is great and outshines the rest, but last night everything was top-notch, with the appetizer (Tofu Jyaw), the salad (Ginn Thoat), and both entrées (Mont Hin Gar and Crispy Whole Fish Sun's Style) being downright delicious! In a city where many restaurants tend to fall in the average range in terms of food quality, Sun Food Market is a beacon of great cuisine. We will definitely be back, again and again.
The name has changed to Sun Authentic Burmese and Thai Cuisines, the room is getting more comfortable and the menu has changed to add much more Burmese and Thai and less Asian fusion. The cosy restaurant is family owned and run. It's hard to find Burmese food anywhere, so few Burmese get out of Burma, so it's a rare thrill to have in Buffalo. The food shows the influence of Burma's big neighbors - India, China and Thailand. It has curries and it has rice, clear bean and egg noodles, in all their iterations - in soup, stir fried, and in sauce. It can be spicy, sweet and sour or savory. i haven't had a bad dish yet. If you order General Tso's chicken you get what you deserve - it was invented in America for Americans.  On the other hand, there is plenty of real food on the menu, like "La Peth Thoat: Burmese style pickled tea leaf salad combined with crispy chana dal peas, fried garlic, onion, tomato, cabbage, peanuts and lime juice."
Sun Food, I love you so much. So dearly. I am so, so happy for this business. My first visit here was during the days when it was a shop with a little restaurant in the back, beckoning you to try their delicious food. Now they have expanded the restaurant, updated the seating and the lighting and even added a beautiful second entryway. Their food is always delicious. No matter what dishes I try I am never disappointed. My fiance and I even have a "tradition" of aiming to go to Sun Food on Sundays. The staff is always so sweet. My fiance and I went for dinner last night and it was their "grand opening" for the newly renovated restaurant. We went around 8 and there were so many tables full! It just shows how much more popular this place will continue to become. The story of the owners is inspiring. Burmese immigrants who worked at a Wegmans sushi counter before opening their own business. I love the food and the people here. You always see Stephanie, the part owner and wife of Kevin, the other owner, in the dining room. She's waited on us a few times. Always sweet and makes sure the customer is in mind. I hope you never go away and only continue to grow. Sun Food, you are awesome.
I wish I could give Sun 4.5 stars! Positives: +Chicken curry with prata - Chicken curry was delicious! It is closer to an Indian curry. +Tom yum chicken - Nice balance between hot and sour. +Samusas - Crispy shell and slightly spicy potatoes inside. +Pumpkin curry with chicken (Shwe Payon Thi Hin) - A study on how to make a mild dish be chock full of flavour. The pumpkin was fork tender. It was a very different type of curry - light and not at all overwhelming. + When I asked for something to be spicy, it was actually spicy! On the fence: Tomato Nga Pi Git (with chicken) - I am torn about this. I love dried shrimp but it was just a little too much in this dish. If there was a side of pineapple cucumber salad or something bright and fruity to balance it out, it would have been perfect. I wouldn't recommend this dish if you are iffy about slightly fishy flavours. However, I did end up demolishing my leftovers for lunch the next day. Negatives: - It was cold in there...they really need to crank the heat up (we were seated in the area located to the right of the hostess stand). - Our server was extremely friendly and sincere but the other server's tables were getting their orders taken, food delivered and waters filled at a faster pace. It wasn't an issue for us but it might be if you are in a rush. - The Tom Yum soup was barely lukewarm. That kind of sucked given how cold it was in the restaurant but hey, at least it was delicious. - The prata was a let down. It was barely warm and I am 99% sure the prata was prepackaged. However, I think I was expecting too much here because pratas are hard to make from scratch. Hell, I only use the premade pratas. Next time, I will just get the Kyit Thar Aloo Hin so I can eat the delicious curry with their amazingly fragrant jasmine rice. The negatives are sort of nitpicks which goes to show how great the food really was. I cannot wait to come back here! P.S Random but did anyone else find the painting of the little girl looking in the mirror creepy? Maybe it is just me but the puppets/dolls were a little too creepy. No more horror movies for me.
My neighbor, whom I share similar dining taste raved that this was her favorite Thai restaurant in all of Buffalo. Usually, I wait a few more times to go to review but I was really impressed with this place. Therefore, this review is from a dine in perspective: I have to say that the owners found the right combination with this place. It's a bit gimmicky to have the asian store up front, but it works and I love it. It just reminds me of where I come from. The asian infused suburbs of Southern California. Ha ha ha I don't know if that says much but I'll be sure to do the review justice. And it's a gem of a place considering its location. The area is a bit rough. But considering how annoyed I get finding good asian food in this area, I'm glad that this place is so close to where I live. The restaurant is located in the back of the store. It seats probably only 20 to 30 people. Nice and quiet. The way I like it. The ambiance is very simplistic, just as are the tables. We were greeted by the one and only host/server and above you hear Burmese music playing. I originally wanted to try a thai dish but marketing sometimes works. Meaning the menus are well done and made to speak to you. Certain dishes, had in noticeable font, words like "Chef's Recommendation" or "Most popular". I loved what one commentor stated about "Asian Soul Food". Nice reframe in thinking. And one I humbly agree with. I ordered the Kyit Thar Aloo (which by the way, there is a very interactive menu online. Go check it out) and my first reaction was, "OMG, it's like something my grandmother would cook." I am filipina/american and we have a dish similar to the Kyit Thar Aloo. Slightly different spices but it was basically an Asian dish version of meat and potatoes. Add a side of rice and viola! a meal that put a smile to my face and palate. Great presentation and it now made me a fan of burmese food. It's funny because I usually have a gut reaction/statement when rating something, like movies.Simply: "I wish I hadn't paid to watch it or omg, wish I could get back those two hours." How it works with a great restaurant: "I want to bring everyone I know here to try out another dish." Also, I think I would go out of my way to do take-out for lunch. And I work about 15 minutes a way. I also ordered Tom Yum Seafood soup (so I did get something Thai). It was quite good. The soup itself I can't compare to Taste of Thai or Saigon Cafe. So far they are all comparable. And all great restaurants. Which is why I need to come back to try out more stuff. As you read this, it might be you I'm bugging to come eat with me at this place. Also, prices are quite affordable. Actually, for the quality of food it's very well priced. I believe in moderation so I could have made this into two meals easily. The two star review, I hope they give it a try again. All great establishments have a bad day. But these folks did it right. Even their menu online is well done. Yes, this place does speak to my Asian Soul. :) Go check it out y'all!
Amazing the reviews were right on............. The fried soft shell crab appetizer was yummy. The Eggplant dish with chicken was delicious. Their salads were authentic & tasty Our waitress was from planet Zebop but the other waitresses picked up the slack. She was so bad it was quite funny, but everything was so good I had to still give it 5 STARS. Great Place
What a find!  Less than 2 weeks removed from our trip to Japan, we had taken a general hiatus from Asian cuisines.  We have never tried Burmese cuisine, though we got to the Thailand-Burma/Myanmar border on our honeymoon and had seen a Burmese restaurant on Yelp in Philadelphia that we never visited. While in Buffalo at a conference, my husband the darling Eric R. perused Yelp for a place we could go to in the rental car away from downtown.  He perked up when he saw Burmese and knew I would be intrigued.  Since we have never been in Buffalo before, the neighborhood seemed odd - Niagara Street off the 190 was mostly residential.  We found Sun though and parked in the nice parking lot.  There are renovations taking place but a sign assured us they were still open. I had read about the tea leaf salad before so I wanted to try that: Le Peth Thoat (Burmese-style pickled tea leaf salad combined with crispy chana dal pea, fried garlic, onion, tomato, cabbage, peanuts, and lime juice).  It came with chopped green Thai bird chiles that gave it a nice kick! We also ordered two Burmese dishes: Mont Hin Gar (Burmese-style fish noodle soup with banana stem, vermicelli, ginger, onion, lemongrass, and fried garlic) and Kyit Thar Aloo (Burmese-style curry mixed with masala, chicken, potato, ginger, garlic, and chili).  There was a nice emergence of influences here.  The curry was sort of a cross between Thai and Indian flavors, with tender chicken and potatoes and plenty of rice.  The soup was very surprising in a good way.  A flavorful broth, fried garlic, lots of noodles, hard boiled egg, and banana stem (a new one for me) with some cracker-ish things to drop in for crunch and some fish sauce on the side for flavor.  We downed all three dishes and were very satisfied with the taste and variety. The service was great - the staff explained everything to us and we talked about our travels to Thailand, Cambodia and Japan.  Salad, 2 dishes and a pot of hot tea for 2 amounted to $23.  As Eric R. said so eloquently, our "exchange rate" is very good here.  Wish I had the Thai iced tea but my throat begged me for hot tea.  There are also Thai, Chinese, and Japanese dishes on the menu as well as lunch specials.  I would go back but I don't see myself in Buffalo any time soon so I will seek Burmese in California next.
Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! I could eat here every week if I wanted to. It's seriously that good! Me and my partner went here yesterday, and we kind of went all out so that we could try everything. For the appetizer, we ordered the deep fried tofu, Tofu Jyaw. I'm a pretty big fan of deep fried tofu, and that's why I ordered it. This one was as good as they come. Really! I especially liked the sweet and sour sauce that it comes with, but it was more like hot and sweet sauce, because it was spicy! If spicy is not your thing, be careful, but for me, it was one of the best dipping sauces I've had in awhile. :) They also give you a piece of lettuce for presentation, but if you wrap the tofu in the lettuce and dip it in the sauce, it's about 10 times better because it gives it that healthy crunch. I think next time we order this, we'll have to see if they could give us some extra lettuce. For the next course, we ordered the ginger salad with dried peas and whatnot, Ginn Thoat. It was definitely good. I look forward to trying some of the other salads. Le Peth Thoat, which is Burmese style pickled tea leaves, sounded good, but I definitely liked this one. It wasn't too gingery, which is okay. Perhaps it could be a tad gingerier. I suppose they do that because most people would find it overpowering. I also wish it came with more spicy peppers. They give you these tiny, tiny peppers, and by tiny I mean the tiniest peppers I've ever seen, but they packed one helluva punch! I wish they gave you twice as many though because those peps were good. Perhaps I'll ask for extra next time. :) Next, my partner ordered the soup, Mont Hin Gar. It's a very traditional Burmese soup, which I find incredibly tasty. Perhaps it's better than pho? Call me crazy! The menu describes it as Burmese style fish noodle soup with banana stem (which tastes like onion to me), vermicelli, ginger, onion, lemongrass, boiled egg, fish sauce, and fried garlic. My gosh, that broth is amazing! It tastes very meaty, but there is no meat in it! Perfect for pescetarians. :) Next, I ordered the Crispy Whole Fish Sun's Style. :) It's not everyday that you get to order a whole deep fried fish! It's kind of expensive, $17.99, but it's nice to order if you feel like you just want to splurge. My gosh! The presentation was beautiful. They cut open the back of the fish, and put delicious vegetables in its back. I actually thought the vegetables tasted better than the fish, is that odd? The sauce was a sweet and sour sauce, but top of the line, and 100 times better than that pre-packaged sweet and sour sauce you find in most Chinese restaurants. The fish itself was perfectly cooked. It had the crispiest shell, which was perfect. If you really want to treat yourself to a special fish fry, definitely come here and order this. I suppose some people might be put off by the fact that it comes with the head, but it's traditional to serve fish like this in Asia as the wholeness of the fish signifies wholeness and prosperity in your life. Actually, it's probably better because it makes you realize that what you're eating is an animal, and this animal gave its life up for you. Too often when we eat meat, we take their death for granted, but seeing the fish like this, made me say a small prayer in thanks. For beverages, they don't have many options, which is a tad bit disappointing. They have soda, Thai iced tea, Thai lemon tea, Thai iced coffee, Hot green or jasmine tea, and Burmese milk tea (hot). I was hoping they'd have hot red tea, as this other Burmese restaurant I went to in San Francisco offered that, and the waitress said that that type of tea is traditional. Oh well! The food is so delicious, you can look past the drink options. I also think they don't serve alcohol, or at least if they do, it's not on the menu, which is fine by me, but something that might disappoint some people. For dessert, what? You think we ordered dessert with all that food for two people?? No, there was no room for dessert, but most definitely next time. I think I'll have to skip the four courses and stick to one or two if I want dessert. On their menu they list Sticky Rice with Thai Custard, Taro Custard, and Steamed Banana Rice. I think I'll have to go for the Taro Custard next time because that was calling my name last night. Seriously! It was like, "Xavier... Xavier... Order me..." It was haunting me like a ghost, so next time, taro custard, I promise. :) We're most definitely coming back, and Sun Food delivers so that will definitely have to be taken advantage of. They do charge a $2 delivery fee, but that's not that bad. What? It's the cost of a bus ride anyway. Woohoo! For only having one Burmese restaurant in all of Buffalo, us Buffalonians sure got off lucky!
What a great place. The food was amazing. I had a black rice cooked tuna roll (even though I ordered salmon) and a veggie pad thai. The pad thai may have been the best I've ever had in the states and the black rice roll was very unique - I've never had anything like it before and it was very delicious. I highly recommend the place; however, the service is pretty slow so don't go if you're in a hurry.
The place looks new but feels old. Fake flowers, multi layer curtains; huge menu for its size, the price is bit high for what they've to offer. The presentations are decent. Very homey. They try hard to be cool.
1st time going with my fiancé, and let me say yum yum and yummy!! The black rice mango roll was delish!! The food was great and so was the service!!
Must go! Must go! I think Burmese food is a good cross between Thai and Indian. But very delicious! Try it to believe it. Service is fab. Very friendly. Didn't like the dessert though. It was eww lol
Just wow. My wife and I agreed on the walk to the car after our meal that Sun is our new go-to spot. Literally woke up later that night dreaming of the food!
Myself and a group of girlfriends are into trying new foods, and after reading all the impressive Yelp reviews of Sun Restaurant, I knew we had to try this place.  We had reservations and were promptly seated, although it wasn't terribly busy.  Our waitress was very attentive and patient with us (we all needed to catch up on some important news and were taking forever to order anything besides a bottle of wine).  We decided to try a bunch of different dishes and share them... and as I'm looking back on what we ate, its hard to pick my favorite... it was all just so different and so amazingly good. We started out with the appetizer sampler platter, which was a combination of fried goodies- gourd, tofu, gyoza, samusas, and squid rings.  I think the gourd was my favorite but honestly I couldn't figure out what a few of the things were.  No worries, on to the entrees!  We had to try the Le Peth Thoat, which is a tea leaf salad.  It has been awhile since I could say that this tasted unlike anything I've ever had in my entire life.  It was so delicious and so... different!  Hard to describe, but just trust me.  Get it.  We tried 2 sushi rolls, which are made with black rice, giving them a nuttier flavor.  We had the mango roll and the spicy grilled salmon roll, and both were awesome.  One of our party has a cilantro aversion, so they were able to make the rolls without the cilantro sauce and just put it on the side for the rest of us which we cilantro-lovers appreciated.  We also tried 2 entrees from the Burmese menu- the pumpkin curry with chicken, and the Kat Kyay Kite with shrimp, which was a noodle dish.  We like our spicy food, but the waitress cautioned us to order everything medium-spicy and she would bring us extra hot peppers on the side.  Well, she wasn't joking... these dishes were spicy!  In a good way! Everything was awesome and reasonably priced for the quality of food.  Sun Restaurant definitely lived up to the Yelp hype, and I will certainly return again!
One of the best new restaurants in Buffalo. I've been here twice; delighted both times.
Really loved this place. $40 covered 3 entrees and two appetizers that fed two adults and two kids with enough left over to  cover a lunch the next day. I ordered to go and while waiting ordered the thai iced tea. The sip I managed to wrestle away from my five year old was delicious.  Very sweet and I'm sure directly linked to his ability to stay up until the wee hours that evening. pad thai was great - very generous hunks of tofu. What really surprised me was the chinese dish my kids ordered. The sesame chicken was better than many chinese restaurants I've been to locally. Broccoli was fresh, large hunks of chicken that looked as good as they tasted. I also like the tea leaf salad, though was surprised at how spicy it was. not much on the front but it sneaks up on you. The space was being renovated when i walked in, but once you get to the tables in the back, it's sparse but pleasant.  As it's not to far from my home, i'm sure i'll not only be back, but be a regular.
The best meal I've had in Buffalo.   They have a newly renovated dining area and a parking lot right next to the building.   Here are my recommendations: Eggplant Dish (so delicious, definitely a must have) Appt Sampler Burmese Chicken Curry Pumpkin Curry There menu is large, and a few things are misses that I would avoid (the thai pad kee mao which was bland and the sauce was too gravy looking and the burmese fish noodle soup was kindof odd and not tasty, also the tea leaf salad was interesting to try but not that tasty either).  Overall the dishes I liked were hands down amazing, I feel like it's a place where you need to know what to order.  I can't wait to go back and try a few of the other items.
I visited recently with my wife and we had our first taste of Burmese food. We started with some fried tofu. She had a soup style dish while I went with a spicy flat noodle dish that I chose with beef (available with various meats or tofu). The staff was very helpful in explaining how dishes could be prepared spice wise warning me that my dish was only available medium or hotter unlike others. The serving size was generous, the decor/ambiance was amazing considering the area, and the food tasty. We enjoyed our lunch and the unique dining experience. My wife is going back next week with all of her girlfriends who are curious as she's talked it up so much!
This restaurant is a great find!  Delicious food with incredible flavors!  I first had Burmese food in San Francisco and was delighted to see sun restaurant written up in buffalo spree. I was pleasantly surprised by the nice atmosphere and very reasonable prices. The food is incredibly fresh and tasty. I will definitely be eating here again!
Three words: black rice menu. What an incredible plethora of fresh flavors, from cilantro to chilies, I can't get enough of it. After they renovated, Sun added a ton of space and expanded their menu. With Burmese and Thai cuisine to boast, there are many delicious options to choose from. I am always very satisfied with what I eat here and the service is always awesome. This is a great spot for take-out too.
Appetizers were quick, tasty, and not undersized. The black rice sushi menu was especially good. Free parking was nice, but perhaps not unusual in Buffalo. Their seasonal entrée was a pumpkin curry served in the shell - it was subtle yet flavorful. The location is very close to the interstate and definitely worth the short detour for anyone passing through the area.  The waitress, Sierra, was quite knowledgable about the menu.  Finally, bathrooms were clean.
thoroughly enjoyed our meal here while visiting from out of town.  very friendly service.  i had the chicken noodle curry and tasted some of the spicy chicken curry.  everything was delicious.
Back in March after seeing a lovely sunset on the drive up from Long Island to Buffalo, my sister and I decided to try a new cuisine recommended by Yelp reviewers for dinner. In the Black Rock section of Buffalo is Sun Restaurant, which serves authentic Burmese and Thai cuisine. As a frequent foodie that loves to explore the wide selection of cuisines that New York City has to offer, I have yet to find a place that serves traditional Burmese food.  At Sun, the selection of cuisine has a great variety of delicious plates to choose from. For our dinner we chose to take from the black rice menu and the Burmese menu. For appetizers we ordered the Mango Roll and Pickled Mustard Soup. The Mango Roll was made with mango, avocado and sweet potato wrapped with the black rice (a.k.a forbidden rice) that was topped with a sweet chili sauce and sesame seeds. The Mango Roll was refreshing with a combination of sweet and a hint of spice. The Pickled Mustard Soup is a Burmese-style soup served with pickled mustard greens, tofu and with a meat of your choice (we chose chicken). The soup was something quite different and satisfying. The  pickled mustard greens were quite delicious and reminded me of the pickled vegetables in a Chinese mei fun noodle dish that my family has every time we go out. For the entrees we had Mont Hin Gar (Burmese fish noodle soup with banana stem, vermicelli, ginger, onion, lemongrass, and fried garlic) and Own No Kolsware (Burmese-style egg noodle soup with coconut milk, chicken, turmeric, boiled egg, onion, and crispy flat noodles served with chili flakes on the side). Both noodle soups had unique and balanced flavors complemented by the spices used. At last the meal ended with a Southern Burmese-Style Black Rice Pudding which consisted of black rice and sweet potato bits in coconut milk. It was not overly sweet as some rice puddings could be. It was a perfect ending to a great meal. The owners of Sun are Stephanie and Kevin Lin, who are originally from Burma. They were so kind and nice to have a conversation with us at the end of our meal. Stephanie told me that the entrée dishes we chose were the two traditional Burmese dishes from their homeland. After a little bit more of conversation comparing our cultural backgrounds with the Lins, it was time to part ways. To those who plan to go to the Buffalo area, go visit Sun Restaurant. With delicious food and great service, it is definitely a meal not to miss.
This little gem of a restaurant on Niagara Street is finally getting the attention it deserves. I have eaten here several times but just went for my first visit since the big renovation. It is a proper restaurant now with a lot of comfortable seating and a lovely new bar. I dream about the chicken curry appetizer, the bread is just delicious! Not to mention the samoosas and the vata beans in the simple, yet delicious Burmese fried rice. The Burmese food is by far the highlight but the Thai food is also good. If you are looking to try something new without spending alot of money this is definitely the place to go!
My friend and I decided to give this place a try because of the high review it received on Yelp.  We were not disappointed. The decor gave the place a unique zen-like atmosphere.  It was quiet and restful and very welcoming.  The owner and servers were all friendly and helpful, which added to the experience. The food was, to put it simply, as good as it gets. For appetizer, we ordered the fresh Spring Roll.  The rolls came with a dipping sauce and ground peanuts.  They were easily the best Spring Rolls we've ever had.  The vegetables and herbs used as filling were at just the right ratio that neither overwhelmed the other. For entrees, we decided to go for the famous pumpkin curry, Shwe Payon Thi Hin, at the recommendation of one of the Yelp reviewers, and Kya Zan Jyaw, the stir-fried bean noodles. The pumpkin curry was like nothing I had ever had before.  The taste of pumpkin blended nicely with all the spices, giving it an additional depth and richness in flavor.  It was thick and hearty without being greasy. The stir-fried bean noodles was a pleasant surprise.  It was very fragrant and flavorful.  The "stir-fry" part of the description made me expect something on the oily side, but it wasn't at all oily.  It was light and slightly crispy, and the sauce used for flavoring made it almost refreshing instead of too rich or heavy. Overall this was a very enjoyable experience for both of us.  We're definitely planning to return, and we sincerely hope that Sun will remain open for business for a very long time.
Best dining experience! Service=Awesome. Ambience= cute/ warm/inviting. Food= AMAZING!!!! People aren't exaggerating. Every bite my husband and I took of our food we were floored. My favorite item was the garden roll which is only $5 and absolutely delicious. We also really enjoyed the samosas and the chicken pad thai. Very flavorful. Per other yelpers suggestion we tried the le peth thoat salad. Honestly the salad wasn't for me at all, however my husband was geeked because it meant the salad to himself and he loooooved it. We can't wait to go back. Seriously a place that can't be judged by what you see just passing by. Such a wonderful random surprise. We will be back.
I headed here with two of my girlfriends. It is Thai and Burmese food, definitely something different that I've been wanting to try. The service was a little slow, but there we're a lot of busy tables and a Saturday night, so understandable. We started off with the black rice sushi, which I've never heard it. It was quite tasty, but I am more of a traditional white rice kind of girl. We all got entrées including: pad thai, general sao chicken and coconut chicken. They were all really good. I would highly recommend the coconut chicken, my friend ordered it and I wish I could have ate every last bite.  Very nice ambiance and service was very friendly. Glad to see some nice new resturants opening up in that area.
Just went to restaurant sampling party and Sun Restaurant had the best most tasty food there. This was the only restaurant that we went back for seconds for.  I like that they are trying to put a new more healthy twist on things like using black rice that has a lot more health benefits over white rice in their "sun rolls". So not only are they thinking out of the box but they do it so you don't lose the taste.
After having a taste of home cooked Burmese food at my job, I fell in love and wondered how I would ever get it again. At Sun, I can get a fix any time I want! The newly remodeled Sun Restaurant is one of my favorite restaurants. The food is delicious and the portions are ideal. I usually call ahead for take-out but when I dine in I find the atmosphere to be relaxed and welcoming. Stop in and try something new!
Especially enjoyed the black rice dishes, Inteersting varieties of curry. but all were excellent we've been multiple times and this has become one of our favorite restaurants.
First of all, it's right off the 190. You have no excuse if you live in the Buffalo area. Secondly, the interior decor is excellent: welcoming, unpretentious, everything we look for. The food? Well, the beef salad is better than you'll get at Saigon down in the Elmwood Village. But, if you're trying to compare the pad kee mow to a juggernaut like Thai Orchid, then you'll run into some trouble. The service was excellent. We also took advantage of the black rice sushi menu by ordering the crispy shrimp roll. It was good, but it lacked umami. What you want to do here is spread the spicy pepper flakes on everything. They came with my beef salad, and I took full advantage of them.
So far, it was only ok.... Got take out.... Don't get the salad. Disgusting. Got the green curry. Pretty decent. Sesame chicken.... very good. Fried rice... ok.. Gonna eat in the restaurant next time, and order more burmese food.
No liquor liscense yet but BYOB is the solution there. Table shared B4 A stewed tomato dish with shrimp, B12 A spicy wide noodle dish with beef and a chicken curry dish in a clay pot. Not much more to say about the place that others haven't said already. The remodel is clean and nicely done. I will be a return customer. The staff is friendly, the food is very good. The B12 dish that was ordered was phenominal. The noodles and beef were great and the spice level was perfect
Great food and good atmosphere.  Had heard a lot about this place and how good it was, so we had to try it for ourselves.  From the sushi, to the pho, and the pad thai, we were not disappointed!
Highly recommend the tea salad.  Very flavorful!  Get the black rice rolls- they're amazing!  Pumpkin curry stew is über yummerz.  The katkaykite was great- flavorfully spicy! Mango sticky rice was good, and the sauce was the best.  The service is truly 5 star worthy.  Highly recommend this place!!!
It's not a corner grocery store anymore. It's a wonderful place to try something new. Had a great 5 course meal.pick something, try it. You will love it.
As a fan of Asian cuisine, I'm embarrassed to say that this was my first experience at a Burmese restaurant. But it was a great experience and I'd have loved to visit more if not for moving away! The place feels slightly cramped with too many tables but is otherwise, clean and well-lit with very helpful waiters. I went there with my vegetarian friends and they spoke very highly of it, as both the food and the selection available for vegetarians is good. However, according to one friend, the food does not come out that great every day - she figured they have different cooks. Luckily when I went, the food tasted good and she did not have much to complain except for the new dish she tried... which was very hot! Burmese dishes, I figured, are traditionally spicy and flavorful and I simply loved all the entrees. Mine was the only non-vegetarian curry with dried shrimp paste, and tomatoes. This may be an acquired taste but since I really like the dried shrimp, I enjoyed my food a lot. But there was simply too much tomato. It helps to mash them and increase the gravy, which also makes the gravy less spicy. The appetizer that I must mention is the samosa soup, which is vegetarian. There are potato filled samosas in a creamy broth with distinct pieces of fried onions. This also, I believe is something you would either love or hate since it has lower than average salt and almost no spice. I particularly disliked the desserts... which is a personal thing. I have a complicated relationship with coconut flavored items and these failed miserably. We ordered all 3 desserts and between the coconut flavor, the sticky rice, and the greasiness - I didn't enjoy them at all. But again, this is a personal thing as the items are quite distinct and one must try them to judge them.
This place absolutely rocks. Stumbled upon it on our drive back to Canada. Very unique Asian food - especially the Burmese selection. Wait staff were excellent.
We ordered three dishes. Two entrées and one desert. There were two tables at the restaurant and we waited almost an hour for our food. Slow wait time and slow service. I immediately requested for my desert when my entrée came because I didn't want to wait any longer. The food was mediocre for being a fusion of burmese and thai. Two stars because they had 2 menus (1 for common dishes and another for black rice plates) another star for the mango sticky black rice dessert which brought back memories from Thailand.
We got there just in time, by the time we left there were about 10 people waiting for a table and with good reason. The food here is fresh, full of flavor and the service is spot on. Had the soft shell crag for an app and the entree was the, T7) Pad Kee Mao Seafood Combo- Thai-style fried wide rice noodles with hot and spicy sauce, mixed vegetable, and basil leaves. WOW!  several times after we left I reminded myself of just how good that meal was.
Finally, we were able to check out the new Burmese restaurant in town, as plans for dinner with a larger group fell apart, and we needed to come up with a new plan. Anyway, I was glad we got to try this place; it is totally unexpected, given the neighborhood. When we walked in, they were renovating, but they definitely made sure that we knew they were open, which was just this little room at the back, containing about 8 tables. It felt like an oasis of serenity, a whole world away from the not-so-nice neighborhood outside. But I digress. This is supposed to be a restaurant review. We ordered the fried gourd as an appetizer. It served its purpose well: it was good, though a little greasy. But just right to perk one's appetite. I ordered the Burmese noodles with shrimp (I forgot what it was called, but it was #24 on the menu), while my partner in crime ordered the Pad Thai. She found the Pad Thai rather on the sweet side (compared to other Pad Thais), while mine was just right. That being said, I am not sure what exactly is the "correct" Pad Thai; the Pad Thai offered by that one restaurant on Niagara Falls Blvd isn't as sweet as this one, while Pad Thai from other restaurants I've visited in other cities definitely served sweet pad Thai like here in Sun Food Market. In any case, I can't tell. Anyway, I was satisfied with my food, satisfied enough to be willing to come back and try other items on the menu. I should say that they have good-sized portions; again, I am just comparing with that other restaurant on the Boulevard, I think Sun Food Market's servings better approximate what my stomach wants for dinner. Overall, I enjoyed this place: I loved the food, the service was good, and I think it was good value for the food. I'll give them 4 stars for now, once they've finished renovating, who knows they might earn 5 stars from me.
Very good food, black rice dishes are very cool, good prices.  Can't go wrong with the Sun.
Loved everything food, service and ambiance. Loved Black rice roll, 12 in 1 veggie soup and dumpling. My new favorite restaurant in buffalo.
We stopped here on a road trip on the appeal of trying a new cuisine. I had a decent but unremarkable beef curry (amare thar hin).  My wife *loved* her fish noodle soup (mont hin gar), which was close to Filipino cooking she grew up with.  She also enjoyed her black rice pudding.  We both approved of the black sushi rice and hope to see more of it everywhere. This is a restaurant for explorers.  I would be more daring on another visit.
Had been wanting to try this place for a long time.  Glad I finally did.  I found my new favorite place!  Stopped in on a Tuesday night with my husband and another couple.  The placed was packed.  Food was great.  We started with two black rice rolls, the mango and the soft shell crab.  Both were delicious.  The steamed dumplings...OK...wish we had tried the fish stick with pumpkin curry appetizer instead.  Thai steak salad was yummy...with lots of heat.  The   Wide noodle Burmese dish had some nice heat too.  Seafood clay pot was good, but probably wouldn't go for that again.  The table next to us had a whole fish delivered, and that looked wonderful....on my next visit!
Excellent restaurant! I'm a big fan of Thai food, but this was the first time I tried Burmese cuisine. I expected this place to be good, and was not disappointed. I tried the appetizers mix (all good, but the squid rings, the tofu and gyoza were my favorite), the noodles with pork and crispy noddles on top, and finally the taro pudding. Everything was delicious. I'm going back soon!
Looking to expand your pallet beyond Pad Thai then make your way to Niagara St. The food is amazing and they even make the menu idiot proof so you can know what the most popular dishes are against the more exotic ones you should ease into. Either way this place continues to provide excellent food and modest prices.
The best part about this hole in the wall gem is the ambiance. You walk into this west side bodega full of Asian delights- aloe vera drinks, spices, rice, grass water... the list goes on and on. The man at the front with his thick accent pointed us to the back of the store where all the magic happens. It is tiny, 6 tables or so and pictures of the dishes all over the wall. Groups of down-to-earth patrons share the very intimate space with you. No privacy here. I think the only thing that would make the table situation better was if they had one huge family style table where everyone sat together. The service is great. They are so appreciative that you came to try their new food market when you could have gone a million other places. The food comes out very fast. Fast without suffering and without feeling like you are eating fast food. We started with Spring rolls, a Thai favorite. The cultures are so intermingled that I felt it was not insulting to order a Thai dish at a Burmese joint. We also had the Burmese Chicken Curry with Prata. This bread is so good. Made with coconut milk and that flavor really pops. This is the wonderful bridge between Indian and Thai food. Heaven in a dish. We then proceeded with the Tea Leaf Salad. Very good, very nutty. Our entree's were the Kya Zan Jyaw- very similar to Pad Thai but the noodles were little tiny rice noodles. Very good, and much better than Pad Thai. Then we had a soup, the Own No Kokswar. This was not my favorite dish. It was my boyfriends favorite dish tho. Think chicken noodle soup made with coconut milk and egg noodles. This place is wonderful. If you are needed to get away from Buffalo and need a little Asian culture, this will do if all you have for a mini getaway is 2 hours! I cannot wait to go back and try other Burmese dishes. Oh- stick with the culture and order Burmese!
Sun was a great experience. Absolutely lovely service, the food was delicious, and the prices were spot on. There used to be a Burmese food place in Toronto, but it was cafeteria style. Being a fan of Burmese music and culture, I was happy to finally try Burmese done well. We got a pumpkin curry, and shrimp with broad noodles (don't remember the real names). Very Delicious food. I look forward to visiting there on my next trip to Buffalo,
I promised an update, and here it is: Sun Restaurant's renovations have turned out beautifully, with a spacious dining room that seems like it's always been here. And it's still the same delicious Burmese coming out of the kitchen (get the eggplant special!). Everything else in my prior review remains true: these are good people making good food, and they deserve Buffalo's support.
Delicious Thai and Burmese foods in a nice environment. Everyone I take here is impressed with the quality and service. Staff has been very helpful in identifying truly VEGETARIAN options for me (as with much eastern cuisine, stocks and sauces are not always meat-free, even though the rest of the dish might be).
I've been frequenting Sun a lot ever since my first review. It's not that I love all their dishes, and their prices are on the higher side for take-outs (if you dine in, the place is lovely). Today I just got the Mahuya seafood (black/white rice, stir-fried, with deep-fried fish, shrimp, mango), which after tax was about $18. With that I could have bought a casual dress on sale. But somehow I felt happy. I didn't regret it. While trying to explain why I, a poor student who cringe at anything more than $10 for lunch, never regret splurging my money on them, I finally realized it's because they're unique. Simply put, if I were craving Chinese food, or sushi, there are several choices in town (the quality is a different issue, but in Buffalo ethnic (Asian?) food can only get so good). But where else do I get the fish-based Mont Hint Gar, where else do I get Sun's black rice menu? Sometimes I just crave that deep fish sauce inspired scent that is so common to all Southeast Asian cuisines, yet has its own authentic Burmese take. Or that their food always feels fresh and carefully cooked, without that MSG-I-need-4-liters-of-water-now feel. They are not by any standard "cheap" eats, but deservedly so. Long live Sun.
Quick note - they are now fully renovated and open for seating in the front as well. Had a fabulous dinner there with my bf and a friend on Saturday and as we walked in a booth full of diners at the new part randomly announced to us "you are in for such a treat!" Of course I have been there several times and had take out, but my friend was new to the experience and it pleasantly surprised him to see such enthusiasm from complete strangers.
Been a fan for a few years now.  Everything is delicious and the renovations are great!
Good flavors. Good spice. My husband really dug the lemon thai tea.
Sun was a must visit for me, since this restaurant had so many great reviews and recommendations from friends.  Even though my expectations were high, it didn't really matter in the end because this place exceeded them all! I walked in during an early evening dinner service on a weekday, and there were only a couple customers eating dinner.  I was initially only going to order take out on my way home; however the restaurant felt quiet, peaceful, and Zen-like so I knew I had to stay for dinner. I decided to go with a drink, appetizer, and entree since I was starving and hadn't eaten anything for lunch.  For my drink I went with the Thai iced tea - without the milk, and it made it really sweet, but I added water from the glass of water I received with the meal to balance out the sweetness....ahh perfect. For the appetizer: Samusa - fried Burmese ravioli with curry flavored potato. Served with a special sauce; a tangy sweet and sour plum sauce for dipping.  Think Indian Samosas but lighter and crispier with just the curry and potatoes.   For dinner I went right to the chef specials section of the menu and ordered the Yaki Udon noodle with shrimp -  Hearty Japanese udon noodles in a thick soy sauce with carrots, zucchini, cabbage, bell pepper, and topped with green onion.  And after having this I can say without a doubt the best Asian noodle dish I've had in Buffalo!...purely amazing!  Even the friendly waitress said it was her favorite dish at Sun when she asked me how I enjoyed everything.
Stopped here tonight for dinner while on business in Buffalo. Place was fairly empty.  I have never had a Burmese dish so i figured what the heck.  I had B2 Amare Thar Hin off the Burmese menu.  This is the description of the dish off the menu, Burmese-style curry mixed with masala, tendered beef, ginger, garlic, onion and chili.  I was served a bowl with 4 big chunks of beef sitting in the sauce and a bowl of white rice.  The beef was tender and very flavorful.  The sauce was great.  It was spicy but not over the top spicy, had a bit of curry and onion flavor as well.  It was a pretty big portion which i finished every bite of.  I have no idea if it was authentic Burmese but it had great flavor.  Service was fine and not slow as others have mentioned on here.  I look forward to my next trip to Buffalo to try something else off the Burmese menu.  You wont be disappointed here!
Had the Nan Gyi Thoat which was delicious. Pad Thai had great flavour and the Green curry was spiced to perfection. Can't wait to go back....beautiful restaurant decor.
I just had lunch at the Sun restaurant with five other people. We ordered six different entrees and all were delicious.  The lunch specials start at $8 including soup and salad, both delicious. Unfortunately it's hard to remember the Burmese and Thai names of the dishes, but six out of six orders were excellent. Don't let the corner street view deter you, inside the restaurant is beautiful and I was quite shocked at the first class look about it. I plan to return and bring others with me.
This was my first time here and all I can say is Yum!!! The dumplings were dynamite and the Tom Yum soup was divine.. I almost licked the bowl.  Service is great and very helpful. Will definitely be going back!
This modest Asian restaurant hidden in the back of a spotlessly clean Asian market is a true gem.  Skilled preparation, delicate spicing, and piping hot swift servings make these delicious dishes ideal for a quick casual dinner. Choices include Thai, Korean, Burmese, Chinese and Vietnamese dishes. The best Asian food in Buffalo is my vote. SP
Great high quality Thai and Burmese food. Best I've had in Buffalo. Very nice atmosphere. You can tell they invested in this place heavily. I'll be back.
For the adventurous in the mood for Thai or Burmese food, this is a good choice.  Allow yourself one half hour to go through the menu unless you have been advised what to order, we were not rushed.  Lots of choices, but we focused on the Popular, Chef Recommended (in white on the menu), and input from the waitress, so T3, C6 and B11. Quite unusual - the black rice offerings (healthy too). The appetizer assortment, salads as well as the entrees were delicately and aromatically seasoned and very tasty.  Refreshing:  waitress did not immediately ask us what we wanted to "drink."  Yes, they do have a full service bar. 5 Stars for the restaurant and restrooms which are incredibly clean.  Plenty of parking and if you are there when Gondola Company (right across the street) is open grab some of their terrific homemade ravioli and other pasta items.  Happy Sunday!
Love the food!!! Love everything about it . I will come here again and again
LOVE Sun.  Go with the co-workers here about once week.  Great service, great food, and great atmosphere.  They are currently remodeling the section that was previously used as the store and renovating it to add more space to the restaurant.  They are still open for business!
This place had a very nice quiet atmosphere, the service was very good, and the food was excellent. I got the Pad Thai, it was very well done. Also, the prices are right where they should be. The only downside is that there is no alcohol.... But I was told by our waitress that they are working on getting a liquor license, so that should all be sorted out soon. This is an excellent place for a date. I highly recommend it.
I imagine this is like going to your Burmese Grandmother's house for sunday dinner. This is asian soul food. WONDERFUL!
I've been to Sun Restaurant twice so far and both times I couldn't be happier! The last time I went was during restaurant week and even though we were supposed to wait for about 30 minutes on a Sunday evening we waited maybe 10-15. Seated promptly by our waitress, ordered drinks and appetizers which didn't take too long considering the amount of people in the restaurant. The first time I went we ordered the fish sticks with pumpkin curry as an appetizer which were phenomenal! No frozen fish-sticks here, I didn't know fish sticks could be so good! This time, I ordered the avocado roll; whoa. That was exactly what I wanted. Vegetarian sushi? Need I say more? Since I got the Restaurant Week special, everything I had included black rice which is exactly what  I was in the mood for. If I weren't in the mood for black rice, one might say that it was a bit much (3 dishes total--appetizer, entree and dessert). I tried the Thai Iced coffee which was pretty much the same as every thai iced coffee I've had--sweet and strong. My entree was the black rice salad and I sure am glad I finally got to try it! Consisting of sticky black rice, avocado, cilantro, peppers, mangos and cashews. There was so much flavor in just that one dish, a vegetarian girl couldn't be happier! For my dessert, I received the coconut black rice with mango and it was equally good, but I was so full that I had to share. The portions are pretty good sized, both times I went I had to take my food home. I would expect to spend at least $20, unless you aren't too hungry then just get an appetizer to try it out and come back. At this point, I would probably recommend everything on the menu! I can't wait to go back!
Everything I've had here is so, so good. And it looks like they're expanding the restaurant.
One of my favorite Asian restaurants in the Buffalo-Niagara area, both for dine-in or take-out. If you are into great tasting, spicy, oriental food that is created with lots of love and skill, than you will also love this place as much as i do. I am a big fan of their Burmese and Thai style dishes and soups, but just pretty much anything on the menu is a great choice. There are lots of great value specialties to choose from and it will be very hard to get disappointed here or leave hungry. The quality of the food is always top notch and the prices are more than fair, a great balance in my opinion. The service is great too and usually very fast. The owners are just wonderful, friendly and hard working people that are often in for a little chat as well if they have time and that make you feel right at home. I love the variety of ethnic cuisines the city of Buffalo has to offer, and this restaurant is definitely a great addition to that and one hell of a little hidden gem in Black Rock! So If you are already a fan of Asian food in general or just curious to find out more what Burmese food is all about than this is the place to be. But i would pretty much recommend this restaurant just to everyone that likes good food as much as i do :) Writing this review just made me hungry again hahah
It's been a roller coaster ride, started going to Sun when they first opened and they have grown into a very nice eatery. They only thing I can comment is that some of their foods are one note and are repeated in several dishes. Meaning they are using a base sauce or flavoring that comes through in several dishes we have eaten. Other than that I think they are great and worth trying.
Hubby and I went several times....  Service is always excellent.. Food is always outstanding.. Dessert was the best we ever had...  Beautiful decor,  friendly servers... Can't wait to go back..  Very highly recommended
Stopped here on the way back from Niagara Falls. The service was a little slow but the food was awesome; would definitely eat here again if we lived nearby. The black rice rolls were unique and delicious.
I'm thrilled this restaurant exists and love the diversity it brings to the local restaurant scene.  The menu's  focus is thai and burmese food. The sumusas are a must try; these crispy fried triangles are full of flavorful potatoes, served with a spicy sweet sauce, not heavy, and one of the best appetizers on the menu! The salads are inventive and interesting, but a bit heavy because of the fried chick peas and beans. The main dishes are solid, but I would appreciate some fresh vegetables in some of the noodle and curry dishes. Reasonably priced, and a great option for take-out; they are also expanding the inside to accommodate more seating. If you're curious about Burmese food, or an adventurous eater, check this place out!
I never had Burmese food before, so I don't have anything to compare to except to rate it based on how well it tasted...and it tatsed good! The place was currently under renovation, but I didn't mind. I started with the Burmese chicken curry with prata which was very enjoyable, the bread was pastry like and matched well with the chicken and sauce. For dinner I had the Kya Zan Jyaw  with chicken and it was very fresh tasting and filling to say the least. Overall, a very good and inexpensive meal!
Excellent Burmese curry! Excellent service.
Great food. Great service. Get the birds nest soup if you want exotic.
Amazing restaurant all around.  This is Buffalo's first authentic Burmese restaurant.  I've had Burmese food in Philadelphia before, and I'm glad that the restaurant here doesn't modify its dishes to tame them for the uninitiated.  Very friendly owner who will get to know you if you are a regular.  Service ranges from good to excellent.  I have never had a bad dish here before, but some real standouts are the pumpkin curry and chicken curry.  For dessert, try the coconut sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves.  You won't be disappointed.
Burmese and Thai cuisine!
Food are inconsistant. Sometimes good,sometimes really bad. Prices are inconsistant too,getting higher and higher. Just ok for what I'm getting and paying for the food.
So delicious and very reasonably priced! The atmosphere is great and the place was packed on a Thursday night, so you know it's good. I would highly recommend the Koksware Jyaw (Burmese dish) and the Le Peth Thoat salad. Both were really flavorful and unique.
Super delish, authentic food. Nice people. Love it!
What a great find. My wife and I were looking for an authentic Asian restaurant in Buffalo and found this unpretentious place through a friend. Even though it is Burmese, they have an extensive Thai menu as well. We tried 2 different types of noodle dishes and the Eggplant dish. Our friends had Sushi rolls. The flavors were unbelievable, the ingredients FRESH and preparations perfect. This will be one of our "what is good here" references to people visiting Buffalo. It is that good!! The service is pleasant and understated.
All the food is great!  Last night we had the samusas (sic)--even my Indian friends tell me they're the best they've had. Hope they can keep up with their expansion. PS- be patient with the wait staff--they don't always speak English--but it just adds to the ambiance.
Sun Foods is the best place I've found for South East Asian food in Buffalo.  The Burmese dishes are their strong suit (the owners are Burmese).  My favorite dishes so far are the eggplant special, the pickled tea leaf salad, and the house noodle soup (it's a lot like pho).  Their burmese noodle dishes are also good, and the multi-layer bread appetizer (prata) is addictive.  The green curry was good, but the red curry and the pad kee mao were just ok (too sweet and oily).  Still, it's the best Thai food I've had in Buffalo.  The restaurant area is small but welcoming, and while you wait for your food you can go look around the market.  They have good quality produce, spices, dried food, canned goods, and lots of frozen sea food.
I found this place through Yelp and wanted to try based on their menu.  We had a fantastic lunch.  They have a menu that is truly Asian and delicious.  I had black rice salad which was amazing.  This isn't your usual fare.  You have to try it!
Gone is the supermarket - in another month, this place will expand from its cute little 4 table dining area in the back to being able to seat over 50 in the future.  My first two experiences (Kyit Thar Aloo and the Mont Hin Gar) here were good but the food came up a little bland and underwhelming.  Could chalk it up to my inexperience w/ Burmese food but I'm glad I went back again today.  I tried the new Shan Koksware (rice noodles in spicy tomato sauce with chicken, pickled radish, cilantro, peanuts).  They actually ran out of kimchee to put in the dish and gave me a side cucumber salad instead but this dish was on point even w/o it.  Think similar to a Bolognese sauce but in Burmese spices that were phenomenal.  And the prices here are mind-blowingly low.  I don't think there's an entree on here that's over $10.  So glad I found something on this menu that I love as I'm probably going to have to figure out the recipe to make this dish now.
The food is great!   It fresh and beautifully presented.  The wait staff are fast and attentive.  The restaurant is very clean.  I recommend going with a bunch of friends so you can share.  There are so many great things on the menu you will want to try them all.
While I enjoy the food very much, I gotta say the new online menu is a big step backwards.   Burmese isn't necessarily pronounced as it's written in English.  We need Chinese restaurant style numbers on the items to order by or we sound like idiots and you don't understand us over the phone.  .
Food is good and reasonably priced. Owner and waitresses worked very hard to ensure you get good service. My friends all got the seafood clay pot. Healthy choice with good flavor. I had a Bermese rice noodle dish, which is wonderful. Soft shell crab is exceptional and papaya salad a tad on the salty side. Desserts are warm and good. May not be everyone,s preference but great for a first try. Try the taro dessert. The aroma explodes in your moouth. Sticky rice with custard was good too.
very kind service. went here twice while on a visit to niagara falls. lunch was great. I like their appetizers better than the entrees and would just order a few of those. ginger salad was a little weird and the mango chicken special was a little too red looking.
