I have thick, dark, and wavy hair.  Yet Marissa did an AMAZING job blowing it straight and giving me bangs! I'm not sure why the pricing is listed as "pricey" when the haircut was only $40.  Maybe it's because I lived in NYC and L.A., so relatively speaking this place is very affordable! Also Jennifer (I think that's her name) was very helpful in the makeup area.  She showed me how to make a "cat eye" look. I highly recommend this place!
In all my life, in my moves all around the country, I have never found a better salon. I originally found Scott Miller because it was so inexpensive and they had so many stylists that there are constantly appointments available.  This makes scheduling a breeze.  There are several levels of stylists so you can tailor your budget to your needs. Haircuts with junior level stylists are about 30-40$ and go up with each increasing level of training. Being the cheapskate that I am, I've mostly had gone to junior stylists and in my 4 years there have never had a bad haircut. In fact, I lived in San Francisco for a year and couldn't find anyone who gave such a good blow out.  The blow-outs are silky smooth without losing volume.  You get a hairstyle included in the price of the haircut. I've also had my hair colored here and they did a great job.  It was subtle and just the shade I needed for my skin tone. The salon is covered in gorgeous pictures and the Pittsford location has a beautiful makeup boutique in front. Free coffee and magazines while you wait!
The business manager called me to apologize for my bad experience and offered to reimburse me. Although it doesn't take away my first visit there, I thought that it was very nice and good customer service for them to reach out to me and try to make the situation better.
I have had a variety of services done at Scott Miller on Monroe: Gel Manicure, Makeup, and Formal Up-Do Hairstyle. I have not had a haircut, hair color, or any other spa services done there yet (and I say "yet" because I definitely plan to go try other services). All of the services I've tried have been great so far. Gel French Manicure - Lisa Marie M. did a fantastic job. She's an extremely sweet/friendly girl and does a beautiful job painting french tips. I like the Shellac brand of gel manicure products the best of all gel lines and that is exactly what Scott Miller uses. Lisa swapped overly-thick old bottles of polish for new fresh bottles. Her attention to detail was incredible. This is probably the best french manicure I've ever had. Pricey, but worth the price if you want an absolutely perfect french gel manicure. Seriously it's perfect. Makeup - Jennifer & Christine did a wonderful job on makeup for both me and for my mother. They did a great job at listening to what we like and don't like. The colors they chose were great. The application wasn't overly heavy. The products were great. My father LOVED the lipstick Christine chose for my mother. Hair (Formal Up-dos) - Jason did a fantastic job. I brought in pictures of what I wanted and he was able to pull all of the things I liked from each individual picture into a cohesively styled up-do. He used lots of product to ensure that it stayed looking perfect all day. He worked my sterling silver hair piece in beautifully too. I was thrilled with the output. What I don't like about Scott Miller Salon is sort of nit-picky: If you want perfectly executed beauty services this is a fantastic place to go...and I mean perfect. They do a great job. My only complaint is the environment. It's a very busy salon and it can feel a little frenetic with everyone moving around at once together. There isn't a lot of partitioning between work stations. The waiting area is not at all comfortable and I always feel like I'm in the way of people no matter where I sit. It's not a place for relaxation...but again...if you want a perfect output and don't mind NOT being super relaxed during your servicing, this is a wonderful salon.
Best Highlight and cut I have had in NY! I love it. I'm very picky too. I have gone to the same woman my whole life but when I moved to NY I had to find a new salon. Stephanie was great with my blonde highlights. Jason did an amazing cut! I felt like Blake Lively leaving the salon. They listened to me and answered my questions perfectly!
This is the best salon I have ever been to. I have been a regular since I was 16 (now 30). I've lived in NYC, Boston, San Francisco, Charleston SC, and have tried tooons of other salons. But this is the best of the best. It may be a bit more pricey than others, but it's worth the extra cost. The entire staff is incredibly accommodating and professional. The atmosphere is gorgeous. Reminds me of a classy Manhattan spa. My colorist is Katie. She works at the Pittsford and Webster locations. She has brought me from frumpy brown/red to gorgeous blonde and I can pull it off beautifully! She is very talented. Highly recommend!
So I've heard great things about Scott Miller, so I decided I would splurge and have my hair cut.  The girl that cut my hair was amazing, really helpful and friendly.  I loved the way my hair cut turned out, and while I was there, I saw another girl with a dye-job I liked.  The girl who cut my hair found out who dyed her hair so I could get it if I wanted.  I was really impressed. ...But then I got my hair dyed.  I explained what I wanted.  A beachy, kinda washed out surfer look.  My hair is naturally VERY dark brown, so I didn't know how the girl was going to do it, but she seemed confident so I let her at it.  I left with my normal dark roots and a hideous yellow-brassy color at my tips.  I called the next day and asked to have it fixed.  When I went to my appointment I was armed with pictures showing what I wanted.  She essentially just made my ends even more blond.  So my hair went from dark dark brown to ugly brassy blond.  It looked so bad that I just pretended I liked it and left as fast as I could.  I know it sounds stupid but I cried in the car.  Everyone wants to feel beautiful when they leave a salon, and all I can do is worry that my hair is permanently ruined.  I went to Target and bought box dye to cover up this disaster of a color job.
I went to Scott Miller for about a year. Tried several top stylists (coming in every 4-6 weeks) and never got consistent results. I gave one a try, not happy and would try another. In all that time I loved my cut once. That person could not make the magic happen twice? I have thick, long naturally blonde hair that I prefer in layers with heavy side bangs and some cool highlights thrown in. I'm just not sure they bother matching up specific hair to stylists that are best suited to it. Not every stylist is terrific at short cuts, or thin hair, etc. I also prefer that my stylist be the person who highlights my hair and that is just not how they do things here. However, my color was always great!
I have been going to the Pittsford location for almost 10 years! They are certainly expensive, but never have I received a haircut or color I didn't love. An appointment is usually the best way to go, but several times I have called the day before or day of and they were able to fit me in due to a cancelation.
I bounced around from one salon to another before trying Scott Miller, mainly because I had always heard how expensive it was.  Turns out it's not as expensive as I had thought and now I could never get my hair done anywhere else. The inside is open and bright and trendy and everyone there is friendly and helpful.  I always get amazing haircuts and they also use great hair products like Bumble and Bumble.
I have VERY sensitive skin. My skin is so sensitive that the last two times I had my eyebrows waxed (***once by myself and once at a different place***)it actually pulled the skin off. It healed up after about a week, but eventually the time came that I needed to have them waxed again.. so what do I do? I go to Scott Miller Salon. I mentioned my concerns to my waxer, and she made sure to tell me the options I had and to tell me what type of wax they used, etc. I decided to go ahead with the wax, and I couldn't have been happier with the results. My eyebrows look great, and my skin was not affected at all. It was a bit pricier than I am used to, but worth it for the results. This salon also has a nice makeup section where you can buy slightly higher end cosmetics such as NARS and Bobbi Brown. I picked up a NARS lipstick and mascara on my trip, but it is nice to just look around while waiting for your appointment also! I would recommend making an appointment, even if you decide to go last minute... I chose to come here on a whim, called ahead and was able to make an appointment right away for about an hour later. There is a Marshalls right next door, so there are options if you have some time to kill before your appointment. The decor is also very nice and gives the salon a higher end feel which is matched by the quality of its services.
I have been going to Scott Miller for 10 years and would never go elsewhere for a cut.  Megan K used to cut my hair but she moved away.  I have been seeing Kathryn for maybe 3 years and LOVE HER!  She is just the sweetest most talented stylist.  Hillary has been waxing me for years too, that sounds weird.  But again sweet and talented.  I simply adore this place.
I came here after a friend suggested who cut her hair. I hadn't had my hair cut in almost two years so I was really looking forward to getting it cut but it was really important that I didn't lose my length since it took me so long to get it. Since I don't get my hair cut often I had no idea what to get done and I told the woman cutting my hair and she said it was no problem and since I'm a maintenance free type of person and need my length she put in long layers and framed my face.  Before she cut my hair she told me everything she was going to do and throughout the cut kept me updated in what she was doing. She was very easy to talk to and I felt very comfortable there. Although I don't get my hair cut often I will go back there for Madison to cut my hair again. The salon itself was very nice and clean. I felt taken care of in every way while I was there. I will be going back.  In the future i may try out the other beauty options they offer as well.
I've been to several of the stylists here for some pretty involved haircuts, and I've never been disappointed. The atmosphere here is bustling and hip, and reminds me of some of the more upscale NYC salons I've been to. They've also got a nice cosmetics/beauty area in the front of the salon - a mini-Sephora, if you will - which is worth a browse. Overall, very recommended.
Now, Scott Miller is the place for a pedicure. After receiving a gift card here, I quickly made an appointment for the spa pedicure - deluxe! Prior to my visit to Scott Miller, I "indulged" in the cheap version of a pedicure at the spots where people don't speak English very well. I was in for a rude awakening at Scott Miller; of course I was given the spa treatment. The staff is so friendly as you walk in - everyone says hello and offers you a drink. I personally like to peruse the makeup stands as I wait, considering a purchase out of my budget. The pedicure is fantastic. The technicians are skilled. I mean, the foot massage that comes along with it literally is 30 min. long. Amazing. They have the latest season's nail polish colors and loads of magazines to sift through. I will be back, very soon.
I purchased a groupon here for their signature pedicure. A couple of weeks later I receive an email stating they are no longer accepting the groupons because they are so overwhelmed about the number they sold. They should have known what they were getting themselves into when deciding to provide groupons for their services, and prepared accordingly. I requested a refund, and will never give this place my business. Shame on them.
Thanks yelp for another great find! I loved my haircut with Dan. My thick and heavy hair has bounce again and he fixed my choppy bangs into wispy frames. I can't wait to try the other services.
My experience here was excellent. I came here for a facial and I swear I walked out with new skin. I received the botanical facial by Kelly. She was so nice, attentive, and thorough.  Not only do you receive a facial but your arms, legs, feet, and scalp get massaged.  I'm pretty sure I fell asleep during the treatment. My favorite part was the extractions, lol I know that's random but Kelly made sure to cleanse my skin like no other. Afterwards you're given a prescription with what cleansers are recommended.  The cleansers, lotions, and gels work great. My skin was hydrated like no other and after one of these facials less makeup is needed. I would definitely go again.
Hi everyone, I am planning on moving to the rochester area in the spring so I decided to try out a new salon.  I went to Scott Miller and had Kathryn cut my hair.  I am very picky about my hair as I have had years (25) of terrible experiences.  I just wanted someone who was well trained to give me a nice stylish haircut. Is this too much to ask???From the moment I met her, I felt at ease.  I brought a couple pictures and we discussed the style and my hair etc...The end result was an adorable and stylish cut. Kathryn is defiantly a well trained and knowledgeable stylist. The search is over and I couldn't be happier!   This is for sure my new salon!  I'll be back in 6 weeks :))
Best haircut that i have received period. Usually when i get one, i have to go home wash it and try styling it the way i usually do and hope it works out in my favor. But... After my apt with Lindsey, who did an awesome job, and gave great tips. I was able to walk out without a care in the world.  She really did a terrific job, and everyone there is extremely nice and accommodating. Will be back for another one in a month or so!
I live in the neighborhood and I have tried all the spas in the area and hands down, this is the best spa for me. I've been coming to Scott Miller for about 3 years now, and while I visit other spots here and there, I always come back to Scott Miller. The location is in a great neighborhood, parking is easy, and the building is beautiful and easy to find.  The salon has great vibe, the decor is sophisticated, and everyone is very friendly. I have done everything from facials to massages to waxes here and have never been disappointed. The aestheticians are good listeners and know how to best treat your skin. I get my nails done at the spa. I prefer the intimate setting at the spa over the corner nail salons. The spa pedicure is a must especially during summer and winter months. As for my stylist, Lindsey is definitely passionate about hair and willing to listen. I recommend her to anyone who asks! What I like best is the whole comfort theme is extended through her personality - she always makes sure that I like what she does.  Scott Miller is also offering Cadiveu Smoothing Treatments, and Lindsey does a marvelous job! After the treatment my hair looked amazing, still had body, and the texture was so soft and silky - just the way I wanted it. On top of all this, Lindsey is a lovely, warm, caring person. I'm happy to call her my  friend. I also see Erin, Katherine and Nicole for haircuts and styling because my philosophy is that you  need more than one great hairdresser.  They all seem to  truly love what they do,  as much as making people happy. I love the Oribe and  Keratase  products the salon uses. It is on the expensive side, but after using these products my hair  looks and feels so much better. Jacqueline and Taylor are both amazing colorists.  Most importantly their work looks very natural and my hair is always in excellent condition after my color. Both are real experts and professional, I highly recommend either of them. You can't go wrong in choosing between the fabulous stylists or colorists at Scott Miller. Happiness!  So comfortable and such perfectionists at work. The results are incredible and I feel fantastic!  The customer service is second to none and the skills of the employees are top-notch.  If you're looking for a fabulous salon, look no further than Scott Miller. I love this place!
I've lived and traveled all around the world - Singapore , Miami, San Francisco, Houston but there's only Scott Miller salon. Everyone is knowledgeable and polite. I wish I still lived in Rochester so I could go there regularly . I grew up there and went when they were still in Fairport. Sarah did my hair color and Nicole blew dried. Fab job.... when I was in Rochester two weeks ago. I just love that Salon. Wish you had a salon here in San Fran. Great product selection.
Each time I visit (now that I have surpassed 40 we are down to 5 week intervals!) I am impressed with how well this business is run. You can tell that with every interaction there is a culture of customer service and an effort to create the best experience possible. Excellence through commitment to process AND people....doing the same thing well over and over again. Everyone is in on it - like the Wegmans of the beauty business. Shout out to Mary Tochelli and Jenna Rossi - thanks for all the years of beauty!
I have been a customer at Scott Miller for almost 8 years now.  I can honestly say that the service is outstanding from the moment you enter the salon and meet the greeters, to meeting with the person that is providing your service.  I have had my hair cut by several people, as well as have my hair colored, manicures, pedicures, eyebrow waxing, facials, and make-up applications.  I have never had a bad experience.  In fact, I have lived out of the Rochester area two different times over the course of the eight years, and have traveled back to Scott Miller.  If customer service is a priority for you, then you need to book an appointment at Scott Miller!  It is an amazing experience every time!
The people working at Scott Miller are highly, highly trained and continue regular training with the best people in the business.  Colorists know precisely  what they're doing and listen to exactly what you want.  The stylists are the same way, makeup artists, estheticians, massage therapists, etc.  Though it's more money than other places in town, you get more than what you pay for.  Everyone is nice and friendly, and want you to have the best experience and offer the best products and services.  SM Salon & Spa is the only thing I miss about living in Rochester.  Take advantage while you can.
Just went to scott miller salon and got a cut and color. I wasn't really able to express what I wanted but they got it just right.  Everyone was really nice. overall it was a really great experience and I highly recommend this salon. I noticed that other reviews said they were a bit pricey, but I thought it was a very good value - considering i loved my hair and the service was great.
This is a first class salon, and for that, the prices are much better than average -- especially as you can count on getting something you'll like if not LOVE.  I like that you see someone for the cut and someone else for the color.   Both trained experts in their field...instead of getting either/or when only one person is doing both (not to mention the time you waste waiting for your stylist to get back to you because s/he is cutting someone else's hair while you cool your heels after having color done).  Exceedingly friendly, lively, upscale...the place is a goldmine for a town the size of Rochester.  For those uncomfortable with glamour and focused attention, it may not be for you.  But for those of us who want to be pampered and are willing to pay for the fantastic, one-off look we get at Scott Miller...highly, highly recommend.
