I am so grateful that Rasa is here in my community!  As someone who serves on the non-profit side of things, there is a huge potential for burnout!  This will not happen, so long as I remember to include Rasa Spa in my self care.  The environment is conducive to rest, relaxation and rejuvenation!  The sauna and showers are heavenly!  The staff add a great and welcoming energy to the experience.  The cucumber or lemon zested water adds a great touch!  I also appreciate the tea selection and the abundance of honey!  I have become intentional about including Rasa Spa in my self care ritual and routine!
I had the worst spa experience of my life at Rasa spa... And that's saying a lot because I have been to more spas in more cities than I can count. I was scheduled for a Reiki session and a scalp massage. Upon arriving I was able to relax in a sauna. There was a bowl of water and a mug and instructions saying to add water to the hot stones for steam. Well I did this and was immediately burned by the steam the came up from the stones. Apparently there was supposed to be a long handled ladle that someone failed to put out and had instead replaced with a mug. I was in so much pain I could barely get my robe on. I went out to the receptionist and told her what had happened. She was completely stumped and said she had no idea what to do for a burn. After several minutes of confusion she brought me a bowl of ice and seemed to think this solved everything. I went on to the reiki session which was nice. It would have been sublime if I had not been in such pain. Then I went for the scalp massage. I am African American and I was planning to go to dinner following my appointment. Imagine my shock when my head was saturated with a hot oil that smelled like old cooking oil! No where in the description was it indicated this is what would happen. Furthermore, my hair is not of the wash and go variety, even if my hand had been up to submerging it in water hot enough to break down this horrible smelling oil. As I left the receptionist was just as clueless about my unhappiness with my service as she appeared to be about everything else.  All she cared about was getting  payment. I contacted the spa owner who informed me that the spa actually had creams for burns on site but apparently the receptionist hadn't been trained properly. She didn't know why anyone would put a mug instead of a ladle. And perhaps I'd like 25% off my next visit. It took a week of back and forth before she refunded the cost of the scalp massage and provided me with lavender cream for my burns, which were still visible. No matter what was offered I will NEVER return to Rasa. I value my safety so much more than that!
My experience at Rasa Spa was quite excellent and rewarding. I received a gift certificate for a 30 min massage so I figured I'd try it out. The process of making an appointment online was very easy. You can search by treatment types, available therapists, gender preference, location, etc. I was able to schedule a same-day appointment on a Saturday and got an email confirmation. When I arrived, the person at the desk gave me a pair of sandals and explained the locker room, since I said it was my first time there. I did that and waited about 5 minutes in the tranquility room, which is just a nice, quiet space to relax, look out the big windows, and read/listen to music while you wait. There were several people in there waiting in their robes or just enjoying the space. The massage itself was excellent and the therapist (Katie) took time to explain how everything works, ask me what areas I wanted to focus on, and what kind of pressure I prefer. She really went out of her way to make sure I was having a good experience! I couldn't be happier with the environment and the massage itself, which was very skilled and targeted, and not just senseless kneading and poking. After the massage, Katie let me know that I was welcome to use the tranquility room, saunas, and showers at my leisure. It was very quiet and relaxing, and I could see spending several hours there reading if I had more time to hang out after my massage. I definitely plan to return!
I found out about Rasa while searching for spas near Ithaca. After reading the positive reviews we booked appointments for a weekend getaway to the area. My boyfriend had a deep tissue massage, I opted for a body scrub. I agree with the comment another reviewer here had about the cushions- given the prices you would think they'd replace the cushions in the Tranquility Lounge. It's difficult to relax with wood slabs pushing through well-worn cushions into your body. The women's locker room comfortable and odorless, but a little on the small side. There were 3 other women in there at the same time as I was, and it felt crowded. Pack light for your visit - lockers are small and the locks are not that strong. Other than that, the place is super clean and peaceful, with a well-organized flow to it. Price-wise, I'd put Rasa at the high end of average. The products themselves are just fragrant enough smell but not so strong that they overpower you. I do need to find out where to get the spa slippers they give you for your visit....wearing them was like walking on a foot massage:D The staff were all friendly and strove to make it a relaxing experience (which it definitely was!!). Melissa did my scrub and made it a very pleasant, relaxing treatment. I left feeling refreshed and my skin is still so soft. Between the scrub, the aromatherapy massage, and the relax-and-take-your-time shower in between the 2 treatments I walked out of there feeling pretty fantastic! Rasa is definitely worth a visit if you are in Ithaca and want a relaxing spa treatment- I highly recommend!
I think being a Chatty Kathy is a requirement to work here... which is all fine and well if I was, say... 1. shopping 2. shopping or 3. shopping But, alas. I was not shopping. I was at a spa. I was at a spa to RELAX. not to chat. or be told how "Blah" my face is. The facial itself was technically good--she really knew what she was doing. And the spa itself is very well laid out and a rejuvenating space.... But did I really want to hear what's  going on at home, or talk about work? or how amazing it is to live in Ithaca? Um, not so much. Felt more like a trip to the dentist. ...At least my teeth don't hurt.
I don't want to love a place this expensive. But I do. I love Rasa. I've had a few massages here - all very good.  But if you're going for fall-down, drool-worthy relaxation, go for the Ananda hot oil scalp treatment.  It will put you into a coma.  A happy, warm, oily coma.   Come on, admit it, you've always dreamed about being in an oily coma. No??  Welllll... then you'll have to trust me on this one, it's pretty darn nice. What's great about Rasa is that they offer 30 min add-ons for many of their services - so you can try something out before committing to a whole hour and a hundred dollars.  The mini-spa sampler is also a nice way to get your bliss on. Really, you can't go wrong.  Be sure to arrive early or plan to stay late, so you can milk the "Tranquility Room" for all its worth.  I would recommend bringing your own book or trashy magazines, because all the reading material is spiritual detox crap. I saw a copy of Paradise Lost, too - who the hell goes to a spa to read Paradise Lost? The locker rooms include a hot sauna and hot showers with those delightful rain-shower showerheads.  You can use the amenities all day as long as you have an appointment - that helps take the sting out of some of the prices. Enjoy!!
I came here to get my eyebrows waxed and I was pretty disappointed. The aesthetician wore latex gloves, which was new to me for an eyebrow waxing. And hey, I'm all for preventing the spread of blood-borne pathogens, but the gloves were just really awkward and uncomfortable to me. They felt really strange on my face and it seemed like she was having a difficult time maneuvering with them on. After she was done I took a look in the mirror and had to ask her to even my eyebrows out. She had left some stray hairs on one brow. I guess I'm still on the hunt for a decent eye brow wax in Ithaca!
I get my waxing done here. Rasa is treats its customers very well. Love the relaxation room.
This review is for Jennifer, the massage therapist that gave me the best massage I have ever had. I was sorry I fell asleep because I don't remember the last 10 minutes of my massage! The spa itself is rather small and almost cramped feeling, but it's a nice place to hang out while you wait. When there are groups of ladies chatting away It's not relaxing at all.
It's expensive, but so is EVERY good spa. You won't find an hour massage for under $75-100 anywhere reputable. I think people in Ithaca are just used to things being cheap. This place is totally worth it. The massages my boyfriend and I got here were amazing. We are definitely going to come back.
I brought my 2 sisters there as a birthday gift to them. The person at the front desk was very friendly & helpful. The facility was beautiful, comfortable and everyone was very professional. The 3 of us wanted to be in the same room to get foot massages together and although  Rasa Spa doesn't normally put 3 people in the same room, they were happy to accommodate our request. The masseuses were talented, friendly and knowledgeable. Over all, the experience was beyond our expectations and we would all recommend Rasa Spa to anyone looking for an affordable, relaxing experience!!!
I recently treated myself to a massage at Rasa Spa, and it was a very pleasant, relaxing experience...until I returned to my locker and discovered that someone had stolen all my cash from my wallet (but luckily nothing else). I know I had locked it, though the locks can be a little finicky, so who knows whether the mechanism took properly. I immediately reported the theft to the police as well as to the staff, who offered apologies but nothing else. The spa's owner said she would discuss the situation with the full staff and get in touch with me personally over the next few days. I never heard back. I don't believe I will return to Rasa, given this lack of follow-up. Please make sure you keep your valuables in a safe place or leave them at home.
Rasa Spa is amazing.  I've had 4 massages here with three different therapists (Abbie, Renee, and James).  Each therapist had their own technique, but they were all very talented.  I've also had a facial (Sarah) and waxing as well.   The ambiance is incredible.  When you arrive, you are given a key to your own locker, comfy spa sandals, and a luxurious robe.  Regardless of what service you've scheduled, you have access to the showers (which are awesome), the dry sauna, and the Tranquility Room.  The tranquility room is a large light filled space  with windows overlooking the Cayuga inlet with lounges, blankets, reading material and tea.  Be sure to allot extra time in your schedule to spend time lounging about in this space.  It's very relaxing.  Bring your own reading material because the only magazines they have are about spas and spa products. The staff that greet you at check-in/out are always very friendly.  Stephanie (who rocks) even ordered Thai food for me and served it to me on a tray in the Tranquility Room!  Five Star Service!!! Facial: All their products are organic.  I got the 90 minute facial and it was AWESOME.  My skin looked and felt great afterward and it included a foot, head & neck massage!  Sarah is incredibly nice (check out her skin.  The proof is in the pudding, as they say!) Massage:  I would highly recommend Abbie:  She's small but a little powerhouse! Rennee was great too.   Waxing:  not blown away by the waxing, but maybe it was an off day.  The therapist said the air conditioning wasn't working in the room so none of the wax was setting.  This resulted in multiple attempts which is never fun : (   In summary, I would love to live at Rasa.  It's my go-to spot when I'm incredibly tense or need a reward!  It's very high caliber and professional.
I have been to Rasa 3 times (once for a leg wax, and twice for eyebrow waxes). They use high quality products, and the environment is pleasing. The cucumbers in the drinking water is a nice touch. There is a relaxation/reading room with a big window with a nice view.   Both eyebrow waxes were just okay. The person waxing my brows did not do so with much artistry, and seemed nervous and tentative. She wanted me to hold a card up to my brows in front of a mirror at various angles to show her exactly where I wanted hair removed. If I I wanted to have to make such determinations to that degree of detail I would do my own waxing.
Don't let all the bells and whistles fool you. Sure it's great to be greeted with sandals and a robe and to be brought into a "tranquility" room but the facial that I received was less than par.  I have tried many places and have received  lots of facials and this is by far the worst.  When I leave a facial I want my skin to feel clean and to glow...I left with my skin feeling and looking the exact same.  To make it worst, the massage portion of the facal was nothing more than tapping my skin...yes, tapping. Rasa has a beautiful facility and should receive 1 star for that and that alone.
