Love this place! I usually go for a brazilian and Rachel is strictly business. She's also occasionally chatty which is fun and a nice distraction during the painful parts (which is all of it). One thing I will say, is if you want someone to do the whole dance of covering up 90% of your lady bits with a towel while they wax each 10% area, this is not that place. If you've never had a wax before just be forewarned that there are times where you're just spread eagle and Rachel is just fine with that. She'll never make you feel uncomfortable and she's quick. I only write this because I recommended this place before to someone and it just surprised her. In her experience there was a lot of covering up the rest of the area but that also means it takes like an extra 20 minutes.
There are so many things to like about this place. 1) Great hygiene: This place always sticks to its no double dipping policy. They change the towels after each customer. You might say this is the way things are supposed to be but many places at ithaca neglect to do these pretty standard things. 2) Professional service: rachel is a waxing pro! 3) Prices: The prices are so reasonable compared to downtown locations. And proper puss is way better than the three downtown locations I tried (alta spa, innovations, skinique). 4) The online appointment system: Is sooo convenient. 5) The decor is so pretty: It is obvious Rachel put a lot of thought into every small detail. In other words, this place rocks!! Highly recommended!!
After reading the other reviews, I decided this was a place I could trust with my eyebrows. I have a hard time trusting anyone with my eyebrows.  I tried to come in yesterday and relied on yelp's hours but when I got there they were closed. I called and left a message which was promptly returned this morning.  I made an appointment and came in today. (Call to check hours and/or make appointment before going). The cushion on the bed was comfy memory foam material and made me feel relaxed. The procedure was different than I have ever experienced before. First my eyebrow hairs were trimmed.  In the future I will ask for less trimming, I like a full figured eyebrow and don't want them to be too thinned out. Then came waxing. This was also done in a different way than I am used to, it wasn't bad, but it just wasn't expected this way. Some wax ended up on my upper cheek/corner of my eye far from my eyebrow and ended up being pulled up. Now I have a little red mark there (I usually get red after waxing, just not usually this far away from my eyebrow). This isn't a big deal, I just like to give full disclosure when yelping. Overall, I am satisfied with the outcome. It is a bit pricey $15 for eyebrows pre-tip. She does do some fun lotion application after which felt nice and relieving. I'll post pictures of my eyebrows so you can see the results for yourself. Thanks proper puss! (I just love the name and the idea of the place too, very cute, empowers women to own their own beauty!)
Had a great experience here. And on a dare from my sister, got vajazzled too. It stayed in place (for the most part) for two weeks! Thanks to Rachel, for her attention to detail and perfectionism. I love that I've found this place, and as an Ithaca local I'll try to make an appointment whenever I make it home from my current home in CT.
Let me start out by saying that this was my first Brazilian ever! I got the half leg/underarm/brazilian package totalling $100. I have had leg and underarm wax before, but never the netherparts, so I was very nervous. I had done a bunch of research before I went and knew to take some motrin before hand, as it eases the pain. GOOD PLAN! I felt very comfortable with Rachel, she was professional and during the brazilian I was being a little bit of a baby(hey it hurts!) She did a great job of keeping my mind off of the pain though. Very cool! She was pretty busy due to one of her assistants being at wax school, she was pretty much running the phones and taking care of everyother task inside of the salon by herself. A few times she had to go out front to meet with customers, but I didn't mind, it helped me have a little more relaxing time between rippings! I paid for the service, and bc of the wait, she gave me a 15% discount which I didn't expect but didn't mind, and she absolutely would not let me tip! I wanted to bc she was so great, but she insisted that I didn't. I definitely recommend Proper Puss next time an occasion calls for one, or if you just like to be all Proper :)  I will definitely be frequenting this salon for any wax related services! Good Work Proper Puss!!
Absolutely Fantastic place!  When you walk inside the cozy salon, you instantly feel like you are no longer in Ithaca but some swanky city.  The decor is modern and adorable, the staff is super warm and friendly, and there are always some healthy snacks and tea/coffee.   Rachel is the absolute best!  She is friendly, does a great job, and makes you feel very comfortable.  I have gone to other salons in other cities as well and Proper Puss is my favorite and a much needed addition in Ithaca.  Prices are reasonable and comparable to those in other areas and the staff is very fair.
There are salons that are very bare-bones and a bit sanitarium like in terms of decor when you come for a wax. Then there are salons that have  great interiors and make you feel like you're in someone's house. Proper Puss falls into the latter, and I could not be any happier with the service I received. I made an appointment with Rachael and the wax she used was great-- no inflammations, nothing painful. This was the first time my underarms felt totally relaxed instead of that post-grinder feeling with some places when they just rip the wax with "gusto." The one tiny downside is that the price is a tad steep for me, but it's a great place if I feel like getting a diva treatment or just want to stay close to campus without having to head to the mall to get my waxing done.
Spring has come and so is waxing season! I had been nervous ever since I made the appointment for my first Brazilian but Rachel made the experience and my ..... smooth. Thank you Rachel!
I followed Rachael from her previous job to here because she is, hands down, the best waxer EVER.  I am moving away from Ithaca and I seriously wonder how I will find someone to make my puss as proper as she does!  She manages to be quick and thorough at the same time. The decor of Proper Puss is gorgeous and makes you feel at home.   Super friendly and professional staff.
Let me just say I have been getting brazillians for a while now and I have had great ones as well as not so good ones. I gotta say that this place falls in the category of great.  So glad I found it! If you're going somewhere in Ithaca for hair removal this is the place to go. It's prices are better than any place in town and quality is top notch.
I've been coming to Proper Puss for the past three years. Rachael always does a fantastic job, and more importantly she's fast! It's a very comfortable setting and the hospitality is what you'd expect. I've gotten plenty of brazilian waxes and must say PP does as good as a job (if not better) as any upscale salon in NYC.
Wow, I am almost speechless. Outrageously unprofessional customer service from the owner of this establishment..  Let me recap... i went in today for an organic spray tan.  Very much looking forward to it, I used to get organic spray tans out in LA, and was so excited for the opportunity to do it in Ithaca.  Going to Florida this afternoon and all it great.  So I walk in and am welcomed by the receptionist and Rachael.  The receptionist is lovely and nice.  I go into the the little room and get sprayed by owner Rachael.  She had an entitled attitude sort of always, even when I first stopped in to make the appt.  As if she is doing a favor rather than booking a service I will be paying for.  After I am sprayed, which she did a good job at, nice color, I am still pretty wet after standing and drying for a couple minutes.  She uses a hand dryer to dry the solution and then I stand and wait it out some more.  I asked if I could please use the hand dryer to dry my neck, and she doesn't answer and instead reaches to touch the wet area!! Anyone who has been spray tanned, knows you let it dry, and if you touch it when wet it leaves a mark! This is why you stand and wait, or use a fan to dry off. So I stepped back and said please dont.  Not at all rudely, very polite actually.  She proceeds to give me a ridiculous glare, says wow, and stomps away.  THIS IS THE OWNER. I'm at a spa. Getting a treatment.  I honestly felt so shocked.  So I say again, excuse me, does this mean I can't use the fan?  And she finally responds after literally ignoring the first two times I said excuse me, mind you this place is tiny. So she finally acknowledges and says no, you cant use the equipment.  Totally understandable.  What a professional employee would follow that up with is, "but i'd be happy to dry you a bit more." But she does not say this.  She just says no, almost gloating, totally bizarre.  Then she seems to realize that she was outrageous but does not apologize.  She walks out of the little room i'm in, to another customer, never thanking me, or acknowledging anything. I left a note for Rachael because she was with a customer, and unlike Rachael, I used tact and appropriate communication.  I told her simply what I'll end this with.  She lost what would have become a very regular customer by being incredibly unprofessional.  It's not only about the product, it's about the experience.
Waxing is the only service that I'd rather get done in Ithaca than NYC because of this salon, which obviously says a lot. The interior is very cute and makes me feel really comfortable, unlike other salons that look like free clinics inside. Rachel is also a fantastic waxer who makes waxing as quick and painless as possible. My first time getting a brazilian wax was at Proper Puss, and she talked to me a lot to distract me from the sting. It worked. She already feels like your girl friend after one session! It's surprising how much being a good conversationalist matters for waxers. I love this place!
