Elbow room has the best wings in town only Down fall is there don't accept cards cash only
The wings here taste great (and I wish I had known to order them extra crispy though our order was crispy as it was), but there is a bit of sticker shock at $11/order.  Our wings were not quite as meaty as at some places but there was a pile of them.  The blue cheese dressing is excellent. Not a fan of their cheeseburgers, which are kind of ordinary.   Staff is friendly.  You place your order at the bar and your food is brought to your table.  No credit cards are accepted.
I grew up eating these wings. I went back for my 10th and 20th reunion and the wings were still pretty effin amazing. I'm looking forward to my 30th reunion.. Just for the wings... (and for that hot redhead cheerleader) ;)
I was just introduced to the Elbow Room last week and I am definitely a fan.  My cheeseburger was amazing.  This is definitely a "sports bar" type environment.  Don't expect to come here and be "wined and dined."  You have to go to the bar to order your food and drinks and the eating area/dining room area is a little closed in and dark with outdated paneling etc.  All the customers here were eating the wings.  I think I made a mistake by not ordering the wings instead of the cheeseburger.  Needless to say, my cheeseburger was really good and I have no complaints.  Awesomel bar food in a neighborhood bar atmosphere.  Next time I plan on trying the extra crispy wings.
If I was to be hanged tomorrow, I'd be eating Elbow Room wings tonite. We live out-of-town, but always pay a visit for a dozen during our occasional trips back home. Great atmosphere, good experienced staff, cold beer - what else could you want? Best wishes to all my Elmira homies and congrats to Billy Cox (owner) for a fine joint.
Was there the other day with my Uncle and my Brother. We ate at the bar although there were plenty of tables (our choice) My Uncle and I ordered Reuben's and my brother ordered a burger. The food arrived quickly and hot. The burger was huge, Reuben's good size. They had extra Thousand Island dressing for dipping. Big fresh dill pickles. A large selection of bottled beer and my iced tea was refilled quickly and cheerfully. The place was pretty empty at the time so it was easy to carry on a conversation. All on all, it was an enjoyable lunch experience, and I will return there!
Arguably the best wings in the Elmira area.  Order them extra crispy. They also have great burgers and sandwiches.  Although it is a bar, it is family friendly (my son loves to eat wings here).
Been going here regularly as the wing craving hits me.  Always my first choice for wings in the area, you get great value for your money.  Recently tried their burgers and was not disappointed.  The only issue I have is they are cash-only and will only take checks from local banks (there needs to be an Elmira address for the bank branch on the check).  If you are in the mood for great wings and a solid selection of beers, make this your next night out.
Great food but the number of people you piss off closing the kitchen each day for 2 hours is ridiculous and not worth it for whatever you are saving.
Know for the Great large wings (Order them extra crispy).  The Fillet and burgers are also good choices.  Only drawback is that it is a cash only establishment.
Fantastic wings and a good beer selection...great neighborhood spot.
Wings are really good. Love their burgers. Fries should come with the burgers but don't. Order at the bar and food is brought to your booth or table.
I agree with some of the others - Elbow room has some of the best wings in Elmira (and I concur, order them extra crispy) , and also the best char-broiled burgers in town.  Actually, all the food is decent - high-end bar food.   The place is a local hang-out that services the medical staff at Arnot-Ogden hospital,  so it's a clientele with a few bucks.  Now the bad -    It gets incredibly packed at certain times of the day/evening,  it's cash-only,  and service is limited.   Locals go to the bar and order.   It's also quirky - the owners close the kitchen at certain times during the day for no apparent reason.
Great service and amazing wings. The wings are big and they give you alot for your $$$. Recommend this place to everyone!
No wait staff and yet they expect a tip. $11+ for wings? Get real. Wouldn't go again, ever.
