Excellent food and friendly service! We enjoyed the fresh salmon burger and a tuna wrap on wheat. The guy wearing the bacon apron even brought us a sample taste of the cucumber salad. What service! We would return when we visit Elmira again!
haven't had a bad meal yet. If only they would expand into a lager building in Horseheads. I would be there a lot more often, especially ordering takeout for work lunches.
Not going to lie, I walked in with some pretty low expectations just because I don't expect much from the culinary powers that be in Elmira, NY, but I was surprised at the selection and quality of food I received. It took me a good 15 minutes to decide what I wanted to eat just because there were so many things that sounded wonderful, but I finally ordered the hummus and baba ghanoush wrap with a side of sweet potato fries and it was excellent.  The baba ghanoush and hummus blended perfectly without one overpowering the other's flavors. The prices aren't bad either - I believe my total bill including tax came out to be $10.25 while friends I dined with had tabs that ranged from $8-$13. They've also got an extensive menu for those who are allergic to gluten. I never thought I'd say this about a restaurant/cafe in Elmira, but... I strangely can't wait to return.
I am a regular here.  I eat here for lunch at least one time per week.  I love the chicken salad wrap and the taco soup.  I also like salad with grilled chicken on it or the sweet potato fries.  Big chocolate chip cookies or brownies as well...The staff is awesome, the atmosphere is awesome, the prices are awesome.  You can eat out on the deck if the weather is nice or eat inside.  I sometimes call during my lunch and get take out and they always have my food ready with in a ten minute time frame or so.  Luv it here!  Great Place!
This is a cute place to grab a sandwich and soup. The staff are friendly.
A little place with a lot of personality, and great food.
A friend recommended this spot to me, and I am glad that they did. I definitely would not have found it on my own. Soup is clearly the main draw and they have plenty of varieties, but they also have wraps, burgers, and salads as well. I picked the hot pepper cheese soup which was delicious. Very cheesy (how could you go wrong?) with potatoes and a delightful surprise of sausage mixed in. Perfect amount of spice level from the pepper jack if you like some heat. I actually ended up taking a quart to go home with me so what does that tell you. I also tried the wild salmon burger. Clearly a frozen salmon patty (should have expected given where I am), but the fresh dill mayo livened things up enough and the butter toasted bun compensated flavor adequately. I'd try one of their wraps if I make it out again. Prices are very fair for lunch and not everyone needs to spend as much as I did. Service was friendly and attentive. You should know the hours cater to lunch only (10:30 to 3:30 except for one day of the week if I recall correctly), but if you are looking for a good upscale alternative to subway like myself, look no further.
Enjoyed the gazpacho and the gluten free bread.
I have been to this cafe many times for lunch, which is always good. Tried out the new Friday night fish fry.  Yummy. Great atmosphere, friendly service.
