When my family arrived at this restaurant, we were deterred by the appearance of the building but were in for a really pleasant surprise! There were very few people dining there that night which was the main reason why we were a bit scared to eat there. The restaurant is a nice size and has great interior decor, but you don't really see that on the outside. The food was pretty good! The rolls tasted great and were well-made. The udon was also pretty good. The sashimi was fresh -- especially the white tuna. The pricing was great and pretty cheap (especially to us because we come from NYC). We were a group of 15 and our total came up to $250. The staff was also super friendly! If you're in the area and want some quality sushi and service, definitely come to Tuna II!
In from out of town, searching for a sushi place....and it was horrible. I waited way too long, 40 minutes. For three rolls that were so fishy tasting we couldn't finish them. I agree with the other reviewer, that it was stale.  Very chewy and not good at all. I would never go back. I'm sorry :(
Tuna II offers the best sushi and Japanese food in Chemung County. The servers and chef are very friendly and helpful. The food is well prepared, with great attention paid to detail, balance and flavors. The establishment may look very unassuming from the outside, but it's full of warmth, good cheer, and excellent Japanese cuisine. I find it hard to recommend just one dish... the rolls and sashimi are my favorites, though.
Went here for lunch recently and we ordered the vegetable udon noodle soup and he got the pork & rice dish. Both were very satisfying, good, "like home" dishes!
Having been in town for a couple weeks from Long Beach California I was craving sushi and this place up with good reviews.  I ordered unagi, ika, ama ebi, yellow tail, scallop,  tuna, octopus,  and a spicy tuna hand roll. The scallop was incredibly fresh, the spicy hand roll was delicious.  The ama ebi I'm sorry to say was not ama ebi. The owner later explained the cost of it vs the low demand he gets for it. I think it should be taken off the menu because it is not ama ebi. It's possible that the green tea ice cream was freezer burnt but the fried vanilla ice cream was good. I highly recommend this place if you want sushi. Just don't order the ama ebi or green tea ice cream. I will definitely frequent this place once I move back to the area.
Very good sushi. One of the few bars in this area and the best available.
We stop by for lunch now and again - we always get the lunch box - great value for the price and tasty too! Pros:  Out of the way, hole in the wall, quiet, price is good, service is quick, food is good Cons:  The can of soda is often expired, the bathroom is neither sparkling clean nor fully functional
This place is bad please don't go there,we ordered sushi it was stale and tasted old,seafood soba soup did not have soba noodles instead it was Chinese low mien,false advertising there was no crab ,no fish cakes only one scallop tine piece of white fish and 2 shrimps,I wish I could give 0 stars
I've driven by this new restaurant a ton of times but never stopped in until a few weeks ago. I didn't know what to expect at first, but I love this place! It's got a great menu, authentic Japenese dishes, and a sushi bar. Our waiter was really nice and helpful when recommending food. Everything tasted excellent in my bento box: cali roll, tempura, rice, salad with ginger dressing and miso soup. I will be definitely be going again. It's a little pricey ($30 for two), but worth it!
Been there a bunch of times and this place is the real deal. It's a family owned and family operated gem. Owner makes the sushi so it's always with much care and attention to details. Highly recommended if you're craving sushi!
Never disappointed.  Always good service in a friendly environment.  Delicious food all around.
