I agree with most of the other reviewers. This place seems like it's been here for years and hasn't changed since the beginning. We got the pizza with italian sausage on it and it was good, had a unique slightly sweet/spicy taste to it and we enjoyed it.  All the desserts we tried were very good as well. Our friends had the shrimp scampi and lasagna and enjoyed their meals too.
Had dinner there and wasn't blown away. The service was spotty and though the place was mostly empty, they sat us next to somebody. We ordered steaks and though it was cooked properly, it was cold. I've had better, especially for the price.
Unfortunately a true disappointment. The service was acceptable and one could consider the look of the place to be homey or retro or kitschy but the food was not good and not fresh. I wouldn't recommend this place. They need to try much harder.
The stars are for the food. My group wasn't really feeling it. I've experienced better. When trying to find a restaurant within this town, It was hard. It's not like in San Diego where there are restaurants on almost every other street. So we ended up at this one. Very old. The water/bread boy that looked like Channing Tatum, didn't look happy about his job. No eye contact was made. Not even a hello. Nothing. The food is said to be hand made on the spot. Not pre made which is why the wait is somewhat long. I ordered the half chicken. It was very veiny and fatty. The chicken I had must've been obese. And the salad was just iceberg lettuce with a few onions and one chunk of tomato on it. It is great that it has been open since 1917 and that it is a locals restaurant. But it just did nothing for us.
Had the pleasure of eating here several times when I was in the area.  It is a old school Italian Restaurant with quality food and service. I enjoyed both the Fillet & NY Strip Steaks.  You need to order them with the mushrooms and a canolli for dessert. Hope I get back to the area soon so I can stop in for another good meal
When you walk in this place, you immediately feel like you are back in the 1970s.  Well, at least that's what I assume it feels like anyway....I'm too young to know.  I'm guessing they haven't updated the decor of this place in years, and it could definitely use it in spots.  The old-school Italian music made me feel like the mafia would be visiting as well.  It kind of adds to the unique old-school atmosphere of this place though.  Our server was great - friendly, knowledgeable, funny and very attentive.  My chicken parm was very tasty, but it was also served just barely warm.  Too bad...this really could have been a great dish.  My side of spaghetti and freshly made meatballs was at least served hot, and it was delicious.  I'd have given 4 stars, but just couldn't with my food coming out cold.
This place is old school. The decor and menu seem like they haven't changed in 30 years. The staff are really nice, and food is pretty good.
I grew up in Elmira so I used to go to Moretti's every Friday with my grandparents for Fish Fry and also many other times. Good food, good prices. The place is a little dark through so it can be difficult for some people to see. Good place for romantic dates. I want to say great staff as well, but every time my family stopped in we had the same girl - Nikki who is a fantastic waitress!
This place is hidden in a back alley some where behind Elmira College.  I never knew this place even existed.  Apparently this restaurant has been around since 1917 or something of that sort according to the menu?!  The staff was not very welcoming and inviting when we walked into the place.  Upon walking into the restaurant, there were three waitresses standing around that did not greet us or even make eye contact with us. The place is very dark and the decor is very 1960's, outdated, drab and dreary.  In the dining room, tables were seated very close to each other almost to the point I felt a little uncomfortable, as if I was listening to the conversation of the couple sitting at the table next to me.  The menu stated that "there were no free refills on sodas" which I thought was a cheap gesture.  Sodas cost $2.00 so we had one and drank water for the remainder of our dinner nonetheless.  I ordered the chicken scampi and Mr. P ordered the chicken marsala.  Bread was quite fresh and I am pretty sure that it was baked there or specially ordered fresh.    It took forever to get our dishes.  Our waitress noted that dishes are made by scratch here which sometimes takes a little longer to make.  My dinner was exceptionally worth the wait though, trying Mr. P's chicken marsala was just "ok."  The chicken seemed a little "chewy and veiny" though I am not a big marsala fan.  I do not have a any complaints about my dish other than my baked potato seemed to be over cooked.  I do believe this place is quite pricey for the quality that you get.  This area has a few good italian restaurants that this might not be my first choice in the future, given the price, the atmosphere, and the chilly welcoming....
This is an Elmira landmark Italian restaurant that is known for their steaks and standard Italian fare.   The dining room and bar have not been re-modeled in decades so don't expect much on decor. This is one of those family owned places that if you grew up going to feels like you are stepping into a time machine when you enter now. The bread, the salad, the food and the place is unchanged after all this time.....service is great, too. Still solid and memorable.
Just wondering why there is a review of the Olive Garden on the Moretti's site?  Seems odd!
Moretti's is an AMAZING Italian Restaurant that has been in Elmira for years. This place has an old world Italian feel and charm, I doubt it has been changed since it opened. When I lived in Elmira I eat here often and was never disappointed. This is a great place for dates or if you want to treat yourself.
The best Filet Mignon in the area. Family run old-style Italian restaurant. Service is friendly and good.
I love that Moretti's never changes.  First let's talk location.. Hatch St. is the edge of the Industrial district and is a scary place save for the restaurant.   Moretti's is known for steaks, and the while the  "Fillet" everyone raves about is a local favorite (inc. mine) - it is not a Fillet Mignon.  I honestly have never seen a cut of beef that's quite the same -it might be a chunk of tenderloin but farther down the muscle - don't know, but a "Fillet Mignon" it ain't.  It is pretty good though - they serve it in a plate of melted butter (typical Italian, at least in Elmira) .   Salads are another typical Elmira-Italian affair... they make them up by the dozens well ahead of time, drench them in Italian dressing (really more like  marinated vegetables  than salad)  and then leave them sitting at room temp.  I've eaten at Moretti's probably 50 times and have never had a cold salad.  Be forewarned - this is the kind of place where 'regulars' have their own tables,  and if you're not one of those, don't expect anything expecting quick service during peak hours.  The red sauce is good here  - as is the minestrone (which lots of people take-out in quart containers).  I always get a  side of  spaghetti with the steak, a cup of ministrone,  maybe an anchovie and onion antipasto,  and of course the "Fillet".  Don't overthink it - just do like the locals and you'll be happy.
