We called ahead and made a reservation for 7:00pm for Hibachi and were seated at about 7:15 after the group in front of us finished. I would say if you want want to wait for a long time GET A RESERVATION!  The place was packed and isn't very big.  The place was very clean and looked good.  I had the chicken and steak and it was 19 bucks which is a very good price. The chef was good one girl in our party has a shell fish allergy so they cooked her food separate.  The portion and quality of the food was generous compared to most I've been to!  One thing I look for when going for Hibachi is the speed of the chef.  If they take too long it gets cold by the time you get all your food.  Our chef was fast compared to most which isn't an easy thing making so many meats!  He did forget to give me my steak and apologized and quickly had them bring out filet Mignon (free upgrade) so that was nice. The only other minus was i drank my glass of water fairly quick and I didn't get a refill to almost at the end of the meal.   We did get dessert they had assorted caked I had the carrot cake and my wife had some lemon cake both were ok nothing great I would recommend getting dessert elsewhere.  So all in all this place ranks well in the land of Hibachi places. I would definitely go here over Mount Fuji due to faster service. Parking is easy and free in public lot, they takes reservations, and takes credit cards.
Great menu, top notch preparation and service. Did I mention the food, oh yah, it was fantastic. Definitely an unexpected surprise and a recommended "good spot" that you should check out!
Have only been on the tapas side. Their martinis are well priced and almost uniformly delicious. The food, however... Speaking in generalities, because I've had most of the dishes on the menu (to help soak up those cocktails) I think you could heat up a frozen meal and it would be of the same complexity and quality. The food is achingly average, and the menu is more of a confused Asian fusion of smallish plates than it is legitimate tapas.
The hotel suggested this place for tapas, and while the food was good, I can't say the same for the service.  I sat at the bar, which has seen better days.  I don't know if bar brawls are common here, but what else explains chunks of wood gouged out of the woodwork? Ordering a drink took 3 tries, because the answer was usually, "We don't have that."  Hendricks Gin?  A single malt scotch?  Bitters for a Manhattan?  We're not talking exotic stuff here.  After I got my drink I was ignored for the next 15 minutes while 6 or 7 of the staff shuttled back and forth between the kitchen and the bar, mostly chatting about their social lives.  I was there early in the evening, so staff outnumbered customers by about two-to-one, so why no one could get served remained a mystery. I finally used my cell phone to call the place, and said, "I'm sitting at the bar, can I get a menu?"  The look on the girl's face was priceless, and after that I got some service. They were out of the first 2 items I selected from the tapas menu (of course), but I finally went with the chicken satay skewers, Spanish shrimp, and a beef filet.  The satay was tasty, but the chicken was dried out and very salty.  The shrimp were good, with lots of garlic, and the beef was OK, but nothing special.   For the area it is something a bit different, but not someplace I'd give a 2nd visit.
Stopped here tonight with my roommate in search of some decent local fare....we were disappointed.   We were interested in the tapas portion of the restaurant, not the hibachi style grill.  Perhaps that side features more enticing food?  Either way this review is only based on the bar and tapas side.   Tried the torrentes-chardonnay blend, not impressed.  Bar was dirty and the bartender attentive only to a bare minimum.   We were seated 20 minutes later, and we ordered three plates "to start".  Soft-shell crab, Spanish Garlic Shrimp, and Mini Seafood Paella.  The crab was greasy, but edible.  The shrimp was overcooked, and the garlic was more a feature in the spinach sauteed on the side.  The "paella" was essentially white rice with diced onions, cucumbers, and peppers.  While the seafood was plentiful, the flavor was not.  A sincere lack of sofrito, callaspara rice, and saffron made me wish the owner had put the title of the dish in quotations.   Perhaps my expectations are a bit high, but if you're in the region looking for Tapas, head to the Cellar in Corning before trying this joint.
Came into town on business on a rainy dreary Monday night. Stopped into Simons because of the Yelp reviews. Having visited the Elmira area in the past, I was a bit leary about dining out in a "non chain" restaurant. I always sit at the bar when I am by myself and found a spot right away. The interior is kind of a mismatch of old diner and shabby sheek. The Tapas is prepared behind the bar and it is fun to watch the chef preparing the food. There were a few people gathered around a hibachi table and a "first date" couple next to me. The wailing of a baby at the hibachi table may have bothered the first daters, but did not bother me. I really like draft beer and was dissapointed to find they did not have any draft. However, they had a nice bottle selection and the beer I ordered was ice cold. The bartender was prompt and friendly. She handed me a menu which unforunately had stains all over the inside. Pretty gross and unexpected from a "fine" establishment. I asked the young lady behind the bar to suggest some Tapas. She ran off her 3 faovorites and I said "sounds good" First came the dumplings. I ordered them steamed. They came with a nice garlicky sauce and a peanut sauce. Pretty standard dumplings, nothing special, but the cucumber salad was outstanding. I wished I could order a bowl to go........Next was a nice shrimp with vegatables. This dish was excellent and the shrimp and veggies were fresh and delicious. Last was the curry chicken Tapas. Nice spicy curry sauce with fresh veggies. They were not afraid to make this dish spicy and i left with a wonderful curry taste im my mouth. The bartender was happy that I took her suggestions and she came by often to ask how I was doing. When I left, the owner and 2 of the hostesses thanked me for coming. This was a nice and well appreciated touch. I will be back for sure......
Excellent for the price.  I've been there for the tapas and the hibachi, both were very good.  I'd say that it's the second best hibachi that I have had.  They have a great selection of drinks also. PROS:  Easy free parking in public lot, reasonably priced tapas, quick service.  Takes reservations.  Takes credit cards.  Good steak. SO SO: Hibachi scallops.  Hibachi chef's performance/entertainment level. Lighting/atmosphere.
Absolutely delicious whether you choose the tapas side or the Hibachi side.  Food is very high quality, just as good as the high end places we've been to in NYC.  Our table's favorite tapas were the scallops and the tuna sashimi. Very good martinis, especially the chocolate and mint chocolate ones. I only wish they made espresso martinis!!!  I hope they consider getting either an espresso machine or espresso flavored vodka to make them:)). Please Simon- consider it!!
I've dined only on the tapas side. I find the food to be quite good here.  It is not, however, a typical tapas menu, and might best be described as small portions of Asian fusion. I think the place is above average for this area and the prices are quite reasonable.
the food here is excellent. when i am in town, my parents always offer to take me out to dinner somewhere i choose, and i have always chosen simon's. the hibachi is really great, the best i have ever had. best fried rice as well. portions are HUGE and completely worth every penny (and prices are completely reasonable.) tapas is also reasonably priced, but in my opinion, not as good at the hibachi. service is prompt and attentive. the soup is awesome! great drinks at the bar, really fun karaoke that you will see everyone you went to high school who still lives in town at, and a more upscale hanover square experience than you'll get anywhere else except maybe louie's.
Love it here!  The tapas side is amazing.  The hibachi side is fun with the show and the food is good too of course.  But definitely go to the tapas side.  I had filet and the oysters which were both incredible - literally could not believe how good these were.  Their full bar and wine list are great too.  Great hang out spot as a bar just by itself.
The food was good; we ordered a bunch of plates to share. It was ladies night, so half priced martinis for half the table was solid. The drinks were strong and our waiter was attentive. Not much to look at from the outside, but the food is worth it. Would definitely go back.
Simon has a great ambiance and I've only eaten hibachi there, they give the basic show with the eggs and onion volcano which is entertaining and the rice is really good. I also go there for its night life, the peppermint mocha martini is really good and I heard the peanut butter one is also worth a try.
what a fun place to eat! great atmosphere, the food is absolutly awesome! the dinner show and the chef are fun. althought the hostess seemed kind of rude.
