Took a little while to get our drinks because we had moved tables due to a "party" where we were originally seated. Once there everything went smoothly. Food was excellent!!! Drinks were filled each time perfectly! Waitresses were pleasant.  All around a nice visit! Only complaint I would have is that they changed the regular pene' to vegetable tri color kind. Least it cut back on my carbs I take when I didn't eat the green and orange lol
This place was wonderful! Probably the best Olive Garden I've ever been to. The manager gave me my meal for free because they got it wrong the first time. The hostess was also very generous in giving us free samples of wine. I will definitely go back if I'm ever in the area.
We have had food at so many Olive Gardens but this has by far been the best of all! Really loved the minestrone soup, grilled chicken flatbread and make your own pizza!
Food tastes great but it's pricey and the place smells not-so-good. It's one of my favorite restaurants. Servers are wonderful and like I said the food is tasty. Definitely eating there again! I wish they had more soups to choose from.
Great customer service. I ate here and forgot my purse and they are shipping it to my house. I also got the eggplant parmesan and it was great! Also, when I came here there was no wait! Will definitely come back soon!
Well to start we waited 20 mins to get seated ok no problem. Got sat down waitress came over fairly quick that was a good start she came back 10 mins later to take our food order. Came back 15 mins later with soup and salad not to happy at this point on time. Then the long LONG wait for our food after over an hour wait just for the food mine food was wrong and small. My girlfriends food was better then mine. But neither one of us were happy with the long wait and saw people get up and leave that were still waiting for food. Not a great experience at all.
I dined at this Olive Garden (in front of the Arnot Mall) a while back with three other buddies. There was actually no wait to be seated here around 6:00 PM on a Thursday night. Most of the other Olive Gardens I've been to usually have waits for a table every night. All lunch or dinner entrees include unlimited soup or salad and breadsticks. My buddies ordered the family style salad (lettuce, sliced tomatoes, red onions, hot peppers, croutons, tossed in Italian dressing), which was very good. I had Pasta Fagioli (white & red beans, ground beef, tomatoes and ditalini pasta in a savory broth), very hearty and tasty. The breadsticks were warm, a bit salty and good. I ordered the Tour of Italy (fettucine alfredo, lasagna, & chicken parmesan), a sampling of my favorite dishes. For dessert, I had the Tiramisu, which was very sweet and refreshing. The service here was very good. Our waiter was very attentive to our needs throughout the meal offering us refills on food, drinks, grated cheese on the food, and the delivery of the food was prompt. When traveling through the Big Flats-Horseheads area, the Olive Garden is a good choice for dinner.
Don't dismiss this place just because it is a "chain." I have never had a bad meal at any Olive Garden, and this one is no exception. I ordered the Chicken Marsala. The salad arrived first - a nice big bowl of crisp lettuce, peppers, tomatoes, olives and croutons in a tangy oil and vinegar dressing. The entre came out piping hot: 3 sauteed chicken cutlets in a beautiful Marsala sauce and with a side of mashed potatoes. The chicken could not be more tender and the sauce was delectable. The hub had one of the new pasta/seafood dishes and it was also excellent. The atmosphere in the OG is always warm and inviting, the staff friendly - the manager even came to our table to ask us about our meals and gave us a coupon for our next visit. The bread at this location is especially good...must have hired an experienced baker! When I moved to the East Coast, one thing I looked forward to was great Italian food in those small family-owned eateries...hasn't happened yet (if you are reading this, please send me your favorite Italian restaurant in Upstate NY)...if you call yourself an Italian restaurant, you'd better make a killer red sauce. That is why I come to Olive Garden....consistently great food at reasonable prices!
First let me say:  Star Rating is strictly based on my last visit.  I've been to this Olive Garden several times and haven't had any problems or complaints.  I always get the same thing:  soup, salad, breadsticks.   Problem 1:  Waitress offered me sample of house wine.  I actually liked it.  Exchange went as follows: Me:  "I like the wine sample.  Can you tell me the name of the wine?" Waitress:  "Um, it's our house wine." Me:  "Right, but what's the name of the wine?" Waitress:  "Um.  House.  Wine.  I guess." Chain or not I suggest the waitstaff know what kind of wine they are serving especially if they are offering samples. Problem 2:  Hardly any dressing on the bottomless salad.  Two bowls. Only a trace of dressing.  Come on, Olive Garden...your dressing is the best part!  Skipping it only reveals that you are using that crappy Dole bagged salad that wasn't even washed as it REEKED that bagged-salad reek.
Ahhhh I love the fall, seeing all the beautiful leaves change color and smelling the crisp air of Autumn. With fall leads to the great season of race season. For all you long distance runners you know what I'm talking about. Fall is the start for great long distance racing all the way till spring. It's the annual Wine Glass Marathon, no, sorry to disappoint the race isn't about drinking wine till your hearts content, it's actually about running a marathon. Staying in downtown Corning our group leader thought it would be best to dine outside of town due to the large crowd and her lack of making reservations. The default carb'ing up location, why it's good ole Olive Garden. Table for 10 took about 1.5 hours wait to be seated. It's nothing unusual but all Olive Gardens have some sort of wait. Why? I have no idea, food isn't that amazing, ambiance isn't that great, and generally geared towards family with kids, definitely not my choice of place to eat. I ordered some sort of shrimp and scallop alfredo dish, and it was pretty awful. My sauce was watery instead of creamy and thick. My shrimp well it's those tiny baby shrimp with those tiny baby scallops. I hate places that just use cheap ingredients. Maybe, next time I should nominate myself as team leader.
Food as always was ok but the waiter dropped a wine glass under our table and it shattered.  It was several minutes before someone came to clean it up.  My wife had on sandals and got glass under her feet.  Luckily she was not cut.   The apology from the waiter didn't appear to be sincere.   I don't believe he ever told the manager as no one ever came by.  In addition my wife ordered wine and the guy put his head right down next to the glass to make sure he poured enough/ not too much.   For the broken glass you would think a little extra in the glass would not be an issue
Very happy with the food and service. Our server chynna was so friendly and accommodating. I was pleasantly surprised with the selection for the 2 for $25 menu. I got the seafood lasagna which was so yummy. My family and our Asian appetites ended up bringing home about half of the food. Chynna had no problem packing up even the salad and bread for us. Too bad this is nowhere near where I or my parents live.
This was more of a 2.5 stars experience, My first issue was that my server wreaked of cigarettes which I find repulsive especially at a restaurant. The food was decent but I thought that the two salads we ordered varied greatly from one to the other even though they were the same salad? one had hardly any croutons and the other had a ton, same with the onions. My ravioli was just good, but the temperature was more or less luke warm, maybe because my plate sat ready for 10 minutes while the server finished smoking out back. The service was marginal. I felt that there were not enough servers in the restaurant for the amount of patrons, oh wait a minute, I found out that half of them were out back smoking when we left. I don't know why I let my coworkers talk me into coming to Olive Garden, it has been along time since I have had a good experience.
