We visit Tanino's a few times a year so probably time for a review. Had dinner there this evening and it was very good overall. The restaurant itself has a nice atmosphere with warm decor. The menu is very large and a bit overwhelming, but there is definitely something there for everyone, ranging from pasta & pizza to seafood & steak. The seating is comfortable, I prefer and like the big booths. The bread is served warm and fresh with a side of seasoned olive oil which is great. The dinner salads are your basic dinner salads - House/Garden or Caesar, nothing special. -Appetizers: Started with a sweet and spicy calamari appetizer which was an evening special  - it had excellent flavor and a nice kick! Also had the Provolone Fritti which was also very good and served with a side of marinara sauce. -Entrees: Aglio Olio w/ Peppers, ordered hot, was spicy and excellent - Hubs also asked to have sausage added to it which I did not taste, but the pasta dish itself was delicious and packed a punch if you enjoy spicy like we do. Tony's Chicken Milanese was good, nothing special. The chicken is breaded, sautéed, and served dry with the lemon/garlic/wine sauce served in a little cup on the side. Odd, but I just poured it over the top of the chicken. The Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken was a huge disappointment. Nice sized portion, but lacked any hint of flavor - very very bland sauce, almost like they forgot to add the cheese. Service: our waitress was very pleasant and did a great job. Kept our water glasses and beverages filled, was very attentive, and took excellent care of us. Overview: The 4 stars are for 5 star table service and food ranging from 2 stars to 5 stars. There are many menu items which are very very similar to one another. It almost seems like the quality would be more consistent if they scaled the menu back and could concentrate on the consistency and quality of fewer items. Not my top choice of italian-type restaurants in the area, but an overall good, decently priced place with good service and a nice warm atmosphere - a good choice.
In case you were thinking that it is not possible for Italian food to be bad, think again. We ordered two very basic dishes - Eggplant Parmesan and Chicken Parmesan,  with the intention of sharing.  Soup or salad came with our meals.  I chose the house salad and was asked by our waiter if I wanted Bleu Cheese sprinkled on that?  "Sounds nice", I said.  There was no mention of the $1 up-charge.  I don't mind the buck, but seriously!  Fortunately, the cheese made the otherwise boring salad tasty.  My husband ordered pasta fazul, which was delivered without the pasta.  Hummm... The Eggplant Parm,-  three very thick rounds of under cooked eggplant came covered with cheese and sauce that seemed to have been assembled rather than baked.   Same with my husband's Chicken Parm.  Two good size pieces of chicken, breaded and fried (I assume), covered with cheese and sauce.  I'm picturing a quick assembly line in the kitchen.  Plate the eggplant, chicken, etc. melt some cheese on top and drown it in a watery red sauce.  Ugg! Even the spaghetti was tasteless.  How is that even possible? Bland, watery sauce on top of bland watery pasta - that's how.   We are visiting the area and this was one of five places recommended by a local. Not sure I want to try the other four.  Is there any good food in the Finger Lakes Region??
We were taken out to dinner with some good friends that have been regulars and absolutely love the food. We made reservations for 7 and we got there a few minutes early. The hostess told us our table was not ready, that's all she said! So we asked if we could wait at the bar and she just acted put out. We went to the bar and waited roughly 10 minutes before the bartender asked us what we wanted. 45 minutes later we were told are table was ready and then seconds later the hostess told us that they had the wrong table so we had to wait longer. We asked what the problem was and we were told that are table was ready but they had no silverware. WTF? We told them this was unacceptable and we had made reservations for 7 and it's been an hour. Finally we were seated. Needless to say, our friends were quite embarrassed. Truthfully the hostess and the floor manager are horrible at customer service. The floor manager apologized but he said they were really busy. I don't care! There is no excuse for making a reservation and having to wait over an hour without any compensation!!Once we sat down the waiter and the food were very good. But with the experience we had leading up to getting a table is enough for me to not come back.
We like coming here. I got Garlic Bianco Pizza and Mom and my brother Tim had fish fry. All our dinners was real good. Our waitress Mallory does a great job. We always ask for her. She's my friend and really nice and always smiling. Give her an award.
Roasted turkey panini is awesome.  Lasagna is very good also.  Couldn't ask for a better atmosphere.  Well done!
This is my favorite Italian place in the area by far. It has a nice decor and it has great food.  Parking is easy and it is in a plaza so that is nice.  The service has been good every time I have been here. They also try to adapt a dish to gluten free if you so choose or need to eat that way. We started off with Fried Calamari as an appetizer which was pretty good and the best part is they give a BIG PORTION by far bigger than any other place I have been. For dinner I had Chicken Sorrento which I have had 3-4 times which is really good it is Chicken parmesan topped with eggplant, mozzarella cheese and the portion is huge!  My dad got the Chicken Marsala which also was great.  I love the portion size you get here they don't skimp and try to rip you off. If you like Italian this place is worth your visit!
The cleanliness of this restaurant has a lot to be desired. Not only was the restroom filthy, but we had soiled utensils and dirty cloth place mats. It took our server more than 10 minutes to greet us and then almost as long to bring us our water. We were there a few days prior and had enjoyed our meal but the second time around was a big disappointment! We actually walked out before we even ordered our meal.
To start: the hostess and host were openly cold and rude to the point where my fiance asked if I wanted to leave before we were even seated. Not a great sign, at all. The waitress would NOT STOP backhandedly trying to upsell everything. Everything we ordered, she'd say "so that was [the version with the upgrade] right?" No, I don't want to pay $5 more for the extra clams on top. No, I didn't order the caesar salad. Perhaps our refusal to go for the upsell is why every other table around us got a refill on bread and drinks but we didn't. This reached critical mass when she tried to sell us on dessert no less than five times - when she cleared our plates, when she brought us the dessert menus despite us saying we weren't interested, when she recited the specials even though we had told her twice we weren't interested, when she told us again that the special dessert was her particular favorite, and then when she said "are you really sure? because I know I always have a sweet tooth after dinner" after we refused the fourth time. While the service alone would make sure that we never went there again, the food was mediocre at best - fiance had chicken parmesan which was ok, topped with a very unexciting tomato sauce, and I got linguini with white clam sauce which was more of a soup with some pasta in it. Altogether we were out over $40 for two sodas and two entrees. Went to the related bakery next door for dessert where the same dessert cost less than a third of the price and the service was a thousand times better, wish we'd gone there for sandwiches for dinner instead of wasting our money at the italian restaurant.
I have mixed reviews about this restaurant. I have been here on a few occasions & the food has been very good to not so great. I have celiac disease so I need a gluten free meal. They have been very accommodating & kind in regards to that. They also try to adapt a dish to gluten free if you so choose. I had a pasta dish that was very good. I was a bit upset though when they brought out bread for me. I cannot have bread! But the atmosphere was wonderful & the waitstaff was attentive. On other occasions I gave ordered gluten free pizza. I truly enjoyed my pizzas until my last visit! It tasted horrible. The crust tasted like cardboard & it did not have much of a topping on it! The waitstaff was wonderful though as she was attentive & very friendly. I am truly hoping this was just an off day as there are few gluten free restaurants in the area.
Very nice place. Food was good but the best part was our waitress Nichole. Highly recommend asking for her if you decide to eat here.
We had a wonderful experience here on Saturday night!  We had a group of 14 celebrating my sister and brother in law's 25th Wedding anniversary !  We selected a cake the day before from the bakery, attached to the restaurant, which was waiting for us in the private dining area that they reserved for us. We had a wide variety dinners and everyone really enjoyed their food!
I only went there once for take out.  I ordered two appetizers, paid ~$20, and returned after 20-25 minutes. Food wasn't done when I got back and I waited another 20 minutes before a gentleman came out, delivered my food, apologized, and presented me with a complimentary loaf of bread.  A nice gesture but as a single customer only in town for one more night I had no idea what to do with it.  I ate a couple of bites without toasting it then left it alone.  The food was above average but nothing to really brag about. My biggest concern was the wait time for appetizers.  Would you wait 40 mins for appetizers if you were dining in?
To start: one member of our party got here first and told the hostess he was waiting for two more and would be at the bar. When me and the third arrived we found the first and checked with the hostess to see how much longer. She said she hadn't added us to the list, so she added us to the bottom. Wtf? Then the bartender was inattentive. The food was decent.
This place is a gem in the rough!  The service was quick and the food was very tasty Italian!  They used only the freshest ingredients and the sauce was homemade!  Filling too!
My spouse, her mom, and I ate here on October 2, 2010.  We have eaten here several times previously and always had decent food and good service.  On this particular occasion, we had neither.  Our waiter was unattentive and disinterested.  Our entrees were average at best.  I have had much better pasta arrabbiata dishes at other restaurants.  My wife's eggplant parm was similarly low on her rating scale.  I tried the carrott cake for desert and, while the portion was enormous, the quality was middling.  I think we will try other places when we are back in the Elmira-Corning area.  If I could fine-tune my rating, I would give this place 2.5 stars.  Since I am not able to do so, I gave it 2 because Yelp describes a 3 star rating as "A-OK" and I'm not prepared to go there with this rating.
Tanino's is one of the best Italian restaurants in this area.  I come here 3-4 times a year, and have never been disappointed.  The chicken dishes are excellent here, and they also do great steaks.  The service is professional and attentive, and the prices are very reasonable.  This place is highly recommended.
Wife and I have been there twice in the last 3 years. We live 4 hours away but make a point to eat there when traveling nearby. This is a great Italian restaurant with a staff dedicated to good food and service.
My wife and I were travelling from Vermont to Michigan and it was dinner time. We saw signs for numerous fast food junk and then at the bottom of the sign, Tanino!  We decided to drive off the highway into Horseheads and we are glad we did.  We shared a wonderful white bean and greens appetizer, my wife had a steak that was totally buttery bliss.  My lasagna was superb, the marinara sauce made with an Italian secret, fennel.  These people know what they are doing. Friendly hostess and waitstaff topped it off, and very reasonable prices.
Google Maps lead me to the hidden GEM! We're just passin through to stop at the Museum of Glass, and wanted a nice, low key dinner. It's a family run local Italian restaurant with an excellent, interesting menu, very friendly and attentive service and very reasonable prices. Love to see several multi-generational families enjoying a nite out, where the kids, the parents and the grandparents can all enjoy something familiar or new as they wish. I had a home made minestrone and a classic alfredo. Wife had a lovely chicken+egg plant+artichoke hearts+proscutto(sp?) in a wine sauce. Both were excellent!
Best Italian food in the area.  One of my favorite classy restaurants in the area too.  Great food and great service. Very reasonable prices for the style/service and quality of food. Highly highly recommend it here.
This used to be thee place to go for Italian food but now it is just another hum drum restaurant that serves expensive so so meals. I believe they lost their checf and since then the place has gone down-hill.
Great food, great service, great bartender!  She makes a mean gin & tonic!
I only ate there only once, but I think it is a worthy restaurant. Like anything in this area, its rating is relative. I didn't think the entre I ordered was great, but the fact they had it on the menu at all is noteworthy. Everyone in our party liked their food. The menu is extensive, the prices good and the service excellent. But what I liked about it most was the atmosphere. It is a comfortable place conducive to conversation among a group or a nice dinner for two. Hanover Square is becoming quite the culinary district and this place fits the bill for Italian.
