I've always loved Puggies. They have great wings and subs and pizza. They use a lot of sauce however so if you are not fans of that then don't order the pizza get a sub or wings
Good Pizza but not great. I do feel the place is a tad overrated. In all my experiences with pudgies (which is a lot, my girlfriend loves this place) the pizza was overly saucy which is fine if that's what you prefer but for me I prefer mine to be a little cheesier than saucy. I even went out of my way to ask for less sauce and it still came out drenched in sauce. With that being said I do enjoy their pizza but I prefer a more thin crust, cheesier pizza than a more doughy saucier one. Either way these are just minor complaints and only my opinion. The taste of the pizza itself is good.
Best chicken wing pizza available, you won't find better. I have tried everywhere around town and nowhere compares. Only place with as good of flavor in their wing sauce is Alligers in Athens, but that is sort of out of the way.
I love Pudgies, and have never met anyone who hates it. The food is great and the prices are reasonable. Their steak fries are delicious and I really like their chicken speidi salad. The staff is usually friendly and crack jokes with my friends and I whenever we come in (about 2-3x a month). It's a great place to hit up after the bars close or when you've got the munchies! Yum!
One thing you will be surprised to miss, when not living near upstate NY, is Pudgies. It is hard to find in the  western part of the states are the following items: Sheet pizza, meat sauce, and something similar to a Pudgie Burger, and a decent Stromboli. In recent years, a sheet pizza with any topping have gotten really expensive. It a good thing I only order from them once a year. I always laugh at the $1 off coupon, since it does little towards the whole pricing.
Grew up in the area and find myself craving Pudgies all of the time. Their pizza is the best. Living in Washington DC, I have the opportunity to eat at tons of pizza joints. However, nobody stacks up to Pudgies. My favorite is the sheet pizza. Its great even a day later! EVERYTIME I come home I always order a sheet pizza to at least take back to DC. Most of my family is same way. We find ourselves talking about how much we love this place!!
Pudgies is one of those upstate NY places that never seems to leave you. I moved to the Boston area 7 years ago, but on every trip home, I have to get a slice of pizza or their wings.  It is a taste that has not changed in over 30 years.   The pizza is very doughy,  but almost bread-like and if you like that sort of pizza it is delicious. It was typical to get a party park for any event with a sheet pizza and wings.  Their wings are also unique, not typical Buffalo style, but a mix with BBQ sauce flavor. They are always large and cooked just right. (Sheet pizza is very hard to find in New England.) Their subs too are good, just as I remembered them as well, and the garlic knots again are very good and fresh.  It is always fun to come back and taste your childhood.
Pudgie's has a unique flavor to their pizza. It's pretty decent.  I am a big fan of the drive-through pick up window and that they take credit/debit cards.  They deliver. GOOD: Wings, calzone, delivery speed, have coupons SO-SO: Pizza, subs
I had to try this place. Everyone raves about it. Very Good.
pizza is gross, way too doughy. wings are awesome, though. definitely some of my favorites.
I grew up in Elmira so I have had Pudgie's quite a few times. There has been up and downs with the pizzas. Sometime it is not good, sometime it is.
