Visited Bernie Murray's with my son for dinner recently. It is a casual, Pub style atmosphere. Food: the menu has a nice variety of bar/pub style foods: wings, burgers, sandwiches, salads...etc. My son is a huge wing fan, so he ordered the hot wings and was not disappointed. He put them on his "Top 3 local favorite wing places". I ordered the Chef Salad which filled the plate and was very good. Service: there is seating in the dining room, but we chose to sit at a booth in the bar area which was roomy and comfortable. We were waited on table side by the bartender - he was quiet, but very pleasant and did a good job. Helpful tip: I did not know they didn't take credit cards until I tried to pay the bill with one. It is almost unheard of in this day and age not to accept credit cards, so I was a bit thrown off by that. It should be posted boldly and loudly so people are aware of it before they place their food orders. Thank goodness I had enough cash to pay the bill and leave a tip.  When I mentioned this to the bartender/waiter, he said there was an ATM machine in the restaurant for customer use. Soo.... a 4 star rating due to inconvenience/no obvious notice that this is a cash-only establishment, and for lack of parking (not parking area, on-street only and very few spaces).
I've had several experiences with Bernie Murray's but this is the first one that has actually caused me to write a review about the place.  First, the food is decent but it's not spectacular.  There are better wings to be had in Elmira.  Their burgers are also okay but again they aren't amazing. Okay so the food doesn't merit such a low rating, so what does?  The huge problem here is the service.  The owner of the place has a huge attitude problem and is an exceptionally rude person.   I work at a local business and there has been a few times the entire crew has decided to order out from here.  Every single time it's an issue.  The guy for some reason gets really mad when people ask for changes to anything about their meal.  Want your burger without lettuce?  That's a problem.  Want no tomatoes in your salad? That's a problem.  I've actually had him honestly say to me and another person I work with now "This is not Burger King, you don't get it your way."  I've also gotten food from there that was charred beyond belief and I suspect it's a passive aggressive way for him to punish people who have the audacity to request no pickles on their burger.  I honestly don't get his problem.  In the case of things being left off it would actually make the meal quicker and easier to make right?   Today though he actually made one of my female co-workers cry after he ripped into her for having the audacity to return the chicken sandwich they had messed up when she'd requested it a certain way.  It wasn't a hard change it was just that she didn't want lettuce or blue cheese on it.  This would be a reasonable request in any respectable establishment. When she goes in to get things sorted out, he comes out of the kitchen and rips her a new one, busts out his Burger King line and throws her new sandwich on the bar, then storms back into the kitchen.  She comes back in tears because the guy decided to treat a paying customer like this.  Nice right? You know what buddy you're right, this isn't Burger King, but it certainly isn't some high caliber restaurant that can afford to be treating customers like this.  If you don't want a big lunch order from my business to come in there once or maybe twice a month then your wish has been granted.  We're done with your attitude and your place of business.  Oh also who doesn't take credit cards these days?  It's the year 2012, most people are not using actual cash anymore.   In closing, this place would be decent if it didn't come with an owner with a humungous attitude problem.  As a direct result of his actions I will never spend another cent in his establishment again.
This restaurant came recommended by a local, so we decided to try it out.  For starters, they do not have their own parking lot, so you need to find street parking.  The restaurant itself is fairly large, with a good selection of seating.  Menu is basic, burgers, wings, and a good selection of sandwiches which of course includes plenty of options with corned beef. Burgers do not come with any sides, so my daughter ordered fries.  You get a large bowl of fries, enough for three of us at the table.  The wings were crispy, and one order comes with at least 15 or more wings.  Medium was great, but still burned the lips some. Two minor cautions for this place - first, they don't give free drink refills.  Seriously?  In this day and age?  And on that note, they also do not take credit cards - cash only.  For locals that might not be a big deal but for vacationers it makes a difference.  A burger,  fries, wings, and a sandwich with three pepsi's ran $36 before tip. Overall I thought it was a good dinner, but dinged them a star for no refills and no credit.
Having grown up in the area, there is NEVER a visit back home that doesn't include wings. After all, the restaurants a mere 2.5 hours from where the chicken wing had it's birth - Buffalo, NY. Anyway, I digress...on my most recent upstate venture, I found myself satisfying my wing craving at Bernie's. It was after 8pm, so the restaurant was quiet, though the bar was seeing some lively activity. My four-year niece was dining at my table, and our waitress couldn't have been any kinder or more attentive to her - how you deal with kids ranks high in my book. There was a flurry of orders around the table, but I settled on their wings - one order is $7.99 and comes in mild, medium or hot. I got the medium b/c i want to enjoy my food, not have my tongue burned off. When the bowl of wings came, I almost fell over...there had to be at least 15-20 wings in there...I came nowhere near finishing them! They were delicious and served with a nice helping of bleu cheese and celery...just the way it was when they were invented at the Hangar bar. Whether it's Bernie Murray's or not, make sure you get wings in upstate. Other great locales in Elmira area are the Elbow Room and Legends Bar. Finger licking tastiness!
I've been going to Bernie Murry's for over 25 years, however it is always because someone else in the group wants to go there.   If I was grading based on the food alone I'd go 4 or 5 stars, but it's not always about the food.   The service is terrible and the beer selection equally bad.   You will wait, and wait and wait on many many nights.   They are always understaffed.   I can't tell you how many nights I've been there just hoping for a refill on the beer that seldom comes before the food is finally served.     Because of the slow service, I'm not sure how anyone can consider this a kid friendly restaurant.    Wait until their bigger. An Irish pub and all you have on tap is Mich and Mich light, that was the case for years, they may be up to a third variety on tap Amber Bock.    The bottled selection is not much better. If you're not in a hurry and don't care about service or a good selection of beer then you can't go wrong, the food is delicious.
We were visiting family and looking for something not pizza. Stopped and asked a Guy at a gas station and he sent us here. And omg the food was very good, sandwiches say over stuffed and actually are and the portions in general are over sized. Staff was friendly and the place has character. It however is a little pricey. We will be back even so.
The food is exactly what you would expect to get. There are no signature dishes or anything they have you couldn't get somewhere else. The service and bar tending is very unwelcoming. They offer no conversation and never seem to smile. The atmosphere is dim and boring. The one good thing is they give you way too much food for the price.
Having grown up about 45 min south of Elmira in PA we made a lot of trips to the mall in Elmira. Many of these trips included stops at Bernie Murrays to eat or pick up wings to bring home. Though I'm not sure, I believe the first chicken wing's I ever had were from here. Recently, after spending the day wine tasting, we stopped in for dinner. While the restaurant was kinda quiet for a saturday night around dinner time, the food was great. The burgers and sandwiches we ordered were all well prepared. I was also very happy to find out the wings were still as good as I remembered them having not had them for several years.
Good chicken wings, what they are known for -- nothing else. I've lived a few blocks from the place and never got anything else from there.
I'm sorry to say, but not good at all. Potato skins were decent, but come on a potato covered in cheese and bacon is always good.  The saddest salads I've ever seen, with kind gray chicken on it.  Plus the bar is poorly stocked - bartender didn't know how to make a tom collins (what?) and they didn't have any sour mix.  Our bill came to an embarrassingly high amount considering it was a couple bad salads and some drinks.  The very high bill was because we apparently ordered top shelf drinks. I do not find it fair to pay $10-15 for a poorly made margarita just because they're not using rail tequila.  No thank you.
Good pizza
