First I will say they just redid the decor and updated the outside of the restaurant and it looks really nice.  Everything was very clean including the bathrooms.   Food We had a couple of appetizers the pot stickers and the fried green beans. Both were good nothing amazing but not bad at all I ordered the jack daniels ribs and chicken for 18 bucks which came with two sides.  The ribs were small but better than most chain places.  I am a big fan of the Jack Daniels menu in general the sauces are very good.  All in all if you are going to a chain this is one of the better steak houses in my opinion.
I can say great just about everything in this restaurant, starting from very courteous and personal approach to the great tasting freshly made food with very low and hardly beatable prices and specials for franchised restaurants. Among all franchised restaurants I think Friday's is the best in U.S.
The service here is really subpar. Our server got in a fight with a hostess in front of us and then made excuses all night for how bad our food was, then charged us extra on our tab! Thankfully management was kind enough to straighten out the situation.  We were just passing through,  but still,  this service was unacceptable.
New remodel is nice. Very open inside. Last time I wrote review I said potato skins had too much potato. They said skins would be fixed soon. Well, they are fixed. Not great but not bad. Kinda seem deep fried?? Salty!! Bacon seems fake lol
Baby back ribs stuck to the bone. Flavor was good, but ribs should fall off the bone.
We've had some pretty good luck with this Friday's.  There's rarely a wait and the food comes out quickly.  We've had the same waitress the couple of times that we've been there and she is EXCELLENT.
Good service. Hummus was good, but had a little too much lemon.
I always have a good experience here. The food is fresh and tasty, and the servers are nice.
Prices keep going up and portions keep going down. Lots of gimmicks and coupons. Service can be slow. When they get something on the menu on their "2 for" or "3 for" the next time you come in its been removed and replaced with a cheaper item. Last few times we went we had cold food, tough steaks, and a soggy flat bread that was burnt. The bread in my onion soup was so hard I couldn't get a knife through it. If you're looking for a place to eat on Mothers day with no line..this id it.
service is good..food is terrible..processed food...shouldn't expect much from a franchise
