Tried Ashker's for lunch with a group of 6. I ordered the basil rejuvenator juice, which was tasty. It would've been good over ice or if the ingredients were cold; unfortunately, it was lukewarm. I also had the veggie egg white omelet. Surprised to see that they included cucumber slices (skin on) in the omelet. I didn't care for this, since I don't think cucumbers pair well with eggs. Otherwise it was healthy tasting, which is what I wanted. The food took a really long time because they brought out the food one plate at a time. This made the group lunch kind of awkward since some were eating and others were not. There seemed to be only one person making the food, so it might've just been a fluke for the day.
Ashker's has been on our list of places to try for some time now. We ordered the 'Tropical Twist' and the 'Pina Colada'. Both were very good. We can't complain about the smoothies, but the overall experience was strange. We approached the counter for two smoothies to go. We assumed that this was the right move since there was a line in front of the register. But there was no menu on the wall and no paper menus on display. Eventually, a customer passed back to me an old crinkly menu that was making the rounds. We didn't order food but might have had we seen the menu earlier. The place itself was fine. It seemed more like a bohemian coffee shop for college students than a 'bistro/gallery' (as they market themselves). There was nothing refined about the space, which is okay with me. I just wouldn't think of it as a 'bistro'. Finally, Ashker's could make better use of the display case. It contained an array of spotty ripe bananas and oranges. Why not display some of your baked goods or breakfast sandwiches? We will certainly be back for the smoothies! We will review again after we sample the food.
Running late on our road tour, we phoned our order ahead and ate on the road.  We were handled quickly and professionally.  Thanks, guys! The food was a mixed bag.  The fresh ingredients made for tasty bites, but the sandwiches weren't constructed well, slipping and smearing as we bit into them.  My wife's berry smoothie was delicious; my "heart beet" was a bit too thick with beet pulp and short on pineapple, but I'd mark that up as "not my thing" rather than a bad choice.  I feel a second visit would make for a more reliable review. You pay premium prices for those premium ingredients: sandwich and smoothie for 2 was nearly $30.  Whether that constitutes value for money depends on how cheap you are and how enthusiastic you are for fresh & healthful.
Ashker's has really good food and a delicious iced chai latte.
I have been there twice now. Once for breakfast and once for dinner. Smoothies were great as was the omelette and salad I had. I will definitely be going back, not a single complaint and the price was on point.
So yummy! Ordered chicken panini's and they were spectacular! Fresh, quality ingredients - you can absolutely taste the difference. Comes with a nice side salad and is very reasonably priced. Also enjoyed their flavored infused water. Definitely a nice, unusual touch. Found parking right out front, which was also great. Bathroom was clean. Service was prompt, staff friendly.
Ashker's Juice Bar and Cafe is my latest sign that Buffalo loves me and wants me to be happy. One of these days I'll make a Venn Diagram of all the juice bars, sandwich shops and cafes in Elmwood Village, and when I do Ashker's will be sitting smack dab in the middle. Can one little restaurant get everything right, or are they a jack of all trades and a master of none? I think they come pretty close. When presented with the option of coffee versus just about any other drink, I'll take the java every time, so this review is from the caffeine-addict's perspective. That being said, their juice combinations are appealing and a little cheaper than their most obvious competitor in this market, O3. The drip coffee here is fantastic, and yesterday (05NOV2012) I overheard that they're calibrating a new espresso machine so we have that to look forward to. The "house blend," is an organic, fair trade Mexican roast that is currently my favorite coffee on Elmwood ave. They regularly have a flavored variety called Jamaican-me-Crazy, a Dark Roast and even a Decaf (he said derisively). What's more, when you drink-in you're getting a mug to refill at your pleasure: cafes that allow this deserve a medal. I love the coffee at Spot, but I'm done with my medium before I've finished two chapters of Gone Girl. Drinking/eating-in is what you'll want to be doing for sure. This is one of the most unique cafe spaces I've encountered in Buffalo. The first room is full of a variety of traditionally sized tables, a little faux-erplace and just feels clean, new and comfortable. The second room is filled with musical instruments and big dining-room style tables. I always feel like a guest at some wealthy relative's house (Uncle Ashker?). The set-up, and the groups that come and go in the back conference room (a third room) encourage an atmosphere that's a mix between the traditional keep-to-yourself coffeehouse and a more congenial bar. The one downside is that I've been run off by an overenthusiastic drum circle. The food is one of the best quick options I've seen for low-carb/slow-carb diet folks like myself. The side dishes I've had so far have included a three-bean salad and a citrus-garnished garden salad: both delicious. For the wraps I've had the chicken caesar and the roasted turkey. While all the food exhibits a knack for flavor combinations and healthful ingredient-choices, my advice for now would be to stick with protein that was not cooked in-house. My roasted turkey wrap with the deli-style turkey was fantastic, but the chicken in the caesar wrap was not cooked and divvied up most effectively. The latter was also leaning too heavily on the strength of winter tomatoes (which are wimpy on the best of days). The sandwich-side combo is priced commensurately with some other EV locations like Spot Coffee, but seem about a dollar overpriced compared to equivalent food from a place like Globe Market. The breakfast is very reasonably priced and the portions (at least for the breakfast sandwiches) are indeed generous. I look forward to exploring Ashker's menu further and attending one of the themed dinner events they've been hosting.
Ambiance - This place is really cute and has an eclectic meets classy vibe I really liked. Comfortable areas to chill, swank cafe-style tables & chairs, and even a large piano, all shared the space. I love this patio - it was very comfortable and I liked how simple yet classy it was. Great people watching, of course, but I have to say (take this as you will) I was struck by how Urban Outfitters this area is versus how artsy and fun it was when I was in college a decade ago. It seems alternative culture has just morphed into hipster culture, which fancies itself alternative but is really super predictable. I was actually getting stared at for my dyed hair and funky clothes, something that people wouldn't have batted an eyelash over a few years back. I guess I don't look the part for this neighborhood anymore *shrug* The service was hard to gauge - the server seemed rude at first and the food took forever to come out. However we learned they were severely understaffed and very busy (multiple takeout orders and walk in after walk in with only two people working), and the person who had seemed short and snobby when we ordered was very friendly and apologetic when they brought out our food. I've read their service here is usually very good so we'll see  so I'll chock this up to being flustered, as I've done my time in food service. Food - I had zero complaints with the fare. My "zinger" smoothy - carrot, orange, lemon, ginger and various other yummy ingredients - was amazingly rich and had a depth of flavor smoothies usually lack. No processed, over-sweetened taste, just fresh fresh fresh. It had such a refreshing mouthfeel I didn't even ask for water with my food. The price wasn't bad at under $4 for a very sizable glass. My zucchini and roasted red pepper Panini (also sporting mushrooms and several other veggies in a tasty marinade) featured a delectable, soft and hearty panini, not those thin, rock hard slices many places serve. The stuffing was well-cooked yet still crisp and the flavors of the marinage and cheese were complimentary rather than overpowering. The real star of the show was the amazing dressing on the side salad. All the portions were quite reasonable for the price ($9ish) and it was actually a challenge for me to finish it. Had I eaten lunch I would have had half to take home.
Great healthy fairly priced food, smoothies, juices and coffee. This place rules. It's less pretentious than most other cafes in town. Large menu for a small place. I've loved every thing I've ordered from Ashker's.
The food is good an the staff is friendly but the wait time for any thing takes so long. I lived only 3 houses away so I did go there a lot and each time with an open mind. But getting a cup for a coffee would take 10 minutes (keep in mind it's self serve) And I would never order food there unless I had an hour to spare. 50 percent I the time it would come up in 20 minutes but there were multiple times they forgot my order completely and because I'm not rude or pushy waited up to an hour and a half for my food. I feel it has a lot of potential but the customer service is so unorganized. Another thing is that they wouldn't even be open even though on the door they said they would. Very annoying. I eventually just gave up and started going to Cafe Aroma across the street.
The food is good. Healthy. Tasty. Just don't get a latte/cappuccino. For whatever reason, they make a tall glass of hot milk. I wish they'd learn to make a good latte. I'd make it my regular morning stop.
Love this place! The juice here is amazing and the prices are appropriate. The food is also delish. All around good atmosphere and best raw juice around!
This is an outstanding addition to the neighborhood. I always thought Ashker's was a klunky name, but I finally ventured in, and the food and service were outstanding.
Best Smoothies in the city of Buffalo. Fresh Fresh Fresh! Food is pretty damn good too. And the staff is very nice and helpful!
They have awesome chocolate chip coconut scones and smoothies. Every time I have a smoothie at Askers I feel like I have a lot more energy. There is several servings of fruit in each one. Great place to go if you need mood boost. The Cafe is relaxing and inviting.
My wife and I love their veggie options. The black bean wrap without cheese was delicious. Their bread is amazing. Their portions are the perfect size. The food is original. They're super friendly and very reasonably priced.
I've lived in the area for two years and I can't believe I've never been to this place until now. I had a random Friday off from work and it was the perfect day to be outside so I took a stroll down Elmwood and decided to try the place out for breakfast. I ordered the egg white omelet with grilled vegetables and a coffee and it was amazing. Perfect place for a breakfast outside in the sun!
Delicious juice and smoothies priced very appropriately! Service is always great, but it does take some time, so there is usually a tad bit of a wait, but always totally worth it!
Came in, chilly & overwhelmed with a menu I hadn't met before. The fella at the counter gave me awesome recommendation of hot chocolate and a breakfast sandwich. He was super nice and spot on with the suggestions. I paid like $7 for a classy tasty breakfast (Ghirardelli hot chocolate! Two kinds of cheese!) and will be back for sure.
Reasonably priced juice. The food is good, but nothing really stands out on the menu. Friendly people, good vibe. I like that they're always holding an array of events/meetings/shows- keep doing that! The decor could use a little work- it's like cliche diner furnishing meets your grandma's living room, and not in a good way.
There's something about being in Ashker's that just makes me happy. The juices are terrific (love the Zinger) and food is high quality and well -prepared. Excellent staff too!
Had a really good lunch here. Grilled Chicken and mushroom panini and a raspberry smoothie with yogurt. Amazing! Very friendly service too. We'll be back!
Awesome!  The best juices and smoothies in town!  It is like a loving family and no one is ever not happy to see you!  The food is organic and awesome.  Salads are soooo good!!  Love trying all their different smoothies.  Even late night decalf is delicious and I do not DO decalf usually, except at this place late night!  Even helped me decide which blender machine I needed to buy for myself!  Takes a personal interest in each person!  Love it!!  No place like it!!  Love Sarah and Angelo!!  My new found friends and family.  Makes my day happy just to go there!
Black Bean wrap is fantastic!!
Love Ashkers. Love the food. Love the juices. Love the friendly service I get every time I go in. Also love the local artist print I bought from there. Five "loves" = 5 stars!
Great food, great location, great prices! Menu is pretty large for a small cafe.  Tons of fruit and veggie smoothies, breakfast, lunch, and dinner items.  Staff is friendly and attentive.
One of my favorite spots in Buffalo.  Cool artsy parlor decor, nice meal presentation, fresh tasting food, and great healthy juice/smoothie selections. Everything I've had here has been thoroughly outstanding! My favorite juices:  good beginning, ruby bliss. My favorite smoothies: peach passion, heart beet, morning cooler.  Oh and the lemonade is pretty good too. For breakfast I usually go for the peach and berry belgian waffle, or the breakfast biscuit with a side of grilled home fries.  A great start to the day for $5!   For lunch I usually go for the albacore tuna panini served with a fresh side of the day. Amazingly fresh tuna and veggies in this grilled panini....I actually think about this sandwich in my spare time...yeah it's that good! Next door is a an art studio/lounge/conference room in the back; and sometimes it's in use for various events and gatherings.  Actually had breakfast one late morning and got to watch beautiful models in a fashion event strut their stuff in the next room....Sweet!
Stopped in last night after dinner for a liquid dessert. Had a Sweet Zinger" smoothie made of carrot, orange, ginger, lemon, peach, and mango which was not only very good but very refreshing. The staff were all very friendly and the place itself seems very comfortable. As Arnold would say.. "I'll be back"
After reading the reviews, I dedcided I needed to give this place a try. I had a chicken panini. It was awsome! there was a small salad on the side that was the perfect size and with a nice mix of veggies. My husband had a chicken salad which he enjoyed. We both had smoothies that were tasty. The only dislikes are 1.  The menu - one paper menu for all to share is a little odd. I'm hoping that is a temporay situation 2.  I would have preferred a smoothie made with coconut water, almond milk, or rice milk as all have a lower glycemic index, however, the apple juice they use in the smoothie did taste fine. I will definitely be back!
I have nothing bad to say about this place. I've been here a few times now and find myself thinking about it on a regular basis when it comes time to pick a lunch spot.  Always a good thing.  Prices are what you would expect for fresh fruit turned into liquid.  Great smoothies and great service thus far.  The food is fresh, simple and light.   Although you can go many places for a wrap these wraps kind of stand out in my mind.  Maybe it's the little fresh side salads they include with the wraps.  Either way it's a great, fast and refreshing meal when on the run.  The juices and smoothies leave you feeling energized.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for what I just described.
Great food, atomosphere and service. Very friendly staff. Tried a bit of everything on the menu from breakfast to lunch and a smoothie.  Everything was fresh and delicious. If you want something different from the usual greasy breakfast, this is it. Zero complaints.
Food is always fresh! Finding a fresh salad in this town is harder than it should be so thank goodness for Ashkers! Juices are really yummy and pretty affordable. The owners are so nice as are all the staff, no exceptions. I work there a lot, loitering with my one drink or meal, all day. Never a problem. And free wifi. Reason for 4 starts, prices on food items are a bit high, and a need for more comfortable non-table seating.
This was my first experience at juice bar in Buffalo. I absolutely loved it. We had French toast, eggs with bacon; veggie and cheese sandwich and two juices.  Everything is beautifully presented and delicious.  There was a slight delay while waiting for the grill to warm but well worth the wait. Seating is very open and welcoming, the artwork gives something to admire while waiting.  Next time I'm in Buffalo this is a must stop in location. If you haven't been there check it out!!
This is not your average juice bar. Everything I have ever had is delicious. The juice drinks are amazing, the smoothies are amazing, and their food items are amazing. I go with my sister at least twice a week. Prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is friendly and excellent quality. Some of my favorites to get there is the pancakes with a side of home fries and coffee for breakfast. Or the tomato basil grilled cheese, is delicious. Everything is fresh and the best part of the juices and smoothies, is as they are making them you can see what they are putting in it. There is no added ingredients, just fruit, veggies, and your choice of with or without yogurt and with or with out wheat grass. The owner is very nice and makes sure that you are been taken care of with the best quality. Like I said, I go there a few times a week, and it doesn't break the bank. Highly recommended.
Great place for hanging out -clean, cozy, and comfortable.
Ashker's is a fairly new cafe/restaurant tucked away on Elmwood Ave. After reading favorable reviews, I stopped in for breakfast. The space is clean, comfortable, and well lit, although it could be a bit cozier.  As a diehard breakfast fan, I was excited to read their various options and learn that they serve my favorite meal all day! I ordered a delicious breakfast rap that featured spicy jack cheese, fresh tomatoes, spinach, and bacon. It was absolutely delicious, and incredibly fresh-tasting, not to mention $4.50! I also enjoyed a delicious beet, apple, and ginger juice that was refreshing and balanced.  I will absolutely return to try out some of their other menu items. This place is awesome, the staff is very friendly, and the prices are very reasonable. O3 cafe down the way has similar offerings, but for double the price. For the price and quality,  Ashker's offerings can't be beat.
My boyfriend and I are regulars of Ashker's for their good, healthy smoothies and vegetable juices, as well as their delicious, fresh food.  However, why they don't get their act together and actually utilize their little system of asking your name and putting a description of what you're wearing on the receipts to actually reference when they are bringing your order to where you are sitting is beyond me.  Twice I have had to wait or ask where my order was because they give what I ordered to somebody else and it never gets to me!  Today, I had to wait for a salad for more than half an hour because I simply never received it;  if I hadn't asked after about 20 mins, I would have had to wait longer.  They always give my order to somebody else, and people always say that they ordered what I ordered, even when they probably ordered something else!  I should have gotten my salad for free.  Come on, Ashker's, it's not rocket science!  Get your act together!
the KALE cocktail is not a lovely green KALE drink as one might expect but rather a carrot juice with seemingly trace amounts of kale. otherwise it was great
They don't serve alcohol, but the food is great. I've had breakfast and dinner here and the food presentation is always pleasing. The waffles are perfect and the steak wrap was delicious. $3.99 for fresh pressed juice is a good deal too. I prefer the carrot drinks. They even have kail drinks for all of you kail lovers. The best part is that they host tango classes on Tuesday night. It's a lot of fun and the crowd is great. Check it out sometime.
Great place and well priced. Really tasty and all fresh made. Wish we we had one in pa. Recommended
About their Meadow Cafe located in Delaware Park. After a run we stopped here for a smoothie and a cold Johnny Ryan pop. My gf mentioned that combining the two would be amazing. After we ordered our drinks and sandwich, the nice guys working brought us out a brand new never before tested Johnny Ryan and peach smoothie for free. Everything was great and the service couldn't have been better.  Recommended!
This is such a great place. The staff is pretty personable & the kitchen seems pretty efficient. I got a chicken wrap which i wont over intellectualize. It was delicious and well prepared. I got a zinger as my juice choice as recommended by the cashier. Everything went smoothly. There was nothing to really complain about. The seating can become a little limited depending on traffic but thats not a huge hang up for me as a very gay, anti-social and childless male. I just find somewhere to plop my butt down & call it a day. Definitely worth a visit whether you're interested in juice or healthy lunch alternatives.
I tried Ashkers for the first time this morning because I was searching for something other than coffee. An added plus is that they are within walking distance from my job! I chose the ruby bliss juice which was so delicious I even forgot there was beets in it! It is a little pricey, my juice was $4.30 with tax, but was well worth the money. I can't wait to go back and try a different flavor.
After a large lunch at ETS, I was feeling crappy and needed something that I thought would settle my stomach. I settled with Ashkers. I have never been here before and haven't really had a spinach juice experience. I settled with (no clue what the name is... I want to say Green Machine...) that had spinach, cucumber, celery, and apple. It was surprisingly delicious!! I was worried I wouldn't like it or it would be too healthy tasting for my good. But it was great! I will definitely come back and try more options!
Mango & blueberry waffle was on point, the batter was delicious and unlike a previous reviewer I didn't find anything weird about the mangoes.  I also got a seasonal green juice (spinach, kale, pineapple, apple) which was likewise tasty.  The juices come in nice resealable Ball mason jars which you can return for a $1 gift card or hoard forever because you're moving away in less than two weeks and now you can do that artsy thing with fruit and water, gosh darn it. Friendly, quick service, well-kept indoor and outdoor dining, extensive menu.  A+.
This place reminded me of a raw restaurant in my city...with kick ass smoothies/juices!  However, Ashker's does not specialise in raw but all day breakfast, sandwiches, wraps, & salads as well as smoothies/juices. Zinger - Good, refreshing, could use a bit more 'zing' in the way of ginger. Waffles - Really good too.  Loved the batter they used.  Only thing that was a bit 'off' were the chunks of mango that had a very fishy taste to them. Staff were quite friendly and nice. BONUS:  Free fruit/herb/veg infused water which was a nice touch!
The Upbeet juice was delicious and I am NOT normally a juice fan, much less a beet fan. The Roasted Dijon Turkey sandwich was good. The Garden Vegetable sandwich was heaven! Staff was very friendly.
Reasonable prices, delicious food, all combined with friendly and energetic staff make Ashker's a designation for visitors, and a staple for Buffalo residents. I was very impressed with the food quality and serving time, as well as the wide variety of offerings including smoothies, breakfast sandwiches, and lunch specials. For healthy eating, you cannot beat the price of Ashker's! Truly a good value.
This is a hipster place no doubt, and I don't fit that demographic on many levels.  However I have been here a number of times for coffee, always in the morning.  Even though I'm not the target audience, and usually with others also not their targets, we have enjoyed our times there.  The service has been super polite and pleasant.   The seating options are great, in the morning the noise levels are fine and the coffee is good.  Ive not yet been with anyone who tried more than a coffee, so cant comment on the food, other than to say it looks good when I see it being passed around. I like that they bring the coffees to us and don't "yell a name" etc.  I don't know if that's how it operates all day, but in the am for us it has.   Im happy to come back here, and one day look forward to eating something.   Parking here has been easy so far, but of course street parking is always hit or miss.
This place is awesome and is by far not a one star establishment. The Kongo drums had put me in a unhappy place. The food bomb. Like kaboom in your bedroom ! And the smoothies/juice, id kiss a moose! Prices are fair and there's plenty to share. Now go there I dare
Love love love the food , the ambience. The employees are all so nice. Delicious food. Zinger is so good!
This place is named after a Shania Twain lyric. "If you wanna touch her, Ashker." Well I've been "Ashking her" if I could touch her on a regular basis ever since I heard that song and all I ever get is slaps (to both cheeks) (if I was getting slaps just to one cheek then I could handle it) (but seriously, both? give me a break) (if you think this use of parentheses is bad, wait til you see my review of Five Points Bakery). I wanted to love this place, and I LOVE fruit drinks, but I am not a fan of smoothies. So I wasn't too confident. I got their home made Lemonade, and their Berry Pineapple Peach (I think) smoothie, which they assured me had no yogurt or milk in it unless I asked for it (which I like totally never would yo). So originally I wasn't that impressed, the lemonade was just okay (I'm spoiled by Miller's Twist in Reading Terminal Market in Philly), and the smoothie was good but not great, so I was going to give them a 3. But when I got home and was really thirsty later in the day, I had another try of the rest of my smoothie, and it tasted better than I remembered... so I ended up scooping every drop out of the cup with my fingers and gulping it down. So for that embarrassing factoid alone, I will take your 3/5 and raise you to a 4/5, going once, going twice, sold for 4/5 to the Ashker's on the Elmwood Strip. And before you start asking "what are you, a Sotheby's employee", I am done and dusted like a steak at an Outback that is still under construction. I don't know if I'll ever stop by and have more smoothies here, let me just say that they use Apple Juice in them which gives them a certain taste, it's good, but it's not my favourite. Then again when you're used to the Cholado Prontito from Jugos Prontitos in Queens, NY, it's very hard for any other fruit drink in the world to compare. For a better fruit drink close by, pop into West Side Bazaar on Grant St, go to the South Sudanese Soul Food window, and order a fruit drink from there. They are similarly $3 but ten times as good (and without all the unnatural sugar of the Apple Juice).
Solid execution - great food at low prices. The only things that I would change would be : #1 on weekends: More than one register/iPad. The wait can be a bit long to order. A little more effort: recently, I arrived at the counter at 5:00pm and was told that they just closed... At 5:01pm, going the extra mile (yard?) would have been a plus. I drove 12 minutes to and 12 minutes back... for nothing. You're killin me smalls. Ultimately my fault for not arriving by 4:59pm, but going above and beyond would have been greatly appreciated.
Excellent! We got the hummus platter, a breakfast scramble, and a Mediterranean wrap with an iced tea and cherry berry banana smoothie. So great as always
My son and went here three days in a row while visiting buffalo.  We loved the food and smoothies. The staff was very friendly. The food was priced well and the portions were perfect. The pancakes were fluffy and huge. The waffles were amazing as well. Overall a really nice place to have breakfast. The one improvement they could make is get some better coffee. It is not horrible. But I would rather a good dark roast than Jamaican me crazy!!
Very good food and nice outdoor seating. I got a homemade lemonade with my meal, and it was pretty sour. I added some Splenda, and it was way better. Just need to work on that...unless I got a bad batch. Overall, good atmosphere and good food!
Not your typical WNY juice bar. This place is incredible with all fresh items. Very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful. My only complaint is that these should be on every corner! We do take a lot of juice home in larger quantities. Always new items on the menu. Highly recommend.
I discovered Ashker's Juice Bar and Cafe yesterday when I got out of class early, didn't have to go into work, but had a backpack full of school work to tackle. I had heard amazing things about Ashker's from a variety of people and yes, I can confirm: this place is fabulous! Arriving just before noon, I ordered the Roasted Turkey, Apple, and Walnut salad and Good Beginning juice. My brother was apparently in stalker mode and happened to be in the area to see my "Yelp check in." He ended up meeting me for lunch and he got the Chicken Quesadilla. Both were excellent. Fresh ingredients, reasonably priced, awesome customer service. My brother returned to work while I stayed to try to get some of this schoolwork done after chugging a "Jamaican me Crazy" coffee. I felt comfortable staying for a while since Ashker's has such a welcoming feel to it. My friend met me at Ashker's after she got out of work to do work together. I don't remember what she got but she seemed to really enjoy Ashker's as well (it was also her first visit to Ashker's). I ended up getting the Sunrise Quesadilla and Strawberry/Banana smoothie with yogurt before I left... Breakfast is served all day!   I should also mention the reliable wifi, reasonable prices, friendly customers and staff, free (awesome) water, and cozy atmosphere. I will be back at Ashker's this weekend, guaranteed, and I look forward to checking out the other two Ashker's locations in WNY.
I have been nothing but impressed with Ashker's. I love how cheap the food is, while tasting so fresh and flavorful! Their juices are so good (my fave is the ruby bliss) and the breakfasts so filling yet reasonable in cost! My favorite is the breakfast scramble - containing yummy veggies and with a super good multigrain toast! Their lunch salads are huge and very filling and their paninis are good too! You basically can't go wrong! Staff are awesome and happy, and you can experience some live music as well! Always love coming here for brunch :-)
This is my FAVORITE place in the area. Everything had for breakfast and lunch on several occasions were great. Really loved the staff and infused water, too.
The menu looks great and I will certainly be back to try some grub. On my first visit here I had the strawberry-banana smoothie. It was tasty and fresh. Great decor and laid-back vibe.
This is one of my favorite places to stop on Elmwood in the Summer, when I am either going for a walk, want to have a relaxing lunch, or just meeting a group of friends out for the afternoon. Ashker's has taken the smoothie and juices experience to the next level in Buffalo. This place is busy but never feels to crowded and has enough seating space, inside and outside. I have always had great service,a great atmosphere, and great food/drinks when I go to Ashker's. I have had many of their items on the menu but my favorite drink to get is a fusion smoothie called Berry Booster which contains; blueberry, ginger, raspberry, spinach, and strawberry. This Berry Booster is TASTY, along with just about every other drink selection they have. They have really gotten their drinks down to a science where the drinks consistently taste the same and know what to expect if you have had that drink before, unlike many other smoothie places where it may vary depending on who is working. Food at Ashker's is always on spot, just like their drinks. Like their drink selections I have had many of their food dishes. My favorite Summer items would be there salad's. The salads at Ashker's are like their drinks they stay consistent and are always fresh, my to go to salad would probably be their Greek Grilled Chicken. It is light on the belly but hits the spot for lunch on an afternoon out and about walking Elmwood. Greek Grilled Chicken has; tomato, cucumber, onion, olives, banana peppers, feta, grilled chicken,  greek dressing, with mixed greens. Highly recommend this place for lunch if you have never been and are on Elmwood for the afternoon.
Felt it necessary to update my review now that I've spent a significant amount of time here and have tried many menu items. So, Ashkers is the place I go to when I just want to hang, people watch and get some work done. OH, and get some fresh juice, healthy eats or some coffee that is literally off the chain. Do people even say that anymore?  Well, it is, off the chain. What I love most about the staff here besides their overly friendly demeanor and informative advice on what to order, is that they have no problem letting you come and sit for hours. You don't HAVE to order food in order to stay here for a while and get work done.  Just grab a coffee and a seat and you're good to go. The kale cocktail is what I've been going with lately.  It's fresh and tasty.  Ruby Bliss and Zinger are my other go to's, always hit the spot.  You've gotta love the mason jars, adorable.  The food is great.  Recently I've tried the breakfast panini, great choice for the early hours, the grilled veggie egg white omelette is a good choice too.  The smoothies are awesome.  You can order one right from the menu or make your own.  They add apple juice to the smoothies but will gladly leave it out upon request.  The coffee here is unbelievably delicious.  Seriously top 3 best cups of coffee I have ever had.  They change their flavored selections regularly and also serve almond milk. Their bathroom is always clean and reminds me of a bathroom in a home, it's cozy, weird I know.  Always a positive experience here.
Absolutely love this place. Awesome fresh and healthy food for decent prices. And delicious yummy juice. The only thing that stopped me from giving this a 5 star rating were the crazy drummers that gave me a headache. Love this place. Id recommend it.
One of the most comfortable, friendly places to hang out in the Elmwood Village. I love the menu here, which offers a great selection of juices, sandwiches, and other small food items with an emphasis on fresh ingredients. Lots of VEGETARIAN items to choose from! (Tip: Be sure to look at the paper menu; only a small fraction of the offerings are listed on the boards above the registers!) My only complaint (and this is what knocks it down from 5 stars to 4 for me) is the loud music in the evenings. I am a HUGE fan of live music (my husband is a musician), but the drum-intensive ensembles are just too much for this space. Even at the far end of the adjacent room, conversation immediately becomes impossible. An acoustic guitarist or duo would be so lovely instead!
I'm so happy Ashker's is here in buffalo. Love their wraps and smoothies and salads. Service is friendly and super nice. I also had a mocha laté custome made on a rainy day. It was awesome. I'll be there all summer. :)
41/2 Stars. I ate there Sunday, March 9, 2014 around 1pm and it very busy which was an accurate indicator the food was terrific. It was. I only ha few suggestions: 1: Move the Vitamix to the back..it is loud and the gentleman taking my order did not hear me well. 2: Learn what Gluten Allergy/ Celiac  is. My wife ordered gluten free and while they did their best to not add some ingredients,  she still got toast on the side of her salad and could not eat anything the toast touched. 3: A few more places or chairs on hand. It was crowded and we sat on a couch and ledge. Other than that, I really did enjoy my time. Thank You!
Excellent juices- mine had the name Elvis in it - was awesome.  My friend finished hers before the breakfast came out. They have a weirdness about the scones- they feature them in the case- but 2 out of 3 times they are not available.  I guess it could be a marketing trick because I have had the scones and they are worth a trip back. Very costly but to some degree certainly worth it.
I love me some Ashkers. Awesome staff, great vibe. Service can be a bit slow , but it's worth the wait.
Love that this place popped up in the neighborhood few summers back.  Great healthy options, delicious smoothies.  A great place also for take out, just call ahead because it takes a while some times to prepare the food.  At first the food took quite a while for the food to come out, but lately it seems like they got down a rhythm, hired more staff and now it's quick service.  Breakfast here was also quite memorable and you don't leave feeling like you ate a brick. I hope they stay in this area and are successful because sandwiches and fries gets old and it's nice to have a great healthy option right down the road.
I was recently in Buffalo with a friend for the weekend, checking out some of the artsy stuff in the area (mainly the Albright Knox Gallery), and stumbled upon this cute little place thanks to Yelp.  I can see why it's so highly rated. The place is adorable. Super cozy and welcoming, with LOTS on the menu!  At first I was a little confused into thinking that what was on the chalkboards (nice touch!) was all they had, but that was just the specials of the day (my bad, it was an early morning).  After much debate as the entire menu sounded amazing, I opted for the Basil Balsamic and Zucchini wrap, with a Green Machine juice.  The woman behind the counter was so jovial and enthusiastic, it really made the experience that much more enjoyable! The food was amazing. The wrap also came with a side salad which was just as delicious.  The meal was filling, but it didn't leave you feeling heavy, which was awesome.  The juice was absolutely delightful, super refreshing and it would be perfect on a summer day.  Alas, it was a dreary, rainy day, but still an amazing addition to the meal! Whenever I get back to Buffalo, I know where I'll be heading.  I'll definitely suggest it to anyone I know that's heading that way!
I love this place! The quality, variety and price of the fresh juice is the best I've ever had! I love the plant based menu and the overall vibe of the restaurant.
Ashker's on Elmwood is an enigma of sorts. It has the exact same menu as the other juice bars in Lewiston, Youngstown (owned by the same family), but that's about the only thing that's the same. What it really is a constantly transforming community space, open to collaboration, home to diversity, kindness and some of the most inexpensive freshly squeezed juices in the US. $4.27 (with tax) for 12oz of goodness? It simply doesn't get any better. My default is the Ruby Bliss beet drink (sometimes requested with an extra splash of ginger), but they are all pretty darn good. For breakfast, my go-to is the breakfast scramble ($4.99) or the breakfast biscuit ($2.99) for a more light option. I enjoy the turkey panini for dinner / lunch, but they also serve breakfast all day long. Their menu is overall pretty healthy and they've started doing more "entree" dinner specials that they run throughout the week. There's also a big sign announcing the soon-to-be organic salad bar. I'm pretty excited for that, especially if it's as affordable as the rest of the menu. Now here's the good and the bad: You never quite know what you're going to find when you come in here. I came in here on a Friday evening because I wanted to chill back after an exhausting work out and was met with brain-pounding drum circle in their adjacent room. It was so loud and crazy, I felt like I was transplanted right in the middle of a hippie fire pit in the midst of San Francisco. I'm not sure who the French African man is who is always there and breaks out in crazy drumming and I haven't quite decided if I like him, but hey --- he's part of the package that is Ashkers on Elmwood. On Saturday mornings they often have jazz-y music playing (which I hear is quite good), but watch out if you're looking to have a nice quiet coffee to collect your thoughts for the day. You really have to be pretty determined to figure out what their schedule is for this sort of stuff (I'm quite certain they just break into drumming, jamming, etc whenever they feel like it) so maybe call ahead if you're planning a study session. The adjacent room also sports a rotating art showing (in fact, the whole place can be seen as one big ongoing art performance) along with tables, couches a MUSIC SCHOOL and a chiropractor's office. That's right. When have you ever seen a juice bar that also encompasses a music school and chiropractic healing? There's also a connected "board room" with a long table, leather chairs and a computer which you can rent FOR FREE for your meetings. Another crazy tip? Apparently, if you show them a parking ticket from the City of Buffalo on the same day you get it...they'll give you a juice on the house. It's these little touches that shows me how much the owners care about making this a great community space. I can only conclude by saying that Ashker's is limitless. There are no definitions or boundaries to it and this is part of its appeal (and there's an apparent rumor that they'll be expanding to another location on Main / Delavan)! Keep it going, folks.
After spending altogether too much time at Cafe Aroma, I started to branch out and look for another spot to "camp" out at. I am so thankful that I found Ashker's! They have, hands-down, the BEST smoothies and veggies juices in the city. There's something for everyone, even those who have a momentary panic attack when they hear the words "Kale Cocktail." Their breakfast is delicious and served all day (give the homefries a chance - they're delicious.) On an ethical level, I love what they do with community space. There's a free-to-use conference room inside the dining area, not to mention a rented-out chiropractor's office and miniature music school. There's also a (*cough* badly-in-need-of-tuning *cough*) piano for anyone to use, plus a small space where local musicians can come to perform. All of this combined with a friendly staff, local art adorning the walls, and a creative, bustling vibe makes this one of my favorite places in Buffalo. I guess the only thing that bumps it down one star for me is the non-breakfast food options. Nothing I had from the rest of the menu left me feeling overly-impressed. It's okay, though: if I LOVED the rest of the food offerings, I might end up kicking out the chiropractor and moving in myself.
I went to Ashker's for the first time today.  I can't believe I've lived down the street for 3 years and never been here.  I knew Ashker's was a juice bar, and because I own a juicer, I never felt I could justify paying money to have juice made for me.  (I was very wrong.)  I ordered the carrot juice and it was delicious - much better than any juice I've ever made for myself.  My roasted turkey salad was amazing, too.  I am thoroughly impressed with the quality of food, drink, and customer service that I experienced and definitely plan to spend a lot of time at Ashker's this summer.
I really liked this place. It's got a health-kick focus without being new-agey and kitschy. A lot of juice bars try hard to play on the California yoga health vibe. This place has its own personality and feels like Buffalo: warm, down-to-earth, artsy and genuine. The breakfast menu is enormous and downright cheap for certain items ($2.99 for pancakes!). The juices range from fruit to vegetable to a combination of the two. If I hadn't been so hungover, I probably would have tried more than two bites of my husband's bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel. Alas, I settled on the kale cocktail, which was crisp and refreshing - perfect for someone in need of a healthy energy boost! Compared to other juice bars, the prices are more than reasonable. The service was also commendable, from the person taking our order, to the food runners, to the bussers. Everyone working there seemed happy and laid-back but simultaneously efficient. If you want a small business model, this is it! I'll definitely be back when I'm in town.
Asker's keeps changing and growing, which is exciting.  But, at its core, it's got a great model of fruit shakes and smoothies that are unique and delicious.  If you're looking for a sugary sweet mess, this is not your place.  Instead, these fruit drinks are made from real fruit and vegetables, meaning they have a more complex flavor and be a little less sweet than you might expect. I recommend any of the smoothies with ginger or beets - they are surprisingly delicious things to combine with fruit and leave you feeling a lot healthier. Also, they host a lot of performances and even a new music school.  Check that out - I know Saturday during the Elmwood Farmer's Market there's live music that will rock your socks off.
Love my smoothie,can't wait to try the other flavors! Will be back!!Very nice staff!!!
A little upgrade, yes I said upgrade,  to my previous hailing.  So I've finally indulged in the food.....Oops, sorry!  I seem to have lost myself in the deliciousness.  Yes, now I can comfortably say that I thoroughly enjoy all aspects of this establishment.  The food, the drinks (also had a mango iced tea this past Saturday, YUM) as well as the atmosphere.  If you haven't yet been, and especially if you venture to the Bidwell market on Saturday mornings religiously as I do, stop in for a bite before or on the go, I promise you'll be happy you did!  And hey, you'll probably bump right into me.  :) Rookie side note:  Make sure you check the specials boards above the register BEFORE you order.
Wow their zinger juice is fresh, tasty and simply amazing. Love how they re-purpose jars for juice. The tuna melt was also fresh and hot. The atmosphere here is great. Sometimes it can get crowded but I was able to get a place to sit in a short amount of time. They also have events going on in the open hall area next door. Enjoyed watching a few local performances while sipping on juice. The only downside is it can get so loud that you can't even hear yourself speak. But definitely worth coming here for the juices!
I am always craving one of their yummy juices! Ashker's is one of my fav spots on Elmwood to just swing by and grab a delicious and healthy meal. I love their breakfast choices like the sandwiches, wraps, etc. I love coming here in the summer because they have a nice patio out front. The staff is always fun and very nice! Go check this place out, you won't be dissapointed.
Ashker's is a wonderful spot right in the heart of the Elmwood village.  They offer a variety of healthy breakfast items and cafe-style choices (salads, sandwiches), but the best part is their selection of juices.  The Basil Rejuvinator (cucumber, lemon, basil, apple) and the Zinger (carrot, apple, lemon, ginger, orange) are two of my favorite.  The prices are very reasonable and the quality is fantastic.   The ambiance is low-key, often seeing students studying, displaying local artwork on the walls, etc.  The service is fast and the staff are friendly and informative.  Highly recommended.
Returned again...and the old hippy drummers were there again. Why does asker think this fits? it is loud, echoing and bad for customers IMO. This time a man, had to be 60, was doing these odd dance moves. A group of college kids sat right next to that noise mess and I am shocked they withstood that crap. Please stop letting these folks play in your juice bar
The juice and scone I got were great but it took over 30 minutes for my juice. I found out later when my receipt was mailed to me that this was because the cashier got my name wrong even though I paid with a card. When I mentioned that I didn't get my juice yet, they tried to give me juice that had been sitting for 30 minutes. When I got the fresh juice it was really great. I was really disappointed in the service but I would go again when it's a little less busy.
On my first visit to Elmwood village we stopped here for lunch. Fresh, delicious and healthy food washed down with a terrific smoothie! I have nothing to complain about and the staff are very friendly. Will definitely return again!
We went to Ashker's on a whim and I must say I was not disappointed at the change of heart. Every day they have different specials on juice and food. I had the Mango Iced Tea, which was on special, and it was truly delicious. It tasted like the juice of a mango, only more refreshing and crisp. For breakfast, I had the bacon, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel option. It normally comes with provolone and pepper jack, but I skipped the provolone. It was a top of the line breakfast sandwich. My boyfriend got a mango and blueberry waffle, which I believe was a special, but it was great as well. My other friend that was with us got the basil, tomato, and feta omelet and he said it was one of the best omelet's he's had in a while. It was presented very nicely. We both also got a side of home fries -- 10 stars -- though the portion could have been a little bigger (though in retrospect, I was so full after that I probably wouldn't have eaten any more.. maybe they should just make the plate smaller). Everything from the artwork on the teal-colored walls to the line of cacti was welcoming. They also have an outdoor patio area which is great for a nice weekend afternoon, right next to Bidwell. They take all their orders on an iPad, allowing for complete customization, then they bring your food and drinks to your table. I plan on returning to Ashker's pretty soon to try their lunch. But until then.. enjoy!
I've been going to Ashker's for more than a year now and it great in all terms experience! Let's start with their fresh squeezed juices. The are perfect  for hot summer days and for long Buffalo winters! If you don't like to drink coffee in the morning, try their Zinger juice it will wake you right up! My favorite is Ruby bliss. You can't even think there is beet  in it and it's blissfully delicious! The next thing I love about this place that they started doing pretty recently - Saturday jazz mornings! Every Saturday around 11am there is a live band playing in Ashker's. It was real pleasure listening to live music while grabbing a cup of joe or working on my computer. Staff is always super friendly too. And if you're a regular it always feels like coming to say hello to your friends.
One of the best brunch experiences to be had in Buffalo!   For just under $10, you can get a delicious, very full breakfast plate with a smoothie.  It isn't even jam packed on the weekends (i.e., Sophia's, Bertha's), so you're way less likely to wait an endless amount of time to get what you came for.
My search for a great juice and smoothie spot is over! I ordered a berry, ginger, and spinach smoothie. I was delighted to seem them using all fresh ingredients. It tasted even better than it looked. I stopped in after a great yoga session and all I wanted was a refreshing drink. This smoothie was so good than I consumed it within 10 minutes. It was that good. They also had a lot of other unique smoothies and juice combinations that not only sounded good for you but sounded quite tasty. I'm definitely going to be back here soon to try more. While I was waiting for my smoothie I was looking over the menu and saw a lot of great sandwiches and salads. Naturally I couldn't sit there and continue to stare at the menu without ordering something. So I ordered the the grilled turkey salad that has feta cheese, nuts, dried fruit and a fantastic vidalia onion dressing. I can't stress enough how fresh everything is here. There are so many delicious and healthy options here. You can leave with a fulfilled appetite and knowing you've done your body good!
This is the place to be in Buffalo! With an attitude of serving community wellness, Ashker's is quickly becoming a hub of the creative class in the Elmwood Village.  Their food is always super fresh, delicious and affordable - everything is less than $10!  And breakfast is served all day for less than $5.  Great selection of diverse items on their menu, including vegetarian dishes, and they are more than happy to customize anything for you.  Besides their food, the juice bar selections have as many creative combination of fruits as you could think of and are served with tons of LOVE! Also, Ashker's is the kind of place where strangers are friends you have not yet met.  There is a constant rotation of local art on the walls, community meetings in the conference room in the back, musicians picking up the house guitar or jamming on the acoustic piano and a feeling of community and connection among its patrons. You do not want to miss this sincere and genuine experience whether you are a permanent Buffalo resident or visiting for a short while from out of town!
Thoroughly impressed with Ashker's - service was superb and food was excellent. I ordered the Grilled Veggie Egg White Omelette with a side of home fries.  My omelette was filled with delicious fresh veggies and had the perfect amount of feta and provolone. The home fries were fresh -- something i have found to be a rarity at other breakfast joints, it seems.  They were also perfectly seasoned. I indulged in several cups of coffee.  I tried both the Jamaican Me Crazy and Maple Walnut blends.  So good!  Did I mention refills are free for dine-in customers? My husband had the Breakfast Wrap.  He loved it!   I'll definitely be back to Ashker's!  Plan to try out lunch later on this week!
First juicing experience. Very enjoyable. Many good options on the menu. Prices are very reasonable.
Ashkers is a great community cafe, juice bar and restaurant on Elmwood ave in Buffalo NY. It's also a great place to do business meetings and to host events or playshops in their side room. Good vibes, great people, perfect location!
This place has a GREAT atmosphere.  It's warm and inviting and very relaxing.  I feel like I could just sit here for hours eating, drinking, and either hanging with friends or enjoying a good book.  There's a great selection of juices and smoothies as well as baked goods, soups, salads, sandwiches, and coffee beverages. Yesterday I enjoyed a terrific smoothie.....the "Sweet Zinger"  made of carrot, orange, ginger, lemon, peach, and mango. The spiciness of the ginger perfectly balanced and complimented the sweetness of the fruits and veggies! I can't wait to come back and enjoy a meal!
I'm super impressed by Ashker's. My friends have been raving about the place for quite a while now, and since my mom was in town, I decided to take her based on the recommendations of my friends. Ahsker's is a very quaint little cafe that appears to specialize in fresher more organic foods including vegetable/fruit smoothies. The atmosphere is very cozy and reminded me a lot of a cafe that you would find out in LA or Portland with fresh flowers on each table and their emphasis on fresh alternative ingredients. I personally had a Mango and blueberry belgian waffle which turned out wonderfully, and my mom had a western omelette which looked very tasty. I also ordered a chai latte, which I was very happy about especially since they used "Oregon Chai." My mom's lemonade was freshly squeezed and according to her, very refreshing. Another great thing is that at the end of the day, the food and drinks are not terribly expensive. I would recommend this place for anyone who wants to have a nice relaxed meeting with someone over a meal/drink or someone who just wants to spend a quiet morning/lunch to themselves.
The staff is amazingly friendly and informative when we asked about a few of the art pieces they have. The food is seriously wildly delicious. I love the heart beet smoothie and recommend it. The prices are what you would expect the ingredients are fresh and healthy, you can't ask for more. We spent $35 (with tip) on 2 paninis and 2 smoothies. That's $15 per person plus the tip, and totally worth it.
I had driven and walked by Ashker's many times without giving it a second look.  Then upon a quick whim one day I decided to stop in. Thank goodness I did!! This has got to be one of my new favorite places in Buffalo.  The food is fresh, the drinks are unique, and the atmosphere is very welcoming. I look forward to trying everything that is on their menu.  So far I have enjoyed a couple of their fruit juice blends, the Ruby Emerald (beets, kale, pineapple, and something else that I quickly forgot), and the I Heart Lemon (lemon, cherries, ginger).  Both were so good it kind of makes me not want to order anything else, in fear I may be disappointed. The Hummus and Veggie Wrap that i had for lunch was filled with a variety of fresh veggies, feta cheese, and homemade hummus, and was more than filling.  I will definitely be returning on a regular basis.
Ashker's, where have you been all my life? My brother helped these folks move into their space this summer, and it seems they're doing quite well. Prices are crazy-low for their all-day breakfast, which included tasty items like a spinach-egg sandwich on multigrain bread and a bacon and cheese sandwich on a homemade, flaky buttermilk bun -- both under $6. And the juices are downright daring, with veggies and spices that suggest some serious nutrition fans are behind the counter. In the land of wings and pizza, there should really be a special merit badge awarded to any cafe that puts kale on the menu, especially in liquid form. Though the space could be cozier -- it feels like a real estate office converted into an eatery -- the staff radiates enough warmth to make anyone feel welcome. This extended to the two homeless men who stopped in to have a hot drink and say hello to the counter staff, who were as cordial to them as they were to me. I felt so at home that I came back after paying for my meal and running an errand, to ask if I could stay and do some work. No problem! said Sarah, the considerate co-owner of the cafe. By the end of the day, I felt like I'd been hanging out at the home of a friend all afternoon. I can't wait to go back!
I love this little joint. With super fresh food, hot & fresh coffee, super duper good prices, and friendly faces all around you've got yourself all 5 stars. It used to be called Comfort Zone Cafe and it had a similar vibe/low price menu so when CZC closed I was sad. Then when I saw it was re-opening with a new name I did not know what to expect. I lived around the corner on Potomac Ave so having a place like CZC was awesome. Little did I know Ashker's would come into Elmwood Village and step it up a notch and be more awesome. The owners/management/cooks are super nice and set the tone right for grabbing a cup of joe and a hot cheap meal. Not only is the food fresh and priced well but it is very delicious as well. My breakfast quesadillas and breakfast wraps have hit the spot every time. Hooray for Ashker's!
Black Bean Burger Wrap. Fruit Smoothies. Scones!!!
If this place had a parking lot or a drive-thru, I'd be in trouble. I stopped in here over the weekend and was overwhelmed with choices. But I will say, upon entry, that doesn't seem to be the case based on the postings on the boards. You have to get your hands on a menu in order to explore all that they have to offer. I finally decided on the Spiced Carrot juice which was very good. But there were SO many more that I wanted to try. I ended up ordering the Mango & Berry Belgian Waffle as well, which was delicious. The breakfast prices in particular here, are more than reasonable. They also offer panini, wraps, soups and salads. So there is a lot that I will be coming back to come back to try. The atmosphere is very relaxed and well, just pleasant. There are two sides of the establishment and I've been told that there is often entertainment going on in the right room or a meetings of various groups. They also offer massage services in a private room which I got to sample at the Yelp Shops Local event. I'm very inclined to give 5 stars but feel I need to sample more first.
Regular walk-in over here ^^ employees are always cool and easy to talk to, I go there after 3:30 and it's usually not busy at all. The food is fast and amazingly delicious for such an underrated café. I usually get the paninis and specialty coffees; those haven't failed me yet!
I have far too many good things to say about Ashker's on Elmwood...... so I will try to be brief. They consider themselves a juice bar rather than a coffee shop, with an emphasis on health, and it is all DELICIOUS! I never thought I would have a craving for a drink that contained kale, but it happens all the time now.  However, if you really want the bad stuff they will serve up a plate of bacon and baked goods,( I think I'm addicted to the chocolate coconut scones..... seriously, I need an intervention) The revolving art gallery and multitude of events that they plan are all fantastic. They don't let me sing or play the piano, they ASK for it. There is also a wonderful Chiropractor on site (no, really) and a free to use conference room. The staff and regulars feel like family to me already. Angelo and Sara hosted my birthday party  and they went all out with delicious food. Gary, the piano playing regular even made balloon animals, it was great. These people go out of their way to make you feel at home. The wi-fi is free and fast, and I usually reserve some couch space in front of the big screen tv. Occasionally the food and drinks require a little wait time, but I am usually spending a few hours there so it isn't a big deal. You also have to remind them to charge you every once in a while if it's busy. This is the type of local business that I would bring out of towners to, just to say "look what exists in Buffalo."
Finally got around to trying this place out. The breakfasts are great. Good inexpensive food.(although potatoes were undercooked)  The service was awesome. Yes, they made a few mistakes with our order but quickly fixed things. Very patient with my toddler too. Juices are pricey, but about what you expect for a juice bar. I was confused as to why my americano was smaller than my dining companion's and I found some of the artwork painful on the eyes, but I am likely to return.
I went here with the bf after reading and hearing so many good things, and this place did not disappoint!!  I ordered the Breakfast Panino and the Basil Rejuvenation juice, while the bf got a Western Omelet and the Zinger.  Everything was delicious, and the prices were incredibly cheap.  You can't find that large and that good of a breakfast sandwich at other places for such a cheap price!  The bread was all whole grain and tasted super delicious on my breakfast sandwich with eggs, pepper jack cheese, and tomatos. The highlight of my meal for me, though, was the juice.  I love basil but never tried basil juice.  I was so glad I did.  It had basil, apple, cucumber, and something else I don't remember.  My bf's Zinger I believe had carrot, ginger, orange, and lemon.  By the end, we were both desperately trying to sip up every last bit of juice we could, because it was just that good. Overall, I cannot say enough how good our experience was.  The workers asked us many times about how everything was, which to me showed that they actually seemed genuinely concerned about what their patrons thought.  I know I will be back very soon!
Over the weekend I threw my daughter's 2nd Birthday party in the side room at Ashker's... we definitely needed a lot of planning around the busy front room, but the party all in all was great. They were so accommodating as usual and really helpful. It was so special and I'm so glad we did it there... Our party had about 35 people (12 of which were kids I think)... and it went great! I definitely would recommend it for a small gathering.
This is definitely my favorite cafe in Buffalo. Angelo is super nice and he goes out of the way to get to know you and call you by name. If there is something you want that's not on the menu, they're more than willing to get you what you want. For example, I wanted to get a hot chocolate made with egg nog instead of regular milk, and not only did they have egg nog, but they were able to make it with chocolate with no trouble at all, and it tasted absolutely delicious! They also have amazing breakfast sandwiches. I can also vouch for the caramel macchiato and americano -- both really tasty. They also have lots of events there. They have live musicians, local artists showing their art, local authors giving readings, not so much open-mic nights, but they mentioned they might have something like that in the future. They also have a club card, which gets you special deals and information, which is awesome, of course, makes you always want to come back. Overall...Great place! I took my friend visiting from San Francisco here and she loved it. I think I'm definitely taking any friends visiting Buffalo here. I also greatly love their prices. They're about $1 less than Starbucks, which is awesome! And the food and drinks taste better than Starbucks, the atmosphere is more comfy: they have nice couches and even a TV, which is nice, so there really is no reason to go to that Starbucks down the street. Ashker's is the way to go! :D
I must thank Yelp for bringing me to this awesome establishment. Months ago, at the very first Yelp Buffalo office hours we met at this neat spot. I was able to sample some of their offerings and hang with cool people. I've been back a few times and the magic is definitely there. It is a large space with lots of seating and a TV. The menu is a varied offering with a definite focus on beverages. (juices, smoothies, coffee, tea...) It really speaks to my heart with their day-long breakfast offering. The food might be a little slow to come from the kitchen but this is a nice place to relax. The staff is always friendly, the patio is perfect and there is always neat art to peek at while you're here. A great spot.
Great coffee. Great juice. And great food. All freshly made. Staff is also extremely friendly!
Every time I come here, I'm happy with giving them my money. It's such a feel good homey, friendly atmosphere. The owners are awesome and the service is always great. :) I've tried the basil rejuvenator, the green lagoon and the beet carrot ginger juice and i'm pretty happy with them all. One thing I'd wish was that they'd add more green juices, for us crazy juicin' fools! (Less sugar, more punch!) One of the last times I was there I tried some cheesey vegetable panini --it was the most adult grilled cheese, but still different than just plain ol' grilled cheese (yummmm!) I'd even recommend the breakfast, although it was so long ago I can't remember what I got, but I remember being very happy when I left..and it's great place to stop by on your way to the Farmers Market!!
Love seeing the emphasis on healthy, local food on Elmwood competing against the countless joints on Elmwood that promote obesity (pizza, fast food, and crappy Chinese restaurants).  My Chicken & Mushroom panini was stuffed with a bunch of other fresh tasting vegetables and came w/ a side salad.  My "Sweet Zinger" smoothie made of carrot, orange, ginger, lemon, peach, and mango though was a little disappointing b/c it was kinda bland.  Also, the cafe is attached to a little art gallery and also has an attached conference room for free use.  Their menu is extensive but they just started to so food comes a little slow with what seems like only the 2 owners running the place.  Also, can get a little loud w/ the blenders firing away in the background but in all, a nice alternative to other coffee shops in the area.  Last, they gotta do something about the flies! also FYI, there's a restaurant.com coupon for food only, minimum purchase $35
Love love love Ashker's.  If I wasn't a North Buffalo girl I would be at this place all the time (just a little out of the way for a cup of juice).  Their prices are so reasonable and their food is so fresh.  You can pop in for a cup of juice, snack, full breakfast or lunch, whatever!  Great location, great people.  I haven't really found anything I dislike about it here and will keep on returning to try new things!
The zucchini veggie panini was fantastic. Loved the thin bread, made it easier to eat and to taste the veggies. I am from California and this is my favorite restaurant in Buffalo.
My first visit was the one on Elmwood Avenue a friend and I decided to spend the day on the strip. I got one of the warm scones that had just come out of the oven. I enjoyed this with a hot cup of  Jamaican me crazy coffee. the employees were very nice. Hoping to return again soon.
Absolute Best Juice Bar I've Encountered!! Beautiful Atmosphere, Excellent Staff & Service, Food Good As It Looks.
Great options, their smoothies are the best! Also very reasonably priced. Great place to go for breakfast! One of my favorite places to eat.
A mid-week dinner at Ashker's helped assuage my sadness over Liquid Energy's closing downtown. I began my meal with a 4-star juice, though I wish I could remember its name. It had carrots, ginger and shot of wheatgrass. It could not have been better. Service was efficient and friendly. I had a black bean veggie wrap and took half home for lunch the next day. I believe there is something for everyone on the menu. I had a difficult time deciding between many, many veggie options. My dining companion had a breakfast dish for dinner.
Now that I've been here dozens of times, I think my review warrants an update.  The food has remained consistently good (I love their huge salads, wraps and breakfast offerings) and their smoothies likewise taste as delicious every time, no matter who is working the blender (I like them all - Heart Beet and Blushing Emerald being my favorites). The service is still friendly and welcoming.  What really warrants commenting is the fact that their promptness has seemed to improve.  When I used to go it took me forever to get my smoothie and food.  Now everything comes out fairly quickly even when busy.  Maybe they finally found a good rhythm and balance. Ashker's is a great addition to Elmwood and I hope it will be around for a long, long time!
I was so happy I got to try Ashker's today since I have been hearing how wonderful it is.  The place is cool.   There are many things about it I liked.  1. Comfortable.  It has the feel of home for some reason.  Maybe its the piano, and the set up of the sitting area.  2. Healthy- lots of nice fresh healthy foods/juices/smoothies. 3. Friendliness- the owner cares and show it.  Everyone is really upbeat.  4. Featured Art (I know the artist up right now) This adds a nice touch to the cafe. My smoothie was really tasty and next time I want to get some food. The only thing-- you might have to wait if they're busy or short staffed. Free Wi Fi! yay!
I have to first commend whoever is responsible for hiring the employees here. Each time I've been to Ashker's I've received some of the best service on that end of Elmwood. My first trip was to cure my curiosity of their juice bar. I've had several different smoothies and shakes from places so I will say Ashker's is above average - however, the items that they offer definitely bring something new to Elmwood village. I love the healthy options including vegetable items like beets, carrots, etc while also offering the blend of fruits like peach, melon and strawberries. My second visit was to try some of their food items. I'm a morning person and I love breakfast and good coffee to start the day. I was very impressed with Ashker's menu selection. My girlfriend ordered the breakfast burrito and I got the Veggie sandwich, each served with a side of fresh fruit. I loved that I could taste the freshness in each vegetable that was on my sandwich as well (onion, tomato, peppers, spinach, and feta cheese). I'm a "crunch" craver which means it's hard for me to enjoy a sandwich if there isn't any crunch factor! Check! They pressed it Panini style and I was perfectly content. The guy working the counter was extremely accommodating and the flower vendor outside the shop was such a sweetheart. He even gave us flowers to take home! Great experience, great service, and great place to get a healthier food fix. I will likely make Ashker's a regular stop. I hope this place continues to do well.
