Crowded but still has seating on a Sunday afternoon!  That enough is impressive for the only Starbucks in the neighborhood!   The baristas are friendly and the tables are not squeezed together like the ones in the city.  My iced coffee was made within a minute or two, before the fancier drinks already ordered by people in front of me - very efficient!  Very tempted to give it 5 stars. Unfortunately the A/C is a little on the strong side and it can get chilly fast, especially with a cold drink.
This Starbucks is on my short list of BEST Starbucks around. Staff here is friendly and professional, they remember I need soy and typically get the chai. Atmosphere is great. I often come here after class to study. Lots of seats, Lots of outlets, and most folks don't mind sharing a table.
I don't care what anyone says- this Starbucks is pretty good. I come here to get my refills all the time and study here on occasion. It gets cold sometimes, but the servers and cashiers are really nice and efficient. Especially the blonde haired woman with the glasses.
Came in today for my green tea latte ... Tasted it, felt like I was drinking milk, no trance of matcha green tea. We ask the Barista if they can adjust the taste. She doesn't seemed too happy about it, but made me a new one anyway. She also added that if I wanted it darker I should ask the counter before I pay for double shot. I was confused, normally all I have to order is "green tea latte" (no special request) and I will get a green tea latte ... not a light green milk drink.
This Starbucks is similar to many other Starbucks across the city. The drinks are good, service is fast and staffs are nice. But what is wrong with their internet speed and the room temperature; it could be snowing 12 inches outside and they still have a room temperature that can freeze your bones. If you planning to visit this branch, you gotta gear up with sweaters and mufflers. The internet speed is also extremely slow. Since this is the only Starbucks in neighborhood, guess we have to stick with it for awhile.
Pumpkin spice late and banana nut muffin
This starbucks provides the ghetto experience you can hardly have in other starbucks branches. I wonder why --it is unthinkable given the power of big franchize as this--but the staff here way below par and rude probably because they are tired of the unruly clientels? I am not sure which was the first, but the atmosphere is awful and I am reluctant to stay even for an hour. I have been there barely for a couple of times and all was because I needed an internet connection. Provided the area hardly has it, let alone with a nice cafe with it. So they basically have no competitors. Thus they can pretty much get away with anything? Still, I cringe every penny I have to spend on their ill service.
This Starbucks its just like all the others which is a good thing. The service is great and fast. I'm really happy to have a Starbucks in the neighborhood.
Big open space, that is always crowded. Located right across the street from the 7 train this place does some serious volume! If you are fortunate enough to grab a seat, then it can be quite cozy, with the exception of the incessant babbling of the local hipster crowd. The Baristas are quite experienced as I would imagine they would have to be to serve at a place with this type of traffic. My drink was made to order as I asked. No problems or snags. The milk and sugar bar is way too small for a place that handles this volume of traffic. Take note Starbucks and install another one!
9/23/2009 7PM. There is a girl and a guy who works there. I went Starbucks asking for how does wifi works, the guy was very nice he start explain all thing to me. But after 5 minute he explain to me, the girl come over said: Done, the guy went away, and girl told me if you want to know pls go on line and search! What? I am just asking a simple question on store? I find the customer service specially this girl very rude. despite that, the place is pretty Cool for startbucks the AC is on all the time.
I wish there were other coffee shops in this area with Wi-Fi; that's really the only reason why I settle here...that and they provide public restrooms. Average service.  Ok drinks. PRO: They have plenty of electrical outlets.
Every time I came here when I was on vacation, the place was PACKED with people with friends or their laptop.  The service here is good, but I will say that I think it would be better if customers weren't so rude to them.  I work in coffee and I can totally empathize with the employees.  They really are trying their best.  Whenever I came here, the place is clean, organised and the bathrooms are always fully stocked and clean too.  The staff here do a great job remembering regulars names, pushing drinks in a timely fashion and keeping up on store cleanliness.
I'm a Starbucks junkie, and I'm not ashamed to admit it! I'm obsessed, but this Starbucks hasn't always been up to par. One time I went in there and got a Venti iced coffee, and I guess they didn't have normal lids so they gave me a plastic lid for the frapps. I was not a happy camper, but didn't complain because at that point, I just wanted my coffee. Another time, I went there and planned on studying for a while. Well, that didn't last long because the heat was blasting, and it felt like a sauna in there. Every time a customer walked through the doors, I heard them they something about the temperature in there. Ugh. I was sweating even though I took off my jacket. All in all, they make a consistent product because it IS Starbucks. This particular area gets pretty crowded at certain times, but I guess that's what ya get for a chain.
Store #11370 Following a delightful performance at Secret Theatre, with a friend, I desperately need to salve my throat from hard laughs and sincere immense smiles emitted.  This Starbucks #11370 opens late which one tall hot Green Tea at $2.25 with free refill of hot water truly salve my coarse throat.  Seating is ample and spacious without the need to wait for an eternity of hours and hours.
I KNOW Starbucks is a franchise. However, Starbucks is the closest I've come to having a "local" spot in NYC. I miss the Quack's scene in Austin, and nothing in my neighborhood comes even close! It is what it is. Weekends it seems they are understaffed, but usually oe can find a table to sit at, people watch while having coffee. I don't care what anyone says, but the price isn't as gouging as alot of places I've been to! Remember, if you get a cuppa "to stay" there is a nominal charge for refills! So my 2 cups end up costing me about $1 and change each, even for the grande! Besides, be good to the environment, don't take that to go when you plan to sit a while!
Soooo I am a complete coffee addict. I can't manage my day unless I have a cup of coffee before and after just about everything I do. On that note, the coffee here is alright. It's starbucks coffee, and seeing as I never get any of that super-duper-mocha-latte-frappuccino stuff they have to offer, just regular coffee and the occasional Americano, I don't get to experience any of their overflavored sugary goodness. Unsweeted coffee with a splash of milk for me, thanks. The taste is alright, sometimes its a bit burnt, but it's nothing to write home about. What makes this particular Starbucks so great is the staff, and the atmosphere. Being the only 'bucks in Sunnyside, theres a slew of regulars who mostly know each otehr, such as myself, that the staff knows by first name. I've had many a chat with Danny over a nice cigarette. I love that about this place, it's such a comfortable environment to work and study in. It's always very clean, and the seats are well-maintained and super comfy. So, until theres another, better, option in Sunnyside, this is my neighborhood pick for coffee, every time.
It's "okay."  Get's really crowded though (ditto on the "laptop hobos" comment), a lot of times it's hard to find a seat. Their new refill policy really annoys me.  Before you could just bring your cup up and they'd give you a discounted refill.  NOW the refill has to be at least 2 HOURS since the purchase (you need to show them your receipt) and you HAVE TO BE IN THE STORE during the entire time.  Sorry, aside from the laptop hobos, I don't have 2 hours to kill at Starbucks.  :rolleyes:
This is the most disgusting Starbucks I have ever been to. Filled with homeless. Staff is rude. They keep dragging garbage cans through the store to the curb. WTF????
I come here every weekday 5:00 to order my coffee for the long drive home. Service is quick, and the coffee is always done right. No complaints.
I love my local Starbucks; the staff is always friendly.  The major downside is that it is always busy and you can never find a seat. I wish they work rework the space. And perhaps do something about the weird characters who frequent the space (and don't appear to purchase anything).
Listen: Great low key tunes, lots of young couples talking, some actual conversations! Without phones in front of their faces?! In a coffee shop!? For wha?! But seriously, rapid fire, sweet staff. Fresh munchies too, no stale espresso brownies here!
Horrendous. Old men that sit and fart on the couches the entire day 24/7. Internet speed from the 1990's. From opening to closing there is never a seat available. The patrons sit for hours and never buy coffee. Everyone brings their laptop but the internet sucks so WTF are they doing. Not sure what annoys me more; the people with laptops who don't complain to management that the internet is painfully slow or management themselves.
The atmosphere is awful.  It's freezing, (everyone sits with their coats on), they blast Bob Marley OVER AND OVER at the volume you'd use in a bar, the bathrooms are dirty, the electrical outlets are a fire hazard, the WIFI is painfully slow, and they do not utilize the space for much needed more seating..
On Foursquare, someone left a tip that this was the dumpiest Starbucks he'd ever seen.  That would be outsider speak.  I'm rather proud of this neighborhood joint that collects all the local students and workers-from-home with their eyes glued firmly to their screens and the occasional books.  I like stopping by in the mornings because it's never the same crowd and it's fun to make up stories about which part of the nabe they're from.  No matter who they are, they give it that comfy atmosphere that yes, you too can join this temperature-controlled haven from your tiny apartment if you are quick enough to play musical chairs and win.  If you really can't sit for a while, it's always fun to browse the latest collection of mugs and thermoses on the wall opposite from the coffee bar, especially around Christmastime.  Most of all, it's a nice default for knowing what to expect when you want bold coffee or frapps. Before Starbucks, the only other coffee chain was Dunkin and as much as I appreciate the fuel of America for a 24-hr option, I prefer soy in my coffee, an AT&T hotspot, and playing the laptop squatter game every so often.
This is the largest Starbucks I've seen in the 5 boros. Everything is spaced out and there's plenty of air for everyone to breath. Tables are not crammed in so you don't have to squeeze through chairs while holding your breath to find a seat. Standard Starbucks fare as far as menu/ cleanliness/ service.
Fast and easy!
It's a Starbucks alright. Like most every other Starbucks. Coffee the way you expect Starbucks coffee to be. Free internet, air conditioning, restroom, comfortable seating, music, napkins, ice water, etc. I'm way past complaining about the ubiquity of Starbucks in NYC; it's come in handy way too many times when we needed a bathroom (very few public bathrooms in this town!). But if you simply want a great cup of coffee to go, or a pound of perfectly, freshly roasted and ground beans, Baruir is an independent, local shop just down Queens Boulevard at 41st Street. Support the old local place!
I'm not exactly sure how to review a starbucks.  These places are everywhere and for the most part they are all the same.  I do enjoy the atmosphere of this location.  The customer service was quick and friendly; plus it has this come sit down take a load off feeling.
Starbucks must have some policy that prohibits employees from asking loiterers to leave, because customers at this particular location literally make this place their livingroom. Never before coming to this Starbucks have I seen customers (if you can call them that) sitting in front of their own desktop computers playing video games or watching missed episodes of their favorite TV shows with the sound way up. Paying customers stand around and wait for seats to open while these guys linger for days. The Starbucks on Queens Blvd. in Sunnyside is just not my cup of coffee.
This is one of my favorite Starbucks locations in Queens. I come here at least once a week for coffee, to do some work, read, etc... without any interruptions. Service and atmosphere is pretty good. The only drawback to this place is getting a seat. If you go early, you'll definitely find a table.
Decent place. The drinks tend to vary. I get a perfectly fine drink one day and a horrible one the next. Line tends to move quickly and drinks are made in a timely manner. Depending on the time, seats are available...unless they are being used by people treating Starbucks as their office (complete with FedEx boxes and everything) As a LaGuardia student, this is the only Starbucks that's close by, even if you do need to take the bus or the train to get there, so I can't complain too much.
As Starbucks go, I give this one a high rating exclusively because of the staff, and in particular because of the most excellent (and super cute) manager, Matthew.  The coffee is pretty much what any Starbucks offers, so I go for camaraderie and an always friendly hello from my favorite baristas like Emily, Karolina, Sherry, Helen, Michael... I love ALL you guys!!  I usually get something off the menu because the staff all know me and make some pretty amazing recommendations.  Always clean and usually full of regulars, this place is a staple in Sunnyside.  If you want to get a seat, get there early!  Lots of folks come to hang out and play with their technology, and they seem to stay for HOURS.  Other than that, I love this Starbucks. I've been to a lot of Starbucks in the U.S. and abroad, and so far, this one is my favorite!!
Great and fast customer service! Also a good location to relax while enjoying your delicious coffee! Very close to the Subway station. Plenty of space inside so it doesn't feel like you're all cramped up with everyone! Plenty of seating as well.
Not very clean and always crowded.  The staff however is quite friendly.
Never a free table. The atmosphere is lacking. The clientele are weird. Slow internet access
Useful for what it is.  This is a 'bucks to stop in and get a to go beverage.  I do NOT like hanging out here. LOUD! It seems to be large family gathering and noisy teenager central in Sunnyside.  Additionally, and this is truly a mystery I'd like to figure out someday, there is an inordinate number of religious just-came-from-church-wearing-my-Sunday-best people hanging out and discussing Jesus-y stuff (among themselves only, thankfully!).
Pretty much the best coffee spot in Sunnyside. Its busy and there are a lot more interesting people that come here than the others. Sometimes you cant get a seat but most of the times you do. It can be annoying when the high school crowd gets in but they are tolerable. What I can say is at least the music is better than most and the location is convenient to get to.
