T
I must admit that was THE MOST expensive meal I've eaten in weeks. However, with that said, meaning I've been to most all the restaurants in the area, it was THE BEST meal I've had!!! The new nacho appetizer however, being advertised as prime rib nachos I believe it was, needs more prime rib and more cheese!! Snow crab legs were pricey but wayy better than red lobster!! Kids enjoyed their Mac & cheese and tenderloins. Hubby's meal was ok he said. Mine was THE BEST!! I got the pacific salmon and shrimp with sweet potato. DELICIOUS!!! Waitress was on top of eveyrhing and manager visited the table a few times including bringing back my husbands steak with sincere apologies.
I've been here before with a decent experience, but the last few times were poor. The 20min wait for a seat was really 30 minutes, which wouldn't have been an issue if there weren't several open/clean booths ready. It seemed like they just weren't remotely motivated to seat customers. We got the bloomin' onion as an appetizer, and it was bordering on burned. The meal itself took 45 minutes to come out, and in that time, the waitress never came for drink refills. My steak was pretty good, but the crab topped shrimp was so bad that I couldn't finish it. The shrimp was rubbery, over salted and saturated in butter. The crab topping literally seemed like a week old crab cake that was smashed onto the shrimp, with some sort of bland white sauce on top to try to mask the fact that it just came out of the microwave. Chain restaurants in this country have all gone downhill, and Outback is no exception. They need to focus on customer service and good food. Instead, they're lowering their quality and raising their price. I won't be returning anytime soon.
This place was decent. The steak was good, although I ordered it medium rare, it came a little redder than I expected. (I didn't mind though.) The smashed potatoes weren't amazing, I didn't even finish them. The steamed broccoli was pretty good, but, eh, it's steamed broccoli....how do you screw that up? The waitress service was decent. She was friendly and responsive to my excessive coca cola needs. Price is moderate for a chain steak house. I paid about 15$ for the whole meal. Overall, good, but not impressed.
I'm a fan. Love the filet. Apps are always good. We ask for Dawn when we go, she brings our drinks as soon as we sit down. Don't even have to order them. Managers are friendly and check on the tables. Any problem I've ever had (not many) have always been taken care of or removed from the bill. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they changed their prime rib and covered it with herbs. (yuck)
The meal was okay, the service was great!
The food was consistent like you'd expect from a national chain.  The thing that was unique to this particular location is they had the nicest staff of any Outback I've ever been to.  Not sure if it's an Upstate New York thing or just good leadership.  Manager on duty Gary went table to table to make sure everything was going well.
We haven't eaten at chain restaurants in years but we were driving back to Philadelphia from niagara falls. We were so impressed! The food was delicious- streaks were cooked just right, kids Mac and cheese delicious. Most remarkable was the great service from our  waitress.
Came here on a business trip. Ordered a beer and sat at the bar..I ordered the salmon and fresh veggies. They were both perfect, not fancy, just right. Veggies were nice and crispy and the salmon was grilled to perfection. To top it off, Gary, the manager came around to make sure we  were all happy. This is a courtesy that is very rare these days. I travel for business and eat out a lot. I can count on 1 hand how many times I have been greeted by a manger or owner. nice touch Gary.....
damn good food,I loved the bloomin onion.  the waitress was excellence alway's on top of our needs. Steak was great. I always say the redder the meat the better. the smashed potato's were great as well.
The experience in this place was not pleasant. Very bad service!!! No attention to us and there were flies competing with our food!!!
We've had very poor luck with service in our 3 trips to this Outback.  We've waited up to an hour for a table, which is to be expected, but our food has taken at least 45 minutes both times we ate inside.  Once we did takeout, and we sat in the car for 45 minutes waiting for the food to be ready (after calling the order in 1/2 hour before!)  Then the food was cold.  We will not go back to this restaurant, even though we live within a mile.  We are very disappointed that we don't have a higher-quality Outback, since we like it in other towns!
