I really hated the setup with a single long table that sits multiple parties. The group next to me was super loud and I was barely able to hear what my friend were saying. As for the food, it was mediocre. The special of the day, which was steak, was very good, but the lamb dish was not. It barely had any meat on it.
HORRIBLE Food & Service!  Do not go.  Avoid at all costs. Owners are rude, arrogant and don't know the basics in running a restaurant. Lets start with the food. Flatbread pizza (Cocas) - tasteless.  Had the one with the artichokes and we couldn't taste them.  They were there...but tasteless Ribeye - fatty Short Ribs Papparedelle - beyond salty and pasta was rubbery Lobster Paella - mushy, gooey, and old tasting Now for the service: When the paella arrived the server warned that it was a hot dish...fine.  hot.  understandable.  Turns out, it was scolding and so was the food! As I dipped my fork in to take my first bite, my wrist accidentally touched the tip of the skillet handle. It was so scolding hot it caused me to flinch and the rice from my fork flung back at me.  Sounds funny until you see the blistery burn marks I have on me where the rice landed and the blister from barely touching the skillet!  Thank god I never had a chance to put the food in my mouth!  Where the rice landed on my shirt...also burned the fabric.  In an effort to keep my friends birthday a happy one, I stayed calm, accepted ice, waited for my food to cool and stayed through dinner.   Given the circumstances, we chose not to stay for dessert.  Then the bill comes....and to my surprise, despite everyone knowing what happened and how burned I was, there was zero adjustment on the bill.  In a very calm attempt to address this with the waiter (still hoping not upset the birthday mood) I pointed out the burn blisters, oil and burn marks on my blouse, and even though I shouldn't have to say it, remind them that there is a difference between hot and scolding (aka too hot to serve).  His response (in a very instantly rude tone): I can give you shots but I am not changing the bill. In explaining to him that we were not interested in shots, as none of us were up for shots that night and was really...not a solution.  Again, he insisted (and now in a ruder forceful tone) it was "shots or nothing, take it or leave it".  To sum up this long and painful story, I have never experience such rudeness from a restaurant.  The two brothers (Alex and Roman) supposedly have restaurant experience but when the food is horrible, the service is horrible, and while we're at it, decor is horrible (what are those glass candy jars about?) there is nothing left and no reason to go. There are too many places in the hood that know how run good restaurants to make this place worth trying. Simply put.  Don't bother!
What a great find. Tucked away at the bottom of Eighth Ave., its absolutely worth the search. Its small but once you are through the bar area it opens up a bit. There is a communal table and a number of regular fours, but I dont think it would be good for larger groups, The bar is well stocked and inventive and very user friendly; also has a decent wine list. To us the key was the great food and really friendly service. Watching the chefs work next to a great wood oven is like watching a well oiled machine, quite a show in a limited space. The mini pizzas ( I think called cocas)as a starter were just the right size, with a very thin crust and all kinds toppings. Anchovy and mushroom were our two favorites. The entrees were outstanding, creative and cooked to perfection. The fettuccine had more seafood than pasta and the fish dishes were outstanding. The flan for desert is unusual and wonderful. To crown it our waitress and the hostess were friendly and helpful, and there was no problem in getting changes to a couple of the dishes ( we had one picky eater). Definitely a place to go back to
"El Diablo" drink is awesome for all you spice lovers! Nice vibe here if you want a low-key kind of night. The owner is very friendly and chatted it up with us for most of the time we were there. Oh yeah, happy hour 7 days a week that includes $1 oysters! I'm def coming back :-)
Really, really enjoyable evening here.  Very cozy, friendly spot with an excellent staff.  We had a variety of cocktails...I stuck with the tequila/mezcal based drinks and was happy.  "El Diablo" had good heat (and the waiter thankfully asked me for desired spiciness - 'medium' was perfect).  The mezcal drink balanced very well with the smokiness of the spirit.  Food...nice meal of small plates: cherry tomato flatbread with delicious aioli, grilled octopus, salad with watermelon & goat cheese...ribeye and mayan shrimp were also very tasty.  Prepared as we requested & good quality ingredients.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a relaxing, casual meal in a cozy, neighborhood feel.  Added bonus: we were treated to the sight of the Health dept inspector handing the owners an "A"!  Will definitely be back.
When you have an 80 year old French tourist rapping and dancing to Tupac and BIG in the wee hours of a Monday night, you know that you're in the right place. The exposed brick interior gives this place a trendy but laid back look. I don't know whether they have a secret society that meets at this bar, but if you're looking to meet thickly accented Frenchmen and women who love early 90s rap, this has got to be high on your list. I'll go back, but more for the great mixed drinks and the IPA they have on tap.
Celebrated New Years Eve 2013 here, with a couple of friends and we had their fix menu. Food was fantastic. I had the Lamb for an appetizer and Fillet for my main. Both were so good!  The owner and staff were Great and very personable. I would love to visit again when I am back in NYC.
Stopped in here a few weeks ago (April 2012) for a strong drink while I was waiting for someone's bus to get into the city.  I couldn't have picked a better spot.  This place makes fantastic drinks, and for the quality of the spirits, the strength of the drinks, and the craftsmanship that goes into it by the talented bartenders, I thought they were actually pretty underpriced.  I didn't have any food here, so I can't speak to that, but if you're looking for a strong drink at an eclectic place with a cool euro vibe, hit this spot up.
If you like spicy, the El Diablo cocktail is just smashing! My boyfriend and I popped in here last night for a few cocktails and was blown away by this awesome concoction of a drink called the El Diablo! If we didn't have dinner ressies later that night at another restaurant, we would have definitely hung out by the bar for a few more of these spicy  babies.. A fan of the ambiance and friendly people. The bartender was fairly new, so she made sure to ask us if the drinks were to our liking. I liked that about her. Will come here again!
This place is a treat! 8 of us went here for a birthday dinner and it was fantastic. A friend not present started the dinner off by ordering a bottle of champagne for the table on her. Our waitress was sweet and came over with said champagne and birthday wishes. I started with the burrata salad- which was perfect. The exact amount of cheese, bread, and pesto for every bite. The portion was also surprisingly big. Next came the chicken which I split with a friend as it was a going out night. I don't know how people can consume this dish alone- creamy potatoes, bacon-wrapped asparagus, half a chicken all cooked to perfection. I will definitely be back ... and hopefully have room for dessert.
The service is terrible.  We waited for 60++ minutes for our meal.  They did not even come over to us until we complained about the wait time.  The place is so packed with tables that its hard to walk.  It would be a good place for the fire marshall to visit!! The food is bland and we had to check to chicken to make sure it was done.  There are so many great restaurants  and bars in the West Village.  Go there!!!
I went with a party of 6 for a birthday.  The experience was too mixed for me to want to go back.  It feels *crowded*.  We sat on tall bar stools at a tall able which isn't the most comfortable for a full meal.  The swordfish special was delicious, as were the tuna tacos.  The sangria wasn't bad but not a style I like.  The white truffle lasagna had far too heavy a hand on the truffle oil and the Lobster Paella had the texture and flavor of a side in a swanson's mexican tv dinner.    But mostly is was the atmosphere - we aren't difficult people but we all found the hosting and serving to have the feeling of annoyance at having to deal with all these people.
Place is nice. Some say it's cramped, others consider it intimate. It's up to you to choose. The food is very tasty and flavorful. A bit overpriced for such humble portions however. Waiter was beyond friendly and attentive which was a big plus. Beware some appetizers like the foie gras is minuscule in size but astronomical on price with taste that only ranges in the "tasty" spectrum and not in the stellar
Took my Mom, Mother-in-law, Dad and wife for an early Mother's Day dinner. We ordered flat breads, octopus, fish and meat of the day and drinks. Everything was great and I don't think I'll ever have an 8pus better than they make it there. The chef- even though very young is very talented. Highly recommend. Oleg March- marchphoto.com
Food was great, the various bloodies were great, and the service was great. Came here as a group of five for brunch, with Urban Daddy coupons. They treated us very well with friendly, prompt service. Could not have asked for a better experience! If they spanish style food is your bag, I definitely recommend going here.
Overpriced and not that good. They charged $5 for 2 pieces of overcooked bacon. Would not come back here again.
had the 25 dollar brunch deal; 3 champaign cocktails and one entree. i tried the blood orange cocktail which was amazing and the lobster cakes with poached eggs! the cakes came with fries and argula salad and just the right portion! i highly recommend this place for brunch or dinner! service was amazing as well!
Had a delicious meal here last weekend.  The margaritas were great!  We ordered the artichoke flatbread, which was good, but small and the octopus appetizer, which was amazing to start.  We split a pasta and the lamb (delish!) for an entree.  All in all a great meal!
$1 oyster happy hour paired with 1/2 priced lagunitas IPA's means I'll definitely be coming back again.
Went there for happy hour. Small but airy, chic downtown decor, and friendly service. The appetizers were outstanding. For every glass of wine we ordered we got one free. No too loud. Perfect Happy Hour spot.
Uncomfortable seating, uneven food. Went with a group for a birthday celebration. Appetizers are better than the entrees. Scallops were delicious, but $17 for 6 small bites of food is a bit steep. The pesto with the burrata was odd. My friends liked their tartares, though. Enjoyed the dark and stormy cocktail, though the tamarind garnish wan't too attractive. Had the paella for my entree. Not much seafood, though the seafood was cooked fine. Mushy rice. Flavor was too cuminy. It says there's rock shrimp, but I didn't see any. Having had the real deal in Barcelona, this was just not comparable in any way. My friends thought it tasted like a frozen dinner. I didn't think it was quite that bad, but it was nothing special. My friends enjoyed the swordfish special, but thought it was overcooked. I tasted an artichoke that came with it and it was delicious. The wild mushroom lasagna was ok, but one would expect homemade pasta at these prices. The churros for dessert were yummy, the chocolate lave cake, just ok, though they brought it with a birthday sparkler, which was nice. The service was nice. Overall, though there were some high points, there were too many low ones. Probably won't return.
Overcharged us at the bar for our drinks and then overcharged us at our dinner.  I would look over your check carefully.  Food was ok.
Although the food was good, not spectacular, but good - I can't give it anymore stars because the markup on their liquor is insane.  I ordered 3 Hudson Whiskeys on the rocks, and when I got the bill my alcohol total was $80.  3 pours for $80 equals $28 a glass.  The actual price per bottle is around $50, so if conservatively you get ten pours per bottle (and that's very conservative) they have a 600% markup on the liquor.  If the price had ever been mentioned or printed I clearly would have made another choice, but it wasn't. The kicker is that when questioned why they charge so much, their simple answer was "we just do". Then rather than take one drink off the check, they brought us vodka shots, which I found a little insulting.  The whole thing was simply ridiculous.
Although the food was actually quite nice and the service pretty good, but I would never go there again... be warned: if you book a large group, you will be charged the full price for any no-shows with no warning. We were having a charity event (with diners signing up to send Holiday gifts to the children of Sandy victims) and admittedly a number of people didn't show (shame on them), but the owner hadn't warned the organiser in advance that this would happen... or ask if he could reuse the 7 empty chairs/tables for other customers. We were charged $50 each (which frankly was already high for a main course and a simple shared dessert), and then $50 for each person who didn't turn up. Does that seem fair to you?
I've been to Barrio 47 about 6 times over the past several years. I think the food is pretty good. Historically, the vibe is good, with one of the French owners as the host, typically very friendly. Tonight, we had a table of 6 given my gf and I had 4 friends visiting from out of town. We walked in and waited for 10 mins at 8pm, with no sign of one of the French owners. Fine, we sat at the large communal table past the bar. We had a nice meal...service was solid, food was good not great. Highlights were the octopus and the croquettes. My hanger steak was overcooked sadly. Anyway, we had an overall nice meal. Unfortunately, the communal table we were sitting at actually sits 18 people (no one was next to us during our dinner). We noticed about 15 people congregating by the bar and figured they were going to sit at our table but it was only 10pm (we had been sitting for less than 2 hours) so we weren't stressed. The hostess came up to me and said: "would you like to have a drink at the bar?". I said: "huh?". I told her that if she wanted us to move (to accommodate the large group), she could have come over and said: "I'm sorry, I was wondering if you could help me out, we have a large table and we gave them a reservation a little earlier than we should have, would you consider moving to the bar, and we would love to buy you all drinks to thank you?". If she had said that, I would have said: "sure, I get it, we are done anyway with dinner, no big deal". Anyway we stayed for about 10 minutes then left (after I told her that her approach was just terrible). On the way out, the group of 17 people that were going to take our table consisted of a bunch of unattractive French men (I am second generation French), and a bunch of tall girls that thought they were models but were very unattractive. As we left, several of them made obscene comments to my girlfriend (who is a very attractive and is a well regarded girl in the fashion industry). In short, we will not return to Barrio. If the owners read this, I am pretty sure that you would be horrified that your staff was trying to kick out a table of 6 (who just paid a $600 tab) after only 2 hours. My gf and I were just in Paris this summer, and I'm pretty sure that has never happened in Paris, ever. Honestly, a shame, as I used to think this was a solid place. I will just go back to dell'anima where I spend more of my time, and the staff knows me and is friendly and welcoming. Barrio will not survive with this behavior.
came here about a week ago on a Friday night. loved the wood burning oven and wall decor. it was late and I was just meeting a couple of girlfriends so we had some apps and drinks. we had the sangria, barrio especial, and essence- all were delicious, and I also had the bar tender make me some concoction. we had the cheese trilogy which was awesome, pinxo (sp? pronounced peen-cho), this little sampler that had shrimp ceviche, I think lobster salad, meat tartar, and I think two other things all served on different bread flats- all were very refreshing. lastly, we got the trio of creme brule- deeeeeeelicious! the crowd was nice, didn't seem pretentious at all, and the owner was walking around making sure everything was good for us. very cute neighborhood spot, great location.
Stopped in one afternoon for happy hour. Ok, bar menu but the crowd was very bridge and tunnel. Where are these people from?
I had dinner here with a special date...the cocktails were very innovative. Ask for the "spicy cocktail" (not on the menu) if you are looking for an extra kick. I can sincerely say the roasted vegetable plate was the best tasting healthy dish I've ever had. The other dishes we tried including the scallops, mussels and cheese plate were all full of unique flavors and artfully presented. This new spot has a cool European vibe with tasteful decor and good music. The restaurant and bar picked up an energetic buzz as the night progressed so make sure to make a reservation or arrive early. This will definitely become my new go-to restaurant in the neighborhood.
I was at the same charity brunch as Michelle on Saturday, December 1. Be very careful if you reserve for a large group. The management will charge your credit card for no-shows. The food was delicious but shelling out $$ for extra seats (not meals, mind you, seats) left a bad taste in my mouth.
Came here for brunch with a few friends, we're always looking for great brunch spots in the west village. I ordered my go-to brunch meal, eggs Benedict. I can always tell if they know what they're doing if my eggs are cooked perfectly and the hollandaise is amazing... both were spot on. On top of that, it came with their homemade truffle fries. (who can't resist those?) The bartender made delicious spicy bloody marys.. Service was prompt and very helpful, will definitely be back!
great service! great ambiance! great drinks! yummy food!
Came on a Thursday night for dinner. We came early to grab a drink at the bar....bad idea. The bartender was sooo slow and had no idea what he was doing he was definitely new. I ordered the Meli cocktail which tasted so watered down so switched to a glass of Malbec which wasn't that great either. We sat down for dinner and was ready to let the bar situation go and enjoy our meal. The restaurant is decorated awesome love that you can see the kitchen and the wood burning oven. Tables are a gorgeous white marble and the booths are comfortable. Ambiance and decor are great. We ordered the octopus for appetizer which was a little too salty for main entree had the hanger steak which was cooked perfect and delicious. Food wise i recommend sticking to any of the meats and avoiding the seafood dishes. I think this restaurant will be a lot better once they work out the kinks i.e. get better wait staff and bartenders. Haven't decided if its worth returning to.
It was petty good. Thought the appetizers were a bit better than the entres. Pizzas quite good. Great aromas out of the oven. Go and have appetizers and drinks.
it's really nice and cozy place, but i am not head over heels about the food. The Coca was good, we order the mushroom one, maybe a little light on the salt.  The steak tartare was not memorable, i had many better ones elsewhere. our entry was arctic char, it turns out that i am not into that fish.  I felt it was a bit flat. the best part was probably the desert which was baked banana? topped with ice cream, yum!  We also ordered my favorite mascadet, but it was insipid.  Will return for Monday special and i liked the atmosphere, maybe try the meat next time and sample some cocktail.
From the second you step into Barrio you feel like you have left NY and entered a relaxed yet vibrant local European spot. A friendly hostess greets you in as you enter and pass by the bustling yet organized bar and communal table. As soon as you seat you are presented the menus and another friendly staff in  my case the owner,greets you and makes sure he introduces the special dishes as well as favorites. Food was phenomenal, sensational flavors with fine and fresh ingredients, loved everything I tried especially the seafood variety, the tar tar, scallop coca and the fish of the day were were delicious!!!!!!!! Cocktails were very creative ad the bartender had no problem listening to my request yet freely using his "inspiration" to create something unique. Great experience cant wait to go back, perfect neighborhood gem, I almost didn't want to write a review to keep this hidden treasure a secret!
Great place for a girl's dinner or date night! We had a fun high table at the back. Small place but lively atmosphere on a Friday night :)
Came here for a late brunch then hung around for drinks. The Sunday night tunes were on point. Coco makes delicious and aesthetically pleasing cocktails, not to mention her great shaker action ;-)
Not sure what all the fuss and negativity is about.  The food and drinks were great. The space was cool and I and preferred it to the way Pasita used to be.  My 4 vs 5 stars is because I wanted more options on the menu.  Good place to go with a group for drinks and a small bite.
Probably one of the most pleasant places I've been to in NYC in a long time.  The food was ok, nothing really blew me away.  It was all good.  I was totally impressed with the staff.  From the hostess to the bus boy;  they made the place great.  will definitley go there again...
I made a reservation for 5 on open table for saturday night. I got a phone call at 3pm form the restaurant telling me that they had a party of 30 people coming in at 945 and they needed to move our reservation to 730. i guess it doesnt matter to them that people make arrangements around the time of their reservations for babysitters and travel time. Not only do we all have kids and it is hard to get saturday night babysitters but  i had people coming in form out of town on top of it. Worst of all is their lack of consideration for a saturday night res for 5 people which is hard to come by on any night of the week on nyc. The person on the phone which sounded like the owner was not apologetic in the least and said he is not responsible for opentable and cant keep track. Then why is he on it????? They send the restaurant the reservation and they only have time slots that are available on their website. This restaurant should go out of business soon since the put customers on the bottom of their concerns obviously. They are completely flippant and arrogant. I will certainly NEVER set foot in this place!!! waste of time
this place is great! steps away from meatpacking but with much better food than the restaurants in that area. it's a great spot to get cocktails and a light meal before a night on the town. I highly recommend trying a few appetizers and a flat bread pizza as opposed to entrees.
Came to celebrate a friends birthday and everything from the intial call to the payment of bill was great. Roman and his brother had taken care of us to make sure the party of 8 was carefully taken care of. Reservations fluctutated from 8-14 ppl and Roman was very accomodating given the changes. We started w/ the pre fixe menu and Roman allowed for some minor tweaks given my preference. After we arrived (late), no attitude whatsoever and he kindly sat us down and made us feel comfortable. The food was great (had all the appetizers, many bottles of wine and an assortment of the entrees). My favorite was the prime rib and the lobster paella. My not so favorite was the ravioli, not that it was bad, but it just wasn't outstanding. Roman and his brother checked on us very frequently and made small talk to get to us know. The environment was very energetic and the decor was very relaxing as well. They just opened ~ a year ago but it does seem to get pretty packed. Thanks Roman!
This place is pretty friggen' fantastic. What's probably a four stars for service and food becomes a five on the basis that they tolerate our large and belligerent group for several hours without kicking us out. I came here with a large party for a birthday party (with a reservation) last month and we were more than satisfied with our meal and experience. The unlimited champagne brunch deal was great considering the amount of booze our party consumed, and the food was great to boot! I ordered the truffled benedict over smoked salmon and the hollandaise with absolutely heavenly. I've had a lot of hollandaise sauces and this has to be the most memorable. The salmon was okay, and the eggs were a bit overcooked but it's easily forgotten when you top it with sauce containing specs of truffle. Next, the fries were so good, and highly addictive. We ended up adding several orders to our meal throughout the afternoon. Lastly, we split all the desserts they had to offer for the table....the molten chocolate cake and churros arrived piping hot were totally delicious. Atmosphere was good. The place is a bit small so you'll definitely want to secure a reservation. The staff was a bit agitated by the end of our stay, but again, considering all the noise we were making they may as well have been dressed in angels outfits. Can't wait to return for those fries and that truffle benedict. Highly recommended for birthdays, or any other big group event.
Service, ambience, food and drinks are just amazing. Great, easy place to have a long boozy dinner. The french waitress we had the pleasure of looking after us was a joy. Such a effortless experience. We found it hard to decide what to eat, the menu is filled with delicous mediterrian inspired choices. Lobster paella, seared scallops, wood fired steak to mention a few. We asked the waitress what was good and she confidently pointed us to her favorites on the menu. We decided on starters of Octopus(very tender and seared to crispy perfection) and Lobster Tacos. We shared a main of the Lobster Paella. Big mistake, this was delicious. Lobster tail and claw rested upon a bed of rice, chorizo and clams. Next time this will be mine, solo! The bill was very reasonable for such a lovely experience. The hostess made us feel valued as we left enquiring about how dinner was etc. Would certainly come back again.
Nothing ruins good food faster than rude service! This past Sunday I was celebrating my brother's birthday with a group of 20. The brunch menu specified unlimited champagne cocktails, "hibiscus" being one of them. However, the menu also features a "hibiscus mule" cocktail, which isn't a part of the $35 prix fixe. It might've been mentioned/explained to a few of the early birds of our group, but definitely not to everyone... so within minutes, a lot of us were ordering this fancy looking, candied ginger decorated cocktail, saying "wow, can't believe we have unlimited amounts of this!" Upon realizing that something seemed off, we asked the waitress to clarify things and she confirmed that what we all had been drinking is a separate hibiscus cocktail. The more questions we asked, we started hearing the following "calming" response: "Don't get mad, calm down, can't talk to me like that" - can't ask a question and prevent ourselves from spending $100 on brunch? Oh, no? 15 minutes later and after the bartender also became involved, somehow the dust settled... leaving a terrible taste in our mouths. Yeah.. too bad the food was great, and so were the drinks, but I have zero reason to come back and be treated badly, with attitude and snickering behind our backs. In French, nonetheless.
I recently went here to celebrate a friend's 25th birthday.  We were a group of 7 and managed to get a somewhat last minute reservation on a Saturday night!  The service was pretty good, but the highlight was the food.  I ordered the salmon with brussels sprouts, topped with a fennel and sun-dried tomato salad in a Dijon sauce.  The salmon was cooked pretty well--form and fleshy in the middle, with crispy, flaky, and well-seasoned skin.  Plus, the sauce that the salmon and brussels sprouts in was so good that I sopped it up with bread when I was finished. The brussels sprouts were a highlight in their own right.  My only complaint is that there weren't more on the plate, although, the salmon piece was pretty sizable.  In fact, everyone's entrees looked delicious.  I distinctly remember being jealous of the roasted bird because it looked so divine.  After everyone's food arrived, there was silence because we were all digging in and just couldn't stop because it was so good.  The lobster paella also looked delicious.   Our waiter really outdid himself because he then brought us a complimentary round of shots--some sort of passion fruit juice concoction.  The shots were a delicious highlight.  And then, they brought out dessert for the birthday boy, complete with a sparkler.  The ambience was really jovial, as their communal seating.  The party next to us shared in the birthday cheer as we sang Stevie Wonder's "Happy Birthday to Ya!"   The meal was delicious and filling, but we still had room for dessert. So, we ordered the chocolate lava cake with a scoop of ice cream.  Delicious!
What an amazing, cozy place. The food was superb and our waiter, Matthew, was great. It was a long dinner (perhaps 2+ hours) and my friend and I just caught up, chatted, ate and drank at a leisurely pace. We didn't feel rushed. The waiter promptly stopped by when he saw our wine was empty. We had the albondigas, duck confit and churros for dessert. The wine went down too easily :) I have heard they have a good brunch and a killer happy hour, so I may need to venture from Hoboken again just for one of those experiences!
My BFF and I were looking for a place to have brunch when we walk by Barrio47. We had to turn around because the smell coming out of this place was amazing. We had the brunch special, $35 for unlimited champagne cocktails and an entree. It was totally worth it. We were greeted by Kristina, our waitress. She was sooo nice and recommended choices but wasn't pushy. All her suggestions were on point. I had the lobster eggs Benedict with truffle fries. Hands down the best I've had. Thanks for the amazing service and even better food.
The salmon Benedict was to die for. The home fries that come with it are delicious but the truffle fries is where it's at. Love our server Kristina. This is a must repeat and if you are looking for a good brunch spot, this is a must try.
We met friends at Barrio 47 for dinner tonight.  The restaurant is tight bit charming.    Good crowd.  The food was nice. We ordered the burrata and octopus for the table then lobster paella, scallops and steak.   All was very good.  My only criticism is the price (not terrible but certainly not cheap) and the service could have been better.  I would recommend it for others but probably won't go back myself.
Awesome happy hour... and some of the best $1 oysters I've ever had. If you're in the area and are looking for a great, unpretentious, uncrowded happy hour, check out Barrio 47. Their HH drinks include affordable red and white sangria ($7), wine  ($7), draft beer ($5), and speciality cocktails ($7)...  and their HH food choice include loads of tasty treats such as oysters, tacos, and pizzettes. All the drinks were great, and the only food item that we didn't particularly care for was the Happy Hour lobster roll. It was super small, and the lobster meat was shredded and not the lump style. However, you can't go wrong with the oysters--they were off the chain good! As for the rest of our Happy Hour excursion out to Barrio 47, it was awesome. The bartender was super nice and responsive... and the atmosphere is modern and inviting! Note that if you're trying to find this place using Apple Maps, forget it--they place it way out of Manhattan. Use Google Maps instead :)
Sangria was amazing!! Wait staff was very friendly.  Although I found the portions to be small (probably the size I should be eating!), I will be back for sure.  Lobster paella, very tasty!
I have been to Barrio 47 a few times over the last couple of months and really enjoy it including their happy hour deals. Their happy hour consists of $1 blue point oysters and can wash down with $5 Stella's or some specially priced sangria! There are also other bar bites available at happy hour prices to eat. They also have a Monday night mussel special for $30 which includes fries and an IPA o. Tap. My only problem with the place is that the bar is really small and gets real congested during happy hour so make sure to get there early and pull up a stool before the next person does. Staff is also very friendly and welcoming!
Came here for brunch to celebrate my bday. What a disappointment. I had 2 different people call me to confirm my 3pm reservation which was nice and efficient what both of them failed to let me know was that the kitchen closes at 330. When you have a party of 15 someone is bound to be running late and of coarse they were. So now I it's 315 and we only have 15 min to order food and the plan was to stay eat and drink for a while. So we had to turn around an leave. I didn't even have a chance to walk out yet and I already had a cancellation email from opentable.com. What crappy service!!! If they would of told me that the kitchen closes at 330 I would of found another place or made reservations at 2 or something. But instead on my birthday I ended up wo a place to go with my guests. Thanks for that.
Really good food and they have a happy hour special: HAPPY HOUR: Friday 4-7pm / Saturday to Thursday 5-7pm - See more at: barrio47.com/contact.htm…
Great decor and ambience! Staff was very friendly and helpful. Food items are very well presented... Th french toast are just amazing! Shashuka was very tasty too! Will go back after July 19th! (Bottomless mimosas is just the cherry on top!)
Great food in a great atmosphere.  Food is fresh and flavorful.   Highly recommended if price isn't a concern.
This place is pricey but always nice.  My fiance is obsessed with the Hibiscus Mule (play on the moscow mule).  I like their nice selection of reds by the glass.  I don't personally care for sangria, but my friends swear by theirs.  For some reason, many of the bartenders speak French -- my fiance is always chatting away with them. Happy hour here is a joke, though -- they discount a few dollars off a handful of drinks, but everything else on the menu is still full price.  We went here once for "happy hour" and ended up with a $150 bill.  Proceed at your own risk.   We've also been here for their charcuturie plates and cheese plates, dinner once (yummy) and brunch once (loud, but yummy) but every time the bill surprises us.  This is NOT a cheap neighborhood place.  I guess we are paying for convenience since it's right around the corner from us.
This place is a solid 4.5 stars. I came here with a few girlfriends the other night for dinner and would definitely like to come back, especially knowing they do dollar oysters from 5-7 everyday! Love the simple yet cozy decor here - the weathered exposed brick walls have character, the mirrored walls and marbled tabletops add a bit of class. For starters, we decided to share the burrata, black bass tacos, lobster cakes and Portuguese octopus. Amazing! The burrata was like a twist on a caprese salad, a big chunk of creamy and rich burrata cheese on top of thick sliced tomato with a few dots of pesto on the side. The black bass tacos were good, nothing too unique about them other than the nice refreshing pea shoots on top. Lobster cakes were good too, though they could have been crab cakes and I wouldn't have known the difference. The Portuguese octopus though - the star here among the starters. A nice big smokey octopus leg, deliciously tender, and served alongside some roasted tomatoes and gooseberries which I never had before but discovered I love. The octopus was drizzled with a vinaigrette made from its own ink! For the mains we shared the lobster paella and the seared scallops. Also amazing. The paella had nice big lobster claw and tail meat atop it, as well as some shrimp, clams on the shell and chorizo. The seared scallops were perfectly butter caramelized and delicate. Loved the butternut squash puree it came with too. For dessert we ordered the churros, which were pretty good but definitely not the best I've ever had. I did like the bitter chocolate sauce and dulce de leche it was served with.
Love the food and the atmosphere. Mussel Mondays are a must, the truffle fries are delicious! Kristina the bartender is great, super friendly, quick and knowledgeable. While the space is small they make good use of it and there's a chill vibe in there. Reservations are strongly recommended because of the space. I had my birthday brunch here a couple of months ago and enjoyed every moment of it! The food is delicious and at $29 for an entree and 3 champagne cocktails is a great value.
Barrio 47 is the love potion. Warning: Do not bring that girl here unless you want her to fall in love bruh. You heard it here first, so you can't say no one warned you. It's full on super sexy in here. Made for the romantic. Bartenders are also very cool, and engaging. The cocktails are on point. Shoot for the NEW FASHION. I'd suggest falling through somewhat late, so its not crowded. And try some small plates. The croquettes were goowd! And the mac-n-cheese was fiyah. I was thoroughly impressed all around. Taste: 9 Quality: 10 Presentation: 9.25 Service: 10 Cleanliness: 10 Aesthetics: 9 Atmosphere: 10 Comparative: 10 Personal Opinion: 9.5 Overall: 9.64 (A)
My boyfriend and I took my parents who were visiting from Upstate.  I probably would not have chosen this restaurant if I had known about the style of seating.  We were put at the end of a long shared table with stools.  The space is small and you will definitely rub elbows with your neighbor.  However, the staff was accomodating and found my father a bar stool with back support. The food and drinks made up for the cramped quarters.  I would suggest trying one of the cocktails on the menu.  Every dish we ordered was excellent.  My salmon was grilled just right and the short ribs were tender and full of flavor.  If you like a spicy cocktail, try the EL Diablo.   I look forward to trying the happy hour later this year.
Although I haven't tried the food as of yet I felt the need to point out how amazing the sangria was! The menu says it all "many try but few succeed in replicating the authentic Spanish potion" and I couldn't have said it better myself, never had anything like it! It is so deliciously fruity and the hint of cinnamon after taking it down is just amazing. I can't wait to go back and have some more, with a meal this time. But I do highly suggest their happy hour specials! The sangria is only $7 a glass!
I've been meaning to write this for many many months but now is the best time since Barrio47 is celebrating their 2 Year Anniversary!!!   Ive been coming here religiously since April because of the fantastic food, tasty drinks and the amazing staff.  They're attentive, talented, super friendly & really love what they do!!  I always have a hard time choosing what to eat since I love everything. I recommend this place to everyone I meet that has exceptional taste & loves a night out. It's perfect for intimate dinners and for both starting & ending a night with great friends!! Congratulations Barrio47!  Cheers to the next 20 years!!!
I am constantly recommending this place to my friends . Here is why: Brunch: 29 dollars for three brunch cocktails and entree. I ordered the Lobster Cakes Benedict  and they were delicious! They were accommodating to our big party and were efficient with their service. Dinner: I went for a friends birthday and she loved every moment. We started with great cocktails. She had the Barrio Especial and I had the Dark and Stormy. Both drinks were amazing. We had the hanger steak, croquettes and truffle fries. The food was flavorful! We were sitting next to the owner and when he heard it was my friends birthday he gave us a special birthday shot! We had tasty churros for dessert which came out with a sparkler for her big day! Overall: The establishment is long and narrow but they do a good job at using their space. This place is on the smaller side so for a large group make a reservation. Seating at bar is limited. If you are looking for a spot to just grab a drink or enjoy a nice meal stop by Barrio 47. Great vibe and I love their brick walls !
Walked in at 8:03pm for an 8pm reservation. Waited 40 minutes for our table. We didn't really mind though because the food was great and it was a nice night. However, the hostess came to our table while we were still finishing dinner and demanded that we either leave or change tables so they could sit another party... because we were "late for our reservation." Then an army of servers appeared from thin air and cleared our plates. We weren't even offered a dessert menu. Went from definitely coming back to never going again in about two minutes.
While it doesn't look like much from the outside, Barrio 47 is clutch for weeknights when everything else in Greenwich / West Village is packed.   I've been here a few times with friends, and really enjoyed the tapas we ordered - just keep in mind they're on the super-tiny side. Lobster Cakes, Burrata, and the truffle fries all stood out.  Great sangria too.
Hrm 3 or 4 stars. Whatever, the waitress was cute. John and Yunji, a now happily married couple graciously treated us to a pre-fixe lunch here. The menu we got was a slightly altered version of the 40 dollar pre-fixe menu found on their website, so I don't know the exact pricing. Barrio 47 is a small bar/restaurant. It is characterized by a huge igloo shaped red brick oven, and a small open view kitchen. If you sit at the right spots, you can actually see your food sizzling in the frying pan. Every step of the cooking process is shamelessly performed in your face from taking out the raw ingredients to plating the finished entrees. The food is good, but value is just so-so.  The appetizers and dessert are shared, which cut into the overall value. Appetizers: Apple/pear croquettes - the sweet apple and pear pairing made the insides taste like a pie. It was interesting, but not particularly impressive. Mozarella / tomatoes - ah, the classic combination. A huge chunk of fresh mozarella sat on top of 2 slices of tomatoes. The mozarella was amazing. But again its one of those things where one just cannot go wrong. mushroom coca - essentially a mushroom flatbread. Generous mushroom toppings made everything mushroomy. Edges of the coca was burnt to a friendly pure-fkn-black. Entree: I got the hanger steak with rosemary baby potatoes... which was just potatoes. It comes sliced. For some reason I just can't learn to love sliced steak. There must be some man-factor to getting a huge piece of meat and slicing it yourself. Also it wasn't fatty enough. Dessert: Churros! These are tiny churros, not the bigmongous ones you find in subway stations. They come with dulce de leche and hot choco dips. I felt there just weren't enough churros to go around. The service was friendly. The waitress had a french accent and called me monsieur, prompting some confusion ("I thought this is Spanish cuisine?") I enjoyed the food (thanks John and Yunji!). But if I hafta pay for my own tab, I would probably look elsewhere for a fancy pre-fixe lunch.
During a West Village themed month, I went to several restaurants for drinks and libations every Saturday and Sunday. No wonder I gained 10 pounds that Spring! Barrio 47 is a cozy, cocktail bar that could be easily missed unfortunately as it is located in that the Village is known for. They have a great brunch deal (well for the area... I mean it is the Village after all): One entree plus three champagne cocktails for $29. And with options like Lobster Cakes Benedict, Shakshuka and Merguez Sausage Hash, you'll be more than satisfied with your selection. I had to have the lobster of course; the lobster cakes were absolutely wonderful! Stuffed with chunks of sweet and juicy fresh meat, very little breading and overflowing with delicious flavoring. I chose my entree wisely. Now onto the booze... the drinks were a little too sweet for my liking... but still, it was a good ratio of fresh juice to liquor. Champagne options were:  Mimosa, Kir Royal, The Passionate (fresh squeezed passion fruit puree) and Eva (housemade hibiscus extract). I had a Mimosa and the Blood Orange plus the Passionate. I think next time I'll just ask for bubbly straight up since that is ultimately more enjoyable for my personal palate. Plus, I just read that three glasses of bubbly a week will boost my memory. I'm going to just replace the word "week" with "one hour time period" and hope for the best. Although I loved my fare at Barrio 47, one waitress turned me off completely from the experience. She charged us for an extra drink (which I am pretty sure NEVER got refunded on our credit cards... ugh) and she kept awkwardly hovering around us while we were talking. Then she would ask how our drink was when we hadn't obviously even touched it yet. It was just awkward... so, so awkward... almost as bad as painfully-stupid-men-hitting-on-you awkward. I would come back (especially at night for cocktails and tapas!) but I pray I don't have to deal with her again. If not for her I would definitely have given my first time at Barrio 47 four stars.
We dined here on Friday night and had a memorable night. Nelson was our server and was very nice, although he made an error at the end of our meal by mishandling my method of payment (things happen), I still can't deny the quality experience I had dining there. We started by ordering 2 "Diablo"cocktails which were tasty and nicely presented w/ a skewered habanero pepper, but definitely had a kick. Our appetizer, the bacon & pear croquettes, were one of those dishes where one bite invites the next bite. We then went on to order the Grilled Salmon and the 11oz. Ribeye. The salmon was fantastic and served with roasted brussel sprouts and a shaved fennel & sun dried tomato salad. The ribeye was cooked to perfection and served with a maple bacon & parmesan mac & cheese that was to die for. We finished our meal w/ their Lava Cake which any sensible person would love. What you get as a result is exceptional cuisine in a sexy environment that warms you right to your very toes.
Great for drinks or dinner. Ambiance is hip and sophisticated. Bartenders are always very friendly. Amazing cocktails -- they are a little pricey at 14 per specialty cocktail, but oh boy are they tasty. Dinner menu is fantastic! And the Farm to Fire on Tuesdays is a fantastic way to get through the week. Great cuts of meat. Wonderful raw oysters and clams that change seasonally. And the wines are lovely.
I have eaten here three times now and food is always delicious and the servers usually very attentive. I love the Barrio Especial cocktail with passion fruit. However the last time we are there, they failed to tell us that we only had the table for 1h 45min. ! I think that was a big minus as we wanted to enjoy another drink before moving on but instead the waiter had to rush us through our desserts and out of the restaurant to make room for his new reservation.
Had dinner with six friends here with shared plates. Fantastic food, everything deserved 5 stars. Great vine selection. Excellent ambiance, lots of french speaking folks there. a bit overpriced and portions can be a touch bigger though.
Came for happy hour, stayed for dinner. Happy hour- the bartender (possibly manager) was very friendly, making sure we liked the wines before committing.  The sangria was good but a little too heavy for a hot summer evening. (It's more a winter sangria if that makes any sense!) Dinner- our waiter was also very friendly.  We ended up splitting the burrata (ok), the croquettes (really good), oven roasted chicken (good but nothing special), short rib fettuccine (very good) and a side of patatas bravas (very good).  Oh and churros for dessert.   Overall it was a very good dining experience with good food and good service, and I would come again.
AWFUL experience dining at Barrio 47 last weekend. I made a reservation for 6 people at 7:30 pm and we were promptly seated at our table. We were given this long communal table with bar stools (no back rest?!) and I asked our hostess if we can get another table/chairs with backrest instead. That was a no go - fine, whatever. Once we all sat down, there was a sudden rush to get our drinks and food order. We asked for a few minutes to go through the menu, but couldn't understand why we were interrupted 3 times ("Are you ready to order yet?") within a span of 5 minutes. The whole experience was so rushed...at one point the busboys were reaching between our arms to take away the plates we were still eating from. No joke! We ordered the last round of drinks and paid our bill. As soon as we were done signing the checks, the hostess came around to tell us to please clear the table since the next party was waiting. We would've been happy to do so since Saturday nights are a busy time for restaurants in New York, however 4 out of 6 of us were still finishing our drinks and it was only 9:45 pm. We politely told her we will finish our drinks and leave soon thereafter. The hostess raised her eyebrows at us and walked away without a word, but our server came back in 10 mins and asked that we must leave because they only reserve tables for 2 hours for a dining party. SAY WHAT?? Why wasn't there a mention of this when we first sat down? How about a little courtesy and say we are extremely sorry for this? Correct me if I'm wrong, but which decent restaurant expects a party of 6 to finish their drinks, apps, main course, and dessert and leave in 2 hours? Finally, the restaurant owner came out and said this is how restaurants in New York have to run their business, and that we are  being uncooperative. We left immediately because none of us wanted to create a scene, and were way too miffed about a restaurant spoiling what was otherwise a lovely evening out with friends. It is really sad to me that restaurants like these do not understand the first rule of customer service - treat your customers politely. From the hostess to the server, everyone was just exceptionally rude to us and would not apologize for their mistake. Understand that you cannot overbook your restaurant to make more money on weekend nights because ultimately you end up pissing off everyone -  those you are asking to leave, and those who waited 40 mins for a table. I'm certainly never coming back here again. Then again, I won't need to because this place is just not going to be around for long with this level of service.
We arrived right when happy hour started & they just opened. The hostess greeted us with a great smile and we decided to sit at the bar. The Bar has only 8 stools and 1 small 2 window table top. It is a very tiny place but looked romantic so when it started getting busy we were practically on top of each other. We were greeted with a blonde bartender, she didn't really smile & there was no welcome from her. Started w/ red wine & hubby had a Stella then we ordered oysters. I was happy until they gave me tomato sauce & called it cocktail sauce! She could have explained to me they didn't have but just handed to us and went back on her phone. At one point, I did see her & an employee rolling their eyes when I looked out the window. By this time, the bar's service sucked so we left. If I return, I will sit at a table. The waiter there seemed legit & very happy but the bartender did ruin the experience for us. She was too cool, an icy chill is what I was left with.
Amazeballs good food in a South Beach-ish lounge...  Dark, swank, exposed bnck, oodles of PYT's in groups sharing the exceptionally well constructed small plates of Charuteries, Appetizers and Tartares. As equatorial as the name and vibe implies, the folks behind Barrio 47's concept are a two siblngs from France. My beloved and I went there on a spur of the moment Saturday night whim and were rewarded with an excellent meal from start to finish. We shared everything including the Fish of the day (Blue Fin Tuna). The very best part the experience from a "Detox Approved" menu standpoint is this innocuous disclaimer in fine print at the bottom of their menu. "Please Let Your server know of any food allergies" If on a food detox or you just wanna eat cleaner, be sure to SPEAK UP and make use of my OMITs and NOTES below. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - TARTARES Atlantic Salmon  $14 Avocado, Jalapenos, Caper Relish Bluefin Tuna  $16 Mango & Tomatoes Salsa, Piquillo Pepper, Cilantro APPETIZERS Barrio Salad  $13 Mix Greens, Avocado, Sungold Tomatoes, Fennel, Olives, Goat Cheese, Dijon Vinaigrette [OMIT: Goat Cheese] Pan-Seared Scallops  $17 Hen-of-the-Wood Mushrooms, Summer Squash Puree, Almond Vinaigrette Portuguese Octopus  $18 Kirby Cucumbers, Cherry Heirloom Tomatoes, Olives, Herbed Yogurt [OMIT: Herbed Yogurt] ENTREES Fish Of The Day M/P [NOTE:  Changes daily - Ask] Grilled Salmon  $26 Summer Ratatouille, Shaved Fennel Salad, Dijon Beurre Blanc [OMIT: DIjon Beurre Blanc] Oven Roasted Chicken  $23 Grilled Asparagus, Patatas Bravas, Mojo Picon [Note: Mojo Picon = Olive oi, paprika, garlic, spices] SIDES: Grilled Asparagus $7 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - *DETOX APPROVED = NO processed sugar, dairy, wheat, wheat-gluten, non-organic, non-fermented soy products, deep fried foods, red meat, shell-fish As always, give me shout if this worked out for you...or if for some reason it didn't.
My fiancee were cruising around on OpenTable searching for a 1,000-point reservation, and we decided to check out Barrio 47 after seeing the decently positive reviews and a menu that seemed promising. It isn't large, with a small bar at the front and larger tables in the back - you're going to be sitting in quite close proximity to someone else, so if you really value having your own personal space, or you'd rather not overhear the life story of a meathead who's on a first date with someone he met online (that was mildly interesting, despite the difficulty of following what exactly he was trying to say), this might not be your place. Our waitress was nice enough, although it definitely like she wanted us to order faster than we did. Starting with the cocktail - I do like my spiced cocktails from time to time, but El Diablo is way overdone. Perhaps there's a reason you have a habanero bobbing in your cocktail, but it's way too spicy - and whatever is rimmed on the glass (I want to say it's chili powder and salt, but it was hard to tell) accentuates the problem even further. I made it about halfway through before not even bothering with the rest. The food started out more promising, though - I really like the large hunk of burrata served on top of large tomato slices and decorated with dashes of pesto, which is an interesting way of incorporating basil into the dish. The croquettes were also quite solid, with the savory chunks of bacon being offset by the muted fruitiness of the pear bits. While both of the appetizers were promising, though, the entrees fell utterly flat with me. The lobster 'paella' was a rather poor excuse for paella; the rice was really bland and mushy to the point where it seemed more like how risotto would be prepared, and the lobster chunks were a bit on the chewy side - not real indicative of freshness. There were bits of flavor here and there when I could find slices of chorizo, but in all, this was highly disappointing. The crab with tomato sauce tasted marginally better, but again - there was really a lack of punchiness to both entrees; neither of them seemed to either have enough salt or good preparation in general. Perhaps brunch (or the other cocktails on the menu) are better, but I probably won't be making my way crosstown to stop by here again. It's a nice space, but unfortunately the food doesn't live up to the cozy, intimate atmosphere that is reminiscent of tapas bars in Spain.
This place is a solid 3 stars, an iffy 4.  Not bad, pretty tasty.   I went for happy hour, and don't be fooled when you get the happy hour menu.  The only items that are actually discounted are the drinks (wine and prosecco, not spirits or cocktails).  The food is all the same price as the normal menu, other than the dollar oysters.   I got a few oysters, and they were quite fresh and lots of flesh.  Not those puny oysters in huge shells that you might get elsewhere.  I also got the beef tartare, which also tasted pretty fresh.  Not the best I've had, but pretty decent.  For my main entree, I got the white truffle lasagna, and it just tasted like regular mushrooms.  I would not recommend the lasagna.  It was alright, but not worth the price.  My friend got the lobster paella.  Very small portion but delicious, and a large amount of seafood.   Didn't try any of the cocktails, since they were still priced at 14 dollars even for "happy hour".  Maybe next time.
Me and my boyfriend visited this place and it was so amazing!!! We love the tacos and paella!! The service was amazing and we love the classy feeling coupled with the amazing food!!! We would definitely go back soon to get this amazing food!!! Very very good we will be back soon!!!
This is a special place!!! amazing drinks and cuisine,i love the view of the wood oven. i always feel comfortable and cozy when am there!! perfect dinner spot.
Very good sangria. I had the Wild Mushroom Coca with truffle oil and it was delicious! The White Truffle Lasagna was good, not great. My friend had the Hanger Steak and it was delicious. Check the weekly specials before going!
Very good sangria. I had the Wild Mushroom Coca with truffle oil and it was delicious! The White Truffle Lasagna was good, not great. My friend had the Hanger Steak and it was delicious. Check the weekly specials before going!
Barrio 47 is an amazing place! I have been going there every other night since the first time I tried the place out. The happy hour is amazing, always get tons of oysters and a new fashion. The food is ridiculously good!!! I've tried just about everything on the menu now and have yet to find something I didn't like. No matter what you have to try the croquettes. As far as the staff, they're all very welcoming and super nice. The bartender Kristina makes the most awesome drinks you will ever have quicker than lightning. I have quickly become a regular there, barrio 47 is my favorite spot to go.
My boyfriend and I are loving the Farm to Fire special dinners on Tuesdays at Barrio 47. This little West Village spot gets five stars in my book for: 1 Star: Great service - the waitress checked on me while I was waiting for my boyfriend, made sure I had a drink and checked in on us enough to make sure we were happy. 2 Stars: The oysters happy hour (5-7PM everyday) you can get $1 oysters! 3 Stars: Farm to Fire Tuesday night dinners - this time around we got the Lamb Chop which was cooked to Rare perfection 4 Stars: The Sangria - the secret is a hint of carbonation and a touch of chocolate! 5 Stars: El Diablo - another delicious and spicy tequila drink served here and my boyfriend's favorite!
Seated in the rear high booths. We were greeted by a huge cockroach crawling up the wall. We told our waiter who got a napkin, but said nothing. Our $12. Bloody Mary's were served with a HUGE piece of untrimmed celery stalk, brown marks on the edges. I couldn't taste vodka. We changed our order last minute to 2 med-rare burgers. They came very well done and served with our original order, they never canceled it. Nothing was offered for our cockroach sighting or well done burgers.
4.5. A cute, charming spot away from the hustle and bustle of meatpacking, it's a surprise that not many people come here for their fantastic happy hour.  From 5-7, you get discounted Stella beer, white/red wine, prosecco or sangria and $1 oysters.   Sangria was our choice. At first glance, you wonder why a sangria like this would cost $14 during non-HH (it's $7 during HH), but once you take a sip, you'll know why.  Complex and rich in flavor, the sangria is not a cheap, simple drink at all.   We took advantage of their oyster special and also tried their patatas bravas, burrata and the wild mushroom coca flat bread.  The bravas and burrata were delicious and perfect, but unfortunately, the mushroom flat bread lacked flavor.  While there was plenty of mushrooms, I was expecting more truffle paradise-- those of you who love truffle flavored food know what I mean. Aside from the flat bread, everything else was amazing including the service. Foursquare users will be happy to know that there are wonderful specials depending on the day/time you check in. We had a complimentary shot of their VIP 47-- the best shot I ever had!
Exceeded my expectations! Sat at the bar for over four hours drinking and eating with friends.  Started during happy hour finished a bit past eleven. Great happy hour drink specials - the sangria is delicious and definitely sneaks up on you! Saw a number of folks enjoying the El Diablo. But, don't eat the pepper! We shared a couple of entrees. All were wonderful and full of delightful and unexpected flavors. The hanger steak was the overwhelming favorite. But the lobster paella was outstanding as well. I'll be back. The brunch menu looked terrific and the Monday mussels special is on my list to check out next week.
The food here was great! I am a huge fan of the Burrata Mozarella Salad! That little bit if pesto was delicious! Was not impressed with our waiter Raquel. He was not super friendly and was not very accommodating for our large party.  Expected much better service!
So good. In all realms. Food and service and drink. Fantastic. Loved it...and seems like a fun spot for a group. Would love to go back.
I do not understand all of the good reviews of this restaurant. The ambiance is nice I guess? But the food was totally bland, not cooked correctly, and just generally not very good. This is especially upsetting since the entrees range from $25 - $30. I had the truffle & ricotta raviolis, which included under-cooked pasta with no discernible ravioli filling in them, covered in oil, with what appeared to be and tasted like canned carrots and asparagus poured on top. No attempt at a good presentation, whatsoever. My boyfriend had the scallops with butternut squash puree. The scallops were overcooked, but the seasoning was good on them. The squash was pretty tasty- the only item that was as tasty that night. I'm giving it two stars because maybe their other entrees are better, but overall I would not recommend this restaurant.
They provide special cocktail for the World Cup. Several big tv and couple of friends, good place to enjoy the football and the beer in this summer time
I've stopped in for many occasion over the last 6 mos--happy hour, dinner, brunch, late night cocktail. This is a delightful little discovery--a casual, quiet haven. I always sit up front at the community table, the bar, or the front table. The ambiance in the back is slightly off,  feels like a different restaurant.  My friends are usually late to meet me, so luckily the bartenders and Roman are always fantastic hosts. :-) Nice selection of signature cocktails; most unique is the El Diablo with all its delicious spiciness.  They also have a good selection of wine.  Barrio 47's descriptions should go beyond it's listing as "Italian" to also include a unique mix of Spanish and French. The chef is creative. Their happy hour oysters are a good deal, but the croquettes and pan-seared scallops are my favorite appetizers. I'd also highly recommend the braised short ribs, wood-fired rib-eye, and truffle mashed potatoes.  A big miss: I've not been in for their Farm to Fire menu yet, but will one of these days!
You: seeking a hip but not too trendy spot to indulge in a delicious and well-crafted cocktail that's swiftly delivered and priced to please. Me: advising the location Barrio 47 on experience. Short but sweet (and sometimes spicy) menu of habanero infusions and hibiscus syrups, sans the sad overuse of overly branded crappy spirits, the ubiquitous flavored martini or the sticker shock sometimes deemed expected at bars of quality. Before an event, I met a friend for a quiet conversation and a cocktail, both of which were easily procured. The music is not loud, the acoustics made for easy communication and the bartender knew when to check in and how to craft a proper drink. A seat at the bar was easily found at 7pm on a Thursday, and we were able to head out to our evening plans in perfect timing.
Everyone gets the pre-fix but the choices are very good. Plus you can also order more food from menu. We came here for a birthday dinner and sat at the long, shared table in the middle of the restaurant.  It looks small from the outside and is very narrow inside but it goes back pretty far so you can sit and enjoy food.  The bar occupies the front and the drinks were made very well. The menu starts with a shared appetizers but the table gets enough and they gave plenty to go around. (Except the fresh mozzarella, i thought it could of been a bigger piece) The main meal consisted of a choice: Steak, salmon, chicken or pasta.  I chose the steak. The steak was cooked well and was a decent portion. The service here is excellent.  They constantly checked up on us and my water glass was never empty. Very friendly. The atmosphere was great. Everyone around seemed to be having a good time and I loved the open kitchen so we could watch the chefs cook all the orders. Everything was good but its not my preference to be forced into a pre-fix, and then add on if you want something different.  But i would recommend this place if asked.
This may be my new fav Spanish/tapas joint in the West VIllage. 1. Attractive hostesses (the two of them looked liked models) were totally nice 2. Sweet-looking waitress was very affable and reco'd deelish wine/food options 3. 2-top solo table by the window was so dope (away from the masses and faces the street) 4. Dungeneous king crab with cucumber and avocado on Spanish flatbread was redic good 5. Potuguese octopus was huge, juicy and charred...holy awesome 6. Mayan shrimp was grilled to perfection...I even sucked the savory guts outta the shrimp heads..mmmmmmm...my date could only stare at me in horror 7. Decor was on-point...great for a date and a crew (there's a communal table to get rowdy at). Perfect resto for a 3rd date...you do know what happens on a 3rd date, right?
Met friends for a birthday dinner. It's one of those places that make you feel very new york, the design, the music, the narrow body and the community style tables. It's like dinner sexy. If that makes any sense... The food was okay, I thought their appetizers/small plates were fine but my pasta was bland. They had fresh mushrooms and squash, but as often happens in pappardelle or gnocchi dishes, they don't salt the pasta water and they never season after. Leaving you with traces of truffle oil but nothing else. It is on the pricier side for food that is okay, which is why it's a high 2/low 3 for me. However, the raucous nature of the place, made it a good spot to celebrate and the staff was friendly and accommodating.
Came here on Sat night with a large party to celebrate a milestone birthday.  The decor is very chic and trendy, compared to the laid back wine bar/pizza parlor feel of the former business in this space (Pasita).  Lots of candle light and contemporary mood lighting, which almost gave it a lounge/club sort of feel.  The gradual emergence of thumping house music only further solidified that sensation as the night wore on.  The space is long and narrow, but it's set up fairly well to maximize what they've got to work with. We sat at a long, communal table that runs the length of the middle third of the room.  The bar area takes up about the first third after you enter, and the back third is comprised of several smaller tables and the huge wood-burning pizza oven and food prep area.  It's all open, so you can see everything, which I like.  The owners were flitting about quite a bit and kind of hovering at times, perhaps because we were a party of 10, or maybe just because they are still relatively new.  Whatever the case, It wasn't overbearing, but I did find it a tad overzealous and mildly annoying.  Overall, the service was attentive and solid.  We had organized a pre-fixe menu in advance, so there really wasn't a whole lot of work for them to do, except for keeping us good and drunk, which they accomplished. We had a couple different flat breads and a grilled octopus salad as starters, all of which were delicious.  The octopus was cooked perfectly, and seasoned with a nice burst of citrus, paired with avocado.  Mmm.  The mains were salmon, hanger steak or chicken.  I managed to sample all of them, and I have to say, all of them were very good.  Aside from the one pregnant woman in our party who had to send back her dish to be cooked a bit more, everyone's dishes were executed very well and I would have gladly eaten any of them.  I found the chicken to be particularly juicy and tender, served on a bed of truffle mashed potatoes, if memory serves.  Again, mmm. Dessert was crème brûlée and a molten chocolate torte filled with raspberry ganache and vanilla ice cream.  Both were outstanding.  You love how I hooked up those accent marks in crème brûlée, didn't you?  The drinks must have been über (accent!) expensive, because we all had an idea of what the total should have been based on the menu arrangement, but all expectations were blown out of the water when the bill came.  It was really f*cking expensive!  We probably should have questioned it, but honestly, when there is a big party and people are drinking like vikings with reckless abandon, wily servers often have an easy time of fleecing their patrons with minor effort.  Consider ourselves duped, I guess. Don't know that I'll rush back here, but it was a fun time and the food/drinks were all very good.  It got very jammed up from around 9 on, so if you're rolling with a group, reservations are highly recommended, if not required.
I had originally made the reservation for 4 for 715 PM on a Saturday and arrived early without having changed the time or party to 2 people. They were so accommodating and seated us promptly about 45 minutes early! It was pretty empty around the time that we arrive, but by the time we left was definitely filling up. We ordered the Oysters to start, which were decently priced at 3$ each. My girlfriend ordered "El Diablo," which was soo tasty! definitely recommended. We added the Croquettes, artichoke flatbread and the Buratta mozz as well which all came out fresh and were delicious!! The staff is super friendly (they didn't mind charging my iPhone behind the host stand, without hesitation!) and our waiter was very attentive. Definitely good vibes and decent ambiance. Overall, a little bit pricey for the portions but definitely to be expected in the West Village. I would probably return and suggest it to anyone looking for a quick and tasty meal!
Great drinks and great food. Great deal for a boozy brunch.
We had a 9:30 reservation and did not get seated until 10:10. It is New York so I am used to this but usually you need to wait for a good place. Unfortunately this was not the case. The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the short rib pappardelle and it was arguably the most overcooked short rib I've ever had (my friend ordered the same dish and agreed). I also tried the ravioli and t was pretty terrible. The ambiance is good (hence the 2 stars over 1),busy, fun, good for groups. And the drinks are pretty good. Did I mention once we sat down at 10:10 we didnt actualy get our entrees until 11:30
Its a restaurant. Food is good. Nothing to really recommend, but nothing to push a friend away from this place if they were to say they were going. They had a decent happy hour - they would do $1 oysters and a cocktail of the day, along with some other stuff. But they stopped that. Cocktails are now $14 and there is nothing in the execution or taste or quality to justify it. You can still get $1 oysters, but this isnt  a place to come to get fresh off the boat oysters. This is a place you get the oysters because you are sitting at the bar enjoying happy hour. Which now, sort of sucks. If you could come for the Farm-to-Fire specials, thats the bizness. Otherwise, you can do better.
The gnocchi was ok and so was the hangar steak.  The steak had some parts that were nearly all gristle so I was a bit disappointed in that.  The sauce the steak was marinated in, however, was super delicious. The service and crowd were nice.  It wasn't super busy (I'm guessing because it's a relatively new restaurant).  I wish this place the best - it has a lot of potential.
While I would recommend going back, we did enjoy our meal. Maybe this is because we had great company. We chose this place based on the new heat map from Eater NY. However, I will have to say, that this place doesn't belong on the heat map. The service was really good, but the food was nothing spectacular. We ordered the mushroom and pancetta flatbreads. Those were good, but they weren't great. The rib-eye was ok-good. The mash potato puree was better than the steak...ouch. The truffle ravioli was served al dente....HOLD ON..ravioli should NEVER be al dente...The oysters were ok as well, very grainy. The drinks however were great. The pour was spectacular. He filled our glasses to the rims, refilled them and we had plenty to drink. The place has an awesome vibe. Its a popping place, but the food just wasn't up to par to be on the heat map...
Nope. Cliffs notes version: there are too many great restaurants in NYC and in this area specifically.  There is no reason you have to deal with servers who lie and try to cheat you when you're trying to have a nice date night.  Skip this place. If you're interested: This single-star rating was very avoidable.  Barrio 47 is in a great location, is very cute and trendy on the inside, and actually has pretty good food.  In the end, the poor service ruins it all. Let's start with the positive (my therapist would be so proud).  Like I said, the atmosphere and decor are great.  I love the exposed brick and the intimate environment.  The open kitchen is a nice touch, too.  The food is wonderful: my BF and I got the chorizo flatbread and the burrata salad to start, then shared the mayan shrimp.   Unfortunately, the service was horrendous.  When we walked in, no one helped us for at least 5 minutes, though lots of servers looked over at us and did nothing.  When the hostess did finally come out of the woodwork, she sat us within 5 minutes of our reservation, so that was a plus. When it came time to order drinks, I asked about the "Inspiration Cocktail."  Our waitress said that I could tell the bartender what I wanted, and he would make up a cocktail.  If I didn't like it, he would make another one.  All for $14.  Pretty good deal, right?  Well, I asked for a "champagne-based cocktail", and I got a drink in a martini glass that tasted like flat soda.  Maybe I'm out-of-the-loop when I think that a champagne-based cocktail should come in a champagne glass--or at least not a martini glass--but I wasn't thrilled.  And while I don't usually send back drinks, our waitress made the specific point that I could do this, so I did.  Instead of making the bartender try again, however, I just ordered the cheaper glass of champagne and cut my losses. When the bill came, they charged me for the "Inspiration Cocktail", which is totally fair.  I ran my credit card, but when the receipts came back, it was $12 more expensive.  In fact, our waitress ADDED the glass of champagne to the bill in between giving us the bill and running my credit card.  That's actually called fraud, but I tried not to let the lawyer in me cloud my judgment. Having been a waitress for 3 years, I like to give servers the benefit of the doubt.  So, I told her that the amounts were not the same.  She said, "Oh, yeah, I forgot to add tax."  Lie.  Still, I wasn't going to get mad (unlike the BF); I just wanted her to fix it.  She said she had to get her manager.  Ten minutes later, no manager, no updated bill, nothing.  So, the bf found the manager and explained the situation; the manager clearly had no idea what had happened.  Finally, we got everything sorted out, but no apologies.  I added a 17% tip; coming from a former waitress, that's like a big middle finger.  Good thing my boyfriend wasn't paying, because he would have left her nothing.
We love this place small, cozy and chic! Excellent food! Try the croquettes, sea bass tacos, short rib fettucini, grilled sea bass, the paellas and NY steak!!! Also the truffle french fries are delicious!! Had an incredible dinner!
I know the owners and they have a very cool place for Drinks and/or Dinner. Great Menu, wood burning Pizza oven. Atmosphere is cool for a date or just to hang with friends. Very initimate setting. I recommend highly !!!
I dont usually give out 5 star ratings. I hardly ever do. Few restaurants meet these standards. But Barrio 47 you rocked my world! My friend celebrated her birthday here we had a rather larger party - 25 + people. We were seated promptly - none of that wait for your whole party to arrive BS. We had a long picnic like table towards the front of the restaurant. Our waiter was this fabulous looking young man who was super duper attentive. The food was good - we had a pre fix menu including cocktails $60. I had the Lobster paella and it was delightful! People complained about not enough Lobster but I thought the rice to lobster ration was perfection. The best part of the restaurant is the owner. He was ready to party - after dinner was done they brought us a few rounds of shots on the house and they pumped the music up and the table dancing began. We had all planned to leave after dinner and go somewhere else but there is no need. I think this restaurant is ideal for large parties and they are so gracious and attentive you won't want to leave! Also they have a DJ
Group dinner of 26 plus a few last minute additions and the staff was beyond excellent. Food was delicious and atmosphere perfect. Usually with large groups something is left lacking, but in this case it was an all around five star experience. Well done Barrio 47! I will be back!
Great spot for sunday brunch! $29 dollars special for 1 entre and 3 drinks!
Kristina the bartender is amazing! She just made us a wonderful ginger passion shot that absolutely knocked my friend and my socks off! So so good!! Will come back again soon!!
Entertaining a Norwegian friend one night, I knew I had to take it to the next level with the drinks.  I searched yelp for cocktails, and as we were West, Barrio 47 came up high as a popular spot. I ordered a Rye Charlie Bronson, and learned that I probably can't handle the liquor that Mr Bronson could, but I sure can try.  We went slow... One thing really stood out for us.  After we paid I realized I had *NOT* checked in with Yelp, so I fired up the app, and did my duty.  Then what comes up but a free shot offer.  I thought, can we use this?  I showed my friend who proceeded to grab my phone and march right up to the bar.   Well the bartender was all hands.  Sure he said, and then mixed up three fine liquor shots which were like mini drinks in and of themselves. If you like upscale dining, cocktails and pretty faces, look no further than this west village haunt.
Went there for weekend brunch. The food was satisfactory; it had a comfort food quality to it. The waitstaff was attentive. What I really do not like is that they have a DJ that starts playing loud music around 2PM. I came here to eat and chat with my friends, not go clubbing. Soon after the "DJ" hooked up his mac-laptop/midi controller, the unnecessarily loud repetitive bass-heavy house music started, I had trouble hearing my friends, I had to raise my voice, what started out as a leisurely brunch came to a screeching halt as the obnoxious music started pounding into my skull. The fact that we were situated directly below the speaker did not help. The city is bombarded with noise all the time, I don't need to go to these kinds of places where there's no respite from daily noise. Avoiding next time to search for quieter brunch restaurants that don't assault my hearing.
Try the lobster cake Benedict. It was amazing not to mention the very addictive truffle fries. Service was awesome. You can't beat the quality of food especially when 3 cocktails at included all for $29
I've been here a few times now, and love it.  Simply love it.  Specifically, I love Calvin (a bartender) and Anna (a server).   The bar area, which is right at the front of the restaurant, can be misleadingly crowded, so 'don't be scurrrrred' if the place appears to be full.  Chances are there will be room for you at one of the communal tables.   I highly recommend the foie gras terrine appetizer, as well as the cheese trio.  For main courses, the rack of lamb is very good, and always ask what the specials are.  :-)  For brunch, the soft curled scrambled eggs never disappoint.  And if you're wondering what a "coca" is, it's a flatbread (there, now you know). Now, let's talk drinkies.  Brunch offers a host of bloody mary options.  I ain't gonna lie: You can't go wrong with any of them.  The Beetdown tastes as though there is no liquor in it - "beet" careful.  The classic is delicious, and smokey Martha will knock your socks off.  For non-brunch grown-up drinks I recommend the hibiscus mule (like a Moscow mule, but with homemade hibiscus syrup) and the El Diablo (their "margarita" made with vanilla and chile-infused tequila).  For non-alcoholic drinks:  If you order iced tea, they brew the tea and ice it for you - so it takes a bit longer, but it's soooo good. Service has been a bit spotty in my four visits, but Anna always makes up for it if someone else has slipped.  I also recommend dining at the bar - not only is Calvin a great bartender, he's interesting and super easy to talk to.   Visit here.  Soon.
I have been here a few times, the most recent being last night, and I'm wondering why I don't visit here more often.   I ordered a drink called Barrio Especial, nice and sweet + tart all at the same time. We also had an onion fritter appetizer (don't recall what it was called) but it was good. A couple of months back they had a one day special where they were serving halibut tacos, and the bartender mentioned that they may consider adding that item to the menu.  Well I'm still waiting for those halibut tacos because not only were they banging, but it would add a little more variety to what they have to offer.  That's my 2 cents. I'm sure I'll be back here again this Summer.
Terrific food, good cocktails, great ambiance, attentive service, and zero wait for brunch at 2pm on a Sunday.
Came here with two friends from out of town and had a great time. It was the perfect spot for an intimate dinner in a trendy little place. Pros: The food was pretty good. We ordered two flat breads, the mushroom and chorizo. The chorizo was shredded on top so it wasn't so heavy which was perfect. The mushroom however was much better (to my surprise). Both my friend and I had a fish dish. One was the sea bass which I loved and the special of the day. Our other friend had the pasta which looked pretty boring. The decor is very nice. It's very chic and trendy and I didn't think the tables were that close to each other as other reviewers mentioned. I wouldn't recommend this place for groups but for parties of 4 or less it's perfect. The drinks! I had 3 of the hibiscus special. It was like hibsicus reduction with vodka and something else. Very light and so good....when you could get the waitress to remember to bring another over. Cons: The service was a bit mixed. At first very nice but the waitress and waiters got a little flakey as the night progressed. We asked for a drink and had to remind them several times. The place is not that big and there were two bartenders working the small bar. No excuse. Would def return.
The bar program is outstanding. Inventive and tasty drinks abound. The happy hour is one of the best in the city. Every day Kelvin has a new drink that will blow your mind. Friendly staff that will go above and beyond to make you happy and ensure a good visit. The food is also fun and unique with some great flatbreads and entrees. My new favorite place.
Once again, the folks at Barrio 47 nailed it.  The food was amazing, the service was excellent and the atmosphere was great.  Highly recommended.  The fact that they're adding TV's for the Mayweather fight this weekend and the World Cup this summer is awesome.  A+
I will start by noting that the space/decor here was very cool with a sexy vibe.  Nice spot for a date or casual bite with friends.  I came with some co-workers for dinner and the cocktails were so good we were tasting each other's to see what to try next.   We shared a few appetizers and main plates.  The burrata dish was delicious, but then again, it's hard to go wrong with burrata.  The little "Cocas" flatbreads were very good.  Surprisingly, the tomato one was more tasty than the mushroom/truffle.  Foi gras with figs was good as well.  My colleagues liked the octopus salad very much (I don't eat octo). For the mains, the steak was delicious, our favorite dish and while it came with some potatoes, I suggest getting the sidedish of the potatoes beacuse the aoli type sauce on them was delish (they could have used a bit more time in the oven though).  The ravioli were ok and so was the fetucini with seafood.  Another hit with the group was the Mayan Shrimp which had a nice, flavorful couscous with olives underneath.   Desserts were good, but most were not my style, but that's where personal taste comes into play. I would definitely head back here again.  Much more to try . . .
This place is fabulous! I've heard about it before but finally had  chance to venture in this week. They have a great mixology bar, very interesting menu, really great ambiance and altogether a great NYC spot. The bartender is awesome, the hostess Lucy is a doll and the manager Roman is one of the friendliest I've encountered to date. I had a speciality drink with ginger beer which was fantastic, loved the dungeneous crab flatbread, cheese plat and delicious lamb which I am very picky about. It isn't a huge venue and very affordable considering its location which i think makes it one of those NYC gems; its very trendy without the pretentiousness.
Fun atmosphere with some communal seating at long tables. Staff was very friendly and attentive, though we went during a what seemed to be a slow week all around the city at the end of summer. Food quality was fine, though nothing struck us as truly exceptional, and same was true for the specialty cocktail menu.
I went for Cinco de Mayo (I know I'm a few months late writing this review). The food, drinks & service were all great. Make sure to check-in on Four Square! They always have check-in specials!
Ate here the other night. Service was fine and the restaurant has a fun layout where the kitchen is right in the dining area. We had the burrata for an appetizer (solid) as well as the charcuterie plate (pretty good). The others in my party had roasted chicken and salmon, both were fine, nothing spectacular. I had the lobster paella, which looked amazing on the menu, but *was one of the worst things I've ever tasted.* I'm not sure it qualified as paella, it was this indistinguishable brown mush with two unpleasantly smokey clams and chunk of dried out lobster tail on top. For dessert the churros were tasty. And the Rioja I had was good. Nothing hugely wrong other than that one dish, but it was so unacceptable that I have to give this place a bad review.
The seafood dishes were delicious (Carmelized scallops, Portuguese octopus, Grilled prawns). My fave fave was the wild mushroom Cocas, a mini thin crust pizza dish. I'm very much about comfort w/ style when I go out to eat. I loved the comfy leather backed bar chairs & velvet banquet seats. The handbag hooks underneath the tables were genius. Loved the warm lighting.
I had high hopes for this place considering the other reviews.  Kinda disappointed, to be honest.  Such slow service!  We sat there and waited... and waited... for the elusive waiter to return.  The food was good, not great; certainly not worth the prices.  And $4.50 for a ginger ale?  Come on.
I really didn't want to like this place. After having a long love affair with the space's former inhabitant Pasita (lovely arepas and pizzas) I was sad to see it replaced. BUT- Barrio 47 is pretty spectacular. Walked in on a Wednesday night around 9pm to a lively packed house. Happened to luck out with a table for 2 and was seated within minutes. It's a great space- attention to detail has transformed the place from what it was under Pasita- large open oven still there but covered in decorative tiles with new polished counters and high tables all around. Feels similar to Boqueria near Union Sq, but with a distinctly West Village vibe. Great wine list- bottles from mid $30's and up. We went all seafood for the dinner so I'll speak to what I know: Get: Caramelized Scallops- served with a warm cauliflower puree- delicious Portuguese Octopus- my favorite dish of the night- perfectly grilled over a bed of avocado, golden raisins and lemon salad Don't: Grilled Prawns- too salty, not enough seasoning on the tails themselves. The saffron rice was the one redeeming element but I'd opt for the Gnocchi or Tagliatelle otherwise. Desert- No clue what this was, but it was amazing. Butternut Squash Ice Cream over a warm banana, strawberry, gnutella mix. Extra points for the service- friendly, informative, with wine and water never empty.
They need to quit telling people, or having their answering service, say theyre open when theyre not. Twice now, once on a Saturday and once on a Sunday, we have called and they said they were open till 3:30 and they werent.
Location (5/5): Very close to Meatpacking, great spot to have cocktails and dinner before going to the bars/clubs in MP. Atmosphere (5/5): Place has a high degree of authenticity. Interior was very well done with nice original wall mural, woodburning oven and great looking bar. Atmosphere is very casual with diverse crowd and music. Food (5/5): Menu has many small to medium-sized items on it, so make sure to order multiple things. I especially like the 'coca's', which are pizza-styled appetizers perfect to share with the rest of the party. Had the rack of lamb as main course, which was one of the best I ever had. Service (3/5): Staff is very friendly (and bartenders are clearly professionals), but they lack some organisation between them. They forgot one item from our order (though it followed fairly quickly) and drinks can time some time before they arrive. Price (5/5): Overall prices are very reasonable and you can easily eat here for 40 dollars per person.
I loved the food and service.  Located in a cool area.  Food was very tasty and reasonably priced.  I went there for brunch and loved the brunch as well.  Good spot.
This place is adorable.  I work nearby and like having a drink there during happy hour.  It's also pretty romantic and could see it as a good date spot.  It was pretty crowded as the night went on and I found the francophone staff to be friendly and reminding me of Paris.  Had the scallop appetizer last time and it was delicious but extremely small, so was my companion's appetizer and so were the plates of most people around us ... but the prices reflect what you'd expect to be fuller portion sizes.  I don't know if I'd make a special trip here if I wasn't already closeby, but highly recommended for a chill glass of wine or two or three.
Entered the bar as a friend was desperately looking for a restroom, and the others in the party chose to stay for a while. The bar is cute, and welcoming, with low candlelight filling the small room. We tried what we thought was the Sangria, some concoction of sorts on the edge of the bar that appeared to be the special. Special it was not. After one sip, I put the drink down and never picked it up again the rest of the evening. 3 Starts for the decor and "feel".
Have been here a few more times and now love it.  The cocktails are fantastic, the long marble table is perfect for socializing all afternoon, and the appetizers like the bacon and pear croquettes and the burrata salad were awesome.  The staff is so friendly and helpful, the wines are good, the sangria is delicious.  Can't wait to go back for one of their farm to fire meat nights.
My friends and I met up here just for a few drinks on a Sunday night, so it wasn't busy at all, which I'm sure made the experience a lot better. The place is small, so I can imagine it getting a little too congested when it gets busy. The servers were friendly, and the drinks were pretty delicious, as well as strong. I started with an espresso martini, because of how tired I was from the whole weekend. It definitely crept up on me later that night. We also had some Old Fashions that were smooth and strong. I liked the ambiance of the place. It provided for a good catch-up with an old friend.
really disappointed the second time around.  Except for a really amazing bartender whose smile lit up the room the rest of the staff seemed to be disinterested.  Nothing bad just not a good vibe and the food was suprisingly bland.  I'll try it again because it is a great space and nearby so hopefully it was an off night all around.
Great spot love the COD = cocktail of day fun cocktails made by awesome mixologist  appetizer are fresh made in wood burning pizza oven (you got to see it ) food is plentiful and delicious cooked to perfection  bring a date or friends a great spot to hang out. The owners a super friendly and their to make sure you have a great time.
Met my gal pal and my hubbie here on Weds. about 6:45 right before happy hour ended and had a great experience! Coco the bartender treated us like we were the only patrons in the room.... Really great spot to meet for Drinks after work. Will definately return.
This place was great.  Loved the happy hour oysters.  Cool bartender.  Great flatbread pizzas.  Would definitely go back for dinner.
Very cute little place.  I would recommend going as weekdays as weekends get crazy with annoying people. Really tasty apps and friendly staff.
Barrio47 is the a great go-to for after work drinks, brunch, or dinner with friends or a lover, or just to look a great looking French men and women. Kristina is their amazing bartender, so make sure you ask her for the "ginger" drink ( I always forget the actual name)! Plus they have a great Monday special. A pot of mussels, truffle fries, and a glass of wine or IPA beer for $20! That's right! Twenty bucks. That's less than dry bar! Enjoy!
we had walked by a few times and it always seemed super fun. the music was excellent. pop-ish latin rock and pop music from the late nineties through today. 5 stars. our server was horrendous. horrendous. mistaked drink orders, didnt know the menu AT ALL (simple questions), brought the wrong appetizers, was not around to retake our drink orders etc. He comped us a drink and dessert to make up some of the distress but he was really subpar. the food was pretty decent. the crab coca was only ok. the tomato was only ok too. the buratta was good not great. the main shrimp dish was ok - the shrimp was overcooked, but the salmon looked delicious as did the lamb. the best piece of the meal was the patatas bravas and the flan. i would return but will not have that server- that was ridiculous. prices were decent, meal was solid not amazing.
Outstanding staff and food! Cocktails are delicious!
The food was ok but nothing special. The dish I ordered (scallops) was a bit small and it was still cold in the middle. I realize that scallops aren't supposed to be fully cooked but it was a turn off.
I was excited to try this place with my girlfriends, but the food was average and small portions. It also took 30 minutes to get a cocktail, which isn't a great way to start off a meal. They weren't quite apologetic enough, considering the entire restaurant (maybe 40 people tops?) also had trouble getting drinks, they screwed up the check of the couple next to us. The waitstaff seemed like they had no experience dealing with a Friday night NYC dinner crowd. Only half of our party even liked the drinks. The hibiscus and sangria drinks were good, but one of my friends paid $14 for a "cocktail" that looked (and tasted) like a shot of whiskey. And although the first El Diablo was good, the second one twas made really poorly and was too spicy to drink. If I'm going to wait 30 minutes for a $15 cocktail, it should at least be worth it. On the bright side, it was a good crowd and a nice ambiance. Better service would do this place a world of good. I won't be coming back.
This is a tiny little bar that offers a fun atmosphere. The food was delicious. I had the truffle lasagna and my husband had the rib-eye steak. Both dishes rocked! The wine was delicious and the service was spot on. However the wait is a killer... Our group had reservations for 8 PM and we weren't seated until 9-ish. Still, we had a wonderful time and I would recommend this bar, especially for a nice date night!
Barrio 47 is a must when you get to NY. The bartender Kristina is amazing!! The owner who is friendly and most importantly the food is delicious. I only wish there was a Barrio 47 in LA. Thank you for the great times!
