I really enjoyed this restaurant, both the food and just the sort of decor and atmosphere.  The place is exactly what you would expect from the name - it's sort of classy and quaint with this low lighting and nice maroon and earth-toned color scheme. The pasta was great (I had the penne in vodka sauce...really good)...looking forward to trying the seafood or duck next time I'm there.
We had a party of 17. We called ahead and asked if they served family style and they said yes, which is the only reason why we walked 15 blocks to come here!  We got here, ordered, the food came out regularly single portioned they just placed it in the middle of the table. The service was as if they already assumed they were going to get a bad tip. I will never return here, regardless of the fresh and delicious food.
4.5 Stars Very enjoyable dinner all around
FOUR: # of hours spent at Arte THREE: # of hours before receiving our entrees TWO (and change): # of hours before receiving our appetizers ZERO: level of customer service We had a 7:30pm reservation this past Saturday night, and based on Yelp reviews/a little googling, I was expecting to enjoy my dinner at Arte.  As you can gather by the uno rating, that did not happen.  In fact, I don't recall being this disappointed in a dining experience in years - or waiting this long for food, or this freaking hungry.   We did have a large party of 12, and my friends kept hypothesizing that maybe our size was throwing them off, but how much different is prepping 12 apps/entrees for one party than for, say, three tables of four?  I also want to note that while there were 12 of us and most were drinking wine, we could not have been better behaved (I didn't drink, so I assessed this without wine goggles), so large party rowdiness/noise was not a factor. The most appalling part of the night was the lack of service.  I was with a particularly nice bunch of folks, many of whom were catching up with one another, so nobody spoke up to inquire about our food for a good bit.  Once two hours had passed and people were famished/drinking on empty stomachs, we asked - very politely - if our apps were on the way.  Our waiter could not have been more gruff in his responses throughout the night.  He repeatedly cut us off mid-sentence to say that the food was "coming out this second" (it was not), nor did he apologize once throughout our four hour debacle.  He also grew quite aggressive/defensive in speaking with one friend, claiming that my friend was verbally attacking him and that he had "no control" over the situation.   I will say that, ONCE the food actually showed up, it was pretty good, albeit overpriced - I spent $40 on an octopus appetizer and a side of asparagus (which I'm pretty sure came from a can, but I am a weirdo who secretly enjoys mushy vegetables) and no wine.  But let's be real - I would have happily eaten my foot at that point.   They also comped us for one bottle of wine - again, for 12 people - so roughly 1/3 of a pour for everyone. Abbondanza!   Service is everything.  This was the worst.  Go support one of the thousands of NYC restos that will treat paying customers with kindness and respect. PS - Oh, also, it's super loud in there.
This restaurant has character. You dont feel as if you are in a chain restaurant. The staff shows genuine concern and is very helpful. A good selection of fish, chicken, veal and pasta on the menu. And I have visited several times, they always have in addition to the menu. A good selection of  chefs specials. Fireplace is a plus during the winter and a garden room in the back
I am a huge fan of this place.  It is not your everyday Italian restaurant and I would not come here for a wild and crazy girls/ boys night out.  This place is more relaxed and calming.  You walk in, and you feel like you have been transported to an old world restaurant right in the heart of Italy.  It is a little darker, the walls are covered with frescos, the tables are all covered with white linen table clothes, and it is quiet.  The staff are all incredibly nice, and actually "trained".  You are seated correctly, you are presented with the wine list, and then you are not rushed.  In fact, until you look up and signal for the waiter/waitress, you will not be bothered.  Once you have ordered your wine, you are then asked if you are ready to see the dinner menu- again no rush and no pressure.   When your wine arrives, it is poured correctly, and you can't help but feel a bit pampered. Then there is their food menu.  I think I love everything on this menu.  I have been here a few times now, and have yet to order anything I have not liked.  From a seasonal lobster bisque, to their salads (the caprese and caesar are amazing), to their veal scallopini, their pasta primavera... and many many more... They are all actually to die for.  And,once again they are served impeccably. As for desserts- I have had the tiramisu, the italian cheescake and a few others... again, you cannot go wrong.  The tiramisu was my favorite. And, for this whole experience, the prices are really not that bad.  Although not cheap, this place definitely is not expensive or overpriced. Antipasti and salads- anywhere from $9-$14 Pastas- anywhere from $18-24 Meat dishes - $19-36 Basically, I am in love with the food as much as I am with the experience. ALSO- if you are in the area and want to sit and relax at a table outside, they have 2 small tables outside that I like to sit at and order coffee and an antipasti.
This restaurant is somewhat what hidden around the village and is right next to Washington Square Park and NYU. The interior is much bigger than I expected appeared extremely classly. The lighting is a little bit too dim, very much sleep inducing lol. Romantic nonetheless. Good for dates! I highly recommend the Tuna Carpaccio, it was very tasty and fresh. They also offered various daily special fishes which came in full - a full sized fish - which they'll cut open and portion right in front of you. Our server was friendly and helpful in explaining the menu and making appropriate recommendations. The overall experience very pleasant and smooth.
In a city with sooo many restaurants, a restaurant must stand out to go back to.  This is not one of them.  Shorty after we sat we received a plate of friend zucchini and carrot straws...sounds and looks great, but was really greasy.  I'm not going to critic the rest of the food, but all i can say is the food was average, but the service was horrible the nite i was there.  It took forever for drinks, the food was slow (and the restaurant was not crowded) and the waiter just wasn't there for us. Its fine it you re walking by, but dont make it a destination.
Seriously the best Italian food I've ever had. I'm still dreaming of their fettuccine with black truffles--the freshest pasta with the most delicate flavors. What an unexpected surprise. Our service was fantastic too. If you're in the Village, run, don't walk, to this amazing restaurant. You will not be disappointed.
Thanks Yelpers ... was in Greenwich Village dropping off my son at NYU looking for a decent Italian restaurant.  Based on your reviews, walked into Arte (also was around the corner from his dorm) and WOW.  Everything was wonderful.  The atmosphere, the service, the food, the wine!  The place had a real European feel from the minute you sit down - did not feel rushed to eat and leave so that they can get another table turn in for the night.  We shared a couple of appetizers and then moved onto the entrees and all 3 of them were awesome.  Wife had the veal, son had the lobster ravioli and I had the special squid ink pasta.  Everything was very elegantly prepared - not too salty but bursting with flavors.  Portion sizes were perfect - in this day of excess where food is falling off the plate - the dinner portion left you perfectly content ... also leaves enough room for dessert - which were also excellent.  Shared the tirimsu and the chocolate grenache cheesecake - again WOW. Was driving so didn't want an entire bottle so ordered by the glass and the Pinot Noir was amazing and a perfect compliment to the entire meal.
It's traditional fine Italian dining and it's a wonderful experience.  The staff is lovely and very attentive, the service is just excellent and the food is delicious. I had the pleasure
Great place. This hidden gem has the perfect atmosphere to meet up with old college pals or to bring your special someone for a romantic dinner. We arrived early and the bartender "bobby" is absolutely spectacular - and made us feel like regulars. Great food and wine with friends in NYC - the best !!!!
Called on my way to Arte with my last minute party of 8, they took us right away and was sooo pleasant the whole time there. GREAT customer service, and the food was pretty good too. Thanks for an easy and very attentive night Arte! - Seafood Paella - Red Sangria SO FRESHHH ;)
Great service, the food was delicious and unlimited drinks during brunch is a wonderful thing!  This place is great for a mother and daughter brunch or a romantic brunch with your love. The decor is very classy and cozy! You won't be disappointed!
I was here with a group of eight friends.  We were seated promptly at a round table.  I love round tables with large groups!  There is no other way for a whole group to have one conversation. Service throughout the meal was very attentive -- no one's water glass ever got empty.  The waiter recommended an excellent, reasonably-priced bottle of wine that was so good we got two more bottles throughout the evening.  The food was pretty good, although I'm glad I didn't get the gnocchi; I tried my friend's and it wasn't anything special.  The mozzarella cheese in the Caprese salad was VERY fresh.  Everyone seemed fairly pleased with their food, and overall it was reasonably priced. Mostly I was just impressed that this place was the perfect location for a group of friends to relax and eat together.  The vibe was low-key, we could hear each other talk, and we never felt rushed out of our table.
First I'll admit that I come from a long line of persnickety Northern Italian chefs and foodies. Although I frequent the Greenwich Village area, I had never had the pleasure of dining at ARTE - - that is until I fortuitously selected this phenomenal restaurant for a small Christmas Day famiglia gathering yesterday. OMG - - What an exquisite dining experience all round! The wild salmon, the vitello, the pollo - - All mouth-watering, innovative, magnificently rendered. According to my gastronomically snobbish mother, the veal "melted in her mouth". The appetizers were comparably exciting and scrumptious; ditto the salads. And lest you worry that such haute cusine would arrive in small quantities... Au contraire! GENEROUS-sized portions are lovingly served at ARTE. No need to whip out the magnifying glass to see your entree! And speaking of service: Gracious, attentive, personalized to the max. Despite a capacity holiday crowd, my party was waited on with remarkable [unhurried] promptness, courtesy and attention to detail. How flattered and delighted we were when, as total newbies to Arte, our charming server (the owner's nephew) sent the mega-gracious owner, Signore Martino, over to our table to welcome us and proffer us an after-dinner drink. Bottom Line: ARTE is a class act in every aspect. It's now my (and my grateful family's) go-to eatery.
I've been coming to Arte for over two years now.  It is my go to place for authentic Italian cuisine with five star service.  Not once have I been disappointed by the lack of freshness in the food as one reviewer suggests - and quite the opposite is true.   There is always an abundance of delicious specials one of which is usually a whole fish carved table side.  My favorites?  The black linguine with seafood and the veal Arte and the complimentary bruschetta is not to be missed.   Is there room for improvement?  Sure, there always is.  In Arte's case I would advise them to market more - not enough people who know good food are aware of this neighborhood gem as its never really that busy.  Also I would say they could be more watchful of the restrooms - make sure they are tidy.  Never experienced anything gross in there, but toilet paper rolls on the roller and not sitting on top and /or paper towels not left all over the floor and making sure ambiance candles are actually lit will make a world of difference.   As to the gentlemen complaining that he will never go back because of the manager "staring at his girl" too much?  He's Italian so fuhgeddabouddit!  It's in his blood.  Get some security and take it as a compliment.  When you met her you weren't staring like a jackass too? What is this anyway?  A Bronx Tale?
The service here is absolutely abysmal.  Where to get started.   Frist....arrive on time for my reservation, am seated 45 minutes late.   Second...seated in the bar area.  The bar crowd is hanging over our table.  The waiter completely forgets about us, waiting 20 minutes for a glass of wine, our water glasses completely empty Third...food arrives, ice cold mashed potatoes, veal is meh Fourth...after asking three different people for the manager, one arrives another 20 minutes later and offers an after dinner drink.  Like that would accommodate my horrific experience This place sucks!!! End of story.  The management could care less and the hostess was no where to be found while I witnessed people with an 8:30 reservation not be seated until 10:30.   The food is just OK, nothing special and definitely not worth the price. Don't go here if you want an enjoyable meal!  There are a million better places in this neighborhood.
After literally months of hyping up Arte to us, a coworker finally scheduled a work dinner at Arte.  Admittedly, my expectations were low, because usually things that have been described as the greatest thing since sliced bread are a total letdown. How wrong I was to doubt. Arte is absolutely phenomenal.  We sampled a variety of appetizers and desserts and all were fantastic, particularly the baked clams.  The standouts of of the night, however, were the lobster ravioli and the truffle oil pasta special.  Both are creamy and decadent and simply divine.  Seriously, just writing this, I'm craving the truffle oil pasta - it's that good.  Bonus: the service is phenomenal.  I cannot wait to go back to Arte!
I went here through a dinner event hosted through my university, but I don't think if I actually had to pay for anything I would eat here. First we had the house salad, which wasn't really anything all that special - just leafy greens doused in olive oil.  I didn't get very much lettuce even.  Seeing that it's $10 on the menu is completely ridiculous for what it was. For the main course we had chicken marsala which was pretty good.  The sauce wasn't heavy and the chicken and mushrooms were both cooked well, but the tiny two quarters of a mini-potato and the spinach on the plate seemed odd.  I also felt I didn't get enough sauce.  The mini potatoes were mildly tepid, but the spinach was flavored well.  I think priced around $18 this dish was somewhat reasonably priced. We finally had the napoleon for dessert, which came with some chocolate mousse.  The napoleon was light, a bit difficult to eat, and slightly bland but still enjoyable.  The mousse was also a nice complement, making the $10 for dessert slightly more reasonable. This place wins on atmosphere.  The lighting is just perfect, and the the tables are simply adorned with crisp white table cloths.  The iron wall decorations also create a nice division between the front and back dining areas. Overall I would say the ambiance of the restaurant make up for its slightly high prices.  However, if you're looking for authentic Italian cuisine, try out one of the dozens of restaurants in Little Italy, and I think you'll find the food there more appetizing.
I had a lovely Valentine's Day dinner here. The atmosphere is romantic. The service is excellent-- very attentive and friendly staff. It's a splurge, but worth it. ($70 for a 3-course meal, and $30-50 for a bottle of wine). The food is also great. I had the buffalo mozz appetizer which was so fresh and crisp. For my entree, I had the pesto salmon with Portoucinni mushrooms-- amazing! I only wish there were more mashed potatoes on the side... but I really didn't need them! Dessert was Godiva-dripped strawberries. I think this is a special for Valentine's Day, and so so yummy. Overall I would highly recommend this place for a date. I don't have anything bad to say!
My fiance and I came here for a date one friday night. There was actually plenty of seating. The staff was really courteous and helpful. We ended up getting two appetizers, and two entrees. For appetizers, we had the mussels and portabella mushrooms. They were both delicious. The portabella mushrooms were nice and juicy. For our entrees we had the chilean sea bass (special) and the veal scaloppine (Scaloppine Arte). The sea bass was okay... they should've removed the bones. It was the first time I had chilean sea bass where they didn't remove the bones. The scaloppine was also alright - I thought it was a little bit overdone and dry. The atmosphere is nice and it gives off a nice romantic vibe. It was an okay experience.
My new neighborhood spot. I love everything about this place - the food is always delicious, the staff and owner are always friendly and accommodating, no request is too  large or too small.
this restaurant makes you feel like a valued customer and part of their family.  delicious!
Food is great! Great destination for Valentines day dinner! The steak on the menu was the bomb!
I live in the area and have walked by Arte many times.  Never thought to try it out until I read the Yelp reviews.  Upon walking through the front doors, the ambience and clientele reminded me of Knickerbockers steak house around the corner on University Place -- quiet and elderly.   The service was fine.  The timing of our dishes was as expected, although it took a long time for the waiter to bring out a dessert that was presumably made ahead of time.   Everything we ordered, with the exception of the fried calamari, were specials that evening.  Here is the breakdown of our meal: Fried Calamari - served with a side of marinara sauce.  Perfectly decent but certainly nothing special.  Very typical of low-end to moderate Italian restaurants. Mozzarella, Prosciutto, Mango Salad - served with some randomly placed pieces of blanched asparagus and roasted red peppers.  The mozzarella slices were very large and thick.  They looked dry and rubbery, but they actually tasted pretty good.  There were two slices of prosciutto cut very thick.  It was disappointing and I've had much better at similarly priced restaurants.  The mango was a nice complement to the mozzarella and prosciutto, but I'm unsure why there were blanched asparagus and roasted peppers on the plate as well.  The asparagus and peppers added nothing to the dish and were very bland. Veal Milanese - excellent piece of fried veal chop pounded paper thin with a salad on top.  No complaints. Seafood Squid Ink Pasta - with salmon, mussels, clams, and shrimp.  The pasta was delicious, as was the garlic seafood sauce.  The salmon was overcooked and dry, though the rest of the seafood were fine.   Tiramisu - again, nothing special but also nothing to complain about.  It was presented as a square cake slice.   I must also comment on the price of these dishes.  It was extremely expensive for the quality of the food and the ambience of the restaurant.  I've eaten at similarly priced Italian restaurants that made their own fresh pastas and served authentic Italian food.   The veal milanese was $39, and I believe the squid ink pasta was also in the $30 range.  The pasta would've been executed much better at Babbo around the corner, and more cheaply too.
Ended up here with some friends from out of town last night because the concierge at the Bowery hotel couldn't get us in for dinner anywhere else that was not a three hour wait. Very tasty,  almost too many specials on the menu, I had a simple white tuna steak served on a bed of spinach which was grilled to perfection. .Service was great and servers were really nice, very attentive.  But it's all about the atmosphere. Fireplaces in an intimate room, it was perfect on a very cold night. not to mention it is moderately priced for what they're serving. Good stuff.
Arte is absolutely one of those gems that few people know about / well kept secret.  But what it lacks in notoriety it more than makes up where it counts - food, service, and decor.  It hits the trifecta.  Very nice decor in the dining room with romantic fireplace.  Service was excellent, menu had lots of options, and our dinners were quite good.  Looking for a quiet romantic place for italian dinner?  Add Arte to your list of great NYC restaurants.
I met friends here for dinner recently.  What a cozy and friendly place.  They were helpful, informative and funny, and did not rush us.  We all had delicious salads, then pasta.  You can order a full or half order of pasta.  Nice.  I ordered the full serving, then couldn't eat it.  Since I was staying at a hotel, I asked for a plasic fork to go with my leftovers.  Our waiter was very helpful and pleasant.  And sent me home with tasty bread to accompany my leftover pasta!  I enjoyed it for the rest of my NYC stay.  Looking forward to more tasty dishes there on my next Manhattan visit.
I really wanted to like this restaurant since it looks so warm and inviting. I walk by there pretty often so I decided to go one night with a friend. The food is overpriced, not fresh, bland, and definitely not worth the expensive prices. After seeing the "grade pending" certificate in the window, I looked up their health rating online and was horrified. A "grade pending" certificate essentially means they had a poor rating (in this case a B) and asked to have it reviewed again. It's a way to buy time and not have to post the poor rating certificate in the window. This is just a sample of some of their health violations in 2011 alone: Sanitary Violations 1) Evidence of mice or live mice present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. 2) Personal cleanliness inadequate. Outer garment soiled with possible contaminant. Effective hair restraint not worn in an area where food is prepared. 3) Food contact surface not properly washed, rinsed and sanitized after each use and following any activity when contamination may have occurred. 1) Evidence of rats or live rats present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. 1) Raw, cooked or prepared food is adulterated, contaminated, cross-contaminated, or not discarded in accordance with HACCP plan. 2) Food contact surface not properly washed, rinsed and sanitized after each use and following any activity when contamination may have occurred. All in all, I will not be going back. I now know why there is hardly anyone ever in there, even on the weekends.
It was too cold to walk to Villa Mosconi - that's how we wound up at Arte on a Saturday, early evening. The Branzino was perfectly cooked and de-boned and prepped tableside. The saffron infused fettuccini was outstanding - I would return for that dish alone. Service was so friendly and accommodating, it was like we were regulars making a return visit. Ambiance was quiet; fireplace added a nice touch on a rare chilly 2012 winter night. We were not rushed which is rare in typical NYC eateries, and had a wonderfully relaxed time. Highly Recommended.
Great little neighborhood spot in the village near Washington Square Park.  Old school service!  Greeted by the Maitre de, someone else checked our coats, someone else told us the dinner specials (which were plentiful) and took our drink orders, another server took our order, and yet someone else brought food to our table.  I could tell it was very much a non-tourist, local-frequented place with all the warm greetings and handshakes.  Very friendly staff, some classic non-red sauce italian dishes which were nicely seasoned and carefully prepared.  Cozy atmosphere with real fireplaces and intimate lighting.  They have two small tables outside in front of the restaurant on the sidewalk where they'll serve dinner as well in warm weather.  If you want and old school experience sans tourists...this is it!
Great for lunch, the goat cheese salad was really good, mostly because of the dressing-- I ordered the Portobello appetizer on the side to put over the salad. The lentil soup was also really great. Everything was fresh and probably a little overpriced but I wasn't paying so I can only guess. The only drawback was the people who worked there kept calling my mother aunt and I bella (beautiful in Italian). It got old and irritating after a while.
Dependable and somewhat varied Italian-inspired menu, nice atmosphere, although a bit pricey for the fare. Service can be slow at times.
I have walked past this place a few times and kept thinking to myself we should go there some time. We actually first went a couple of months ago, but I was post happy hour and didn't remember it terribly well, except that I had enjoyed it. Then, on Friday after my fiancee had informed me of her need for steak we decided to come here again. We both ordered steaks for our mains and they were great. My only gripe is that normally my better half doesn't finish her steak so I get a little bit of that too (greedy guts!), but this one was so good she couldn't help herself (grumble). The service was excellent. Attentive, but not overly so. We mentioned to the owner on our way out that we had had a great evening with great service and he wouldn't let us leave without having a drink on the house! Something tells me we will be back again.
This place was not what I expected. The food was average, not spectacular. The only plus was the outgoing and very friendly bartender.
I have frequented this place for years now almost 2 decades, I have to say I have not one complaint about this restaurant. I love the food here, the dover sole is out of this world and deboned tableside. I love the cappelini in garlic and oil (not typical-- absolutely flavorful) I love the chicken scallopini dish, and all their specials. I love their risotto always done perfectly. The fireplace is cozy and I'm always welcomed here. Couldn't ask for a better Italian restaurant. In the summer I love to sit outdoors as well the neighborhood is charming as is this place. I will always come here.
I recommended your restaurant to friends only to discover they wereripped off, actually robbed by your establishment. I will encourage him to post a copy of the check on EATERNY and other key websites as warning to other good and decent patrons.  Party of 6:  $826.00 before the tip, ( $75.00 entree, right.) Oh, I forgot the $70.00 dessert.
I've only had lunch here, and I thought it was great.  One, it wasn't crowded during lunch time, and the food is great.  Plus, the service is also personable.  I've heard that it's really crowded during dinner so I stick to lunch.  I've only had their specials, which were all fantastic.  Their coffee is very good, too, as a way to end your meal.  I would definitely come back here again and again for lunch since I don't have to worry about getting a table and can actually have conversations without losing my voice.
Be careful if you use your credit card here!!  My boss and some colleagues went here and aside from the fact that the food was just mediocre, the service was not great.  My boss left a low tip and days later he realized the waiter adjusted the credit card and gave himself a 20% tip!  To add insult to injury when we called the restaurant- the waiter lied and said that one of the people ordering wine instructed him to do so.  After calling our client and finding out this wasn't the case (how embarrassing!) the restaurant then apologized but said there is a NY law that all tips must be at least 15% (another lie!).  I would never go back here - especially if the waitstaff has no qualms about stealing money from your credit card.  WATCH OUT!!!
Arte is a perfect dining experience.  The food is amazing - traditional, not fusion, and completely delicious.  The staff is old school perfection: friendly, helpful, unobtrusive, and knowledgeable.  I cannot say enough about how wonderful this restaurant is!  They go out of their way to make sure your experience is perfect.
Great neighborhood restaurant.  Maybe a bit pricey, but the food is really solid and the service is great.  I had the butternut squash ravioli special and the veal paillard and my wife had the endive salad and the porcini ravioli, it was all great.  It's a quiet setting, with a solid bar area, and a great fireplace.  Definitely a hidden gem.
