Highly recommended. It is near Nelson Rockefeller Park and Irish Hunger Memorial. You can't beat the views, free internet, and electrical outlets. Just come, read poetry surrounded by amazing view. And it is FREE. Can't beat that.
I don't personally get this place.  I came here more as a tourist (got a button and pen, even) and did a little self-tour, but it is essentially a small library of poetry with people camping out as though they own the place.  I didn't like squatters in my undergrad library (particularly those who slept *in* the library during finals) nor did I like them in grad school and well, I've discovered I still don't like them.  I was walking around and appreciating the exhibits and opening random doors to rooms and I swear the patrons here were glaring at me like, "you have discovered our secret place, stop making so much noise by walking around exploring, you don't look like a regular."  Especially the ones that camp out in the private rooms by themselves, do they think this is their personal office space they get for free?  There should be a two person minimum to use the private rooms and you should have to sign-up and only get to reserve the rooms for a finite period of time. In any case, I remain befuddled as to how this place even exists and is allowed to take up so much real estate by the water all the while being located in a green building.  There is *already* a NY Public Library right next to it (there being so close is a bit redundant, actually, and shouldn't these libraries be spread out a little better in Manhattan), but of course that one has children in it and the adult patrons here seem to want to keep the Poets House a secret so that there is more ample seating for them and so the space isn't "invaded" by those who are not poets and writers, the regular squatters, or even worse, tourists who are just visiting and trying to appreciate a little poetry for a day, like me.  Yes, I even opened a book of poetry and read a few verses.  I noticed I was the only one though which was funny.  Everyone else was on their laptops doing their own thing.  They should really just turn this strictly into a museum with a small admission fee for non-writers/visitors/tourists with a reduced annual membership fee for real poets and writers. At least my tax dollars are not being spent on this.  I believe this place is a not-for-profit funded by wealthy private donors.  Because it sure isn't those regular random patrons that think they own the place and glare who are paying for the prime use of real estate for this poet's house by the water.
Poets House is one of my top 10 favorite places in town to go. I can, and have, spent 5 or 6 hours at a time sifting through endless books with a view of Jersey City and the Hudson in this isolated part of downtown. Located in the shadow of WTC1 and off a cobblestone street behind the public library and potato famine memorial (which is an interesting sight in itself), Poets House offers a huge selection of poetry anthologies, individual pressings and chapbooks. They also have stations and headphones for cassette and record listening of performances and readings. They even encourage visitors to open and explore E.E. Cummings personal writing desk which has been donated to the foundation. I don't know many other places that regularly have events with the likes of Dark Room Collective or offer classes with NY poet laureate Marie Howe. There's nothing quite like it in NYC or the rest of the country for that matter. WIFI is offered and hasn't yet been completely overrun by folks scrambling to use it. On the contrary, they have a number of readily available long tables, armchairs and comfortable sofas for most who are usually reading or writing. Grab a cup of coffee from down the block before heading over to this one-of-a-kind (and FREE!) library to hang and read if you are a fan at all of creative writing or poetry. Either way, you won't go wrong with free.
Probably the nicest and most quiet places around downtown, strongly recommend if you need to organize your minds, read or even do a homework and of corse enjoy jersey sky line
You wouldn't really like Poets House. The totally unprecedented quiet and beautiful, misted Hudson river views don' t speak to your soul. The company of considerate and industrious artists quietly refining their craft isn't really your thing, if I know you at all. Poets House has a painstakingly curated library of 50,000 volumes of the best contemporary poetry, and I just think that's more of a selection of the most brain-busting poems in the English language than you'd prefer. Even the free wi-fi just doesn't suit you. How many times have I heard you say "this place is great, but the free wi-fi..." I guess it's not really for you. It's more for people like me (only me). (Whatever you do, don't go over to nearby Kaffee 1668 and get one of the best cups of coffee in Manhattan and nurse it at Poet's House for hours).
What happens to poetry in NYC? Does it dry up Like a crushed cockroach on a sidewalk? Or rot like garbage-- And then wash away? Does it reek like urine? Or wilt and slump over -- Like a cut flower? Maybe it is stagnant Like the stopping of time. Or does it grow?* In a crowded jungle filled with cement and deadlines there is an oasis tucked away in Battery Park City. A space where poetry lovers and poetry writers can unite to read historic works of the past, to share new ideas, and to illuminate and affirm the timeless importance of poetry. Poets House is a beautiful and modern space, yet somehow also calm and refined - it is as if everyone who enters has such reverence for the art of poetry that the space is alive with quiet focused energy. Upon entering, one has the opportunity to leave their mark using an old typewriter. As your path continues you travel upwards via a contemporary circular staircase. At the top of the staircase there is a small exhibit with works displayed under glass. The rest of the floor contains book shelves with hundreds of poetry books along with comfortable sunny places to read or study. Poets House is a unique center for poetry enthusiasts and novices alike. It is truly a special nonprofit and a big benefit to the West side community and a great resource for all of New York City. *Thanks to Mr. Langston Hughes and his poem, Dream Deferred, for being the inspiration to my review.
Poets House is a poetry library.  If poetry is your thing, and if you're looking to read or listen to a specific poet, you will like this place. Their website states that they have the largest and most comprehensive poetry collection anywhere in the country, and I believe them, even though they didn't have a poetry journal from the UK that I was searching for. I guess they can't have everything under the sun. They run lots of special events  I like their annual poetry book sale where you can get some great poetry books.  I've discovered some amazing treasures here, especially in chapbooks. On the down side, you can't borrow any of the books (but you can read them sitting on some very comfortable couches).
I don't come here nearly enough. In fact, the last time I came was for a MFA Creative Writing student event. And that was almost two years ago! But Poet's House is the SHIZZ yo! Indeed, their poetry library is IN-FUCKING-SANE and I love it--NEED IT in my apartment for personal use, referencing, auto-erotic asphyxiation (wait, what?). Every book from my favorite Agha Shahid Ali, every chapbook they can get their claws in, even totally shitty poets like Ezra Pound are there on their shelves. And if that's not democracy, I clearly don't know anything at all.
Solely went here for a charity event a couple of weeks ago, so I can't comment on the amazeballs-ness of the actual poetry library. I can say, however, that this is a beautiful space for a cocktail hour, lectures, musical performances, and fundraisers. I could've gazed at the beautiful staircase and the brilliant view of Battery Park for hours on end. Poets House is truly a gem in the Tribeca district.
Made me wish I were a poet, so I could lounge around in these cushy chairs and look out at the water and the New Jersey skyline. I came here for a charity auction, and the long, skinny layout of the second floor is not especially well-suited for making yourself heard or seen by lots of people. If you, too, have to make your way to this place, be sure to take a right after the potato famine memorial. There aren't any street signs for River Terrace, so it can be bewildering to arrive at the water without any sense for what to do next.
I love this place. It's the definition of beautiful serenity (library style). As a poet, I was thrilled when this place opened. They have a rent-free lease that spans 60 years in a gorgeous new space right across Battery Park and down the street from my old highschool (Stuy). To me, Battery Park has always been one of my favorite places in New York City and it's only fitting that there is this library filled with books of poetry (50,000+ books meticulously filed) right across it. Large glass windows line the entire second floor, letting in pools of warm sunshine that face the Hudson and the park. When you are done reading that book of Kincaid poems, you get to set it down and stare out into the what must be one of the most beautiful views that New York City has to offer. There is a little computer hub of 2 Macs that you are able to sit at just in case you don't bring your laptop to type on (Free Wi-Fi); Best part? The water fountain actually has delicious cool water (just in case you don't want to run over to Le Pain Quotidien to pick something up. I try not to tell too many people about the place- even friends- because it's a place that I can have real peace and solitude in order to write or read. There are barely in places in NYC where you can do that nowadays (perhaps the Schwarzman Research Library, but this one is definitely much more intimate) and stay until 7pm, which is a great amount of time. Definitely one of the best spots in the city to sit around and chew on a pencil.
For the record, I told Lis K it was time to go-- RECITE. She wouldn't perform from the pages indoors, and sensibly so I suppose. Poet's House is boss, but the people inside are too focused and serious for my taste. Can I get some instrumental music? Verse did begin with lyric in many places, afterall. The staff I encountered here were funny, and time was working against me on my first foray amongst the shelves. To consider how much poetry lines the shelves is overwhelming. Shall I sit here for hrs in the enormous window? Or go outside to swing and shout from the free publications I snatched from a table? This time I opted for the latter.
Poets House je t'aime I want you all to myself Remain a secret
I wish I did not have to tell you this, since I don't necessarily want to end up ruining this best kept secret by my thoughtless bragging and inviting undesirable crowds to this oasis in the NYC desert. So please keep quiet and be respectful when you use this site. This is one of the best resorts for readers and writers who need the environment to work away from their home and find it becoming more and more scarce. One of the most amazing spots you can ever hope for in a place like NYC.
"Far from the madding crowd's ignoble strife,      Their sober wishes never learned to stray;       Along the cool sequestered vale of life      They kept the noiseless tenor of their way."     The new location of Poets' House--far from the madding crowd along a quiet strip at the northernmost edge of Battery Park--is ideal.  It is clean, modern, spacious, its exterior comprised of glass, and its interior adorned with interesting artwork. After perusing the extensive library of poetry volumes and criticism, one can sit in one of several comfy arm chairs and read in quiet contemplation while overlooking the Hudson. I recently attended a reading by Anne Carson, which was excellent but for a few minor issues: insufficient seating (stragglers were left standing or sitting on uncomfortable sills) and poor acoustics.  The acoustics and seating were actually better in the spill-over room upstairs where the reading was being broadcast. At least I know for next time...The reception following the reading was fantastic; in lieu of the boxed wine commonly served at art gallery receptions and the like was Creme d'Alsace and sparkling Vouvray, along with a Malbec and savory and sweet hours d'oeuvres .  There was also a chance to meet and greet the famous poet.  I'm bookmarking this place for return visits to its library.
This place is kind of intimidating, but it is a very good resource for poetry.   Also, there is no sign outside indicating that it is there, but it is on the second floor of 72 spring street.
"I dwell in Possibility." -- Emily Dickinson My poetic travels takes me to the Elite acclaimed Poets House for the 2012 Poets House showcase, where as a NON-member, I was hoping to hear fellow poets from my NY poetry circuit recite.  Unfortunately, my first impression was the inability to attain a spot (sitting or standing) in the Elizabeth Kray Hall where poetry readings are held and streaming live in the blistering cold of the powerful air conditioning.  (I'm used to strong powerful air conditioning as I've been exposed to many in Hong Kong, ergo it does not bother me).  Followed by the inaccessibility to attain any food, not even cookies, I was however able to imbibe on San Pellegrino water to sustain coolness in the purgatory blazing summer's heat.  It sits opposite of Nelson A. Rockefeller Park where the view of Jersey City and the Hudson River calls for a poem itself.  Free pencils, pins and pocket size keepsake poetic versus by local NYC elementary students including Long Island's Walt Whitman from "Crossing Broklyn Ferry" are available.  The entrance facade, sadly, is blocked by a tree for visibly of the signage. Poets House is for Elite poets who are educated scholars, noted during my mingling, many arrogantly hold both Bachelors AND Masters of Fine Arts (MFA) degrees backed by double digit years of poetry industry of readings and numerous chapbooks in their extensive dossier.  Members appear very proud to flaunt their education of MFAs in my face for superiority without humility, without sincere interest to regard the beginner or emerging poets like myself.  Poets House is above my level of poetic writing as membership ranges from $50.00 to $5,000.00 where emerging poets like myself and the more established are engrossed in the literary atmosphere for high quality substantial poetry readings and post-reading receptions.  There is a $40.00 Seniors/Students and Educators membership, which I have not encountered this at many NYC museums as it opens to scholarly intellect minds who highly desires to be engrossed in the poetry world. The Reed Foundation Library houses poetry chapbooks from every genre imaginable alphabetize by author's surname.  The Cheney Chappell Exhibition Space, a circular glass encased displays poetic letters dating since early 1900s hand written and/or by a old fashioned typewriter which some appeared hand written calligraphy and poetry literary works including one's thoughts to call the literary industry for poetry readings.  The Margo Viscusi Reading Room is extremely spacious, brightly lit by the sun's beam from Jersey City side and contain ample seats.  Throughout Poets House on display are famous poets' chapbooks as John Ashbery, a poetic master and E.E. Cummings.  All in all, Poets House's performance space is very modern and high tech, clean with a lot of sun bursting.  It can almost pass for a private library where members are paid subscribers. Stanley Kuntiz Conference Room is the space where I was able to attain a very brief glimpse of the streaming live poetry showcase reading.  A creative learning, the Constance Laibe Hays Children's Room is ideal for poetry birthday parties, and readings where it is encompasses kid-friendly activities.  I highly do NOT recommend Poets House to bring young children to Elizabeth Kray Hall as they will be bored out of their mind but are welcomed at the Children's Room.
I went to Poets House for an information panel that took place there.  It's quite a trek from the subway and in this 90 degree heat, it was a killer.  But once inside, it's pretty serene, air-conditioned, quiet, has lovely views and is a perfect place for writing.  Too bad they don't have wifi but that's a good thing sometimes.  This is a beautiful space.
Huge, light, and airy reading rooms with views of Jersey to the west.  The shelves are packed with every poet you could ever want to read, I found "Good Poems For Hard Times" by Garrison Keillor. I snatched it off the shelf and  immediately flipped to my favorite poems, that warm feeling of seeing an old friend again began washing over me. Before I could let myself get too absorbed wandering amongst the shelves of books my friend told me that it was time to go; which meant snagging some free publications heading to the nearest park and reciting poems whilst swinging on swings trying to kick the buildings in Jersey across the river.  If you ever have a few spare minutes or hours to kill stop inside, grab the first interesting book you find, and plop down in a big comfy chair by a window.
I adore this place. It's like a little haven filled with delightful goodies. It has such a nice community feel, too, and the staff are extremely friendly. Love love love. I'd say I'd like for it to remain a secret, but it needs support!
such a fantastic resource, & they offer some really great workshops & classes- definitely check it out if you're a poet, or even just interested in poetry, in nyc.
