If you like reading anything about food, (seriously you are on yelp ... so probably this applies to you) you will love this place. Filled with new releases, oop, magazines, you name it they have it. With a friendly and knowledgeable staff that can find what you want and suggest something for you to check out. Im really glad this place is here and they work with the ymca down the block and have presentations and events on a weekly basis. Great spot to check out.
The end all and be all of cooking book shops.   When I went to culinary school, I was so happy to have this shop in my neighborhood.  They have everything from culinary textbooks to home cookbooks!  Now, I come here with my son and we both shop.  If you love to cook, this is Mecca.
This is a great bookstore.  I found them online last year while browsing and promised myself that  I would visit them next time I was in New York.  I was there last week and I'm very happy that I did keep that promise. As a kitchen designer I love cooking and learning about the food cultures of other countries. This place had cookbooks of all kinds from all over the world.  I could have spend at least an entire day in there easily.  I bought a few books and was concerned about the weight in my luggage but the guy working there had the perfect solution: mail them book rate.  The book rate ended up being slightly less than state tax.  Problem solved. Awesome bookstore, nice and knowledgeable staff = great experience.
If you are a fan of food books, this is heaven. amazing selection. tons of recipe books incl. special diets, chef biographies, food history books, books on the world's food issues, rare books, postcards, and much more. Friendly and helpful staff. Ask them if you are looking for something specific. Go in and browse, you will find stuff you didn't know existed. I hate to say it, but you may be able to find stuff cheaper online. You should buy it here though - support this awesome place.
This is the most fun and impressive book stores I've ever seen in my life. I'm soooo glad I stopped in here. I knew they had food books in here, but I didn't know the entire store would be food/drink related books. This library is incredible. You could literally spend all day in here ogling at the books. They have everything from cook books, to wine, cheese, and beer books! And they have a great selection of wine and beer books. As a homebrewer, I was impressed by the collection. They also have a great assortment of food related postcards for sale that I love, also some really great vintage magazine ads torn out of old magazines to be used as prints for decor.We came in just 15 minutes before closing and the staff were happy to have us. They were super nice. All-in-all this is an impressive shop, book store, and playground for anyone that loves food. If you're on Yelp, you'll probably love this place.
I been here maybe about 6 times. What an amazing place. I first found out about this place from a Chef that I worked for. This is every cook's dream place to be in. Engulf yourself with countless cook books. Out of print books, new books, popular books, all are here. They are not just limited to cook books, they also have books about wines and other restaurant aspects. The atmosphere is extremely friendly. Very helpful people. I was here for about an hour just flipping through books. I highly recommend this place to any aspiring chefs/cooks.
I am not a fan of Kitchen Arts & Letters. I used to go to this store quite a bit and have spent a lot of money here, but have stopped going due to the unfriendly staff that gives unwarranted attitude. If you're looking for a vintage cookbook do yourself a favor and head down to the Village to Bonnie Slotnick Cookbooks. They have a wide assortment and are much friendlier.
I love the Strand bookstore. I adore Powell's in Portland, OR. Politics and Prose in DC is terrific as are Prairie Lights (Iowa City) and City Lights (SFO), but I have never wanted to get as lost in a bookstore as when I walked into Kitchen Arts and Letters last week. I could have spent the entire day and an entire mortgage payment in the store. Were it not for our need to move on to museums and meals, I might still be sitting in this monument to food, cooking and the written word. I asked the owner about an obscure book on the History of Sherry which I had asked for as a gift for Christmas. He immediately knew what I was speaking of, apologized the store was sold out, and went on to describe the book and what was great about it. The book was otherwise only available on the author's website. Out of Print, rare and foregin titles seem to be the specialty, but every person who enjoys thumbing through a beautiful cookbook will find something to cherish at KAaL.
I don't think I have found a more specialized book store on everything from cook books to molecular gastronomy guides to food history to food-centric fictions. Kitchen Arts & Letters is the best bookstore ever! When I arrived at the bookstore I was so ecstatic like a kid in the candystore I walked around looking at all the books there. Books from all over the world such as array from traditional ethnic cooking to haute cuisine to modern cuisine. They even sold notebooks for reviewing restaurants as well as 2012 Michelin Guide for NYC. I was intrigued by a book about Japanese cuisine history but it was such a specialized book and limited in edition the publisher only printed few hundred copies. It cost $125! It was more like a academic textbook that I was drawn to. I ended with 2 food science books that I added to my collection! A book by Francois Chartier about complimentary moelcules in wine and food. We also just missed the book signing event of Magnus Nilsson's new book Fäviken he was there just hours before we arrived. What a shame to miss that. I am definitely going back there many more times!
If you're looking for a great selection of cookbooks and other food-related books, this is a destination worth visiting.  The owners are usually there, and their knowledge of food writing is encyclopedic.  I've bumped into two kind-of-famous chefs shopping here - it's where you go if you're serious about food and food writing, and apparently they do a lot of business with people in the industry.  And if what you want is out of print and can't be found anywhere, they can often find it - it's an amazing resource. Of course, when you have experts like that, there's always the risk of running into the "bike store guy" or "record store guy."  (Or the classic "comic book guy."). You know the type - stuck up, hyper-interested in his hobby, and looks down on anyone who doesn't know that the 1996 blue POG is much rarer than the 1997 purple one.  That is NOT these guys.  Sure, they're glad to talk for hours about rare books - but if you walk in and say "I want something about pears...," I've found that they're usually excited to tell you about the ten books they have on the subject, and the pros and cons of each -- even if it turns out that you thought a pear was that yellow, cylindrical thing that monkeys eat.  They seem to really, really love this stuff - and in that inclusive, "hey, this is fun and we want to share it with you" way that's kind if infectious. This is the sort of small business that you want to stick around forever.
Wow.... a place just for books about food/cooking/wine/etc. Two words... FOODIE. PARADISE. Or as the chef next to me says, "No...no.. it's not a foodie paradise... it's food porn." Well, then... I guess it's a mix of both. Foodie porn paradise? Did I mention that I own over 30 cookbooks& I'm well under the age of 30? Buying them is kind of a problem... I'm off to a pretty decent start at having a library "when I grow up." Good thing I don't live near here... but of course wish I did! Yea, it's one of those places.
Get your cooking utensils out!   This is not for the casual fast meal cooking, not even cooking for light entertainment.  Forget Martha Stewart. This is cooking as a passion.  What you see on the ground level is a small one-room bookstore, but I was lucky enough to get a tour of their basement which has shelves on shelves of their stock.  That's why they always have everything you are looking for. Also, great staff who knows everything about food.  It was here that I finally learned what sweetbread really is (thymus gland...best place to have it, in my humble opinion: Prune).  Thanks to Matt. They also import books from abroad if it's not available through a U.S. publisher.  And if you ask for advice on a certain kind of cookbook, they are more than willing to share their thoughts, opinions, advice, etc.
I love this bookstore!  I work nearby, and my husband always knows trouble's happening when I say I've visited Kitchen Arts and Letters.  I've never been able to go in and not get a cookbook.   The guys in there are fantastic.  I called them up one time, looking for a specific recipe, and they found the cookbook it was in for me, and offered to photocopy it because the cookbook was not for sale!  How amazing is that?!  I think I spend too much time there... last time I went they sent me home with my books in a Kitchen Arts and Letters cloth bag.  Why do I always like the crazy expensive books?!   They also have a running list of books on order, so if you want something and they don't have it in yet, they'll take your name and call you when it gets in. By the by, I LOVE that mostly everything is written in metric.  I've been doing a lot more baking that requires weight measurement not volume and this is the place to get that.  I've actually become irritated when an involved recipe is written by volume not weight.  I guess it is all a matter of taste. I'm notorious for buying a book, then thinking it over then returning it.  At this place, they only give store credit, so make sure you are okay with that when you buy something.  Last time I had second thoughts about a rather expensive book I got, returned it for store credit, then used the store credit to get more cookbooks so... lesson learned.   This is my favorite bookstore in the city.
Holy Cow. I have never seen so many cookbooks in one place.  The El Bulli collection ($150-$250 a piece, but still...), sous-vide selection, kids, Italian, cheese, French, regional, chef, novels...  If it was written about cooking or for cooking it can be gotten here.  I feel like a kid in a candy store here, I want it all!!!!!!!!
This place is cookbook heaven!  The selection is outstanding, the staff so darn knowledgeable, and the service always courteous and friendly.  Whether you are a first time cook or an industry legend, this place caters to all.  Believe me, I was living in London the last four years and while London has its own well respected cookbook shop, the range at Kitchen Arts and Letters is far more extensive.  I love both shops but if I had to choose, K A & L would win! As an aside, its too bad that cookbooks that are originally printed in countries that use the metric system of measurement need to be converted over for American cooks/kitchens.  For shame!
My husband is a chef and cookbook connoisseur and I couldn't get him out of here. It's small and cozy but oh so many books and a great selection.
This place is awesome. It has every kind of book on food you could think of...except the book I wanted. Everyone was very nice and many people came in just to talk turkey. This is a must if you love food, drink and reading.
Love this unique cook book style shop. Its a true find on the UES. If you love to cook or are just interested do not miss this place in Carnegie Hill.
This place is truly one of a kind, which is hard to say about any place in Manhattan.  Kitchen Arts & Letters has a wonderful assortment of recipe and food related books, from food history to molecular gastronomy, quick meals to detailed guides on charcuterie and everything in between.   The staff is great.  They're truly interested in food and are very enthusiastic.  If I didn't know any better (which I don't), I would guess that it was mandatory for them to peruse through every books that comes through the store.  Crispin, who assisted me, was a great help.  I described to him what I was looking for and within a matter of minutes was huddled in the corner with a pile of 15  recommended books to read through.   "Don't worry about putting those away when you're done," he said. "We can put these books back on the shelf in the dark... and on one foot," added his co-worker with a big smile on his face. Needless to say, I walked out with more books that I planned on purchasing.  I almost want to give this place four stars with one star taken off as a warning to patrons.  If you're into food, be prepared to spend some money at this place.  With its great selection and friendly staff, you won't be able to resist picking something up.
A special type of bookstore that specializes in all things food and drink. The staff are more than helpful, they are extremely knowledgeable and also have a passion for the books and sample many of them. If you are from out of town, they can ship your purchases so you don't have to carry them home.
Have been cooking long enough to know that I don't know enough. I wanted to expand into Thai, Indian and get another italian cookbook. The guys who work here asked me a few questions to gauge what level of involvement I wanted to get into for each style. They were friendly, helpful and not the slightest bit condescending. It's a small store with each title considered and curated. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
If you're tired of tuning in to the Food Network for thirty-minute meal suggestions or goumet dinner party ideas, you might want to visit this Upper East Side location, the ultimate cook's and food-lover's bookstore, with one of the most thorough collections of cookbooks ever found under one roof. The stock includes current, rare, out-of-print, and foreign-language titles focusing on the preparation of food and the proper wines to serve with it. The staff will help you find what you need among the somewhat cluttered shelves and give you tips on whipping up dishes both simple and ambitious.
Brilliant collection of cookbooks. Although I can't cook to save my life, I bought a beautiful book on Molecular Gastronomy to adorn my coffee table. They have gorgeous books here and very friendly, helpful, knowledgeable staff!
This is a great bookstore. They have cookbooks for amateurs and professionals alike, along with food related magazines and guide books. The prices are decent, although there are not really a lot of used books (there is a small selection of first editions). You should be able to find just about any book you might desire. If it is out of print, they still might have it in the back and allow you to take a peek. I only wish that their hours were longer.
Excellent selection of rare titles as well as some common ones which you might be better off buying elsewhere. Space is efficiently stocked to offer a good amount of space to move around. I'd imagine the restaurant world will sustain them as long as they can afford the rent so hopefully they're in no danger of involuntary shuttering. Staff was friendly and helpful when prompted. Note: they share an address with other establishments so don't be fooled by the fact that the 1435 with an awning ain't KA&L.
I can easily spend hours looking through cookbooks and wine books at this gem of a bookstore.  The only one I know of in the country - you can find out of print books as well as books not yet available in the US.  Often they have the foreign versions if the English version is not available.  I can't come here often because I feel the need to buy something after all their help and passion - even though I am going to have to carry it home on the plane!  They are expensive but you get what you pay for.  Ask for help - they know what they are talking about!
The previous reviews are spot on.  Great selection of cookbooks.  Storefront is a little hard to spot.  I walked past and had to circle back.  Part of the 1435 Lexington condo.  I could buy an armload of cookbooks here - but my wife would kill me.
KA&L is the best place to buy a cookbook in New York.  They have an extensive selection of books and will order something for you if they don't have it in stock.  Matt, the manager, is super-helpful and very friendly.  The store itself is tiny, but that only adds to its charm.  The only drawback is that its hours are short by Manhattan standards, so make sure to plan your visit accordingly.
I don't cook but I have friends who do and they always come here to find cookbooks that they can't find elsewhere.  This is an EXTENSIVE cookbook shop for the serious cook.  If you, like me, can't cook, you'd just be lost in a sea of books filled with pictures of delicious food that you can't make for yourself.
Ever since I read M. Samuelsson "Yes Chef" Kitchen Arts & Letters was a designation on my must-checkout-NYC-list. It was as he described - friendly, knowledgable & expansive in its small neighbor bookstore layout. My sister, a Chocolate Artisan, & I, homemade ice cream maker novice, visited and was  immediately greeted with a warm welcome. I was looking for an ice cream cookbook; without hesitation a charming store rep, escorted us to the proper shelves, asked me a few questions & pulled the books that fit my answers.  It was like shopping for the perfect shoes.  As we perused books of interest, it was lovely to observed others who came in with delight.  Fun was had by all.
This was such a unique little store and they literally have every cookbook out now and many that are out of print. This includes the obscure super expensive stuff no home cook would ever buy as well as all the stuff a home cook wants. I think i saw every book in my home collection which exceeds over 100 books. The customer service is unparalleled. They told me they cater mostly to professionals but I think it is wonderful for the home cook. Just tell them what kind of book you might be interested in and they will pull out wonderful things. Or just go in and browse. It's amazing that they have so many books in such a small place. Everything is list price of course and in a world of amazon.com discounts that is a bummer but the service is great. I bought 3 books I never would have discovered on my own and I can't wait to get back to Cali and start baking.
This is a great place for cooks and the owners are fun. Cookbooks everywhere!
Small but thorough food book store ... instantly bought two books; history of desserts and food politics ... not limited to recipe books only; great selection of food and society books; lots on local food movements and global food issues.
wow.  this store is incredible.  i could have spent hours and hours just browsing around.  i think they have everything you could ever need from a cookbook.  i spent a good 30 minutes just browsing in peace.  i didn't end up buying a single item, but i was happy as can be just looking through the massive variety of books.
