Nice Museum. 1) I came here during Wednesday at 4pm when the museum is free. 2) The museum has 3 floors. The first is an intro to Jewish customs and history. The second floor is dedicated to the holocaust. And the 3rd is mainly about rebuilding after the WW2. 3) Only thing is, they have airport like security. You will face a full body screening before entering. (I will not recommend anyone pay the full price for this museum, unless you are very interested in Jewish history.)
I'm glad I made a stop here on my trip! Very informative and great for those who enjoy history. Its also close to other downtown attractions.
I had no plans of coming here, but since it's directly across from the Skyscraper in a grand building on prime real estate that it somehow acquired, I dropped in. Mistake - I realize things need to be understated given the purpose of the institution, but the forced and oddly placed bag check and large empty halls throughout the building leave you frustrated.
Great location, close to Hudson river. Very well organized museum. It is so informative and educational. Many photos & items displayed in the museum. It definitely brings me back to the past. Prepare to spend at least a few hours here to go through all the exhibit.
We visited this museum today for the first time. It's been on the list of places I've wanted to go for a long, long time so I was happy to finally go. The museum admission is only $12. If you check in on Yelp, $2 off! It's worth the price no matter what. The location of the museum is beautiful. Right on the Hudson with fantastic views. The museum is also much bigger than I expected. It is set up very nicely. The first floor is Jewish cultural items, sort of like an intro to Judaism. There was a lot of information and nice artifacts. The second floor is all devoted to the Holocaust. This was where we spent most of our time. Everything was chronological and also included special sections devoted to topics (for example the children section which was just so emotional). There are pictures, artifacts, old passports, so much to see and read. There were also a good number of videos with personal accounts. It was very emotional. The third floor was shorter and talked about Judaism today. Not a lot on Israel (which I expected) but interesting enough. I have visited the Holocaust Museum in DC. Of course this is nothing in comparison but it's very, very good. I was very impressed by the museum information, setup and items on display. I believe this is worth a trip for anyone visiting New York.
I found this museum to be very innovative in its design and interesting in its content. The location is not ultra-convenient, but it makes for some amazing views. All in all, I was really, really impressed when I visited, so much so that I decided I wanted to work there and I even had an interview in their communications dept. [didn't get the job though :-( ] I took off one star only because it doesn't seem to be the kind of museum that you can go back to over and over again b/c I think the bulk of the materials are permanent and it is a see-it-all in one day sort of place.
This place is located at the North-western portion of Battery Park and it is part of the NY City Pass. The museum starts you off with a short movie. The movie definitely helps make the transition into the actual exhibits a lot easier as it did help and give out some pertinent information. A lot of the exhibits focus on World War 2 stuff and the Holocaust. It helped educate the atrocities of this war through graphic movies, pictures and story telling. There are a lot of Nazi paraphernalia too. After the war exhibits, they show the progression of post-war events such as the Nuremberg trials and the Palestinian statehood issue in the late 1940s. The tour concluded with a whole floor devoted to the Morgenthaus. Just a family who were devoted to public service during the first and second World Wars.
Last Wednesday I traveled all the way down to the financial district just because this museum is free from 4pm - 8pm every Wednesday.  I had no idea what to expect, but any expectations that I might have had were far exceeded. First, the staff is so friendly.  I couldn't help but pop into the gift shop before embarking on my adventure.  There are SO many beautiful things to purchase, in every price range.  Although I didn't purchase anything, there were many things that caught my little eye. As you make your way through the first floor, you experience a sort of "introduction to judaism."  The entire museum is dimly lit, which sets a certain mood as you peruse the tastefully curated exhibits.  For a shiksa like myself, the first floor is amazing.  If you've ever had questions about the significance of a certain item in Jewish culture, this is your one-stop shop.  It will provide you with answers to all of the questions that you may have been too shy or embarrassed to ask of your Jewish friends and lovers. The second floor is exclusively dedicated to Holocaust remembrance.  It isn't for the feint of heart.  Honestly, it's very difficult to look at many of the pieces.  The curators of this museum of carefully assembled the exhibit in the most tasteful of ways.  Even still, the pain of such a terrible period of time cuts deep.  Even if you're not Jewish, it still hurts to know that the Holocaust is a part of our world's history.  It shocks the conscience to know that human beings are capable of such hatred and inhumanity.  Most painful are the stories of children who survived, only to find that there parents and other family members had not.  Do not rush through this part of the museum.  Take as much time as you need to be introspective about the implications that this period of time has on our lives today, and even for the future. As you make your way to the third floor, you'll pass an outdoor area that is opened in nice weather.  Even if the outdoor area is closed to you, you can still experience it through an interactive stop-motion-type video exhibit.  Past this is a celebration of notable achievements in the arts, culture, science, etc.  It's really quite inspiring. I encourage everyone to experience the magnificence of this stunning museum at least once while they're in New York.  It is truly exceptional.
Very beautiful place. I came here in the 10th grade since we were doing a project on the Holocaust. As far as I fan remember, the museum was beautiful. I met one of the survivors and her story was very heartbreaking. She was a very seeet lady from Warsaw, Poland. I'm unsure if she passrd away or not, but the pictures of her siblibgs and parents were beautiful I could only imagine what she went to. The museum showed the clothes of the survivors. It was a very clean and big museum. There were numerous floors. I really appreciated coming to this museum and I may visit again.
I found this museum very interesting. I didn't learn anything new, but I'm still glad I went. For people unfamiliar with the subject matter, it could be very informative. It doesn't compare with the D.C. museum,but it's still worth a visit. The biggest difference is: they have pictures of artifacts that the D.C. museum actually has on exhibit.
I find some of the subject matter uncomfortable. Is the Holocaust funny??
A wonderful venue that is architecturally open, modern and warm.  Perfect integration of wood, stone, glass, wire and stainless steel with a peaceful floor plan.   Big windows provides view of the perfectly manicured clean garden, trees and the lake. The motorized shades accommodates visibility to slide presentations on a sunny day. The strategically placed simple wood benches is a welcomed rest stop and convenience.  Stone nooks are also available for seating by the windows. An impressive venue for personal and business events.
I go to this museum on occasion, whenever they're having an interesting temporary exhibit.  As an aside, there's a long hallway on the third floor that has floor to ceiling windows and it has a gorgeous view of the water & park.  There are several benches and you could sit there for quite awhile.  A good place for some solitude, to contemplate what you've just seen in the permanent exhibit....the bookstore has a really good selection, including some books that are out of print or difficult to obtain.  Every single staff member I've ever encountered at the museum - and particularly the lobby desk staff - are very friendly. Admission is free from 4-8 p.m. on Wednesdays.  Also, the museum is closed on Saturdays.
A great experience for a place I just stumbled upon walking through Battery Park City.  Since I went on a weekday right as it opened (10am), the museum was filled with school kids.  It wasn't a big deal though cuz I ended up avoiding them. Like Nick H. says, this place is pretty much confusing.  I ended up going down the stairs to the basement and in the janitor's closet!!  Got out eventually though. It had a been a while since history class for me and this place was both informative and interesting.  You can't help but feel a unsettling, twisting feeling in your stomach as you walk through the areas detailing WWII and the Holocaust.
This place makes the most of modern design, though it's a bit hard to appreciate it when you're struck with all the content (interesting & historical, but somewhat upsetting regarding the Holocaust). Be aware though - the bathrooms and exits can be a bit hard to find once you're inside past the lobby. It's good for an educational trip (or if you're being dragged by your school or day camp), but I wouldn't come back to actually spend time there, as I would at the Met or other NYC museums. It's worth a look at least once in your lifetime though, if you even remotely care or are connected to Jewish heritage and/or history.
Be prepared for the tremendous emotions of the Holocaust this place will stir up.  You are going to a museum that primarily focuses on arguably the most horrific genocide in history.  Walking through a actual rail car from Auschwitz provoked a ton of emotion out of my group. The museum is not designed out the best, but it is still very solid.  There are obvious "bottlenecks" during the path through the museum and exits and restrooms aren't marked the best. If you are going to New York and cruising museums this place is definitely worth the time.  Make sure to allocate time to clean up your makeup and get your head back on straight because this place is HEAVY.
Also known as the holocaust museum, this is a thorough and dark journey through one of the most horrifying times and events in human history. Don't come to New York without taking a couple of hours to remind yourself of humanity's history. My hope is that we have learned our lesson and that these atrocities will not be repeated. Unfortunately I can be proven wrong by simply watching the news. Your tour through the museum will be deep and heart wrenching. Get ready.......
I had no idea this museum was so big. I was not expecting something of this caliber. I couldn't be more thankful that I chose to visit on my recent trip to New York. The information and artifacts are vast. There is so much to read and explore that you could spend an entire day here. Because I am of Jewish Heritage, I was incredibly moved by the experience. It's really important for everyone to understand Jewish history, though, and the horrors of the Holocaust. You'll find everything from videos to photographs to Torahs to gold tooth fillings to diaries to clothing to marriage certificates to toys to tools...I could just go on and on. It wasn't easy to say the least. But it was so worth it, and I encourage anyone of any background to visit. You won't regret the time you spend at this beautiful museum. Note: Wednesdays are free (donations accepted) and the gift shop is not to miss.
Very good museum.  Ive been to Yad Vashem, Auschwitz, Burkenau, Treblinka, Sobibor, Maidanek, Warsaw Ghetto and other Nazi killing centers,  Given the subject matter and all, please allow yourself enough time to actually understand and comprehend what you are looking at. It can be emotional, on some days there are actual survivors giving the tour.  I was lucky enough and an Auschwitz survivor gave our little group a tour.  Obviously much better then going on your own, but its quite emotional. The museum is build like a history time line, and going back maybe a bit tricky. So, if funding the bathroom, so bring your own kleenax. I absolutely love the last hall, the view of the harbor and the lady Liberty.  Definitely the story of my people...
"A Living Memorial to the Holocaust" I visited the Museum of Jewish Heritage for one of my college class trips. I was very fortunate in having a holocaust survivor give us a guided tour of the museum. His story along with a brief summary of various objects around the museum proved to be heart wrenching. At one point, he began to shed tears as he shared with us his story on how he escaped, it was very touching. The museum provides an excellent description of the Holocaust amongst other things. If possible, I would definitely recommend a guided tour for the museum, the tour guides have a vast knowledge about history. And in the case of my tour guide, even personal experience on the matter. It gives you a chance to experience the story through a different perspective. The museum itself is a tad confusing. You may find yourself going the wrong way a bit. If you have Jewish roots or just love history like me, check it out.
Beautiful museum, very stirring, haunting, and  will linger with you after you leave.  The layout of this can be a little strange for anyone who is used to more "classic" museum layouts like the AMNH, and Met; the first floor is full of the history of Jewish people abroad and in the US before the Holocaust, the second floor focuses on the Holocaust, and the third floor focuses on life after the Holocaust and discusses the formation of Israel and how people rebuilt their lives in Europe and abroad. On the third floor there is also a very moving interactive exhibit that includes recordings of people discussing the process of emigrating to New York, while you gaze out at the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island.
I came here a few months ago during the winter. I was really excited about coming here and started my experience with fervor. The amount of reading I did here was phenomenal! Never have I read so much at a museum; I was getting tired. And I couldn't cover it all, there was just so much small font on tons of display signs. The museum overall is decent and I would return here in few years time. I enjoyed the outside garden; it was beautiful.
I was also one of the fortunate students to attend this museum for a class on the Holocaust. I highly recommend it for anyone who has at least some background in the history of the Jewish community and the Holocaust. Anyone who doesn't have some relevant knowledge might feel a little lost and probably under-appreciate the exhibits . While a museum of this nature might seem depressing, I found that I had quite the opposite experience. Being aware of such atrocities against humanity is important, and while it might be difficult to handle, it will certainly provide a great amount of gratitude for the simple pleasures that we all have: family and friends being the most important. The layout of the museum may be a bit confusing, but don't let that deter you. Just keep an eye out for where you are because one can easily get lost.
I've come here twice. There's just so much to see. Holocaust gallery is terrifying yet informative. Cafeteria food is good. Cutesy little gift shop full of books, Judaica, jewelry, toys, etc..come here and be ready to learn about Jewish life just before, during, and after World War II. The building is beautiful and the rock garden which has boulders in which trees are planted which will someday break apart the rocks is meaningful and well-designed. Great views of the harbor once you get up to the third floor. Escalators and elevators for those who are of limited mobility.
I went to this museum a couple of weeks ago for the first time with my mom, and thought the museum was really well organized and fascinating.  Yes, it's depressing since it's a Holocaust museum, but the way the museum portrays modern Jewish history with the era before the Holocaust, during, and after, gives a really clear uplifting view of where we've been, and where we're going.  And all this great history is commemorated to show that, hey, they tried to kill us, but we're still here and going strong!  Anyway, I also checked out the Hannah Senesh special exhibit and it was really fantastic.  Great artifacts that probably are never seen in the US. It took us about 4 hours to do the whole museum, and we could've stayed longer, but we were beat (emotionally and mentally).  The location is beautiful, right on the water.  There is actually an immigration exhibit with views of Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty.  While I enjoyed the room, I didn't take the headset to do that part. The thing that I think they do really well to make the story come alive is to take advantage of multimedia options.  The films that they show and the different audio pieces are helpful. My only suggestion is that this museum should find a way to be open on Saturdays.  The Jewish Museum uptown just becomes free, and the one in Philly lets you buy tickets in advance only, which could be a good idea.  It just seems weird that they are closed on a weekend day.  It's such a well done and important museum, that they should try to reach as many people as possible. I definitely recommend the museum to visitors and citizens of NY.
Touching.  If educated on the topic, great place to visit.  Not nearly as good as the Washington DC museum, but still worth a visit or two.
Most uncomfortable (building, not subject matter) museum I have been to in New York.  Once you're in the exhibition space, its hard to find an easy exit.  This place could take a cue from the Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles.
Since they built this place, I've wondered why it's shaped like a South American pyramid. Visiting did not enlighten me. It is a very interesting museum, however - and it's not just the Holocaust. The core exhibition is very professionally laid out and nicely set up. They obviously spent some money putting this place together, and it looks good, right down to the fancy brushed-steel escalators. The first (and largest) floor is "Jewish Life a Century Ago." For me, this was the most interesting part of the exhibit, with lots of artifacts and ephemera talking about the place Jewish people had in politics, the arts, industry, and society in general, in the US, Europe, and elsewhere. The second floor is "The War Against the Jews," which, of course, deals with WWII. It's important, but as one might expect, there's some emotionally wrenching material here; be sure you're prepared to deal with it. The third floor is "Jewish Renewal" which, as the title of the exhibit indicates, is about post-war Jewish life, and Jewish people today. It wasn't as gripping, or as in-depth an exhibit. The last floor is special exhibitions - there was a photo exhibit on Russian Jews who want to move to Israel and haven't been allowed to. I didn't think it was up to the standards of the rest of the museum. There was also an exhibit on Emma Lazarus (she who wrote the Statue of Liberty poem). I have to admit that I was getting a bit tired at that point and skipped a good deal of the information. Definitely worth a visit. It's free on Wednesday evenings; it's closed on Saturdays. There is a gift shop.
I was prompted to go here by an impulse Groupon purchase.  Located in Battery Park, it's a nice place to visit on a quiet day.   There were hardly a few people in the museum when I went, which was nice.  I was absolutely fascinated despite the somber subject matter.  The museum is nicely made, very clean, stainless steel and gray interior.  There are 3 floors: pre-holocaust, holocaust, post-holocaust.  Each area/room has a tv showing videos of interviews taken of survivors.  It's so neat and touching to sit and listen to their stories.  The museum has collected so much information and artifacts.  Despite my years of studying the subject, I learned so much and saw things I've never seen.  It was truly a rewarding experience.
Beautiful Museum.  The exhibits were very informative and they have some really incredible historical pieces/antiques, etc.  The holocaust portions were incredibly moving and I felt the exhibits were constructed in a logical manner. I also appreciate their choice of temporary exhibits - they really keep things current. I was particularly pleased that they ran an exhibit on "The Holocaust of Bullets" - based on the critically acclaimed book and highly coveted research of Father Patrick Desbois on the murders in the Ukraine and other parts of eastern europe. I highly recommend this museum.
If you are of Jewish faith or heritage,if you're not, but simply interested in life before, during and after the Holocaust for Jews around the world, this musuem is not to be missed. The observation suite facing the NY Bay which looks out to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island is stunning. There is even a computer set-up with an interactive step-by-step program for immigrants to share their stories while visiting.
I didn't really learn anything new but I enjoyed going there, and the design of the place is very interesting.
