A perfect day in the West Village....Buyers and Cellars was wonderful.....up close and personal....it's a great little place.....
Nice venue in the middle of the village. Went in for the midnight express and had a fantastic time! The staff was welcoming, the premises clean and the seating updated. It was a comfortable performance and an overall amazing show!
Such a lovely little theater that makes every seat a great seat. We were able to see Buyers and Cellars here and we really enjoyed it. The production was actually surprising as the stage never changed but the three props on it were used all around and the production really made sure to cover the changes in the story in a creative way. The main (and only) actor really carries the story out in a way that was entertaining and engaging. You learn to love each of the characters he portrays and just wish to be his best friend at the end of it! Amazing actor, great place, play was amazing. no intermission because ... The man is full of energy! No need for intermission! This is good for a second or third date before dinner! :)
Saw TJ and Dave last night. The show was at 10. We were told they would let people in at 930. Got there at 930 and the line was already half way up the block. We were let in at 940 to wait in the line in the lobby. However, there was no management control over the line and people just started jumping the line and pushing through and the line completely dissolved when they started to let people in theater at 950. Just not ok when you've waited for 25 minutes to not get a seat you anticipated. Also the theater was cold. Wore my jacket through the whole show. TJ and Dave were amazing though! This is more of a review of the actual theater/managements
Michael Uribe is SO funny I almost peed my pants!!! No, really. They do offer beer and wine that can be taken inside the small theatre. No bad seats, just no intermission and no way to "sneak" out until the end. With all that beer and wine that could be a problem.
This is one of those theaters that is quaint and captivating... you smile and vow to be nice to the playhouse because you're thinking, "Awwww, they're poor." It is definitely a low-budget venue, but that isn't always a bad thing. For instance, you'll get acquainted with that hot date you brought (or the funky smelling stranger on the other side, above, or below your chair) because you are THAT close. Also, you'll have a new appreciation for the simple things in life--- like the little cushions that the theater places on the otherwise uncomfortable chairs. Mumbles and grumbles aside though--- the production of Our Town was very well done--- great subtle acting pulled off in a pretty crispy play. A perk to these smaller theaters is that you are often seated in the acting space, so be ready for some interaction!
Never been disappointed at the Barrow, intimate with no frills, but who cares the performances are excellent. Just saw Buyer and Cellar, doubled over for 100+ minutes!
The theatre is a three at best, but No Child, all played by Ms. Sun is a definitive five. She resembles a young, slim, androgynous Whoopie, and what a delight to watch! Although the play was a bit long for a one man show,  she was so amazing. I am sooo glad that I went. And to think the "helpful" ticket guy tried to talk me out of it! I enjoyed it almost as much as any broadway show. She really nailed every student, teacher, and of course the custodial staff. What a brilliant star in this dim yet quaint theatre!
Friendly box office staff. Tiny theatre in one of my favorite parts of NYC. Seats are not very comfortable.
This is a very intimate theatre space (with cheap chairs that are comfortable enough). You can see everyone's faces in the theatre, because there is seating on all three sides surrounding the stage. Any seat in the house is a good seat, but of course the section directly facing the stage is great. (For Our Town, they have two rows of folding chairs in the acting area). The actors aren't confined to one area for this show. The will be moving around you and you really feel part of the town. Everyone should come and see the production of Our Town, currently playing there (just read every critics review!). What a powerful production this is. It's the first time I've seen any production of this classic play, so I went in knowing nothing about it really. We read it in High School, but I didn't ACTUALLY read it.... But don't worry this isn't one of those shows where they ask for audience participation (except literally one part for 30 seconds and it's easy) TIP: Bring the one you love, make a visit on date night. It is, strangely enough, a very romantic play with a great message for couples in love that isn't cheesey! It was so good.
Saw TJ & Dave here. It was a great show, and the venue was perfect for it. Sort of run down, but nice enough, and the seating was really good no matter where you might land. The "bar" was a stool with what they were selling and a lady who was also checking coats. The staff was a little snotty, but eh. It's Manhattan. I would definitely go to this place again.
Tucked away on the tiny Barrow Street, it is a quaint black box theater for off (off?) Broadway plays. I doubt there is a bad seat in the house, you feel like you are a part of this play, very intimate. (Hey did I just get spit on?) because there are only a few rows. The place may be an old school, transformed into a performance arts space. Expect a no frills bathroom (but toilet seat covers included!) but , there are $1 waters. Saw a play called Tribes...it felt...'intense.' It is comfortable enough to revisit if I heard of another good play here.
The theater is the decaying embodiment of an off-off Broadway playhouse. It has an unmistakable charm that you can only find in venues like this, where you walk in and wonder what you're doing there. The seats are not the most comfortable, and they are a bit crammed, but the theater provides an intimate setting to whatever play you're there to enjoy. (Read: It's tiny) But that's not a bad thing at all.
This small theater in the West Village seats under 200 people (in very uncomfortable folding chairs).  The theater itself is nothing to write home about-- thus the 3 stars-- but BST is currently showing Nilaja Sun's play, No Child, which is a must-see for anyone interested in the state of New York City public schools.  (Maybe I'll write a separate entry for the play, but I'll add it here for now.) "Here's lesson number 1.  Take the 6 train.  In 18 minutes, you can go from 59th Street, the richest Congressional district in the nation, all the way up to Brook Avenue in the Bronx, where the Malcolm X High is, the second-poorest district in the nation.  In only 18 minutes!" And in only about 65 minutes, you are transported from the WV to a classroom in the South Bronx, and become part of the large failures of the NYC public school system-- and more importantly, the small triumphs of NYC public school kids and teachers.  The set is a barebones classroom and it's a one woman show, with Ms. Sun playing characters ranging from janitor to principal to teacher to students to herself.  Her range as an actress is enormous, and with no costume changes, she relies purely on facial expression, body language, speaking mannerisms, and a penetrating and realistic sense of humor. I saw this last night with a group of teachers and the energy was palpable.  She gave us a talk afterwards and is just as charismatic out of character-- thanking us for being such a good audience and marveling that she could tell we understood every joke, every tragic moment, that she imparted.  Her portrayal of city schools and the kids therein is not exaggerated, though it might seem like it.  Every kid that she channeled is a kid I've known.  She makes each kid come alive, and in a very short time, she deepens the audience's understanding of city kids.
The show we saw was enjoyable, however, this review is about the space. I loved the black box, intimate theater. The set was a living room, and for that, the seating arrangement was perfect. However, it was freezing. Not just a bit cold. Very Very cold, on a beautiful night in September. The lady next to me offered her sweater (since she had on her jacket). I mentioned it to them a couple times, and their response was it would get warmer however the temperature didn't really improve. I made the best of things with a little cuddling.
A beautiful venue to catch an authentic off broadway play.  They typically book really excellent shows.
Saw "Our Town" here.  It's hard to seperate the show from the location, but i thought both were great.  It's not posh by any means, but it gets the job done, the basement where the bathrooms are look like a crime scene.  They offer beer and wine to purchase before the show.  They list most of their shows on TDF, which is a huge plus.  Our town was great......go see.
Great little theatre, 199 seats, with a balcony.  Saw "My Girlfriend's Boyfriend" featuring Mike Birbiglia.  Great show, intimate feel.  Friendly staff, easy to find seats.  Has rest rooms and right near parking (for out of city people like me).
Saw "No Child" performed by Nilaja Sun a couple weeks ago at the Barrow St. Theatre.  We had a wonderful time at this unadorned little theatre.  I believe it used to be a school back in the day.  The surroundings could not dim the amazing performance b Niladja Sun.  Wow, she's an amazing artist!  We were on the far side, due to our discount tickets - had a great view of the entire stage!
Came here for "TJ and Dave". It was a great show, but that aside, it's an interesting space. Seats all the way around the performance area in the middle. The lines were hectic half an hour before the show started and even went up the back stairs (can't imagine that wasn't a fire hazard). Nice intimate feel where you can make out all the actors' facial expressions and hear every sound. Definitely worth going to!
The Barrow is great!!!!! I saw Baby wants candy here and highly recommend catching it if you get a chance, that is if you like to laugh. I also saw Bug here, and had a great time. Comfy seats and laid back crowd.
The current production of "Our Town" is the best I've ever seen  -- even better than the two that were on Broadway with name stars... It's better paced than Paul Newman's , more earnest and touching than Spalding Grey's. Do not miss the third act!  David Cromer, who is both Narrator and Director, has created a whole new experience even for people who know this play well. This show is set at the beginning of the 1900's, but people are people and it reminds us how precious each day is.  Loved this production!
Great theater, great shows, great seating. So why only three and not five stars? Easy -- the people who work there are, well, let's say less than ideal. It appears the theater only hires young actors who aren't too concerned (or at all concerned) about the experiences the PAYING patrons have. Maybe they're too focused on their own careers, but, darling, we don't care that you're just working at a box office until you make it big on Broadway -- do your dang job. And I wish everyone working there all the best of luck -- I truly hope you do make it big -- that way I won't have to deal with you every time I want to buy a ticket.
