This two hour self defense class is definitely a worthwhile investment.  I have taken a self defense class before - back in college for an entire semester but it was quite a while ago.  I didn't see that many courses offered in the city and decided to check this out and was glad I did. As others noted, the first hour is devoted to discussion on safety in general and how to avoid being a potential target.  This includes safety tips and going over various common scenarios you may encounter in the city.  Very useful and while some things seems like common sense, I think it's just hindsight bias, once you hear the answer it seems obvious. There are realistically some situations/things you gloss over or don't think twice about so having your attention called to it is worthwhile.  It also makes you think about planning ahead for other potential scenarios for preventative measures. The second hour goes over some physical self defense moves - getting out of grabs/attacks and some basic strikes and where to aim them for maximum effectiveness. This is also useful and seems easy once you see the moves, but as Gabrielle reminds you, these are things you need to practice in order to remember them and commit them to muscle memory so they become reflex, which I think is key and can't be emphasized enough. I realized a few days after the class I had already forgotten how to get out of one of the grabs and wasn't sure even from the handout what the correct maneuver was. And in a real situation, anxiety and fear might not let you think clearly, so having the moves in the toolbox is even more important.  Fortunately, there are physical refresher classes offered periodically (and not expensive) to practice and refresh your memory.
I was really impressed by the Female Awarenss self-defense class and think it's something that all women (and men) in NYC should take. First and foremost, you will learn how to keep yourself out of danger. Second, you will learn simple moves to get yourself out of any attack situation (regardless of size or strength). My entire office has taken this class, and I can't count how many times we've used the invaluable lessons. In the first section, Gabi will give you an invaluable lesson on awareness, with common sense advice on HOW TO AVOID dangerous situations. Most of the examples were typical behaviors that we never think about (or habits that we know are dangerous but do anyway) - where you stand in an elevator; how long it takes to find your keys in your purse while standing outside your apartment building at 3am; and the "illusion of safety" that iPods and cell phones can cause. She will also teach you how your reaction to a potential attacker can make the difference in whether or not you become a victim. The second section is about escaping - not overtaking your attacker, but getting away and running to safety. You'll learn and practice simple defense techniques that don't require acceptional strength or skill but will get you out of any situation. Finally, Gabi will teach you how to make your apartment safer, and which "tools" (ie. pepper spray, whistles, etc.) will or won't make you safer. I always considered myself pretty street smart, but this class really taught me a lot. Gabi is frank and open, she'll any of your questions and help you review personal situations. You will leave with a totally new outlook and confidence! Note: You can register on-line for an existing class, or schedule your own private class (I think there's a 4 person minimum).
Gabrielle came to our offices and taught 11 of us what she knows. The first hour was just verbal. She spoke about how not to get in a situation. Believe it or not this hour was the most helpful. She really has great ideas and tips that even I, a born and bred New Yorker, haven't thought of. The second hour is more physical. She shows you how to get out of grabs and holds. This is the most unbelievably helpful information! Seriously, every single person needs to know how to get out of grabs and holds. It really is important to be able to immediately get away from a dangerous situation. Once you are taken things could get much worse. You need to know how to not get taken. I advise EVERYONE take this. It is so worth the money.
What a great class! The instructor Gabi provides a thorough, two-hour lesson on all the does and don'ts of self defense and awareness. The first hour is dedicated to how you can aim to keep yourself out of harms way and NOT become a target.  The second our provides physical maneuvers that can save your life if anyone ever attacks you. Gabi is matter-of-fact, funny and really well versed in female awareness and self defense. She knows what she is talking about! I would definitely suggest this course to every woman out there. Buy it as a gift for the ladies you love. It's taught BY a woman for a woman! And can save a woman's life. Hey, there's your new tag line, Gabi! :) M-
Gabbie is such a great teacher. She makes you feel very easy about the subject, and has a nice balance of not scaring her students but keeping the vibe about being aware and empowered. She also offers a refresher class to make sure you retain it after the class and this is part of the class you paid for. She has the right amount of humor and is willing to speak to her students after class and on email. Highly, highly recommend her to anyone you care about.
The first thing I did when I got home from this workshop was email my NYC-based female friends and tell them to sign up for it. I'd taken self-defense and martial arts classes before and absorbed brotherly and sisterly tips, but I found Gabi's class helpful, practical, and geared towards living in this city. Best bits: - Laughing for two hours; - Learning that the position I most feared because of something a martial arts instructor had told me years ago was possibly one of the best positions to be in; - Leaving the class feeling more confident.
Every woman should seriously take this class.  I set up a private class with five of my gal pals.  You only need a minimum of six people to set up a private class, and it doesn't cost you extra to do so.  Just $65 per person, which is the same price as her open group classes.   In just two hours, you learn how to prevent yourself from getting into a bad situation in the first place and many techniques on how to defend yourself and get out of an actual attack.  You might think it's all common sense, but you'll most certainly learn a lot of new things.  And, even though it was a serious class, Gabrielle made it fun.  There was lots of laughter going on in the room while we were throwing some elbows and kicks.   Right when I got home, I sorta tried the "bitch slap" move on my boyfriend, and he responded, "hahahahaha, wait, do that again?"  Hm, guess I need more practice...and maybe try it when I'm not sitting...and maybe when I'm not actually scared to hit him.  (All right, guess my first attempt wasn't really an attempt at all.)  But I surprised him 30 minutes later with the pinch move to the arm, and he responded, "OW!!!"  Ok, yea, that works.  :oD Thanks, Gabrielle!!!
I've never taken any self defense class before and I'm not a woman so I don't know if I'm the best person to be reviewing this class but it was a lot of fun and really helpful. The only reason I was able to attend was because my boss had the whole company go-- smart lady. What she's teaching is pretty universal and transcends gender. The moves that she teaches are so simple that anyone can use them effectively. A lot of the advice is about the way you hold yourself and preparing so you don't get into a bad situation in the first place. So much information is compacted into this class.
I can not say enough about this class I took last night or about how great Gabrielle is.  A self-awareness / self-protection course is something I've been wanting to do for years and I am so glad I took this one. The class is divided into 2 sections.  The first is a seated discussion about different situations you might find yourself in and how to react to each of them.  And I tell you, every single woman living in New York City has found herself in at least one of these.  She teaches you how to avoid getting into situations where you're in danger.  Follow your instinct and get out of a situation that may or many not turn into danger. The second section is actual, physical contact.  What to do if someone grabs you here.  Or Here.  Or here.  Fantastic.  Real life possibilities.   You don't have to be physically strong to be able to protect yourself and Gabrielle teaches you this.  What you need is to be aware and how to react to get yourself OUT of a bad situation. I feel empowered and I implore every woman living in the city to take this class.
I took this class after having a scare and wanted to do something proactive in helping me not become a victim in the future. I love how Gabi gives real life scenarios to illustrate how to react in everyday situations. Whether it's coming from a bar, going to work, getting in an elevator and other day to day activities, she really helps a person prepare to get into a certain mindset, and if it comes to confrontation how that person can react physically to disarm them and get away safely. I've always heard about self defense courses, but what set her's apart from traditional classes is that it's not about being aggressive or stronger than your attacker, but being smarter and using that to redirect and get control of the encounter. I like her in the sense that she knows what New York is about and that you don't have to be a hermit to live in the city, but you just have to play by a certain set of rules to enjoy it. It's just my personal opinion but I find her to be empathetic but tough as nails, comedic but serious all around badass. Her background in martial arts and experience living here definitely has helped shaped her perspective of how to survive in the city. There are two parts of the course first part being knights of the roundtable where we discuss situations and she teaches us how to verbally ward off the attacker, with the later part being hands on physical defense techniques.  It was a very relaxing atmosphere and don't be afraid to do it alone, people were there by their selves. Some moves were scary but you really feel good after successfully doing different holds and strikes. Better for this to occur in a classroom environment where you can practice, prepare, and be ready in case it were to happen in real life. I also like that there are refresher courses that can be taken to show additional moves so we're not just left blowing in the wind. I loved this class and would definitely recommend this to any young woman living in New York. I can't wait to practice my moves.
I've looked at many of the martial arts studios in the area but was uncomfortable with the idea of joining or even testing some of the options due to my complete inexperience and due to the overwhelming and intimidating level of testosterone in those studios. So, when I came across this crash course for self-defense, I thought it would a good place to start. I didn't really have any expectations going into this course, but I have come out of it highly impressed. The class is highly instructive and can adapt to a person of really any size or age. The class size is not too large and Gabrielle is great at creating a comfortable and fun atmosphere even while grappling with such a serious subject. And, she is very approachable with any questions or concerns you may have during and after the course. The class space is great and feels private which also contributes to the comfortable atmosphere. I think everyone walked out of this class with more confidence and bravado than before. Perhaps I will finally go and try out one of those martial arts studios in the area...
I took Gabrielle's course and it is great.  I learned a lot about how to avoid situations before they happen and being aware.  But ultimately if you can't avoid a situation, you have to know how to get out of them so we learned a lot of moves and maneuvers to do and we had an opportunity to practice them in class.  I highly recommend this course to every woman, it is worth the time and effort.
All prior reviews are true! Gabrielle is a martial arts professional and a native NYer which means she gets us!!! The first hour of the class is a talk/discussion regarding how not to be a target for muggers and rapists. A topic NOT to be taken lightly, students shared their stories and Gabby told some of her own, putting a humerous twist on them with her sarcastic Condescending attitude. Keep in mind, this attitude is what she is trying to advocate. The second hour had all of us no matter what size shape form, athletic and not, practice basic grabs,holds, releases and strikes. It was a revelation to walk away with an arsenal and feeling of empowerment! I highly recommend this class to all women and girls. I am going to bring it into my high school PE dept. and teach it! Can't wait for the first refresher to practice some more. Thanks Gab for what you do!
After a mugging scare in my area, my friend convinced me to take this course with her. I learned a ton and even though I was like the worst in the class in terms of "moves" I definitely have a lot more tools in the toolbox... a long with a packet of information. It was nice to be surrounded by women like me who want to be independent in any situation, and the instructor's confidence was contagious. I would definitely reccomend this class to anyone.
This self-defense course was an incredible class. Two hours of non-stop information delivered by an energetic, engaging teacher - what's not to love? I can envision this being a great outing for a sorority or even a bachelorette party. Although you might think that it's going to be a scary/gloomy class (after all, no one wants to think about being hurt) Gabi helps keep the environment uplifting, educational - and oftentimes, hilarious. The first hour emphasizes body language lessons that can be used for all levels of unwanted interactions. The second hour is the physical part where you learn how to get yourself out of several types of grips/positions. Once Gabi has gone through the moves, you get to spend some time practicing with one another, which is pretty awesome. Definitely a worthwhile investment!
Gabi gives great practical advice on how to avoid and (if necessary) handle dangerous situations.  Lots of very practical self defense moves.
I'm so glad I learned the block technique here.
I have daydreamed about being attacked by a stranger and in every scenario I kick his ass into a bloody pulp. I am aware that in reality things may go down a lot differently than I imagine and in that case this class has me more realistically prepared. There was one move in particular that I know I will never forget and I found incredibly powerful and valuable, a simple way to release my hands from a strong grip. I def recommend this class, the teacher acts out some scenarios as well that are pretty entertaining to watch.
We signed up for a private class and, in short, were really happy with it.  None of us had ever taken a self defense class before and weren't willing to commit 10-20 hours and multiple days to a traditional style class, so we thought this was a good opportunity to learn some skills in a couple hours for a very reasonable price.  We were not disappointed! The 2-hour class starts with a discussion of how to avoid getting in a physical situation and was really informative.  We all noticed things that we do every day which make us vulnerable and learned techniques to change our behavior to be safer.  It was really helpful that the instructor cited many examples of different situations to help us recognize sooner when we're in danger and react appropriately. The second half of the class focuses on physical techniques you can use to break free of an attacker.  The instructor illustrates the techniques and then has each participant try it out while she either holds a pad for you to strike or grabs you and makes you break free.  We all found this part of the class to be really empowering.  If you think about it, most of us have never really hit anything with our full force, and it was pretty amazing to see how strong you can be if you needed to (and you would be even stronger in a real situation due to the adrenaline!).  It made me feel a lot more confident about my ability to defend myself.  Many of us plan to attend one or more of the $10 Saturday classes to practice the techniques so that the moves become more instinctive. I would highly recommend the course for anyone who wants to feel safer in their everyday lives.  We laughed through the whole class and had a great time, and it was a great bonding experience in addition to being educational.  You won't regret taking this class.
Gabi is hilarious, interactive and engaging. We had an on-site course for our organization and it was amazing! Everyone enjoyed the accessibility of her teaching as well as her charismatic personality. I would highly recommend her for any organization or company that wishes to give their members the tools they need to stay safe!
This course is a must for all women!     The course is only  two hours, but amazingly  Gabi covers and conveys clearly a wealth of information on the subject matter of awareness and defense as well as providing some personal accounts of defusing certain situations.  Second hour is  fun.  You will get hands-on lessons on striking your attacker and learn how to successfully escape holds/grabs.  You will leave the class feeling much more confident.
What a cool class - a very worthwhile $65 / 2 hour investment for any girl living in the city.  I wasn't totally sure what to expect when we arrived, but it definitely exceeded anything I could have pictured.  Gabi was full of really insightful and smart, practical tips that really made me think about my everyday routine and how to be more aware and more in control of situations before they become SITUATIONS.  Not only that, but it was funny and fun to be there.  So impressed!
This class seriously made me feel so much safer and more confident in my ability to defend myself and get out of bad situations. The two hours were absolutely packed with information, but Gabrielle explained her advice really well and answered all of our questions. She gave easy, practical tips that can make a world of a difference and the physical techniques were really easy to learn. She had us practice all of our new skills, which was a great teaching technique. I can't recommend this class enough to everyone! I think everyone, especially in a big city, should learn the basics of how to take control of a situation and get yourself out of it. I am so grateful for Gabrielle's teaching skills and I can't wait to go back for my physical refresher course! :)
I really enjoyed this class.  I definitely gained an understanding of how to be clever and prevent a bad situation from ever happening.  I also gained some self defense moves to help me if I am ever in a situation where I feel threatened.   This class was fun as well.  Gabi is a great teacher.   You'll have a good time but you will leave with some knowledge that we should all have to protect ourselves.
Excellent. Gabrielle is knowledgeable, entertaining, and thorough. During the first hour, she taught us how to avoid dangerous situations. In the second, she taught us simple physical maneuvers to protect and defend ourselves. I highly recommend it.
First, I'm going to say this woman is brilliant.  She must make a killing.  I've had 3 different crimes committed against me, 2 of them violent and 2 of them occurring in NYC.  So I often have a hard time not feeling vulnerable.  I don't even believe in safety at all anymore.  However, this class made me feel much better.  The moves she teaches stem from common sense and instinct, so I feel that I'd have a better chance of using the remember them in the moment.  She's absolutely funny and easy to talk to, so we felt great asking questions and getting feedback from her.  If you do the open enrollment you spend the first hour listening to her explain different habits or responses you should practice and then the second hour is all physical movement that you practice with her or a partner.  I'm not sure if it's worth $65 just because the moves she teaches are so simple that you could probably look them up on youtube and the material in the first hour you could just read off the sheet she gives you.  That being said, I still feel it was a highly effective class and have already recommended it to my friends.  There are so many people--not just women--who need this, I just wish it was more affordable.  Bonus: she sells all these handy self-defense tools that she explains how to use for $5 after the class.
This class totally deserves the 5 star rating it has on here! Gabi is an awesome instructor. She's a born and raised New Yorker so she really does have a lot of tips that are geared towards city living. She was hilarious and also very down to earth. The first part of the class was all talking, and how to avoid NOT being a target for "bad guys." A lot of it was common sense, but there were definitely a lot of things I had never thought of before! The second part of the class focuses on all of the physical moves that you can use in the event that you DO get attacked. Gabi goes around the room many times letting everyone try the moves they just learned, and she definitely emphasizes that practice is key. I'm so happy I took this class. Her humor and great attitude take this class to another level, and the things I learned are not only things I will teach my family and friends, but tips that I will carry with me forever.
This class was amazing! The practical aspect of how to prevent the attack from happening in the first place was incredibly helpful and empowering. Also, learning the places on the body to strike and ways to free myself if attacked and/or grabbed gives me confidence that, if it were to happen, I would be able to defend myself. I feel much safer walking the streets because I feel prepared and know what to watch for. Thanks Gabi!!!
FANTASTIC COURSE!  Extremly informative and engaging.  Gabrielle, the instructor, was warm, funny and extremely knowledgable.  I cannot recommend this class enough.  If you have ever thought of taking such a course, this is the one!
Not only do I feel more aware and confident, Gabrielle was fantastic and funny and I really enjoyed my time in class.  Can't recommend enough.
I actually registered on Yelp just so I could review this course and give it a rave. It's incredibly effective. Gabrielle is that rare combination of focused and fast and funny and followable, so you end up absorbing so much information on simultaneous levels-- physical, psychological and rational. I've never taken a class like this before and was debating those multiple session deals. This is better. The approach makes sense-- you don't leave thinking you can kick anyone's a** who tries to mess with you, you leave learning how not to get messed with in the first place, and then some backup techniques in case you are. I'm 42 and have lived in the city for 25 years and never taken a class like this. So if you're like me, and are browsing around self defense class options with much skepticism, all I can say is I left filled with adrenaline and confidence that I know I'll always be able to call on at a moment's notice. In two hours. So worth it.
