The meeting place is called Arlene's grocery, but it's definitely a bar, which was pretty interesting. This is all you could have asked for in a murder mystery show. The actors were amazing. They send you out to question "suspects" related to a murder and give you notepads to take notes. The suspects are super realistic, and we definitely almost missed the first one. We also accidentally talked to some random people on the streets thinking they were part of the show, which goes to show how realistic and immersive it was. It was definitely funny to see the expressions and reactions of people on the streets when they saw who we were talking to.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday in November and we had the best time! From the moment we walked into the building everyone was in character. After getting our ids checked by two "cops" we were taken upstairs to a gym that had been converted into a party atmosphere and were served food and drinks. All of a sudden a drag show started and before we knew it we were being asked to join in on the vogueing too. Then we were broken into teams, briefed on the case we were to solve and let loose into the city! They had actors stationed all around Hell's Kitchen that we had to find and interview in order to to solve the mystery. At the end, everyone reconvened and present their theory on who the killer was before the killer was revealed. Everyone here really seems to care a lot about what they're doing and genuinely seems to want you to have a good time. I would recommend this to anyone who likes interactive theatre or looking for entertainment options that are kind of exciting or different.
The Lombardi Case was alright. It was hard to figure out who the culprit was. For some reason I wasn't too engaged in the murder mystery. They had great props and costumes. You get separated into groups and the people you sit together at the table are your teammates. You get a leader, notepad, and pencil to record down your findings. You get to question the people located around the neighborhood. You can find interesting characters from the janitor to a man dressed in drag. Halfway into the story I was lost and didn't really know what to make of who the murderer was. I think none of the groups were able to figure out who the murderer was. It was an interesting experience however I will probably not go to one anytime soon again.
I LOVE this concept and the execution is fantastic!  I have done 2 of their show so far.  The Lombardi Case set in the 1970's and the Ryan Case set in the 1870's.  Both were excellent though I think the Lombardi case may be my favorite. A few details in case you haven't done anything like this before.  The premise is basically that you and all of the other participants are new recruits on the police force.  They give you a map, a constables hat, note pads and pictures of some people that you will meet on your route.  Your captain (or whoever for that time period) briefs you and allows you to ask questions.  Then he sends you out on the street in groups to solve the murder or murders. The best thing about it is that the actors are excellent!  They not only interact with you but also people in the street (who are always disconcerted and its quite funny). Only in NY could you have a woman dressed up like an 1870s wife, selling coal and people don't even give it a second glance.   What makes it so interesting is that it is never straight forward, they throw in a lot of misdirections, the characters lie, you need to learn to ask the right questions etc etc.  it's a lot of fun and I know I will be going back.   Great for a date, groups of friends you can even do it by yourself because they'll put you on a team.  Try it, you'll love it!
Love the experience! The actors are extremely in characters and they are acting in your face! Love it :) a lot of subtle little hints to help you to solve the mystery! Pretty challenging and so much fun! Good for groups and couples!
Our company treated us to this amazing experience where we got to unwind and experience these first class actors and company. From start to finish wee had fun and got to be part of It live on the streets of new York.
We did the Lombardi case which was entertaining, the ending was acceptable and plausible. All the actors were engaged and professional. I would recommend this to all.
I had an excellent time at the Live IN theater. Not knowing what to expect, I went with a group of 10. It's an interactive mystery game where we are part of the action as detectives figuring out the killer and his motives and you are really left guessing. It feels like you're in CSI. The actors are awesome and never/rarely break character. If you like theater, mystery, crimes, games, and/or good times, I highly suggest this activity. You get more than a show, you get an experience. I can't wait to do it again. Side note: We got 50% of the tickets via Living Social.  I think tickets normally include a complimentary drink. goldstar.com is a good place to look for discount tickets to this show.
My fiance and I recently participated in the Lombardi Case. The actors did a fantastic job, especially the woman portraying a prostitute. The event is timed fairly and if you're into it, you can interact with all of the actors to try and solve the crime. As with our previous experience, we happened to have yet another drunk person in our party. She almost ruined the experience for me, but held it together the whole time. My only suggestion to the company is to make a TWO DRINK LIMIT before the start of the case, as everyone meets at a local LES bar. For discounted tickets to Lombardi Case, my go-to was:  goldstar.com/join?p=F124… Enjoy!!
Heard about this at the fantastic Tenement Museum and decided to get tickets for The Ryan Case. Me and my two friends, all historians, had such a great time. I was surprised at how quickly we totally got into the story, the actors are amazing. I really felt like a detective. Everyone is put into groups so you will likely be grouped with people you don't know, but that is kind of part of the fun. Although one person in our group was a little annoying, I liked our group and they seemed to give everyone the opportunity to ask questions. And we got closest to solving the case! We will do the Lombardi Case soon and they said they are working on some new cases, which sounds very exciting and I will definitely try and solve those murders too!
I did "The Lombardi Case", and I can't wait to do "The Ryan Case". Very well designed; very well executed. It's an immersive experience in which the public is integral part of the play, walking down the streets in lower Manhattan and interacting with the characters, trying to figure out the murder of a crime. Just awesome.
Truly amazing. honestly, one of the coolest things we did in NYC. We did the home stay one of the lombardi show. I was most impressed by the quality of acting. We actually thought some of the characters were real!!!
We went to the Ryan Case 1873- it was very fun and a good way to spend a few hours in NYC.  They did oversell the performance, so everyone who purchased through Groupon (without a specific date attached to their voucher) couldn't get in, even though it was fine through Goldstar. The acting was good and the show was entertaining.  I wouldn't pay full price ($50 a person), but if you can get a deal, it is worth it.  You do walk around SoHo to interview the characters, so it is a good way to explore a cool neighborhood.
I experienced the Lombardi case this afternoon with my boyfriend and a group of other adventurous New Yorkers. The bottom line: I had a great time with the entire experience. It was engaging, funny, smart and the acting was awesome. This was a great way to spend the afternoon on a date, with family from out of town or a group of friends.
I just experienced the "1975 Lombardi Case" and it was AWESOME!! My girlfriends and I had a wonderful time and we met some cool people. This is a family friendly/date friendly Theater. The location was an easy find, good restaurants and bars close by for after or before the Theater. I'm still SMILING from last nights experience it was GREAT! I would recommend everybody and anybody to go. I know I will definitely go again!! P.S. I'll give it 5 extra stars!
New Yorker or tourist alike, you will have a great time experiencing Live IN Theater. My daughter and I did "The Lombardi Case." It was so much fun. You show up to the "precinct" and the actors are already in character. They're playing 70s music with police sirens and street noise being pumped in the room and the fun begins. The actors were great and it was an entertaining two hours that went by pretty quickly. The basic idea is you and the rest of the "audience" are rookie cops and you literally go out on the streets to solve a murder mystery. The suspects and witnesses are out in the neighborhood and it's your job to find them, talk to them, and then go back to the precinct to help "make an arrest." I look forward to going back with the rest of my family to try another one of their storylines.
Twice now we have done shows with Live In theater with our high school mentoring program. We've done the Ryan case and Lombardi case. Carlo and crew are awesome, the production is great and truly interactive. They adapted to our teenage population and really engaged our kids. We all had a great time and the actors were really great. I highly recommend any of the Live In productions, so much fun!!
Saw the Ryan Case of 1873. The actors were all excellent. They are out on the street in character interacting with the people walking by. Most people didn't pay attention to them until our group started conversing with them. Great setup for audience involvement in helping solve the murder mystery. Interviewing the characters was fun (have comfortable shoes as it's about 90 minutes outside grilling suspects). It's helpful to have creative questions to ask the characters as some will lie.  The reveal on stage was also done very nicely. It is also a great activity for a group of 6-8 friends on a nice day. I am curious to see their other show The Lombardi Case.
Just went this afternoon to see The Lombardi Case. What an awesome theater idea! It was so much fun getting to actually participate in a show. The actors were amazing! I can't wait to go do another show, which I am about to book...
Carlo, Jason and the team are amazing.  I found Live In Theater online, partly based on their amazing Yelp reviews, and asked Carlo to help me set up a customized version of the Lombardi case for my girlfriend's birthday party.  We had 15 skeptical 30-something new yorkers take part and we could not have had a better time. The case is far from obvious, the acting is superb, and the surprises came over and over. Hoping to set up another round with them for an office party and would highly recommend the event to anyone that likes uniquely fun experiences.
A group of 20 of us participated in the Lombardi Case this weekend and it was a blast! The actors are phenomenal and my whole group had a fantastic time. Everyone must try this. We went for a private show for my friends birthday and they were great and all went out of their way to mention her in the scenes. AMAZING.
Absolutely amazing experience!  We went with as a group of seven and had an awesome time getting info from the suspects on the street.  Actually want to do the Ryan case and new Venus Extravaganza show that is opening this week.   Actors was superb and we LOVE Jesus de San Juan!
WOW! Just WOW! I go see lots of performances in NY, and this just knocked my socks off. I took a friend from DC to see The Lombardi Case, and it was like nothing I've ever done before. You get to be a detective off Law & Order or CSI. You walk around actually solving a case! It's smart, fun, and funny. It's less theatre and more an experience (though the actors were incredible). I will definitely go see their other shows. Highly recommended.
I think of Live IN Theater as a Murder Mystery on steroids! This group knows how to push the envelope as far as it can go (short of a real murder!).  It's exciting and edgy and the actors must have brass ones to act all this out in period costume in a public forum!  But it's also so much fun to what passersby try to figure out "What in tarnation is going on here!"  Only in New York!
Went for "The Ryan Case 1873" last night and had a blast. This was based on an actual unsolved case dealing with the murder of Nicholas and Mary Ryan in December of 1873. The actors were top notch and totally convincing....A really fun evening. Totally worth the 40 dollar charge. I'll be going to the next case coming up next month.
We had a great time solving the Lombardi murder mystery. The crew was amazing, talented and very entertaining. It was a rainy Sunday in the city, but we walked the streets, questioning the suspects, trying to solve the murder. It was a great interactive NY experience. I highly recommend this activity as a family or with friends. Loved it.
This was part of YELP SUNDAY FUNDAY A  few weeks back. I got to see the Lombardi case 1975 on a sunday afternoon, 3PM (for free) then experience the Elite event Upstairs at the Kimberly the same day. -This was really fun interactive theater.  I loved it.  You got a great performance from the actors. -This was a very interesting tour of the neighborhood actually. -Also, as you are walking around, it was kind of hard to guess who were the actors part of the show, or just shady looking people in general looking weird in manhattan ( crazy, kooky) -My fav of the actors was the one who played the chief and the guy who was the brother of the victim Lombardi... Trixie wAS A cool character as well.  I LOVED seeing other people's reactions on the street to how our event was unfolding, they looked like they did not know what to make of this, maybe they THOUGHT we were filming a television show. -Thanks Yelp again for the tickets. -It was funny too the year is supposed to be 1975, so someone mentioned Tiger Woods and Youtube, the actor played along and was like "who's that", " what's that"....I thought that was cool. -There were groups of 5 to 9 people that would move around to solve this case. We had our notepads, pens and had to pay attention to the details. -This was a really hot day, but enjoyable still walking around manhattan. -I have to agree you get to play a little bit of CSI, you have a map too of the area that one person in the group uses to get around. -Had a great time, and the case was not as easy as you would think to solve -Now, I ACTUALLY want to see the RYAN CASE 1873 one as well. -Thanks again Yelp and it was a great way to spend some time in the city. Normal price tickets are about $30 to $40.  There are some discounts that can be found on line.
Did the Lombardi Case. What a BLAST. The actors are all so funny and great at improv. It is like Law and Order SVU (because sex and drugs are involved) and you question witnesses in the middle of Nolita. You have a team and follow a map...perfect. The day we went it randomly started pouring with rain and so we just stepped into a bar and had a beer with our team (it was really fun), and when it stopped we continued on. You meet up in what looks like a school building but it is the "precinct" and the fun starts as soon as you walk in the door. They give you a folder with pictures and little notepads to write your questions on. I can't wait to try out the "Ryan Case."
My first experience with a live theater evening. This was by far a lot of fun. I went to the Lombardi Case and it definitely is super engaging and the actors are great in their roles. Also they love to mess around and engage people in smart and witty dialogue. Definitely try to go, it is worth every dime.
loved the ryan case.  very intriguing mystery.   also saw the lombardi case in its infancy - wasnt as blown away by that one, but hopefully theyve worked out some of the kinks in that show by now...still, all in all, a fun evening.
Totally enjoyed the experience, lots of fun! We were separated into groups and our team was really great and enthusiastic about the whole thing and that made it even more fun. The actors were fabulous and stayed in character the whole time which I know must have been difficult being that the action takes place out in public with on lookers staring and in two cases the onlookers actually joined in. If you love to people watch then this would be good for you because half the fun is seeing the reactions of all the people walking by and stopping to watch you being yelled at by a drugged out transvestite or an angry cop. I loved walking around the Little Italy/Chinatown neighborhoods and seeing it from a different perspective especially since the Lombardi case took place in 1976 and the characters where all dressed and talking as if they were back in the 70's. And as you ask questions and your whole group really gets into the case you can almost see and feel what it must have been like on the streets back then and especially the way each of the characters describes what life is like. It's just a wonderful 2 hours and a fun way to be a part of a play and help move the action forward. Also you meet some really nice people. I do think it would be especially fun if you come with a group of friends and then go out and enjoy a great meal or drinks at one of the amazing dining establishments nearby and basically make a whole day/night of it.
Highly recommend the Lombardi case.  Bring a partner to help look for clues.  While you may see homeless, trannys, junkies and cops on the streets, it's not every day you get to chat with them and solve a case.  Acting was great, very interactive and extremely intelligent.   Make sure you have your coffee and donuts first!
Reallly cool concept.  We saw the 2pm show of the Ryan case.  The actors are great, but in terms of going out in really depends who is in your group.  Our team members weren't that bright so it got frustrating.  Go with a group of 4 or more, and get your tickets on Goldstar to save $20 bucks.
Awesome theater experience. My family and I "worked" the Lombardi Case in celebration of my 30th birthday. I love murder mysteries and this experience was fun, well executed, the actors are phenomenal, and the case had us stumped for a bit (which is definitely a sign of thoughtful, quality work) ! I will definitely attend another show! Everyone said it was awesome... even my mom, and she is not easily won over!
We helped solve a real 19th century murder in New York's 5 Points district, and saw excellent theater at the same time.  The idea is fantastic, and the execution was perfect.  Actors are available afterwards for discussion.  We loved this and will do it again!}
We celebrated my daughter's 14th birthday by going to Live-In theater, the Lombardi case.  We had such a great time, it was absolutely awesome!  We can't wait to try this again on another trip to New York City.   Highly recommend that you try this, you won't be sorry!
Wow. The Lombardi Case was fabulous. Our party of 6 can't stop laughing days later. The most unique and fun experience any of us has ever had. The actors were excellent and the characters priceless. Can't wait to see the other shows. Must be able to deal with "street" language and behaviors. Helena P
I can't say enough good things about my experience! Two friends went with me to The Lombardi Case.  It was hands down the best activity we participated in while visiting NY.  I have been telling everyone about this interactive theater.  I am looking forward to Bootlegger's Run, but unfortunately doesn't appear it will be up and running for my upcoming trip to NY.  I highly recommend checking out one of their shows.
I went to see the Lombardi case yesterday and it was amazing. Def alot of fun along with twists and turns. I found this show on Living Social but even if I wasn't able to find discounted tickets its still a great show to see full price. All the actors did a great job and I would love to see another live show. Hats off to the directors on this one!
This interactive show is AWESOME FUN! It is an experience not just a show. I went to The Ryan Case 1873. You first meet in a room and hear about the facts of the case and get instructions. You break up into groups..with leaders and hats with badges...HOW FUN! You get a map to follow. AWESOME.You get a notepad and pencil to write notes. Everyone heads out with their groups. You come up to the characters of the play...you get to play a little Law and Order/CSI..you are an Encyclopedia Brown....you question these characters...you determine if they are suspects..you piece the stories together and you get to come up with theories when you go back to the meeting place....and the play plays out in front of your eyes and you are a participant in it. It is so interactive with the actors and with the rest of the audience. It is super fun. It is the best time I had "watching" a show. Cool thing! I can't wait to watch show after show after show at Live In Theater. If you ask me on a date...this is what I want to do....solve a case! HOW FUN!
The very best company party event (and I've done at least 40 of these type events) I have ever done.  Beats a barbecue, bowling night, scavenger hunts, or the traditional band, dinner and dancing thing.  Go to their website, and see more.  Then go and enjoy.  Everyone had a good time in our group of 35 or so folk.  Five stars all the way!
