In preparation for your wait, bring an umbrella, something to sit on, snacks/water, and something to keep yourself entertained. If you are waiting in line for tickets and you're at or past the big rock you are most likely wasting your time. The first time we got there at 8:30am, we were about 15 people past the big rock and they ran out of tickets with about 12-15 people in front of us. The second time we got there at 7:30am, we were right before the big rock and they ran out of tickets with 4 people ahead of us. The third time we arrived at 5:45am before the park opened and easily got tickets after our 6 hour wait. The play we saw was King Lear. Our seats were in the back row lined up with center stage, so we had a great view of the whole show.  The acting was phenomenal, the whole cast really put on a great show. The sets were minimal, but they did an amazing job with the lighting effects. I especially enjoyed the shadow effects when Lear was going mad. Overall, it was definitely worth the 16 or so hours of waiting in the park for tickets. PS dont expect any straight answers from the staff while you are waiting in line: they don't know how many tickets are available and they will not venture to give you an estimate of your chances of getting a ticket.
Shakespeare In The Park is a wonderful NYC tradition. It is amazing that The Public brings such outstanding actors and productions to the stage for FREE every summer. Of course, they are working with great material! My routine is to get to Central Park West and 81st by 5:45 am. By 6:15ish, the employees of The Public have us all to our official resting spots. 6 hours later I have 2 free tickets in my hand! I actually enjoy sitting in my camp chair and relaxing in Central Park all morning. Some people use the online lottery process, but I just enjoy the old fashioned way. There is plenty of time to go get cleaned up and get some rest before the show at 8. There are a couple of delis that will deliver food directly to you in line! I like Andy's best.
My experience leading up to Shakespeare in the Park a few weeks ago felt about as dramatic as an Elizabethan-era play, but thankfully it was more a comedy than a tragedy (although it did not end with me getting married). I had been trying to win tickets through the online lottery all of last summer, and never had any luck. My luck finally changed this year, albeit on a day with a high chance of rain, as I scored two tickets to the first performance of the summer: Much Ado About Nothing. Still, I figured there was a chance it might not rain too, so I planned on heading over around 6 pm to pick up my tickets since you need to arrive at the Delacorte box office by 7 to claim them. Unfortunately, despite an official 0% chance of it raining at 6, it was absolutely pouring outside with thunder and lightning to boot. I was getting totally soaked - still I trudged on. I was frozen stiff - still I trudged on. I was walking in Central Park amidst flashes of lightning - probably not smart but still, I trudged on. Finally, a little past 7, I arrived at the wonderful Delacorte box office, equipped with a roof(!). Thankfully, even though I didn't make it right at 7, the box office guys were understanding and let me have my tickets, although I wouldn't assume that would happen on a normal day. I waited from 7 to 8 under the roof with a bunch of people, and nobody was sure if the show would start late or even at all. Thankfully, amazingly, at around 8:15 the skies mostly cleared up and we were allowed inside. We were supposed to put our umbrellas down once anyone appeared onstage, but people did keep them up until the actual performance began. By that time, though, the rain had stopped completely and we were in for a beautiful night of theater. The theater was only about half full on this night, but the actors didn't appear to let that stop them from putting on an amazing performance. The experience was intimate (we got to move way closer to the stage and toward the center) and we felt like we were there on a special night. I was not at all familiar with Much Ado, but it turned out to be really funny and engaging. The Early Modern English can be a bit jarring at first, but eventually you catch on. The actual lines were very funny but I also enjoyed the direction; the actors used a lot of intonations and nonverbals to give the play a more modern feel without changing any of the dialogue. There is an intermission in which you can visit the concession stand. We did not get a chance to eat before we came due to all of the craziness, so we did get something there. I had a bacon and ranch hot dog and lemonade, and later a cappuccino since it was actually quite chilly outside. The food wasn't bad, there's a large menu, and it's overpriced but not, like, Broadway show overpriced. Jn conclvsione, trye to score some tickets and enioye ye theatre-goinge experience.
Summer'14 was over and I didn't see the Shakespeare's play at Central Park. I missed the chance. I thought it would be wonderful.
This year's production of Much Ado About Nothing is absolutely superb! If you can get tickets it is well worth your time spent. This is my second time attending and I've always enjoyed myself. The last one I saw was Twelfth Night with Anne Hathaway in 2009. But I have to say, this years performance blew that out of the water. Hammish Linklater who plays Benedict and Lily Rabe who plays Beatrice absolutely steal the show. It is hilarious, approachable, and thoroughly enjoyable. I want to see it a million more times before it closes. The shows generally start around 8pm and it's a good idea to grab a bite to eat before arriving (Shake Shake on the West Side is fairly close!). They have a limited eats menu, mostly hot dogs which all look tasty, so if you can't be too picky. They have the average selection of alcoholic beverages for an outdoor joint, some local beers, BudLight, sangria, and a red and white wine option. Nothing fancy, and reasonably price, about what you'd find at a bar. This is such a great experience for New Yorkers and visitors alike. Everyone should go at least once in their stay in the city.
If you have always thought you should have been born during the Elizabethan era, coming to Shakespeare in the Park will definitely make you feel at peace. Although the chairs are way too small for people 6 feet and up, the play is well done, and best of all FREE! Getting tickets can be a hassle, if you're not set on any day you can apply online and hope to get two tickets for free. Now, bring wine and snacks to avoid paying $6 for a sangria or beer. Also, avoid the bathroom during intermission because of the super hectic lines. The actual shows are always wonderful!
This is a MUST DO for New Yorkers or people visiting the City during the summer months. Shakespeare in the Park is a summer tradition and there's nothing quite like watching a professional play in an open-air theater. It's breathtakingly beautiful to see the sky gradually change from sunset to pitch black during the course of the performance. Getting tickets can be a bit tricky since the lines can be super long, but it's worthwhile to enter the virtual lottery daily since there is no cost involved. My wife once waited 16 hours for tickets! I wouldn't go that far... but for most performances people start lining up at Central Park at 6am in order to get tickets which are given away at noon. One tip for getting tickets is to go the first day of a show or during a rainy day that is scheduled to clear up by performance time. I've been to a few performances (recently Much Ado About Nothing, 2014) and none of them have been bad. Occasionally they have big stars like Al Pacino and Anne Hathaway grace the stages. And the best part is the tickets are absolutely free!
Ahh, Shakespeare in the Park, besides the helicopters and planes and sirens and the raccoon that ran across the stage, it rained for all the second act. It was wonderful! You haven't seen King Lear till you see it in the rain. Lithgow was truly amazing.
Shakespeare in the Park is an incredible, must-do experience, if you can get a ticket. The theater is small, all the seats are great, and being there under the stars is magical. The talent is always top notch. Getting a ticket is the hardest part. It may just be my impression but it seems that there are fewer free tickets being given away now that they are offering sponsorships. They seem to run out very fast at the ticket giveaways, and are oddly secretive about how many free tickets are actually being given away each day. If you don't have a connection to the show, corporate sponsorship, individual sponsorship, etc. you are going to need all the luck you can get!
I am glad I could cross this off my bucket list. Outdoor theatre, fabulous actors, strolling around Central Park before the show - it made for a great way to spend the evening. The free tickets are distributed at the Delacorte Theatre in Central Park at 12 noon. I have heard the queue gets pretty crazy and people start lining up since early morning. On specific dates, a limited number of vouchers are distributed at locations though out the five boroughs. I won two tickets for The Comedy of Errors on the daily lottery. Amenities: Food and drink are available for purchase at the cafe outside the theatre. Restrooms are located near the theatre. The performance by the actors was good. We got a little surprise when the actors started speaking Shakespearean. I had assumed the show would be in normal English. It was a little hard to follow at first; but since we already knew the story of The Comedy of Errors it became easier. We were sitting in Row S section M, and had a pretty good view of the stage. The lighting and sound was great. The stage was beautifully designed. The show was really funny and we had a great time. I would love to catch other performances!
I've been fortunate enough to see two Shakespeare in the Park plays: Into the Woods last season, and Comedy of Errors this season. Now, I'm not a theater guy, so you may want to take what I'm about to say with the biggest grain of salt, but THESE TWO SHOWS WERE AMONG THE BEST THAT I'VE EVER SEEN. And, it's FREE! What more could you even ask for? There are two ways to get free tickets: waiting in line for free tickets in the wee hours of the morning [they are distributed at the Delacorte Theatre in Central Park at noon, but plan on getting to the line before the sun even rises], or via the virtual lottery. The virtual ticketing system is easy as pie. It takes just a second to enter, and, if you're lucky, you'll score two tickets that can be picked up just before the start of the show*! I look forward to taking my chances in getting into a show next season! ___ * Just don't enter on the days that I do. ;)
I have been to a few of these. I think the lines are unfair, or there is something fishy about the tickets, because my friend and his sister were among the first in line, and yet they were still seated in the middle and to the side. So the front and center tickets are given to others or maybe they are reserved. I guess you'd have to ask them how they got them.
Lined up at around 9am for a Friday night performance of "Comedy of Errors".  The line wasn't as long as I had feared (but it was during the first 2 weeks of the run).   I was kind of afraid I wouldn't know what was going on, but the play was pretty easy to understand. The actors were all amazing.  Even with a set technical malfunction in the middle of a scene (which caused a 10 minute delay), they were all really professional and played it off well.
If it's going on, enter to win tickets on their website, it just might happen! The shows are absolutely majestic and often have drawing star-power. We won our tickets and packed a picnic, ate it in Central Park on a rock, hung out at the castle perches above the theatre, and then went in to see the show. The place was completely packed and we were sat in the second to last row, flanking the stage on the extreme extreme left. I just don't enjoy theatre without a great seat. If you can't see the actor's expressions, you are basically watching stick figures move around on a 2D canvas. Also, I'm not sure if this is a problem in the lower seats but up top, we were gettin eaten by bugs who were swarming around the stadium lights 10 feet above our heads. Every so often, you would see a patch of 30-50 people swatting viciously at mosquitos or whatever they were as the swarm descended to feast on the living. Very unpleasant! We ended up leaving halfway through the production of Into the Woods, mostly because our seat was horrible and secondly, that show is just not for me, PU Sir. Give me Westside Story, Jesus Christ Superstar, even Chicago, but Into the Woods? I'd never seen it before and I absolutely hated it. Even so, it was absolute magic to be in Central Park at night, together, experiencing a Broadway quality show!
there are few things that are worth getting up at 6AM for. Shakespeare in the Park is at the top of that list. We got in line a little after 9AM, were told our chances were "fair to good" then "fair to poor" it was the final night of "Love's Labour's Lost" so I was not shocked. The staff was so nice and helpful to everyone I saw them interact with during this time. We got to the front of the line and got our tickets around 12:30ish, but YAY we got tickets. When we came back for show time the staff again was super helpful, everyone I talked to here, ushers to the merch girls to the people working the lines, were all SO NICE. The production was AMAZING and I am so glad to have had the chance to have this experience, I would do this again in a heartbeat, no questions asked.
I was really blown away by "The Comedy of Errors" last week!! I had low expectations because it is Shakespeare...but then again, his lines can be so witty in subtle ways that really make you LOL.  And yes, I was cracking up at the various lines throughout the play.  You have to really pay attention to get it all!  Haha. I liked the props, scenery and just...being able to sit outside on a warm, Sunday night and enjoy some live entertainment. Oh, and the best part?  It's absolutely free!  I just did the virtual online drawing each day for 5 days, and on Sunday, my boo and I both won two tickets so we could come with our 2 friends :).  Yay! Just to add-I recently went to see "Love's Labour's Lost" as well, and got the virutal online drawing on a Sunday yet again!  It was raining, however, so while it was cool to see the actors perform in the rain, they eventually stopped the show after a little over an hour passed :(  booo.  But, the show was scenic, bubbly and fun while it lasted!
Shakespeare in the Park is one of those uniquely NYC experiences that everyone should experience. It's a tough ticket (since it's a limited run during the summer) but well worth the ticket price (donations / supporter program) or the long wait in line. 2012's Into the Woods was absolutely incredible (featured Amy Adams) and I cannot wait for this summer's shows. The wait to get tickets will set you back at least a couple hours (if not more). I waited only once and barely made the cut (got one of the last dozen or so tickets). It's a long wait and you better bring a chair (if you don't want to stand the entire time nor sit on the ground) and bring something to keep you busy. It's a frustrating process because there is no guarantee you will get tickets if you get there by a certain time, make it within a certain part of the line etc. On the day I went, the show was on the verge of being canceled because of rain but it eventually went on (after a 30 minute or so delay). The further back you are in the line to wait for tickets, the more likely you will 1) get side view seats (still close to the stage but just not straight ahead view) and 2) get tickets that are not together. Once seated, you get a sense of who waited in line, bought tickets, or has some sort of membership. As some other reviewers mentioned, there were some annoying, loud kids in the area where we sat and I had to call them (and their parents). Don't be afraid to publicly shame such individuals. After intermission, some seats might free up so be ready to pounce on better/closer seats at this time once it's clear individuals are not returning.
I'm not really a fan of shakespeare, and the first 30 minutes of A Comedy of Errors left me utterly confused since I couldn't understand what the actors were saying. Eventually I caught on and it got better.   The overall experience is very cool and even better to be able to use this as a date night for free makes it amazing.   Come early and check out the garden and the castle. Only bad thing about this is the ticketing system since you have to get lucky and win them online.
I had the privlege of getting hooked up with tix because I was playwright in residence with the Public Theater, so my experience is much more hoity-toity than most, aka, we didn't wait in line, had amazing seats, etc. LOL we saw that Hispanic chick from Rent, the movie, what the hell was her name, oh Rosario Dawson, it was last year's show The Gentlemen of Verona. Oh my God. Rosario, although a sexy mama, could not act to save her freakin life. She SUCKED. Negative 6 stars for movie actors on a real stage. However, all the other actors were totally professional and way above my expectations because I think they are real live Shakespearean trained actors from the Public Theater program. It was GORGEOUS seeing Shakespeare in Central park with the background of the trees and seeing the black sky above. Oh man. One of my best NY experiences. Did you hear that? I mean one of the BEST NY experiences. Better than hanging out with my neighbors getting drunk during the blackout when I lived in Gramercy Park even. I mean, this is something you really do not want to miss. Plus, I was with my schlub ex who I hated at the time, and it was still an amazing experience. We brought wine and cheese and crackers and smiled stupidly at all the other audience members who were having an amazing time too. I think we were mostly freaked out because we were getting drunk and eating while watching a play. Try doing THAT at freaking Wicked. Bite me! Box office peeps told me that people begin waiting in line at 9am for the 1pm box office opening. If you have the time to wait in line, I highly recommend the experience.
Shakespeare in the Park is one of my fave NYC institutions. How can you go wrong when you combine Shakespeare with an outdoor amphitheater with FREE tickets? While winning tickets in the lottery requires a bit of luck (I've never won myself but I have friends with better luck than I do!), it's totally worth not knowing until the day of what your evening will bring, if you could possibly end up here. The theater itself is a bit small, especially compared to some of the theaters on Broadway, but it feels like no seat is bad. You often get to see big-name actors (Jesse Tyler Ferguson from Modern Family is in the current production), in a much more intimate environment. There are minimal special effects, just simple theater, which is how I like my Shakespeare. Pick up a picnic to eat in the park after you pick up your tickets or buy some food from one of the nearby vendors. Shakespeare in the Park is a wonderful way to spend a summer evening!
I'm afraid this has become such a hot ticket that it's attracting people who are more interested in tweeting "I'm at Shakespeare in the Park!" than actually watching a Shakespeare performance. At a performance of "All's Well That Ends Well" a few weeks ago, I was chagrined to observe the mid-20's female sitting next to me punch away on her blackberry throughout the first act -- she'd then drop it into her bag, only to reach for it 30 seconds later after giggling and whispering with her group -- and repeat, and repeat. Needless to say, she and her group left after intermission. Good riddance, but what a waste of such coveted tickets! The performance was very good, though somewhat uneven, as some actors were clearly more skilled than others. The set was cleverly designed, and sound and lighting were both seamless. All in all, very well done. Shakespeare in the Park is deserving of its status as a NY institution, and there is no better venue than gorgeous Central Park. Once you have tickets secured, bring a picnic and hang out on the grass nearby before curtain. I wasn't sure it'd be the case, but no one seemed to mind that we were pouring wine with abandon.
Here are some tips for those of you who never win anything through lottery (ie, ME, who tried everyday since it opened and didn't get the tickets on virtual line). I went to line up on a weekend and a weekday.  On the weekend, we got there at 8:45am and yes, we underestimated how EARLY you have to be.  We camped under the sign that said "this is the end of the line"near the reservoir.  By 10:30am, a stuff came by and announced, "If you're at this spot, you may get ticket if everyone in front of you get only 1 ticket".  And as we all know, that doesn't happen.  He said on a weekend you have to get here at the latest by 6:45am (I think the park opens at 6am) and on a weekday 8:30am. We dragged our disappointed azz home and tried again on a Thursday.  We got there at 8am sharp and was at a slope near a big rock.  Apparently it's called the 50/50 rock, which marks about the end spot where they might run out of tickets.  By 1pm, as the moment of truth came, we waited our verdict, and YES!!!!! WE GOT TICKETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  A friend of mine was 10 minutes late and was further back in the line, so we waited for him.  Unfortunately, he was just 5 people short of getting a ticket :(  BUT!  They give out 50 vouchers which place you in front of the stand by line at 6:30 for a chance of 2 tickets if two of you show up.  They told us there is a very good chance of getting ticket at the standby line if you have a voucher. We were pretty disappointed the first time but hey, at least they didn't wait till last minute to tell us :D  Another thing is before they hand out tickets, they will ask whether someone cut the line and you will have a chance to call out people who do, so don't jump the line at 12;20 and screw the people who got there at 8:30!!
giving less than 4 stars to a free, professional performance is just plain mean. that being said, Winter's tale AND Merchant of Venice most definitely deserve FIVE! Awesome cast, directing, and sets. Tip: call them the day before the performance to ask for a good estimate of when to get in line.  I haven't missed a performance since 2005!
It is a hidden treasure which is no longer hidden One of the best summer time activities; Please make sure you donate something - even if its only $ 10 to keep this institution running I especially dislike the people who come with their own bottle of wine and bag of chips - The show is free so buy a bag of chips and a can of soda now will you
What could be better than a warm June evening in the park, some wine and cheese, and Shakespeare? Apparently nothing for those three hours. A troupe of talented actors - both on and off Broadway, off-the-radar and famous - illustrated the tragicomedy The Winter's Tale this past Saturday. I was floored by the performance, both eloquent and fairy taled, a bit dark with a tad of hilarity, too. The stage itself is grand and beautiful, especially in the dark and lit by stage lights and candles. A 1/3 crescent was used as a moving background prop, and portions of the floor opened up to reveal all sorts of other props - and people. The sound system was excellent. I can't recommend it enough!!
Awesome!  Hard to obtain tickets but sure worth finding your way to find ticket and go to this event!  We were lucky to trek to Brooklyn Children Museum one morning and only waited 2.5 hours to get our tix.  Each person are allow to have 2, so take advantage of it and give it away... why not right? I really love event in the park, and being in Central park, and outdoor... I felt like 'being IN LOVE'... Something about Shakespeare and their seductive ways, I mesmerized me... Everyone in the crew did a great job and play their role really well.. This is a MUST DO summer if you are in NYC. Don't be discourage and find your way to get tix and make it happen.. This is a great experience and unforgettable memory.   I wish you have a good time!
If you plan ahead you can have a magical experience. Either plan ahead by donating $100 and getting tickets that way, or... Gather 3 of your funnest friends, pack a cooler with your favorite necessaries, bring soft and various seating, a random assortment of cards, books, music (with headphones!), and perhaps an eye mask, and get there at 5:30 in the morning to guarantee yourself some funny memories (I'm looking at you loud Wiccan gingers a few people over and guy with a flute and saxaphone who sloooowly worked his way through the line hawking for tips), and your group a batch of seats together. Seems like seats are distributed by section and not by "quality" of seat, but there's no bad seat in the house, so fear not. Even though the last row center seats smushed my long legs, my grimace kept turning into a grin at where I was. We waited till 1, got our tickets, went to brunch, took a nap, and returned for the show at 7:45. Into the Woods was great. I could pick and choose, but I overall enjoyed myself greatly and was just so happy to be sitting out under the stars hearing birds chirp and watching clouds pass by out the corner of my eye. Nothing quite like a summer sky to frame a show and make it seem even more magical. Shakespeare in the Park is a once in a lifetime experience. And in this magical on it's own city of New York, thankfully that means a once in a summer experience!
I was quite impressed. Quality acting (Some actors you'll recognize from TV/Film), great venue, and tickets only cost a relaxing day in the park. I'm not much of a shakespeare fan, but still I had a great time.
Went with a few friends to watch "All's Well that Ends Well" about a month ago. The performance was great, the tickets were free, and the stage had this romantic European feel about it. I especially enjoyed the night for another reason: my friends had waited in the ridiculous line to get the tickets before I even arrived so I didn't have to. With that being said, I think I skipped a part in the "Shakespeare in the Park" experience that I'm sure might have influenced this review. Although I do enjoy the occasional play, I'm not crazy over Shakespeare so had I had to wait in that long line for some tickets, it wouldn't have happened. Also, beware the bathroom lines! During intermission, my friend and I decided to dip into the bathrooms. However, as is always the case, the line for the women's bathroom had a GIGANTIC line while the men walked in and out of their bathroom. Grrr! ...We ended up roughin' it, if you know what I mean. All in all, though, pretty good experience...great date idea if you're in the city.
I got lucky and missed out on the line experience because I have an awesome friend. She was visiting from out of town, camped out with her friends to snag 8 tickets, and offered me one! They arrived around 4am and entertained themselves until 1pm. I'm also told that the line monitor was cute. It seems like a pretty civilized/orderly process. Seats are assigned. Just go to the right door. Drinks are allowed as long as it isn't in a glass bottle. I strongly recommend bug spray. There is a short intermission. We saw the Merchant of Venice. Excellent, quality production. Al Pacino, Jesse Martin, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Byron Jennings (factoid: he was a dean on Gossip Girl!), Heather Lind (who reminded me of Blair from GG), etc. Extra props to the actors for holding up in the heat wave. We left around 10:30 and a line was already forming for the next day.
Absolutely 5 Stars!! Yes, tickets can be hard to come by, but it's worth it! I attended the Measure for Measure performance and it was the finest Shakespeare performance I've ever seen. The actors are incredible and really bring the characters to life. The set changes were even mesmerizing; I was completely lost in the performance the whole time. The lighting was unique with the way the lights mixed with the natural lighting of the sunset...not to sound cheesy, but it was magical. It's so nice being in an outdoor theater in the park during the summer, you almost forget you're in Manhattan. The Public Fare food stand at the theater is on the pricey side, but worth it. They serve gourmet food. I loved having their egg BLT sandwich for breakfast, while waiting for the tickets. The gelato I had at intermission was also delish. The prosecco wasn't bad either ;) If you come prepared for the line with good company, chairs, and things to occupy yourself then time will go by fast. You need to arrive earlier in line for weekend shows as they are more popular...I would say 1:30- 2:00am to guarantee no problems (you never know with the season ending soon). The Shakespeare in the Park line is a New York experience and its great to see the "set ups" people will bring for the wait.
I've lived in NYC for almost six years. And Shakespeare in the Park is my favorite thing to do in the city. Just magical. The setting sun, the great caliber of acting and set design. Not a bad seat in the house, and free is everybody's favorite price. I just don't know anything that's more quintessentially NY. Of course, if you're just visiting, this is such a great experience that I wouldn't leave anything to chance. Enter the daily lottery by all means- hopefully you'll get your tickets.  But if you don't, they're normally available on CL (with people who are happy to deliver them to you anywhere in the city), for less than $50 each. Totally, totally worth it.
It's true that you can't buy with money some of the best things in life and I think this is one of them. For this, all you need is time and patience. Usually you need to wait several hours in order to get tickets, if you come late you will most likely end up by the "rock of no hope." So bring good company and something comfortable to sit and lay on and enjoy the day lounging out in central park. However, if you are not one for lines, there is an alternative option. If you google "Shakespeare in the Park" you can find a tab for virtual tickets where you can enter your info in for a chance to win lottery tickets. Keep note that the seats may not be as good.
Anyone who has ever been KNOWS it is awesome: A free play. In the park. Often times with some great actors you know by name (or by face). The smell of summer in NY in the park while watching a play. It's that perfect NY thing. So here is how I get tickets: When out of town friends come, tell them about Shakespeare. Get them excited. Tell them you have to wait early in line to get tickets. Tell them I have to work (well, I work for myself so this is not a lie!) and convince them to go and pick up some tickets for me as well. Besides, sitting in line is a great way for them to rest their tired feet. It's like that. If you're a tourist: stand in line for your NY friend. It's your duty. Plus your feet probably need a break and you'll get a true NY experience. If you're a New Yorker and you don't have visiting friends: I dunno... I've never done it any other way than to send the tourists in. I still remember the sweet smell in the air, the glow of the city above the trees, the sounds of actors performing and the laughs from the audience. You don't have to 'sneak' food and beverages in like you do at theaters, so just come and make it a great evening. At one point a helicopter flew over the show and the actor briefly improvised about the "loud bird" hovering above. You don't get that sort of thing at Spiderman. You'll love the city more for it.
Bravo! I was lucky enough to score two tickets via the virtual lottery on opening night to "Into the Woods".  Whoo hoo!  My first attempt and I got them without the notoriously crazy wait in line for a full house show!   The musical itself was outstanding!  The creative story line intertwines several children's fairy tales: Cinderella, Red Riding Hood, Jack and the Beanstalk, and Rapunzel*.  Everything was first rate: the performers, lyrics, orchestra, props.  I was captivated the entire three hours.  We actually thought the musical was over after the first half until the ushers kept saying "keep you tickets to re-enter!"  So just FYI for those of you who don't read the program (like me), there's two halves and an intermission! There are no *bad* seats in this outdoor theater.  My two tickets were center stage and more toward the back, but because it's stadium style seating, even a shorty like me was able to see with an unobstructed view.  Pack a picnic (just no glass bottles), some insect repellent, and you're good to go. Try the virtual lottery!  It takes just seconds to enter and if it's your lucky day, you'll score some really great entertainment for the evening.  One of the perks of living in NYC...free summertime shows! *"Into the Woods" has nothing to do with any of Shakespeare's work even though it's playing at Shakespeare In the Park.  Who woulda thought?!  I went expecting to have to decipher some old school talk.
I {heart} NY!   wow, we got free tickets in the virtual line on the first try...  beats standing in line at 6am :) I can not explain how impressed I am with the production of "Twelfth Night".  I love the multi-functional grass stage.  It has a very contemporary design language...  rolling, curvy shapes.  The cast was great - fun to see Anne Hathaway - but hard to pick a favorite...  everyone was outstanding.   It was a bit of a cool night, and luckily I brought a warm sweater, but I saw some wearing just a T-shirt...  uh, no pneumonia for me, please...  it can get cold, sitting there for 3 hours. $6 beers (large can) at concession stand.
Yes the line is long and so is the wait but it is so WORTH IT! I got to see Macbeth and that was really as good as it gets. The first try we didn't get tickets but it rained that night and the show was canceled so it was cool. We realized that getting there at 7am to wait was too early. So the next day we got there at 4am and brought blankets, pillows, board games and snacks to wait until noon for tickets. We got tickets that time and saw the play. It was crazy how much money people would offer us for our spot. We were like NO WAY NO HOW! It was cool sitting there waiting with everyone else. I'd do it again in a heartbeat!
Been going since I was little. One year I waited in line all night (the line started the day before)... some kind of hollywood/tv strike compelled all these movie stars to participate. Meryl Streep for free? F%$ yeah. Sure, the line is a hassle... But - LITTLE KNOWN FACT - you can get tickets sent to you in the mail if you make a donation... look into that if you'd rather not wait in line. My folks do that because they're not broke twenty something yearolds. FAQ ABOUT THE LINE: Q: How early do I show up? A: It varies from year to year, weekdays/weekends, particularly if there's a chance of foul weather. If there's a good chance of rain, you might try swinging by 10 minutes before they start handing out tickets. That said, plan to spend a morning waiting in line. There's nothing worse than stressing about whether or not you'll get tickets. Plus I think the people farther ahead in line get better seats, just from anecdotal evidence. The park opens at 6am if you want to be super safe. I usually show up around 9:30. Q: Holy s#*$ this line is long. Am I screwed? The number of reserved tickets changes per day, so there's no clear way to determine whether or not you will get tickets based on where you are in line. Of course, if you can actually SEE the theater from where you are in line, you're definitely fine. In fact, people get tickets pretty far up the line. Somewhere around where the road forks towards the Delacore and the Great Lawn on 85th street is probably the borderline area for where one might just be shit out of luck in my experience. I've heard of people getting tickets as far back as the "rock of no hope" towards the park road on 85th, but if you come that late, it's truly a pot shot and you may as well come back to wait on standby before the show. Hopefully some of that info is helpful.
Who doesn't like a lil Greek tragedy to spice up an otherwise dull weekday evening? I missed catching "Twelfth Night" unfortunately, and this - "The Bacchae" - was my first ever Shakespeare in the Park experience.  Although I'm not entirely sure if the production was worth the 7+ hour wait, I'm glad I did it.  It's kind of for the entire experience of getting to the park early, packing a picnic, sitting there with some friends, becoming friends with the other people in line, and the successful acquisition of the tickets, that make for a fun and memorable time. The Phillip Glass score was pretty good, I must say.  And even though this production of "The Bacchae" definitely had an edgier rock contemporary feel to it, I did enjoy it.  It's Greek tragedy.  And celebrates Dionysus, god of drinking and sex (ok, not entirely sure if this is accurate but whatevs).  What's not to enjoy? Oh, and get there early before showtime if you're planning on getting food/drinks before the "curtain" rises.  The line can get pretty long.
Delacorte theater is intimate, great sound, great surroundings.  The casts are superb.  This is a must! Tickets - got them via virtual ticketing.  Found out by 1pm if I had tickets.  You can pick up your tickets at the box office between 5-7pm.  There is also a stand by option available. Saw "All's Well That End's Well" tonight.  At first we were worried about the long running time (8-11pm) but we were pretty engaged the whole time and it went by quickly.  The effects are pretty impressive, the cast is amazing - sometimes breaking iambic pentameter to deliver witty remarks by speaking in a regular tone.   *** The gentleman that played Parolles was amazing!  So hilarious.  He was so emphatic with his portrayal, loved it every time he was on stage! Food - they have sandwiches and hot dogs, but hot dogs are 4.50!  Wish we had picked up some deli sandwiches and brought them in!   Would definitely do this again!
I came here like 9 years ago and haven't gone back since the line for these tickets are CRAZY. I watched Merchant of Venice - it was lovely.
I agree with Daniel B. - "The Bacchae" was largely boring. I came in with such high expectations - such that when I won Virtual Line tickets I cancelled my existing plans and drove like a madwoman to get back into the city in time to pick up my tickets. The venue is great - the weather was beautiful - the Philip Glass music was interesting and the orchestra performed the music well -  That's all I can really praise. The storyline is full of vengeance and is a bit gruesome - but the first 60 minutes of the play was kind of slow and I debated leaving to re-take up my original plans for the evening - but I didn't want to be rude so I stayed.  The play only really picked up for me in the last 20 minutes or so with the well-delivered account of the messenger and the arrival of Agave.   It was also curious to me that at least 10%+ of the seats were empty.  If you are really hoping to see "The Bacchae" and can't line up / don't win Virtual Line tickets - You can probably show up for the 7:30pm stand by line and get seats.
I saw the "Twelft Night" on 6/16/09. I will have to say of all the shows I have seen here, it was undoubtedly the best (I have seen Two Men of Verona and Midsummer Night's Dream).  Sir Andrew was hilarious, Anne Hathaway was great, and overall it was a wonderful experience.   I waited in line at 7:30am with a friend - we just made a day out of it.  At the show, they allow people to bring food and drinks (alcohol as well!) but prohibit glass.  We brought a box of wine, cheese and crackers - it was a wonderful evening!
A Winter's Tale - also fantastic!   Well performed and very entertaining.
What an awesome experience. If you don't love Shakespeare or have the ability to "deal" with it, this isn't the show for you. I'm not a huge fan of Shakespeare but I don't despise it either, so this was definitely one of the things on my list to try. I saw All is Well That Ends Well and getting tickets is so much easier with the Virtual Ticketing process. It's kind of exciting when 1PM rolls around and I find out if I got tickets or not. Luckily I did eventually get them and luckily it wasn't a hot summer night. You are allowed to bring food and snacks, just no glass bottles. Also, NO PICTURES! They must have some sort of radar because as soon as a picture is taken, they run over to you and make you delete it...while they watch. The show itself is around two hours with an intermission inbetween. The seats are hard and you don't have much space, but it is bearable. Overall, it was a great experience and worth checking out at least once.
Incredible show!!!  ("As you like it" - show is still on till 6/30, best one so far of the 3 I've seen there) I loved the music and the Southern country New Orleans take on this Shakespeare play.  Wonderful cast, captivating despite the mosquitoes (it IS outdoors afterall...)  Definitely well worth the rush to Central Park to pick up virtual lottery tickets, and you can pack up a picnic or buy some Shake Shack on the way in too!
Excellent, as always. A must see experience for any visitor to NYC. I saw Into the Woods and it was the most magical experience. Just make sure to be in front of the 'Rock of No Hope' when lining up for tickets, and you should be fine!
Won tickets on a whim by a week day lottery entry for "Measure for Measure." Def glad that I read the synopsis ahead 'cause otherwise I prob would've been lost... Then lined up at 5:30 PM on Sat for standby for "All's Well That Ends Well." Unlike the first show, which had 5:30 PM standby-ers in the first 10, we had at least 40+ ppl line in front of us. Then 70+ added more as voucher holders from the morning time. Luckily still got two of the almost-last tickets. Both were amazing, but the second seems to be a more popular choice. And people, people, follow the RULES! ABSOLUTELY NO cutting/adding peeps on! Line-enforcer will kick the rule-breaker's ass off the line.
Amazing public organization and establishment.  When I make my millions - which is soon - I'll make sure to donate to the Public Theatre.  Congratulations to 50 Years of public theatre in New York.  Shakespeare In the Park, you're the bomb and I mean it in a good way.  Thank the stars - literally, hahah - for the daily Virtual Ticket Line.  You've made me the luckiest girl in the world.   Note: For those who take photos before/during/after the performance - when you are explicitly informed not not - you should be ashamed.  Those who leave the theatre littered with junk and garbage - you should be ashamed.  Lastly, those who are unaware they have major BO - I am ashamed for you.
A quintessential New York experience! You know summer has arrived when Shakespeare in the Park begins! Not only is it FREE, but more often than not, the shows are excellent. You will always see top-notch actors, including some Very Big Names who like keeping it real by performing here. Actors don't perform here for the cash, they're doing Shakespeare in the Park for love of theatre and you can definitely sense this. The productions will generally be at least pretty good but usually fantastic. Every summer there are two plays, either two Shakespeares, or one plus something more contemporary (Hair, Mother Courage, etc). Most often they are two different casts but this year (2010) is the first time in decades (I think) that two plays are being performed in repertory, so pretty much the same cast with plays on alternating nights. The line. Yes, it is extremely long. Yes, you must be vigilant. You cannot leave the line or cut, even if your friends show up and join you. Big no-no. They gotta wait behind you. You'll get two tickets per person. The box office opens at 1 PM. If you get there later than 6 AM, forget it, no way you're getting tickets. The seats are all pretty good, so don't worry about that. Some restaurants will deliver to you on the line if you get hungry. Really! You can also do the online lottery but I haven't tried it so I'm not sure how that works. I've been lucky enough to snag tickets both on line and because a friend hooked me up with seats. You can also beg some friends who work for corporate sponsors or who are working at Shakespeare in the Park but good luck with that! Once you're at the show, sit back, relax and enjoy just one of the millions of things that makes New York City so great.
I am a fan! Every time I go, I have a great experience. From waiting in the early morning line, to the picnic at Dusk in the stand-by line, to the actors and stories that unfold in adverse weather, I love it! Thank you, Public Theater, for making Shakespeare available to those who might not be able to attend such events! As an early childhood educator, I believe that this venue would be tough for infants to very young children, and even tough for school-age children. I'd suggest waiting for an expressed interest in Shakespeare as a sign this event would be meaningful for anyone!
There is nothing I do not like about this idea. The idea of introducing Shakespeare to everyone and to do it in an outside theater is all in the essence of Shakespeare and I love it. Usually they have really big names performing and that makes the plays just a little bit more exciting. I have always loved the setting of the place and the once making the sets should have big applause for the AMAZING job that they do. I have sat through rain to see these performances and I have never regretted it. I love that it is possible for the general public to get tickets for free, yes it requires sitting in a line but hey it can be a fun little adventure sleeping outside Central Park and having a breakfast picnic in the park. I have seen families with their children having a fun little adventure and enjoying the day together, I have seen girlfriends having a girls night and morning our to get the tickets. Be creative and you can have a wonderful time on line. There have never been a performance that I saw that I did not like and I just enjoy watching the adventures that are performed on the stage of the Delacorte Theater.
Incredible cast, very professional staff, and high quality stadium style theatre...and all for FREE Caution: Beware of con artists that try to lure tourists into buying these FREE tickets off of them to avoid the lines. Just get there early so you can make sure your tickets are actually for that night and authentic!
Move over Disneyland! Because, you're no longer the happiest or the most magical place in the Kingdom. It's Shakespeare/Sondheim in the Park!!! I was very, very, very, very, very times x 100 gabillion lucky to score two complimentary tickets via virtual lottery on 08/20/2012. My friend and I registered everyday since "Into the Woods" started playing in the Summer of 2012. It was absolute "aggoonnnyyyy, agony, agonyyyyyyy" trying to get these tickets (those who've seen the show understand my reference). The production extended through Sept. 1st, so I was seriously contemplating waiting on-line into the night and for half-a-day to see a three-hour production, starring Amy Adams, Jack Broderick, and Glenn Close. The production and the stage were amazing. The Delacorte Theater reminds me of a modern-day Globe Theater, aside from the actual Globe Theater in London. There were even secret passageways from all parts of the stage, where actors would enter/exit the stage, smoke/special effects, and MAGIC! It was a-mazingggggg!!!! oomgahhhhhhh!!!! It was even more amazing that the production was free! This production was even better than most Broadway and Off-Broadway shows! But, it was also a blessing that, after a roaring hot and humid summer, I saw the show when it was in the low 70's and breezy. Many thanks to Shakespeare in the Park and to Buddha for giving me these tickets!
If you're one of the lucky souls to acquire tickets to Delacorte Theater, immediately cancel all of your plans and go. This is one of the best free experiences my husband and I have had in NYC. The tickets are extremely hard to come by (people begin lining up outside the theater at 6:30 am for Noon release of tickets and don't even bother with the online lottery at shakespeareinthepark.org) which is a testament to the hardwork and dedication that these actors, actress, stagecrew and workers put into making Shakespeare in the Park such an amazing event each summer. Don't want to give too much away about the quaint outdoor theater next to Belvedere Castle, but let's just say there is not a bad seat in the house and the acoustics will make each line and song float through your ears. Definitely a top ten "MUST DO" in NYC.
Most excellent. Do the online virtual ticket lottery instead of waiting in line. Or, just go when there's rain forecast and the crowds will thin a little... I've seen quite a number of plays here.  This year, "As You Like It" absolutely rocked my world.  The second one, "Into the Woods", was a bit too long for my liking - if I'd known I would have gone for the "kid friendly" half-length one.  Not that the show was at all bad, but in this one there's not so much as a story progression as a series of mash-ups.  Don't judge me too harshly when I say I'd have been happy to leave at the intermission. Next year, well, my hat's back in the lottery.  Best of luck! (You might also want to consider becoming a member of the Public Theater)
Shakespeare in the park is worth waiting in line for a FREE performance. I know that the general word is to get in line at least by 7 am, but in my case, I wasn't able to get out there until about 10:30 am.   The line was REALLY, REALLY, REALLY long.  It started at the theatre and winds down the path.  People bring their park blankets, a book, a board game, and just wait until they start handing out tickets around noon. I was already in the back of the line when I arrived.  When the line started moving,  I estimate that there were about 50 people  or more behind me and the line was still getting longer. When I finally got up to the ticket booth, they had just given the last ticket to the person in front of me! I was bummed!!! Fortunately, there was a guy who stopped me and told me he didn't need his two tickets anymore, so YAY! I was able to go.  BUT, the tickets weren't sitting next to each other.  So, even if they hand out tickets with seats together at first, once those run out, they can still give 2 tickets per person but just not sitting together.  Specifically, I got a seat at the end of a row and my husband sat 4 rows in front of me also at the end seat of his row. I also tried to win tickets using their online option, but it was not successful.  Your chances of scoring a ticket may be higher if you just get in the line at the theatre. The Performance itself was amazing! We saw Love's Labours Lost.  They put a modern twist but it remained a true rendition of Shakespeare.   BRAVO!!!
With little sleep, some brown-bagged food and many hours in line, I was able to see the 2009 edition of Twelfth Night on ... the 12th night ( of July ). It was also the final performance of this particular play and definitely worth the waiting in line. For the more popular shows, one needs to get to Central Park West ( north of 81st Street ) as early as you can convince your mind to get there  ( I was there at 4:10AM and was one of the LAST people to get a free ticket ). I remember doing this when I was a kid but it wasn't this nuts - you could get there around lunchtime and wait till they gave out the tickets a little before the performance started  ( now they start handing out the first free tickets at 1PM the day of the show - giving you enough time to get home, shower, shave, eat, nap, etc. ). Make a night/day of it and have fun with friends while waiting for someone to give you a ticket which, on Broadway, would be worth over $100.
1) A professional performance with stellar acting and often high-profile actors (Al Pacino, Meryl Streep, Anne Hathaway, Liev Schreiber to name a few) 2) This event is free! To offer such a thing in a world where seemingly every little thing has a monetary charge, is amazing. 3) The plays are held at the Delacorte Theater, for which I'm copying my review: The Delacorte is a gorgeous, intimate open-air theater where every seat gives a spectacular view of the stage.  Excellent lighting all around the theater and trap doors/moveable walkways, and an ascending glass semi-circle wall, allow for great variety and movement with the sets. On a clear night (such as last night), you are met with a stunning backdrop of an illuminated Belvedere Castle, as the moon lounges above your head, while the gentle rustle of a warm breeze wisps through the trees.  To watch a show at the Delacorte Theater is unlike any other... I saw a Winter's Tale last night and I have to admit that I was blown away.  Shakespeare is truly a literary genius and to do his plays justice is not an easy feat.  However, the cast of a Winter's Tale performed it superbly, intricately weaving a tale of mistaken assumptions, rash actions, and the grief following those consequences, with the romance of young and old love, with the comic relief of a simpleton father and son and a petty thief.  At times, the raw emotion displayed on the stage sprung tears to my eyes.  Lighting and sound effects were dramatic and the musicians were excellent and on-point.  Loved the Bohemian flare of the sets, and the trap doors with the "sheep" were adorable.   Oh, and did I mention that this is the first time that I've ever tried for this, and I DIDN"T HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE -- Virtual Ticketing, you are incredible!!
Amazing.  I am now a lover of Shakespeare.  Okay, I was always a lover of Shakespeare.  But I also am now a lover of Shakespeare. This place is beautiful, the actors are fantastic, the direction, stage, lighting, everything.  It is an incredible experience.
After 2 years of waiting around the the virtual ticketing line up, I finally scored tickets for a play I could actually attend.  Do you know how excited I was?  I called my best friends in the city and sadly, only one (but that's as many as I  needed) was available for the Sunday evening performance.   It was perfect weather- not too hot, not too cold for the outdoor performance.  We hit up the UWS Shake Shack before the show and sat down for The Winter's Tale shortly before curtain.  Note that the staff are very strict about use of cameras even before the show starts even though it is not noted anywhere on the program.  The play was a lot longer than I remember- almost 3 hours including intermission but amazing!  I can't believe it was FREE!!   Anyways, you can read about the play itself elsewhere.  Loved it and definitely going to stand in that virtual line up a few more times next year and should I win tickets, I will definitely come with a splash of bug spray.  We are in a park after all.
So, "The Bacchae." Well, Dionysus is the son of a mortal woman and Zeus. The women of Thebes have all left their husbands to go run off to the hills to writhe and dance in ecstasy and worship of him. This would all be good and fine, except this pisses off Dionysus' cousin, Pentheus, the ruler of Thebes, who absolutely refuses to believe that Dionysus is a god. Manipulation, punishment, and death ensue. Greek tragedies, we'd expect nothing less from you. ((In other words, if you're more a "Midsummer Night's Dream" kinda gal, or a "Comedy of Errors" kinda guy, this might not be the play for you.)) The majority of the performance is delivered in monologues, so don't expect too much of the more Shakespearean back-and-forth between characters. While this might be less than entertaining for some, for those that really want to see some wonderfully subtle and powerful acting, you're in for a treat. In fact, my favorite performance of the evening was given by The Messenger, a character who only appears once in the show to tell the Bacchae the story of how a certain character was brutally murdered. And I. Mean. Brutally. Dionysus is played by the very talented (*cough* foxy as hell *cough*) actor, Jonathan Groff, playing Dionysus as if he was Ryan Phillipe's character from Cruel Intentions. This actually works very well for him, though the the Rebel Without A Cause get-up they stuck him in is a little contrived. The Chorus was phenomenal. With costumes evocative of something out of Janet Jackson's "east meets west" phase of the 90's, their part is done entirely in song and abstract, yoga-esque movements. They move and speak and chant together like one unified being, and remain onstage through the duration of the play, acting as both players and narrators. As for the set? Post-Apocalyptic-Grecian-Ampitheater chic. Running at an hour and a half, it's a solid dose of some really solid theater. Very unique. Very haunting. Very worth it.
Returned after many years to see COMEDY OF ERRORS-- very well done and amusing. A certain lively spirit reigns here as opposed to a Bway theatre.
Shakespeare in the Park 2009 Ticket-Getting Attempt #1: Arrived at 8:00 AM with friend from out of town. Waited for about an hour. Was informed by hot Delacorte volunteer guy that we would not be getting tickets. We shrugged it off - clearly we are morons for arriving so late - and went to get brunch. Shakespeare in the Park 2009 Ticket-Getting Attempt #2: Arrived at 7:00 AM with different friend from out of town. Waited for about 3 hours. Was informed by same hot Delacorte volunteer guy that we would not be getting tickets and that the line for Twelfth Night was unprecedented in the history of the Delacorte. Felt kind of reassured but also tired and disgruntled. Remained where we were to finish breakfast in spite of the fact that the rest of the line around us had gone home, therefore looking like weird Situationist picnic/art-happening. Shakespeare in the Park 2009 Ticket-Getting Attempt #3: Arrived at 6 AM on the nose with friend from Brooklyn. Realized that I was sitting in approximately the same place where I'd been for attempts #1 and #2. Experienced deep feeling of despair but remained in line, playing cards. Hot Delacorte Theater Guy, who is becoming an increasingly significant presence in my life, says we are not getting tickets. I contemplate jumping on his back and riding him into the theater, but instead I go home and take a nap. Shakespeare in the Park 2009 Ticket-Getting Attempt #s 4-10: Tried Virtual Line every day for a week. No dice. Shakespeare in the Park 2009 Ticket-Getting Attempt #11: Last performance of Twelfth Night. With some other previously-thwarted friends, I decide to take the drastic step of camping out in line starting at midnight. We walk down CPW on the way to dinner around 6 PM, only to realize that a block-long shantytown/ticket line has already formed in spite of the pouring rain. We realize that in spite of our pretty hardcore intentions, we are nowhere near as hardcore as many others. Shakespeare in the Park 2009 Ticket-Getting Attempt #12: Tried Virtual Line for first week of The Bacchae. Got tickets without a problem. Saw performance - it was OK, but was upstaged by raccoon which sat on my feet. Summary: Shakespeare in the Park 2010 Ticket-Getting Attempt #1 starts next week. I'm going to need a tent, a camp stove, and some company... Hot Delacorte Theater Guy, what do you say?
1. FREE TICKETS 2. Fantastic production, acting, set, light, everything 3. Outdoors! 4. FREE TICKETS!!! Meaning, NOT $120! No strings, no obligations. Free! It's well worth taking the day off from work to stand on line (bring a book, folding chair and a snack or two) to get seats and talk with other people doing the same. Come to the park early. Picnic! You can bring wine to the theatre (no glasses) and some food too...just don't get nasty loud wrappers or anything like that. The theatre has awesome seating, open air (which can hurt if it's raining, because they will cancel the show). The set is always interesting and the acting never fails.
The first time I went, on a Friday at the end of July, I got to the line around quarter after 11, and ended up missing the tickets by about 10 slots. Went again a week later, again on a Friday, and arrived around 10:45. The staff warned our chances would be "slim", but turns out I got a seat, on the side, though closer to the stage than the back. Because the seats are assigned, you don't have to arrive early if you don't want to. It's annoying though when people are late and walk in front of the show. Don't be those people. Tip: If you're not familiar with the area, turn on the GPS function on your smartphone, then fire up Google Maps, if your phone has a compass. Then you can find the theatre relatively easily. Whenever in doubt, just ask a passer-by. New Yorkers are friendly. Keep in mind, if you plan to bring kids, that the language can get risque or explicit.
Comedy of Errors was lots of fun!
Amen to free shakespeare in the lovely park! sneak in a bottle of wine (can we say 3 buck chuck via TJ's wine shop?) and you have yourself a great little date, too. Yes, yes, you have to wait, but nothing is ever really free...pay with your time, or go pay for real and see something on broadway! But this is way worthwhile, and totally different. In short: not for the impatient, but great for everyone else!
Awesome and magical NYC experience. Drove in my Howell NJ on a Saturday morning setting out at 6:00am and got in line at 9:30am. Were told by security that chances were extremely slim that we would get tickets. Glad we persisted as we got em!! Saw "Love's Labour's Lost" with our 3 daughters: 11, 13, and 16. I enjoy Shakespeare and had read the play but the kids enjoyed it too as the production is adapted as a Musical with contemporary songs and interjections. Don Armado was hilarious. The setting is completely magical with the show beginning as the sun sets and you have the view of the Belvedere Castle which creates a enchanting backdrop. Was quite an effort to get the kids up at 5:00 for the Labours but even the process of Labouring for the tickets only added to this one of our best NYC experiences. Feel like making it a yearly tradition for self.
Did the standby line last Friday - got in, 3rd row center. Here's the lowdown on Standby: - Go when there's a high probability of rain. Two ways rain can help you: (1) less standby voucher folks from the morning line up to redeem. (2) Generally less ticketed folks will show up, so more seats for you! Here's the rain deal: they won't cancel a performance before 8, or start a performance after 9. so there's a window. They do have to go and wipe down all the seats, and there's 1,875 seats, so take that into account.  For me it rained @ 7:15 - 7:35, 1st distribution was late at 7:55, show started at around 8:20. - Get there before 6pm. If you can get there closer to 5 that's even better. They close the standby line at 6pm so be warned, if you're waiting for friends they're crap out of luck. - 50 Standby vouchers (for 2 tickets each) were given out in the morning to people who didn't get tickets, so worst case: besides the other people infront of you in the standby line there's an additional 100 people infront of them. They have to get there by around 6:15 to redeem.  You'll get an update from employees after this distribution. - There are 3 main phases of distribution after standby voucher folk are distributed. 7:45, 8:05, 8:15 (last two are approximate). For Into the Woods, 2nd distribution misses prologue. 3rd distribution misses "Hello Little Girl". - BRING YOUR UMBRELLA. But realize, you can't open umbrella's in the theater, so also bring a poncho (or buy one for $10 - ouch) - You have 2 places you can leave the line for: bathroom, food at the Delacorte's cafe. - You have to be able to walk around, 2 older women who had to sit in line almost lost their place because they weren't quick to stand up and move when they would relocate the line. - ONE ticket per person. And even if you're with a significant other or friend you are most likely not going to sit together. (and they're random, i was just lucky i got so close. but it's arena seating so every seat is good.) -There's "security" and nice/funny employees who are monitoring the line. They're great to keep your hopes up, and are helpful for info. But guess what, they are vigilant on cutters and any other shifty business, so FOLKS PLEASE don't cut. - no matter what it's still luck if you get in, but this should help your chances. Hopes this helps!
So it is a little bit of a tradition now every summer for us - and I have to admit I would never do this if it weren't for the girls next door. (I mean literally the girls next door who make me get out of bed and do the line thing)... anyway, so 6 am (more like 7am) we left the comforts of our bed towards delacorte theater to get in to line (yep it was 8am by the time we got in to line) and well... as the  story goes got tickets (with 3 extra tickets that is how big a group we were) and made a morning off it. I have to admit Measure for Measure is not my favorite shakespeare play (ha!) and the production not the best either but it is the experience of it ... and as experiences go, this is one everyone should do!
Yesterday, on a whim, I decided to put my name in for Shakespeare on the Park/"Measure for Measure" tickets.  I had tried once last week to no avail.  I put my name in the virtual ticketing line at 12:50.  At 1:02 I had an email saying I got tickets. I asked my friend, who is obsessed with theater, to come with me.  Sad to say, this was my first NY theater experience (I won't say how long I've lived here).  However, it was absolutely amazing and every other show will now have to live up to it. I got in line around 6:30 to grab the tickets, then we headed to the west side for pizza and to stock up on wine and snacks for the show.  Two mini bottles of wine for $5?  Yes, please. Wine and snacks in tow, we headed back to the theater around 7:45.  Seems they still had tickets and were handing them out to passersby.  Here I thought I was lucky for scoring tickets -- I actually almost bought a scratch ticket, thinking it was my lucky day -- but really it was just a slow day for them. We had great seats with a nice view of the stage.  I read "Measure for Measure" while I studied in Venice in college and couldn't quite remember the storyline at first, but it quickly came back to me.  The actors were unbelievably good, with a few I'd seen in movies or TV shows.  The accents were superb -- whether they were old English or their own twist -- every character was believable and full of depth.  They pulled off the comedy aspect very well, much better than I expected, and the audience was laughing throughout. The set was dynamic and worked well with the cast and scenes.  I managed to sneak a couple photos.  While it was long, it didn't feel that way, and this is coming from an extremely ancy person.  Absolutely superb show all-around and I think I may have to try my luck with "All's Well That End's Well" later this summer.
i liked this!  i didn't get tickets in time so i waited in the stand-by line, with little hope that we'd get in - but we did! it was kinda tiring waiting in line for so long (i got there a little over an hour early)  - but it was worth it, and if you're smart you'd pick up your tickets in advance and not have to worry about the line. the acting was great - i don't know what everyone is talking regarding picnic-ing since the play is in a stadium-like theatre so you sit on seats and can't really spread out a blanket..but i guess if you go earlier and do that before that would be cool. yay - i liked this - i would go again for sure.
Shakespeare in the Park - some thoughts Concept: Fabulous - free tickets, wait in line from when the park opens til they give out tickets (2 per person, must be in line whole time) at 1pm, outdoor theater, hanging all day in Central Park. Experience: perfectly NYC Fun Factor: Yup. 5 hours waiting in line fly-by, people watching, making friends, reading, lying under the trees, not being at work/school/in Times Sq is surprisingly invigorating and relaxing Disappointment Potential: High - when the line continues past the break by the curve in the path, it's not looking good for you.  Try again tomorrow or be a "sponsor" for $250 which gets you 1 ticket! Execution: Midsummer Night's Dream - horrible.  Lame direction, bad staging, poor casting, silly costumes, bad delivery - yuck!  I've seen better high-school productions Execution Part 2 - don't care how bad the production is, sitting in free seats, outside, beautiful night, in the middle of magical Central Park, Belvedere Castle illuminated in the background were perfect.  Don't expect RSC-level acting and go enjoy something quintessentially NY.
This is a real treasure!  I've won the lottery a couple of times and have been fortunate to be a guest at a couple of plays as well.  It's always so magical!  Something about being outside in the Delacourt Theater watching a classic play on a minimal stage is a reminder of how it was meant to be enjoyed.  Bring a picnic dinner and a bottle of wine, and you have a wonderful, amazing NYC evening!
I finally attended a Shakespeare Play in the Park and it was sublime. I saw one of the first productions of As You Like It for the summer and was thoroughly impressed. Although it was definitely way too hot to spend copious hours outside (I think we hit a record at 97 degrees), but nightfall it had sufficiently cooled to make it all worthwhile. As for getting the tickets, I got into line a little after 10:15 am and by the time I got tickets, I realized I could have showed up 30 minutes later and still been fine. The line isn't bad at all, as you're in a very lovely and shady part of Central Park as you await the hours; just make sure you bring a blanket and a chair, though there are vendors who will rent them out for your for $5. You can bring food and non-glass bottles into the play itself, so grab a little picnic on your way into the park and you will be set. The actors are all phenomenal and the sets are gorgeous for this production. It takes place in a forest so it was very fitting. I will be headed back for the Sondheim musical, no question!
I adored seeing Twelfth Night here. Top notch actors. Excellent performance. Shakespeare performed in such an enchanting and charming way that even my cynical English major/theatre critic's soul was delighted. I now have the soundtrack. For anyone who doesn't think it's worth it to wait in line, plan ahead. Go with a friend. You'll have an opportunity to explore the park while you wait (take turns!), make friends in line, and be rewarded with a unique theatre experience at no cost! Only downside is that when you wake up at 4am, you're a little tired by the time the nighttime showing rolls around.
I have to say this was one of my best "New York" experiences since moving here. I did not wait in line (although I hear it is an experience in and of itself), but did have the pleasure of seeing Into the Woods this past year. There is just something about going to an open air theatre and having this experience that is AMAZING. I love love loved it! I can't wait until next year. This is something no one should miss.
We were so lucky, we stood in line for hours and received great tickets to this wonderful show!  We loved it!  A breezy warm evening in Central Park.  One of my most memorable experiences in the awesome city of New York!  Thank you "Shakespeare in the park"  for making this accessible to many people who can not afford broadway plays and would like to experience the magic of live theatre.  I am forever indebted.
The merchant Venice is awesome.  I thought i could care less about seeing shakespeare play and was into just to see Al pacino.  I couldn't believe how amazing the play was we bought tickets from this lady for 100 for two tickets and they were front row center!!! stupid Kumomo is trying to ban people who advertise on clist for the play... Oh really? maybe you should clean up all the prostitution on there b4 you worry about something as trivial as this!!! got the tickets best time ever highly recommend the play one of the highlights of my NYC trip....Only bad thing Dear Mr Pacino please control your spit you were getting it all over us hahah best time!!!!
this was so much fun!  great weather, good picnicing, and a show...what more can you ask for?  we were fortunate enough to have great friends to wake up at the but crack of dawn to wait for tickets.  we could not get up...we were still on west coast time. we got to watch "hair"...if you haven't heard about this musical...you need to read up: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ha…!  there was not bad seat in the house and the fact that it was outside made the whole play that much better! check it out sometime, they only do 2 free shows a summer!
Admiring an extremely talented cast tread the boards on a cool evening while snacking on a delicious whoopy pie = my idea of heaven. The Twelfth Night is one of my favorite Shakespearean plays. I can say nothing negative about this production, the crew or the location. Anne Hathaway holds her own as Viola but it is Sir Andrew - the charmingly befuddled knight  - who steals the show.
This absolutely one of the BEST things I've done in the city. It was well worth the SIX HOUR wait and I would do it again. We saw Measure for Measure and the cast was outstanding. The theater is great and in a beautiful setting within the park. Must go!!!
Just saw A Midsummer Night's Dream and it was wonderful.  Every seat is a good seat in this theatre and you can bring your own snacks and drinks as long as it's not in glass.    One thing I didn't plan for were those nasty mosquitos.  Mosquitos have a thing for me and I left with 4 humongous bites so if mosquitos love you (or hate you depending on how you look at it), wear some insect repellent!  Don't say I didn't warn you.
A New York City Institution and an Upper West Side Tradition!
So I managed to get my tickets to the show!  I got there at 12:30 and was 30th in line. Yahtzee!  As for the show.....it was amazing!  Eventhough I had to wait in line for 13 hours the production was worth every minute of it....Cant wait to see what they will have next year!
In one word; DELIGHTFUL!  This year's Shakespeare in the Park once again surpasses my expecations.  Performace by all the actors were grade A quality!  However, because the show was so great, demands for tickets were sky high.  I had attempted to stand on line in central park, and still didn't get tickets.  For the 3rd to last show, I got there at 8:30am, and the last ticket was given out to the person who had been there since 7am.  Determined to see the show, I enlisted the aid of a line sitter through thier website linesittersnyc2012 dot weebly dot com.  Not only was their service excellent, the prices they charged were very reasonable.  If I'm ever in a situation where I wasn't able to get tickets, I would definitely call them up again!   If anyone wants to try their luck by getting on line, make sure to bring 4 things; food, water, blanket and umbrella!  You'll be there for several hours, so just settle down and get comfy.  I sat by some sprinklers, so my umbrella gave me shade, and protection from the sprinklers. As for the theatre itself, the seats are a little small if you happened to be a tall or large person.  My boyfriend is 6'2", and although he enjoyed the show immensely, he was very uncomfortable for the last hour (plays are typically 3 hours with intermisssion)... but he did say it was worth it because he loved the show.  Staff lets you bring in food and drinks (alcohol has to be in a non-glass container), the only thing they are strict about is no pictures; either before, during or after.  If possible, try to catch the show! The Public Theatre always makes it worth your while.
Hamish Linklater is hysterical as Sir Andrew Aguecheek!!!  (He's the dude who plays Matthew - Christine's brother - on "The New Adventures of Old Christine") - and Nancy, I also had a whoopie pie and tried the BLT, that was good too! Here's some info on Hamish: imdb.com/name/nm0512934
This year's production of As You Like It is memorable, with the sort of great NY cast that has made this venue a must for New Yorkers.  We got the best tickets in several years by arriving on line in the Park at 7AM.  Since there are few bad seats, we will try the virtual line on the next time around. I will only add to Marco's great note our very NY experience at the end of the evening.  Waiting for the ladies to emerge from the facility (port-a-potties for the women would be a nice touch for the future!) Andre Brouwer came past at the end of a remarkable performance in woolens on one of the hottest days of the year.  "Great show!".  "Thanks, and thank you for coming out in this heat".  A gentleman and an actor who deserves all respect.
Don't miss Twelfth Night~ I had such an amazing time! It was definitely a memory that I will cherish forever. The play was hysterical and the cast were wonderful. Annie Hathaway was as talented as she is beautiful, and the rest of the cast were outstanding. We loved Sir Andrew as well ;) On the whole it is magical and is something everyone should experience once in their lives!
Saw Twelfth Night last night. It was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.  Uplifting.  A hugely talented cast.  I can't say enough good things about the performance.
Saw Into the Woods on 7/30, it was fabulous!  I got in line at 6 AM and was about the 75th person there.  Some people had spent the night in the line but if you get there early enough you should be fine! As I said the show was fabulous, the set is very cool and the styling of the costumes was very interesting.  I really enjoyed the choice they made with the narrator, the boy they cast was great... Of course all the cast was great, but I especially enjoyed Little Red Riding Hood and Cinderella.  If you get a chance to go, I definitely recommend it!
Well worth the wait.  Wonderful play!  Thanks to everyone involved in these productions.  My visit to New York is complete. This highlight has given me a happy ending and I didn't even wish for it!  I feel so fortunate to have had this great experience.  I loved this play!  It was engaging, witty, humorous and thought provoking.  The Delacorte Theatre is intimate and fun.  I also really appreciate the assigned seating, it made the whole experience more relaxing.  If you are considering attending, go for it!
One of the things that I mark down for my "Do Lists" for NYC is to attend this event. We waited in Brooklynn for 2 hrs which wasn't that bad because we sat in the shade plus the line wasn't that long. We were like #20 in lines so we knew we were going get tic's. Basically anyone who wait in lines only get voucher for tic's which can be exchange into tic's at Central Park from 4pm-7-pm. Anything after that you might not be able to get any tickets. The theater was nice and small so no matter where you sit, you can see the stage really well. One of the perks that I enjoy is you can bring ALCOHOL but it can't be in a glass container so we stock up on 3 bottle for the show which wasn't even enough. They sell food and drinks there too if anyone too lazy to bring it. The show lasted around 3 hr's which was good but some part were a little boring for me so I took a small small nap lol Overall I enjoy watching the show and just being there to experience live. I saw "measure measure" but hopefully I can do it again and watch the other shows too. FYI-don't wait in Central Park for tic's because the line is crazy long plus there are sooo many tourist there that you should plan to stay the whole day there.  Also when you wait in line, you can get 2 tickets per person.
At last, we got tickets to see Shakespeare in the Park !  We watched Into the Woods (the Steven Sondheim play) and I absolutely loved it!  The actors and actresses were fantastic, the plot was amazing, the sets were terrific. Everything about the show was great.  I felt like I got my money's worth - oh wait, it's free!  Yes, the tickets are absolutely free.  The only catch is that you have to stand in line for about 6-7 hours to get the tickets!  Typically, you need to line up from 6 AM until 1 PM or so to get tickets.  One of my friends was there from 6 AM.  We saw people at the very front of the line who said they had been camping out there since 1 AM.  Wow.  The line is cool - lots of solidarity, and it's a nice and peaceful way to spend several hours in Central Park.  But I think it's pretty unnecessary and cruel to make people wait in line for so many hours.  Can't they just have a system whereby they give out tickets first come, first serve online?  Or can't they just hand out tickets to the first people who get there?  Or can't they hand out tickets at 8 AM or 10 AM?  Apparently not.  You have wait until they pass out tickets at 1 PM.  I think it's absolutely unnecessary and a hassle to people.  Just a few tips - take snacks, plenty of water, a book to read or a tablet/phone to play with, a towel or blanket to lay on, a light jacket in case it gets cold, and an umbrella!  I loved Shakespeare/Sondheim in the Park.  The show was fantastic and was 3 hours long (awesome!).  However, the hassle of the experience makes me hesitant to do it again anytime soon.
I never thought I'd wait on line for ANYTHING at 6am but Shakespeare in the Park is definetely worth it. I went the summer they were doing "Romeo & Juliet" and "Midsummer Night's Dream" and it was one of the best shows I've ever seen (plus it's free!). It's just one of those experiences I think evereyone should try at least once, especially if you have the appreciation for Shakespeare.
I saw Twelfth Night on June 20 and it was a hilarious production with a great cast and some unexpected but fitting music numbers. If you can't afford to spend hours waiting in line for tickets and have a flexible schedule, join the Virtual Line at the official website and submit every day for a chance to get two tickets. I was toward the back and can say that there really are no bad seats in this small venue. The play was interrupted once by showers but the cast still saw it through; funny, memorable, and a great setting in Central Park. GO!
Is "The Bacchae" really this boring? Seems like a lot of people to blame: the director, the composer, the actors, the lighting guy. But maybe it all is Euripides' fault. OK, the first night of previews might not be the ideal time to see it.  But come to think of it, when things are this dull, the ideal thing is simply to miss it.
I got tickets for Bacchae last night.  Tried to get tickets on the virual line with no success.  We were going into Manhattan anyway so we decided to wait on the stand-by line at 7PM (only about 50-75 people) and we received tickets.  Perhaps it was easier to get tickets because it was Bacchae and not Twelfth Night; however, I thought Bacchae was quite good., the acting was superb.  What a great way to spend a beautiful Friday evening.
