This place is the truth. I try to go at least once a week. The What's Up, the Soprano and the Combo are all top notch. Get the hot peppers if you can handle the spice. You're guaranteed to hear at least one hilarious and off-color joke from the guys as they expertly put your delicious sandwich together. This is what Jersey City is all about. Skip Subway or whatever other fake deli you go to out of convenience and get your rumpus to Andrea Salumeria.
Went to Andrea Salumeria for the first time today and absolutely loved it. Had a Soprano sandwich which was amazingly delicious and my 4 year old daughter can back me up on that. The deli is also full of imported stuff that you dont see much around. Personally I think Jersey City Heights is terrible when it comes to food but this place brought the hope back. And thank goodness I found them through Yelp because their marketing campaign is in need of a serious overhaul!!!
BEST DELI AROUND! Been going there since i was a kid...smoked turkey and fresh mozz is my go to always with a rootbeer!
So, so very good. Fresh ingredients- good bread, fantastic mozzarella (can just eat it by itself). The place is homey and has a nice neighborhood family-run feel, and the staff is very friendly. I wanted to post a photo of my sandwich after I got it, but I couldn't wait to devour it, and before long, there was nothing left to take a photo of. The portion sizes are huge, so expect to share a sandwich or have delicious leftovers to look forward to. I ordered the Soprano and the Combo. Both were great, but I'd probably pick the Combo as my favorite.
Andrea Salumeria is an exceptional Italian Deli. I used to live in Jersey City and visit frequently to see my parents.  9 times out of 10 I visit Andrea's al well. It's like paying a visit to family and old friends. Pete, the owner, is very personable and friendly.  He welcomes me back every time and it truly feels like I'm coming home when I go there. All the guys that make the sandwiches are just as cordial and friendly. Note, I have yet to mention the great sandwiches and my favorite the italian antipasto with the rolled meats. OUT OF THIS WORLD!
I love this place! It has great food with a friendly atmosphere. I love the Chef salad and Pete's tuna (add mozz)!  They also make fresh sausage on Thursdays.  It's the gem of the heights, and worth moving up here for.
My cohorts at work made a run at this spot after seeing the great reviews from Yelp.  I asked them to pick me up a Combo sandwich, and I have to tell you:  It was the best Italian sandwich.....I ever had.  Yes - I said it.  The Combo consisted of ham, salami, soppressata, capicola, mozarella cheese, sharp provolone cheese, and sweet peppers.  I added a lil oil and vinegar on that bad boy, and then Van DAMN!  To me, the sharp provolone cheese really sets this sandwich off.  I can't wait to try their other sandwiches!
This place doesn't need another review, but i'll just say that IT IS DESERVING OF ALL THE STARS... fresh, delicious, and friendly. The fact that as Italians they know a thing or two about the USMNT was welcoming as well. Forza Italia!
Friendly staff, and their soppressatta is outrageous-they will cut it for you in lengthwise slices, nice and thin, and it's wonderful.  Really good sandwiches and they always have a nice assortment of bread.  I almost always buy park at the supermarket across the street, buy something, and leave the bag and receipt on the dash and run across to Andrea to avoid the parking hassles of finding a spot on Central!
Finally made it here today, this place has great reviews.  Now I know why.  Whenever I go to an Italian Deli for the first time I have a standard order.  I get the prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinegar and basil.  Even their bread was outstanding.  They have daily specials and cater. (I am convincing my wife to use them on Christmas Eve this year for the antipasto)  One of my new favorites in this area.  Will definitely be back.  I recommend this place to anyone in the area.
Great old-school Italian deli. Get the "Combo" sandwich. It is incredible. Great fresh mozzarella as well.
Jen and I drove over to Andrea Salumeria after reading some awesome reviews on Yelp and in some publications. For me, I had actually not been to the heights so the whole experience was new to me. We found street parking a couple blocks away and walked over. We were greeted by a very nice dude who sort of looked like an italian Ben Affleck. He was happy to chat, and we told him it was our first time and we wanted the Soprano because that's what everyone on Yelp recommended. He started piling on the sopressata, giving us samples, and wow was it good. It reminded us of our trip to Salumi, which is Batali's place in Seattle that makes my personal favorite sandwich. Then, the big boss chef comes out and says he overheard us talking from the back and brought us out some fresh, and I mean, FRESH, mozarella. Holy. I mean, words can not describe, the perfect texture, flavor and best of all, it was slightly warm, not too melty, not too solid. Perfection. I was thrilled to see our sandwich maker load up on the prosciutto and this fresh cheese. He recommended a drizzle of oil and balsamic, with some lettuce tomato and oregano. Total sandwich was $17 (@ $8.50 a half) and we got two cannolis. Lunch for two for $20. Will definitely be back.
Be it Jersey City, Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx - you name it, this is your classic Italian sandwich shop.  Filled with cold cuts, breads and all things Italian in the sense of, hey so-and-so's Great-Grandfather Giuseppe came here in 1915 and opened a store, kind of Italian.  It's small and kind of hidden if you're not paying attention. Store is very clean, staff is very helpful and nice, and what else can I say - you'll feel good in there.
Turkey with sharp provolone, sun-dried tomatoes and roasted peppers, is my order of choice. But you can't go wrong with the combo or the soprano either. The chef salad with special sauce is a meal by itself. Delicious! The counter people are friendly and courteous. A small place, no sit-downs, but they keep the line moving. Oh, they sell authentic Italian cookies and condiments, too! Hurry!
Man this place is amazing. Who ever said that their sandwiches are "decent" or "fair" must not have any taste buds or just doesn't know a good sandwich. I always opt for the "Whats Up" which has a nice spice to it or the "Soprano". This place reminds me of the flavors you'd find in a good Salumeria in Italy. The sandwiches are just amazing and I hear their salads and antipasto are just as good. I just can never resist the temptation of getting the sandwich when I go there. The staff and owner are almost as great as the food they prepare. Good old Jersey City Heights deli thats been there for years and all the locals know about and swear by.
This place is the greatest deli of all mankind...ok, I know a little over dramtic, but this place is worth all the rating stars in the sky. Being a SoCal transplant, I feel that I have been lied to my entire life, because what we Los Angelinos consider "NY delis" is a disgrace to what a true east coast deli is.  Nothing compares to this place. The meats and cheeses are all top notch. The hoagies are to die for. Get the Italian or the roast beef and let your tastebuds dance! Parking can be a pain and the neighborhood isnt the greatest but its all worth it.
LOVE THESE GUYS! Oh, words cannot express.  Everyone who works here is a doll, and the food is amazing.    We especially love the pasta salad with tuna, and the combo sandwich.  Their sharp provolone is a masterpiece, they bring back fun and interesting candies and treats from Italy, the bread is fresh, they stock a bajillion types of pasta, it's amazing.  If you come by right at lunchtime, expect there to be a little wait, but it's so worth it.  Drool.
Great sandwiches served by a great staff.  Bottom line. Andrea Salumeria - In!   You can't go wrong in this place.
Excellent sandwiches. We like the heros, though we're not a big fan of peppers. Good prices and everything is fresh.
So I stopped by this small deli the other day. Not easy to spot when driving by. But well worth finding. Hands down the best fresh, and when I say fresh I mean fresh mozzarella I have ever had. Ordered a Buffalo Chicken sandwich with fresh mozz, spicy mustard n light lettuce.... Pretty good sandwich. Ive also had Pete's Tuna sandwich from here as well and it was Official.
Had a combo here. Even though I only had half a load, it was filling. Plus the prosciutto was terrific.
Yes. Yes. Yes. just order anything on the menu its all great lol.  Prosciutto, tomato, mozz -- thats a winner for me.
I followed yelp to take me to this place. Initially I was disappointed to find out that it was a take-away sandwich place. But the food is amazing and thats all that matters. All the ingredients are fresh and the cheese is to die for! The people who run the place are wonderful and the only thing they care about is their customers taste buds. Love their sandwiches!
This place is a Jersey classic.  If you don't live in JC Heights, you've probably never been here, unless found it on Yelp.  I make an effort to stop here every time I'm driving through the Heights (and am able to find parking).  It's a hard to spot, tiny Italian deli, but it's worth the search.  The bread is the perfect medium of not too hard and not too soft.  The meats and cheeses are top shelf.  I like to buy some cold cuts here, in addition to my sandwich, to keep in the fridge at home.  The staff is really friendly too.  Their Italian sub is phenomenal, but so is any other cold cut sandwich that you can concoct while you wait in line to order.  Andrea's is totally Jersey fresh.
This place, in one word, AMAZING. The best cold cuts and fresh mozzarella I have ever had. Their bread is good but adding these items on top make it the best! My family has been going here since I was a child. My mom still travels to this place every other weekend to by the mozz and proscuitto. Never, ever disappointed! Mozz is milky and fresh like it should be. Made freshly in the back using love. Place is small and during lunch the place is packed! Cops, firemen, EMTS pack this place for great sandwich. It blows any other places mozz out of the water. I recommend and argue with everyone about this place. AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME! Nothing compares...NOTHING!
This place has been great forever.  You are not going to find a better Italian sandwich anywhere.  Packed into a small venue this place does nothing but surprise you with the best of everything
I love this place! The sandwiches are delicious , especially the soprano. The salads are really great too. I used to work right around the corner from them and would go at least once a week. The line is always out the door, but you can call ahead to reduce your wait time.
So Andrea Salumeria is one of those places you will drive past every day for a year and never notice it was there (because I did exactly that). But what a great surprise it was when I finally went! I am a huge fan of cured meats and deli food, its just one of those things that really hits home for me. The place itself is very small, uncooked pasta, olives, stuffed peppers and everything else you would expect in a nice Italian deli on the walls. The meat they have imported and the selection is not huge but well done. The mozzarella is amazing, this might be one of the best reasons to go here. It was soft, had a nice saltiness to it and melted in your mouth like butter. So I ordered a soprano sandwich while I was there with the works. It might have been one of the most enjoyable sandwiches I have had in a LONG time. The meat was great, you could tell this wasn't just shoprite brand meat and they cared what they were giving you. The mozzarella was fresh and had just the right consistency and the bread was not that to soft where it falls apart but had a nice crisp crust to it while the inner was soft enough. The staff which consisted of only three of them including the owner were extremely pleasant. The talked to me like I had been coming there fore years. After my experience here I couldn't wipe the smile off my face for a good hour :)
this place is awesome.  i can't believe we've lived in the heights for 3+ years and just found out about it.  it's better than vito's in hoboken. . . also, 30 rock fans:  if you ever saw the teamster sandwich episode, andrea would be a teamster sandwich.
We love this place...for everything from the fresh cold cuts, to yummy italian sandwiches, to fresh mozz, and olives...I could go on, but the best part are the guys who work there.  Always friendly, always moving and making people smile...even when there is a long lunch line!
There's no surprise that you see 5 stars across the board; this deli is wonderful. First, the food is great. Everything is so fresh and delicious, from the cold cuts to the bread. They can even make a ham and cheese sandwich taste like pure gold. Now, onto the staff. These are probably the nicest group of people alive. They are so unbelievably personable. It's hard to believe that customer service this good still exists. Anyway, A+ to Andrea Salumeria!
If the food is delicious and the people are the best, why would you go anywhere else? You could, but then you'd be a damn fool. Oh and where else will you get a bunch of sweet Italians speaking to you in Tagalog (Filipino)?   =)
Not only is this place, in my opinion the best Italian Deli in Jersey City, it was also named by NJ Magazine as the best deli in the state of New Jersey. My taste buds thank the food gods that this place is within walking distance of my house. The first sandwich I ever purchased from Andrea's was nothing short of a religious experience. The "Soprano" came LOADED with their (in-house) freshly made mozzarella, prosciutto, soppressata, sun-dried tomatoes and olive oil. Pete said when he was making it that  "Proscuitto and Mozz are like Romeo and Juliet". I added a little balsamic and every bite nearly sent a tear of joy streaking down my cheek. came close to reaching food nirvana. Their chef salad is unparalleled. The also have the best olive and cheese selection in the heights, bar none. Bravo!
Best Italian deli I have been to in a looooong time.  Prices are great and the guys are hysterical.  PS - ask them to show you what a full sandwich looks like before you order it!  Don't say you weren't warned ;-)
This is the best Italian Salumeria in Jersey City, I used to work on the same block and I was there for lunch almost everyday, the salads are amazing simple but amazing, the sandwiches are full of meat and cheese always hefty portions, great for Sunday Football eats. I truly enjoy going to Andrea even though I no longer work so close anymore.
My co-worker dragged me here during our lunch break claiming it would change my life and I need to stop settling for Subway.  OMG I will rarely doubt her recommendations again.  I had the tuna and added some fresh mozz since she would have left me to walk back to work if I didn't try it.  BEST! DECISION! EVER!!!!!! I've never had a tuna sandwich like that and haven't had one from anywhere else since then
OMG. This place is worth the trip, worth whatever you have to do to get here.  Old-school Italian deli with amazing sandwiches and homemade moooooooozzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! They have a great cheese selection, and several others are store-made as well. Great prices, and the owner and his employees are all super friendly and talkative.  Friend and I split a sandwich and the mozz was so good we took it off and just ate it alone, marvelling at how such a normally bland cheese could taste so amazing when made with care and love by human hands. I now want a sandwich!
Yes. Solid Italian deli. Loved the fresh mozarella - made in house! Great selection of mouth-watering meats and cheeses plus other random stuff that you can't pick up just anywhere. No skimping out on the sandwich ingredients. Very nice, chatty staff. This is what Jersey means to me.
The sandwich that everyone else either compares theirs too or attempts to copy.  Quality ingredients n the best bread around.
Great place, friendly service.  I moved out of the neighborhood, but my girl didn't luckily.  Never a let down.  There are two other Sumeria's on central but they might as well shut down, don't know how they stay open with this place a few blocks away.  As mentioned in other reviews constantly busy with cops, firemen and emt's, always a good sign.
Amazing service and also amazing fresh cold cuts!
Pretty damn good deli, very limited menu, no hot items except soup, but what they do serve is quite good.  The quality of the bread can really make or break a sandwich and the hero rolls here cerainly make the grade.  You know you found a gem when the place is filled with local firemen and cops.
They have by far the freshest mozzarella I've ever tasted! I'm in love with their Soprano sandwich!
The best italian sub shop of all time.
Heaven on Earth! Everything here is good!!! The guys are friendly and the service is great! My favorite is the prosciutto w/mozz sandwich. My goodness! Their salad is awesome as well! My favorite deli in JC!!! Do your tummies a favor and try them!
This place is very good. Bianca mana's mutz is better in my opinion. The cold cuts are top notch. If you dont feel like driving to hoboken this deli is a great alternative.
Simply the best salumeria in north jersey and definitely you get your money's worth awesome
I really didn't believe everyone when they said this was the best sandwich place in Hudson county. I just didn't give this place 5 stars for no reason. The sandwiches are amazing.
This is my first review so I wanted to write about my favorite local food.  I used to go to Salerno's, which is closer to my house, but I ventured further down Central to Andrea's based on the great reviews here.  I have only had the Soprano or the Hot Stuff sandwiches, but they are some of the best sandwiches I ever had.  The Soprano has thick slices of fresh mozzarella, and meats cut and weighed to order.  My only minor complaint is that the bread is a little hard for my liking.   I think I love the staff as much as the sandwiches.  There is always a slow moving line but the staff are so friendly and pleasant that I enjoy the wait.
Great place for sandwiches.  My boyfriend and I had the Soprano and the What's Up and both were excellent. The rolls are fresh and delicious, simply everything you'd ever want in a roll.  The meat was also amazing.  The service was super-friendly.  I'll definitely be back.
Hands down the best Salumeria in the Tri-State Area. Some of my earliest childhood memories are of my family going here or my mother going in every Sunday morning after church. We always got fresh mozzarella, pepperoni, cold cuts, bread, olives, etc....The best, you won't go wrong getting a sandwich for lunch here, they will give you enough food to feed an army.
biggest reason i miss living in the heights, the soprano sandwich is superb, on par with the legendary fiores in hoboken.  It's a shame that family deli's like this are a memory in manhattan....and although excellent, sorrisso in queens skimps on the goods compared with andrea's generous servings...
So glad that we decided to go to this place for some deli meats, turned out that they have been opened for a long time. The guy, who served us, was very nice and friendly. We bought about $100 worth of various of meats and truffle cheese, which were made in the store. I definitely would like to go back and try some of their sandwiches.
Needed to put together a nice charcuterie & cheese board for a special occasion, so came here to pick up the material. Had a choice between this place or a few other ones in the city, but I'm really glad I chose this one. The selection of different cold cuts was pretty impressive. For some reason, not too many places in Jersey City carry Boar's Head. Certainly none of the major players do, like A&P, Shop Rite, BJs, Target, etc. So I was glad to see these guys fully stocked with the full spectrum of Boar's Head meats. They also had some imported stuff, like small capicola and dry Italian sausage links. The cashier (one of the owners) was super cool, and I would come back just for the awesome way he treats his customers. As he was slicing up the different cuts of meat for us, he gave us a little background about himself & the store and also treated us to some samples. The sheep's truffle cheese sample blew our minds, so we ended up getting half a pound of that as well. While waiting for our turn to order, we could see people ordering different sandwiches for lunch. The Soprano really got my attention, with the copious amounts of meat and fresh mozzarella cheese. Definitely gonna try that next time I'm here. Might even sneak out here from work during my lunch break. Needless to say, the charcuterie platter turned out excellent (see my pics). The quality was so damn good, I have absolutely no reason to go to the city for cold cuts ever again!
On a recent driving vacation in New England, we popped out of the Holland Tunnel in Jersey City on our way to the Statue of Liberty. But first, lunch. A quick Yelp search and were heading to Andrea Salumeria for subs.  Walking in the door, I'm not sure I'm in the right place.   With no menu on the wall, I'm not sure what to do so I announce my virgin status to the staff. Immediately the guys behind the counter start guiding me through the Andrea odyssey to deli sub nirvana. I ordered a couple of basic meat and cheese subs for the teenagers and set my sights in the Combo sub for mom and me. As I watched them shave the deli meats and start laying down a half-inch layer of fresh made mozzarella spiked with chunks of smoked provolone, I knew I was in the right place. The guys were friendly and helpful to this stranger as we waxed quixotic about the upcoming NFL season hopes for the Giants. Fifteen minutes later as we sat in our minivan in the Liberty Park parking lot, I tore into the fabulous bread and dizzying array of meats and cheeses - a cocktail of mayo, oil, and vinegar running down my forearms! Go often, go hungry, be very satisfied.
As a jersey city native it pains me to say I have yet to ever step foot in this place (do not judge me) but have been eating their sandwiches for years now. This is solid food my friends. No better Italian sandwiches around. Fresh meat, huge portions, and decent prices. As I've gotten older, the sandwiches have gotten better. Or maybe it's just me learning to appreciate the better things in life such as Andreas. Every month, we order a bunch of these sandwiches and mix them all up in our office. Everyone of them has something better than the other. And there is no way, I can pick one and say it's the best. They're all really good. They offer salads which are decent nothing that I would actually say get. Just stick with the sandwiches. Even if your a health freak, you only live once (yolo), enjoy their sandwiches and what they're known for the right way.
Confession: I have been going to the market across the street for years and years and always thought Andrea Salumeria was an Italian Community Center.  Thank goodness for Yelp because I was missing out on a good thing. Please get some new signage Andrea because I love you and want everyone else to love you too. First impression: It smells sooooooo good. Salty meats and fruity olive oils hang in the air and beckon me inside. Service: Utterly charming. The guys are the counter keep things moving and asked questions to make sure I got my sandwich just the way I like it. Food: I contemplated a salad but went for a classic, the Combo sandwich. This is no mass produced deal. The bread is good hearty Italian bread, narrow with a good bite to it. The meats and cheeses are sliced fresh and the saltiness of the sharp provolone is so perfect with the creamy homemade mozzarella. I tried to save half for lunch the next day but caved in and had it for breakfast. Yes i'm weird, but it was delicious. I'm looking forward to going back to snag some of the other items they have, especially some mascarpone. The  guy behind the counter looked intrigued when I told him I make tiramisu ice cream. Maybe i'll get some of the zeppole mix I spotted in there and make a zeppole cream puff filled with tiramisu ice cream. Feeling totally inspired by this great little deli/grocery.
I've been coming here since I was kid. Now that I live in another county all together I still make it out once a month because their salads and sandwiches are to die for. The employees make you feel like family with an upbeat and positive attitude. It doesn't hurt that the food is amazing. Not many places can keep a 5-star rating for long... If you're in the Jersey City area you need to stop by Andreas!
When I walked in, I felt like I was transported to Arthur Avenue in the Bronx / Court Street in Brooklyn.  Every legit Italian deli must be designed by the same interior designer: narrow, cured meats hanging from the ceiling, and picture perfect goods on the shelves. The place was full of locals who were greeted by first name (it felt like Cheers).  When I placed my order, I wanted to chant "Cut that meat!" like Peyton Manning: youtube.com/watch?v=qPUa… - I was mesmerized by the motion of the cutter and the amount of meat/mutz. I went with the Combo (with hot peppers) and Soprano.  The sandwiches were solid: soft top bread, perfect balance of meat/cheese, and firm bottom bread. The best part was that the sandwiches weren't mushy (which is usually the case with other places, due to the delay in eating the sandwiches). Fuggedaboutit, I'll definitely be back.
I'm writing this review to let everyone know that I'm craving Andrea Salumeria subs and am almost having withdrawals. If they were open late at night I would be on the half hour journey to this heavenly place.
This place has insanely good reviews but I personally was not blown away by the sandwiches. I ordered the combo sandwich without ham. The ingredients were all top quality and that is clearly where this place excels. Every piece of meat and cheese was fresh and tasty and complimented the sweet peppers and condiments nicely. I did find that eating the sandwich together was just too much and also that the flavors didn't "mesh" together like I wanted them to. I also wasn't a big fan of the bread the sandwich was on. Since the meat and cheese inside was really good, I just ended up eating those by themselves, layer by layer. I also bought some homemade mozzarella and some olives. I was expecting the cheese to be better considering the stellar reviews. I put it in a caprese salad and it was okay, but then I used it in some eggplant Parmesan and it was much better melted. The olives were good. The people who worked there are friendly and helpful which is always a plus. I went on a weekday late afternoon and found parking easily and it wasn't crowded.
After a long day on Yelp looking for a spot to try... I ran into this and saw the amazing reviews. I literally left work early called my up a friend who shares the same desire for good food and we went! Parking sucks but we managed to get some quarters and parked across the street. I went in and the smell of fresh salami and mozzarella came over me! It was very small but you know that saying.. good things come in small packages.. well I don't go by that but for Andrea Salumeria... THAT IS THE CASE! Thankfully the pictures and the reviews from other Yelpers helped me in just buying one Sandwhich and sharing with my friend. IT WAS MORE THAN ENOUGH! Omg.. the first bite was ... just so amazing. We ordered the Soprano with basil. The Roasted Tomatoes were so amazing, I have never had a sandwhich this delicious. Awesome find. I am so grateful. I told everyone about it ! The mozzarella was so fresh and juicy! mmmm so good. We also had two canollis .. the shells were a little to hard for my liking but the CREAM FILLING was flipping delicious. lol GO get yourself a SOPRANO!
Hands down the best spot for sandwiches and cold cuts.....meats and breads are always fresh and tasty.
It's a schlep to get to this dynamite deli in the Heights...but it's worth it. Andrea Salumeria is a cramped deli/Italian grocery on Central Ave. They keep things simple: sandwiches. And plenty of them. What separates Andrea Salumeria from most delis is the impossible freshness of the goods.  Hams, salamis, cheeses...all are sliced right there and go well beyond Boars Head or Thumann's.  The sandwiches are immense (a 'half' is just that: half a full loaf of Italian bread).  I went with half a What's Up.  This was a hulking half loaf of crusty Italian bread loaded with  hot sopressata, hot and mild capicola, fresh mozz, sharp provolone, and hot peppers. Hot damn. That was a good sandwich. It won't surpass 2nd Street in my heart (unquestionably better meats, but the bread just didn't add to the sandwich. That, and it's not exactly walking distance), but this is still one of the best delis I've experienced.
always fresh, the fact that they slice the cold cuts in front of you shows the freshness they are dealing with here. The bread is always soft, the service is great, prices are a little high, but when you see the quality is worth it. They also have frozen italian pasta that is very good and inexpensive. Definitely recommended.
I was looking for a store with Italian specialities and came across this deli. I called them first time to ask for mascarpone cheese and then called second time to ask for ladyfinger cookies. The owner(I guess so) answered my calls and was a pleasure talking to him. I reached 5 mins after their shop closing time due to bus delays but he still helped me with my stuff. He immediately recognized me as the person who had called twice. He was such an amazing person that it felt nice to meet him. Got all that I was looking for and so much more.
Excellent fresh mutz, great sandwiches and friendly peeps behind the counter all packed into a tiny little deli. They also carry some italian groceries. The Ricotta brand they carry is excellent also. Parking can be tough since it is metered and  the deli is located in a busy shopping area.
Let me just say I've heard about this place but nothing prepared me for the deliciousness of just walking into Andrea's!  It's a small shop jam packed -almost neurotically neatly organized, which makes me happy!- with imported products complete with hanging aged and dried meats! Let me not forget the mouth watering scents that envelope your senses as soon as you walk in!  If you weren't too hungry walking in, you will be! The food...the freshest mozzarella and the sweets savory roasted sun dried tomatoes I've ever had!  The prosciutto and sopresatta where fresh and oooh so good!  What I'd expect??! It's a salumeria:) Having divulged the ingredients, those who are in the know, know that I had a Soprano!....2 days consecutively!! I know, fatbutt but oh well!  Ah! Wait! Forgot the Italian breads! Yup different kinds and so tasty!   Definitely a spot to taste if you're looking for take out -no hot foods but anti pastas and sandwiches are excellent!
This place is amazing!  Authentic and fresh Italian deli... The combo is delicious!  It's hard to find a sandwich this good these days.
We ordered the what's up sandwich and the quality of the meat was very good and the mozzarella was very fresh. The bread however was very chewy and I'm not sure if it was freshly baked. For a place with such good quality on everything else, I'd like to eat a sandwich with better quality bread. Especially when I'm paying $8.00+ for a sandwich. The staff is very friendly and the service is fast and attentive. I will definitely go back to buy deli meat.
Prosciutto and fresh mutz sandwich with all the trimmings. uhhhHHHhhrghhhuuuuHHHggrruhhhHHhh. That's me drooling.
I am salivating just thinking about their cold cuts. My family has ordered platters from Andrea's MANY times and every time we are more than satisfied. Cold cuts are always fresh and fantastic. If I could go here everyday, I would. Def try their fresh mozzarella that they hand make every day! You will not be disappointed, I promise!
Came here after checking out the glorious reviews of the place here on yelp. Ordered the famous Soprano and Combo sandwiches and they were almost as good as advertised. One minor complaint: the bread was a bit hard and chewier than I was expecting. Nevertheless, will make sure to visit once again, if in the area.
Fantastic Italian deli!!  They have an amazing assortment of cold cuts.   No better Italian sandwiches around. Fresh meat, big sandwiches and decent prices.   Just like Grandma used to make!
Their Mozzarella is Truly one of the best!   I got the Pete's Special Tuna.  It was alright, would have liked for the roll to be softer.  Almost chipped a tooth while eating it. Seems like everything else would be delicious.  Just wish the bread was softer Nice and Friendly staff!
The second I walked into this place I knew I was official Italian deli.  When you walk in the first thing you see is the prosciutto hanging from the ceiling and it has that real Italian deli aroma. I got the combo sandwich which had capicola, prosciutto, salami, fresh mozzarella, thick cut provolone topped with sweet peppers (may have left something out, there was a lot of different cold cuts on that intense sandwich).   Now, let's get started on the fresh mozzy, I didn't ask but I could tell it was real fresh mozzarella that they put on that sandwich.  REAL fresh mozzarella has a specific taste that you can't get with store bought fresh mozzarella, it's rich, creamy, and full if flavor!  Plus, it was still warm, you can't get fresher than that!!! The bread was awesome!  My co-worker who I got lunch with, told me they make their own bread. As for the cold cuts, I could tell they spared no expenses on the brands they got, and from looking at the prosciutto it seems to be all imported cuts. The guys working here were cool as hell, super personable.  In fact, we were even talking about some movies while they're making are sandwiches.  I don't know why, but I love having random conversations with people at different places. I have to mention the biggest container of Nutella I have ever seen!  It was like a bucket of Nutella!  The guys working there told me weighed 13 pounds!  That's absolutely insane, in a good way! I can't wait to go back and get another great sandwich from here!
Andrea Salumeria is a Jersey City institution. They consistently make great sandwiches. I'm a fan of the Soprano but I like to make my own sandwich with prosciutto, fresh moz, sun dried tomatoes, balsamic and olive oil. They should name that sandwich after me. I've gone about five times this month alone which should tell you that it's a fantastic place and that I eat too much carbs. The cannoli is very good. They freshly pipe the cream as you order which is key to good crunchy cannoli goodness. I tell everyone about Andrea's. Not only do they have great food, the people are so nice, welcoming, and I swear they know everyone that buys food from them. So, basically you should try this place out. Support local business that make yummy food!
Walking into this sandwich spot, I was expecting to give it less than 5 stars. My friend had been telling me about this places for months without actually telling me the name or where it is. But today, we happened to be by it and he pointed it out.  Once again, he told me this was the best Italian deli ever and that my mind would be blown. I thought he was overhyping it, but he wasn't. We ordered the "What's Up?" full sized sandwich. It's $17, but it's absolutely massive. The full size is served as two foot long sandwiches, so you're really paying $8.50 a foot, very reasonable for the quality of the sandwich you're getting. I was surprised to see the guy at the counter pick up a few packages of cured meats and begin slicing them fresh. He chuckled at my surprise and asked me if it was my first time here. They also sliced their fresh mozzarella in nice thick slices. I like that the sandwich also had sharp provolone since I find mozzarella to be too creamy without enough flavor at times. Finished my sandwich off with hot peppers. What really makes this sandwich is the bread. It's fresh, very crusty, and very flavorful. I would've been happy just eating the bread. The meats were also very good, not too salty and a little bit of spice. The combination of creamy mozzarella and sharp provolone with the hot peppers was excellent. There are only 5 things on the menu here, but they do em right. Oh and there's no seating here, but there's a park down the street where you can eat your sandwich.
Ok, just got out of this place. I have no idea what just happened to me. I vaguely remember starting to eat this sandwich.... And then going into some multicolored world. Like seriously, this sandwich is like LSD. My tastebuds experienced feelings that they had never seen or even heard of before this. I started doing the harlem shake in the middle of the street. I had the ham sandwich with hot peppers and of course their freshly made mozarella. The mozarella was so fresh. And the bread was amazing as well. But the best thing was the combination. The bread, with the moz with the hot peppers with everything just gave such an amazing taste that I am sure I am going to be a regular. Even if its not exactly near where I live.
I am a sucker for the following two things: quality cured meat (heh) and quality Italian men. And so, with an insane desire for a traditional Italian hero, I found myself at Andrea Salumeria. Based on the reviews I'd read on here, I knew this place would certainly satisfy my craving. As soon as I walked inside, I was greeted by the guys slicing up goodness behind the counter and immediately got a great vibe from the place. As I waited to order, I noticed everyone, whether customer or employee, had a good relationship with one another. The concept of famiglia was certainly apparent and I adored it - especially since it came from these charming Italian men (again, I nearly melted right there). Although most people come for the sandwiches and salumi, they also sell all kinds of Italian pantry staples: pasta, olive oil, torrone, taralli, arborio rice, anchovies, tuna, and even "00" flour. I tried not to turn into a giddy little schoolgirl as I watched my sandwich come together: hot peppers (the original combo comes with sweet, but I like a little punch!) soppressata, capicola, fresh mutz, sharp provolone, ham, and salami on fresh bread. And I also couldn't believe I'd just ordered a mere *half.* The combination of meats was just wonderful and the quality was not overshadowed by the cheeses. The provolone subtly cut through it all, while the creamy mutz provided a nice contrast. The peppers added piquancy, but were by no means overwhelming. The bread was also fantastic. The outside was crisp with a great chew, while the inside was fluffy. It held up very well to the ingredients inside and even at the end of the day, when I went back for my leftovers, it hadn't gotten soggy. There are a ton of places that look like and sell product just like Andrea Salumeria. However, despite that, very few places measure up. You'd be wise to get here, not just for the food, but for the ambiance as well. *Note: They do accept credit cards, but there is a $20 minimum.
I was on my way from my apartment in Bloomfield to my brothers house in Hudson county, and said would pick up subs from Big Stash's, when some gavone (Italian slang  for jerk) in a caddy cut me off and I missed the exit to Kearney. It landed me in mid afternoon traffic on the 1&9 which was the perfect time to discover new spots in northern Jersey City,  and look and behold,  I find the best Italian Salumeria (Italian Deli) I've encountered in my experience in N.J., Andrea's Salumeria. I'm a Brooklyn born, Staten Island raised transplant who is 75% Italian and Sicilian (rest British),  so I've been exposed to the best Italian food in America,  and also spent time in Italy,  but NOWHERE have I tasted (Mott st and Grand included) sandwiches as delicious as the ones I ordered at this place. The soprano: bread as crisp and chewy as this doesn't seem possible outside of the best bakeries , the meats as sublime as you can imagine, home made cheese dripping with moisture, so creamy,  I am depressed that I didn't take home a pound or two (yet I'm sure I gained one or two), dressed so well with the tangiest sun ripened dried tomatoes,  fresh evoo,  it was tangy yet delicate in it's balance of the meats cheeses and punctuated by the tomato. The gabbagool, ah foogedaboutit. The Combo was close in composition  but the delicate fresh pulled mozzarella (mutz in NJ) cheese was completed by sharp Arruccio provolone,  sweet peppers and fresh garlic,  Italian herbs and oil. This place makes me want to buy a house down the block someday.
Did you know Andrea Salumeria makes salads?  I didn't.  The picture I posted of my salad looks kind of unappetizing, but it was an awesome salad.  Keep your kale and mixed field greens, this salad was pure romaine lettuce and drenched in oil and vinegar dressing.  I actually usually go light on dressing, a little goes a long way for me, but it worked on this salad.  Another thing I'm not a fan of is tuna, and this salad was full of tuna.  Since I usually avoid tuna (unless it's in my sushi), I don't know if this tuna is legit Italian canned tuna or what, but it was really good.
No pesto.... fresh mozz n peppers. Okay so they give you a lot of fresh mozz but I was not impressed with the sandwich at all. It was so plain I feel like I spent $10 for nothing. Now that I see some peoples photos of the sandwiches here I will go back and add some extras... I don't like to eat deli cuts that much so I tend to get veggie sandwiches but this definitely need more taste. I'll give it another try.
This place is absolutely fantastic. Yes, it's out of the way for me, but I have a bike, and a few miles for this food is easily worth it.  I often pick up my soppressata and fresh mozzarella here, they're both fantastic, but if I'm in town for lunch and have time for the trip then it's one of my favorite spots for a great big sandwich piled high with excellent quality meat. The guys who run this place definitely have fun with it, and it's easy to see they have a good relationship with their regular customers, a group which I aspire to someday join.
Hey! Hey you!  Fuggedabout what you read here, 'kay? Because this place is so amazing that the line was already out the door on a Saturday around noon. Firefighters, cops, local Heights residents, and lil ole me. And Bald One, but once I walked into Andrea Salumeria I forgot all about him. Charming Italian gents paying me compliments? (He also said, "I have an Asian thing too..." to Bald One....LOL I almost died laughing!) Yes. The aroma of smoked proscuittos and salamis and olives and parmesan hitting me as soon as I walked in? Yes. The most mouthwateringly delicious sandwiches you ever did eat? Yes. We got a "half" Soprano. Let me tell you, the half is enough for 1 EXTREMELY large or EXTREMELY hungry man who has just done a lot of physical activity. If you're medium or small and have a regular appetite, you'll probably be able to SPLIT the half. And maybe eat something else on the side, like pickles or chips. They lay the salami, proscuitto, and some other delicious meats on really thick, with soft fresh house-made mozzarella and sundried tomatoes. Delicious!  I also added hot peppers for that spicy kick. This sandwich made my whole weekend! But now that you've read this, you should just, um,  you know....forget I said anything!
OMG!!! I finally had a chance to stop by, FANTASTIC.. I had the combo special. I will definitely go back, fresh mozzarella makes this sandwich perfect!! The people working were awesome ..
Hands down the best subs I have ever had, I have to escape work early to get here before it closes, and they are the nicest people behind the counter, they always let me taste the new batches of meats and cheeses to see what I want! One day they were out of bread and he let me run to the store grab bread and made me a sandwich after closing! A+
This place is amazing!! Defenitly a staple when I'm in NJ. If I had a tip, it would be to buy 2 subs and save one for a later date. They ARE that good! The friendliness of the staff is just a extra bonus.
You wanna be the best? You got to eat the best! This place serves up a combo with a lil bit a tude. Nothing like getting some old timey deli ribbing in this age of impenitent sterile counter service going amok on Central ave. 5 stars, get the mozz
Personal tastes evolve over time, and Andrea's has evolved from a solid deli to a worthy competitor to Vito's in Hoboken (which, if you know me, is saying a lot). The deli is small and unassuming, but it has a constant influx of customers waiting to order fresh mutz by the pound (or better yet, one of their delicious Italian sandwiches). When I'm craving a lunchtime sandwich, the Soprano from Andrea's is as good as I'll find pretty much anywhere.
They do take debit cards $20 min. Or .50¢ charge The bread is so good really makes the sandwich
This is by far the best Italian deli I have ever been to. The combo is that of legend. Stories of how good this deli is will be past down from generation to generation.  All other Italian delis should take notice. The sandwiches that are made here are to die for. One time I drove all the way from Staten Island just to have one of these god like sandwiches. My favorite is the combo and the soprano. You will not be disappointed.
This place has the most amazing sandwiches, Fresh bread , imported fresh meats , and that most amazing Mozzarella, fresh made and always so moist. The bread is always soft and fresh and they are very generous with the portions. I go out of my way to go grab a sandwich here once in a while it is worth it!!
This is a classic Italian deli. I go for the fresh grated reggiano Parmesan, the salted bocachinos (mini pieces of fresh mutz). Their sandwiches are also very good, they carry the finest Italian products. The smell that greets you when you walk in is that of old world Italian delis in little Italy. Oh and the also have fresh creamy ricotta cheese also called pot cheese by the old school Italians like my god mother R.I.P. The pasta salad is also on point. This place provides you with that very satisfying product that only old school Italian delis can provide. I'm glad that I live right down the street from this place.
We have been coming here for years! Since I was a kid, and I am now in my late 30's.   the mozzarella.... The mozzarella...... Goodness. I can live with that alone.  Everything is good here. Really. Service is great. Pete is a fantastic guy. So kind to me and my family for years! My favorite deli since I was a kid and still my number one. :)
The best been going for 20 years hven t changed
Ok do they really need another five star review?!!! They have a huge liter size of Nutella for sale. Specially imported from Italy! $60 I ordered a Soprano on a roll. Instead of sopressata I substituted for salami. OMG... so big I couldn't finish it in one sitting. I am addicted and I can't wait to be back for more. Pete, the owner is the nicest most friendliest shop owner I've had a chance of meeting lately. Its wonderful to still find places with great service and owners that are passionate about their business.
Ok, everything in here is HOT including the owner(PETE::SIZZLE)-OMG, hope he never reads this review, but I am head over heels in LOVE with this salumeria (DELI). I cant get enough of the fresh soups and salads made to order that they create with the best of ingredients that you could ever expect. The cold cuts are TO DIE FOR folks! not to mention the selection of different olive oils, Italian products and wonderful assortment of the like. BRAVO!!! Bellisimo!
I kept seeing this place on Yelp and could never seem to find it. (Maybe that is because it is a single door -plainly labeled- on a bland sidewalk in Jersey City Heights) Easily missed! Even when I was using my navigator to get there I had trouble finding it. Moral of the story, carefully find this place and you wont be sorry. Now I smile at every time I drive by. Lets talk about the food. The first time, and every time after, I have ordered the Soprano sandwich on a baguette. It is ABSOLUTELY amazing. I think the combination of the dried meats and cheeses, so thinly cut, paired with the fresh mozzarella and sundried tomatoes makes it pop. The quality of the meats is WAY above par and they (without a doubt) know how to make their mozzarella. Finally... a great deli and mozzarella that I can get without having to drive to Hoboken. (Sorry Lisa's & Fiore's) The soups on special are pretty good as well. I always need just a tiny bit more for lunch than just a sandwich. The service is so pleasing. Those Italian, mafia style fellas might appear intimidating but act like gentlemen. They make the whole experience worth it. The total time from your order to out the door is less than ten minutes. I really really love the simplicity of the food and will be back next time I'm in the Heights. (If you drive, you can quickly park in the lot across the street at the Shoprite)
Yeah... Amazing. This is an upscale italian deli. The sandwiches are great. Lots of meat, amazing house made mozzarella, fresh ingredients, great bread. They even are friendly and talkative, which makes it pretty much the bomb. Get the soprano, or combo sandwich if you think you've had a good sub, you won't be disappointed.
5 Stars...  For a Italian Deli, YES...  Would of never found this place if it was not for all the 5 star ratings on Yelp.  Lived in the Heights for 3 years now and totally regret not finding this gem of a deli sooner... The Soprano was one of the best sandwiches I have in a long time.  The bread was fresh,  crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside.  The mozzarella was fresh and delicious.  The meat, perfect and sliced paper thin, just melts in your mouth.   I also had the Combo.  It is also a great sandwich, but it is no comparison to the The Soprano. There was a good crowd waiting for food when I went but the line was always moving.  The guys behind the counter know what there are doing.
This place is fantastic......I have high expectations for quality Italian food- not because Im Italian or anything, but more so because Italian food, to me, represents demonstrating excellence in food by keeping it simple and clean and letting the natural flavors and high quality products do the talking...AND THAT IS WHAT THIS PLACE IS ABOUT.... The Soprano I had was amazing.  Fresh (made on premises) mozzarella, high quality prosciutto, delicious sun-dried tomatoes, ham, and more....so good. Then drizzled with a little olive oil (and I added some balsamic vinegar for good measure).... The best part about it...As one of the workers was making my sandwich and taking the time to ensure that the Olive Oil and Vinegar were perfectly drizzled over every part of my sandwich, he says "You gotta take pride in what you do right?"   God, if more people treated their sandwiches like that...It'd be a better world. lol PLEASE PAY THEM A VISIT!!
When I'm planning a picnic this is my first stop after the wine store. The combo sandwich puts anything you would get at Subway to shame. Freshly sliced cold cuts, provolone, fresh mozzarella with hot peppers on crispy warm Italian bread with oil and vinegar drizzled over it. My mouth is watering right now...
This place was awesome. They had homemade mozzarella and amazing cold cuts of a wide variety. We ordered two sandwiches the "what's up" and the "combo". Both were great. A little slice of Italy where you can really get a sense of Jersey culture and have a tasty meal. You can also pick out some fun pantry staples as well!
The Chef salad is fresh, well seasoned.They add a lot of ham, swiss, mozz, and salami chunks. Their dressing is an italian vinaigrette that is top notch. The 'Soprano' sandwich is made with ample amounts of mozzarella slices, salami, ham, prosciutto, and sundried peppers. It is a huge sub, big enough to share half. The staff is friendly, premises seem clean. They have italian imported products stocked on the shelves, but be sure to check the expiration date. The only cons are  that they don't serve hot sandwiches, no eat in being that the premises are tiny/take out only. I highly recommend if you are in the vicinity.
I'm torn on whether to give Andrea four or five stars...  That said, this is one of the only spots I've visited in Jersey City or elsewhere that almost lives up to the hype.  I got "the Soprano," a beautifully constructed (if tacky-named) sandwich of fresh mozzarella, salami, prosciutto, and some other assorted cold cuts topped with sun dried tomatoes and drizzled with olive oil and vinegar and served on a nice piece of Italian bread...  Hands down, the sandwich was in the 4.5-5 star range.  It typified all of the best elements of charcuterie and Italian cuisine in general, namely the importance of simplicity and the impulse to allow ingredients to do the talking with minimal interruption. The room mate got the classic combo.  This one was good, but not as impressive.  Something about the ham and sweet peppers gave it a vaguely Subway-ish character.  Hard to pin down, but it just seemed more prosaic.  So 3-3.5 on that one. Finally, the service was great.  The folks behind the counter were very funny in a sort of old school smartass kind of way.  I think I'll give them the fifth star for that quality, as well as the huge selection of pastas, sauces, and other imported odds and ends (and I left with more than a few).  Considering my Italian roots in both Jersey City and Hoboken, I've been lucky to have (and spoiled by) this sort of food my whole life...  As such, I'm really surprised I didn't know about this place sooner.  It easily stacks up to Fiore, Vito's, etc...
Legend has it that footage of Tony Soprano (RIP) picking up a bunch of subs from here for his team while handling "business" in JC was sadly left on the cutting room floor at HBO.  Ok, I just made that up but this place deserves to be on TV.  This place is home to some of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life.  The fresh bread, the salty cured meats, the heavenly mozz, this place is the real deal.  From 2003-2004 I lived right down the block.  From 2003-2004, I gained roughly 20 lbs.  Coincidence?  I'll let you decide that one. When you first enter the store you see walls and shelves filled with all sorts of imported Italian specialty items. You begin to imagine yourself as the type who throws lavish dinner parties with platters of fine antipasti and imported olives and sh*t.  As you get closer to the counter, prepare for a sensory overload of meat, meat, and more meat.  Pete and the rest of the guys behind the counter are a really great bunch and the service is always top notch.  Watching these guys prepare your sandwich is an experience and they are not stingy with the meat.  I usually switch between the combo, the prosciutto, and Pete's special tuna (all w/ mozz obviously).  While this mozz is delicious as f*ck, I'd have to give Fiore's in Hoboken the slight nod when it comes to best in the area.  Believe me though, you will not be disappointed.  Come here starving, leave with a foot long sandwich piled high for under $10.  Easily a nice lunch for 2.
