When I think pizza, this does not come to mind. The crust is flaccid (yes, I said flaccid) and it's so thin that it can barely hold any toppings. There is a problem when you are forced to cut your pizza with a knife. The pies are on the small side, so all of a sudden that $11 for a cheese pizza isn't so cheap because you have to get two to feed two people. There was a line outside, but I really don't understand why. We had two pizzas and neither tasted that wonderful: the Harry Belafontina, sans raisins, and the marianna. On our way out, a man who I believe is the owner asked us whether we will be back. He was so nice that I didn't have the heart to tell him no. But Gee, Paulie, I wish you made a better pizza. :-(
Love this place and crave it constantly. The crust is thin, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. The toppings are superb and unique. The hot honey makes the pizza sweet, savory, and spicy. The atmosphere is rustic and the smell of pizza intoxicating.  The service is good once you sit, but the wait can be hours. I like to go early Mon-Thurs.
You approach Paulie Gee's and find large double doors reminiscent of a barn. When you enter you arrive upon a large, candle lit restaurant. It's a pleasant, unexpected surprise. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I felt right at home immediately. The staff is both polite and knowledgeable. We were seated at a communal table in the back right next to the cooking station and coal oven which gave us a bird's eye view of Paulie's magic pizza place. Paulie Gee himself greeted us and spent time talking about his business. He's prideful of his creation and a classy guy. He is seen making the rounds at all of the tables and checking on orders from the kitchen making sure the cuisine is up to par. The menu has a unique variety of personal pizzas you can share made to order with fresh top quality ingredients. My friend had the In Ricotta Da Vita and I went with the Cherry Jones. We watched every step from kneading the dough to adding the last dollops of ricotta. The Cherry Jones was a great choice. A little salty from the prosciutto, a little sweet from the Bing cherries and drizzled orange blossom honey and a bite from the Gorgonzola cheese. Everything complimented each other perfectly. One of, if not the best pizza I've ever eaten. Paulie treated us with a nice surprise and gave us a taste of their Regina pie with sweet Italian Fennel Sausage. All 3 pies I tried were magnifico! You are not going to find any fresher pizza than Paulie Gee's. It's not a typical NY pizzeria if that's what you are expecting, even though 95% of the menu is pizza. In fact it would be insulting to refer to it as a pizzeria, even though we all love them in it's own way. It's good for families or a date. Impressive list of local beer on draught. The gourmet pizza's range from $11-17, but one pie per person is more than enough. Worth going out of the way for. It's the type of place you tell all your friends about. They open at 6PM. Within 15 minutes the spacious restaurant was almost completely full, so get there early. I have a lot more pies I want to try so anyone else I can recruit to go, let me know!
Perfect. Beautiful ambiance, ultra vegan-friendly, on-point service, and the crust...oh my god, the crust. You need to go here, end of discussion.
A friend, who lives in South Brooklyn, is excited to come up to Greenpoint to eat at Paulie Gee's. He calls it "Jesus Pizza." As in, "As Awesome As Jesus Is" Pizza. What can I say, he grew up in the south and went to seminary. Paulie Gee's pizza is really good. The space is awesome. The wine (especially the gragnano, which is just perfect wine for pizza) is well selected and quite affordable. About the only problem with Paulie Gee's is that everyone else knows about it as well, and wants to get in at the same time you do. The pies aren't exactly traditional, which is in their favor. Try some of the more wacky pizzas, like the "Hellboy", which is basically a pepperoni pizza with spicy honey on it. It's more awesome than it even sounds. In a similar vein, the Cherry Jones, with gorgonzola, prosciutto, dried cherries, and orange blossom honey. It sounds kind of freakish at first, but it's a well-put together pie. Paulie Gee's is one of my favorite two pizza places in Brooklyn (Roberta's in Bushwick is the other, making similar crazy-sounding but awesome pies). And, even better, it's only blocks from where I live. You should go there immediately.
This place is amazing!! It was a two hour wait on a Friday night but it was def worth it!! I decided to order the delboy which has spicy soppresata on it and it was delicious.  Make sure to buy there signature hot honey to take home it's addicting!! Although its a small place and the wait was really long, the staff is great and the food is awesome!! You won't regret going.
YUM! can't wait to go back! Decor: Dark, intimate, and rustic. It's in a bit of a random location but totally worth the trip. They make the pizza in a giant oven in the middle of the restaurant so it's a little hot inside but cool for those of us who like to see our food being made. Paulie Gee was there walking around talking with everyone, which was nice and reinforced the neighborhoody element of the place. The place is not huge though and I don't think it takes reservations so I recommend going with a group of 4 max. Drinks: Short beer and wine list with mostly local reasonably priced options. Food: Pizzas are made to order and take time, so order quickly and get an app to tide you over! There are only 2 salad options - we had the Cheek Corea which was a delicious combination of lettuce, chick peas, pasta, lemon, and crispy bacon made from some animal's face. For pizza, we split the Dellboy, which was like a fancy pepperoni pizza. Perfectly charred crust, not soggy as some others have complained. (It's neapolitan style- not supposed to be thick crust!) There were so many options and we probably could have ordered another pie, but they are about $16 each so a bit of a splurge for two people on an average night. I will just have to go back soon and try more of them!
A few more delicious meals have reinforced my initial impressions. Wonderful, wonderful food, and a very friendly atmosphere. I'm quite impressed by the beautiful renovation of what was previously a fairly cavernous, uninviting space. Comparing this place to Lulu's, the bar around the corner that serves free personal pies with a drink purchase, is like comparing McDonald's to Peter Luger. In theory, both places serve meat, but I know which place I'll go back to again and again and which place I won't set in foot in unless I'm so drunk that I can barely see (or taste) what's in front of me.
I've lived in Greenpoint for a year and a half now, and Paulie Gee's is hands down my absolute favorite restaurant. Anytime we have a friend in town or someone who wants to explore the neighborhood, this is our go to location, and it wins them over every time. First off, the Greenpointer is a must order. Arugula and lemon seal the deal on this one. In no way is this a pizza I would ever have thought would be as amazing as it actually is, and I implore you to try it. The Bacon Marmalade, a local specialty, is usually a big success with adventurous friends and out-of-towners. I also love their Gates of Eden salad as a side with any of their other amazing pies. Paulie Gee himself will almost be guaranteed to make a stop by your table while here, a gesture I wish more restaurant owners made. He cares about his customers and genuinely wants to check in and see if you're satisfied. A really sweet guy with whom it is a pleasure to chat. Wonderful ambiance. Excellent food. An enjoyable evening is guaranteed.
They have earned one more star after my second and third visits.  Glad to have them within walking distance of my apartment and while I can't say it's the best pizza in NYC it does rate pretty high up there!
This is some of the best pizza I had outside of Italy.  My wife and I started coming here not long after it opened, and it has what even the other amazing Brooklyn pizza places lack:  personality.  From the moment you walk in through the 18th century barn doors, you are transported not only to a different place, but to a different time.  A time when good things were wrapped in simple packages.  The only downside is that there is usually a wait, especially on weekends, but the wait is really worth it once you actually try the food.  OK so the food:  I'm really going to only write about the pizza because its so good I can't imagine why anyone would eat anything else. the selection is wide and unique (hot honey anyone?).  but what ultimately makes all good pizzas great, is the crust, and Paulie Gee's has, by far the best crust I ever had this side of the Atlantic.  perfectly chewy on the inside and just the right amount of burnt on the outside.  At any other place I would say its a sin to ruin the crust with tomato sauce an cheese, but PG's gets that just right too.  I generally don't write reviews unless I fee strongly about my subject, for good or bad.  this is definitely for good.
Fabulous all the way around!  Delicious sparkling red wine?  Pizza with dried cherries?  Pizza with spicy honey?  Classic crust straight outta the wood burning oven?  Great atmosphere?  Charming host?  Yes to all of the above.  Beats Motorino hands downs.  Tied with Roberta's.
I came here just last night with my boyfriend and our friend. We had decided to come here after hearing some rave reviews about this place from the bf's coworker. This place does not take reservations and is open only for dinner. There were several people waiting to be seated when we had arrived (around 7:30PM on a Saturday night), but we were seated promptly. I had decided to get their Regina pie, which was pretty good, though I thought it was kind of soggy. I really wanted to try something with their hot honey sauce, but all of the pies that had it had meat on it (and of course, they wouldn't add a honey sauce onto one of their vegan pies). I swapped a slice my Regina pie with my friend's Arugula Schmoogula pie, which was okay. I'm not sure I would make the trek all the way up to this part of Greenpoint for this place again any time soon, but I'd like to eventually return one day to try out one of their vegan pies.
The Witer Shade of Kale was simply amazing. After driving from put East on Long Island for over an hour, we were not disappointed. My vegetarian daughter was just as pleased with the selections. We were lucky enough to be seated in the back of the restaurant and got to watch the preparation and the ovum work. We also had the Rigina, Greenpointer and Delboy. I had it in my head to try the Hellboy, so we ordered a bottle of Mikes Honey Hot and added it to our second slice of the Delboy!  Wow!  That made it, sweet, spicy and salty all working together but arriving at different times. Pauly was out and about checking in and making sure everything was just right. Fun place, friendly and silly owner, cool digs and best of all fantastic pizza!  Everyone should stop in and try Pauly Gee's!
YO PAULIE!!!  Your pizza rocks!! I love pizza, but then again what Brooklyn girl doesn't.  And let me tell you, I know pizza.  Pizzerias in Brooklyn is like a snowflakes - no two are alike and Paulie's is not exception. This pizza is special.  The kinda of special I want to take home to my mom and show off.  First off, its really off the beaten track on a dead end street.  You really need to know its there or you'll never notice it.  As word gets out about this place, it will certainly become a destination pizza place. So until that happens, get it while its hot!   The decor is really cute, all wood and a little vintage.  The wood burning stove is really the icing on this delicious cake, I mean pie.  You can smell the fresh, unique ingredients the moment you walk in.   The staff is helpful and patient since many of the ingredients are unusual and intimidating.  I discovered that their basic pie (which isn't all that basic) uses mozzarella made from goat's milk.  I thought "will I even like this?"  But think out of the pizza box when you walk in here and try something different. Paulie was walking around, saying hi to everyone and ensuring that ever bite was pure bliss and perfection.  I was there with my sister for her birthday and enjoyed round after round of ooey gooey heaven with her party. For those who have allergies to particular cheeses, they're extraordinarily accommodating. They even offer vegan and non-dairy options.  There is definitely something for everyone here.   We started with a few salads - the Garden of Eden - which was heaven on earth.  Who would have thought a salad could be so delectable. The candied walnuts melt in your mouth and compliment the sweet, tart pears and tangy vinaigrette.   Personally, I enjoyed the King Harry, which was heavenly.  Just enough cheese and sauce to make a grown woman weep.  The dough is good enough to eat alone and the succulent prosciutto di parma thinly sliced over the entire pie was some of the best I ever had.  Even better than that was the Sweet Regina that had the best sweet italian sausage I've ever enjoyed.   My party also raved about the Greenpointer and Cherry Jones - both of which looked like they belonged in a gourmet magazine.   I love this place oh so much and can't wait to take everyone I know here.  It's OUT OF THIS WORLD!   Thank you Paulie Gee!!
This is the kind of pizza I love. While New York pizza is unique and whatnot, Paulie Gee's has amazing creations that I crave. I recommend the Hell-boy and the Greenpointer. The mozzarella variety they use is unusual for pizza and soooo melty delicious!
Dear Paulie Gee, Thank you for making awesome pizzas.  They are so delicious that my friends and I happily waited for an hour and half at the bar across the street for our table.  This is unusual for us.  Everyone was super nice and accommodating.  I love the vibe of your restaurant and we all had a great time. I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THE HELLBOY. In fact, I loved it so much, I bought  bottle of Mike's Hot Honey on my way out.   Also, is Mike single?  I think I love him, too.   Keep up the fantastic pizza.  We'll be back soon! xoxo, Caroline
I was disappointed.  It's good for what it is, but it's not really pizza. I am a pizza traditionalist, having grown up in Queens, but I am open to new versions and variations.  Paulie Gee's is acceptable by that standard. The "crust" has the quality of Indian nan, soft without any crispiness or body.  The various combinations are very tasty and enjoyable, but one should not come here expecting NYC pizza.  I'll stick with Denino's, DeFara, Totonno's, etc.
I'm going to start this off by saying that while (most of) the pizza was very tasty, there were some issues marring the experience. We ordered 4 pies -- Marianna, Whiter Shade of Kale, Greenpointer, and Red White and Greenberg. While most of the party didn't share the same sentiment, I thought Marianna was delicious. All the ingredients were quality and played well together to make a very *very* good tomato based pizza bite. The Greenpointer was a hit with everyone. Arugula, large shavings of Parmesan, a splash of lemon juice, and generous drizzle of olive oil. Mmmmmmmm mmm. Red White and Greenberg. OMG. The house pickled red onions made this pizza. They were crunchy and spicy and offset the fattiness of the guanciale wonderfully. I covet the house recipe! A Whiter Shade of Kale was a disappointment. The kale and mushrooms were tasty alone but sitting on a bed of cheese they did not have enough flavor to make this pizza anything but bland. Some crushed red pepper, or even garlic, would make the pie worlds better. Definitely the low point in our dinner. ...But one bland pie did not 3 stars make. So, why 3 stars? *What is up with the crust? All of the pies had soggy crusts. In fact they were so darn soggy that the slices of pizza had to be held with two hands. **We waited forever for our food. it does not take 35 minutes to make a pizza! Why are there only 3 people working in a kitchen of a busy restaurant? A soggy crust really kills.
As great as all the wonderful varieties of pizza are, the highlight of this place was Paulie himself. After seeing it on the food channel, I assumed this place would be hyped up and disappointing, however Paulie came out and greeted all his guests on a normal Wednesday evening. Glad to see its one of those rare places that doesn't go downhill once it gets some publicity. Can't wait to go back. Talking about the pizza, I love love the Greenpointer. A must-try.
Vegan pizza at it's finest. They have daiya, homemade faux sausage, and BEER. You know what it's like eating here? You remember that scene in Indiana Jones and Raiders of the Lost Ark where they open up the Ark of the Covenant? It's exactly that. IT WILL MELT YOUR FACE OFF. This pizza is so good that me and my gf waited 45 minutes to get our pies. The owner is also super nice and hangs out at that jam. Do yourself a favor and go here and pig out.
I finally made it out to Greenpoint to try this place.  WOW.  I loved the pizza.  I got the helboy, which has hot honey on the pizza.  Totally brilliant.  The service was great and the atmosphere was nice too.  I also liked that they had vegan that wasn't an afterthought.  I'll be back.
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.  YUM.  If you are familiar with DC, this place reminds me of 2Amy's.  If you like light, thin crust pizza, I definitely recommend it. Ordered: -Greenpointer (with arugula, big chunks of Parmesan, and a lemony flavor), --Whiter Shade of Kale (with mushrooms) -Arugula salad Made for a light refreshing meal...Probably some of the best pizza I've had! A nice touch: Paulie Gee actually circulates the restaurant!
Pizza taste fresh and can use a bit more flavor. What's with the soggy crust? Come on man! Great atmosphere and friendly staff.
Probably my favorite artisan pizza place. Aside from the remote location, it's a beautiful space and the pizza is made to perfection. It's an incredible chewy/crispy crust, perfect sauce, and fresh ingredients.
If you live in the neighborhood, this place is a drag. 12 times between August and December I tried ordering takeout between the hours of 6 and 7 on Fridays and Saturdays. Only 3 of those times was I successful. The pizza is amazing but it's not a neighborhood place. Owned by a someone from NJ, Paulie Gee's is aimed at the bridge and tunnel crowd who now count Greenpoint among the neighborhoods they'd like to travel to. If you're local and want to get good pizza for yourself and your kids take out style, look elsewhere!! I walked in there tonight at 6:45pm. The restaurant was more than half empty, but I was informed that take out was impossible because "it backs up the kitchen". When I pointed out that there were many empty seats I was told that there were "already a lot of tickets back there" but that I was welcome to eat in. I don't know restaurant speak but I guess that means invisible people were in line ahead of me but that if I ate in suddenly the kitchen wouldn't be backed up? Um....okay.....In a half empty restaurant that cooks pizzas in 2-4 minutes I was backing up the kitchen? Worst of all was some guy walked in to pick up his takeout while I was there. I guess he called at 6:30 and got "the treatment". I walked in at 6:45 and got turned away. It's sad when places are in a neighborhood but not of a neighborhood. My family and friends and I will go somewhere else from now on. If you want to not do take out, then say so on your website. Don't make a place that neighborhood people and kids love so exclusive!
The pizza was good and that was it. I don't mind waiting an hour when I'm not that hungry and especially when I know the type of restaurant I am going to. The waitress took such a long time to take just our drink order, that we decided to put in our food order too lest we not see her for another 20 minutes. The only other time we saw her, we had to flag her down to get a drink AFTER our food was delivered by someone else. Once our bill came and she picked it up another 10 minutes later, that is when she decided to inform us that their CC machine just went down and there was a sign on the door. However, we were waiting inside already when their machine went down and they put a sign up, so it would have been nice to know that when she took our order or handed us our bill. Basically, the shitty service and overly packed restaurant is just not worth it. Never going there again. Roberta's all the way.
Delicious pizza, and a really warm room (in terms of feel, not temperature).  The pizzas a little small for the money, but the quality of ingredients is superb and the staff was attentive. If they made the pies a little bigger and get their liquor license, it'd be perfect.
1. Amazing vegan pizza. We had the Simply Red with basil and Daiya and the Vegan Schmoogula. The ingredients are fresh and the crust is delicious insanity!! You almost sort of won't even miss the cheese. 2. Friendly staff. Seriously, such good service from the minute we walked in AND the owner came over to talk to us for a few minutes to make sure we were having a good experience. I like that. 3. Pleasant atmosphere. We sat at a long table with a bunch of other customers but it didn't feel crowded. Not weird or uncomfortable at all. Good lighting. Good music. Oh, and very impressive bathroom door latches (you just have to see for yourself). The only disappointment was that they were out of kale, but that just means I will be back for you, Vegan Rooftop! Watch out!
So, I went here twice in a week. Both times, my pizza was spectacular, the service friendly, and fast. I had 4 different pizzas and they were just fantastic: I was amazed how fast they came out from the kitchen, and enjoyed the vibe of the place. The service? friendly, not pushy; The toppings? delicious, fresh and interesting. I spoke to the owner both times and he clearly loves his business. The crust on the pizza? spot on.
Went here after being told that it rivals the very best of the best in the Williamsburg region and beyond, and should be considered right up there at the top with the likes of Roberta's, Forcella, Best Pizza, Motorino, Zero Otto Nove, Graziella's, and Grimaldi's. The pizza did not disappoint, but it may take several more pies before a certain declaration of pizza dominance can be awarded. I had the Hellified Porkpie White, which was a white pie that had fior di latte, hot sopresata, fennel sausage, sliced red onion, sliced fresh garlic, basil, and hot honey. It all had the taste of a champion, and being a fennel sausage evangelist I was EXTRA happy during those particular bites. The hot honey, while a great idea in theory, created one of the messiest pizza eating experiences in recent memory. Hot honey, a little bit of sweet, a little bit of hot. Great idea. Though my hands were so sufficiently sticky that every time I grabbed a wine or water glass I left partial handprints in delicious honey, which remained for the rest of the meal. After my last bite I washed my hands and came back to the table. I probably won't get that again, despite it's righteous flavor. The place itself is really cool inside and in a part of Greenpoint I have come to really enjoy (suds at Broujeri Lane and Pencil Factory are a mere Vortex football throw away). Best pizza I've had in Greenpoint, out of the 1 places I have been. Great odds in their favor on that one.
Simply put, I love Paulie Gee's!!!
A gorgeous venue with a super friendly and accessible owner (though it's in an inconvenient location for those not already living on the outskirts of Greenpoint). He also has a great story, and I admire him for giving up his job in New Jersey and following his dream. The fact that his dream was pizza, only endears him to me further. My party sampled a few pizzas, but they were specials, so your mileage may vary. They were: Cherry Jones (Fior di Latte, Gorgonzola Cheese, Prosciutto di Parma, Dried Bing Cherries and Orange Blossom Honey) Sweet Regina (Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Pecorino Romano, Olive Oil, Fresh Basil and Sweet Italian Fennel Sausage Red, White and Greenberg (Fior di Latte, Berkshire Guanciale, Pickled Red Onions and a Baby Arugula Garnish) I liked the Cherry Jones the best, but Paulie said, I believe, that the Red, White and Greenberg (named for the creator in the kitchen) was his current favorite. The Sweet Regina was the only one with tomato sauce, and it was actually my least favorite. The sauce was a little bland and boring. But the Cherry Jones was perfection. The honey was apparently Paulie's idea, and it works. The crust on all of the pizzas we had was nearly perfect, even for the sort of pizza that tends to get a little soggy in the middle. It strikes a good balance, because it didn't get so soggy that it was floppy and held its shape nicely, which I certainly appreciate. A little pricey for its category. Nice selection of tipples. I'll be back, if that counts for something. It's rare, given the options in New York, given my interminable pizza mission, and especially unusual since Greenpoint is so fucking inconvenient to get to from Manhattan. But I am glad to go to the ass end of nowhere Brooklyn to support Paulie in his pizza paradise. I'm sure he'll be there the next time I visit, too. Combine with a visit to beer mecca Browerij Lane up the street.
I went to Paulie Gee's when it first opened about a year ago. Now I try to stop by at least once a month as I start to crave their pizza. The place is cozy, the pizza is awesome, and Paulie Gee is a genuine owner who makes sure you are enjoying yourself.
There is a lot to like about Paulie Gee's. The homemade oven. The owner walking by every table himself. The decor. The vibe. But oh yeah, there's food too... I tried the Hellboy on recommendation. The Hellboy is the Delboy (Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Berkshire Sopressata Picante and Parmigiano Reggiano) with Mike's HOT Honey. Unfortunately, I couldn't taste any of the ingredients other than honey. And it wasn't hot at all. It, and perhaps the other ingredients on the pie, made it soggy in the middle too. Unfortunate. However, the Arugula Shmoogula (Italian Tomatoes, Baby Arugula, Olive Oil and Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano) was good. And with the waitress's recommendation of putting mozzarella on it was great. Tasty pie with more cheese and appropriate crunchyness? Yes please. So some of the pies are good, some are less. Sixteen bucks seems like a lot of money for a personal pizza though. But I did leave full, and would go back again if I were in the area and other people wanted pizza.
An amazing experience and great ingredients driven pizza.  I have enjoyed trying many of the best/latest pizza joints popping up in NYC, especially North Brooklyn, and this may be the best one so far. To start, good beer selection on tap, lots of tasty local options.  After a reasonably short wait for a table, we decided on two pizzas which complemented each other very well: Hell Boy (hot and sweet, with meat) and Greenpointer (overflowing with lemony arugula).   Throw in some tasty desserts from Ovenly and a friendly visit from Paulie Gee himself to our table, and it made for a great evening.
I was more than happy to make the 3 mile walk (roundtrip) to Paulie Gee's because I knew it'd be worth it. We ordered the Brian DeParma ($12) and the Hellified Porkpie White ($17). The Brian DeParma is a regular pie, which I like to order at eateries that make "fancy" pizzas because I think it's a great way to compare to other pizza joints. I loved everything about it, especially the fact that it wasn't ridiculously greasy, but I've gotta say, the best I've had so far was at Osteria Il Paiolo. The ingredients didn't taste quite as fresh here, but that doesn't mean it doesn't deserve two thumbs up. The Hellified Porkpie White was one of the most unique pies I've ever had. We ordered it after the couple sitting next to us got it, and all we heard were MMMs and AAHs. Mike's Hot Honey drizzled on top was really amazing. The sweet honey satisfied my taste buds while it made my tongue tingly from the hotness...pretty crazy stuff! Highly recommended!
I'm in the middle of an endless long-term pizza quest.  I don't think I'm an expert, but I have tried many different pizzas.   Paulie Gee's was great.  The other reviews nail the ambience and Paulie Gee himself.  It was immediately a really fun place to be, and we didn't mind the wait outside or inside, partly because of the great beer selection. But more to the point:  This is excellent pizza.  The crust was delicious, just the right level of char.  And contrary to some reviews, I didn't find it at all soggy, a problem with some Neapolitan-style or Neapolitan-influenced pizzas these days (e.g. Keste, which is highly overrated in my opinion, and Motorino).  The sauce was flavorful, and there was more of it than on some hip artisanal pizzas (e.g. San Matteo on the Upper East Side, which I love, but could use some more tomato).  And the mozzarella (fior di latte if you insist) was tasty, though a little more cooked through and therefore less creamy than I might have liked. The three pizzas we got were all delicious.  The Greenpointer, with arugula and lemon, may have been the best, though the classic Regina was right there with it. You can tell this is pizza made by a New Yorker, even if he's actually from Jersey.  It's more approachable than some of the "great" pizzas, because it doesn't try to be totally literal about pizza from Naples.  In that respect it's a bit like John's or the other classic coal oven New York pizzas. I'd definitely put this among my pizza top five, which (not in order, since I'm not sure they can be ranked) are Di Farra, Lucali, San Matteo, John's, and now Paulie Gee's.  It is clearly superior to Sarghina, Motorino, Keste, Trattoria Zero Otto Nove, Franny's... and it's all in a fun space with great atmosphere.  And not too expensive, either.  Thumbs up!
Pizza is synonymous with passion.  The combination of simple ingredients has inspired endless emotion and fanatical arguments about who makes the best. Paulie Gee's passion for his pizza has made a convincing case for consideration as the top choice in all of New York. Paulie's product seems to improve on each visit, as his ever-evolving pizza menu continues to bewilder with the pairing of fresh, unique ingredients. Pies showcasing kale, bacon marmalade, hot honey, or ramps could be featured on any given day. The atmosphere, staff and clientele properly accent the Greenpoint neighborhood's vibe, and Paulie's welcoming, gregarious presence is all part of this mystical experience. In my opinion, Paulie Gee's is simply the best.
Based on my first two visits here, this place would get 5 stars, but my latest visit was a disapointment.   We had a 45min wait, and the staff were pretty unattentive.   No one came to check on us after our pizzas arrived; "black pepper...?" "more beers....?" Nothing.   We had to wait for a very long time to ask for our cheque and then wait again for change.   It's possible they were under staffed that night, or just that the hype has gone to their head. On the plus side, the pizzas are still very good, fantastic base.  The beer list is short but excellent. The tunes are great too.
My brother raved about this place to no end and insisted on coming here for my birthday. We came right as they opened and they seated us, including my aging parents, in a dark corner of the room. Huge pet peeve of mine. There is a thick and obvious line between ambience and nuisance: get some lamps. The menu struck me as pretty silly. I'm not a picky eater, but I like my pizza with tomato sauce and without anything sweet (honey/jam/dried cherries, etc). This surprisingly narrowed down my choices. We ended up getting the Red White and Greenfield, the Speck pie, and something with fennel on it. They were very good, I preferred the Speck above all, and all the pies had a nice charred crust, but it was all novelty ingredients and I missed the traditional flavors. Where there was sauce, there wasn't enough, both in quantity and flavor. Also, Paulie Gee is chatting everyone up and asking customers about their food while the servers are walking around with their heads in the clouds, unconcerned. Great pizza, if you care enough to wade through all the BS.
Yup, believe the hype. Paulie Gee's is delicious. It came highly recommended as some of the best pizza in the city, so I took my boyfriend there for his birthday last Friday. Best decision. It was perfect for the occasion, nice and cozy, no wait (but it was still busy), and we were seated by the open kitchen, so we could watch the pizzas being made. So the food. Amazing pizza! The dough is fantastic and chewy. I had the Cherry Jones, which is admittedly not for everyone. Topped with cheese, dried cherries, prosciutto and a drizzle of honey, it was the perfect balance of salty and sweet. My boyfriend ate the super popular Delboy. So good! For the more traditional pizza lover. The ice cream sundaes were great, too. I had the one with the bacon caramel corn. Drool. Now, as for Paulie himself. The man couldn't be sweeter. He walked around the restaurant greeting the diners and thanking people for coming. How often does that happen? More often,  wish.
I went to Paulie Gee's over the weekend with high expectations. My boyfriend and I arrived around 6:50pm to put our name on the list. The hostess informed us that the wait would be 45 mins to an hour, which we expected after reading other Yelp reviews. We went up the block to a bar for a drink and came back 30 minutes later. After checking in with the hostess, she let us know that it would be about another 15 - 20 mins. At this point a seat opened up at the tiny bar upfront. We sat (right next to the hostess) and listened to her call out names. After two beers, we realized that it was already 8:55pm, over two hours after we initially arrived. The hostess was busy seating someone, so I peaked at the wait list. My name, and many other names after me,  had been crossed off. When the hostess returned, I let her know that my name was not called, but was crossed off as if I had been seated already. She apologized and explained that someone else took our table. Not sure how that could happen, since she never called my name, but that's okay. She sat us following this. We waited about 5 minutes for the server, and ordered immediately. She mentioned that she heard about our problem up front and would get everything over as soon as she could. I ordered a custom vegan pizza with kale and mushrooms and my boyfriend had the Hellboy. We didn't wait long for the pizza - my boyfriend's came out first. His smelled a little burnt but still delicious. Mine arrived shortly after and just smelled completely charred. I was devastated... all I smelled was burnt crust. I took a bite and it tasted like nothing. I asked the waitress for salt and pepper, and waited patiently until she came back to help the table next to us. She realized she forgot about the salt and pepper and told me she would be right back. She was. But she returned with a salt shaker and an empty pepper grinder. I sprinkled some salt on my pizza in an attempt to bring out some flavor. The pizza was just too burnt. I did not enjoy it, but ate the whole thing because I was starving at this point. We didn't see the waitress at all after that until our plates were cleared. She brought over a complimentary dessert to compensate for our long wait. She brought us A Choc'work Orange, which I thought was a weird choice after I had just ordered a vegan pizza. I didn't think that dessert was vegan, and she didn't stick around long enough for me to ask. My boyfriend ate some of the dessert. We requested the check when we next saw the waitress. She returned without it about 5 minutes later and offered to just take my boyfriend's credit card and swipe it before we even looked at the bill. I thought that was weird, but he agreed. Overall, it was a poor experience. Not worth the wait.
Hands down, my favorite pizza place in NY. Sure, there are a lot of great pizza joints in the area, but this place is special. It's the first place we take friends when they visit from out of town, and it's always a hit.
The pizza here is simple amazing! The pizzas on offer are not the traditional ones that you just get anywhere, but creative ones with a twist. We opted for two veggie pizzas: the basic one and kale. Both where absolutely delicious and served hot and pretty fast too. The atmosphere here is very cosy and the owner, Mr. Gee, is the icing on the cake, stopping by tables in the restaurant to introduce himself and get feedback. What more can an owner do to show that he cares? Will definitely be coming back here.
Don't need another review to regale this pizza or the owner or establishment.  All at the NY standard of excellence a bar above everywhere else.  I do just want to point out that my fifth star would happily be appropriated should I not have felt like I was eating in a cave.  Paulie, the lamps on the ceiling are a nice touch but when I have to use my cellphone to illuminate the menu for my mom, its just a shade too dark.  Even should I have been on a date, the lighting was darker than most romantic spots I've dined at.
The wait was a little long but the pizza was fantastic. Gotta try the hot honey!!
The pizza is always delicious and there's a great selection. But get there early because the wait can be kind of long. Paulie Gee is always there, and sometimes he's handing out small slices to those waiting for a table. It's always fun to see him and let him know how great the pizza is. There's nothing like a cool restaurant with delicious food and a friendly and appreciative owner. I like that there are vegan options so I can bring my vegan friends out for pizza.
I took my husband here for his birthday, as he is a pizza junkie.  I think this place does live up to it's hype for the most part, the pizza is thin, toppings are fresh and delicious, however they had way too LITTLE topping on the regina.  It was almost 1/3 crust and like some other reviewers here I tasted mostly dough, the toppings (what little their was) kept slipping off the pie.  For the price of the pie, they need to do a better job with making sure there is enough topping on the pizza itself.  The Garden of Eden salad was tasty, but a bit soggy and overdressed (and needed a little more acidity).  We wanted a little dessert since it was his birthday and the selection is minimal.  We ordered the lemon poppyseed loaf and it was horrible - it was so dry I almost choked and it almost ruined the evening.  This place needs to step up it's dessert game - with people waiting 30 minutes + for a seat on a MONDAY night, you need to bring better desserts to the table.
Worth the wait.  I can't wait to return.  Same atmosphere and similar menu to Roberta's.  Both of these places have hit on a formula that simply works.  The restaurant is full of reclaimed artifacts from around Brooklyn with the custom brick oven as a center piece.  The pizza has light airy crust full of bubbles and charred just the right amount.   Good beers on tap....what else can you ask for?  See you again soon Paulie Gee!
The pizza here is outstanding, everything is fresh, and its keeps getting better every time I come and try something new. All the creations are delicious, unique and delicate, each ingredient from each pie stands out to make each pie just as legendary as the next one. Its like having the Yankee organization but in the form of pizzas. and for now you can byob too. get the Bacon marmalade pie, and the go fig yourself pie.
This place has my absolute favorite pizza. It's always perfect and the nutella dessert pizza is awesome. But the last two times I went to Paulies there was no AC. Not bad AC, no AC. Fix this problem and you're the best pizza in NY
4.5 stars??? No way. It's a solid three. There are no reservations, so be prepared to wait if you get there during a normal meal time. The pizza is good, but not the best I ever had. And some of the pies are comparable to a corner pizza place, and not in a good way. My favorite was the one with the caramelized onions, just because it was different. The others were not memorable. I say skip it. If you're going to wait over an hour for pizza, make it Lucali's.
Awesome pizza and I know a little about it since my family comes from Naples and I've been there a number of times. The crust is excellent and their ingredients are top notch. Kudos for their creativity as well. Pizza with pizazz!
a la Daniel Bryan, I want to just scream "Yes, Yes, Yes!" when entering/thinking about/craving Paulie Gee's. Though not a NY native, I would put money on saying that this is the best pizza in the NY area. From the sweet syrupy goodness of the Monte Christo pizza, to the spicy honey on the Hellboy, Paulie Gee's unique pizza menu will have something for you ! They even have vegan options, so there is no reason why anyone can't enjoy anything there. The owner was nice enough to check up on us and chat it up while we sat in our mood-lit booths watching the pizzas be prepared and cooked right in front of our table. Surprisingly he used to live where I was raised and he took pity on the fact that CA is a pizza desert. After having Paulie Gee's, i can say that is the damn truth.
The In Ricotta Da Vegan is the best vegan pizza in nyc.  THE BEST!  Be prepared to wait, but it only makes you love the pizza more.
Love this place. Really good quality pizza.  Owner and staff are outstanding.  Have been multiple times and ordered different pies each time.  So why 4 stars and not 5. Just a bit pricey.   But will go back and often. Enjoy this gem.
The Hellboy is OVERRATED. I don't know why everyone likes it. It's basically honey slathered on pepperoni. ??? In Ricotta Da Vita was outstanding. I would definitely go back for this one. Crust is soft and perfect. They don't have crushed red pepper, but they do have spicy chili oil which was PERFECT since I like spice. Ambiance is too damn dark and way too loud. Wait was about 30 minutes but we saw empty tables in the back. Service was thoughtful and friendly -- waiter could tell my boyfriend didn't like his drink so she offered to take it back and didn't charge us for it. Feels like it's trying a little too hard...but the In Ricotta Da Vita and the service makes it 4 stars.
From the moment I was seated at a rustic table with a clear view of the pizza oven, I felt like I made the right choice in picking Paulie Gee's. I came with a friend who was lured by the promise of hot honey topped pizza, but the vegan menu intrigued me. (how often do you see vegan pizza?) You can do create your own style, or choose a crafted designer pizza. I did the In Ricotta De Vegan. Which was cashew ricotta, house made fennel veggie sausage, arugula and red sauce. It. Was. Divine. If you are a vegan, or friends with a vegan, I would highly recommend this place, there's something for everyone, and your vegan friend doesn't have to eat a salad and look all sad in the corner.
Really, Really, Really Good!! the ambiance and food works perfectly. 5 star pizza. Highly recommended.
Favorite pizza in BK. Delboy, Daniella and Greenpointer are our go-to's. Pretty much perfect crust. Don't forget the chili oil.
Paulie Gee's could be good for some people. For me, it veers too sweet and too greasy without the requisite balance of salt, tart/fresh, bitter, or spice. I'll take the Anise and Anephew as an example. It's a white pie, so there's no tomato base to provide tartness and fresh mouthfeel. There's a lot of mozzarella that goes on it - and I looooove the fresh cream taste of mozz! The problem is that there's a LOT of mozzarella and then the pizza is put over the top by the cream. The cream just melted into soupy butter when it hit the hot pizza, and on top of that there was guanciale, which melted into a layer of lard - basically it was a pool of cheese and melted butter and lard. For some reason the guanciale didn't have enough salt to balance out the fatty oily puddle - I think prosciutto would have worked better. I love me a good greasy pool but only if it's balanced out! The roasted fennel was slightly sweet, it was seasoned only for itself and therefore did not have enough salt for the entire 'za. The fennel fronds were sparse and did not provide any herbiness or fennel aroma. Maybe bruising it will help release some flavor. The dough is fine but doesn't have as much of a chewy pull as Keste, Forcella, Don Antonio, or Motorino. I don't think I'll be back at Paulie's. If I want creative, I say go to Motorino - they balance the flavors so that you don't feel like your mouth is coated with oil (e.g., chewy lean clams and lemon for the oreganata butter; bitter charred brussels sprouts and salt for their white pie). If I want classic, any from the above list is excellent. *Note: Paulie Gee himself came and asked how everything was, and when I said, "hhm, it was...okay...," he told me I should speak up and they could make me another pie. But 1) I had told the waitress the same comment of "eh, it's ok," but her reaction was a wide smile and thumbs up. I don't think she was prepared for a lukewarm reception; 2) who asks for a whole new pie?! I won't be able to stomach getting the stinky eye from all the pizzaolos and the waitstaff while I sit/eat/pay the bill, knowing I'll be the "remember that girl that sent her food back?!" anecdote for the rest of the week. To a certain extent it is the diner's right to send stuff back (such as, if there's something unsanitary), but there's a line where you're just being an ass. So...not really a viable option.
Paulie Gee's is Greenpoint's youngest treasure! This restaurant has been officially added to my "Best Pizza I ever ate" list. Since the opening of Paulie Gee's I decided to try a different pizza a week! At first the menu was very limited but it seems as though Gee has gained confidence (with very good reason) to experiment new pies very often. My 1st pie was the "Delboy" - supersatta delish-ness!!! My 2nd pie was the "Greenpointer" - It's like an aurugula salad on a white pie...the fresh squeezed lemon juice gives it just the right fresh taste - perfect for vegetarians. My 3rd pie was the "Cherry Jones" - It's a white pie with dry cherries, prosciutto and gorgonzola. - Pizza Sweetness! My 4th Pie - Great EGGSpectations - Perfect pie for Brunch - too bad he doesn't open early enough on Saturdays and Sundays. Still an awesome EGG pie! My 5th pie was the "Bacon Marmalade" - The BEST so far!!! Something completely out of the Pizza world!! It's a MUST TRY! Courtsey of Paulie I've had the opportunity to try the Regina pie which is a margerita pie - very impressed! The crust in his pizzas are out of this world. As I said before, I go to Paulie's once a week and have never been dissapointed, my girlfriend and I are crazy about this place. I have to say, if you are visiting between Thursday - Sunday, you may find yourself waiting between 30-40 minutes for your pie (totally worth it)... Since Paulie has yet to obtain his Liquor license, for those inpatient people, please go to the bar NEXT DOOR or simply go across the street to Lulu's, fuel up on some booze -then go back to Paulie's and enjoy your pizza! By the way: SHAME ON YOU whoever compared Lulu's pizza to Paulie Gee's pizza...10x SHAME ON YOU!!! You have NO idea what GREAT pizza is supposed to taste like. I am a very picky eater and have am very careful of where I spend my $. Going to a place where the owner cares so deeply about his customers is totally priceless! Paulie ROCKS!
I love this place. Pizza heaven in my neighborhood, finally...
One of the better pizza places I've had in NY with my oldest sister and bro-in-law. All my friends really dug it too. The Hellboy might be the best, but a lot of it is good. Paulie is very friendly too, and he came around and talked to us (and kept going to other tables too). The gragnano is good too. Side note, the bathroom area is interesting. It's one of those Italian-style ones (or I think Italian-style) where the sinks are in the middle, in the common area. Strange, but hey, that's how they wanted to set it up. Great restaurant, cool owners. Delicious pizza.
Best pizza I've ever had. The ingredients are very fresh. Loved the hot honey pizza and the one with cherries and prosciutto were divine. Service was prompt and nice. Cool crowd.
I took a boy to Paulie Gee's on a date once.  He talked so loudly that all the neighboring tables could no longer continue their conversations.  Yeah.  Second-degree buzzkill.  I listened to him yap on and on about - well, I don't even remember.  Because the only thing memorable, and worth mentioning is the white kale and mushroom pizza.  It's vegetarian, but exceptionally flavorful, thin enough for you to finish the whole thing without feeling terrible - unless you happened to go on a date with a second-degree buzzkiller, and that's just a different kind of terrible called "i wish i was here by myself eating this white kale and mushroom pizza, but let's chalk this up to life's regrets."
GREAT pizza you will not be disappointed (service a little slow but absolutely worth it) they have VERY good beers on tap too!
It's quite a feat when a restaurant owner comes around to chat with the guests and you find yourself wanting to impress him.  Shouldn't these roles be reversed? Paulie's presence makes the experience at this place infinitely better.  Not that it really needed to get any better. The pizzas I tried: The Rooftop Red: I'm glad I tried it, I really enjoyed the tomato-y-ness, which I didn't get with the other pizzas.  Not so sure I would order it again, though, because there is so much more deliciousness waiting to be tried. Baconmarmalade Picante: Oh man.  It is drool-worthy.  But it would be way better with more of the bacony-ness. Greenpointer: Hands down my favorite.  To the point where I got really full and proceeded to just pick and eat all of the arugula off of the slices left on the pan rather than have another slice.  Sorry, people I came with.  I have no self control.  I would definitely order it again.  Too bad I live so freaking far from Greenpoint.
Heaven on a pizza.  Sadly has ruined most other pizza for me.
Finally made it here --  Surprisingly this restaurant has an awesome candlelit atmosphere inside that doesn't look like anything from the outside.  The type of atmosphere that makes you want to hang out there for hours. Ordered a regular and a the pie with meatballs, mushroom and golden raisins.  Raisins on a pizza?  Much to my surprise it was incredibly good. Didn't care for the meatballs.  The mushrooms were good and this was the best pie out of both of them.  The sauce was good but it needed more and the cheese was excellent. I didn't flip over the crust- I think that's why I give the 2 pizzas an a-okay rating-- it was good but I wouldn't go back to Brooklyn for it.  My guess is some of the more gourmet pies on their menu are probably more flavorful. I have a feeling my bf might make me return to this place.. I do have to add he says it is 5 stars,  although he thought the meatballs weren't to his liking!
the toppings are unusual and creative; in a very good way. I agree that the crust was totally soggy and flaccid-not worth the 1.5 hour wait! very disappointing. Roberta's is so much better. meh!
Paulie Gee's has just about the best pizza I've ever tasted!  We tried the Hellboy, Arugula Shmoogula, Monte Cristo and Cherry Jones.  All of them were great, but the Hellboy was fantastic--it looked like a normal pepperoni pizza, but it had this sweet and spicy honey sauce on it that was just delicious!  The Monte Cristo was probably my second favorite, a surprisingly sweet pizza! The hospitality was wonderful--the owner stopped by, took a seat, and chatted with us for a while and introduced us to his wife and son.  All of them had great Brooklyn accents, which made the place seem even more authentic.   Definitely try Paulie Gee's!
Truly outstanding in every way! We turned over the menu to Paulie for our large group Friday night and it was like you were at a Best of Procol Harum concert playing Hit after Hit! From Dell Boys with a side of the Hot Honey to the Cherry Jones and Anise and Anephew...whoa! The entire evening couldn't have been better!  The dinner pleased our 85 yr old+ parents to our 22 year old kids and everyone in between. A night to remember! Thanks Paulie and your great staff!
Update on Meredith F's post: Best. Pizza. Period. Well, at least this side of the Atlantic. Hellboy 4ever. I brought the boyfriend here for the express purpose of eating some Hellboy. He was incredulous that he'd actually find the trip to Greenpoint (quite a hike for his Manhattan-loving-never-take-the-subway-and-only-­likes-things-within-walking-distance ass) worthwhile. Verdict: Love. Although he claimmms the Hellboy shouldn't count in a comparison against NY's best b/c it's "different." He wondered how a standard apples to apples Margherita would compare. Who cares? The Hellboy is the only word you need to know. We also ordered another pie and I've also had the cherry one in the past, however, none compared to Hellboy.
The restaurant is very nice and comfortable, and has a charming ambiance.  The pizza was a pretty big disappointment however.  It appears I'm the only person on the planet who thinks this, but crust is tasteless.
My first time here was kind of a blur because we were a large group and ordered about 8 different pizzas and they were all so good that we pretty much blacked out and inhaled everything. So I came back again recently and was blown away again. I just...can't. My favorite: Cherry mother-effing Jones. Feel like bacon love was also amazing. greenpointer is great if you love arugula like i do. even just a plain regina (mozz, tomato, basil) is amazing. If you're like me and get hangry, come at least an hour before you know you'll be hungry. Just go. Let it happen.
This is one of my favorite spots for pizza in NYC. Though it's no DiFara or Lombardi's (...yet, they've had some more time), I'm always happy to go wayyy out of my way for Paulie Gee's!
I agree with many things said in the previous reviews. It's not debatable this is the best pizza in Greenpoint and it's among the best I've had in NYC. The crust is great and all the ingredients are either local or handmade and very fresh. With that said, it's too expensive. The pies are all 12" and the toppings are used sparingly (as they should be). But this means one person can easily eat an entire pizza, so if you're out with a date, be prepared to spend $30+ BEFORE the drinks.
Once upon a time in a land far far away, there was a little boy and a little girl who enjoyed playing in NYC's most populous borough.  The little girl and the little boy especially loved eating pizza and liked visiting pizza parlours all through Kings County.  One Saturday, the little boy and the little girl found their way to Greenpoint to have delicious pizza.  As soon as they arrived, there was a table for them.  How they were both so lucky!  The little boy wanted a Delboy (spicy sopressata, tomatoes) pizza and the little girl had a Greenpointer (arugula, shaved reggiano, lemon juice) pizza.  The little girl and little boy wanted to play as grown-ups and have some beers but Paulie Gee said no.  Not yet.  Maybe when you're older (ie in 2 weeks).  The little boy and girl were very well behaved and waited patiently for about 30 minutes or so for their pizza.  Wow what a long wait!  They were so good that Paulie Gee personally graced their table, and gave them a grown-up treat for free!  Now they were happy again! And very soon, their pizzas came.  The little boy really liked the Delboy pizza but unluckily burned the roof of his mouth.  The pizza was a little but spicy, but oh so flavourful and just the perfect tanginess.  The little girl really liked the Greenpointer, it was very different than the Delboy, but in a good way.  Very fresh, and the lemon juice gave the pizza a nice twist!  Just a little bit on the oily side.  They two little kiddies were very happy, and they also wanted to try the Van Leeuwen ice cream, vanilla and pistachio. The vanilla ice cream was excellent but the pistachio tasted a bit bland.  Once they finished their dessert, they packed up their remaining slices.  For the two little kiddies, 2 pizza pies and dessert came to $42.  They set aside 2 week's of allowance to have this pizza, but they were both happy.  And their bellies lived happily for the rest of the night.  The end.
Awesome place, awesome pizza. Pizza was very similar to Motorino (which is pretty much at the top of the pizza world right now). Crust was nice, very flavorful. Sauce was exceptional, possibly better than Motorino. Cheese was also very nice. Decor is really cool- feels like an old barn or something. Definitely go here if you want excellent pizza napoletana.
On a recent Friday night, I found myself, accompanied by fellow pizza enthusiasts Matteo R. and Deanna W., trekking nearly a mile from central Williamsburg deep into Greenpoint for a taste of the magic. After following  the grey slab road, we got to meet the wizard of pizza himself, Paulie Giannone, right in the doorway of his shop. A friendly conversation in which I learned that Paulie Gee hails from not too far from my hometown and Matteo was nearly recruited to work the pizza oven ensued. We only wound up having to wait about five minutes for a table in the rustically decorated space, which was designed by the same firm who designed the Manhattan Inn. Seated with a view of the Naples-imported, wood-fired pizza oven at a table made from reclaimed wood, we decided on the Greenpointer, with Fior di Latte, baby arugula, olive oil, fresh lemon juice and shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, and the Hellboy, with Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Sopressata Picante and Parmigiano Reggiano and Mike's Hot Honey.  The Greenpointer amounted to a salad course and pizza in one, with heaps of fresh, peppery greens, and the lemon juice was a nice touch. Unfortunately, the crust became soggy in the middle of the pie, which was disappointing. The Hellboy was a revelation, with a unique crust--perfectly charred yet chewy, thin yet pillowy (apparently it is stretched using the "Egyptian method" and may employ high gluten flour)--tasty sauce sourced from secret tomatoes, slightly sweet homemade mozzarella cheese, and thinly sliced sopressata, whose kick was enhanced by the ingenious hot honey.  Paulie Gee's now has a liquor license and offers a variety of beer and wine by the glass. The slightly spicy Piccolo Rosso complimented the Hell Boy very well. Apart from a mixup with the "Dell Boy" and the "Hell Boy," service was very good.
I have been anticipating the opening of this place since I read how he flew a team in from Naples to build his wood fired oven with all Italian materials. I was not disappointed in my eventual visit. Paulie gee serves a top-notch neopolitan style pizza of a similar quality to motorino. In fact, that's really the best comparison. I prefer the atmosphere and decor here by far. The pizza is slightly lower than motorino, but I would base that on it's slight inconsistency which I'd attribute to the learning curve. I remember when motorino first opened it was pretty bad, then they figured it out and it's now great. Bottom line is best pizza in Greenpoint by a longshot, and one of the best pizzas in the city -- and I think it will get even better.
Never disappointed.  Paulie is so friendly - he looks like the offspring of Directors Scorcese and Allen.  Mostly the pizzas are fantastic - Greenpointer, Hell Boy highly recommended.
I've been on a mission to find the best pizza in New York and Paulie Gee's definitely tops the list! A friend and I shared the Greenpointer and another pizza called La Vida something. Both pizzas were delicious. I LOVE the crust. It's soft, chewy, and has flavor. The service is great and the owner, Paulie Gee himself, came up to us and chatted and asked us how we liked our food. He was so nice and cute. I am happy that his restaurant is doing so well. I will be back as soon as humanly possible.
Paulie Gee's has the best gourmet brick oven pizza. We have tried many of their different pies. We have never been disappointed with our selection. The Cheek Corea salad is so delicious. Paulie usually comes by to say hello and ask how everything was. This is a great place.We usually get there when they open, so there isn't a wait. Love the garage door, decor and music!!
Fan-f'n-tastic!  Visiting from the West coast, we were brought here by our gracious hosts.  So delicious!  There were 6 of us, and we ordered 6 pies to start, ordered one additional pie later because us ladies had more lust for pizza, and then Paulie came over and GAVE us another pie because of a kitchen mix-up!  So 8 pies & 2 bottles of wine later, we were all in love.  Loved: Parma D'or, Regina & Sweet Regina, The Mootz!!  We had a few more, but these are the ones that stood out as oral DIsneyland. All the servers were knowledgeable & friendly. The interior is great - not too fancy pants.  Cozy but still fun.   I will definitely be going back to Paulie Gee's on my next NY trip!
I have been raving about Paulie Gee's since the moment I had my first slice topped with arugula, lemon and Parmesan. Amazing pizza and a wonderful story to go along with it. My dad is visiting from Sun Valley, Idaho this weekend (Paulie Gee himself told us that the blue and yellow of his pizza oven were inspired by Sun Valley's logo) and I can't wait to take him to eat some PIZZA!
This place is so awesome. It's got great decor, they have Mexican Coca-cola. The pizza is (this is going to sound like an insult) almost not even pizza. It's very non-traditional. Paulie has gone way off the reservation with his product, and it is spectacular. Fundamentally it's pizza, but there are some creations on that menu that stray from the formula most are used to. That being said, it's a place you go if you have a sense of adventure. It's a romantic pizza place, it isn't a "pizzeria" where you grab a slice and go, or eat standing up. It's a classy establishment. You will probably have the honor of meeting Mr. Paulie Gee himself as he walks around and greets all of his guests. He's friendly and down to earth. The pizza is a Neapolitan style, cooked in a wood-burning oven. The man loves pizza (he and I actually have in common that New Park is our favorite place). This place was a passion project of his and it's turned into a wild success. So bring yourself to Greenpoint, try the Regina, (if memory serves) that is the closest thing to a "regular pizza." That will get your feet wet. Then... try the Cherry Jones!
the greenpointer is the best pizza i've ever eaten. period.
This is my favourite pizza place. The first time I ate there, I was so blown away I went there again the next day. If I could afford to, I would eat there every day. The fior di latte is phenomenal. Get any pizza with that. I had the Mootz and while it was good, I prefer the fior di latte pizzas. Get the Cherry pizza if it's on special. My mom and dad both loved it too. I LOVE the Greenpointer. The Regina was lovely, and I've tried various other specials that are wonderful. The Eden salad is delicious as well. The staff are all very nice, and Paulie Gee is great - he's stopped by my table on several occasions to say hello or chat about the pizza. I wish he was my uncle so I could eat his pizza all the time. Best of all, it's only a few blocks from my house. I am an addict!
Such a fun spot! Great pizza too! The spicy honey was pretty incredible.
Great space, with relaxing country barn aesthetic. Good mood lighting for a date, candles everywhere and a glowing oven manned by Paulie in plain sight. Champion of flavor. Paulie packs a whopping of intense flavors atop the great Neapolitan crust.  Each dairy, veggie, and protein used was carefully chosen and matched. A man after my own flavor palette with the balance of tangy sauce and salty meats. His ingredients are top notch. The pies are slightly smaller than average, a carry over from his home baked days perhaps. It leaves you craving more. The pricing is a little high for the area and for the quantity, but the quality and flavor can rationalize it. It's in my Top 5 Best Pizza in NYC list. Highly recommended.
Great pizza. Count me in. Great service.
Paulie Gee's was such an awesome addition to Greenpoint.  Lucky me...it's right down the street from my house!  The pizza is so dang good that even my Manhattan friends will often venture out to meet me for dinner there. Hands down, the Rooftop Red is my ultimate fav.  Unfortunately it's a Summer/early Fall special.  I tell Paulie every time I go in there how great it is (he's there pretty well every night, cooking and greeting the diners).  The Greenpointer comes in a close second. My only suggestion would be to vary ingredients a bit.  The pizzas tend to have 8-10 core ingredients, mixed around between pies.  Hopefully as the seasons change, the ingredients will too. I'd love a pie with artichokes! Thanks again for coming to Greenpoint, Paulie!
Every single pizza I've had here is amazing. Freshly baked and all different.  The best part it Paulie Gee! He's a fun gentleman to talk to and loves to make the customer happy. I'm definitely going back! Lines can get long but it is well worth it.
Will not disappoint.Pizza is amazingly good! Definitely added onto one my Top 5 pizza joints in NYC
Went back to Pauliee Gee's on Saturday night for a very late dinner. I was so pleasantly surprised by how good the food was.  The first time I had eaten here I got take out, this was my first time sitting down for a meal.  As we sat we wound up having to wait a while before someone came over to take our order, but I will contribute this to the two other tables that were sat simultaneously by us.  It was my cousins first time here, and I considerer her an extremely picky eater.  Ok even she admits to that.  She ordered the Marianna - Italian Tomatoes, Chopped Fresh Garlic, Pecorino Romano, Fresh Basil and Olive Oil very apprehensively, and decided it was "the best pizza I have ever had."  Not a bad recommendation from a teenager who eats little more then pizza and steak.  I order the Cherry Jones - Fior di Latte, Gorgonzola Cheese, Prosciutto di Parma, Dried Bing Cherries and Orange Blossom Honey and LOVED it, both sweet and savory as the waitress described.  I begrudgingly brought two of the slices home for my mother to try who also really loved the pie. Paulie made a customary stop by the table and spent a few minutes speaking with us, really sends a good vibe through the place.  Will be returning with more first timers, thanks again PG!
When I think of the absolute best pizza in Brooklyn, I think of Paulie Gees. The toppings are always fresh and amazing. The crust is so thin and beautiful. The sauce is divine. Paulie Gees is everything a girl could ever want in a pizza. If there were 10 stars, I would give it a 10. I hold this restaurant responsible for a at least a couple of the extra pounds that I gained over the summer. Seriously folks, it is that good! Take a date here, and order an entire pizza for yourself. You will absolutely not be disappointed.
The pizza was tasty but I found the menu to be kind of boring. Almost every pie has the same ingredients - fior di latte, olive oil, arugula, Italian tomatoes, etc. While it tasted good, and I don't want to discourage people from trying it out for themselves, I felt that it didn't really match up to the hype. I think I prefer Motorino's more eclectic pies.  Add some variety, maybe some different kinds of veggies, and I'll be happy to give it another shot.
It's my second favorite pizza after Delfina's. I've gotten the Greenpointer and Cherry Jones, and they were both absolutely incredible. The staff is nice, and it's especially nice to be able to talk to Paulie Gee, since he walks around and greets everyone. He's really interested in what you're eating and makes sure you're happy. It's refreshing to have that kind of costumer service and interest. Pizza and service aside- and both are amazing- just a heads up. The pizzas are a little small to share, and they're a touch on the expensive side. However, not a reason to skip this place. It's well worth it.
Excellent pizza and paulie gee is always there and pleasant!!! His son cooks a mean pie!! Mostly sweet pies just fyi (although not limited to...I just think thats what paulies pallet prefers)yummy
I'm thrilled to live just a few doors down from Paulie Gee's. Everything was spot-on a few nights ago. It was, by far, the best Neapolitan pizza I've ever had. Paulie Gee himself came by and explained the origin of the special pizza we ordered--very personal and a lovely, welcoming gesture. The arugula salad was also quite tasty and the van Leeuwen ice cream was a perfect finale to the meal. I'm eagerly awaiting the arrival of wine to pair with the food. All in all, a wonderful culinary experience in a cozy neighborhood space.
I live in Gpoint and was thrilled to try the pizza at Paulie Gee's. I grew up in Italy and boy do I get strong pizza cravings from time to time. Paulie Gee, the man himself was there the night we stopped by, some time ago in January and he stopped to chat. He's a charming guy and clearly loves his job. Props to him. His place is cute and welcoming. BUT the pizzas were only alright, frankly nothing too special I thought... I am perplexed about the whole Yelp hype about the food here. The plain, margherita-like pie was fine, if slightly too expensive. The more elaborate and even more expensive pie we ordered (among the toppings, supposedly there was some guanciale, although to me it did not seem as delicate and tasted just like pancetta) was disappointing. A bunch of random ingredients had been selected to top it by a potentially brilliant but unfortunately misguided mind... Peccato.
What a wonderful neighborhood restaurant!  Paulie Gee is so old school and Brooklyn it warms my heart.  While my fiancé and I waited for our table, he was jovially chatting away with a mix of regulars and first timers hanging at the bar. Paulie eventually worked his way around the whole restaurant to check that every table was satisfied with the food and service. I was further impressed  when he stopped by our table later that night. This is the first time I've seen that kind of customer engagement in any New York restaurant. EVERY restaurant should do this. Now, onto the food!  My fiancé and I ordered the specktacle and the hellified porkpie white. Both were delicious as expected but if I could make the hellified pork pie even better, I would have asked for the honey on the side. Don't get me wrong, the hot honey pairs wonderfully with the pie. Either ours had a little too much or I just have a sensitivity to sweetness. After scarfing down the two pies, my fiancé and I started to  plan our third (we were so hungry after not having eaten all day). Until suddenly sour table was graced by Paulie.   After some friendly chatter, he noticed all the burnt crust on my plate, and insisted that we get another pie on the house. I, not feeling comfortable with being treated to something free, said "no it's okay. The good part of the pizza wasn't burnt. We are going to order another anyway. " all the while my fiancé who is out of paulies line of sight is rigorously shaking his head for the free pizza. The last pie was by far the most delicious (and not because it was free. Ha!). Paulie recommended the Hellboy which fixed the whole sweetness issue we found with the hellified porkpie.  It was finger licking good down to the crust which we dipped into the fragrant hot honey! This was just an all around feel good experience. I love the decor, the ambiance, the staff, the music, and most importantly the food. Will come by again when I am in the neighborhood.
May Have my Favorite Owner. Good size Neapolitan pies that are tasty.
Great food and friendly owner.  I've never been there when the amiable owner hasn't come around to say hello, even when they're swamped.  There is generally a wait of course, but it's well worth it.  The owner will often bring out complementarity slices for those waiting for a table.
I just ate here on a Sunday night for a friend's birthday dinner. The wait for this restaurant is pretty ridiculous. I think we waited over an hour and a half, but I guess that's just because it's so popular. We had to end up going to a bar down the street while we waited until we could be seated. The pizza was nothing far from delicious. Between my friends and I some of the food the pies that we ate were the Regina, the Vegan Daniela Spinachi, King Harry Classic, and the Hellboy. The pizzas were already tasty themselves, but I personally liked adding the spicy honey or chili oil to it because it just woke up all the flavors in the pizza. These are the words from my boyfriend,"Just wish the wait time wasn't so ridiculous and that the pizza wasn't so small that you could finish a whole one by yourself in two bites, but YES, it was delicious. Also, you can expect your girlfriend to get hit on by Paulie Gee himself. It was an honor, really." Paulie Gee is a very warm and sociable person. I love that he tries to get to each table to talk with all the customers to see how their experience at his restaurant was. Paulie really listens to your input and take it into consideration and might even take a picture with you on your instagram. I will be coming back.
My one complaint of Paulie Gee's used to be that their pizzas lacked the creativity of some of their rivals (cough, Roberta's, cough). It seemed like every pizza had the same few ingredients, but in different combinations. Now, Paulie Gee's has stepped up their game, with more creative pizzas and toppings, though they still lack that really great flavor. Last night, my third time there and first time in a while, I had the "Whiter Shade of Kale" with sausage. it was good, but it was missing some sort of spice--salt, pepper or red pepper? Something. "Whiter shade" indeed, it was almost bland. But what Paulie Gee's lacks in flavor it makes up for in service. We were seated in 10 minutes, our waitress was nice, and Paulie himself was walking around making sure everything was going well. That's something you wont find at the other pizza places, and I really appreciate that.
delicious. maybe over priced. couldve made up for it with byob, but that's not available. salad was yummy. but my pants weren't blown off.  it wasn't a bad experience, at all, i just wasn't all that impressed.  :\
I've been looking forward to trying Paulie Gee's ever since I heard about the place through Serious Eats. Unfortunately, the pizzas here really didn't stand out to me. Sure, the crust is light and airy but man, would I have loved some chili oil to dip it in! (Some other reviewers said you can ask for it but I didn't know!) We ordered the Ricky Ricotta and the King Harry and one of them was a bit too charred, leaving a burnt bitter taste on the tongue. The ingredients are good--tasty prosciutto, small dollops of ricotta that don't leave you feeling too heavy, fresh arugula, juicy chunks of sausage. All good but nothing spectacular. Service was almost nonexistent. We'd arrived at around 6:30 on a Saturday night, waited ~30 minutes (the hostess was very harried!), were sat after about another 6-8 minutes, given menus, then left to think about our choices of pizza for at least another 15 minutes. I really think they probably need to hire more servers--we really talked to our server for about 30 seconds total and kind of had to wave her down to order/ask for the check/etc. Anyway, tasty enough pizzas at a higher price point than your neighborhood joint but slow service. Not really worth waiting an hour for or going out of your way for, in my opinion.
THis place has the best pizza EVER! Great service, i like how the owner putters around and talks to all the patron with his starbucks. Favorite Pizza - I Fig you, monte cristo Its in a out of way location, but should definitely try this place out. The gates of Eden salad is also very good with the candied walnuts.
Excellent pizza, lots of innovative toppings. The vegan sausage almost feels like the real thing, minus the burst of tasty grease. It's a bit expensive, around $17 per small pizza.
I really wanted to enjoy my experience at Paulie Gee. I literally waited over a year to visit. A few times i came and turned around because of the wait. Finally a couple of months ago I planned it out perfectly that I arrived with my girlfriend when it opened (6pm). We sat down at the bar to eat faster since we had an event to go to later in the night. The atmosphere inside is warm. The lights are dim and the rustic setting brings out the history of an industrial neighborhood like Greenpoint. We ordered two pizzas and a salad. The salad was simple. It didn't jump off the plate but was a nice dish to start. For pizza we ordered a regular margarita and a white pie with sausage and spinach. I was so disappointed with both. To start the pies were personal sizes so theyre on the smaller size. That's fine and common with Neapolitan style pizza, but when half a slice is taken up by crust your basically just eating bread with a some cheese and sauce. And speaking of cheese and sauce there were hardly any of that. We thought to order the basic margarita so we can get a good sense of their sauce and a regular slice. The sauce was almost like a paste there was so little of it on the pie. Also the menu has over, what seems to be, 30 different pies. It's too hard to pick when there are that many. They should cut the selection in half And maybe add 2 or 3 specials that change. The only positive was the service and the hot honey they offer to drizzle over your pizza. Unfortunately it's not enough to make me go back.
So I almost didn't get to eat at Paulie Gee's. When we asked the hostess for a table for 6 people at 8pm on a Sunday, she told us there would be a 2-1/2 hour wait, and that they close at ten so... nope. When I found out it would be 4 people instead of 6, we got an hour estimate so I put my name in. They don't do cell phone notifications, so we had to check back, and when we did, our table was ready for us. The menu is LARGE, and almost overwhelming! Two whole pages of pizza options, a few salads, and then wine and beer. I'm boring, so I chose the Delboy, which is tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella (fior di latte), and spicy sopressata. This is Paulie Gee's take on classic pepperoni. The pizzas are large enough to split, maybe 12-14", but I was a slob so I ate one myself. The crust was sooo soft and thin, and had spots of char, but was not overly charred. And while yes, the crust was soft, it held up to the ingredients nicely, and there was a good balance. The sopressata was exceptional, and had been sliced very thin so that it could curl up on the ends like pepperoni. I will always order this pizza here. The service was the only regrettable part of our meal. The waitress was your generic apathetic hipster waitress. Completely absentee, dazed expression, and about 15 minutes went by before she even greeted us and took our drink order. The other problem was 2 out of the 3 pizzas came out about 10 minutes earlier than the third pizza. This is a big pet peeve of mine, since it makes the table awkward. Just eat, just eat, your food's getting cold, we'll wait for you, ahhhhhwwwwkkkward. Paulie Gee himself greeted us, asked if we liked the food, and apologized for the third pizza being late. We definitely appreciated the personalized attention.
Really cute inside. Great service. Kid friendly. The pies with Mike's Hot Honey are incredible. Honey on pizza - who'd a thunk it? Was so impressed w/ their selection of vegan pizzas! Try getting there 15 min before it opens. Otherwise, lines can be long.
Finally got to try this spot last Sunday night and I have to say it was definitely worth the wait. The wait was about 45 minutes,  which we expected, so we grabbed a beer at a bar literally right up the block. We still had to wait a few minutes once we came back but it wasn't crazy. The ambiance is very warm and cozy, with dim lighting, candles on the table, etc. Good for a casual date if you're looking to impress a pizza lover, but also good for groups as there were several there. (Though fair warning, no idea how long they waited before being seated.) We ordered two pies for the both of us since we were really hungry. One pie is kind of small for two two people unless you're looking to eat light, which we most certainly were not. We ordered the hellboy and the king Charles classic. The second was definitely my favorite - it's hard to go wrong with fresh basil and prosciutto. Service was just okay; the waitress clearly had a lot of tables and seemed to be annoyed. It wasn't anything horrible though and the owner came by to all the tables,  which I always think is a nice touch. Solid spot if you're in Greenpoint,  but I wouldn't travel specifically for it as there are so many great pizza places in NYC.
YUM! let me just say prosciutto on a pizza? you really can't go wrong. let me say please do yourself a favor and add the hot honey to whatever you get if it's not on ther pizza already. yes -- honey on pizza === mindblowing
I'm a Brooklynite.  A real one.  Born & raised and yes, pizza has to be great or it sucks, period.  Paulie Gee's was recommended to me because they have a vegan pizza menu (that got them 2 stars off the bat). The other 3 were for the pizza and service.  The crust is thin, light and fluffy, the sauce juicy and the toppings super fresh.  I loved the homemade vegan sausage (though they were a little tight with the portion) and the hot chili oil was a superb touch.  While I opted not to get them on my pizza when I asked about the pickled onions our server bought me a taste.  My least favorite item on the pizza was the Daiya "cheese".  Everything was so tasty and fresh it really tasted fake and I would skip it next time.  The service was solid though the pizzas took 20 min, at least, to come out.  They checked back and Paulie himself stopped at the table to chat with us.  All in all I was very happy we made the trip, it will be a beacon of hope for a pizza loving Brooklyn girl who is a newly minted vegan.
Insanely good pizza. Don't go on Saturday unless you are ready for a long wait, even close to closing time. I had a slice of the Hellboy which was fantastic. The King Henry Classic was very good as well, although it didn't look like you could go wrong. The owner came around and was very friendly. Great place.
My first visit to Paulie Gee's.  Pizza was great (King Harry), but I think I liked the space even better.  The rustic look/feel and terrific music selection make for a great atmosphere.  You can tell that a lot of time went into picking and laying out all the pieces.  My favorite item was the old school wash basin.  I will definitely be back.  Looking forward to their new location in Hampden (Bmore).
Paulie Gee's is one of the best pizza places in NY.  The crust is perfectly doughy and yeasty and always cooked the perfect amount.  The ingredients are top notch, fresh, and (when feasible) locally sourced.  They also have a really good beer and vegan options on the menu.  Finally, Mike's hot honey is amazing.  I'll admit I was a little hesitant to put honey on my pizza at first, so the first time I tried it was when I traded a slice with a friend.  Not getting the honey the first time is my only regret about Paulie Gee's.  (Note: The waits can get long, but Greenpoint Ave has many bars where you can go grab a few beers in the meantime)
I love pizza. I love this place. I had the Hellboy. WOO HOO. So fresh out of the oven, Mike's hot honey is ON POINT. The Sopressata Piccante gives it a kick, but it's manageable. The hot honey isn't too bad either. Definitely recommend. I've only been once so I've only had this one, but freshly made to order, I'm pretty sure everything is just as delicious. There's lots of options so I'm sure you'll find one that suits you.
I'm from Queens but was in the area with my fiance and we were looking for a place to eat. Checked with my Yelpers and this place was a must being that we're vegan and have yet to have had a vegan pizza that's been worth it. O. M. G. This. Pizza. Just go. We came in really hungry. And every pizza passing our table smelled so good. I have no idea which were vegan or not but they all looked amazing. When ours came I couldn't believe how good it was - just perfectly fire charred + thin crust. We ordered 1 pizza to share for the 2 of us but quickly ordered another cause it really wasn't enough. This place isn't on our way to anything but we know that wasn't the first and last visit. We'll be back for sure.
wow.  i had the 'In Ricotta Da Vita' the other night at Paulie's with vegan sausage and i have to tell you that the inclusion of vegan sausage rather than the sweet italian sausage made no difference!  still the best.
Seated right away on a Wednesday night but the place was totally full. Very cozy and dimly lit space with lots of ambiance. Ordered 3 wood-fired pizzas between the 4 of us along with some draft beers from an extensive selection. All the ingredients were fresh and the pizzas had tons of flavor and a tasty crust. Service was fine but our server seemed a little indifferent. Very good NY pizza joint but our first meal upon returning to Chicago was a pan pizza from Pequod's.
Loved the pizza. It was my first time there however my friends have been there several times. They have been ranting about the pizza there so I couldn't miss out on a pizza date night. We ordered four pizzas between four people : the Greenpointer, Hellified Porkpie White, Feel Like Bacon Love, and Hellboy. They all tasted soooooo delicious. You can really taste the flavors of the ingredients listed and it's an interesting combination of flavors that go perfectly together. It's really great to try something new with pizza in terms of toppings and flavors and Paulie Gee's definitely knows how to create a mouthwatering pizza. Here's my picks from favorite to least favorite: Hellified Porkpie White Greenpointer Feel like Bacon Love Hellboy. It was a close tie between all of them. The friendly owner, Paulie, came by and checked up on us. I'd definitely recommend making a visit if not several trips there if you want to eat some damn good pizzas.
I'm still thinking about the pizza at Paulie Gee's three days later.  SO good.  They don't take reservations, so be prepared to either get there early or wait for an hour - it's not a bad wait if you hang by the bar and enjoy a pre-meal drink.  The tap beer selection is not huge, but the choices are varied for most any taste.  Our group got one pizza per person (four of us) and every plate was practically licked clean by the end of the night.  The Hellboy is to-die-for with the drizzle of spicy honey and they were more than happy to leave the meat off of any of the non-vegetarian menu options, which is always nice.  We also ordered the Regina, Grapeful Dead, and A Whiter Shade of Kale - each was fantastic with well-balanced flavors.   Paulie also stopped by our table to ask how we were all enjoying our meal, which made the experience feel even more personal.  A great place - I wish I lived in Greenpoint...I would be here once a week at least.
I love the pizza here I ordered the greenpointer, Aniece and anewphew and hometown brisket. The greenpointer had a abundant amount of baby arugula and shaved parmigiano cheese the taste just lingers in your mouth and is quite refreshing. The anice and anewphew was drizzled with anchovie olive oil which made it heavy but very flavorful definetly a unique pie to try. The hometown brisket consisted of  tiny snips of beef brisket dipped in barbecue sauce and topped off with thin squares of onion, but not smothered in bbq sauce like other pies. The experience was unique and to have the owner walk around after asking our opinion of his pies topped it off. This is not a place to miss to complete your NY tour.
Paulie Gee's is one of those places that you think is going to be dive-y, completely old school and a total fixer-upper. But you're willing to take the trek out to Greenpoint because the pizza is the stuff of legend. Even this guy, blog.foodnetwork.com/fn-… whose frat boy enthusiasm for food is slightly off putting, declared that Paulie Gee's makes his ultimate favorite pizza, hitting on all the essentials that he wants in a pizza, like wanting it hot and cheesy. Imagine that. Anyway, when you walk up to the restaurant, it's like a speakeasy for pizza. You wonder how they manage without bouncers at the door. It's dark (actually, really dark), atmospheric, loud and candlelit like a fancy barn. Their bathrooms are definitely worth checking out so that you can say once in your life that you've bridled and saddled up a door. Don't ask, you'll see what I mean after you go in there. The only small downside that I have to mention right off the bat is that if you're seated at the large communal table against the wall, you may not get the speediest of service. I think they often neglect the table in general because it's tricky to get to, but try and flag down the servers if and when you need something. That being said, the amazing, delicious, incredibly impeccable pizza made up for any lost time waiting for our order to be taken. From another Yelper's fabulous suggestion, I ordered the Monte Cristo. This pizza tastes like Christmas dinner, or a Honeybaked ham on bread. With some cheese. Are you salivating yet? The entire pie was covered in a delectable honey marinade with a perfect thin crust that was both chewy and crispy--how is that possible? I can't even say what my dining buddy's pizza was like because we both ate ours entirely and didn't share. That's how good both pizzas were. There were no leftovers to be taken home from the Brooklyn boonies. Bottom line: if you love sweets and are craving a non-tomato sauce, then the Monte Cristo is the one for you. Dive in and be blown away.
One word, AMAZING! The best pizza I ever tried!! We were seated within 10 minutes of arrival(although wait times can extend to 2 hours) The service was great, we werent rushed out of there despite the waiting crowd. We were served pizza one by one and had a chance to socialize! The owner even came over and asked us how we like it! Definitely will return soon! Highly recommend it..
I live less than a block away, so I end up frequenting Paulie Gee's for pizza naturally. It's a very cute space with a chill vibe, and most nights you'll see Paulie Gee himself tending the tables and asking how you're enjoying the pizza. It gets pretty busy and most nights there's quite a wait. I usually try to beat the dinner rush, even if I'm ordering take out. The best part of the pizza here I'd say is the crust. And that's coming from someone who doesn't usually eat their crust! The dough is just amazing. The toppings are fresh, and each pizza is pretty interesting. The really popular pizzas have a mix of savory and sweet, like the Monte Cristo and Hellboy which are topped with Maple Syrup and Hot Honey. Just so good! There's a pretty good selection of vegan versions of the pizzas as well. I've tried a couple and they're just as tasty!
Damn.  Paulie Gee's may be my new favorite pizza place in the city.  It's on an unassuming block off the main drag of Greenpoint, but when you get there, you'll know you're at a legit place.   The decor is basically refurbished barn - huge space, high ceilings, exposed wood beams, etc., etc.  It's mostly lit by candlelight, and therefore a great date place.   A quick glance at the menu will reveal that the food is not cheap.  Once you see the size of the pizzas and take a bite, you will understand why.  We split a special pizza called "The Triumphant Return of the Moby Grape," featuring mozzarella, garlic, sea salt, and moby grape tomatoes.  It was just pure deliciousness.  The flavors were perfectly balanced, i.e., salt & garlic vs. the sweetness of the tomatoes.  The crust was also divine. Later, Paulie Gee told us that he picks up these tomatoes at the farm stand near his house in NJ.  I was proud of my NJ heritage at that moment. My only complaint is that the music is too loud - you either have to shout across the table or have a naturally loud voice in order to be heard.  This place gets crowded, and when it's too crowded they don't do take-out.  I'd suggest getting there early or being prepared to wait a bit.
Yes, the pizza was fantastic. Yes the wait was horrendous. This wouldn't be so much of an issue if the hostess would have given us an accurate estimate. We were told about an hour and waited 2 1/2.
I've been coming to Paulie Gee's since they first opened and am a Greenpoint neighbor and local. I, like most, of course love the pizza and am sometimes willing to wait on the ridiculously long line to savor the woodfired goodness that is their craft. One saving grace that has kept me going back and continuously supporting the business has been their option to TAKE OUT pizza as sometimes I just can't do the massive hour long wait for a pie. I was just severely disappointed to learn they are no longer doing take out orders (come on, I am even willing to PICK UP! As no delivery option wasn't enough?) as Paulie just 'doesn't feel like doing it' anymore. Your pizza may be delicious, you may be building a small empire as far as I can tell and I applaud and support this, but must your regulars suffer if they aren't willing or able to wait in line for upwards of 45 minutes on average just to sit down? Have some humility. All it takes is a few cardboard boxes and someone to pick up the phone! The humanity! Please bring take out back. I even made a Yelp account just to post this. Thank you.
Great Pizza! My favorite is the Grapeful Dead pizza with pickled grapes on it! It sounds weird, but it's actually delicious! I've had it several times and has become my go-to pizza. Extremely busy, but what good places in NY aren't? Their pizza oven was actually shipped from Italy! And Paulie Gee is almost always at the restaurant walking around talking to customers. Very busy, very loud, and amazing pizza!
after years of bemoaning the lack of good pizza in the neighborhood, i am happy to report that paulie gee's hits the spot.  really good pizza, maybe even great, but alas, i came to dinner not super hungry and therefore did not make much of a dent in our very tasty pies.  looking forward to starving self in prep for next time!
Perhaps my favorite pizza ever, which is a serious feat in NYC. We can't go without getting the Hellboy which is soppressata and "hot honey." The hot honey was developed by someone in the kitchen there and is a local hit. It's a little bit sweet, a little bit chili spice and compliments this pizza in a way you would never imagine. The owner Paulie is often found checking on tables and chatting with patrons. The only thing to note is that there are no reservations and the place is popular so expect a wait. We've had good luck getting a table for two any time we go on a weekday night.
I'm so happy to have Paulie Gee's in the hood!  This lovingly prepaired wood-fired pizza is absolutely delicious.  We ordered one of the specials: the Kuban w/ sausage, fior di latte, onions, etc.  and a pie from the menu:  the Arugula Schmoogula.  Paulie's crust (as others have already waxed poetically about) is to die for.  The ingredients are fresh and beautiful....   I can't wait to come back and try some of the other pies! However, I do have a few suggestions to bring this place up to five stars in my book:   1.  If a restaurant doesn't have it's beer and wine license yet, have a BYOB policy.  Our waitress said that it's actually  illegal... really?  I've been to hundreds of BYOB spots in NYC over the past 2 decades.  Are they all breaking the law?  Being able to have a glass of wine with this pizza would make the whole experience. 2.  I found the cheese on both pies skimpy to an extreme.  I know that these are not "cheesy" pizzas, but if one of the only toppings listed is  Parmigiano-Reggiano, I expect there to be more than 2 microscopic dots of it on one of the six slices.   Enough suggestions.  I love this place and will gladly add it to the small list of go-to gems in GP.  (I love you, Five Leaves....don't ever leave me.)
I love Paulie Gees! The best pizza anywhere, hands down! The place is amazing, the atmosphere is unique and I felt very comfortable. Can't wait to go back!
DELICIOUS!  My friends and I came here for a late night dinner and it more than satisfied my appetite for pizza.  We had: Greenpointer - generous with the fresh mozzarella, which is very important to me!!  Peppery arugula is also always a great addition to pizza. Hellified Porkpie White - I wasn't incredibly impressed by the hot honey that everyone was raving about (not hot enough), but all the flavors of this pie came together very well and had me wanting more. Simply Red with Vegan Fennel Sausage - also good, but considering that I am a tried and true animal product consumer, this was my least favorite of the pizzas.  The tomato sauce was quite tasty, however. All the pizzas were enhanced substantially by their chili oils.  If you are a lover of heat, you must ask for these! As others have said, Paulie comes by your table to check on how you're doing as if you were always a regular at the restaurant.  Good eats, good atmosphere (with the exception of the hostess, however, she is quite moody and will be cordial one moment, and hate you the next).
My girlfriend, Monica, and I were in New York City for a long weekend.  We planned to do some of the tourist stuff, but also wanted to explore and have some other great experiences In Dallas, we love the guerrilla Neapolitan pizza from Il Cane Rosso.  Before heading to New York, Monica asked the proprietor, Jay Jerrier, where we should have pizza in NYC.  He recommended Paulie Gee's. We met up with some friends who were in NYC, spent the early afternoon at Brooklyn Flea and then took the subway to Coney Island.  Our plan was to be back at  5:00pm when they opened, however, there were subway issues and that meant our journey to Paulie Gee's was very difficult - a subway, a bus, a short walk and a cab. We arrived to find a fairly non-descript exterior and walked inside to find a very cool, rustic and very well decorated interior.  The music was amazing - classic Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix.  The place was just fun - a great atmosphere. We started off with the Gates of Eden Salad - mixed greens, dried cherries, pears, candied walnuts, Gorgonzola cheese and a tangy dressing.  Everyone - even "non-salad eaters" were impressed. If you have never had Neapolitan pizza, it is delicious...  The crust is thin, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside...  The sauce is, well, perfect - a little tangy but not bitter or sweet...  The crust and sauce are simple, made from the finest ingredients and used to compliment the high-quality, flavorful ingredients that are used as toppings.  If you have never had Neapolitan pizza, you need to know that it is unique - it does not resemble Pizza Hut or other run of the mill pizza.  The ingredients are meant to be simple, extremely fresh and full of flavor.  It is cooked in a 800+ degree wood burning oven.  This is awesome pizza!! We started with three (3) pizzas - a special (without tomato sauce - featuring cheese, onions and locally-made bacon marmalade), the Del Boy (with chili oil added for a little kick) and the King Harry.  We later tried the Regina and Marianna (named for Paulie's wife).  The first bite of every slice was followed by "wow, this is great". When the waiter brought our check, we were pleasantly surprised at the bill and found it to be quite a bargain for the quantity and quality of service and food. They will soon have wine and local craft beer on tap. And, making this great experience even better was Paulie Gee - this guy was made to own a pizza joint. The atmosphere was great and the pizza so good that I decided to take Monica to the top of the Empire State Building and propose to her at sunset...  She said yes!!
This is one of those places where I would travel out of my way to get there and satisfy my craving.  After my first time there and trying their special Cherry Jones pizza (Fior di Latte, Gorgonzola Cheese, Prosciutto di Parma, Dried Bing Cherries and Orange Blossom Honey), I fell in love.  I had never tasted anything like this nor imagined a pizza with this combo of ingredients but it was the most genius combination of sweet and salty.  There is something special about this place...the cool rustic feel of the place, the beautiful pizza oven, the scrumptious pizza pies...  The combinations are uniques and always a win so far.  Most recently we tried the Hellboy which was just  AWESOME.  Thin sliced pieces of sopressata picante layered over perfect tomato sauce & creamy fior di latte cheese, drizzled with their special hot honey... with the crust baked just right (not burnt at all)!  They also now serve beer & wine; their sweet and sparkly gragnano was perfect with the pizzas.  Their service is always great.  Paulie Gee's, we'll hopefully see you soon! I'm already craving you again.
This place is pretty damn good. Top 10 pizza joint in the 5 boroughs. They sat us right away, granted we got their on a Tuesday night but it was completely full. The pizza came out really fast. Was delicious. Toppings were very fresh and if you like pizzas that are different and eclectic, this is you joint. Not as great as Roberta's and a few others on my list, but rock solid with a great vibe. If you're in Greenpoint, 150% worth stopping in for.
Specialty pizza for everyone... including all different food restricted people you can think of! Pretty good pizza, too.  Long wait, but good ambiance.  All in all a nice fun feel good vibe
amazing thin crust pizza, reminded me of the pizza i have had in italy. i usually hate american pizza but paulie gees is delectable! i wish more american pizza taste like this
I like Paulie Gee's, its so consistent and delicious, and its really not that expensive given how good the ingredients are, but the fact that they stopped doing takeout is retarded. You're a pizza place, not a farm to table tasting menu, whats with the high brow attitude towards takeout all of a sudden. Put the pizza in a cardboard box and let me eat that shit in my living room, that's not asking a lot. Also, its impossible to eat here regularly, unless you have an hour before each meal to just sit around, so takeout is a must for many in the hood. It's obnoxious to wait in line for 2 hours to eat pizza with a bunch of pizza tourists who trained in, the least you can do is serve your local base. Bring back the takeout!
I was very psyched to finally try this place I've been hearing so much about. Figures it opens after I leave the neighborhood. The decor is warm and cozy, good use of the space. Love the pressed tin ceilings. It was cute to see so many families with little kids on a Wednesday night. I know, kids love pizza. Good to start them off knowing what good pizza is. The oven, which is so highly praised, is really nicely presented right in the middle of the kitchen for everyone to see. The girlfriend and I ordered two pies, the Greenpointer and the Arugula pie. Both were awesome. The Greenpointer was a little salty, but I like salt so it was OK with me. The crust was delicious, just the right amount of char. The sauce on the Arugula pie was delicious. Neither had much cheese, which was fine, but next time I'm going to order something slathered in it because the people at the table next to us got one that looked incredible. The pies came out maybe 5 minutes apart, probably a little less though. We were each still on our first piece of the first pie, so... that long. Two pies would have been perfect for two very hungry people or three not-so-hungry people. As it was the girlfriend and I couldn't finish both pies. But, we had to order the dessert pie, which was a flatbread covered in nutella with caramelized pears. Awesome. Very, very awesome. The waitress was nice and attentive, and brought us out more water when we were finished with our bottle without asking. I wasn't too taken aback by the prices. They seemed fair. Two pies and the dessert thing set us back $36. I really didn't have a problem with that. Sucks there's no booze yet, but I have a feeling they'll have a good beer selection.
I would have given Paulie Gee's five stars if it were for the pizza alone, which was flawless.  We were a group of 6 people and everyone enjoyed their pizzas.  I had the Mootz (fior di latte, fresh garlic olive oil, pecorino) and it blew my mind.  The pizzas partially redeemed what was one of the strangest encounters I have ever had in a restaurant.  Paulie Gee approached our table shortly after our order was taken, when we were still very hungry.  He placed on the neighboring empty table a beautiful speck + spaghetti squash + fior di latte pizza, the first one to ever come out of the oven, he told us.  Apparently, he was trying to take a picture of his handiwork and found that the light was lacking on the empty table.  He then asked us if "we would mind" if he placed the pizza on our table, in front of a group of six very very hungry people, to take his picture; we were also included in the picture, salivating over the pizza placed directly under our noses.  And he then added, "don't eat it.  If you want one ,you can order one."  I don't think he found it odd to put food in front of a bunch of  people and then tell them not to eat it, but we found it extremely off-putting and tacky.  We certainly did not expect to receive free food, but if you're going to put a freshly made pie in front of people for the purposes of taking a picture, some sort of gesture would have been nice.  This incident, in combination with  three heavily oiled arugula salads (we had to ask our server for extra lemon, salt, and pepper) left a bad impression.  I hope that their alcohol license comes through soon, because if we had been able to drown our sorrows in wine and beer, we perhaps could have forgiven Paulie Gee's failings.
I've gotta say that the hype might have killed this place for me. I had their Greenpointer tonight and it was GOOD. But it was not out of this world amazing. I honestly had a difficult time tasting the cheese on my pizza. It had both mozzarella and pecorino, which is usually a pretty pungent cheese. I am not sure if it is a quality of ingredients or the quantity that was on the pizza but I could barely taste the cheese and ended up tasting mostly the dough. Don't get me wrong, this is pretty good pizza, and I would probably try it again. But I've had better.
Once you try this pizza, you are going to think your bill is gonna be sky high. But it won't be. This is not only an extremely affordable gourmet pizza spot, but you know and feel very well taken care of. And it seems to cater to all palates, wether you are a carnivore or purely vegan, there is something impeccably delicious for everyone to indulge in. It's truly decadent. The wait can be long, but oh so worth it. If you are ravenous by the time you are sitting down, don't hesitate to order a salad to share, because you won't be disappointed by that, either. The salads are large enough to split while you wait for some uniquely amazing pizza. I will always recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
Definitely the best pizza you ll experience in NYC. Went there after seeing it advertised on yahoo. Well arrived there a bit early, met the owner, interacted a bit, came back for his pizza. Very good food and nice ambient. The guy is very friendly and he is greeting all his guests like you were invited at his house. He is not superimposing though, I think he enjoys the interaction and lets you be when you don't feel like chatting. Just try it for yourself.
Very nice place!! Pizza definitely the best in the area! Owner super friendly;)) good atmosphere, good selection of drinks it's all you need for good night out!;)
Wonderfully inventive pizza. Great salads and solid beer selection. Plus a Brooklyn vibe that doesn't quit. Met Pauly Gee too and he is a gracious host. I would come back in a heartbeat. This place has all the ingredients for a memorable meal.
pretty frickin good pizza for the US, definitely a notch above the usual, probably because of the wood stove. maybe because of the leprechaun tears. is family friendly, and now I am hungry thinking about the food again.
Came here on a Sunday evening and was seated right away. As a newbie to Greenpoint, my neighborhood friends have raved about Paulie Gee's, so I was excited when a friend came in town and remarked, "Pizza" when I asked what they wanted for dinner. Paulie Gee's we go! So many options on the menu, we asked our server for her recommendations. She recommended the Hellboy or the Ricky Ricotta -- we went with the latter. It comes with tomatoes, fennel sausage, ricotta, and arugula. The sausage on the pizza was so tastey - a bit spicy and smokey. The arugula gave a nice tangy flavor. The sauce, delicious. The crust had a nice char from the wood burning oven (note to the reviewers that gave the 1-2 stars....this isn't crusty, dollar slice pizza. Wood burning oven pizzas tend to be a bit "droopier" which in this case it is, but the ingredients are high quality which makes this pizza fantastic). Average pie is $16-$18. You'll definitely need more than one for two people, if you're hungry. Paulie Gee himself came over, which made it even more wonderful of an experience. We chatted with him about some jazz artists and other musings. Just added to the "at home feel." My only complaint is the music is sooo loud! I had a hard time hearing my friend and we were sitting right across from each other. Also led to some awkward moments with the waitress, who I could never hear correctly and I am pretty sure she either thinks i'ma raging biach or a fool. *Shrugs* Either way, I cannot wait to go back and try one of the other incredible pizzas that Paulie Gee has to offer! Also, they have vegan pies.
So I was told by my friend I needed to try this new pizza place and I was not disappointed!  This place definitely rivals the oh so popular Motorino which I ate at a few weeks ago. The wait staff is incredible friendly and the owners and their son are so friendly and fun to be around!  The owner's wife greeted us with a smile and was happy to talk. About half way through the meal the owners son (also a cook there) comes over with a free pie!!!  I could not believe it!  The pizza crust is crunchy, the ingredients incredibly fresh and the combination of toppings is a delight to the tongue.       The pizza oven was sent directly from Italy and this place is authentic as it gets!  I think in a matter of months this place will be packed.   The atmosphere feels like an old barn and the tunes that are played while eating is a true delight, seems like some 70's Curtis Mayfield type of music.   I can't wait to go back again, now I know why my friend spoke so highly of it!
My cousin came to visit, and was basically here in NY for one thing: food. When she said she wanted to get pizza, I assumed we'd be in manhattan, getting a slice but instead we ended up at Paulie Gee's, a way classier joint. We were there early, around 6 so we were seated immediately. The interior is nice, although a bit too dim. The pizza oven is beautiful and the pizza that comes out of it? Delicious! Something about that cheese -- fior di latte - as if I knew what that meant! :) and the crispness of the crust was totally perfect. We ordered two pizzas because we couldn't decide - the Hellboy and the Regina. Both were good, but I think the Regina was a little stronger..maybe because it was simpler? Paulie Gee himself came over and said hello, and talked to us for a bit about pizza ovens. It was very charming. Overall, definitely worth a visit, and I would say one pizza is probably good for two, unless you have an amazing appetite.
Great pizza. I had the "Anise and Anephew" pie and the "Hellboy", both are not to be missed. Each pie seems to be the right portion for one male adult.  As we had three guys, the owner, recommended a pizza from their secret (not listed on the menu) pie selection. Be sure to ask about these pies. There might be one that you can't resist.  There is a bewildering variety of pies, and it will probably take me many visits to work out my favorites.  Be forewarned, the waits can me long, but they are worth it. But we got there before 6pm on a Saturday and where seated in minutes. So if you are anti-waiting, get there early.  As noted in other reviews, the owner roams around talking to customers and he is very friendly. They also have a nice beer selection.
Paulie Gee's has only been open for about a month so I decided to give it some time before posting a review. In the meantime, I've been there three times and it gets better on every visit. The story alone is enough to make you curious: guy becomes obsessed with pizza making, builds brick oven in backyard, jumps into NYC restaurant/pizzeria scene, yadda yadda - but you don't go back to a restaurant unless the food is good. And the pizza is excellent! The crust is light and airy but also sturdy enough to provide a bed upon which lay the fresh assortment of toppings lovingly applied by the restaurant's namesake himself. I tried three different pies last night and all were delightful, but the Greenpointer's baby arugula, fresh shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano and lemon juice are intoxicating. I usually focus on the food, but our service was exceptional enough to point out. Every face in the joint was smiling and it was simply contagious. I'm already looking forward to visit #4!
paulie Gee`s is the best pizza anywhere!!!!!
I have always felt Brooklyn made the best pies, now it seems like Brooklyn is the borough that is coming out with the most respectable pizza shops. Brooklyn has Grimaldi's, Juliana's, L&B, Di Fara, Lucali, Totonno's, Roberta's, and Paulie Gee's. Pizza is almost synonymous with Brooklyn. Paulie Gee's is a relative new comer to the pizza party, but they make a very respectable pie. The wait on a Wed at 9pm for four was an hr, wait. What? Yeah, I was kinda surprised as well. The place is actually a lot bigger and roomier than I expected, the place inside reminds of a dark barn for some reason, I guess it's hipster pizza. Oh, and the pies came out super quick. The food: Greenpointer w/ Prosciutto di Parma- fresh mozzarella, baby arugula, olive oil, fresh lemon juice & shaved Parmigiano Reggiano. This was a nice pie, the dough is really good, the dough has a nice airiness to it with a nice chew. The baby arugula is a great addition, the prosciutto added a nice salty element but wasn't too pronounced. The lemon juice was strong for me, I felt it overwhelmed the pie. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Regina- Fresh mozzarella, Italian tomatoes, Pecorino Romano, olive oil and fresh basil. It was a very straightforward Margherita, it had nice flavors but it wasn't particularly exciting. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Mike's hot honey sundae- vanilla ice cream, Mike's hot honey and candied pecans. The vanilla ice cream was nice, the hot honey was weird for me since it was sweet and spicy at the same time. I wasn't particularly fond of the texture of the honey enough, it kinda had a spit-like quality. lol The candied pecans added nice texture. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Ovenly flourless chocolate cake. It was an OK cake, it was really dense, like fudge. It was nothing particularly exciting. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
My boyfriend insisted we go here after reading about it on Brooklyn blogs, and once I  found out that they were extremely accommodating to vegans, I was sold. We went on a Thursday at about 7 and it wasn't very crowded, so I can't speak for how it is later in the evening. The waiters were friendly and attentive and offered great advice for what pizzas to get. I ordered the Regina and got Daiya vegan cheese instead of the regular mozzarella for $2 extra: totally worth it. We waited about 15-20 minutes for our pizzas which were cooked to perfection. I think it's safe to say this is the best pizza I've ever had: fresh ingredients, delicious dough, and not heavy or greasy at all. While vegan pizza places like Vinnie's are great for drunk munchies, Paulie Gee's is a fantastic, high-quality meal. Paulie himself made rounds and checked up on everyone to see how their meal was, greeting me as his "vegan friend" and chatting about Daiya. Not only does he know how to make a killer pizza, he knows how to make a vegan feel welcome in the midst of mozzarella-laden pies. The only downside is that I can't afford to order a $15 pizza every night (or else I totally would.) Really, really, really great pizza. Really, really, really great service.
Paulie Gee's has some damn fine pizza. My favorite was the one made with baconmarmalade. That's right, BACONMARMALADE. It was divine. All the pies I tried were delicious & really fresh tasting. Crust was just right too. The interiors were cozy & warm and service was spot on too. I can't wait to get back here again.
I am pretty much convinced that Brooklyn is new pizza capital of the world (ok, ok, I'll give Italy some leverage). I have a few places on my Brooklyn list that have da best pizza ever - now I can add Paulie Gee's to that list as well. Easy to find on Greenpoint Ave, about half block from the water - look for the space that resembles open garage. It is as rustic inside as it is outside - exposed brick walls, wooden tables, wooden chairs, old water pump in the server's area. Beautiful wood-burning oven for those pizzas, all tiled up in mosaic tiles. I was surprised to see that pizzaiolo is a woman - ha! Don't see this often. (does it pronounce differently for female profession, I wonder?) No long wait - got the table as soon as we walked in. I was in the mood for gazpacho before the actual pizza, so I had to get that, of course - not bad, not bad at all! But pizza - Mmmmmm. The crust is phenomenal. Puffy, thin, crisp, with perfect amount of light burn to it. Delroy is soooooo gooooood. Love that sopressata. Must, must, must try if you love pizza!
Crust: airy, lightly charred, perfectly chewy, just salty enough... magical. Toppings: innovative, like you think it'd be weird but it works. For example, the Cherry Jones pictured above is a pizza topped with gorgonzola, dried Bing cherries, honey, fior di latte, and prosciutto. (Who thinks of this stuff??) Recommended dishes: the Cherry Jones is my favorite so far. Also, the Gate of Eden salad, seasonal greens topped with candied walnuts, dried Bing cherries, gorgonzola, and bosc pear. Next time I'll try: the Hellboy, which has fior di latte, tomato, sopressata, parmigiano reggiano, and spicy honey. Ambience: "uber-Brooklyn". Dark and moody, lots of reclaimed wood. Cool bathrooms. There's a large "Pompeii" pizza oven in the back, which was built by Paulie Gee himself. Speaking of which... The chef-owner: Paulie Gee (or Paul Gianonne) is so gosh-darned friendly. He comes by your table while you dine, asks you how you're doing, hopes you'll come back. Such a dear. While you're in the neighborhood: After pizza, or while you wait for your table, complete your Greenpoint experience at Brewerij Lane. It's a craft beer enthusiast dream come true with a constant rotation of small batch exotic beer. Closing thoughts: I really hate it when someone tells me so-and-so place has "The Best [insert any food item here]". And my skin crawls when that food item is pizza. However, after going to Paulie Gee's I turned into a puddle of hypocrisy, telling everyone I knew that it was for realz the best pizza ever and they needed to get to Brooklyn. ASAP.
This place is just unbeatable.  The Greenpointer and the Cherry Jones are total standouts, as well as the killer beer selection and the beautiful ambience.  But the real edge Paulie Gee's has is Paulie himself, going around to every table to see how diners are doing and if they're enjoying their pies.  Last night we were devouring a Cherry Jones and Paulie ended up bringing out an extra they had in the back -- completely free!  There aren't many places where you get a free, amazing pizza from the owner just for the hell of it.  I need to become a regular here immediately.
*For all the veggie people out there* The vegan pizza menu is awesome here- their vegan ricotta and vegan sausage on the simply red pie is so delicious. My boyfriend and I go here a few times a month, not a cheap bill for pizza but definitely worth it every time.   *I love the chili oil they serve to put on top of the pizza
delicious
If you want more traditional first grade thin crust with toppings such as sausage and pepperoni, go elsewhere. If you want off the charts creative local ingredients done beautifully, then run to Paulie Gee's. As a point of reference, I gave Keste and Luzzo's 5 stars...
Came out to Greenpoint on a birthday-week outing with my friend Kim to see her new place.  I traveled back to the West Village feeling a little depressed about the square footage of my apartment, but also VERY full of pizza. Prepare to wait, as they don't take reservations and are poppin' off on a Sunday night.  The good part is it's right by the Greenpoint waterfront, so come on a nice night and have an impromptu photo shoot with the Manhattan skyline to kill some time. A few of the reviews reference Roberta's, but I think Paulie Gee's has its own thing goin' on.  We had a margarita pizza and the Hellboy.  The star of the Hellboy show is Mike's Hot Honey - it really takes a pepperoni pizza to the NEXT LEVEL.  Spicy and sweet, over indulgent/fatty pepperoni and cheese...it really burns a spot into your consciousness as a unique and crave-worthy taste that's strange at first, but you'll want for days afterwards.
Deeeeeeeeeelish!!!!!! Must try the hellboy!! Morsels of sweet spicy goodness will party in your mouth!!!!!
My family and I decided to eat here after looking up top rated Italian restaurants in Brooklyn. I was very impressed. The food was delicious as were the desserts. We got the arugala schmoogala and the ricotta pizza. Normally I don't like too many toppings on my pizza, but each one was completely unique and delicious. The crust was soft just the way I like it. The pizza sizes were a bit small, so if you are going with a large group, I would recommend getting a few pies. There were 5 people in my party, and we only ordered two pizzas. Two people in my party got the salads, and I tried both - they were also delicious and very unique in terms of the taste and the ingredients. Finally, you HAVE to try the ice cream and the salty vegan chocolate chip cookies. I am not a vegan food eater, nor have I ever even given vegan a thought, and these cookies were 100% amazing to the point where I want to go to the bakery and try some of their other products. To add a nice personal touch, Paulie Gee himself came over and spoke to our party. I saw him walking around speaking to everyone in the restaurant. It turns out he works and lives right near where I grew up and reside. He was extremely friendly, and he wanted to make sure we were having a good experience. One warning - it can be a bit warm inside as every seating area has a view and is near the pizza making station. The air conditioning was also broken when we went, so it was a bit warmer than I would have liked. This changed a bit once the doors opened in the front, but keep this in mind when you come and order a cold soda or beer from their bar!
Home of the best vegan pie in NYC- Ina Ricotta Da Vegan. Even a favorite of some meat eating friends of mine! Mr. Paulie G himself is a great host and makes his rounds to say hello to everyone. This place has my vote over Roberta's any day!
I am so happy I finally got to go here!  We've tried twice before, but the wait was too long.  Ordered and shared the In Ricotta Da Vegan, which was great.  The Cashew Ricotta is pretty impressive.  We also got the Salty Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookies for dessert.  So good - took some home, too.  Also got to meet Paulie!
excellent pizza, comically bad service, epic wait.
I wish I can give this place 3 stars just because everyone is giving it 5 stars, but I won't.  I'll give it some credit.  The pizza is good, but it's not exactly Heaven on Earth as most reviews are making it to be.  My guess is it's Vegan selection causing all this popularity.  I for one, dislike Vegans.  Yes, I hate all of you and what you stand for.  You can't use granulated sugar in your coffee because it's made from animal by-products like bone-char, but then it's ok to rock your leather bags. Sidetracked...     So I've been to this place twice and ordered the Regina both times.  It's a classic Margarita and a fair one.  Tangy sauce and fresh mozz.  Belongs in the bottom15 than the top 5 of Margaritas I've had.   The other pies we ordered were mediocre.  The Greenpointer was okay.  We added the prosciutto but barely tasted it.  Might as well try the King Harry if you ask me.  The lemon was very apparent.  What it was missing was probably some clams.   Ordered the Delboy once.  I love Sopressata, but realized I hate it on pizza.  Not just Paulie's, but anywhere.  It's meant to be eaten cold, not cooked.   I ate the chocolate chip cookies once and noticed how much it sucked, but then realized on my second visit, they were Vegan.  The hot honey sundae was ok.  The chocolate cake was more like a brownie -- very rich. I'm a 4 star hater.... what
I'm always nervous to go out to dinner with an established chef, especially when I choose the place.  It better damn well be good because I'll hear about it if it's not.  I immediately loved the scene and the hostess was laid back and sweet.  We were sat at one of the bar tables-- a sort of built in wooden booth.  It took us a while to order but the bartender was patient with us. For dinner we started with the Chick Corea salad with escarole, chick peas and ditalini-- the pasta was very undercooked (this coming from a huge fan of very al dente pasta) but the escarole was fresh and dressed very simply with lemon and olive oil.  The salad would have done well without the pasta, in my opinion-- but still very refreshing and good. We had the Red, White And Greenberg pizza-- which was delicious.  Perfectly salty and sour with the guanciale and onions.  Really excellent right out of the oven.  We also had the Rooftop Red pizza-- really simple and light and "healthy" (those are some really loose quotation marks, lets just say healthier than most of the other pizzas).  My companion, smart man that he is, kept commenting on how awesome the dough was-- it really is AWESOME.  Pizzas are the perfect size for 2-- or 1, but I didn't  tell him I could house a whole pizza, how very un-ladylike. Paulie Gee also stopped by the table, looking sort of like the dad in Curb Your Enthusiasm but younger and much cooler.  I like this place and I like Paulie's whole schpiel.  I will be back.
Much improved pizza selection. It took me a while to warm up, but the place is pretty charming, and so is Paulie.
It seems like this place is always packed, even minutes before closing. So I get there a few minutes after 10 and did a takeout order, as I usually do, the placed was packed so that must've been a good thing. I got the Brian DeParma, which is tomato sauce, parmigiana on a thin crust, but it's probably one of the best damn tomato sauce and parmigiana I've tasted. The pie was delicious and filling and I'd definitely come back and eat at this place again.
We picked up a pie from Paulie Gee's on Friday for a bring your own pizza party.  After some debate, we decided on a Regina with Fennel Sausage.  We stopped by at a little after 7:00 pm on Friday night and the place was super crowded.  I do feel that they don't have enough people in the front of the house managing the crowds and pick up orders. Anyway, the pizza was delicious.  All of the ingredients were very fresh, especially the cheese.  We definitely want to come back for a sit-down dinner.
First - This is one of the best looking restos I've ever been to, by which I mean funky, chic, and relaxed. You can tell some artistic people put a lot of thought into designing the space, done completely with recycled lumber. You go in the bathroom here and must quickly figure out to lock the door, you must swing a huge old iron bar! Just a small but nice detail pointing out the witty design throughout. Enough about design. So hows the pizza? One word. FANTASTIC. Paulie Gee is an amateur cook turned pro who has been experimenting with pizza for 15 years at his home in NJ. After years of people telling him he should have a restaurant, he opened one. So now you can taste his 15 years of pizza flavor "experiments". The pizzas are made in a gorgeous wood-burning oven that Paulie is extremely proud of, and rightfully so. It says NAPOLI because thats were the builder came from to build it, Naples. Paulie's pizzas are inventive but still classic. The pizza crust is extremely good, balancing all of the well-chosen ingredients. The menu is so tempting I would like to try every pizza on it. One pizza we ordered was the Parma D'or (mozz, arugula, parmigiano, etc) and had one extra ingredient which surprised me. Lemon juice. Never in a million years would have thought of putting lemon juice on pizza, or that it could work but guess what. It does, it matched the green arugula perfectly and set off all the flavors. Another pizza had kale which also surprised me with how tasty it was on a pizza. Everyone of our party loved the pizza and the place! Paulie even was nice enough to offer us gratis one of his "mistakes" pizza with figs that he cooked a tiny bit too much, which was a kind gesture from a restaurant owner. Thanks, Paulie, We'll be back!
Vegans! Rejoice! Tons of crunchy delicious wood oven fire pizza choices with dollops of cashew ricotta, HOMEMADE vegan sausage, and other delicious and healthy toppings. The ambiance is so cozy and romantic, is the perfect spot for a date!                           They also have amazing Van Leeuwen vegan Ice Cream and the owner is a great guy. The first time we were there he stop at our table and chat a lil with us. He is truly passionate about pizza. The oven is a glorious piece of art. Hail to good Vegan pizza !
Had the Hellboy.  Even though it was over 9000 degrees out outside, it was still one of the best pizzas I've had.  Quite pleased.  Paulie, you make some damn good pizza.  The best ever?  Nah... but this is not one of those places where the hype is totally misplaced; it's good. That hype does mean that you're going to have to wait a while, though.  At least all the staff seemed good-natured and helpful. The pizzas are pleasantly thin (not thin-crust, just... relatively thin crust) so they're quite appropriate to treat as personal pizzas.  They have extensive vegan/gluten free offerings for those of gentle dietary persuasion, and some exceedingly rakish combinations of toppings, so I heartily encourage swapping slices with your friends. And just as a heads-up, the crowd seems to tend towards... well... here's a fun game to play: Hipster Drinking Game.  Take a shot every time you see a hipster trope and you'll be falling down on your way out the door.  On my visit, I saw a skinny guy with a bushy lumberjack beard, a low-cut v neck, and cut-off daisy dukes.  I think that means I win the internet, or something.
Fantastic pizza, fast service, and really personable staff.  Paulie himself was there and came by our table to make sure everything was delicious.  It was!
So I am a native New Yorker and a total foodie and I don't really like pizza.  Friends suggested Paulie Gee's and I was hesitent as I don't always love heavy pizza but I have to say this place blew others out of the water.  We had two pies and a salad for three of us after a 45 minute wait and I am thrilled to say the food was great. Fresh and not so heavy..... everything was really good.  The right ratio of a thin crust to sausage to sauce was totally spot on.  I am going back asap!  This was some of the best pizza I have ever had!!!
It was time. I had heard the rave reviews. My good friend, a self-proclaimed pizza expert, had proclaimed the Hellboy as life-changing. So, on a Thursday night, my date and I wandered into the rustic warehouse, ready for our lives to change. With the dim lighting, wood-burning oven, and good old-school jams playing in the background, it made for a great date spot. (Well, besides the fact that I went on to inhale an entire pizza!) We chose the Hellboy-- spicy sweet perfection. You will not regret this moment. The perfect complement was the In Ricotta Da Vita, topped with the fresh, flavorful ricotta, arugula and fennel sausage.   My only regret was that I was too stuffed to try dessert-- and they sounded amazing.  Just another reason to get back on the G (Gee) train.
overall a good experience. cool interior and atmosphere. the first thing I noticed was the wood burning stove in the back. I have never had pizza prepared like this, and you could definitely taste the difference. only thing is that it might be harder to control so the crust on one of our pizzas was slightly burnt. still good nonetheless. ingredients were super fresh and the waitstaff was friendly. one of our pies had a large bubble in it. we didn't think it was that big of a deal but paulie came over and gave us another pie on the house! would dine there again.
What can I say that hasn't been said? Yes the wait sucks, but once you're seated everything falls into place. YOU CAN'T GO WRONG AT PAULIE GEE'S. Fantastic flavor combinations, excellent ingredientes, decent service, and an owner who really cares about his customers and his establishment. Best pizza in NYC in my opinion.
First thing's first: the Cheek Corea salad is out of control. The guanciale is crispy salty perfection. Nice, refreshing lemony, but not too overpowering dressing on a hearty salad including chick peas and lil pastas. This baby is mouthwatering, for reals. Then onward to the pizza. So many sexy pies to choose from. We went w/the Greenpointer. It was good. Lots of fresh Arugula. Perfect crust. But, when our neighbors Delboy arrived, I found myself making eyes w/them hoping they'd let me have a lick, or even just smell it. So, besides the lovely food, the ambiance is smooth, sexy, cool. Date night kind of thing, but w/a laidback, rustic chillness to it.
Hands-down one of the best pizza pies in Brooklyn. I tried the Hellboy, the Regina, the arugula, prosciutto, fig pizza, and the Greenpoint. All were fabulous. The crust was delectable, the toppings were incredible and the atmosphere is delicious. To top it off, the owner visited with us in the middle of our meal. He's a very friendly man. It's definitely worth the wait.
Holy Flippin Grail. Oooooooooooh my god. It's so delicious. The sauce is magnificent. The dough is perfect!!! I mean just....ok. I use to be a huge fan of another famous "pizza joint" in DUMBO (most will know what I'm talking about so it can remain nameless). This place beats it 10 times over. I just got the regular with basil & fresh mozzerella. But I'm curious to try this cherry jones everyone talks about.
So good!! On weekends - there's always a wait, but I noticed it never is as long as they say....and even still - it's worth it. What I like to do is go a few doors down to Brouwerij Lane - have a couple of half pints and then go check on the table. The pizza is so tasty - love the crust (I typically like a more crispy crust but this is just perfectly flavored and love the consistency), and the mozarella he uses. Paulie also goes around to each table to ask how you like it which is cute :) I typically never order pizza with a meat topping but after seeing pictures of the Dellboy - I had to try it. So glad I did - the Sopressata Piccante is thinly sliced it almost melts in your mouth and I love how it chars around the edges for that little bit of crisp. Service is attentive & friendly - and I really like the ambiance of the place. Good for a date, or a night out with friends.   I have yet to try any of the dessert because I am always too full after devouring a whole pie.
One word:  Hellboy.
Anthony says the HellBoy is the truth. The hype is real. Of Neapolitan style pizzas this is the best he's ever had. Fresh. Hot. The hot honey is the trick.
Best pizza in Greenpoint, no question. Try the Monte Cristo and the Hellboy. The only downside is that there is always a long wait for table service.
it gets to crowded because it's freakin great. believe the hype!! get a hellboy pizza, isssdahhbehsstt!!
I'm pretty sure this is what love feels like. Paulie Gee's has been, to me, the popular high school quarterback that I've admired from afar, heard much about, but could never touch. Having received recommendations from plenty of other friends who'd dined there and read squadrons of glowing yelp reviews, I spent about a year and a half lusting for a vegan pie at Paulie Gee's until my boyfriend finally took me there last night to devirginize my Paulie's pizza palate. It was everything I dreamed of and more. My first bite of Simply Red (we got ours with vegan sausage and mushroom) sent my eyes rolling back into their sockets with delight. The dough had taken on that terrific chargrilled taste that few other pizzerias can replicate, and it caused the resulting crust to landed squarely in that sweet spot between burnt crispy and flaccidly soft, even when it sat on the pan for awhile as we divided our attention between it and our second pie order. The vegan sausage was spot on, and it wasn't until our first couple of bites that we realized Paulie Gee's vegan pizzas didn't come with vegan cheese, as we originally thought they would. But that we didn't notice it until we were well into our first slices should tell you how little it needs a nondairy cheese to send you flying into Flavorville. Our other pie, the In Ricotta Da Vegan, did come with a cashew-based ricotta (as well as fennel sausage, tomatoes, and arugula) which was so eerily similar to the dairy ricottas I remembered from my pre-gan days that if I were served this anywhere else, I'd demand to see where it came from. The service was entirely correct - no ignoring nor hovering here. We came late at night, so the already dim restaurant just felt dark and somehow the candles only seemed to accentuate the shadows rather than lighting it. But these are the kinds of silly, grumpy thoughts that go through your mind as you hungrily watch neighboring diners dig into their own delicious-looking pies, and when yours arrive after about ten salivating moments, all thoughts about lighting, decor, and ambiance are completely vanquished. As a vegan dating a non-vegan, there are few places that will make us both perfectly happy with our meal, but add Paulie's to the very top of that short stack.
JUST LET ME TELL YOU. I've heard about them, read about them, even seen them on TV.  All this hype... I had to see and taste for myself. Paulie Gee's? THE place for Neapolitan style pizza, hands down! Which is why this place gets crazy busy with long waits on the weekends and short(er) waits on the weekdays. We came here in the middle of the week and only waited for about 15 mins. Win. This place is quite rustic, beautiful and has lots of character. Dark wood, iron wall details, cozy, dim ambiance, and the imported oven that's the centerpiece--which warms the entire space, and pumps out the most amazing pizza like magic. So let's talk about the pizza. The menu is pretty extensive, going from traditional to outside of the box, all made with the freshest and best ingredients around. I went with the Greenpointer with fior di latte (mozzarella), arugula, olive oil, lemon juice and shaved parm. This is MY perfect pizza. And it was just about damn perfect. Light, bubbly crust with slightly charred spots held the toppings sturdily--which mingled harmoniously on my palate. I love the saltiness of the parm, the spicy bitterness of the arugula and the bright zing of the lemon juice. Did I mention it was perfect? Because it was. My friend had the Grapeful Dead with baby spinach, olive oil, gouda, shaved parm and pickled red grape halves. I'm not a fan of grapes, but the grapes made this dish. The mellow saltiness of the gouda and parm was complemented perfectly by the sweetness of the grapes. They were like sweet little flavor explosions... and damn tasty. You can easily finish one whole pie if you're super hungry, and one is not enough for 2 people. So get your own pizza... and if you don't finish at the table, you've got yourself a lunch that EVERYONE at the office will sweat the next day. That's what happened to me. They were all just jealous that I've found the perfect pizza, and they didn't. BUT LET ME TELL YOU. You too, can find the most amazing pizza. It's in Greenpoint. It's from Paulie Gee's. And oh, Paulie is a great guy. I'm sure you'll chat with him once you're there!
Great pizza great crust but recently stopped doing take out and no delivery and its hard to get in on weekends (haven't tried weekdays).  The other high end pizza restaurants in the area do offer take out and delivery so Paulie Gee's lost our patronage as a result..with kids ordering in is much preferred, hope they reinstate to go orders at some point.  Would give higher star rating if we could actually get some pizza!
We were here a few weeks ago to check out the pizza. Love the décor and space. Friendly staff. Very good coffee. Reasonable prices. The pizza was good, though I prefer slightly less char on the crust and a little more toppings. We got the margherita and spinach pizzas. There does need to be better lighting in the bathroom, as it was so dark I could not see anything, basically a night light level of light, strange.
I can't get enough of the In Ricotta da Vegan. Paulie's friendly and comes to say hello. This is our neighborhood joint and we love it.
Really liked it on my first visit. Got the hellboy. On the second, got the pizza with the sausage and arugula. It was not that good. Just a lot of arugula dumped on top of the pizza. Considering there are so many good pizza places, not sure it warrants a third visit.
Hands down my favorite pizza spot in the five boroughs. The concoctions are incredible and the hot honey really spices it up. Prepare for quite a long wait time but trust me, it's worth it. Besides you can always walk down the block and grab a drink while you're waiting.
The pizza here is good. On food alone, I'd give this place 4/5 stars. The problem with this restaurant has two parts: 1. The pizza oven is too small for the size of the restaurant, which slows everything down.  The restaurant seems to attempt to manage this by taking forever to seat people. Even still, our pizza came out over 45 minutes after we ordered. 2. The place is staffed by hipster losers who don't care about the restaurant at all. Our server was the typical "too good for this job" tattooed transplant, whose only words all night were "Are you ready to order?"(We were never even offered refills on our drinks! Free money lady!). Roberta's is just as hip, and the pizza's just as good, but at least the food comes out relatively quickly.
So, I returned to Paulie Gee's on my birthday. My friend told Paulie it was my birthday and he gave me a desert. What a guy! The greepointer is an amazingly fresh, feel like you ate a salad when you ate a pizza type of pie. But if you're in the mood for a regular salad the gates of Eden is delicious with pears, gorgonzola and walnuts.
Pros: vegans and non vegans can eat pizza here. Pizza was pretty yummy. Cons: the place smells like old water and my pizza was supposed to have hot chili oil but there was not a molecule of spice. Either they forgot it or their chili oil isn't spicy. Overall -2 stars bc of the smell and the pizza wasn't mind blowing. Willing to try again however
This place is friggin great. I live a block and a half away, and I sense DANGER. The pizza is really exceptional. I had the King Harry (mozzarella, tomatoes, prosciutto, basil)  the boy had the Spectacle (speck and red onion) and his cousin got one of the special pies, the Meat Hook (sausage, chicken, mushrooms, mozzarella). We each swapped a slice out so we could sample a little of everything. The sauce is amazing and flavorful, the sausage is some of the BEST I've ever had, and the crust is absolutely perfect. One pizza was a perfectly sized meal. Nope, it ain't cheap. But, if you wanted a mediocre $2 slice of pizza you could find it over at one of the windows on Manhattan Ave. You're coming here for quality, locally sourced, DELICIOUS pizza.
Usually Paulie Gee's is a 5 in my book, but I'm basing the two star on my last experience. I haven't been back to brooklyn in about a year, and one of my first stops was Paulie Gee's. Started with the salad and it was perfect, just as I remembered. We ordered the kale and mushroom pizza and added veggie sausage. It arrived promptly without mushrooms and the pizza burnt. And by burnt I don't mean charred to perfection, I mean burnt. The bottom was black and tasted like so. The Kale was also burnt. I assume this was just a one-off time, but whoever checks the pizzas blew it on that one. I'll be back though to give Paulie another shot, because when they hit their pizzas properly, they are excellent.
The Entrance: The hostess eyed me up and down and said "how many" in a slightly contemptuous way that is reserved for a 9PM dinner rush. "Two," I replied in as friendly a way possible, believing that it might reduce our two-person wait. The hostess looked down the long, long, long list of names and made dramatic flair by writing my name on what felt like the end of three pages names. But 45 minutes goes by quickly when there's such a nice waterfront park next door. The table: My date and I sat on the edge side of a 6-person table that had two other couples (that we didn't know). The clamor and cacophony of the restaurant made it so unless you're really paying attention, you don't share conversation at the table with the others. So it's shared seating, but isolated. Dimness pervades the restaurant along with a decently retro (but fun) playlist that sometimes was less background and more foreground. Exposed wood dominates the interior, along with italian-esque motifs throughout. I'm still confused about the bathroom signage. Not a place for low-talkers. The food: Ordered the "Regina" which is a pretty classic margarita type pizza. Good crust, not soggy although still floppy. Great, fresh flavors; simple taste (which I prefer). I would have liked a bit more tomato and I felt the outer crust ring was perhaps too high a percentage of the overall pie, but it's a great pizza. It tastes almost healthful, while still maintaining a distinctly pizza flavor. $14 for the pizza (I believe). Yes, one pie was enough for two people, although we had plans to have more food later somewhere else (but we didn't end up needing to, although we did). The drink: Delicious, wonderful, light prosecco that just went down so nicely. Great pair with the pizza. $20 for the smallish bottle that has about 4 good glasses. The conclusion: Go here. You won't be disappointed. Paulie will come to your table and say hello, and the pizza is delicious (and that prosecco!).
This is by far my favorite pizza spot in New York. The vibe is great -- good lighting, good crowd, and unique menu. The owner also makes visits to all the tables -- really nice guy. Everyone says the Cherry Jones is the best - but I would say the pie with bacon marmalade is FAR better. The bacon marmalade is made locally, and with the caramelized onions it has just the right balance of flavor. Although good, the Cherry Jones has just a few too many cherries which makes it too sweet, and with the gorgonzola it's just a little too intense. I would also suggest ordering 'The Falconer,' an off-menu pie my friend's boyfriend told me about, which has roasted eggplant. Final note: awesome bathrooms; a detail that always gives a restaurant extra brownie points.
Awesome pizza! Went here with my husband and two friends and shared three pies. Some different wonderful flavors but also traditional styles as well. You might have to wait, but its worth it. Good service, great meal and reasonable prices!
Pizza. It's one of the few types of food where there seems to be a never-ending quest for the "perfect crust" or "perfect sauce" or "best pie ever". Ever since I moved to my new hood, I've been disappointed with the pie's I've encountered. Canned sauce, extra salty cheese and even uncooked crust (shudder). So when my friend and I were thinking about dinner last night, pizza popped up...neither of us had had a decent slice in eons, and Paulie Gee's was a straight shot from my place. Can I say I love tin ceilings? I love tin ceilings. I loved the coziness of the space, even though it wasn't small - there was enough seating for your party of ten as well as your date of two. The staff was incredibly friendly, the beer and wine list were pretty tasty and they have Van Leeuwen ice-cream for dessert. That alone will make me come back. Not to mention, the owner came by several times to check in and see how we were doing (he was circulating throughout - that's charm right there for ya). As for the pizza - well, sauce is what gets me all the time...and this place had the sauce. It was delicious. Not to mention enough vegetarian options to make even the most vegetarian/vegan person smile from ear to ear with delight. We shared the Ricky Ricotta (you must try this one, don't let the vegan fennel sausage scare you) and the Regina. We thought one was enough, but let's face it...after a pizza drought, one can go a little overboard. All I can say is since this is a straight-shot, I'll be back.
I've eaten here a dozen times and it's simply great, certainly the best in the neighborhood (we love the Hellboy). I've got one minor gripe, though...Paulie gets worked up when you ask for hot pepper flakes, takes them away and brings you hot oil instead. "Try it! It's better!" he says. Well...he's right, but the oil simply isn't hot enough; to get your pizza up to a suitable level of spiciness, you have to drench it with so much oil it oozes like the Gulf of Mexico. It's gotta be much hotter if you want me to use it instead of pepper flakes, Paulie!
Geez, I am still thinking of all the great tastes I had here. I've been here twice and the second time I went with a large group and we ordered several pies to share. It was absolute heaven. I could not get the slices down quickly enough. Of course I was starving, as we had to wait an hour and a half for a table and it was on a Tuesday night. That was the only complaint. The hostess said 45 mins, but it was twice that. When Paulie Gee came to our table (as he always does) we had already plowed through our pies. He apologized for the wait and instead of not charging for one of the pies, he brought us out another one that he recommended, for free. Although we were stuffed, we quickly devoured that one too. It was one with 2 types of chees, fresh spinach and a ton of garlic. I am blanking on all the names of the pies, but get the one with fennel sausage, red onion and Mike"s hot honey! The hot honey combos are so special. Try 'em, you will be knocked out.
The Myth. The Legend. Mr. Paulie Gee... this place is the ultimate pizza joint in NY, you get the best pizza, the best host, Paulie himself, and you get an incredible experience! There is a pie here for everyone, whether you're feeling boring or if you're feeling gutsy they have it all here. This is a pizza lovers paradise, he's a master of toppings and each ingredient plays a symphony of pure bliss. He knows his craft, he knows what works, and most of all it tastes incredible. I've been going to Paulie gee's since he opened up and it still holds the crown in NY. Always innovating, never standing still. Thats what it's all about.
1) Do you love Pizza? 2) Do you consider yourself a NYC Pizza Connoisseur? 3) Have you visited every pizza hot spot in the City and rated them based on sauce, crust, cheese, dough quality and toppings? If you answered "Yes" to any of these questions but have not been to Paulie Gee's, immediately jump on the G train to Greenpoint and prepare yourself for a life changing experience. Those of you who have had the blessing of stepping foot into this pizza palace will know what I'm talking about. From the moment you walk through the gigantic wooden doors and absorb the old world rustic surroundings and sweet aroma of fresh pizza, you will know you're in heaven. Expect a sunny greeting from one of the genuinely friendly servers and take your seat at a magnificent wooden table with a view of Paulie Gee's Naples-born pizza oven. On the menu and specials board you will find a selection of over ten distinct pizzas. Can't decide which pizza to order? Have no fear, because you will be back - more than once. In fact, I can guarantee that you will return again and again until you have sampled every pizza on the menu...and even then, you will crave Paulie's delectable pizzas on a weekly basis. No matter which pizza you order, expect the freshest ingredients available in the Tri-State area, a crust like no other on the planet, and flavor combinations that make you want to melt to the floor. Oh, and if you order the Spectacle, bring spare underwear, because you'll need them - it's that good... Salads are also wonderfully fresh and flavorful, and the rare soft drinks and mouth watering Nutella dessert are one of the many added touches that make this the perfect pizza joint. From start to finish, Paulie Gee's provides an excellent experience that will keep you coming back for years to come.
Nothing beats the Greenpointer and Anise and Anephew. Delicious! Ok, the Hellboy is great as well.
Pretty freaking good pizza. Get the Hellboy, and anything that has post-oven ricotta cheese applied to it. That's a trick I will definitely be using for my own home made pizza soon. They have an excellent oven. However... The restaurant is a bit too dark / intimate / hipstery for my taste, it's pizza for crying out loud. You can watch the pie maker work but he's illuminated by *candles*. And the bathroom looks like it's in the side of a barn. The stalls lock with big steel bars and it's also so dark you don't even know where to throw your paper towels. C'mon man, just focus on making good food, this isn't a fucking mumford and sons music video. 5 stars for the pizza, 3 for the ambiance.
Let me preface these five stars by saying that we waited an hour for a table on a Saturday night. I didn't realize until I sat down how small the dining room actually is; my friend and I sat at one of the long, family-style tables, with little separation from our guests. Normally, I would mind this close proximity with strangers--but consider again my five stars. The atmosphere is anything but a turn-off here. Despite the wait for a table, once my friend and I ordered (the Delboy and the Harry Belafontina), the pizzas arrived relatively quickly. There is a view, in fact, of the oven in the back of the room, and seeing the dough being tossed out of the corner of your eye only heightens the anticipation. The pizza is amazing: full-flavored sauce, great cheese, nicely baked crust, and interesting topping combinations (the Harry Belafontina, for example, has meatballs, golden raisins, and mushrooms). For brick oven pizza, the crust doesn't have as much char as other versions often have, so you don't have to selectively bite around burnt patches that leave black specks in between your teeth. I went for a birthday, so we consulted the dessert menu, which was the longest that I've ever seen in a pizza restaurant. Of the varied dessert-style pizza (or rather, pizza-style desserts) and sundaes, we chose the pistachio peanut brittle sundae with pistachio ice cream, but I'm still curious about every single other item. I'll definitely go back--just maybe not on a Saturday.
Fantastic pizza
I could write a book about how good everything was at this place but it would take too long to go into the details. I cannot recommend this place more!! Easily my Top 2-3 favorite places for pizza in the city. Paulie Gee himself sat at our table and talked pizza with us after we finished dinner. We discussed all the great pizza places in the city with him and a local couple at the table next to us. He agreed with a lot of my Top 10 choices for pizza in the city. I was with a friend from out of town and he still can't stop talking about how good it was. The only downside is the location. I've only been there 3x cuz it's so out of the way in Greenpoint. But every time someone comes to town, I feel obligated to drag them out to have easily some of the BEST PIZZA IN THE CITY!!
I love the options on this menu.  Great for vegans and non-vegans alike.  Super tasty!
Ok....Where to begin. I got there at 6pm hoping to get a pizza to go. My husband and I heard that the line is always out the door for this place and that you can't get anywhere better. We waited and at 6:05pm they opened their doors. The one star is for the atmosphere. It is a cool hang out spot. It would be even better if they had better service. When we got up to the hostess stand the girl very rudely said that she WOULD NOT take a to go order because they had just opened and had a line. So, we sat at the bar and ordered the Arugula smoogula pizza. While sitting there about 5 minutes after we tried to get a to go order, someone walked in to pick up something to go. Whatever...I was getting the best pizza ever...right? The pizza was burnt to the point where I could not eat the crust. There was no taste...even with arugala which has a very flavorful taste tasted like nothing. Besides being burnt of course.  It was also soggy and small for 2 people. I am still hungry. It was not worth the money. I never write reviews...but I could not let this one slide. I will be going to Vinny's pizza from now on. It is much much better.
1) fantastic crust, a little bit of char, great chewiness, perfect saltiness 2) unique pies 3) All of the ingredients are fresh and scrumptious This place is a Go-to for anyone who wants a great pie in a nice sit-down restaurant. Heads-up: the restaurant is quite dimly lit
Go to Roberta's instead. The positive about Paulie Gee's is that the food is very good. I can't take that away from this place. But that's it. The problem is with the restaurant itself. Whoever designed this place needs to look at a calendar. It's 2013, and electricity is readily available. I'm all for ambiance, but this place is like eating in a cave. Even in the middle of the day it's incredibly dark in here. Annoyingly dark. Each table has a few small candles on it, and the perimeter of the dining room has small, dim lights near the ceiling, which cast only enough light to for you to see that they are there, but not enough for you to actually use any. Reading the menu shouldn't be a chore. It's a shame, because I really like the food here, and it's close to my home, but I just don't want to eat in the dark. I realize this place was most likely designed by a couple of "men" who think it's halloween 12 months a year and wear full tool belts and vintage cover-alls for tasks such as building a sandwich board 15" off the ground, but if I'm trying to make some regrettable decisions with an ugly girl and not get spotted by my friends, I'm not taking her to a place this expensive anyways. Like I said before, just go to Roberta's. The food is just as good, if not better, and you can actually see 6" in front of yourself.
my husband and i visited for the first time, and we got lucky with a table a bit before 8pm on a saturday night.  paulie was incredibly friendly and makes a point to visit each table, even dropping off the pizza himself.  highly recommend the gragnano wine to accompany the pies.  we ordered a pair of pies, perfect to share for two people.  great decor and ambience, worth the "trek" to greenpoint.  my only complaint is the acoustics were a little loud.  everything else was wonderful.  can't wait to go back again very soon.
got king harry and regina. both are mediocre pizzas taste wise but it is thin crust and not oily however side crust was burnt and bad taste regardless. service was alright. ambience is awesome though.
Great pizza!
it was ok, it could have been better.. may not go again
Hands down best pizza and that hell boy pizza with the spicy honey is to die for. Really chill atmosphere,  good for big groups, and the pizza is made fresh as you order. The owner Paulie Gee is no stranger to the place, he's like a rock star. He's usually in the restaurant mingling with his customer's, really down to earth. The spicy honey will get you hooked, the person who came up with that is brilliant. Thank you Paulie Gee for introducing it to us!
I ate here about a month ago for the first time.  Unfortunately, I also just moved so won't be eating here again any time soon. This is easily in my new top-3 NYC pizza places. All the pies we got were great.  At one point, Paulie himself overheard me talking about making a brick pizza oven in my backyard and came over to chat about it for about 5 minutes. My favorite was the one with bacon marmalade.  It was fantastic.
absolutely outstanding pizza, my second favorite pizza place in nyc (2nd to di fara's).  the cherry jones simply must be ordered every time i go there.  get it, you will be so happy.
I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere of this place. Had to wait about an hour for a table but that was expected for a Friday night and it was worth it.
A very neat place. I've been to woodfire pizza joints before, so that in an of itself wasn't the game changer. The ambiance offers a lot and in spite of the 90-120 minute wait on a Saturday (note: Don't go on a Saturday), all of the staff were super helpful, down to earth and it had the feel of an exclusive place without feeling super exclusive to an outsider. Pizza was good, didn't wait horrendously long for it and sitting at the bar on a crowded day with a small party (2) is a good idea. In short, worth the schlep to Greenpoint for a very unique pizza experience.
It's interesting to skim through some of the reviews to find naturally the much higher i.e. 4-5 stars vs 1-2 star reviews.  I am a proud fan of Paulie Gee's for a couple of reasons - when I was in NY a year ago, I stopped by and ordered 4 pizzas between myself and 3 others.  - The greenpointer, feel like bacon love, hellboy, and cherry jones - all were delicious with such thoughtful combination of the ingredients that go so well together, not to mention the creative names for some of these pizzas.- Service was spectacular with the owner himself stopping by to say hello and check on us...1 year later, I returned for a wedding and had to stop by again this time with 5 others.  Now we ordered - a greenpoint benedict, hellboy, greenpointer, hometown brisket, and cherry jones. - can you tell which ones were my favorite due to the repeats??  And naturally Paulie G himself came by again as he checks in on all of his guests.  Consistency is very important to me, so the fact that the quality and service were the same as a year ago, that's huge.   Now when it comes to the pizza itself, people have to remember it's WOOD-fired.  You will get that char/blistering on the crust from the fire.  Also this type of pizza can sometimes be on the "floppy" side, so that's what you should expect.  Not all pizzas are created equal!  Pizza isn't just pizza, you have to remember the quality of the ingredients that make one gourmet vs your quick dollar slice.  This is definitely up there with Pizzeria Lola in Minnesota in my book when it comes to one of the best ever pizzas I've had.  Awesome crust -check.  Interesting toppings that go well together while each having proper representation -check.  Impeccable service -check!  Looking forward to the Paulie Gee's eventually coming to sweet home Chicago!
Really freaking good pizza. Definitively better than Lucali, not as good as Saraghina, but that's a good place to be stuck between. What separates this place from other pizzerias is their incorporation of sweet flavors into their pizzas. Surprisingly, it works well. The crust is near perfect. Chewy, crispy and charred. Many of their pizzas do not have tomato sauce so know this when you order. The only complaint I have is that I saw a roach running up the wall while I was waiting and that grossed me out a bit. Maybe a restaurant cat would help with that. Otherwise, probably the second best pizza in NYC.
Came here on a Monday night. waited about 30 min. Got the Ricotta Be Kiddin' Me and Hellified Porkpie White.  The ricotta was a bit underwhelming but it was prob because I tried the porkpie first.  The sweetness of the honey prob overtakes the subtle flavors of the ricotta.  Though the Porkpie def rocks! The honey is def a nice touch.   Service was a bit lacking to say the least. Would def go back though
I never knew what went on a brunch pizza until at Paulie Gee's. How I can describe it is: mounds and mounds of egg with yolk goodness and bacon! A group of 9 of us decided to order a majority of the brunch pizzzas: 1. Salmon Dave - None of us were a fan. I would not recommend. 2. Sunnyside - A must get. This was one of our favorite because of the sunnyside eggs. Never knew how good eggs could be on pizza. 3. Baconmarmalade and Egg - Bacon & Egg. A deadly combination that only makes your mouth water. Another must get. 4. Great EggSpecktation - Again this pizza has a great deal of Sunnyside eggs on it. If you are deciding with the sunnyside vs this. I would get the sunnyside. 5. Monte Cristo - Bacon alone was a good but not as good as it could have been if they added eggs... 6. Benedict - I thought the hollandaise sauce was more of a "pour" than a "drizzle" 7. Florentine -  Good mix of Mushroom and Spinach. But again, more of a pour of the hollandaise sauce than a "drizzle" Overall, I loved everything with sunnyside eggs and bacon in it. I will come back for more of these. They make the pizza very quickly. I really like the classic romantic yet still casual feel of this place. Our waitress was not very attentive and there have been many times where I try to find her as she tried to bus other tables. For example, people who showed up later did not get any utensils or water or napkins. We had to keep on asking for a water refill as well.
We were not overly impressed with this meal. I had a Gorgonzola and cherry pizza which was nice, but nothing amazing. The atmosphere was a bit uncomfortable. The music was insanely loud and we were sat at a table in the centre, which made it hard to chat. We finished our meal, and everything was ok, but at $70 for two pizzas and a bottle of wine, I left feeling underwhelmed. Service was friendly and prompt.
REALLY NY?  REALLY? So apparently my friend really really likes this place but another said he preferred lucali more...when we went there it was closed so we ended up at Paulie Gee's. Hellboy fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd…- fior di latte, italian tomatoes, berkshire, sopressata piccante and parmigiano reggiano with mikes hot honey Green pointerhttps://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/­hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/420301_3145467629240_1041­491216_3093553_990965444_n.jpg- fior de latte, baby arugula, olive oil, fresh lemon juice and shaved parmigiano refgiano + we added prosciutto Cherry joneshttps://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-­ak-snc7/s720x720/423658_3145467149228_1041491216_3­093552_1857275529_n.jpg- fior di latte, gorgonzola, prosciutto di parma, dried bing cherries and orange blossom honey. I never knew how important a crust is for a pizza till I came to Paulie Gee's and for me I discovered I hate soggy burnt crust.  That was exactly what paulie gee's pizzas were like.  Okay fine, they use fresh ingredients and fine Italian meats but it was all completely spoiled by how crappy the crust was.  Not only that, honey over pizza is NOT appealing at all either.  I highly highly recommend you getting something that doesn't have honey on top of it. Also it's crazy hot inside because there is no barrier between the fire oven and the dining area.  You know that thing is pumping out some heat when they claim it can cook a pizza in about 1 minute!  Another Ice Water Please...
Not at all worth the hype. Not.  At.  All.   Fine, sure; but that's it.  Wait on line in Greenpernt for 2 hours?  No.  Don't.  Don't be an idiot. No. Space is what you'd expect: fake industrial.  Boring. Service is sullen, but that's what you get in Brooklyn. The cutsey names for the dishes are stupid enough, but ignore them.  Offputting.  But so be it. Specifics: Salad offerings are severely lacking, only 2 on the menu.  We had the escarole salad.  It was mainly escarole.  Good enough.  But what justifies the price?  And the chickpeas were obviously out of a can.  Why the minuscule pasta? No flavor, and no texture. Pointless. No dressing, either.  Just oil and lemon juice.  Lazy.  Not worth the price.  A waste. WTF are they thinking, and why is anyone putting up with it? And Pizza, which is what you come for - and think very hard before going to Greenpoint, which is a hike from the L? Not bad, but not at all memorable. Toppings are fresh. But two problems, one which can be avoided, and one which unfortunately cannot. The problem that can be avoided is the "hot honey."  Nearly every pie includes this fetid crap. It is foul, and disgusting, and ruins the pizza.  Absolutely wrong.  Paulie must be subsidizing his nephew's "hot honey" business, because it's flacked all over, bottles for sale (no way, thanks).  It is store bought honey, with chile peppers.  That's it. That's all.  And it is a disgusting additive to otherwise fine pizza.  Disgusting, and foul. The other problem is the crust.  Soggy.  Shame on them, given that they appear to have a coal burning oven.   The crust is insipid, and soggy.   toppings are fresh, though. Small comfort. If the wait were 10 minutes, I'd go.  Two freakin' hours?   You'll regret it. There are nearly a score of better high end pizza places that are actually accessible, as opposed to Greenpoint, which is off the map.  Try Company, on 24th and 9th, for fresh, delicious pies, with a thick crust that doesn't sag.  Or Spunto, on 7th Ave S, which is thin crust, and tries (though has deteriorated a lot).  Or, I suppose, nearly everything else. Don't go.  And if you do, avoid the scammy "hot honey."  Gross.
This is some damn fine pizza. Whoa buddy. First piece of advice: get here early. This place fills fast and a half hour after they opened, there was already an hour long wait. Luckily, Paulie Gee's is located in Greenpoint right by the water, and the man and I took a nice walk and were able to catch the sunset (awww) while waiting for them to open. We decided on the Hellboy (highly recommended by, well, everyone) and the In Ricotta da Vita (because I'm a big supporter of anything with sausage and dollops of ricotta). The Hellboy was predictably awesome. Sopressata Piccante pairs with Mike's Hot Honey and tastebuds rejoice. Spicy, salty, AND sweet. Amahzing. In Ricotta da Vita played second fiddle to the magical Hellboy, but was definitely a solid pie. My only wish is that it had just a bit less arugula - it's such a strong flavor and at times it overwhelmed the rest of the players. All in all, I highly recommend Paulie Gee's for a happy tummy.
The wait can be absurdly long if you get here during prime dinner hours or on the weekend, but the food is absolutely worth it. I have yet to have a bad pie at Paulie Gee's, and I've had a lot of pizza here. If you love pizza, make sure you make the trek out to Greenpoint. This is hands down my favorite pizza place in all of NYC. Excellent service and a nice ambiance. Paulie, the man himself, is always here greeting customers and walking around to see how everyone is doing.
Uhoh, Roberta's. I may become a bit unfaithful this summer.. Paulie Gee's is very Roberta's-esque with the wooden interior, long benches, and amazing pizza from their brick oven. The wait was your typical hour/hour-and-half, which flew by as we drank local beer and people-watched. We weren't disappointed and were a diverse group. I'm vegan, my boyfriend loves eccentric ingredients, and we were accompanied by his rather conservative mother from Tuscan. Regardless of our tastes this place was the perfect fit for all of us. The pizza is delicious. Paulie Gee's owner (we assumedly called him Paulie Gee) walks over and checks on everyone. It's a great touch that makes you love the place even more. Now while I admit their menu is better than the Bushwick competition, I'd have to admit that the space isn't as large or flexible. It's dark and small, making it great for smaller groups or a date. The bar is sadly tiny but don't let this stop you from enjoying some of the greatest pie in Brooklyn. Do yourself a favor and try the hot honey, too!
This review has been years in the making. Paulie Gee's has been on my to-go list for longer than any other pizza place. The problem is they're only select hours in the evenings and can be very crowded any time they're open. This is a really nice and fairly spacious industrial space with a romantic charm to it. The menu is almost entirely personal sized pizzas ($13-18). Most pizzas are in the $16-18 range which makes it one of the most expensive pizza's I've personally had. In addition the service was very from attentive so it had to be darn good pizza to warrant a good review. Turns out 400+ reviewers can't be wrong, Paulie Gee's makes a darn good pizza. The wood burning brick oven helps to create an incredibly moist and light dough with charred with just enough crunch to give some structural integrity to the pizza. There was no scraps of crust tossed aside by the end of the meal. Me and my girlfriend split a Regina (Margherita), and a Ricotta Be Kiddin' Me (fresh mozzarella, Canadian bacon, sweet Italian fennel sausage, fresh basil and post-oven fresh ricotta dollops). We loved both but the sauce was so bright and fresh on the Regina that we kept going back to that one. This is the kind of pizza place that you leave not feeling guilty because it was so fresh and light that it didn't feel like you just broke your diet. Unfortunately at the same time it also doesn't leave you all too full so make sure to have some drinks and a dessert or better yet, another pizza. I would definitely put Paulie Gee's on my top 20 pizza places but they didn't quite dethrone DiFaras and Lucali as holding steady at the top of the pack.
Went here about a year ago - so good that here I am on New Year's Day thinking about how I need to go back! Service was great, pizza was awesome, and I really liked the atmosphere.
Paulie Gee's is a special place that serves some delicious pizza with really unique toppings. Per Scott's (of Scott's Pizza Tours) recommendation I grabbed a few friends (6 is ideal with each pie having 6 slices) and ordered the following: Greenpointer (no prosciutto) + Daniela Spinaci Hellboy + Anise and Anephew Spectacle 261 + Cherry Jones Each pie was different and special in their own way. Personally, my favorite was the Hellboy and Greenpointer. I'd highly recommend Paulie Gee's to anyone. At the very least you'll be trying something you can't get just anywhere!
What a cool place! Who would have thought this little gem was hiding on this Brooklyn street. The Hellboy and brews where great. Not to mention Paulie stopped by to check on us. Fantastic service, fantastic pie. I will be back and encourage others.
Unfortunately the service of this place has gone down hill and the servers follow the rule of thumb that the customer is always wrong.   After patiently waiting 50 minutes for my table (so not waiting ever again), we were seated and I was constantly kicked by every wait staffer that walked by.  Yeah and not a singled one said I was sorry because I should feel honored to be in their presence.  Don't bother apologizing as it is my fault for being in your way.   At the end of the night, I noticed the shoulders and left back panel of my coat was covered in flour. I asked our waitress Lisa what was all this on my coat. Rather than be courteous and customer service orientated, she accused me of dropping my coat and getting it dirty!  Hello SERVICE @ Paulie Gee.  She examined  my coat  like a CSI agent because she did not believe me.  She took it under the light under a bar and then turned the light on by the bar... Because the customer is always wrong!  At the end, she asked what she expected the restaurant to do... Ummm I was like well after dragging my coat all over the bar, you should be at the very least paying for my dry cleaning ... Like she should have offered at the beginning of this confrontation. However I should not have to tell you what and how customer service works.  I am never coming back here which saddens me but at the same time... Not!  This place has turned into a Chucks Cheese place for hipsters where people bring their kids and takes up tables (luckily no one was hit with a kid chair when I was there). So there are plenty of great pizza places that I am willing to share with you that isn't hyped up and filled with clueless customer service un-orientated waitresses like Lisa.
Best vegan pizza I have ever had. I would give it 5 stars if they delivered. In fact they would have at least 10% of my salary if they did. The wait when you get there can be discouraging, but it is worth it.
All food was outstanding and the service was great!!  A must for a pie and Mexican Coke if you are in the area!!
Rushing to make a concert, Porko and I called in two pizzas for pick-up: The Mootz and The Greenpointer. The crust on both pizzas was fantastic (crusty but soft), and the ingredients (cheese, pepper, olive oil) were of great quality.  But for some reason, it felt like the final product was less than the sum of its parts.  There was something missing, and I can't quite figure out what it was.  It's not that we left it sitting for too long (we munched on it in the car), but I don't know.  Maybe we needed tomatoes. However, the pizza is still enough to draw me back for another shot.  I'm intrigued, and hoping my next experience is better!
I honestly do not know what all of the fuss is about, the pizza here was pretty good but it is not the greatest pizza around like every reviewer seems to think.  We came in late on a Friday night, the restaurant was crowded but we were able to sit immediately.  The one thing that struck me about the environment was how dim the lighting was in here, almost a little too dark.  The service was fine and the food came out promptly, but I have definitely had better pizza in NYC and even in Greenpoint. We ordered a Feel Like Bacon Love and a Ricotta Be Kiddin' Me, both pizzas were obviously made with high quality ingredients and the toppings all tasted great, unfortunately I cannot say the same about the dough.  Both pies were almost burnt on the bottom, they were a bit crispy and it was just too cooked for my tastes.  Thats really my probem with the pies here, everyone is praising the char but for me that's just no good, I'd rather get a pie at Fornino's any day of the week.
Let me start by saying I'm not a fan of fancy pizza. I was born and raised in queens, I like my pizza by the slice with pepperoni or mushrooms, or sometimes plain with a jamaican beef patty (It's a Queens thing); not a fan of multiple-topping-specialty-pizzas like hawaiian pizza, bbq chicken pizza, or whatever else pizzahut/domino's comes up with. With that said, I was expecting this to be something like california pizza kitchen (which I hate) and in some ways it was. Example: white pizza. Yuck! I looked for what closest resembled "normal pizza" and to me that was the "Dellboy." It was fancy cheese that I can't pronounce, fancy tomatoes that I don't recall, and berkshire something which turned out to be sausage. In normal english, it was a 12-inch personal pizza with cheese, tomato sauce and fancy pepperoni. It was great! The tomato sauce was tangy and juicy, pepperoni-like thingy was pepperoni to me. It was good. If you're a classic pizza kind of guy, order this. If you're taking your dad here and he's one of those that likes what he likes and doesn't try anything new, order this. It's call the dellboy. My friends ordered something with bacon and maple syrup on cheese with no tomato sauce. It wasn't that great. It's not pizza without tomato sauce. Didn't like it. Oh and there's hip beer here. Afterall this is THAT part of Brooklyn.
Chad the barkeep steered me to good pizza and good beer. Always important. Started out with the Black Duck Porter from Greenport, need to get out there one of these days! Ordered the Ricotta Be Kidding Me pizza, tried the mikes hot honey, the sweetness isn't overpowering, plenty of picante to the taste. Seems to complement the pork on the pizza. However, I personally like the hot oil better, no sweetness just the chile heat. The ricotta is great, the fennel sausage tasty, the crust is chewy and a bit elastic. Charred on the bottom, and the scent of the charred basil is nice as well. Price seems reasonable, very crowded. Glad I got here when I did because now the queue is pretty deep. Excellent place, a bit of a challenge due to the crowds, but for 1 person it's manageable!
Magical topping combinations + adorable ambiance + good crust = pizza heaven. Not to mention, fresh local ingredients and a nice wine list. We had the Delboy with the hot honey and it was amazing. I still crave it weeks later. I would go back in a heartbeat.
All I have to say is.. Mike's Hot Honey! I am obsessed and keep raving about how good their Hellboy pizza is. I'm a sucker for savory foods! Their dough is so light and airy, it compliments all the intense sweet, spicy and salty flavors very well. I will be coming back again, and again, and again, and will tell all my pizza lover friends about it for sure! Give this place a try, I love ordering their pies to go and eating right by the waterfront which is right down the block. Nothing like great pizza with a gorgeous view! It's a cute date idea!
I'd like to reflect upon Ryan D.'s review. While rude service is never acceptable, if you've ever worked at a newly-opened restaurant, you understand how hard it is to find and retain great FOH staff. I don't know Paulie Gee personally, but from everything I've read, heard, and tasted, he is a person (and a chef) who really, truly gives a shit. And while inexperienced servers are unavoidable in food service, a genuinely involved chef-owner like Paulie is rare. The kinks will be worked out, if they haven't been already. Let's focus on the pizza! King Harry: A+ Regina: A Greenpointer: A- (tried this on their second day open, the arugula totally dominated the pizza but the ratio has since improved) Paulie Gee, keep it up! So proud that you chose our 'hood as your new home. If you ever need some eager, pizza-obsessed dorks to weigh out your 00, holler.
Favorite pizza place in the city. Hands down. Get either of the pies with the hot honey, you will thank yourself later. Gates of Eden salad is a must. Say hi to Paulie, he was on the Katie Couric show for God's sake!
I love this place.  Go and eat the Hellboy and the Cherry Jones are my favorite.  The Arugula Schmugula is also faaaaantastic. Drink the Gragnano.  It's so good. Go to here.
Came here during the summer for the first time.  Great place, albeit, a little dark.  The pizza was very good.  We tried several different ones and all were good choices.  We also spoke with the owner or manager while standing outside and he was a very nice and personable.  I highly recommend this place.
In food quality, Paulie Gee's is the best! Especially for pizza. It was absolutely delicious. It also doesn't hurt that Paulie Gee is a wonderful and sweet guy. It's been a while since I've been back, but the pizza dough is just cooked right. It's chewy, but not doughy and has a wonderful flavor to it. The sauce is not too tomatoey (I don't like too tomatoey). Everything of course i made fresh. The dessert pizza, nutella and pear, is practically to die for. I always make sure to leave room for it. The decor is really cute. It's like you're eating inside a barn. Oh! And they also have the Manhattan coffee! I think that's what it's called...it's basically a coffee flavored soda. Definitely try it.
So good! Yes, it's worth the hype. The hell boys definitely the best but all of the pizzas are amazing. Can't wait to go back. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the service wasn't great but it wasn't awful. Yummy. Hot honey - so brilliant! Drooling.
OK Officially the BEST pizza I have had in New York. So. frieken. delicious. Highly recommend. I went with a group so we tried nearly all of the Pie's. My favorites were the Greenpoint, the Margarita with spicy/hot honey (not sure the name), and the Margarita with Suppressata and spicy/hot honey (also not sure the name). I have never had a pizza with hot/spicy honey before and it is SO SO delicious. Ambiance also gets 5 stars. This spot is smallish but has high ceilings and an awesome warehouse vibe. Dim lighting but not too dark. Cool because you can see them making the pies in the back. The owner Paulie Gee is also super nice and chill. I DEFINITELY recommend this spot (although its reviews clearly speak for itself already).
The wait time is Worth it! I love pizza and Paulie Gee's is my top 3 Pizza restaurants. The Pizza comes out fast so you don't have that long of a wait once you know what you're getting and the sizes are pretty good so you can always get like 2-3 pizza depending on how many people go. They also have Vegan which is great and very tasty! The only thing I would change/moderate is the salads they only have 2 options and I love salad on top of my Pizza and they don't have many choices.
I freakin' love pizza. And I FREAKIN' LOVE PAULIE GEE'S! And no, I don't say that about all the other pizza places. I really mean it with this one. It was like love upon first bite. The Hellboy really caught my eye with its description of sausage, cheese, and spicy honey. Then the explosion of sweet and spicy flavors on a perfectly doughy crust caught my tongue. If I could marry that pizza, I would.
How can you not give this place 5 stars? Whenever I'm in Brooklyn I head to Paulie Gee's. The pizza is phenomenal! My personal favorites are the Hell Boy, which features sopressata and a spicy honey, or the Greenpointer, which is covered with fresh mozzarella, arugula, olive oil & lemon juice. The crust is light and crispy and the toppings are fresh. Each pizza is a unique combination with flavors that explode in your mouth! The decor is dark and cozy like most places in Greenpoint. I love the rustic feel of the place and it is always full of activity, even towards the end of the evening. You can get a front row view of the pizza oven and watch all the action occur! This pizza making is an art! Paulie is usually walking around making sure everyone is happy, a sign of a good restaurant owner. Just writing this review, I'm drooling and trying to figure out the next time I can get back there. I just might have to make the 3 hour drive on a Saturday night only to turn around an go home, it's THAT good! Trust me!
Pizza was amazing. Space was great. A near perfect experience .
Definitely a top 3 contender for best pizza in NYC.  I love the variety of their menu..so many pizza choices!  Service is quite good, and the pizzas come out quickly.  Wine list is solid and reasonably priced.  I love any of the pies with the hot honey.   Waits can be very long on the weekends, and my biggest qualm is that there really isn't a great place to wait like there is at Roberta's.  Warm days are easier since you can wait outside.  Worth the wait though.
Paulie Gee's, never have I heard a name more unmatched with the restaurant. I hear the name Paulie Gee's and I think of a dive pizzaria in some shitty hole-in-the-wall in Queens. PGs is completely different. It has that rustic Brooklyn vibe that is so popular these days (kind of a cross between saloon and old-world Italian eatery). There are a lot of naked wood beams, exposed brick, tin ceiling with paint peeling off, etc. But there's also a huge brick pizza oven in the back! Wifey and I had been to the restaurant in this location before PGs which couldn't have been set up more differently (previously had an open/minimalist vibe), but I definitely had a great experience here. We shared The Gates Of Eden salad (seasonal greens, gorgonzola, house candied walnuts, red onions, dried cherries, bosc pear and red wine vinaigrette) which was excellent. Normally I don't like red onion in my salads but it added that kick and crunch it needed. Also, I LOVED the dried cherries! Most salads like this have dried cranberries and the cherries were much larger and more plump (even though they were dried). Needed more candied walnuts though. Also shared Delboy pizza (fior di latte, italian tomatoes, sopressata picante and parmigiana reggiano). It was awesome! For an unrefined rock-eater like me, I would say it's like a pepperoni pizza but twice as good. The waitress was very nice, attentive and suggested a few drinks choices to go with our food that went down nicely. The deserts looked great but we were too full so I guess we'll just have to go back.
I've had a lot of NYC pizza and this place is fantastic. The pizza is great, very fresh ingredients, amazing crust. It gets crowded and a bit loud but it's very friendly and you can head down the block to Brouwerij Lane while you wait for a table. If you're in Brooklyn and you're over Roberta's you have to give Paulie Gee's a taste.
Oh Paulie Gee! You are the cutest. i love that he walks around chatting to the guests. and while i was eating my fennel salad and thinking, hhmm this isn't exactly what i thought it would be, he appeared asking what i thought and if i would order it again and what i would change. it was easy to be honest with him and he explained why they didn't slice the fennel that way and why a specific vinaigrette was chosen. it's rare you get to have that kind of dialogue with a business owner and not feel pressured in your answer. obvi the pizza is just amazing. every damn pie. we dream about this place at home.
Amazing pizza, probably the best I've had in Brooklyn, be sure to try something with the honey hot sauce, simply divine! Just don't come here on a Saturday night and expect to get a table with less than an hour wait
I was recommended Paulie Gee's by some friends of mine who actually knew Paulie. It was a great meal but we had a very frustrating experience with the hostess. Apparently one can make reservations here but the hostess told that that was not the case. We were a party of six, only two of us arrived and so there were no tables available for 6 at that time. Ok, so can we put our name down? No. They don't take names down, the hostess said. .... What?? I understand not seating an incomplete party but not taking names down? What??? Anyway, when the friends who knew Paulie got there we were seated soon after. Paulie, by the way, was super friendly and engaged us quite often about the pizza, other pizzas and just pizza in general. The pizzas themselves didn't necessarily change my life but they were delicious and they came out fast. Among the six of us we got: -The Hellboy - I think I had tried this "hot honey" sauce before at Best Pizza. It's a very unique taste. It's not overwhelmingly sweet and the spice creeps up on you. I have friends that always walk out of their with bottles and though I didn't feel the same way the taste is one I won't forget, and this pizza was a great simple introduction to it. -Red, White and Greenberg - This pizza was fantastic! It was more of a white pizza but with the guanciale and red onions you wouldn't even know. I'm not usually a fan of white pizzas but this one was great. -Spectacle 261 - I haven't had the Roberta's pie this was modeled after but it was nice. The speck was a refreshing addition but otherwise it wasn't too memorable. -Anise and Andrew - this was another light pizza that avoided the heavy feeling one might normally incur eating 6 pizzas (though there were 6 of us so it came out to basically a pizza each. We ordered some extra hot honey which worked well on this pizza. -Cherry Jones - Perhaps this should be in the desserts? This pizza was very sweet with the gorgonzola and cherries. I almost wish this dish was placed towards the beginning as its taste was VERY strong and definitely of its own ilk. Not my favorite but interesting nonetheless. -Hellified Porkpie White - Again, we return to white pizza territory and the other 'hot honey' pizza on the menu - this was probably my favorite. It was like the Hellboy but with a hella more meat: sopressata, fennel sausage - oh man, I'm getting really hungry just thinking about this one. This should definitely be on your table the next time you eat here. We also ordered the Gates of Eden but it could no way compete with the mountain of carb that hit our table. Lovely atmosphere, great pizza, and a swell owner to boot. Paulie Gee's is worth the wait and worth your time!
For all of my pizza-eating life, I've been looking for that absolutely perfect pizza crust. Not too thin and crispy, but not too doughy. A little bit of char, with a lotta bit* of chew. Thankfully, after years of testing and tasting, I can call off the search and just head on over to Paulie Gee's! Prepare for ultimate crust satisfaction! All crust aside, Hundreds of Yelp reviews aren't wrong - this place is absolutely as good as they say. Some of the best pizza (if not THE best) I've ever had, in a relaxed and rustic setting. Great service and great food. What could be better? My three friends and I got four pies to share and it was the perfect amount (they're medium-sized, 4-6 large slices each). Of COURSE we had to go for the Cherry Jones and the Hellboy, but we also ordered two pizzas off the Secret Menu: The Mootz (a classic white pizza) and the Famous Original A (sweet Italian fennel sausage, tomatoes and sliced red onion). The winner hands-down for me was the Cherry Jones for its unique flavor combo, but they were all fantastic. The hot honey on the Hellboy is indeed awesome, Yelpers. And the PIZZA CRUST! We already went over that. Paulie was making the rounds that night and stopped by our table twice to check in on us and chat. What a lovely guy. A lovely guy who obviously knows how to make outstanding pizza. *Yeah, I make up phrases now. The crust is that good, you guys.
Love! Great pizza, with interesting toppings, nice atmosphere, good service and Paulie always comes over to say hi :))  The Greenpointer is my fave!
Best pizza in Brooklyn. I always get the Hellboy- love that mildly spicy maple drizzle atop my pizza! Ricotta Be Kiddin Me also a good choice if you're looking for something a lil richer. Service and ambience here are spectacular. The owner always walks by and asks how things are. Great date place- pretty dark and rustic, but not overly fancy. Mmm...the crust though! So thin and crispy!Just go try a pie- you won't regret it!
The interior feels very much like a warmly lit cabin. Lots of wood and candles. It's also very spacious with several tables that easily accommodate 8 people. The first time I went (last summer) there were no beers or wine available but now there is! I can't remember the breweries but the pilsner and the IPA were both crowd pleasers. ANYWAY. The mootz. I love garlic. I love the mootz. It's basically a white pizza with basil and garlic. so simple, so delicious. The Anise and Anephew. We got it without meat, so it was cheese and fennel and braised fennel root. Really fresh. I also happen to love with the dough gets a little charred so I was very pleased. We split 4 pizzas & 2 salads between 6 people it was the perfect amount. Time for full disclosure: As much as I do like this place....I tend to prefer Motorino, despite how crowded it is. I know i know i know. Many reviewers of PG's don't agree...but that's just my opinion.
Paulie Gee's is the place to be! Oui Oui! Mama Mia, Papa Pia! Pizza Pizza! When it comes to pizza, Paulie Gee's knows where it's at. FOOD: Delicious! We ordered two pies as we were advised that is a good amount for a party of two. It was just the right amount. We were satisfied and not super stuffed. We had the: - Cherry Jones: An amazing blend of sweet and salty at the same time. Makes your mouth explode. If you are not a huge cherry fan, don't worry, you won't even realize they are cherries. The prosciutto and mozarella cheese had a great contrast and complement to the bing cherries. A MUST HAVE!!! - Hellboy: One of their staples! You can't not come here and not have this pie either. Fair warning, it's got quite the spicy kick to it. HONEY ON TOP? Who would have thought? It provides a surprising and delicious complement to the spiciness of this pie. The spicy isn't overwhelming but it does linger on. The sopresatta is delicious and you will not be disappointed with this pie. SERVICE: Very attentive and sort of Brooklyn trendy as well. Can be a bit rushed at times to bring dishes but don't take it the wrong way, they are just busy sometimes. We came at 5:15 PM and it wasn't too busy. If we had got there at 6 PM there would have been a 30 min wait. Paulie Gee walks around and greets you and gets your feedback so it's nice to see the owner care for his business like that. He did promise me a drink that he never followed up on, so that was a little disheartening, but all good. No harm, no foul. ATMOSPHERE: Has a industrial, wine cellar vibe. I love seeing the oven in the far back and all the furniture and fixtures similar but nothing is exactly the same. The place has a very dim lighting and can seat small or large parties. They have a bar seating area as you come in and a decent amount of space for people who are waiting. I would recommend coming at 5-6PM as the wait can get long when the weather gets warm. SUMMARY: GREAT place for some of Brooklyn's finest pizza. I would definitely come back and bring friends to try. I would suggest two of the finest signature dishes in the Hellboy and the Cherry Jones. If you are near Greenpoint, this is a must have!
Truth.  The BEST Napoletana pie ever. Worth the drive from New Jersey to Brooklyn. Excellent wine list (yes, good wine w/ pizza) and the freshest ingredients and most creative pies. The Red White & Greenberg: Guanciale, pickled red onions and fior di latte.......amazing. The Del Boy:  Tomatoes, fior di latte and sopressata and tomatoes.....heavenly. The Brian DeParrma:  Tomatoes and Parmigiana Reggiano......perfect. Loved it.  Thank you Paulie G. A dream come true.
Great thin crust Napoli pizza.  Good beer.  Good music.  Funky vibe.  If you're intimidated by funky,  don't come but if you want a great evening,  great food,  great music,  put his on your list. We tried tried the Greenpointer with Procuto.   Awesome!  The other pizza with saprosota which is what pepperoni wants to be when it growa up.
Awesome decor Gourmet pies Super comfy great service Paulie G actually sat down and had a little chat with us, really nice guy.
The Hellboy is absolutely delicious. It has a great combination of sweet, salty, and spicy. The pizzas are all medium pies. The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh, and the taste is dynamic. The owner Paulie Gee is such a sweetheart and often walks around the restaurant asking about the food. Our waiter Cody was also very attentive to our needs and refilled our waters. I couldn't say the same for some of the other waiters/waitresses who had very thirsty customers. The ambiance is very relaxing. I came on a Tuesday night around 9 pm, and the placed required a 30-minute wait. If you come during peak hours (especially weekend dinners), you will be looking at quite a long wait.
Everyone (and their moms) seems to love this place, so the hubby and I decided to check it out on Sunday night.  We got there around 8:00ish so, needless to say, it was packed.  We had to wait about 30 minutes, but we were able to wait comfortably at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly and poured some super tasty beers for us.  Off to a good start. We were seated within the time we were quoted, another plus, at a really cute little table.  The whole atmosphere was decked out in wood, with pretty dim candle lighting, natural tones and some big pipe type and iron wheel type things that made you think of a fancy old warehouse.  Sound like an oxymoron?  Well, that's the only way I can think to describe it.  It was pretty sweet. We ordered their Gates of Eden salad, which was phenomenal, and a pizza to share.  We wanted to try something off the beaten path, so we got the baconmarmalade pizza.  I had no idea what to expect, but the bacon marmalade was a-ma-zing.  Super weird, but in a good bacony way.  I was very pleased. So what's up with the 3 stars, you might be wondering.  Really good salad and pizza, tasty beers, funky atmosphere, friendly bartender...what gives?  Well, I hate to complain, but there were a few key negatives: 1. Our tasty food was served with a bit of an attitude.  Our waitress brought us our salad and promptly forgot about us.  This would have been fine if she had also brought silverware, which she didn't.  We tried to get her attention for several minutes to no avail.  Instead we just looked at our salad, tummies rumbling, no forks in sight.  When we finally successfully flagged her down 10 minutes later, she was less than apologetic.  I thought a little bit of "Oh, I'm sorry I forgot such a key item to restaurant dining!" was warranted, but we got a bland and apathetic "Oh.  Right.  I'll get that."   2. The pizza crust was kind of burnt.  Like black-around-the-edges, had-a-firepit-taste-to-it burnt.  Again, the pizza was still tasty, but I prefer not burnt crust. 3. Call me an old lady, but it was freakin' LOUD in the dining room.  Not in the bar, but in the actual food room.  And not because of the other patrons, but because they were blasting rock music at top volume.  Seemed incongruous with the chill atmosphere.  I felt like I had to yell to talk to my husband sitting one foot from me.  It seems like a chill place to take a group, unless you actually want to be able to talk to more than one person at once.  Just turn down the volume a little...it's not a club. To summarize, food and drinks = good.  No silverware and loud music = bad.  We got out of there for around $65 for two people with food and drinks, which seemed kind of pricey for what it was.  But I guess that's the going rate for fancy single serving pizza places. All-in-all, I liked Paulie Gee's.  It's not my fave, but I'll probably go back.
Snoop said it best: "Gee's up, hoes down."
This place is a lot different than I thought (based on the logo). I had read some great reviews on the web and some friends from the area had wanted to take me there for quite some time. The interior is really rustic and I loved the old doors and vintage water pump. I got the Porkpie White with chunks of fennel sausage, soppressata, and basil. Now that I think of it, I should have added some of the Mike's Hot Honey after trying it on someone else's pie. Prices range from $11-17 per pie and it's definitely enough to share or have entirely to yourself like I did. The owner, Paulie is super friendly too!
Really 4.5 stars. But half a star off because the waitress dropped our pizza right in front of us and on my bf..which was pretty funny but not to him of course. Well it turned out okay since she comped that one off our bill. We got the hellboy and the in ricotta da vita. I really like both of the pizzas. Thin crusted, flavorful, the ingredients tasted fresh. What's not to like. Very comparable to Roberta's. and I like that they pay homage to Roberta's on their menu. The wait here is pretty bad. The first time I attempted to eat here the line was ridiculous. The second time we came when it first opened and those seats even filled up quickly. So if you don't want to wait, I suggest coming no more than 5 minutes after this place opens, especially on a weekend.
By far the best pizza i've ever had i loved everything about this place, the salad the ambiance, the soup, beers Paulie came and sat with us for a good portion of our meal, great guy! (accepts CC)
Great fresh pizza! Went with a few friends to try it out. The atmosphere is very romantic. That dark candle lit sort of thing. Shared two vegan pies with my friend. We got the In Ricotta Da Vegan and a custom pie. The In Ricotta Da Vegan had Italian Tomatoes, House Made Vegan Sausage, Post-oven House Made Cashew Ricotta Dollops, Baby Arugula and Extra Virgin Olive Oil. It was a very tasty pie! Everything seemed super fresh and it was hard to put down. The custom pie was the Simply Red with House Pickled Red Onions and Nutritional Yeast.  I think there may have been mushrooms on it too. Also super yummy and fresh. They make a good pickled red onion. Ovenly Vegan Salted Chocolate Chip Cookies were a great way to finish the meal. I will absolutely come back here with friends and share a few pies or if I want to go on a romantic pizza date, which, believe me, is something I would enjoy very much!
This place is really good. I would rate it 4.5 really and the only thing that stops me from giving it 5 stars is the fact that I like Robertas slightly better. By half a point. The pizza here is really good though. There were 4 of us and tried different pizzas and we were all impressed. If I lived nearby I would frequent this place.
This place is pretty awesome and I say this as someone who has tried dozens of Neapolitan pizza shops around the city. Party of two on a Saturday night. We arrived at 7 pm and we ended up waiting 50 minutes for our table. I knew waits got long, but I had no idea at 7 pm for 2 it would be that long! There was such a huge crowd waiting and parties of 4+ were quoted wait times well over an hour. A party of 8 was told 2 - 2.5 hours and decided to wait anyway. You can technically sit at the bar (first come, first served), and order from the full menu, but there are literally only 4 or 5 seats there, so not the best option. Plus, not as comfortable. We had had ample time to look at the menu while waiting, so we knew what we were going to get and ordered right away. Cherry Jones - this is such a unique pizza. If you're into trying something you can't get anywhere else, I'd recommend this one. Mozzarella, Gorgonzola, Prosciutto di Parma, Dried Bing Cherries, and Orange Blossom Honey. Crazy, right? Great combo, delicious. The Gorgonzola cheese they used did not have an overpoweringly blue cheese taste like some can, so it worked really well and did not take over the entire pizza. I would actually recommend getting this with sopressata piccante instead of prosciutto. The prosciutto really adds nothing to it, but the sopressata would add a nice spicy kick. No tomato sauce on this pizza. Simply Red with fresh garlic and basil - well when this pizza first came out, it was dripping in oil and I had no idea why because I said no olive oil on top. It turns out that the basil is coated in oil before cooking it. This isn't done any where else, trust me. So they brought me a new one without the basil being coated in oil. If you add basil to a pizza and just want fresh basil without oil, specify that. Once they fixed the oil, I have to say it was delicious. Given that there isn't much on the pizza, the few ingredients there are become extremely important. Dough was fantastic - I asked for it lightly done, so it came out doughy the way I like it. The tomato sauce was ample and delicious. It had a bit of a tart taste to it instead of a sweeter taste, which I like. The fresh garlic was sliced thin and spread throughout the pizza and the basil was fresh. Even though it was super busy, we didn't feel rushed and our server was attentive. I don't really know how she did it because she was waiting on so many tables. That is definitely one thing that could be improved here - there just aren't enough staff members. The host at the front desk is clearly super overwhelmed. She has to answer the phone, handle takeout orders, manage the waiting list, wipe tables, put menus on them. She is constantly running back and forth from the dining room to the kitchen to outside calling people's names to the bar area to talk on the phone. It is so inefficient and she really needs help. At most restaurants, the bar generally deals with to go orders and the hostess usually has a helper seating others. Also, they never wipe tables as far as I know. Other than being understaffed, it's great. The location is pretty out of the way, so I can't say I'll go back anytime soon, but would if it worked out. Also nice that Paulie is there all the time and checks in on the tables himself.
The honey they put on the pizza is amazing. I even ate the meat because the honey made it taste great.  The salads, soups and pizza are really good. We've been back several times.
Do you want to pay a lot for a fancy pizza? Of course, we all do! The thing is that there is almost no such thing as bad pizza so why pay a lot of money for bread and tomato sauce and cheese? If you're going to go drop all this dough on adult food why not go eat a good piece of meet or a salad? Why eat a dinner that is at least half bread? The pizza at Paulie Gee's IS great but so is all pizza, everywhere.
This place is so worth the trip...regardless of where you come from. Friend and I split the Delboy, Regina, and Cherry Jones (waitress rec). The Delboy and Regina were perfect examples of beauty in simplicity, the sopresseta on the Delboy was high quality. The Regina is a great cheese pizza. Our waitress recommended the Cherry Jones and it could almost double as a dessert pizza. The cherries and honey add a sweetness that would over the top if it wasn't for the saltiness of the prosciutto and cheese but it made for a great combination. The place is pretty cool as well, dark lighting which accentuates the oven in the back. Paulie will also stop by and ask how things are going. Can't complain about this place and think about it whenever I think about New York pizza.
Second time we go there after 5 months, still a very cool place with awesome music (stay ready to "shazam" it!) We saw a couple of differences in the preparation of the salad and in the pizza dough, I remember last time the crust war crunchy and this time was more soft. Still very good, even though I prefer the crunchy crust
Went here with my boyfriend for dinnner. Had a blah salad. But I must say the spicy honey pizza is awesome. Love this little restaurant.  I would dwf go back but not order the salad.
Best pizza in BK. Better than Roberta's, primarily because it's Gourmet pizza WITHOUT the Bushwick attitude that makes you want to wear earplugs through the entire meal. Cozy inside, nice dining experience, lots of crazy amazing pizzas, the boss is usually on site, staff is nice, olderish crowd. Long wait but it's worth it, go play pool at Lulus while you wait. Hot honey is divine, as are desserts by Ovenly. Nice area of Greenpoint, near the park. Come early is my advice. I forget what it's called but the pizza with arugula on it...get that.
We were a bit underwhelmed. We just went tonight as an after thought after acupuncture. We headed to Brooklyn to a restaurant that  was closed and confusing since the web site and phone message said they  were open and it was on  a Wednesday night!. So we were hungry  and annoyed at  our experience at  yelp.com/biz/tchoup-shop… So we thought  of Paulie Gee's that we saw on  Yelp. We didn't read reviews first but knew of the reputation we were  underwhelmed. It seems about a million of my friends that went to Paulie Gees.  I have to give 3 stars though I liked the Cherry Jones! The owner Mr G  came  over and asked us where we heard  of him  because he saw us taking pictures. ( we were not sitting near the pizza oven but I walked over to it and took pics) We told  him Yelp.  He said they  get  kind  of crazy on Yelp! He was schmoozing with everyone  but made a comment  about his favorite pizzerias and had pics on his cell it appears  he doesn't eat his own  product! I am sure after I post this review he will tell people he eats there all the time but it is not to his taste. My husband told him what neighborhood in Brooklyn he is from. Apparently they  grew up in the  same neighborhood.    Brooklyn  was once known for pizza  sauce. My husband told him I  am disappointed  there is not more sauce. In  fact  the pictures of the pizza Mr. G  liked had on his cell phone   a lot of sauce. But once my husband told him he was disappointed and would like more sauce the owner moved on to schmooze with  others and was giving out free shots of Limoncello. He's a nice guy but his pizza is really for tourists and those who are not used to good pizza IMO. The diners to the left  of us  were a large family of tourists. The diners to the right of us were a couple of  ding  dong posers pretending to be from Brooklyn but clearly were transplants   staring  at us. I guess we  are very  fascinating! Maybe they never saw a mixed couple before! I am sure they have not, they looked like   were from Podunk! We had the  regina pizza.  ior di latte, italian tomatoes, pecorino romano, olive oil and fresh basil. And the Cherry Jones fior di latte, gorgonzola cheese, prosciutto di parma, dried bing cherries and orange blossom honey. I am  a bit   cherry  obsessed so I really enjoyed it! I like the mixture of tastes of meat and fruit too! However where it falls short IMO is the regular pizza.  My husband was not impressed with the selection of beers either. But mainly we were dissapointed that  there was hardly any sauce and the sauce that was there was dry on  the regular pizza. (The  Regina) The Regina was supposed to have Olive Oil on it. But it was dry. The saving grace  was the crust  it was well done but not burned. Most of the newer pizzerias we have  tried have soggy pizza. This pizza was not soggy! However in my humble opinion  it is not worth  a trip from  any of the other boros unless you are cherry  obsessed  like me.  If you can't do regular pizza right you are  dazzling customers with a magic show of tricks like the hell boy.  But we can't be  fooled.  The pizza is just okay nothing special. There was hardly any sauce and the sauce that was there was dry! The pizza was small too for the price! It was not a NYC sized pie As  I said at least it was not soggy! I tried many times to take pictures of the oven but employees kept stepping in front of it like they  wanted their picture taken so I got a half shot.  (see picture) The decor was nice and I appreciate the effort now if only the effort was put into making good pizza!  Tourists and transplants and newbies to pizza  will  go here no matter what. This was just  our experience. We didn't hate  it. The cherry  Jones was unique. But we probably will not go back! There are  too many other better pizzas in the 5 boros. However I am grateful they were open when the other place was closed!
Love Paulie, he's amazing and his pizzas are delicious and super creative. This is where we always take people who are in town visiting, it's popular with everyone. The Greenpointer pizza is seriously the best pizza ever created. The only caveat is, I really wish they would add a gluten-free crust option!! I will eat the toppings off, but it would be cool if I could just eat it in the normal way.
They have a lot of pizzas with arugula as a dominating topping, but the crust, the freshness, the richness is all there. The atmosphere is dim and relaxing, though a bit too dark sometimes to read the menu. Great wine/beer selection to pair with your pizza. Much of the pizza selection is relatively healthy/light, but is contrasted by the richness of the toppings and your drink (whether it be a nice lager or a Riesling). I highly recommend the Greenpointer if you're in the mood for something light yet filling.  I'm not gonna write a huge review on this because the pizza itself is too good for words. You gotta come here and experience it on your own!
My girlfriend and I just had dinner here. we ate at Paulie G's a couple years ago and it was delicious so we decided to venture this way again. The service was fast and courteous and this was the best part of the dining experience. We had a 20 min wait and decided to have a glass of wine while we waited.  We ordered the same Malbec wine but for some reason mine was so bad I could not drink it while my gf's tasted totally different even though they were supposed to be the exact same. Now here is where i really have an issue with this dining experience.  The Pizza.  We ordered two pizza's that came to our table in about eight minutes.  We were both very surprised at how fast they arrived and thought there was no way they could have made and cooked both in that amount of time. When we dove into the pizza's because we were starving they both were extremely burnt and tasted like we were eating a half smoked cigar. The owner came by and was very pleasant and when we looked at our neighbors tables they had many uneaten pieces of pizza that looked very burnt. This is just a thought but maybe they should lower the heat of the pizza oven and send out a perfectly cooked pizza instead of a burnt 5 minute speed pie.
I've never done a yelp before but I felt compelled after my experience at Paulie Gee's. We ordered 4 pies for the table. As we were waiting for our last pie to show up the waitress told us they had run out of some sausage that was supposed to be on our pie and offered bacon in it's place. They were closing soon so we had no problem with that. About 2 minutes later our pie showed up, the crust was fairly burnt but I didn't think much of it. Before anyone could take a slice Paulie Gee himself walked up to the table and gave the burnt pie a serious look. He asked me to lift it up so he could see the bottom. I obliged. Immediately he said, "give that back to me" and took the pie away. About one minute later we had a perfect fresh pie. It was a truly fantastic experience and I highly recommend Pauly Gee's.
Holy Hell!  Maybe it's just because I'm not from around here, but this is the best damn pizza I've had in my life.  My local buddy who we are staying with picked a couple of pizzas he knew we would love.  One was cheesy with arugula and parm on top, and one had spicy, thin sliced sausage or pepperoni of some kind and honey!!!!  Both were amazing.  The spicy/ honey pizza was out of this damn world.  I don't know how to describe the flavor treat that happened in my mouth with these amazing toppings mixed with a perfect crust.  Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about, but I know it was real real good.
3.5 stars. Upon my visit last week, the interior surpassed my expectations. For some reason, I thought it was going to be a bit more casual and not as moody. But then I remembered that it was designed by the same people that did Manhattan Inn, hOmE. I enjoy both spaces a lot. I am glad that this type of aesthetic and consciousness has caught on. The bathroom details are pretty incredible at Paulie Gee's. The service was good but not memorable. On to the pizza. We ordered 4 pies amongst 5 of us. We had pretty big appetites from some casual tasting at Brouwerij Lane a few doors down. We ordered the: Marianna - Italian tomatoes, chopped fresh garlic, Pecorino Romano, sea salt King Harry - fior di latte, Italian tomatoes, prosciutto di Parma, Pecorino Romano, fresh basil Parma d'Or - fior di latte, baby arugula, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, prosciutto di Parma, shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano A special with sausage from Meat Hook All ranging from 11-17 dollars, I was a bit disappointed by the value. The pizzas could be a bit larger and the dough would be better if it was more airy and had more salt/flavor. Maybe some really good sprinkled sea salt atop the pizzas would suffice. Though I suppose for a highly anticipated pizza place with good quality ingredients, one can't expect it to be any cheaper. The Parma d'Or was by far the favorite - the arugula and the lemon juice were a perfect balance atop the heavier, but delicious, mozzarella and proscuitto. The un-favorite of the evening was the $3 mexican soda and $5 van leewuen ice cream... one's bill could really grow here without knowing it. I still think Pizza Moto, at the Brooklyn Flea, is far superior.
This is just another five star review. You probably don't need to read this. Just go eat here. I took my father to Paulie's over the holidays. He's a big pizza connoisseur and has had most of Manhattan's offerings, so it was off to Brooklyn to expand our horizons. He put it perfectly: it's all in the crust. Chewy. Crispy. Charred. Thin. Flavorful. It takes skill to get all of those in one pie. As for the flavors... they're good. But anyone can put non-traditional stuff on top of a pizza. I can go home and reproduce the Cherry Jones (honey, gorgonzola, cherries, mozz, and prosciutto), but I could never make that crust. It tastes like eating a crispy campfire with a chewy center. The waits can be stupid long, but they pizza is really good. And if you're lucky, Paulie himself will be making the rounds and chatting up the crowd. He's a great guy and I'd love to sit down over pizza and learn his story. He's as genuine as people come these days.
This place is almost the pizza place I wanted it to be. Great atmosphere, plenty of seating, Paulie front and center making pizzas, and Mexican coke. The crust is spot on, the sauce bright sweet fantastic! My only complaint is that Paulie doesn't use buffala mozzarella. Paulie please add a pie with buffala, please. It would make my life complete.
Grace Jones--sub-par Bond villain. Cherry Jones--superb pizza pie. It really is as freaking tasty as everyone says. But there are tons of other uber tasty, quirky named pies available if you prefer to go the more traditional route. Though their unique hot honey pizzas are also so scrumptious. I don't really understand why Paulie Gee's opened up way down here, way out of the way, but damn they are always busy and there is always an evening wait so seems they are doing great. Be sure to do take-out or go on off-hours if you don't want to wait outside. Mr. Paulie Gee (if that is his real name) roves the floor and makes amusing small talk with tables. Decent beer/wine selection as well. Because we're talking $17 bucks for many of the pizza pies, I make it a special occasion to come here, but when I do damn, those are some tasty pizzas!
The decor is pretty nifty - sort of like they raided an old farmhouse attic, threw all the furniture and together and furnished a restaurant.  So the ambiance is pretty good is what I'm saying.  The menu gives you a relatively small selection of pizzas but the group I was with liked what we got - I remember high praise being used for the King Harry and the Regina, as well as the Gates to Eden salad.  The pizzas are just enough for one person for dinner, but might come up lacking if you're more than a little hungry.  I did think they were maybe one or two dollars more expensive than you could get elsewhere, but that's probably the built-in surcharge of eating at one of the vanguards of gentrification. Also this place doesn't have a liquor license yet so you better hit up some of the close by bars if you want to make a night out of it.  But it looks like once they get the license they should have a pretty kickin' bar.
This place is a must if you're in the neighborhood.  There's something for everyone, including vegan options. Interesting and non-traditional combinations.  Consistently great! Paulie always swings by to check how you're enjoying your pizzas.  Check this place out!
Another great addition to a block that's becoming quite the culinary destination in Northern Brooklyn and a great alternative to the other overcrowded pizza places in the greater neighborhood. Been hearing about Paulie Gee's for a while so decided to check it out on a Saturday night.  Promptly seated and quickly served.   Many of the pizzas on the menu are vegetarian.  The night we were there, the specials card listed vegan substitution choices as well: soy Italian sausage and Daiya cheese.  I hope this becomes a regular part of the menu because this would be a huge thing for us veggies.  Paulie Gee's would not be the first vegan joint in the hood (that honor goes to Vinnie's) but they would be the first "fancy pizza" that does this.     We had the Regina (a special pizza that usually comes with sweet Italian sausage, we subbed in soy) and Mariana (the Marinara renamed but very delicious).   The crust has a nice burnt bitterness to it, without going over the top.  I'd say it's lighter and thinner than the other similar pizzas in the neighborhood, closer to Lombardi's before it became overrun by tourists.  Toppings are modest in amount, though, so it's a perfect match.  These are much lighter pizzas than Motorino or Fornino.   Also, another important point: air conditioning! Nice and cold air conditioning.  So key for the summer.  Can't wait for the liquor license!
The best pizza in Williamsburg/Greenpoint! You must try the Hellboy. Mike's hot honey is delicious! The Gates of Eden salad and the Greenpointer pizza are also excellent! Get there early when they open to avoid the long wait.
This place is awesome...The space is super cool, the pizzas consisitently good and interesting...the chick pea salad is great to split while waiting for your pizza..The wine list is fun and has good quality/responsibly priced bottles. I don't really go back to restaurants over and over since there are so many in NYC, but I've been here 3 times in the last few months and I don't even live in Greenpoint. Sometimes the Pauie Gee will come to your table and says hi...which I think  is pretty darn cute...
One of my all time favorite restaurants in Greenpoint. A MUST go to. Get anything and everything with the hot'n'honey sauce. Cherry Jones and Hell Boy are my favorite. Make sure to pair with a great wine.
This place is always packed, it's definitely worth the wait. Personally, I feel their pizza is better than Roberta's. The overall restaurant and their policies beat Roberta's by a landslide. Simply put, if you like pizza, you should most definitely try Paulie Gee's. Their hellboy is sweet and spicy, it's delicious, and Bryan de Parma is so fresh and tasteful!
One of the best pizza places in New York! I usually don't like to eat the crust, but at Paulie Gee's, I eat everything. Their crust has a great chewy texture. And, I love their unique toppings. I always ask spicy honey on the side, so I can dip the pizza slices in spicy honey. It is a perfect combination of sweet and savory. My favorite pie is definitely Cherry Jones.
If I could give this place 6 stars I would.  People who give anything less than 5 stars does not know anything about food.  The hellified pork pie white is seriously to die for. This is the first place I bring out of towners when they come visit NY.  Wish they had better beers, but it's a pizza joint, not a bar!
This is the tale of two pizzas. One is vegan and one is not. One is named "In Ricotta da Vegan" and one is named "In Ricotta da Vita." I ordered the former over the phone, not knowing that the latter existed. So I'm pretty stupid for being all like "wow, no wonder other vegans flip out about this place, that looks surprisingly like animal sausage, that's kinda incredible" but then I checked the box and it says "RDV" on the side so then I'm like, cool, it must be the right thing, a few bites later decide I'm really not down with the sausage stuff (and the pizza is kind of chilly in the middle anyhow). SO SICK that night, I can't even tell ya. And then I check the online menus the next day and there it is, proof that a vegan pizza order could be very easily mixed up with a non-vegan pizza order, especially when calling in. Dude, Paulie, WTF? Bad idea. BAD, BAD IDEA. I'm open to having my mind changed about this place but I would be very, very careful and probably very annoying with the number of times I'd repeat the word "vegan" -- maybe before every single word. Strike 1 of 3 for my vegan powers... gotta be more careful or the vegan police will come... womp womp!
Creative, but well within the neo-Neapolitan pizza mainstream.  Dynamite crust baked in a proper wood-fired brick oven, but it will be better once they can sell you wine with your meal.  I'd also prefer a slightly larger menu, like an app or two per night, as well as a pasta or two.   Go try this place for yourself, it'll be worth it.
I wish I could give more than five stars. This place is AMAZING. Since moving here three months ago, my boyfriend and I have tried soo many pizza places. We've found a couple that we really like... But Paulie Gee's? We LOVE it. The crust has that smoky, ever so slightly charred hint to it from the oven. It was crispy on the outside and the perfect texture on the inside. We ordered the Ricotta da Vita and Hellboy. Both really good. But the Hellboy? It's like a gift from heaven. The bf had a smile on his face the whole time. A tad bit on the pricey side for the size of the pizza, but the quality makes up for it. I would recommend 2 pizzas for every 2-3 (max) people.
Paulie has opened the door to a whole new world of pizza for me.  The days of pizza hut and dominoes are in the rear view mirror and I'm not looking back!  Chewy crusts and a very unique menu of flavors leads to an unmatched pizza experience.  The restaurant itself is cozy and has a very warm atmosphere.  Just be there to get there before the dinner rush hour to avoid long lines. To the Pizzas!: 1. Hellboy:  Spicy honey?  Ok, it's not really spicy but it's a nice sweet and spicy combo of flavors.  The meat is REALLY salty.  Maybe a bit too salty.  But overall pretty good. 2. Red, White and Greenburg:  The most unmemorable of the three I had but it was still good enough to leave me with a positive impression.  Carmelized onions are interestingly good... 3. Cherry Jones:  Eating this is like eating candy.  K, I admit I'm exaggerating, but it's alot sweeter than the two I mentioned above.  Really good pizza though, and one that will be imprinted into your taste buds. Only complaint about the pizzas as a whole is that they were usually wet underneath causing some of our pies to get slightly soggy.  Don't know why they were like that but in an ideal world, my pizzas wouldn't be swimming in pizza juice.  A tad expensive too, but worth the experience. Paulie G himself even stopped by twice to see how we were doing.  On the second trip, he said something to the effect of "is that your last pie?"  At this point we were stuffed, but my friend joked "It is unless you got one for us on the house!"  Paulie held up his hand to tell us to hold on a minute and within a minute, he was back with a delboy for us.  A little burnt but one he said he was going to throw away anyway.  Thank you Paulie.  You're a rockstar.
Best.pizza.ever. Hellboy is absolutely delicious. Very intimate. Very busy- you will wait for hours. It is what it is and its worth it. Wait for summer when you can wait outside!
Since I heard the news the Motorino's in  Brooklyn was closed, I am in the market for a replacement.  Something tasty and inexpensive for a nice close to home date night.   So w went there last night.  The pizza was pretty good,  not burnt but not perfectly crispy either.  We went there pretty early so the place wasn't too busy but the service was great and the owner was even there making the rounds. All this place is missing is a sweet outside patio.
What more can I say that reviewers before me hasn't said yet? Great pizza. If you're looking for more than just pizza like maybe pasta this ain't your place. Come back when all you want is a pie. And they have a lot to choose from. Vegetarian. All meat. Hot. Spicy. They got it. We got the Regina and Delboy. Love the Regina. Very simple but very good. My babe wanted the whole pie to herself. Fresh mozarella, italian tomatoes, pecorino romano, olive oil and fresh basil. Super love that combination. Delboy has the Berkshire Sopressata Piccante. Spicy dry cured sausage that's what it is. A little too salty for me. But still is good. Crust was a little bitter, not sure if it was meant to be like that but I didn't eat the end crusts because of that. Chocolate cake and Chocolate chip cooked for dessert. Nothing great about it worth mentioning except for the fact that it hit that sweet spot right on. Great meal at Paulie Gee's. Oh and yea, he (owner) managed to get to our table before we left. Even apologized for not making it sooner. Nice touch.
I've been here 5 or 6 times now. Pauli Gee's has never disappointed. Favorite pizza has to be the Hellboy. It looks like a regular pepperoni pizza but tastes like a slice of heaven. Perfect mix of sweet and spicy. The more "interesting" a pizza looks, the more likely it will blow you away. I tried the Maple Syrup with Canadian Bacon pizza recently. Not a combination I would ever expect to be good, but it was!
Best pizza Dow I tasted lately,but still missing the crunch and pizza sauce can be much better. Overall its great place to sit and eat pizza Nothing like Dennis.
this place. fuck me. the wait is ridiculous on most nights but if you can get in ... you will enjoy some of the finest pizza and company the world has to offer ... that is all. no wrong can happen with this decision. make the decision. wait for it ...
NOT worth the wait!!!  Semi racist here it seems if you're not their "typical" clientele.  Damn tiny pies for big price tags!!  When I got the pie, first thing I said was where's the cheese?  You literally could not see the cheese...and the toppings amount was a joke too. Best thing about the pie is the crust, I'll give it 2 stars for that.
soo so happy to have gone here with a crew of friends who all picked what pie they wanted and ordered for everyone. i tried pies i otherwise would not have been attracted to (ie: the pie with the dried bing cherries - WHOA!!) the hell boy was a favorite. and yes, honey on pizza suddenly makes a whole lotta sense.
Brooklyn has its fair share of artisan pizzerias and Paulie Gee's holds the spotlight. The first thing that impresses you is the decor. It's very rustic and comforting. The pizzas come out beautifully and really tasty. The service is great and you might even catch a visit from the big man himself. He offered us complimentary wine for finishing more pies than there were people. Come early or expect to wait.
Came here with a group of friends and in total we ordered 5 different pies. All of them were delicious and especially surpried by the taste of maple syrup on a pizza! Only con was that we had to wait 2 hours to be seated on a Friday night. The pretty blonde hostess was extremely nice and offered a round of drinks for all of us for waiting so long. Defintely want to come during a weekday!
From Texas, but I've drooled over Paulie's pies on Serious Eats for years. Had the menu memorized before I ever set foot in the city. The reality couldn't seriously live up to that, right?  Wrong!  This place is incredible! 1.  The decor and ambiance set the mood perfectly 2.  The Cherry Jones and the Hellboy blew my mind!  They were incredible!!!!!!! 3.  Paulie even stopped by our table and had a nice little chat about pizza places in Austin!  I was starstruck! 4.  I can't wait to make it back some time.
I lived in Italy for 11 years, and I've eaten pizza in Naples on several occasions. Paulie Gee's combines the best of both worlds. I tasted Italian authenticity, and New York innovation. It was truly excellent. 5 of us split the "In Ricotta Da Vita", "Delboy", "Regina", and "Hellified Porkpie White", and all were equally superb. The only drawback was the wait, which we were told would be 1 hour and 30 minutes, we opted to wait at the little bar area, and we ordered beers and an "appetizer" pizza, and were seated in 40 min. Also, Paulie Gee comes over for a chat, and he seems like a genuine chap, very happy to see people enjoying his food. I'll be coming here often, probably very often.
Crust: fluffy, chewy, thin, crispy perfection. Vegan toppings: convincing and delicious. Hot chili oil: make sure that you ask them to hold the olive oil drizzle if you're getting it, because you will want to bathe all your food in it. In sum: shut up and take my money, Paulie Gee's.
YUM! I am so happy there is a new pizza place in Greenpoint! So far, I have tried the arugula pizza, the cuban and the pepperoni (I forget the specific names). They were all really great - the cuban was my favorite. It's a special now, but i hope it makes it to the main menu. They use sausage from the Meat Hook - yum again. The salad was awesome, but I'm a sucker for any salad with cheese, fruit, nuts and dried cherries on it. The only thing missing is liquor license. I really, really, really want wine with this pizza. Really. I love the interior (think rustic farmhouse - yeah, I know, I use that a lot). The space is cozy, and won't fit too many diners (especially when they have reserved tables), so I hope it doesn't become super-popular. Still, I guess there is more room than a lot of places (I'm looking at you, Manhattan restaurants). Right now, there is no delivery. I hear they will get it soon, but it's not biggie because the weather is warming up.
Way overrated, way too expensive for what it is. Brick oven pizza doesn't need to be so outrageously costly. $13 is the cheapest pie you'll get here, and that's with minimal toppings -- and no, it's not enough to share. My vegan friend loves this place and is willing to pay $20 for a pie, so I always begrudgingly end up here. Last night I got the Regina -- the sauce and cheese are quality, I'll give it that, but the crust was soggy yet charred at the same time. I asked for some Parmesan on the side - the waitress forgot all about it, but added an extra dollar on the bill. The food runner that brought the pizzas out literally tossed them onto the table at us, and nearly burned me in the process. Then we didn't see anyone to refill our water for about 40 minutes. Although our servers were nice, albeit clearly rushed. It would have been nice not to have to shout over the loud Adele music playing also, since I was out with a friend I hadn't seen on a year and also since I can't fucking stand Adele. Maybe I don't get this whole New Brooklyn restaurant thing. I can name a million places where I could get a slice out of a brick oven that's filling, substantial and made of high quality ingredients without paying a premium for hipster mood lighting, repurposed wood and waiting an hour to be seated because Greenpoint is the new destination for bored yuppies from Connecticut looking for the next cool foodie thing.
Paulie Gee, the owner and pizzaiolo of this eponymous restaurant, has mastered the art of marrying three fundamental ingredients--cheese, dough and tomato - to produce an end product exceeding the sum of its parts.  Paulie's pies are as pleasing to the palate as to the eye!   A constantly moving force, Paulie creates pizza masterpieces from the threshold of his wood-fueled, fire-breathing Stefano Ferrara oven.  Competently assisted by his son and 'stickman' - Derek - Paulie uses only fresh, locally sourced ingredients to create his works of art, some with playful names such as: 'Spectacle', 'Mootz' and 'Arugula Shmoogala'.   This place is all about great artisanal pizza - don't come for one of those limp, doughy rounds or sliced triangles. Paulie Gee's space is welcoming and inviting.  Paulie's wait staff is personable, professional, friendly, and attentive.
THE BEST - PERIOD.  PG's has become mine and my love's weekend date spot. From the unbelievably amazingly delicious pizzas to the genuinely warm care from Paulie and his team.  A true gem...makes me happy to know i'll be filling my belly up there again tonight! :) Hellboy - welldone!
I was excited to hear from a friend that a new restaurant opened up in my neighborhood. And then to find out it was a gourmet pizza place made it sound even better. The pizza reminded me a lot of the pizza from Motorino--but the combination of toppings they have at Paulie Gee's gives them a little something extra. The crust is just the right amount of chewy and crispy. The sauce is so good--I could eat the sauce on the crust with nothing else. And everything else is super fresh. The look of the place is very cool too. You can watch the pizza being cooked in the giant fire stove while sipping a beer (they just started serving beer and wine). All in all, a great space.
For those Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, Paulino's, Dellarocco's, and thin crust pizza lovers! I have found another alternative for when we want to switch it up! The best part about Paulie Gee's is that they also offer vegan pies with amazing cheese substitutes without compensating its taste! It is in a very hip neighborhood with lots of young adults with piercings and tattoos. The bars and restaurants are a bit scattered because it is still an up and coming part of Brooklyn, but I noticed that it wasn't too far from the LIC MoMa! Paulie Gee's pizza is a must try!
Originally i planned to stop in here to buy Mike's Hot Honey since it's the only place you can buy it without having to order online.  But then I got curious and read a bit about Paulie Gee's once I heard they use the hot honey on a pizza.  My curiosity paid off. Before I get into all the positives I'll mention the one negative to get it out of the way.  The ONLY downfall to this place is the prices.  The pizza's are all in one size (12inch - traditionally small Italian size pizza) and each of our pizza's were $16... granted they were the signature pizza's, but that's a lot of dough (lame pun intended) for pizza this size, and it's very easy to end up with a check near $75 for a group of two or three.   The high prices were not a big deal to us though, especially once we ate.  My brother and I polished off two pizzas (Hellboy and Baconmarmalade Picante - both were damn good!) and we had a third friend there who got a vegan pizza and loved it.  The place itself was fairly quiet when we got there around 7pm (on a Wednesday), but within another 45 minutes the place was packed and there was a wait at the door. Also, the owner was always walking around asking everyone how everything is, but not to the point that it was annoying.  Really nice guy - he even struck up a conversation with us when we were talking about the honey and the beer list.  All in all the place was very comfortable, clean, and not too over the top - and the food was fantastic.  I'm from all the way out in Long Island, but I'll definitely be back here again.
Giving props to Paulie Gees seems way more important to other Yelpers (and all you lurkers!) than writing the 797th review (as of today) for Roberta's. Let's just set the line: Paulie Gee's, Roberta's, Speedy Romeo, and Lola (in Minneapolis) all make terrific pizza with creativity and enthusiasm (Dough Pizzeria Napoletana in San Antonio is such a wanna-be in this group). Where Paulie Gee's takes points is in variety and creativity. There are pages of pizzas and our two were right up there with Lola for creativity and craft. Here's the deets: PIZZA 1: Ricotta da vida - fantastic, $17 PIZZA 2: Cherry Jones - included honey, arugula, and prosciutto, $18 SALAD: Eden, $10 BEER: $6 DESSERT: Black rice ice cream from Van Leeuwen, $6 TOTAL: $57 The starters are some tasty salads and there are interesting desserts to end the meal. SHOUT-OUT: Kate gave us terrific service! She rocks! BONUS: Intimate, pleasant dining space BONUS: Great beer menu! TIP: The bills are still hand-written, and prices include the taxes. So quaint and convenient! TIP: Credit cards accepted! TIP: As you read, we ate a Ricotta-da-vida. I asked the server (not Kate!) to sing it. She did not get the joke. So embarrassing for me.
Great pizza and even better venue and atmosphere! Close seating situation but it's easy to look paste that when you're finishing your meal with local neighborhood Ice Cream and a rich chocolate dessert! Paulie Dee was there himself to greet every table individually.  Great neighborhood feel and definitely a new staple go to...
I love pizza. This pizza is the pizza I love the most. Such sauce. But dat honey tho.
Best. Pizza. In. Greenpoint. Possibly Brooklyn. Must get the Greenpointer. Lemony arugula and shaved Parmesan on top of their amazing crust - so dreamy. Option to add prosciutto, but not necessary. Amazing on its own. Hellboy - Hell yes. In Ricotta Da Vita - Mama mia! There will probably be a wait when you go, but get over it. Go down the street to Brouwerij Lane, enjoy a pint or half pint, and then head on back. No big deal. We always bring out of town guests here and it never fails to be a big hit. Love it when Paulie (aka Martin Scorsese's doppleganger) comes to the table at the end of the meal with his black shirt, baseball cap, and to-go coffee cup and asks how the meal was, what we got, where we're from. This is Greenpoint to a T: quality, friendly, community-centric, personable. Quite frankly the neighborhood just wouldn't be the same without Paulie Gee's.
Paulie Gee's knows pizza. I am not vegan but I wanted to try the vegan pizzas. I don't think I can use my love of pizza as an excuse for not going vegan anymore. It was delicious! Even the cheeseless kale pizza (Vegan Rooftop) was great. The kale was amazing - just the right level of crispy. It was so good, it didn't even need cheese. I also ordered the In Ricotta da Vegan because I wanted to try the vegan sausage. I liked the sausage but I liked this one less but that's because I dislike ricotta to begin with. They should add the veg sausage to the kale pizza (not sure if they let you customize) My bf had the Hellboy and I tried a very small bite with just cheese, avoiding the sopressata. Yummers! The Mike's Hot Honey sauce was SO GOOD. It was not subtle but not overpowering either, I loved it. Also not sure if they'd put that on the vegan pizzas...Mike might be picky as to where he puts his honey. But they definitely should spread the wealth. Overall, I thought this was really good pizza. Next time, I'd try to shift the ingredients around according to my preference, if they let me. I still think the options are excellent for meat eaters and vegans alike, and in one place. This place is perfect for a group or couple with mixed dietary preferences. Pizza lovers unite! Biggest gripe is the price. I spent 50 bucks on 3 medium sized pizzas and that was strictly take-out. There is a nice waterfront park right down the street by the way with benches if you want to eat outdoors, weather permitting. The place itself was very dark (not a bad thing, just seemed like a good dim date place) and was a little busy but not bad (came early Saturday night, 6-7pm). It did kind of smell like puke but that might have been cheese. The bathrooms were pretty interesting - had this giant metal lock that came down and held the door in place, very medieval. Lots of toilet paper - I hate when places run out so I notice these things!
If they served this pizza from a fluorescently-lit hole in the wall, it would still be amazing. What really tops it off is the wooded ambiance, with the brick oven's flames flaring in the background. Everything about this place is familiar and new at the same time, but who cares about all of that because holy crap this is some fracking delicious pizza. I'm literally still dreaming about the Hellboy.
Awesome pizza!!!!!!!!!!! The best pizza place thus far!!!!! Owner and wait staff were amazing too. Overall.... A great place with amazing pizza!!!
The pizza crust here is so perfect. Paulie is a nice guy with quite a knack for making good pie. It is a simple restaurant with a simple menu. The Regina is a good start here. It is basically just their version of a Margherita.  My favorite pizza on the menu is the Greenpointer. It's fior di latte, baby arugula, olive oil, fresh lemon juice and shaved parmisan. So good! Go Fig Yourself, I tried, minus the meat and it was awesome too. Pretty good small beer selection. Cozy digs. All build it green style. Only trouble with this place is that some of the staff are snooty and too cool for school, or to even smile. That said, I have had some nice servers there. The pizza oven is hypnotizing!!
I loved this place from the food to the service and the ambiance. I read and heard so much about this place that I had to try it. People call this place a hipster joint, I call it coolantic (cool and romantic) . A great place for a romantic evening. Food Cheek Corea Salad- 5 stars   insane and had alot of lemon which im a big fan of Hellboy pizza- 5 stars    speechless Arugala Schmoogala pizza- 5 stars   Waitress- 5 stars Paulie Gee- 5 Stars  Came over to our table and was real nice and friendly. Check it out you will not be disappointed.
We had to wait 120 minutes for a table which "won't even be 45 minutes..." And then the waitress was really impatient & rude... And then they brought the wrong food... And then they brought the wrong food again... And then they brought the wrong food again... Although the portions are small and the prices are steep, the pizzas were all really pretty damn excellent... And because of the overall quality of food, it's all A-OK.
Get the hellboy and cherry tomato. So good. Nuff Said. The place is sort of a hike to get to but well worth it if you love pizza. It has a very intimate ambiance and the owner is super friendly. He came around to talked to my friend and me, as well as all his customers. Definitely recommend.
Pizzas are deeeelicious.  A little pricey for the size, but still worth it considering how tasty they are.  My only complaint comes down to the service, which is abysmal, and the wait for food to come out of the "kitchen" can be a little absurd.
Solid 4 Ordered the hell boy and a basic margarita for take out. The pizzas were ready when I got there with no lines or extra wait...right on! Both pizzas tasted great! Although Roberta's pizzas are aggressive with flavors, i feel that some of the flavors are too much to embrace while the flavors combinations at paulie gee's are more balanced and well executed. Paulie gee-1 Roberta's-0.
I agree with Amik A. This is the best pizza I've ever had.  Tried the below pies: Delboy Greenpointer Feel Like Bacon Love Ricotta Be Kiddin' Me - this was my least favorite, very simple, light, I think its just different strokes for different folks becuase this one was my sister-in-laws favorite. About an hour wait for 5 people on a saturday around 6p
This place would be a 5 star if they would just take reservations! The food is excellent.  So tasty, it's tough not to eat everything.  The owner has been there every single time I've eaten there, and visits with every table in the place.  He's a genuinely friendly Brooklyn pizza guy.  He makes the experience special by greeting everyone personally.  The food's pretty special too.  The salads are excellent!  The pizza reminds me a little of Toby's (over in South Slope); that hand made artisan style.  It's great.  If you can stand the wait to get seated, you'll be happy with the pizza.
Love this place!  The decor, the vegan pizza and the owner Paulie is super nice.  Worth the wait!!
I'm vegetarian and have had both the regular cheesy pizzas and the vegan pizzas. After switching to the vegan pies trying to cut cheeses with animal rennet out of my diet, (parm is one), I am amazed. Paulie Gee's vegan pizzas don't make you feel like you're missing out on anything at all. The vegan Greenpointer is just as good as the real thing and I'm a former cheese monster. The Mike's Hot Honey sundae is amazing. Not vegan at all, but vegetarian-friendly. :-) Yeah, the wait can be long, but as long as you go in a non-peak time, it's not so bad. You can also get takeout.
This place has just the right amount of quirkiness to make it awesome and not awkward.  Or maybe it's on my wavelength.  In any case, I loved it and I loved the pizza.  If there were a location in Westchester I would go much more often. For all the people who don't like the crust, this is Naples style pizza.  Don't come in expecting NY style pizza because your mind won't be in the right place.   The only place you might find better pizza is at damichele.net/?lang=en, which is in Naples ... Italy.  God, I love living in NY.
New fan of Paulie's! Pizza is yum. Drinks are good. And it's just a fun place. Yes, there is a wait so grab a drink and gossip for awhile...and Paulie will come out and say hi which is super sweet.
When I came here I didn't know what to expect since the owner and the manager are not italians and I didn't hear anything about this place. Instead their pizza is really great. The dough they use is not too much therefore the pizza is very thin and very light. Very raccomended.
This is a very rare experience. Paulie Gee's is a combination of sublime pizza, great atmosphere and super people. This is the kind of experience that gets into your dreams after you go. Paulie is a font of knowledge of all things pizza from the east to west coast and puts the best of it into his own special menu. When you order the pizza, don't look at the ingredients. It may throw you off. It's hard for your head to wrap itself around the combination of Gorgonzola, prosciutto, cherries and honey, but it works. It will blow you away. Experiment and trust in the master. Ask him what you should try and you are in great hands. You will love talking with him as much as he does talking to his customers. Cherry Jones, Hellboy, Arugula Shmoogula and Becca's Bacon Marmalade Picante are my faves. Don't forget about seeking out his "Secret Menu" as well.
The Hellboy pizza is spicy, sweet & sticky. You'll want to lick your fingers, so wash your hands before you eat.
Great pizza, good atmosphere.  It's loud inside, between the loud music and talking it is a bit hard to talk at a large table.  The music is bluesy/classic rock.  The pizza is extremely good.  The Hellboy pizza with spicy honey is unbelievable.  It is one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  We tried a few different pizzas the others were good too, but the spicy honey.....  I wanted to put it on everything.
This place was exactly what we were looking for on a Saturday night. I was in a group of eight and we were really worried about where to eat dinner with so many people. We had one person that lives nearby go put our name in and our table was ready an hour and a half later when we arrived from Manhattan - it was great. The pizzas I personally ate were great, as was my draft beer. However, I don't really think you can call yourself a vegan pizza place when all the "vegan" pizzas are just lacking cheese. For $16, you could really invest in some Daiya or something. On top of that, our server was a little brash, and she placed the wrong pizza in front of my friend, who bit into it and ate a slice before realizing there was pork jowl on it, not veggie sausage. I guess we should have still double-checked, but I know that's a horrible feeling if you're a vegetarian. Bottom line: I liked the space and I liked the 'za-- I'm glad we went, but the experience here was far from perfect.
Besides the fact that they don't take reservations and the lines can be insane on any given night of any week, there's literally nothing bad to say of Paulie Gee's! A true Greenpoint gem and luckily just a few blocks from our apartment. They have the most innovative changing seasonal menu, high quality ingredients, and a whole VEGAN pizza menu (cashew ricotta is the best)! Sincerely delicious Neapolitan style pizza that you can watch them make in the back. Every pizza I've tried I would recommend, favorites being the grapeful dead made vegan (pickled grapes on pizza, what?!), and one of the vegan kale seasonal options. My boyfriends favorite is still just the original Regina. They also have these awesome hot honey and hot chili oils to dip or drizzle on the pizza. The owner is often walking around telling stories and asking customers how the food is - really nice dude. They also sell Ovenly desserts, although I would suggest  to walk a block to the actual bakery and go eat dessert at transmitter park on the water with amazing views of the skyline! Definitely won't be disappointed, can't wait to go again soon to check out the spring/summer menu.
This restaurant uses long, narrow tables at which you sit closer to the strangers at your left and right than the person you are dining with. Restaurants do this to maximize seating in crammed spaces, extinguishing any chance of ambiance and hindering the over all dining experience.
Still as good as it ever was.  New pies are always exciting, tried the 'Feel Like Bacon Love' with sauce flavored with bacon- awesome! Can never go wrong with a classic like the 'Cherry Jones' either- the flavor combination of the prosciutto, cherries, gorgonzola and honey is tough to beat.   Have never had a bad pie or experience here, it is worth the wait for sure.  If you dont want to wait 45 minutes in the hallway walk up the block to the Black Rabbit after you put your name in- your taste buds will thank you in the long run.  The fresh Artisan Neapolitan Pizza is tough to beat
woo woo
Leaving Manhattan a few months ago meant leaving my favorite pizza place behind. I thought I'd never have pizza like it again, and mourned my loss. Thank goodness for Paulie Gee's!! I found my new pizza spot. It is amazing. The dough is fresh, crisp and fluffy at the same time,  the sauce is sweet, the cheese is buffalo mozz, and the pie is cooked in a brick oven that you can see from your seat. My neighbor/date took me here and explained there's usually a line out the door, so we had to be there early. 6pm on a Saturday evening was perfect. No wait, great service, excellent pizza, and Paulie was there checking in on every table.
How the hell am I ever supposed to know exactly when I'm devouring the best pizza of my life? How many Fridays growing up did my father come home with a pipin' hot pie for dinner? How many singles did I spend in elementary school on slices handed out by class moms? How many drunken escapades have been night-capped at a pizzeria? How many foodie adventures have I embarked upon where pizza was the X that marked the spot? Let's see, we've gotta be able to approach this (somewhat) mathematically. Let's assume I eat pizza once a week. The first four years of my life (when I was either not eating solid foods or trying to be convinced broccoli was delicious) are pretty much a wash when you factor in the four years I was at college (when my pizza intake was more like twice every seven days). That's something like 1,410 times in my life I've sat down for (at least) a slice! I repeat - how the hell am I ever supposed to know exactly when I'm devouring the best pizza of my life? Well, ridiculous odds against this Greenpoint pizza joint aside, I'll be damned if I didn't feel something special as I took down Paulie Gee's Hellboy (Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Sopressata Piccante, Parmigiano Reggiano, and, the kicker, Mike's Hot Honey). What I am confident in proclaiming is that, with all of the 1,409 times to come before it, I have never had a pizza quite like this one. The spicy, dry-cured Italian salami, sliced like pepperoni and strategically placed to cover the entire pie, had exceptional flavor. Each slice was thin, foldable, and accented by the traditional Neapolitan puffed crust. And, as for the few drops of honey - I said Goddamn! This pizza's hot enough to clear an asthmatic's sinuses on the first pollen-polluted day of spring! Honestly, this combination of heat and sweetness really took it into another stratosphere. It's like Mr. Paulie Gee spent sixteen years perfecting textbook pizza in his spare time, then quit his desk job just to toss those textbooks out the window, opened up a trendy, top-of-the-line establishment on the fringes of Brooklyn, and turned the New York pizza scene on its head. Oh, wait - because that's exactly what happened. As if one tremendous-tasting pizza wasn't enough, I also went for the In Ricotta Da Vita (Italian Tomatoes, Sweet Italian Fennel Sausage, Pecorino Romano, Post Oven Ricotta Dollops, Baby Arugula and Extra Virgin Olive Oil). Bolstered by some of the freshest tomatoes I've ever tasted, this light, angelic pie was the perfect counter to the Hellboy's devilish scorch. Plus, you've gotta love the clever monikers that appear on Paulie Gee's menu, notably the playfully-named Brian DeParma and the fennel-heavy Anise and Anephew. As for the decor, well, imagine a barn. Now, try to envision said barn pumpin' out super-chill classic rock. Finally, picture this barn to be so damn rustic and classy that it doubles as a legitimately romantic date spot. It's no wonder Paulie Gee's hosts a packed house night after night. We were quoted an hour wait at the door, and while we were seated after only twenty minutes, I would've gladly waited the full sixty to taste pizza this delicious. While downing the Hellboy, I struggled to determine where it stood among the ranks of my own personal Pizza Hall of Fame. Had I reached the top? In the eternal words of The Strokes, "Is This It?" Like most life-affirming moments, you're never really sure until that moment has long passed. So, again, I ask myself - how the hell am I ever supposed to know exactly when I'm devouring the best pizza of my life? It's a question that may forever go unanswered, but the Hellboy sure as hell gives the best of the best a real-deal run for their money.
A great pie. Great combinations, great drinks. Occasionally they will overcook the pizza resulting in more than a few burned pieces but to hell with it. Its worth the risk. Wait can sometimes be ridiculous though. Owner is very friendly and makes the rounds the whole night . really dark inside too.
In the landscape of supreme pizzerias, Paulie Gee's is a game-changer.  I want to shout it on a mountaintop, or, like Madonna in her "Express Yourself" music video, get on top of a giant statue and declare, "Don't go for second best baby, Put your love [of pizza] to the test, You know, you know, you've got to, Make [that trip to 60 Greenpoint Ave].. And maybe then you'll know your love is real" I'm honestly confounded as to how the same formula of pizza-making is applied here -- dough, cheese, sauce, toppings -- but the results are mystically different.  A Paulie Gee's pizza is an ethereal, indescribable product of goodness.  It's fior di latte cheese is dreamy, and creamy, it's crust, tender and bubbly (the consistency like that of delicious naan bread), and the whole of the pie, soft and crisp, flavorful with all the combinations via it's exotic and forward-reaching menu, but understated, well-balanced and even delicate.  It is like eating art.   Last night was a special night, and the boyfriend and I went to PG's for our fix since it has been quite a few months since our last visit.  On this rainy evening in Brooklyn, the crowd swelled inside this dimly lit, rustic and casual pizzeria.  Delightfully, we did not have to wait for a table and were seated immediately.  I love their use of salvaged wood, and the attention to detail from the rustic ceiling to the back end of the restaurant where you will see heaven's gate, I mean, the "Napoli"-branded oven where they churn out their amazing pizza pies.   After a walk through the menu, we decided on two pies -- "The Mootz" (fior di latte, chopped fresh garlic, pecorino romano, olive oil, fresh basil and sea salt) with added, sweet Italian, fennel sausage, and the "Cherry Jones" (fior di latte, gorgonzola cheese, prosciutto di parma, dried bing cherries and orange blossom honey).  I thought it was pure genius to temper the sweetness of the bing cherries with the prosciutto in order to prevent it from tasting like dessert.  The saltiness of the ham added a much-appreciated level of savory to an already outstanding pie.  As for the Mootz, I loved how the fresh leaves of basil, which were nicely tucked and melted into the cheese, had truly brought life to this pizza.  The herbiness of the fragrant basil married perfectly with the generous chunks of fennel sausage.  I noticed at the end of the meal, the 'soot', rather the remnants of charred crust that colored, and blackened my  fingers, was an all too precious indication of my glorious time eating great pizza.  We also had dessert which was fantastic.  Two scoops of pistachio ice cream (I'm assuming Van Leeuwen), with a sweet and crunchy brittle.  Incredible.   Not one missed note, Paulie.   I have been here on three separate occasions, and each time, Paulie Gee's outdoes itself.  My pizza somehow gets better and better, my love for this place, blossoms to new heights.  I know that there's a little place called DiFara's which is discussed with cult-like fervor amongst pizza connoisseurs, but Paulie Gee's is much more my speed and I have been to both places.  The pizza is more refined.  It is elevated pizza.  Also, it is not as pricey, and the atmosphere is much more ideal.  But to each their own.  I will continue to cultivate my obsession with PG's and not be the least bit shy about it.   I adore Paulie Gee's.  Absolutely, completely, and utterly, phenomenal.  I just... I can't even.
Very chill, rustic pizzeria. Each pie is about 12" with six slices. For those people that are carb-conscious do not fear as the the pizza is thin crust (a little too thin in my opinion as it does not hold up the toppings). My friend and I ordered two pizzas: the Hellboy and the Greenpointer. The food came out very quick - perhaps because we arrived before the diner crowd, around 6ish on a weekday. My favorite was the Hellboy because it is different from any pizza I've had before; it is topped with honey....yes honey! The pizza also comes with soppresata giving the pizza the right balance of salt, sweet and spice. The Greenpointer was good too, but nothing special in my opinion. Our server was very nice; she gave us a few suggestions on the most popular pizzas. The owner walks around to each table talking to every customer. There are two individual bathrooms that are cool. There is a high sink located outside the bathrooms (it made me feel a little kid washing my hands lol).
Paulie Gee's does not need another review, but its worth saying that this is my favorite pizza joint in NYC. Yes, THE HELLBOY, Mike's Hot Honey, the perfect crust to topping ratio. But this place is more than just pizza. Its a great space with good beers on tap with a friendly, neighborhood vibe.
So I am a Lombardi's Lover.  They will always be #1 to me, but Paulie Gee's is certainly #2.  Lombardi's has a larger pie and better dough, but Paulie Gee's has a slight edge on the sauce (and I am, admittedly, a serious red sauce snob). Four of us were sat immediately at 5:30 on a Saturday.  We JUST beat the rush.  If you have to wait, no worries! Transmitter Park at the end of the road has a fantastic view.  If you don't have to wait, just burn off those pizza calories walking the pier after dinner. The beer selection is great and the reclaimed wood tables, pizza names, surrounding light, and the owner, Paulie, all add to the charm.   We had the following pizzas: Delboy - for those who are unfamiliar with Italian cured meats or Paulie's ingredients, this pizza is a must for fans of "meat-lover" or "pepperoni" style pizza.   In Ricotta Da Vita - this was my favorite of the night.  The hot red sauce and gooey Romano stick to the fennel sausage and perfectly compliment the peppery bite of the arugula and the super fresh and creamy ricotta.   Hellified Porkpie White - The name itself is a mouthful.  The pizza was very interesting.  Be sure to try some item with Mike's Hot Honey on it.  I am NOT a sweet and savory fan, but this hits the nail on the head because it is not cloyingly sweet or abrasively hot.  Just Right.   Regina - A minimalist staple.  This was the last pizza delivered to our table and it was like the palate-cleanser of pizzas.   The tab was $96.00 for 4 pizzas, 4 beers and tip.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! . not for those people who dont like to experiment or those who love to  eat the same old crap everyday and are too good to try new things. DELISH!!!!!!!! nice added touch, owner is so nice, there to see how people are doing.... some of the hostess are RUDE though, like you are bothering her to put your name down for a table.
I am so unbelievably disappointed.  I waited so long to come to this place.  My husband had the spectacle too, off of their secret menu.  He liked it, but was not blown away by any means.  I had the Ricotta de Vegan and the pizza was not good.  Cashew ricotta was the only decent part.  Crush tasted like burnt puffy matza, the vegan sausage was horrible (and I usually love faux meat) and the sauce was bland.  I waited 40 minutes to be seated, another 25 for the pizza, and paid $18 for a pretty small pie. 3 stars because my husband thought his was good, not great, the place has a nice vibe and decor, and the server was friendly.   My hunt for great vegan pizza continues...
While I knew this place was going to be great based on its owner alone, I didn't think it would be this good.  This place looks like some dark old cavernous tavern, with poor lighting and a LOT of wood.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing though, as its very distinct and I thought it was a cool space.  I didn't have any problems with the service, but we weren't going to considering that we were being served by Paulie himself.  The oven is beautiful, and most importantly for the best places, its primarily manned by the owner. We ordered four different pizzas: a margarita, a margarita w/ hot sopressata, the "Greenpointer", and the "Anise & A Nephew" pie.  The crust here is well charred, well fermented goodnes, and it holds up fairly well to toppings even though its focus isn't being crunchy.  I would really characterize it as a Napoletana crust either, as it isn't very wet and gummy.  That is to say, the crust is closer to a Totonno's than a Keste, but in between; more of an artisan crust if it were to be classified.  The tomatoes and homemade mozzarella they use here are great quality as expected; not the very best, but very good.  The pie is very tasty, but where they shine here is in balance.  Not too heavy on the romano cheese or olive oil or basil either.  Everything is in proportion to one another, and nothing overwhlems the pie.  With so many places using top notch ingredients for a margarita, this is the key thing and they knock it out of the park here. The sopressata they used on the margarita was great; spicy and porky with a ncie char around the edges and not as thick as pepperoni without sacrificing flavor. Paulie told me it was from Salumeria Biellese in Manhattan (or at least made by them); when I had sopressata from Biellese before it wasn't that good, but it was great here so maybe I got the short end of the stick when I went (har har).   Even better was the Greenpointer (baby arugala, homemade mozz, olive oil, parmigiano, and lemon juice).  That doesn't sound incredible maybe, but it was perfection in simplicity.  The use of lemon juice was great here, as I never considered how effective it could be on a pizza.  The parmigiano was used sparingly and was very subtle here, and of course the greens were fresh and worked really well with the lemon juice.   The "Anise & Anewphew" pie was one of, if not the most creative pizzas I've ever had that actually worked in practice.  It uses homemade mozz, braised fennel, anisette cream, fennel fronds, and guanciale (pig cheek bacon).  While these are some similiar flavors, you can taste the differences betwen the anise and fennel here.  It worked really well with the mozzarella, and the fattiness of the guanciale brought everything together.  Its definitely an odd combination that maybe should not work, and I usually like things that are much more traditional, but this is one artisan pie that I would not miss. These trends seen here run through every single one of the very best pizzerias I've been to: the owner is the driving force behind the restaurant, he usually is the one making the pizza, and the whole place could basically be seen as an elongation of his/her shadow.  This is as true of Paulie as much as any of the other masters.  He cares about the food first and foremost, and while the venue contains touches of his personality, and it isn't the most inexpensive place to dine, his focus is primarily on the food alone.  He spares no expense in this regard because he genuinely loves what he does.  Its his creativity that makes this place special.  Paulie deserves the good fortune he has had, as he already makes some of the best pizza in NYC.  I think I might be back.
Delicious pizza you can't make at home (unless you got a brick oven).   Lola and I came here on a weeknight, so the wait was short (about 5 minutes). The highlight of their pizzas is the crust.  My god, the crust will take your breath away.   We ordered the GreenPoint pizza to share, which was just the right amount of food.  However, if you've got a major appetite, I recommend ordering a pie for yourself.  All the pizzas looked exceptional. I was also pleasantly surprised by the tap beer selection. Extra star! Paulie Gee himself even took time to converse with his patrons as we ate.  What a friendly guy!
I LOVE PAULIE GEES!!! This is some of the best pizza I've ever eaten. I'm gonna catch a lot of flack for this statement but, I like it more than Roberta's. I doesn't hurt that it's much closer to my house. The decor is so cozy, lots of exposed beams and it's so cool how you can see them taking your pizza out of the oven. It's dimly lit and would be great for a date. I think my ideal greenpoint winter evening is having a beer at Brouwerij lane next to the wood burning stove, then paulie gees for dinner. But most likely another beer at brouwerji when you realize the wait at pualie gees is over an hour. Thats the one downfall I see at paulie gees, no reservations and the wait is always really long. This deficiency is quickly made up for by the hot honey, I bought a bottle from them and put in on everything at home, it makes dominoes seem a little more like paulie gees when I'm couch potatoeing at home. Now I want pizza!
Hellboy is an absolute can't miss. Spicy honey is ingenious! Excellent service. Best pizza in brooklyn. Owner always stops by to chat for a couple of minutes. A no doubt 5 star spot. Cool music vibes too. They don't deliver but you can order take out which we've done a few times too.
This FO' SURE gets the 5-star treatment...starting with our 20-30 minute wait to get seated. Yes, I'm serious. This starts with the wait...and they don't take reservations..no biggie (and it tends towards the longer wait than the shorter wait), but there's a bar in which you can indulge in some beer while you wait (not free, but not uber expensive. There's 3 benches to sit on...and some bar stools. This is an interesting place...in the you don't know where or how the door works since it's a giant slab of wood you just push open (no windows). And there's a teeny round sign above that says Paulie Gees (easily missed if you're not paying attention. So while we were waiting, I looked around...I like the decor in the front...reclaimed wood...looks like a cowboy saloon. Super dim lighting...in that it makes it very romantical and intimate. And then...in the midst of our waiting THE Paulie Gee comes out with some pies handing out slices to everyone that's waiting. This is awesome. You get to try the pie before you order more pies! So we get seated and having looked at the menu while standing in line, we have an idea of what we're going to get. Mind you, it was a Friday night during Lent and thus no meat for the Catholic Italian boy that is my boyfriend. Win for me not being a Catholic and being able to order a Hellboy...despite my dislike for honey. It was delicious by the way, though I really couldn't taste the picante part of the sopressato. The HOT of the HOT honey was awesome, except for the part that tasted like honey. You could actually taste the spice. Oh and when we got the pizza (which was pretty quick) it was more charred than we liked it but we were hungry and didn't entirely mind. However, Paulie Gee, being the nice man that he is, came around checking on his customers and decided that the pizza was entirely inedible and took it away only to show up later with a brand new Hellboy. Awesome, awesome service. The second pie we got was the Greenpointer due to its uber popularity. And boy is this one worth it...every bite was amazingly delicious...the arugula and the lemon juice were amazing. It was a light pizza and I would totally inhale the thing on my own if we weren't sharing. We got a 3 pie to go...the Regina, which we ended up eating half of later that nice. It's your basic margarita pie but still so delicious. This place is similar to Lucali's with their open kitchen motif. It's nice and inviting. Great service, great food. Give this place a go! They're pies aren't traditional so it's a nice change of pace for your taste buds.
Oh my god! This place is so romantic and delicious. Great for a date and for friends just wanting to enjoy the best pizza! Also The owner always says hi and is so cute himself! I love that you can see them making the pizza
Awesome food. Horrible wait. Horrible Service. Horrible seating plan. = 3 Stars.
Obsessed. I only ordered it to go but it was delicious, hot, prompt, and the staff was very friendly. It's a beautiful space also. I can't wait to go back and dine there. I ordered the Hellboy per recommendation of a friend - that hot honey is so yummy. Still thinking about it this morning!
ate here last weekend with my family, and the four of us were extremely satisfied with the meal. two salads were split between us which were fresh and well portioned. we then each ordered our own pizza, everyone trying something different. the best may have been the "hell-boy," featured as one of their specials of the night, the pizza had "HOT-honey" which added an awesome sweetness and heat. depending how hungry you are, you may not need a pizza per person, but since my brother lives up the street we over ordered knowing he would end up with some great leftovers. the owner was also walking around talking to people and spent a few minutes at our table discussing new york, pittsburgh and good pizza. highly recommended for both the food and the atmosphere. on a final note, the bathroom lock (at least for men) is ridiculously awesome.
I am honestly surprised this place has any bad reviews- I had the best experience here.  I cannot recall the name of the pie I ordered but it had pickled onions and I had them add the vegan sausage(which was fantastic!) and my fiance ordered the Hellboy (which he absolutely loved). Even the crust was so delicious that my fiance (who hates crust typically) ate his entire pie (crust included!). Also the chili oil is so delicious! The service was fast, the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated, and the owner went from table to table to make sure everyone was enjoying their meal (which is so rare nowadays and really makes you feel like they care about the quality of the food and service). I will definitely be telling my friends about this place and I cannot wait to come back!
before anything else, Paulie Gee and I (and my friends angela and caleb) would like to thank Rachel A. for her unwavering recommendation of this place. paulie gee thanks rachel a. via angela as i was away from the table at the time he visited our table and had a small chitchat. i would also commend on how pillowy soft and heavenly the crust here is. it really really is. toppings? superb. dessert options?! phenomenal. thank you for having van leeuwen in your offerings. this made us lazy to go to the actual shop a couple of blocks away - and we drove to come here. paulie gee's SHOULD NOT be compared to my standards - lombardi's and grimaldis. paulie gee's is a place to take out a date and impress them with your "sophisticated palate" (when in fact, you really are just eating pizza - but impressive pizza nonetheless) so go, with or without a date. who cares if you are alone, you are eating good pie. very very good pie. now go drown your sorrows in that sangria sorbet. your sorrows will thank you.
Once upon a time, I ordered the "bacon lovers pizza" for take-out. When I got home, my boyfriend announces that bacon lovers pizza does not have bacon in it.. We thought it was an innocent mistake and went back to get our bacon. The host tells us that we are wrong - - the bacon's there, it's in the sauce of course! I whipped out my microscope and re-inspected. Still no bacon. Disappointed, we walked away and ate our cold bacon-less pizza. the end
ummm... wow? you know that hot feeling you get when you meet someone that  you immediately like, and you know... there's "chemistry"?  I wonder if you can have that with a restaurant? Waiting for my friends to arrive from all points on the dial, one from Astoria, one from Bushwick, and me from Union Square, I expected timing to be iffy.  So while waiting, I grabbed a Bengali IPA.  I was already happy as this is one of my favorite beers, first tasted at the Pulino's on Houston.  Moments later one of my friends arrive and we're sipping beers smelling the pizza scents waft through the restaurant, and what's next but Paulie Gee himself comes along with a fresh cut Brian DiParma pie offering us a nibble while we're waiting for a table. Now this would make most anyone smile, but when I can say I had a long day, that I ran 7 miles earlier, and then road my fixed gear over the williamsburg bridge to get her, and I'm starving to the point of panic, this sample of pizza just made my month! It was then that I knew I was in for the best.  I mean I had no idea at this point that Vivian H and Lisa D had been here months ago, or that this was already old news.  I have not been checking my yelp reviews clearly. To me it was a recent discovery.  Oh how I feel out of the loop. From there it just only got better.  More IPA and my two partners in crime enjoyed a Sweet Regina, an Arugula Shmoogala and a Greenpointer shared three ways.  That makes have three very happy campers.  They were wowed as much as me, and none of us had been here before. The service was spectacular, and the waitress asked us where we were from.  She was than all smiles to know that we were from all points on the boro globe.   At the very end, we were close to 11pm, and Paulie Gee came over to say hi.  He asked us where we were from, and how we heard about the place.  Of course I was all smiles being the Union Square guy that knows the hot pizza spot in Greenpoint.  All thanks to my Yelp *IN*!!
Mr. Gee himself is the icing on the cake at this place. He is so propah, old-school Brooklyn. He showed me photos of my BK neighborhood from back in the day. He is also genuinely grateful for your patronage and wants to let you know. What a gentleman. I had the Hellboy and while the honey was jarring at first, in the end I loved it. I didn't think they were too expensive, for gourmet NYC pizza and all - the highest-end pies are $18 and they're all sufficient for one person. P.S. - the 'secret' menu is on their website. The venue is gorgeous. I'll be back so I can try all the pies.
Paulie Gee's takes a charred cloud of dough and bubbly tomato sauce a thousand steps to the next level.  At first bite, the Hellboy really fires up your taste buds which seem to be bouncing all around your mouth - not to mention the roof of your mouth gets scorched!   It really makes it hard to concentrate on what it is that you love about it.  Bite after bite, you start to take it apart and reconstruct it as if you were Paulie Gee putting it together for the first time.   Dots of scorched dough scatter the bottom of the crust.  The dough is crunchy, slightly dry and bitter from the char, sweet from the yeast and chewy and moist as you work your way into the center.  The sweet tart tomato sauce topped with dollops of fior de latte helps that first bite singe cool down.  Then I don't exactly know what comes next but it all seems to marry each other after that:  Sopressata Picante (spicy pepperoni), and we added Italian sausage to make it extra fatty and meaty.  The finishing is what makes is truly golden - hot honey. I was never convinced that Brooklyn had the best pizza.  As a Jersey bred girl and a former Manhattan brat, Paulie Gee's has indeed converted my pizza following.  I've always loved thin crust pizza, but always believed that Jersey had the best thin crust pizza.  I mean it was never fancy toppings that did it for me.  Give me a crunchy crust with delicious sauce and I'm sold.  But with Paulie Gee's it's high brow pizza meets low brow.   Get the Hellboy and Rooftop Red.
The best. Each time I've been there, the owner comes around and makes sure we liked our food. Last time, he even had a special pie made specifically for us because he found out one of us is vegan and he wanted to know what they thought.
My new favorite vegan pizza place in NYC!  They win over Pala because they make their own vegan sausage and the crust and sauce is as good as, maybe even better than, Motorino!  I love this place.  It is incredibly designed, an old barn or carriage house or some shit.  The service was good.  The owner came over to our table and wanted to know what we thought.  The place is the best and I can't wait to go back.  Hoping they get a liquor license.  Right now it's just beer and wine.
We were sat immediately, stone oven pizza was unbelievably fast and good. Best vegan pizza we have ever had. Friendly staff, casual, decent prices and owner came over to make sure we enjoyed our meal which is always nice.
FInally dece Za in Greenpoint!!! Though the pie is a bit smalll that's ok with me cos' I'm on a diet. Flavor was superb and I dug the rustic interiors. We ate a Mirianna which was soo classic and light. So tasty with the chopped garlic and Pecorino Romano. The other pizza had kale one it...yes gourmet style but delicious and much healthier than yer avg slice. Since I live close by...would I trek to Grimaldi's or just go here? I choose Paulie Gee's. Unfortunately when I ate there no beers or wines yet. Hope they get that fixed soon. Great place for a date! I'm salivating like a Pavlov pup and need to go back soon.
This place beats Roberta's in my book. Worth the LONG wait. My friends and I just hung out at a bar nearby until we were seated. The pizza is out of this world amazing. Get the MONTE CRISTO... Mild Gouda, Sliced Canadian Bacon and a Pure Maple Syrup Drizzle.... YUM. The owner came by several times and chatted with us. Overall great dining experience.
Its just the best...the pizza & paulie are timeless!!!!!
The food is great. I was here a few days ago with some friends. But the wait was very long. We waited about 30 minutes for a table. The food came pretty quickly. Highly recommended to try if your in the neighborhood.
Tried their pizza tonight. The restaurant is built nice and feel really good inside of the place but very disappoint with the taste of their pizza. Price is a little high; One basic individual pizza cost $13 (tax included). Red souse taste like missing something. Not enough cheese on the pie either... On the menu, most pizza price range from $13 to 16. No beer and wine license yet....It is a good place for drink and meet people but not a good place to have good pizza. Service was nice.
Great pizza with exceptional service. Had the owner pay us a visit to introduce himself. The pizza was very good almost as exceptional as Roberta's. I loved the service and food was very good. Tried the Greepointer and the Margherita pizza. Both were exceptional.
i was pretty skeptical when i heard of this place and wondered if it would be a super trendy "hipster" kind of place and was definitely thinking that was the case when we got the restaurant, which looked super dark and looked "edgy." but everyone was nice and there was no attitude, not especially friendly or warm but not unfriendly at all. i was happily surprised by the pizza though. the crust is perfect and though the toppings are definitely different than your traditional pizza places the taste definitely lives up to the hype. the crust reminds of the kind of pizza you can get in Italy. thin chewy and delicious on it own. we really liked the hellyboy and definitely want to go back to try different things. definitely recommend, though expect a wait.
Top two reasons to come: the hellboy and Paulie Gee himself. The hellboy is a pepperoni pizza + spicy honey. I don't even like pepperoni pizza usually and I love this version. I loved the spicy honey so much that I ordered a bottle for about six of my relatives for Christmas. Overall, way way better than Roberta's.
This place is super yummy and the atmosphere is terrific. The Hell Boy was delish with the combination of honey drizzled over soppresata. It's worth every minute of the extremely long wait. The owner is always hanging around chatting up his customers. Nice guy who doesn't mind sharing his story with others.
Good pizza, mediocre service. Got a table right away on a Friday at 7, but then waited a good 30 minutes for the ONE waitress (I feel for her, one person is not enough to cover the amount of tables they have) to take our drink and food orders. I'm not a vegan - or even vegetarian - but my boyfriend is so we tried the vegan sausage and it was pretty good. The food came quickly, except they forgot to make one of the pizzas and we had to remind them. Paulie Gee's is a good solid pizza place, but it's not worth a special trip.
Stop throwing your life away and order the Hellboy.
Pizza is awesome, get anything with the Mike's hot honey on it, including the ice cream sundae. Also buy a bottle to take home!  It's everything I want in a pizza and more. I wish I lived closer.
Will definitely return to this place as often as my wallet permits!  Love love love this pizza, and ambiance! Staff is super nice, including the owner who comes by to chat with you, and he did it in a way where I was comfortable to be honest.
It took us an embarrassingly long time to finally get to Paulie Gee's- but we finally made it. We arrived on a Friday night around 8pm- prime dinner time. After being told to expect a 30-40 minute wait for a table for 2- which was honestly shorter than I expected- we parked ourselves on the benches outside the door. No more than 10 minutes later, the hostess seated us. Amazing. After a legitimate argument over which pies to order from the extensive and creative menu, we ordered the Hellboy and the Ricky Ricotta. The Hellboy, with crisp, paper-thin slices of sopressata and a drizzle of Hot Honey was the clear winner, although we loved how creamy and fresh the ricotta was on the latter pizza. We also had the pleasure of seeing Paulie Gee the man work the room. More restaurant owners should spend the time in their dining room that the affable Mr. Gianonne does- it makes a difference. Can't wait to come back.
I have been hesitant to write a review/give them 5 stars because I don't want more people to go- there's already enough of a wait to be seated!  My BF and I save this spot for special occasions and for taking out if town guests (because it's not cheap) and we are never disappointed.  Our absolute favorite is the Cherry Jones (we're veg so we get it with vegan sausage instead of prosciutto; side of hot honey for crust dipping).  They seem to change up the menu seasonally, adding new pies (like one with kale in winter, figs in fall) but always keep the staples.  Great for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  Paulie himself checks on you to make sure all is good.
This place has really awesome pizza. I've taken my family here a few times and they loved it as well. Believe all the reviews about the quality of the pizza, it's definitely top notch. I also love the salad with walnuts and goat cheese as a starter. I like the ambience of this place, but it's a little too dark and loud to have any real conversations. I've had better luck on weeknights getting a table, you'll definitely wait more than an hour sometimes though. The service is lackluster, as most other reviews have said, although Paulie G. does come out and is very sweet in asking about your meal. The waitresses seem uninterested, though, and since the place is always packed it gets kind of slow. 5 stars for the pizza, 2.5 for the service.
I ate here when it first opened and again a few weeks ago. Both times were AWESOME. The first time, we were given a complimentary pizza that had been made in error for another table (one vegan's mootz loss is my gain). Service was attentive without being overbearing. Paulie himself worked the room both times. It was nice to see an owner getting to know his patrons and seek out their feedback. The In Ricotta Devita is yummy, as is their standard Mootz. The holy grail for me though is the Delboy. I dream of this pie at night. The Berkshire Sopressata Picante is salty and crunchy on the edges without being dry. Yes this pie is going to cost you more than your average NY pizza. But Paulie Gee's uses the best ingredients and you can really taste the difference. It is not my everyday pizza place, but when I want an elevated pizza, this is a go-to.
The BEST pizza I've ever had. It's like naan covered in pizza toppings. So so good. We always get the hell infield pork pie white with post oven arugula added, and the cherry jones.. Sweet savory and a little spicy thanks to hot honey. And Paulie is the sweetest.
tried to come here on a weekend, BIG MISTAKE. no reservations and an hour and a half wait! came back on a weekday, and the wait was only 15 minutes. SCORE. this place is huge, and it's amazing how well paulie gee fills up the space. but not surprising as the pizza is pretty great. the pizza menu is pretty large, but i ordered the "grapeful dead." it's a yummy pizza that has GRAPES on it. at first i was like uhhh, but then decided it was put on the pizza for a reason, it HAD to be good. and it was! they were mild and baked, and just a little sweet. anyway, for a unique pizza you will definitely not have a lot of other places, you must get this pie. personal pies are perfect for 1 person, or you can have a slice or 2 leftover for lunch (i ate everything). ambiance is really chill - low lights, chill americana music in the background, exposed brick and wooden beams....it reminded me of a big old barnhouse (but actually paulie the owner told me it used to be an old factory). very datey, yummy food, good beer options, love this place. mmmmmmmmm
It's delicios, yes. It is however overpriced for the size of their pizza and wait time to get a table and to be served (usual time to be seated is about an hour). Extra star for having vegan pizzas and their homemade cashew cheese (amazing!) You definitely pay extra for the atmosphere and popularity of the place, but it's not the best pizza in the world.
best pizza in new york, maybe even the world. unbeatable.
Let's make this short and sweet. I love the food here! I hate the service! The service is just not good, and it upsets me because I like the food so much.  The hostess was rude to everyone, she gave a super snotty "I don't call people..." when people asked to be notified for a 1.5 hour wait.  The girl who brought us our pizza threw it on the table without really looking and my boyfriend had to catch it before it fell into his lap. The busboy was very nice! I want to give Paulie Gee's a 5 star rating.  But, hopefully management will read this and realize they might lose customers due to bad customer service.
Good God the owner of this place is a darlin! The design of the restaurant & atmosphere are excellent! My favorite pizza I've had at Paulie's so far is the Cherry Jones, delicious, memorable, nuanced. I've had a few other pizzas here that weren't so memorable, though the ingredients are clearly quite good & they are striving for a commendable pizza experience. They could tweak a few of the recipes and really kick some ass, these guys are close... the food is tasty, a bit slow and the recipes/flavors could be slightly bolder. Also, I wish they would offer a simple greens salad option (without cheese/bells & whistles).
Sorry, folks. I don't get the 4-5 star reviews for this place. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner recently and left feeling like we didn't really need to come back anytime soon. We were seated immediately, but it then took an inordinately long time for someone to take our order. I got the Whiter Shade of Kale and my boyfriend got the Delboy. The pizzas looked good enough when they arrived, but were very average once we tried them. There seemed to be a dearth of cheese on both, which was especially weird for mine since it was a white pizza. Additionally, mine was absolutely swimming in olive oil--I mean like a good cup of it. (Side note: olive oil soaked pizza does not refrigerate well. The half of mine that I took home was inedible the next day.) The crust was pretty good. However, I have certainly had better brick oven pizza. I would probably give this place another try if a friend were dead set on going there, but I doubt I would choose it again myself.
Paulie Gee's is wonderful.  Great pizza and Paulie himself will introduce himself to you and ask you if you are enjoying yourself. I thought he was a homeless dude at first, but upon realizing it was Paulie, found it charming.
Came here for a second time, this time bringing a friend. The pizza was as delicious as we remembered, but the service wasn't so great. The first time we came, we were quoted an hour wait, and ended up being seated in 30 minutes. This time, we were quoted 2 hours and ended being seated in an hour and a half, but then had to wait 15 minutes to place our order, and 40 minutes or so for the pizza to actually come. I get that the kitchen was slammed, but I would have just appreciated some apology, or at least acknowledgment by the waitress that it had been a long time. (A comped beer would've been even better...) I was really craving a "cheesy" pizza, so stupidly had my vegan pie topped with Daiya (a processed vegan cheese alternative they offer as an add-on)...Big mistake-- it tasted like American cheese. Next time, I'll keep it simple and stick to the house made cashew ricotta. Paulie Gee's is all about the chewy, charred crust. Again, Paulie delivered, but I found my crust just a touch too charred, and my husband's Hellified Pork Pie White was a tiny bit soggy, though he says the flavor was great. I'm thinking maybe the fact that it was so busy impacted the consistency of the food a little bit, though this was still some of the best pizza we've ever had. Next time we come, we'll have to aim for an off hour.
Atmosphere is a 5 for sure. This place is awesome - right near the water on Greenpoint. You go through an inconspicuous wooden door to get into this place. Embarrassingly, I completely missed it on my first visit. It's fairly dark inside, as much of the light is done with candles. It's quite intimate, and you sit in fairly close quarters as they've squeezed as many tables in as possible. I can't believe I am mentioning the bathrooms in my review (as a positive in fact!) but they are awesome. A huge common sink sits between to individual restrooms, one side for hot and one for cold. I must admit though, if two people are washing their hands at once, the person on the cold side clearly gets the short end of the stick. The restrooms themselves have these really cool latches that come down to lock the door in place, and the candles they have in there are perfectly scented. Seriously, I nearly asked somebody what they were, but I felt that would be too embarrassing. Finally, on to the food! The Gates of Eden Salad is awesome. I could have done with a little less dressing and no candied walnuts (I mean they are delicious don't get me wrong, but I'm not ordering a salad to eat candy). There are a lot of pizzas on the menu. The first time I made a huge blunder and literally just ordered a pizza with Red Onion and Parmesan. HUGE mistake. Yeah, the crust was fantastic, but there really wasn't much to my pizza. I was determined to remedy this poor decision on my second visit. This time, we ordered a Margherita (which wasn't on the menu but they agreed to make it), in addition to the Greenpointer, which is Fior de Latte, Baby Arugula, Olive Oil, Fresh Lemon Juice and Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano. I could have done without the lemon, but oh well. The Margherita was outstanding. They have Ommegang Witte on draft, which is one of my favorite beers. Plus, the owner comes around and makes sure you are enjoying your experience while you're eating. I am taking it down a star because the prices are pretty high, though I suppose for NY maybe this is about average for an upscale pizza restaurant. This pizza is pretty damn good, though I cannot say it is the absolute BEST I've ever had. For the style of pizza they serve, it would probably be a tie with Roberta's in my opinion. I slightly prefer the atmosphere of Roberta's, but I have never waited less than 1 hour at Roberta's, whereas even though this place is crowded, they seem to fill tables quickly.
this place turned my boyfriend from a new york hater to secretly checking out rents for nearby apartments.  get a pizza with the hot honey and you won't be disappointed. loved how the owner comes around and talks to you. we chatted about philly and possible plans to open a new restaurant?!?! and he was all around a super friendly guy.  perfect pre-concert dinner.
I've been here twice and both times were totally perfect. The first was my birthday, and the 10 of us were seated after a bit of waiting. To make up, Paulie Gee (the man) came over and offered us a free pizza. We ordered just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed. What they understand here is flavor. Sure, pizza is about the dough and the char, but it's also about the toppings, which is about the only way to show off true creativity and in my book elevates a solid pizza to a mouth-watering one. When I returned last week with a friend, Paulie was there again, smiling as usual, and made a recommendation for one of the best pizza's I've ever had...a tomato pie with ricotta, parmesan, fennel sausage and lemon. It's hard to find restaurants that make you forget about all the nuts and bolts that go into dining - the ordering, the wait time, the check.... This is one of those places that's purely about the experience - Paulie Gee, getting a beer with a friend, and gorging on delicious pizza.
I came here on a trip to New York while visiting friends.  My friend, who lives in NYC now, had recommended it.   High ceilings, wood beams and dim lighting made for a beautiful, rustic atmosphere.  That being said, I agree with Kelly S. in that it's too dark and loud to really have a conversation with people - especially in a bigger group.  It was hard even to see the menus.   The menu of pizza was quite large.  There were a number of different pizzas I wanted to try - always fun if your party wants to try a few and then split them.  Everyone was happy with their pizzas, including myself.  I can be a bit of a pizza snob but this place definitely earned a gold star in my books. Bonus points for Paulie Gee himself making his rounds during the night.  So I'm told this happens often.  He obviously had some regulars that knew him, but he also stopped at all of the other tables - including ours - to ensure that everyone is enjoying their meals and having a good time.
Great pizza, nice staff, and casual atmosphere. Waited 30 mins for a table on tuesday, but it was worth it. The only issue was listening to the pseudo-hipster chick lament of her cats recent emotional upheaval, but I guess I can't hold paulie gee accountable for that.
Best pizza ever. The hellboy is where it's at. Make sure you save some for leftovers, or just order a second one, because it's even better the next day-- not even sure how that's possible. Be prepared to wait awhile for a table, but it's worth it.
We ate two vegan pizzas with sausage, onion, mushrooms, chili oil, garlic, and Daiya cheese. The crust and sauce were excellent. We were a little disappointed that there was not more Daiya on the pizza and that we seemed to pay a lot for scarce toppings. The owner (I think) came around to chat and talk about how our food was. He was very nice and offered to make it up to us, but honestly the pizza was so good we had already eaten it all. We'll be happy to go back for more delicious pizza and outstanding customer service and kindness, both of which are rare in this city. Thank you for a good night, Paulie Gee's!
What can I say that others haven't already? The ingredients are super fresh, the oven is constructed the right way, and the result is amazing pizza. With good beer and amazing pies, how could I not rate this 5 stars? I brought home bottles of hot honey. I think the Frank's Hot Sauce slogan is best used to describe this honey...
finally hit up this much lauded pizza joint as a group of six.  they gave us an hour wait time so we grabbed a drink at the pencil factory.  it turned out to be less than an hour so i had to down my pint. they don't take resies nor do they take your number to call when your table is ready.   the space isn't tiny and reminds me of a warehouse/barn.  communal tables galore with a tiny bar up front. we were seated at the back table with a good view of the pies getting kneaded, tossed and slid into the oven. we ordered siz pies and two salads (both gates of edens). one pal was going vegan so had a salad to herself and the vegan with vegan sausage.  had a taste of the faux meat and it was extra soy tasting.  the non-vegans had: - hellboy (mike's HOT honey) - greenpointer (my least fav, probs b/c i like meat on my pizza) - baconmarmalade picante (my fav b/c hello bacon and sweetness, but i felt was the soggiest of the pizzas) - porkpie white (was decent, but didn't wow me like the above) and i forgot the last pizza we ordered. so my friend are pizza lovers and one by one said it was their fav.  i'm still faithful to difara and locali is a close second, but that baconmarmalade is  dang good.  my only criticism is the soggy middle though folding does help a little.  there is also quite a bit of excess outer crust, which our neighbors left a plateful of.  i'm a carb lover so i killed mine, but even some of my paulie gee fans didn't finish.  for shame, no? one VERY bright spot is that paulie gee does indeed stop by to check in with each table.  he was even chatting folks up while they were waiting.  that's superb. the service overall is quick, fast and on point. also they have mexican coke.  a buck more that regular.  a splurge i took.
Since moving to New York, I have become some what of a pizza connoisseur. That being said I have made it my mission to hit all the supposed best spots. I was in the area so I stopped in, at 9P on a Thursday the wait was 15-20, so I had a beer, by the time I was done the table was ready. The ambiance is great for a pizza spot, perfect for a date. In an adventurous mood, I chose the Monte Cristo - delicious, for those who like the blend of sweet and savory. It was a little heavy handed on the maple syrup, so next time I would ask, for it to be lighter with that particular condiment. My boyfriend referred to it as dessert, so it might not be for all palates.   He ordered the Ricotta be Kidding Me, which I had a slice of, Amazing. Over all the topping choices are endless, so there should be something for everyone*. What I find to make this pizza so great is the dough, the flavor and texture are exquisite. I will be back. *- Unless you are a ninja turtle in which case, they do not have a Candy, Pineapple, with Hamburger and mushrooms pizza.
i love it. delicious food, delightful owner and really nice vibe. sure you have to wait, but you have to wait for most good things. i'll be back for sure, A+
Great vegan pizza! The crust was so good!! Minus one star, though, for the SUPER loud atmosphere. Otherwise, great staff and food. Would definitely recommend. Just bring patience- the line to get in was really long.
I LOVED this place...So impressed...We decided to head to Roberta's as we heard a lot about it...The place looked a bit weird with communal tables and the hipster crowd. The wait was at least an hour and a half. So, we left and decided to go to Paulie Gee's. The wait was 20 minutes, we were seated in 15 minutes.. I ordered the Dellboy and my husband ordered The Hellboy which is a Dellboy with honey. I loved it. It had spicy pepperoni which had a kick but was not overwhelming. My husband loved his pie as well, as the spiciness was set off by the honey...I love pizza. Grimadlis and Pulino's were on the top of the list but now Paulie Gee's is on the very top of my list.. Service was great and warm. Paulie Gee came to our table to talk to us for a few minutes which was very nice. The atmosphere was so warm and cozy.. I will be back and I will bring friends.
In town for a wedding and swung by the night before to try this since we know a former employee. With an hour left open there were no seats available so we just ordered take out and scarfed the pizza down in their little waiting area. Atmosphere looked pretty awesome inside and a good draft list but this review is for pizza alone. Tried the Ricotta Be Kiddin' Me and The Hometown brisket.  Ricotta was pretty damn tasteless for having bacon, sausage, and basil but the brisket was solid and had a great flavor. No denying the fresh ingredients on both the crust really killed it on both pizzas. Good slight char flavor but way too soggy for being fresh out of oven, inexcusable. Maybe I'll try again if I'm in the area for atmosphere alone but if the crust stays that soft then strikes two and three.
Dough part was soggy, the seitan veggie sausage was plasticky and the regular meatball part gross. Def not my place.
Sorry to break it to you, America, but you don't know s$%^ about pizza. It f@#$%% sucks. There, I said it. The stuff that is being served at 99,99% of pizza places in this country is an insult to the whole grail of pizza making. Pauly Gee's is among the 0,01% that gets it. It is unbelievably delicious. They have a broad selection of both classic and new "creative" pizzas. We tried one with pickled grapes and cheddar that was amazing, and one vegan pizza with fennel sausage which was also incredibly good. The staff was un-attentive and slow, but the pizza good enough to give them a 5-star review. You have to check this place out.
Some of the best brick over pizza I've ever had...in fact it is the best pizza I've ever had.  The bacon marmalade pie is exceptional and very creative.  Paulie is doing some amazing things with pizza in this place and it should definitely be on your go to list.
I am 27 and in my 27 years of life, this is the best Pizza i've ever eaten. I've had pizza in NYC, Rome, Naples, Chicago- all places considered pizza city king, and this is the best. The amazing brick oven crust, the combination of toppings that change from month to month, oh man. The owner told me every 3-4 months they add a pizza and take one of the menu. The atmosphere is strange- it's lit like a medeval church with nearly all candle light. The outside is totally strange- other than a small sign, you would not know it's a restaurant or pizza place with big wooden doors and no windows in the middle of dilapidated factories. The staff are kinda unfriendly - hipsters who don't belong waiting tables, pretty unfriendly- but the pizza is so amazing you have to look past this issue. Pizzas range from 12$ to 18ish and it's best for a person to do a pizza by themselves, and it's good to order two and share to get a variety of flavors. They have vegan options but also a bunch of great pork and meat options. Decent beer selection, not too much on tap. YOU HAVE TO GO HERE!
Paulie Gee's is one of the greatest establishments I have ever been to. Been there since day one and have never felt more welcomed in any place. Paulie is the kind of guy that likes to walk around the room talking with his guests. I look forward to this every time. Incredible fella. THE FOOD   The food is unmatched. Never disappointed. I have had almost every pie and they are all beyond delicious. desserts are incredible, salads and soups are as well. I had the escarole soup last night and it blew my mind. THE STAFF    The staff is as great as the pizza. They are all warm and welcoming every time. THE ATMOSPHERE    Decorated with lamp shades and what looks like salvaged barn wood the place could not feel more like someones very comfortable home. The bathrooms are always always very clean. But my favorite decoration of them all is this little twisted fork that is hanging on the wall near the pizza station. I don't know what it is and if it has any significant meaning I just like the way it looks.    See you guys again soon.
Best pizza I've had in NYC and the one I got didn't even have cheese on it! We went on a Thursday night at around 9:30 pm. The place was busy but we didn't have to wait to be seated and once we were, the service was quick. I got a vegan pizza with kale (from the nearby rooftop garden!) and some kind of lemon olive oil. So good! My date loved his (non-vegan) pizza too. Everyone was really nice and while we were dining, Paulie Gee himself came by to see how everything was. We'll definitely be back.
I rarely give 5 stars, but this place we loved. Incredible rustic atmosphere, pizza, draft beer and salty caramel vegan ice cream...look no further for perfection...really. :)
Great food, huge selection and a very cool environment.  Service is lacking in speed and friendliness.   The place is a very loud atmosphere so would not recommend a date here but a great place to go with friends or something more casual.
Awesome pizza! I came here on a Fri night and although it was crowded we only had to wait about 10 minutes. We split the hellboy and cherry jones, both pizza's were delish but we both agreed that the hellboy was the clear winner. I cant wait to come back!
Paulie Gee's is a very nice place to settle and eat a very pretty and tasty pizza. They offer an interesting choice of pizzas and salads. The owner is Italian and very friendly with the customers. I like the custom of the owner coming to your table to cheer and share some words! The authentic brick oven in the back is also a good reason to try this place! You can come with your lover, friends or family! You need to not mind if everybody is on each other (tables are packed in the main room). Greenpoint is not very convenient, but according to me you have the best view of the Manhattan skyline by the water from down the street, so it is worth it ;)
Great. All the honey pizzas work. Unexpectedly dark for a pizza joint but it is better.
Let's just start with that I love pizza. Paulie Gee's in my opinion blows most (all, but we will leave that to personal opinions) pizza places in the area far out of the water. Hot honey, trust the glowing reviews - If you haven't tried it yet, you are for sure missing out.
We went on Sunday night with friends and the place was packed.  After getting our food, I can see why it was so busy.  The pizza's are terrific.
Amazing pizza!!! The owner is really friendly, the atmosphere is quaint and perfect, and the food was to die for! They also have a great craft beer selection. Get there right when the doors open to avoid waiting.
If you are a fan of true gourmet pizza then you might like this place. I arrived on a Sat at 7pm and had a 5 minute wait to be seated so that was great. Our waitress was courteous and promptly took our orders. Was feeling adventurous so I ordered the "hellboy" which is one of their more  popular pie selections. On first chew I was put off by the sweet taste of honey. Oh well, at leastI gave it a try! I also tried the "regina" which was just fresh mozzarella, italian tomatoes, pecorino romano, olive oil and fresh basil. My thinking was that I would revert back to the closest thing they had to a regular cheese pizza. The pizza was okay but again it was nothing to rave about. I chose Paulie Gee's because it had so many great yelp reviews. I think for that area it must be what the people like. Being from CT, I guess I'm spoiled by all the awesome New Haven Pizza in the area like Sally's or Modern Apizza. Glad I tried Paulie Gee's but I won't be coming back again. I will say that the service was very good for a busy sat night.
One of my girls had really wanted to try Paulie Gee's for a while. I was a little less enthusiastic as it's off the G and I avoid the G like the plague, BUT she was super excited. It was worth a trip on the G. I'm a crust girl and super picky about how my crust is done. I love all the different options. While I did think you should have an option about the size of the pizzas, they were very good, crust included. My friends were a big fan of the beers too.
my absolute favorite spot for pizza in nyc!! perfect crust: slightly charred, but never overly so -- i've been the happy recipient of a free pie bc paulie couldn't bear to serve it to whoever actually ordered it. pliable, chewy and beautifully puffy. sauce: what sauce? it's fresh chopped tomatoes or creamy fior di latte! toppings: this is where paulie's really shines. super fresh veggies (greenpointer!), tasty meats (porkpie!), intense flavors (garlicky mootz! delboy! hellboy!), and modern takes (guanciale instead of sausage? yes please). salads: 'gates of eden' = large helping of greens with a savory/sweet balance. i've been able to split this btwn 4 people. but if you're looking for more protein, the 'cheek corea' is a solid choice, but better for 2 diners only. desserts: i've always been so stuffed on pizzas, that i've only gotten dessert once: the baconmarmalade picante dark chocolate ice cream sundae. great ice cream, but a little b-marmalade goes a long way, and they definitely give you WAY too much on top of this sundae. wines: they have bottles around $30. good enough for me! service: excellent -- fast and reliable. paulie himself almost always comes by every table to greet customers and shoot the shit. he's genuinely friendly and eager to talk about his pies... and very proudly wears other pizzerias' merch as well. LOVE this place!
Dear Paulie Gee, The number one thing I would like to kindly suggest is to institute a wait list system a la momofuku or eataly where you are notified by text. The wait was quoted at 1-1.5 hours, so we went elsewhere for a drink. When we returned to get our table, we waited another 1+ hours. A total of 2.5 hours for a table. I don't mind waiting, but instead of being jammed into the tiny bar area waiting forever with no timetable and getting frustrated, I could be at a neighborhood bar drinking whiskey comfortably seated and alerted via a simple text. People would love this. I recommend this system because the current one almost ruins the Paulie Gee's experience. And that is a tragic thing, because it is a glorious experience. It is simply my favorite pie in the city. I honesty do not think anyone can hold a candle to their pizza, it's just spectacular. Faves are the hellified pork pie white pizza, the hellboy, and the bacon marmalade pizza. They need to fix the wait list system, then the restaurant / service experience can equal the pizza experience. It's kind of a buzzkill now, but would be a quick path to an almost perfect pizza spot. Paulie, if you're out there... Take the leap! Your customers will be much happier and this will also probably improve your bottom line in the long term. You got the pie down... it's the best of the best! Would love to see the whole experience at that level. Love, A Hellified Devotee
Absolutely fantastic.  This is the best Pizza I've had in a very long time.  The ingredients are fresh, the staff are friendly, and the atmosphere is breathtaking.  Both times I've stopped in, Paulie has come to our table and talked to us for a few minutes.  He's a real class act and he's truly put together something special here.
This is still the best pizza in town, no doubt about that. But last time we were there I was very disappointed that they served my wife a pizza with mozzarella when we clearly asked them to only use pecorino because she can't have cow's milk and cheese. Even worse when the check came they had applied a surcharge for the pecorino! We had pointed out the mistake so I would have expected them to pay attention; that got me upset. Summing up I would like to join the other few reviewers who had a problem with their service, which is definitely the weakest element of this restaurant.. But besides from that their pizza is too good to be true, so the not-so-great service only shaves off 1 star.
Blew my mind. Definitely worth the hour wait. Just get some beers at the bar and before you know it you'll be chompin' on some hot, bubbly pizza. We ordered The Mootz with vegan fennel sausage, Arugula Shmoogula, and Hellboy. Hellboy was simply amazing. Don't be scared to try the hot honey, it's just the right amount of spicy and sweet. I think they might sell bottles of it too! We casually mentioned to our waitress of a birthday in our group and by the end of our meal Paulie himself came by with a dessert pizza, candles and all! He was super sweet. Even with the place jammed packed he visited each table. Really goes to show you that there are still some restaurant owners that care! Can't wait for my next visit.
You've got to love Mr. Paul Giannone's story. Mr. Giannone, aka Paulie Gee, is a computer geek who decided to ditch his job to follow his passion for food, and became a full-time, self-taught pizzaiolo. When it comes to pizza, Mr. Giannone is a purist of the Neapolitan school of baking a pie. His pies are not only thin, but also have a nice, puffy crust. The pie is crisp on the outside, and moist and airy on the inside. All that is in his sauce is tomatoes[1], and Sicilian sea salt. That's it! And he makes his own fresh mozzarella, preferring cow's milk fior di latte. Although Mr. Giannone's pies are strictly traditional, the final creations are rather innovative. The pies that mix together disparate elements (sweet and savory; tangy and bitter) are a revelation, showing how tradition and innovation can coexist and give rise to something distinctly unique. Here are the pies I've tried: 1) Greenpointer - Fior di Latte, Baby Arugula, Olive Oil, Fresh Lemon Juice and Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano ($15). A lawn of fresh arugula is layered on top of the pie. Fresh lemon juice is squeezed on it, together with shaved Parmigiano Reggiano. This pizza is wonderfully refreshing! 2) The Parma D'or is a Greenpointer with also Prosciutto di Parma ($17). 3) Delboy - Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Sopressata Piccante and Parmigiano Reggiano ($15). The star of this pizza is definitely the soppressata piccante: full of flavor, thinly sliced so that it almost melts in your mouth. 4) Fire Up the Delboy - Delboy with Mike's Hot Honey[2] ($16). When it comes to pizza I'm a purist too (I consider pizza with pineapple a crime against humanity), but trust me on this: this pizza with spicy honey is incredible! The spicy honey serves two purposes: the light sweetness enhances the flavor of the tomato sauce, and the spiciness that of the soppressata piccante. The oven was made by Stefano Ferrara in Naples. For his oven, Mr. Giannone prefers Estonian white birch, which he says is the best wood for achieving the highest temperatures[3]. The crust that comes out of this oven is perfectly charred, and covered in airy bubbles that look like little pillows[3]. Mr. Giannone is extremely friendly and always willing to be engaged in conversation. He not only works the oven, but also delivers the pizza to the tables, and often stops to ask what you think of his pizza. The place is also very nice and welcoming, with high ceilings and a rustic, cozy feel. Good for an unpretentious date, or for a night out with friends. This is great pizza. You'll love this place. --------------------------------------------------­--------------------------- [1] Mr. Giannone spent two years looking for the best tomatoes, and they are from a "secret source" he won't reveal. [2] Mike Kurtz is one of the guys who works the oven. He gets his honey from an apiary in Pennsylvania, and treats it with chillies with his own secret recipe. The final result (which is called "Mike's Hot Honey") is a honey darker in color, with a distinct aroma, and a strong flavor. I got some spicy honey directly from Mike (I'm the 1st official Mike's Hot Honey customer!), and here are some suggestions on how to experience this wonderful creation: - as a salad dressing, with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and honey mustard; - as a marinade for kebabs, together with soy sauce, garlic, and parsley; - as glazing for shrimps; - as part of the batter for chicken wings. [3] yelp.com/biz_photos/pGr5… Note the charring not only on the crust, but around the edges of the soppressata piccante too!
Not bad-not great but still think Grimaldi's is the best. Pies here are fresh and interesting toppings but too small for the price.
Delicious pizza in Greenpoint!  We got the King Harry Classic and In Ricotta Da Vita.  Both were delicious but we preferred the King Harry Classic as it was easier to eat.  Definitely ask for the hot honey as a side, and you will be lathering it on all of your pizza by the end of the night. Not my favorite pizza place - but a solid choice, and cool atmosphere.
Better than Motorino on Graham. That pretty much says it all. Plus, the owner is super nice. I wish they delivered, but that might get dangerous.
Manhattan special soda...if you have never had one, It is definitely worth a go, especially if you enjoy espresso.  nuff said Boylan's cherry soda...of course ordered two pies- 1st up was the cherry jones-mozzarella cheese, prosciutto di parma, dried bing cherries, gorgonzola cheese, orange blossom honey.  wow!  Amazingly decadent.   Next was the bacon marmalade- red onion, mozzarella, bacon marmalade on top...excellent pie, very unique, and very well rounded.  IMHO, the cherry jones was a tad bit better but boy thats a tough one to decide.   Not your run of the mill NYC pie but if you want to try something extremely unique and not a basic cheese slice that you fold over, give Paulie Gee's a go, I doubt you will be disappointed.
Hellboy stood out, great pizza. Bacon was also very good.  Greenpointer and riscatta' be kidding me were decent, nothing special
When you have a cheapskate beast of an eater, a Brooklyn pizza purist and a doubter of the Hell Boy in tow, dinner at Paulie Gee's, a "gourmet pizza" hot spot, seemed like a gamble. However one brilliant pie of pizza won the hearts of some of New York's most hard to please diners. I was the biggest doubter of the Hell Boy. The idea of a savory pie topped with sopressata and then finished off with some spicy honey didn't sound appealing and reminded me of gross salty/sweet combinations such as that horrid McGriddle. Paulie Gee's proved me wrong but also made me question the credibility of my pizza tastes. Not only was the Hell Boy delicious but it's one of the best, new combinations I've tasted on a pizza in a long time. The Regina, a simple Fior di Latte, tomato, pecorino, and basil pie, was solid and appeased the Brooklyn pizza purist's belly but when the Hell Boy arrived he quickly embraced it and sneakily swiped an extra slice while the others weren't looking. With a nicely charred, airy crust, the pies are surprisingly light, easily allowing you to eat more than one. It can get soggy towards the middle but I was told that's quite normal for Neapolitan pizza. Although additional pies can get costly with pies costing upwards of $17, that did not stop the beastly cheapskate from agreeing on a second $16 Hell Boy. Despite the boys' pleas for more meat and a third Hell Boy (unga!) we ordered the Greenpointer for our daily intake of greens. The pie is exactly as described and my second favorite for the night. A classic arugula, lemon, and Parmigiano Reggiano salad highlights the lovely crust beneath it. The lemon brightens up the salad and helps cleanse the palate from all that hot honey on the Hell Boy. Where the Hell Boy succeeded in combining sweet with salty, I found the Baconmarmalade Picante lacking enough smokiness and bacon taste to hold up against the rather sweet marmalade. The Porkpie White wasn't quite rave worthy either. While I wouldn't order these pies upon my next visit, I'm curious about the other creative combinations Paulie Gee's offers on its menu. It was nice to see  Paul "Paulie Gee" Giannone himself working the room and checking up on us while we were stuffing our faces. I think our full mouths and thumbs up were enough to confirm our satisfaction. Thank you, Paulie, for a place where my friends and I, who have varying tastes in pizza, can come together and enjoy a meal, even if it's just for that Hell Boy.
You think you know pizza? You don't know anything. Paulie Gee flips the script and does things with pizza you could have never imagined. The man himself hovers around the dining room chatting it up with everyone which adds a great personal touch. Paulie Gee is a PIZZA GENIUS. You'd be a fool to think otherwise.
This place is amazing. I came here last night with a group of 6 people right at 6 pm when Paulie Gee's opens, and we were seated right away. The place is kind of dark but has a cool setup - you can see the brick oven baking your pizzas from the dining room. And it was relatively quiet at first, until about 640 when the place was full and there was a line out the door. We ordered a couple of the salads and three pizzas: the Regina, the grapeful dead, and the hellboy. All were amazing, but I really loved the hellboy because of the Mike's hot honey. Thin crust, but doughier than something like Vezzo. Definitely worth the trip out here, great food and if you get there early no wait. The service wasn't anything memorable, but was fine for a casual pizza place. I'll be back!
Good, but not great. At Paulie Gee's I can pay $15 for a twelve inch pizza that gets to my table in about thirty minutes. Fresh ingredients and a soft crust that seemingly defies the laws of physics. Or I could pay $4 for a drink at Lulu's and get a pizza of the same size for free in under 10 minutes. The quality is roughly one notch lower, but we're talking about pizza here. Bottom line: if I want a top notch pie I'm still going to pay a little extra and go for Grimaldi's.
"He got you, didn't he?" said the Boss with a knowing smile "What do you mean?" I responded defensively. "He gave you that jazzy presentation. Showed you his state of the art factory. Talked about the new markets he's going into, and convinced you based on the hockey stick projections that you should lend to him. Right?" "Yes, but what's wrong with that?" "Only that the product speaks for itself". I never forgot that lesson. And, it hit me right between the eyes as I sat at Paulie Gee's It's difficult to go to Paulie Gee's and not be swept off your feet. Dark, woodsy, rustic, with high ceilings, it would be an understatement to call the ambiance as romantic. It literally tugs at your heart strings, demanding your affection. Then there is the reputation of the owner Paul Gianonne, described in many superlatives, of which "consummate pizza lover" sticks to memory. His obsessive quest for perfection is well documented not just for the origin of his oven (Stefano Ferrara in Naples), but also the wood he uses. Mr. Gee also knows how to get the best from his staff, evident from the creative license on display with the use of "Mike's Hot Honey", and Mike would be happy to identify the many ways in which his product could be used (including with the Van Leeuwen ice cream served in the pizzeria). But, if you look beyond the creative ingredients: Sopressata Piccante, Baby Arugula, Prosciutto di Parma, Speck, fresh lemon juice to the core of what defines pizza: crust, mozzarella, and tomato sauce - Paulie Gee does not stand out from the many pizzerias that have led to the city's pizza renaissance. I know I am in the minority on this, and stand against many fine yelpers whom I respect, but no one in any honesty should be able to look me in the eye and say that either of the Fior di Latte or tomato sauce merit a trip to Greenpoint. While competent, they are completely unremarkable. The crust is the redeeming feature, with the char and airy bubbles, but it has been inconsistent on two of my three visits. I believe my pizza was made by a different person each time I visited. In fact, on my first visit the "pizzaiolo" burnt the Mootz which had to be thrown away, and joked with the server, "Tell the customer we are having technical doughiculties". Amusing, except that the server had thoughtfully allowed me a seat where I could "watch the pizza get made". So, while I did enjoy the Greenpointer - I did not think much of either the Mootz or Regina. That would ordinarily translate into a lower rating, but I believe credit is due to Paulie Gee's for the innovative combinations and creative use of ingredients. "Everyone's on yelp these days", said Mr. Gianone while I was seated at the bar. I believe he was talking to a reviewer for another food guide/website, while mentioning his star rating in The Michelin Guide. Indeed, everyone's a critic these days, Mr. Gee. Excuse me if I am not as effusive in my praise, but be happy that the reviewing majority appreciates your many talents. Salud!
I went here with my boyfriend on a saturday night. They said there would be about a 40 minute wait so we got drinks and after about 15 minutes we were given a table. We shared a huge gates of eden salad with fresh arugala, candied walnuts, and cranberries. We then got two pizzas, and each got a dessert. We thought that we would end up bringing leftovers home meanwhile we ended up finishing everything and each got ice cream. Plus Paulie Gee comes to each table and brings the pizza.. All in all a good place for a chill night
Paulie Gee's pies are the precocious children borne of a surprisingly harmonious marriage between simplicity and innovation. Each individual ingredient is fresh, and of the highest quality. Some of the combinations might seem a bit busy, or even ambitious; however, the way in which they merge atop that gorgeously charred, puffy Napoletana crust is undeniably delicious. Let everyone argue about the merits of chewy vs. crispy crusts, and where Paulie stacks up against other Brooklyn pizza greats like Lucali and DiFara; each strives for a different sort of pie and all succeed in their own way. The simple fact remains that this pizza tastes very, very good. And that's what matters. Combine these beautiful pies (truly, each offering is essentially edible art) with good beer, good music, good friends and the rustic room highlighted by that amazing oven you just can't keep your eyes off of...and this can be the perfect night out.
299 reviews? I'm psyched to be #300. Paulie Gee's has the best combination of food, atmosphere, and price that you'll find anywhere in this city. Love the Regina, the King Harry Classic, and the In Ricotta Da Vita. Like salad? Get The Gates of Eden. And don't forget to say hello to Paulie Gee himself! Take-out usually works like a charm, but when they're busy--Friday, Saturday, Sunday nights--they stop doing take-out so get off your pizza crust and go out! Love.
Prior to my incredible visit to Paulie Gee's, I was in a pizza rut. I would bitch and moan about Motorino's droopiness, and their unworthy praise. I would cry when thinking about the quality that a New York slice has stooped to in the last decade. I complained about the price of Roberta's pizza and the fact that their BYOB days had ended. When I heard that a Neapolitan joint was opening up down the street, where Paloma used to stand, I was skeptical. Skeptical- but excited. Months passed and I continued to hear good things about the Paulie Gee fellow. I slowly found myself counting the days until its scheduled opening. While I wasn't there opening night, I took the opportunity to dine there as soon as possible and was NOT disappointed. The ambiance is romantic. In the back room, the ceilings are SO high. You have a great view of the pizza oven, and Paulie Gee himself! We sat closer to the front, at mismatched tables that are definitely recycled. Heavy, with awesome detail...I was in love. I would be happy living in this restaurant. Anyway. Our order: 1 salad - A special of the day - fresh greens with dried sour cherries, walnuts and gorgonzola. I forget what the dressing was, but DAYUM. This salad was amazing! I don't usually like gorgonzola in salads but I've seen the light. This was damn good cheese. It was so nice to start our meal with something light before delving into the dangerous world of bread and cheese. 1 - Parma D'or - This. Was. The. Best. A pizza covered in Fior di Latte, draped with melt in your mouth prosciutto di parma, topped with a forest of arugula..covered with cheese (i forget if it was romano or parmesan) and lemon juice. This was definitely the favorite. I couldn't ask for a better pizza! I was floored. I secretly hoped my boyfriend would prefer our other pizza so I could just jam on this one. No such luck. It's that fucking good. 3- I forget what this one was called, but it was definitely a play on "Speck". And Speck-covered it is. Cooked tomatoes (almost a sauce), fior di latte, and speck are an almost perfectly harmonious combination. Now, I just love speck. I go gaga for it. But it really had to be cut into smaller pieces. The long strips that would span a slice were difficult to bite. It made for an awkward eating experience. The tomato substance was incredible...so vibrant and fresh tasting. I wanted to let it roll around in my mouth forever. Gawd!!! The cheese, which is made by a Brooklyn artisan, is just as good. Yes, the pies are expensive. Yes, they are lacking in the alcohol department. But why do you go to a restaurant? To save money? I think not. It's a luxury, people! It's not your right! And luxurious this pizza is. Combine a beautiful, romantic setting, with fresh ingredients, and pizzas made with incredible passion, and you get Paulie Gee's. I couldn't ask for more. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~ As for the people complaining about the crust...are you sodium deficient? This shit was fantastic! I know. I'm from Brooklyn. Shut it.
I'm a regular here. I love Paulie he is the best. My favorite pie is in between In Ricotta De Vita which is my bfs fav and mine too and the pork pie white with mushrooms. Yummy yummy yummy I take everyone here! Best pizza in NYC! Go there!!!
Reason #22 to love Brooklyn- Paulie Gee's If Paulie Gee were a grandma, he'd be one badass grandma. Not because he trash talks neighboring pizzerias (he would actually never do that, he's too nice) or because his restaurant is where a bunch of drunken fools hang out (actually, sorry, no booze) but because he showed me pictures of his baby on his iPhone, he twitters, and he has a Flickr account. Paulie Gee also goes by "Gee" instead of his real last name. Gangsta! Would you dare call Paulie Gee's pizza chic? I'm still struggling with the definition of chic pizza but find it hard to say yes when his pizza was born in his backyard. Then again, a lot of fashion lines are created out of someone's makeshift sewing room. Paulie's "baby" was a makeshift oven, built by himself, brick and all. No sticks, bbq grills, or pits. Paulie Gee's oven destined to be more. The man could probably build a rocket ship if he wanted. Remember, he is badass. Fast forward to present day. A replica of his baby oven sits in the kitchen of Paulie Gee's and his son is the one making the pizzas. A visit to Paulie Gee's is like going home... to family you want to hang out with. The restaurant is casual, friendly, inviting, cool. It's almost reminiscent of a barn for all you crazy pizza party animals. There is no beer (yet) but if you are special enough, Paulie Gee might offer you some of his Limoncello. The pizza is delicious, light, delicate, hearty when appropriate, and most of all fresh tasting. It's the toppings that I love: sopressata, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, arugula, olive oil... Recently I got an email letting me know that Paulie Gee's special was a prosciutto, gorgonzola and mozzarella pie drizzled with honey. Now that's chic pizza to me!! For the sweeties, Van Leeuwen is on the menu as well as a Nutella and Bosc pear pizza. Sounds like fun but after eating real pie (not dessert pie) I'd rather take a walk down the block to the real Van Leeuwen ice cream parlor. Okay, I know (now) its not just a block away, but it is close enough to Paulie Gee's. And yes, they are friends, obviously, because they're on his menu. So it's okay. Carry on with the Brooklyn adventures.
I love you, Paulie Gee's! Well worth the schlep from Queens and, yes, Manhattan. I can't decide which I like best: the pizza, the decor or Paulie himself. OK -- it's the pizza. The crust is perfect -- thin but airy. If I had one quibble, it would be the slight lack of variety in the toppings, but man oh man, these pies are crazy good. Seriously, among the best in NYC (and by extension, the world). When they get their damn liquor license there will be no stopping this place.
Not to be outdone by its pizza peers, Paulie Gee's has all the right in the world to be included in the conversation of the borough's finest pie. After all, not many pizzerias would offer the same line up that PG's is willing to offer, let alone a vegan option. In the end, this is still one of the institutions of Greenpoint and certainly among Brooklyn's best. Let's look first at the venue - dark, rustic, almost eerie in some respects, yet it happens to be a place first dates and big groups go to dine. With their frequent use of skylight, there isn't much of a need to have any real lighting beyond a candle or two. Service is fast, quite cordial and knowledgeable and know how to make a solid recommendation for pizzas when necessary. Speaking of the pizzas, the pies are not the monstrosities we often see at other pizza joints. Most of their pies are between $12-18 and despite them being limited at personal size, they're incredibly tasty. The Greenpointer ($15) is a perennial favorite and a safe choice for first timers, while the In Ricotta Da Vida ($17) is a hearty mix of fennel sausage, pecorino, with ricotta dollops, olive oil and fresh arugula. A fun one is the "Go Fig Yourself" pie, which contains gorgonzola, prosciutto, flor di latte, sliced fresh figs and orange blossom honey, though it is a tad sweet. The Bacon Marmalade Piccante seems like it'd be a popular choice at $18, but I found it to be a bit underwhelming each time. Whenever something has "bacon" elements to it, my expectations are usually a little higher (perhaps that's my fault). The major win for me at PG's is their vegan menu. It's not that extensive (and neither is the regular menu), but it does provide vegans some real pie options without settling for rice, beans, and a piece of bread. I'm a huge fan of the "In Ricotta Da Vegan" which contains cashew ricotta dollops, daiya cheese, imitation fennel sausage, and some killer Italian tomatoes for a serious bite. The crust of the pizza like all of the rest is quite exquisite. PG's is a nice alternative to the endless Polish spots, dive bars, but like the rest of the hood, is undoubtedly hipster. C'mon, it's still Brooklyn.
absolutely fantastic pizza, the best i've ever had. the crust is pillow-soft on the inside but perfectly crispy on the outside. i always get the hellboy (some kind of sausage thing with spicy honey drizzled on top- delicious!!!!!) but i have to drink like 3 glasses of water per slice. :P make sure you come hungry because you WILL want to eat the entire personal pie!!!! oh, and come RIGHT when it opens because that's the only way you will get your pies quickly. I WOULD give 5 stars, but here are my reasons for the lost star: 1. Pretty dern expensivo- a personal pie for around $15. 2. Usually the waiters are really nice, but at our last visit, our waitress was just super rude and snarky, and took another table's order WHO CAME IN 5 MINUTES AFTER US before she took ours... she had bad vibes radiating around her.
Paulie! Paulie, Paulie, bo baulie, banana fana fo faulie, fee fie mo maulie, Paulie. The thought of Paulie Gee's makes me wanna sing and dance. It automatically puts me in a great mood. Why you ask? Because their pizza is the best I've ever had. Yeah I said it. I've always been an occasional pizza eater. Occasional meaning I would select other food options before ending up w pizza. However, after tasting Paulie Gee's Hellboy and Greenpointer I did a complete 360. I have not been able to stop my cravings. Been back 3 times since 1st visit. Additionally, I vouch for this establishment each time visitors ask for must-try spots*. I admit it, I am addicted. Hellboy is a genius of a creation combining sweet and savory with a touch of spice. Thanks to Mike's Hot Honey, the flavors of tomatoes, sopressata and parmigiano reggiano  are taken to greater heights. The burnt edges of sopressata and charred dough brings it home.  It is truly a dish to try.  Greenpointer is light and refreshing pizza that has mozarella, fresh arugula, shaved parmigiano reggiano finished off with olive oil and fresh lemon juice. It is a great item to balance out your meal. As I am writing this, I'm formulating a plan when to visit Paulie Gee's again. Damn this weather. Damn you Irene!** *One of the best excuses to indulge "I have friends visiting..." **Irene you are a strong and wild beast of a storm! But not as fierce as they painted you out to be. Whew!
I dream about Paulie Gee's. Thank you for being the cutest man alive and coming to our table to discuss the pizzas and offering us a limencello dessert pie. I'm sorry I mispronounced baconmarmalade. I will return
Are you interested in the best pizza crust in the world? What would you say if I told you there is a place nearby to obtain a pie with such a crust? Really? Well then, read on. The BF and I were excited to learn that a new pizza joint was opening in our hood and couldn't wait to try it out. The decor is terrific and feels very warm and inviting. But this is not why you come to Paulie's. First, they have Mexican Coke. Score! Second, the ingredients are amazingly fresh. We tried two pies: Arugula Schmoogula (Italian tomatoes, baby arugula, olive oil, sea salt, shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano) and the King Harry (fior di latte, Italian tomatoes, prosciutto di Parma, Pecorino Romano, fresh basil). C) THE CRUST. This crust is soft and chewy and flavorful and pretty much the best crust I've ever had. I'd like to think it's the NYC tap water but I'm probably biased. 4) They carry Van Leeuwen ice cream. Lastly, the service was wonderful, which is a welcome departure from the petulant service that plagues The Burg. So next time you're in the mood for a pie, forget about Fornino or Motorino and head to Paulie's.
House Made Vegan Fennel Sausage and Post Oven - House Made Cashew Ricotta Dollops. Need I say more? This place is vegan pizza heaven.  Holy hell, I would come here every day if I lived in NY.  I haven't had pizza this good since I lived in Rome.
I hand out 5 stars as if to say, "Hey! What's the problem?" I've since realized that I've got to stop doing that, because it's SO misleading. I am going to revise all of my star ratings soon, so that you can understand what I'm really saying... I'm sorry about all my 5 stars that I don't mean. Paulie Gee's was the greatest disappointment yet. SO many 5 stars here, I just couldn't wait to eat it. I think you all are being charmed by the owner who personally comes around to ask you how you enjoyed the food and to discuss your pizza with you. They messed up a regular pizza. Their "Regina." So how'd they do it? TASTELESS SAUCE. NO TASTE. I SLAVE over the oven when I make my sauce, I put love into it.  I add ingredients! There was no love in that sauce. None at all. Tasted like canned sauce to me! Don't mess with my sauce! And the crust was subpar and undercooked. I can't eat much of my crust at brick oven styled pizzerias, because by the end of the pie I'm too full. So I take some bites for flavor and leave room for the pie. I do this everywhere and still end up full. Alas.... I was hungry when I finished my pie and I had to eat the crust, which wasn't so great. Paulie, of course, came out to ask us how the pizza was. I let my friend do all the schmoozing back, because I wanted to say, "Hey man, your pizza is overrated and your sauce is TASTELESS. Should I teach you how a sauce is made?" I couldn't muster up the polite lies and just smiled. HE KNEW. Oh believe me, Paulie knew that I knew. Gorgeous place, charming lovely owner, impeccable service, but it's really mediocre pizza. You guys have to believe me on this piece of advice... You want the best pizza in the Williamsburg/Greenpoint area? Choose Kenny's Trattoria. They've got it down. Afterwards the 3 of us  went to Lulu's across the street where we were offered free pizza with our pints. All 3 of us wished we'd just have skipped Paulie Gee's. That's kinda sad.....
So, so good. This place definitely lives up to the hype...I live in Morningside Heights and find myself visiting friends in Greenpoint just so I can eat here. I'm especially smitten with the "Cherry Jones" (fior di latte, gorgonzola cheese, prosciutto di parma, dried bing cherries and orange blossom honey). Also, the beer selection is totally solid. So yeah, in short: splendidly flavorful pizza + a pint of something hoppy and fresh = perfect prep for a night out in Brooklyn.
I can officially say that I've met the man, the legend himself - Mr. Paulie Gee.  Paulie "stuck it to The Man" and decided to pursue his passion for pizza.  Don't let his nerdy appearance fool you: this guy knows his pizza.  On that particular evening, Paulie was making his rounds at each and every table.  He was especially grateful that I had come all the way from Northern Westchester to sample a few pies. The Gates of Eden salad is an excellent way to start off the meal.  The mixed greens and gorgonzola cheese were nicely balanced by the sweet candied walnuts and dried cherries.  The salad is perfect for sharing size because it's important to leave room for pizza. Out of the pizzas that I have sampled, my favorite by far is the Cherry Jones.  If you're ordering a whole bunch of pizzas, ask this one to be brought out last because it could technically be dessert.  The creamy fior di latte and gorgonzola cheeses, combined with the sweetness of the dried cherries and honey is such a treat. Another favorite: the Anise and Anephew, which was an interesting combination of fennel, fior di latte, and guanciale.  I've never had fennel on pizza, but I loved how that mild licorice taste paired with the creamy cheese.   The Red, White, and Greenberg is another pizza that artfully masters combining sweet and savory ingredients.  Fior di latte cheese and guanciale were combined with super-sweet red onions and tangy arugula, making me wish I had room in my stomach for another slice. The limoncello dessert pizza, however, was a disappointment.  Limoncello is typically strong and distinctive, but the pizza topping was much more reminiscent of a sweet custard with just a hint of lemon.  Additionally, my first impression of the crust was "Wow, this is salty!" which is probably not what I would have anticipated from a limoncello (or even a nutella) dessert pizza. Make sure to take a trip to the bathroom while you're here - the locks on the doors are pretty cool! Overall, I think it is the creativity, willingness to experiment with unusual pizzas, and quality of the cheese that makes Paulie Gee's truly memorable.
Came for a friend's going away party and our reserved table was all set up for us. Ordered two pizzas and they were both delicious. Excellent ratio of ingredients. Delicious crust. You could tell the quality of the cheese and veggies were all top notch. Service was great too - the owner was walking around hobnobbing with the customers making sure everyone was happy. Good beer selection too. I highly recommend it!
Don't kill me pizza enthusiasts. I just wasn't feeling it. I came with a very hungry hippo and he kept going on and on about the pizza temple, and how this is the best pizza joint he's ever been to in NYC. So I got all worked up until I tried the Regina, with the vegan sausages. I feel iffy about eating anything meat related if it's vegan or vegetarian. I don't know about anyone else but, I felt like the sauce was lacking, and there was way too much dough to chew. "If your jaw hurts from chewing, that means it's good pizza." Is it really? I mean, I can kinda see that...but, oy. Maybe I would have to come here with an empty stomach?! We also had the Garden of Eden salad...other than the candied walnuts (damn you, allergies!)...it was fabulous. The place was beautiful and kinda reminded me of a barn. I noticed this one stunning waitress with a sleeve tattoo and an interesting hairdo, and kept my fingers crossed hoping she'd serve us. She didn't. Instead we got a conservative chick...but that's alright. I'm not complaining about the service...just an observation. We were seated in a corner towards the back and I could see the people making each pizza for each table. Props to that. Afterwards, as we were about to leave...Paulie Gee worked his way over to the back and asked us how dinner was...all I could do was just nod and smile like a drunken fool because I couldn't hear jack shit. (The place is unbelievably loud!!!). But he seemed like a sweet ol' man. Bonus: - I really like the bathroom doors and the fact that they have 20,000 toilet paper rolls available and not on the floor. The soap smells really good, too! - They also do takeouts.
paulie gees always has a line!  however, there really is no point to go early...  theres a neat lil bar a few doors down.  they serve lots of delicious beers on tap and bottled.  when the weathers nice..  drink in the garden they have in the back.   i always get the delboy with the hot honey on the side as a "dipping sauce" also, get the salad w/the walnuts.  it's very light and fresh. unless you can EAT... get one pie to share btwn two people.  it's more filling than it looks.   def a "date spot" and not your typical pizza joint.  think lots of mood lighting and loud music.
Met Paulie last night--what a sweet man!  He was doing his usual rounds at all the tables and when I asked, he told us about his motives for the vegan menu.  Apparently, he became more aware of veganism and how easy it would be to convert a regular pizza to a vegan one.  So he put a footnote on the menu saying "Ask about our vegan options", but no customers really inquired.  He then made an entire vegan menu to make it more overt and voila!  Vegans galore. Paulie even keeps up with his standings on Yelp; he was excited to tell us that now his restaurant is listed as "Vegan". Thanks, Paulie, for making such scrumb-diddly-umptious pizzas for vegans :)  The In Ricotta da Vegan (vegan fennel sausage, cashew ricotta dollops, arugula, tomato) is perfection.  And it came out surprisingly fast this time!
Best pizza I've ever had!!! Owner was super friendly and checked in on us twice.
A beautifully blistered and slightly charred pizza heavily bejeweled with spicy Soppressata (Delboy) was presented before me. It was love at first bite. The crust was light and yet crispy. I usually find pizza crust too bread-y, but this was perfection. A hot wood-fired oven is the key to a great pizza. It was noisy at 6:30, but an hour later, the crowds died down on a Saturday night. People might have wanted an early night because of the impending hurricane. I even got to meet Mr. Paulie Gee himself when he was walking around speaking with all the customers to make sure they were happy with their pies. What a nice man! Great cozy environment. Perfect for a casual date.
Good atmosphere, friendly staff and awesome food.  It's a nice twist on traditional pizza place.  The only downside is you gotta wait at prime time.
This is what I love best about really great restaurants/businesses. Paulie G, who spent much of his career as an IT geek, developed a passion for wood-fired pizza after eating at classic places in Brooklyn.  As a scientist, he built his own backyard oven to quench his passion.  Fed friends and family to much acclaim.  His passion grew.  He then switched careers, opened a restaurant where he built an even bigger (6,000 pound) pizza oven (which is the centerpiece), and now cranks out fare that rivals any other. Peter D. hosted an awesome weeknight event for Yelpers where we tried several pies and shared slices of each. If you like basic crust, tomato, cheese and meat - the Delboy/Hellboy is amazing. If you like decadence and a decadent dance between sweet and savory, the bacon/cheese and marmalade pie is unlike anything else. Another pie looked like a salad, brimming with arugula, which created a unique bite.   3 down and 15 more to try. The space is cool, the staff are great and the neighborhood has other gems for pre- and post- roaming.  I can't say it's the best pizza in greater NY (still many to try), but it's well worth a journey to experience, if for no other reason than Paulie is crazy enough to switch careers and build a $20,000 oven just to make you a pie he's proud to serve. Your momma never spent that much on an oven.  Give him a try.
outstanding! completely different! and a musssst try for any New Yorker who claims to be a pizza connoisseur ! I am still thinking about the Cherry Jones a week later. Also ALWAYS a plus when the owner is walking around and asking you how you like his pizza. He certainly is a character and knows his stuff. I don't think there was a pizzeria we mentioned that he had not been to. A plus across the board.
I'm so confused guys.  Were you smoking something when you came here?  Was there crack in your food? I get it.  You're New Yorkers, and you're used to people being a bit cold and sometimes even snobby, so the idea that Paulie Gee is such a wonderful person charms the pants off of your otherwise 'I'm disenchanted with the human race' state of mind.  Fine.  Service and ambiance go a long way, and this business has got it down.  I applaud them for that.   BUT A lot of people like me go on Yelp to figure out where out of all the places there are to go, they should spend their hard earned money.  I trust that you will lead me to the best bang for my buck, to that next epic foodgasm.  This place will not accomplish either of those things, and we should all be honest about it.  I saw many of you hint at this fact, then still give 5 stars.  Shame on you! Then, of course, there are the people who aren't writing at all.  My theory is that the people who don't like this pizza don't write reviews because they don't want to upset the owner.  That's why I didn't until now.  However, we owe it to the working class gourmands to set the record straight.  The pizza has no taste and you live in New York.  New Yorkers don't have to stand for tasteless pizza.  This is supposed to be the mecca of good pizza.  Recognize! That all being said, for those of you who love it.  That's great.  I won't have to compete for a seat with you at Robertas.  I don't mind that at all.
This place is great.  The pizza was really good def best pizza in greenpoint.  The owner was a true gentlemen as he was greeting all his customers.   One negative I wasn't crazy about the decor but other than that.  Delicious
I think I found Jesus when I tasted the  Delboy. Spicy bacon marmalade. Excellent cheese. The most flavorful marinara I have ever tasted. I am in love with Robertas, but the wait almost any time of day messes with my emotions.  Alas, I am torn. But the quick, and friendly service here bumps this place to one of my favorite pizza joints in BK. I also tried the Sixpoint bengali IPA, and it was most excellent! Also! Paulie Gee, himself came over to ALL of the tables just to check in on his patrons. Super sweet man. Amazing experience, and absurdly delicious pizza.
Good spot.  Will def come back. No slices. Nice selection of fancier style toppings: garlic, arugula, sopressata, speck. Light, airy thin crust. Not the best za ever but very tasty and easy to kill a whole pie. Cozy wooden log cabin interior with room for groups.  Nice friendly waitresses.
As the snow continued to fall and the Sound of Music played on TV, all I could think about was pizza. I want some pizza. While talking to Jennifer R during the blizzard, we decided to head out to Brooklyn to get some. We were serious about the pizza. So much so that we didn't mind driving through unplowed streets and parking on snow banks to get some. Well more like, Jen didnt mind me driving...thank goodness for AWD. After reading a few of my friend's reviews/ hearing about Paulie Gee's, I knew it'd be a good look to try it out. We walked in as soon as they opened and were warmly greeted by the staff and lead to a table near the oven- the overall space was warm and welcoming. Although the place was near empty when we walked in, they quickly filled up within a matter of minutes.While examining the menu we were approached by Paulie and engaged in a lovely conversation about the snow (of course), our commute and what we've heard about his fine establishment. He was worried that the pizza wouldn't live up to our expectations, but there was nothing to worry about...the pizza was delicious. We ordered The Mootz- Fior di Latte, Chopped Fresh Garlic, Pecorino Romano, Olive Oil, Fresh Basil and Sea Salt and a daily special, the Hellboy- which is the Delboy- Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Sopressata Picante and Parmigiano Reggiano  with a drizzle of Mike's Hot Honey. Both were good, the crusts were chewy but had a great crunch. I preferred the Mootz over the hellboy, think white pie with extra garlic to the nth power of deliciousness. The hellboy was good too but it was more of a preference thing, I'm not that big of a fan of sopressata. Our two pies and two beers cost around $40. If you are a pizza lover, you definitely have to check Paulie Gee's out. I know i'll be back to try the other pies soon...hopefully when there isnt any snow on the ground, but then again, that didnt stop us.
So good. I am obsessed with the Greenpointer. And the Hell Boy. The only problem I have with this place is you sometimes have to wait forever (on weekends especially) and I think it's a little overpriced. But it's so good so I don't really care. They also have great beer.
Paulie G's-  The envy of every white collar Italian in the Tri state- Paulie G went from making copies to making crust- he went from serving the greedy to serving ingredients. He overcame the incessant call to the office and now makes pizza- fairly well.  Well as most of you know, the story goes Paul made a brick oven in his backyard which evntually turned into the restaurant. He specializes in the smaller pies, made famous by, well, almost every little "pizzeria" popping up in trendy areas. It is becomming redundant to venture into one of these pizza restaurants that attempt to retain the beauty and unforced simplicity of the Pizzeria, yet fail in both regrads. Concoting unique variations for pizza is easy when a delicious combination is conjured and set aside a round spate of bread- but is it pizza? Just becuase arrugula and assorted greens and vegatables taste great when arrainged in this order, does the final product constitute a pizza? lets go back to one of the original questions of (italian-American) mankind- what is a pizza?  If it was up to Paulie and restaurants the eclusively serve up this rotund snack (lets call them smallpie shops)- pizza would be anything that can be placed upon a a yeast ridden wheat treat in a centifugal, yet not necessarilly radially uniform, array. Well, actually, im not buying it, (well ill try it once to see if my saucy instincts are incorrect since I have developed an aforementioned keen intsinct whereas I can taste the pizza by a simple gander at any pizzeria storefront withing eyeshot). So now for the pizza- Always start out with the most simple, or most similar to a "regular" american pizza- in this case, as in most, the Margharita. well, at first glimpse I was dissapointed, and and second glance I could already taste the Motorino like disspointment infiltrating my tounge....but at first bite- I was surprised. Quite a bit more tast than those other guys- Specifically the fresh Mozz was very tasty.  Sauce- nothing too great- Ive had better gravy from gramma (no suprise here), but still below average compared to the upscale pizza shop. Greenpointer- suggest by Paul himself (who is a extremely amiable and I wish great success in this industry and whom Im sure will gain said success becuase his products, albeit at times un pizza like, is always very tasty) Is an unpizza worthy of tasting becuase it is excently dressed with greens. but, BUT the biggest dissapointment, and one I was hoping Paulie woudlnt succomb to, is the bread and crust.  the problem with these wood burning ovens seems to be leaving the pizzaiolo with, if not an instantaneous soggy doughy bottom, one that quickly morphs into it. This pizza is no different. The result is a pizza that must be treated like the vegas showgirl you met at the Venetian. Utilized post-haste, and never re-heated (aka What happens in Greenpoint, stays in Greenpoint)
Recommended by a friend. I don't live in NYC so I don't know enough to be a pizza snob, but Paulie Gee's was impressive. Even Paulie himself stopped by our table to see how we were doing, to give us a recommendation to order, and to talk about San Francisco pizza joints. We loved this place. Delicious pizza... what else is there to say? It even tasted great when I reheated the leftovers in my cast iron skillet the next morning. A+ and the bathrooms were cool too.
On a lonely Greenpoint block at the northern end of Brooklyn sits Paulie Gee's, which opened earlier this year. Paulie was a longtime commenter on Slice who turned his homemade pizza passion into a restaurant (much like Jeff Varasano in Atlanta, but after only one meal almost two years ago, I think Paulie's pizza is better). Now, like DiMarco before him, Paulie is the spiritual focal point of his pizza joint--presiding over a giant wood burning oven with the word "Napoli" prominently tiled above the opening. Ambiance-wise, Paulie Gee's is about as far as possible from the utilitarian (read: grimy) Difara. High, angled ceilings and reclaimed wood dominate. The effect is to make the room feel far grander than its size (well-spaced tables don't hurt either). A battered wooden bar near the entrance also proved to be a great place to drink a Bluepoint Toasted Lager while waiting to be seated. Though the interior of Paulie Gee's (along with his more radical toppings) contrasts with Di Fara's classic style, both are presided over by a lone man slinging pizzas. Even with our Di Fara lunch happily bubbling away in our bellies (I guess I didn't mention that this was less than six hours later, how's that for a legit day?), we decided to order four pies for the three of us. First was the "Baconmarmalade Picante." With fior di latte, spicy bacon marmalade and red onions, the toppings reminded me of a Roberta's pie (they love their thinly sliced red onions). The spicy bacon marmalade was a bit of a disappointment--sweeter than I expected with a not very pronounced bacon flavor. Still, the crust, which, to me tasted like a perfectly cooked naan, was unassailable-- chewy with only slight tip sag. Not as exciting a pie as I'd hoped, but I could taste flashes of brilliance in the first crust, leaving me hopeful for the others. Next up was the Porkpie White, served with soppresatta, sweet Italian sausage, Fior di Latte, more red onion, garlic and basil. Good, but not great. Compared to the sausage at Di Fara that morning, it barely registered. Disappointment flashed in my mind. Yet redemption arrived in the form of our last two pies. The Parma D'or, which we'd ordered more out of "professional obligation" than true desire, turned out to be the best pizza of the evening. A mound of baby arugula (enlivened by a bit of lemon juice) concealed a perfect crust topped with proscuitto, parmesan shavings and fior di latte. This pie blew away the exact same pie from Keste that Steve and I had eaten earlier in the year. Really, it wasn't even close (gauntlet officially thrown down). Finally, the Helboy---soppressatta, fior di latte and hot honey is Paulie Gee's version of a perfect pepperoni pie. Again, the crust was excellent, with the added sweetness of the honey complementing the spicy soppressata and tomato sauce. Tales of overnight success (and concurrent, overnight hubris) are as old as Manhattan. Yet people like Dom DiMarco and Paulie Gee are the reason everyone is looking for the next "True Foodie Experience" to feature on their blog/website/in-flight magazine, etc. The lines are a testament to how few there really are, but that's all the more motivation to find the next mecca.
So, I'm from Texas and visit NYC a few times per year with family.  We do not have the level of quality/variety of pizzerias overall that NYC has-though we now have Grimaldis.  I have been to several of the highest rated spots in NYC by now and have stopped using the phrase "best pizza I've ever had."  How's this, I am a foodie and am difficult to impress and am a pizza snob.  The pizza here kicks major ass, and if you have the chance and inkling you should act and go here.  But pay attention to their hours and come early and expect a long wait.  My wife and I came on a Sunday 1 hour from it closing at 10pm and  were told we could not be added to the wait list because it would be over an hour wait time.  I placed an order to go and we sped home 5 minutes away.  We hit it in the oven for a few minutes and I was rewarded with an elite pizza. Crust, cheese, and the very flavorful sauce were top notch and not for nothing the homemade sweet sausage rocked!  Yes-go here.
In my experience with food, those who know little recommend me cute little brunch spots and wine bars that I secretly abhor. Those who truly appreciate work in and write about the industry, and even start up restaurants themselves. Enter Paul Giannone. A former computer programmer, with an ardent passion for pizza that had developed over 15 years, decided to switch careers and start a pizza joint in Greenpoint. Paul put the money and the mozz where the mouth and rebuilt an old bar on Greenpoint Ave. into one of the best pizza spots in all of NYC. [1] I had the Cherry Jones (fior di latte/gorgonzola/proscuitto di parma/dried bing cherries/orange blossom honey), and the Red, White, and Greenberg (fior di latte/guanciale/pickled red onions/baby arugula). The latter was my favorite, with the acidic kick of the pickled onions and slightly bitter arugula paired beautifully with the crispy, fatty guanciale and creamy, rich mozzarella. The Cherry Jones was a mirror image of RWG: the sweetness of the bing cherries and orange blossom honey complemented the fattiness of the prosciutto and mozzarella. The crust on both pizzas had the nice, pliant softness of a Boboli and the slight char and texture of a coal-fired pizza. Paul Giannone chatted with our table with the conviviality of an expert maitre'd. With his Martin Scorsese glasses and G train baseball cap, he asked us where we were from. After telling him our respective neighborhoods, he told us about a new pizza place that was opening up on Franklin Avenue. This was completely unnecessary and cool: although he made a referral to his competitor's business, Paulie still has the warm appreciation for the pie that started him on this wonderful journey 15 years ago. [1]: A great interview with Paul Giannone: nonabrooklyn.com/pie-in-…
Had heard good things all around about this place and ended up totally loving it. Pizza was delicious especially the hellboy and the inna ricotta da vita. Music was fun stoner jams and the decor cozy. Paulie Gee stopped our table and asked us how we were liking our meal. A class act!
I have been to a whole host of restaurants in NYC, but there are, of course, thousands that I've missed out on. Out of that seemingly countless number, one stands out as The One That Got Away: Una Pizza Napoletana. I reflect on this with regret, not so much because of the way it launched the uber-Neapolitan craze in NYC or even because of the alleged wonders of the pie itself, but because Anthony Mangieri's slavish devotion to his craft seemed so... real. Not at all put-upon. Never gimmicky. I really believed that that was just how he was built, to obsess over every single pie he sold. From all that I have seen and heard, Paul Giannone, though more casual in demeanor, is much the same way. From his pre-pizzaiolo days leaving heartfelt comments on the popular blog Slice, to the various interviews he gave during the construction phase of his place in Greenpoint, to the way he handled the post-opening hype monster and the subsequent come-down, the man radiates sincerity and warmth. His is a feel-good story anyone could get behind, his pizzeria so obviously a lifelong labor of love that to enter it can seem almost *too* intimate, too much an invasion of his personal space. But he disarmed me with a handshake and a smile when he welcomed my convive and I (already seated) to his darkly lit pizza parlor. "What brings you to Greenpoint?" he asked. "You, of course!" I said. "And your pizza." I wish you could've seen the way his eyes lit up; surely he's heard that a million times by now, but his gratitude seemed entirely uncalculated. "That's wonderful! What'd you order?" "The Anise and Anephew," I said. This was a combination of fresh mozzarella, guanciale strips, braised fennel as well as fennel fronds, and a drizzle of an anisette-infused creme sauce. The last couple of elements seemed curious to me, as they are both reminiscent of licorice. Could they harmonize or would they clash like slightly mismatched hues of blue? "That's my favorite pie!" Paulie Gee gushed. "Oh, you're not just saying that...?" "Well, there's also the [blank], that's also very good. But you can't go wrong with the Anise and Anephew, nope," he said. I wish I remembered what [blank] was, but the Anise and Anephew turned out to play right into my wheelhouse. Ingredients don't lie: the pie *was* pretty redolent of licorice. But it worked wonderfully. I particularly focused on the combination of the sweetness of caramelized fennel bulbs and the salty guanciale, trying to guarantee every bite had a bit of both because I was intoxicated by their complementary essences. And the crust! The best element. Although I was initially surprised at its wetness in the middle -- I had not been expecting quite so Neapolitan a take on the crust -- its flavor was perfect, salted just right, crisped at the cornicione more than most of the hyper-Neapolitan joints around town. The most informative compare-and-contrast might be with Jim Lahey's Co. That's a place I think is underrated, but it doesn't really serve capital-P Pizza as far as I'm concerned -- it serves shockingly good flatbread with some interesting toppings. Paulie Gee's A&A pizza, on the other hand, seems like everything Co.'s pies want to be: well-integrated into a coherent whole, creative, but also mindful, even worshipful, of its traditional progenitors. Given that, it was interesting that I was less enamored of Paulie Gee's take on a traditional margherita pie (here called the Regina). The crust was just as wonderful, and I enjoyed the way the fresh mozzarella was applied in smaller but more frequent splashes than the norm. But my convive rightly complained the tomato sauce was too sweet. Given the licorice-y A&A pie and the preponderance of things like honey and Bing cherries on other menu items, I suppose Paulie Gee has something of a sugary touch. For a margherita, I thought it was something a little different but ultimately a step down from my touchstones in the city. A little more basil on the pie would have helped. And thus I give Paulie Gee's four stars. It's a tough call, and it definitely ranks up there with Tebaya in the "4 star places I actually love more than many of my 5 stars" category. If Mr. Giannone himself ever reads this -- and who knows what can happen in this Internet-crazy world? -- then I hope he understands that though I could never match his sincerity, I was trying to live up to it when I told him, "I'll be back for sure." Because I will. Probability of return within 1 year: 95%
The best -- and most inventive -- pizza I have found in Brooklyn yet. I've been there several times now, and it seems to keep getting better. They now have their liquor license, and are doing it up right with a good wine list and a solid variety of beers. I highly recommend it.
After all the rave reviews about the Hellboy, I had to see if this pizza was as "flame"...ha...as everyone says. DISCLAIMER: I just came from another pizza establishment off the same line...I do not want to mention the name to take away credibility from Paulie Gee's but I was pretty full coming into this. Judgments may have been impaired... Atmosphere: Real dimly lit place. Would be great for a date. Wait time was minimal. Hellboy: The pizza ranks within my top 10. The crust on the outside has a nice char and chewiness that I like. The middle crust area was a little on the soggy/droopy side though. i.e. a second hand is necessary to keep the tip of the slice upright. But I assumed it was from the delicious homemade hot honey! The hot honey topped off the pizza with a nice sweetness after the spicy flavors. Who can resist sweet and spicy? It's not unbearably spicy or anything close to it though. (keep in mind my spice tolerance is pretty high so it might be spicier to others...) The toppings were good as well but nothing AMAZING. I would return though for more... Service: Bartender served me. Great job my friend. Also, they leave you a postcard with your check...and it just so happened I was meaning to buy one to send back to Chicago...major +
Thank you, Yelpers, for kindly directing me to this House of Noms. Ambience is fantastic: dimly lit and saloon-like (my table boasted non-functioning piano foot pedals). Brick-oven pizza is perfectly charred and chewy. Make the right decision and order the Hellified Porkpie White pizza with spicy soppressata, house made fennel sausage, and chili-spiced honey. Yeah, honey. Beer selection is well-curated, not overwhelming, which I actually preferred in the context of this neighborhoody spot. Owner was delightful and stopped by our table to make small talk.
From the interior work done by the Haslegrave brothers (home-nyc.com) to the absolute passion that comes from every pizza that comes out of that imported oven, this place is so amazing that I have not been able to write a review for Paulie Gees because I have always felt that whatever I write will not be good enough to convey how I felt. I really think it's beyond words, atleast beyond the words in my vocabulary. I have been going to this place since the first week they've opened a little over 2 years ago. There is not one person I know who I have not told to visit them. My girlfriend and I have made this our special place. I have started following Mr. Paulie Gees on Facebook and on Flickr. We tried to visit them on their 2 year anniversary a few weeks ago and we couldn't even get in because people know that this place is truly one of the best places to eat in the entire city. This guy was doing something he hated and changed his life with something he was so passionate about. He's both an artist and an artisan of pizza. If you haven't gone there then you should because his pizzas are just that amazing. Forget all your friends who think they're such experts of food or Zagat or whatever. This place is beyond what words can describe. You need to go at least once in your life, if you haven't already. If you're lucky enough to live in this city, then maybe you'll be able to keep going back. I never want to set the bar too high before someone goes somewhere but I feel like even if I set the bar high in this "review" for this place, you'll still come out of there feeling like your expectations were met, if not passed. See you at Paulie Gee's.
Love this place.  The food is great.  Very inventive, off-the-beat topping combinations. .. I especially love the pizzas topped with yummy arugula.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  It's the pizza place I've always dreamed of.  You'll wait a while for a table, but it's totally worth the wait.
After seeing Paulie Gee on the Food Network, we decided that this is where we would get our pizza when we were in NYC this time. Getting to Paulie Gee's using public transportation can be tricky.  You either have to rely on the G train or take a bus from another subway line.  Hopstop told us that the best way to ge there from our hotel would be to take the 7 train to Court Square and transfer to the G.  Despite our concerns about using the G train (we're told that locals refer to it as the "ghost train" due to infrequent service), we must have hit it right in both directions as we didn't have to endure long waits. We got to Paulie Gee's when it first opened on a Sunday evening at 5 p.m. and were the first customers.  The bartender told us that they weren't quite ready (so why did they open the place?) and a confused waitress tried to tell us that they didn't open until 6 p.m. (huh?).  When we mentioned that to another waitress, she set the first one straight. We were seated at a communal table that seats 8 but managed to eat our meal without any other company.  I had heard that this was a hipster hangout and wondered if we not only would be the only non-hipsters but also the oldest ones there.  However, as the place got busier, we noticed that it attracted an eclectic group of people --- families with young kids, older folks and yes, hipsters LOL! We ordered a Del Boy pizza which is topped with thinly sliced spicy sopressata.  Our waitress suggested that we order 2 and take what ever leftovers home with us.  But, alas!  We were staying in a hotel, so we nixed that idea and just ordered one.  We told her that we would save room for dessert.  This turned out to be a good idea.   The Del Boy was tasty with thin, yet chewy crust, mild fior di latte cheese and not too heavy on the sauce.  The sopressata ended up having a bit of a crunch but wasn't burned by any means. For dessert, I just had to try  Mike's HOT honey vanilla sundae with candied walnuts while my husband had a bowl of pistachio ice cream.  My sundae was awesome!  Hot honey---what a great concept!   The sweetness comes through at first, then the heat sneaks up on you.  It all worked so well together with the vanilla ice cream and the candied walnuts.  I would certainly order this again!  My husband enjoyed his pistachio ice cream. For my soda, I decided to try Mexican Coca Cola.  This is coke made with sugar and none of the other additives.  It's certainly different---but in a good way. Paulie Gee was there that night and schmoozed with the customers.  He asked us where we were from.  Figuring he wouldn't know names of towns in the DC Metro area, we described where our town was.  Turns out that he used to work for AT&T and made frequent business trips to our neck of the woods!  As we chatted, he also told us that he doesn't wear his G train hat so much anymore because he worried that he would get beaten up LOL!  We let him know just how much we enjoyed the food---and would make a return trip!
I went here for a late lunch with a friend. The pizza was super tasty! We got one that was just sauce, basil and a little parmesan. It was $10 and enough food for two girls. The oven they use is one of those huge domes with the fire inside. The pizza was done in minutes and had that tasty smoked flavor mmmmm. Next time I'm there I'm going to try one of the fancier pizzas and maybe get the nutella and banana pizza for dessert! One comment - The day that we were there they had no wait staff at lunch time (because I hear they are not usually open for lunch!), so it was pretty much fend for yourself. I thought it was cool that they opened especially for The Total Franklin Street Immersion event that day! It shows they care about the neighborhood. I personally didn't mind that they were short staffed that day, and the people who work there (and the owner) are just super nice people.
Best New York pizza everrrrrr. Lived here over 20 years and Paulie's is the best pizza I've ever had. The toppings are fresh, innovative, creative, and mouth watering. The place has a great atmosphere, and I love how Paulie walks around to greet people. Its quite a wait to get seated (1-2hr) but it's worth it. My friends and I just put in our names and go to a bar and come back.  The Hellboy pizza is my favorite. Can't get enough of it.
It's not even fair to call what they serve here "pizza." It's more than just pizza, it's other-wordly goodness that cannot be compared with anything else. Nearly everything on the menu is stellar and delicious. All the ingredients are fresh and wonderful. Nothing is overdone -- it's just right in every way.
The pizza here is pretty damn good. Make sure to arrive early for dinner before the hipsters swarm the place and the wait gets insanely long. We got there around 6:30 PM, and even though we were lucky enough to manage getting seated within 5 minutes, we still waited forever for the pizzas to finally come out since it was so crowded. Anyway, aside from the wait and the super hipster atmosphere, the pizza is awesome. I think we might have benefited from ordering some different pies though - both were a little too sweet actually. We got the King Henry IV (Italian tomatoes, provolone, beef meatballs, sliced cremini mushrooms and golden raisins) and the Hellified Porkpie White (Fior di latte, Soppressata, sweet Italian fennel sausage, red onions, garlic, basil, Mike's HOT honey). Between the raisins in the first one and honey in the second one, the meal as a whole was a little too sweet for pizza. But still, the pizza here is just really really good. I would have liked to see some more stuff on the menu, like some good starters and/or sides (all they have besides pizza are a few salad options, but c'mon, you know you don't make friends with salad). The staff is really friendly too, with a guy who I assume is Paulie walking around and chatting everybody up and making sure everybody is having a good meal. I would definitely come back if I was sure I could arrive early for dinner to avoid waiting a long time at the bar with all of the mustache-and-bearded-pork-pie-hat-and-suspender-­wearing locals.
Best pizza in the neighborhood. Paulie treats you like royalty and the pizza is amazing!
In reference to Andrzej's comment below: "the problem with these wood burning ovens seems to be leaving the pizzaiolo with, if not an instantaneous  soggy doughy bottom, one that quickly morphs into it." That's like saying "the problem with Boeing 747's is that you can't park them anywhere and they suck up a lot of gas". Maybe you're looking for something that isn't there? As in, your expectations are not in line with what is being offered? Wood burning ovens are the only way to produce an authentic Naples pizza. I am not going to claim that Naples pizza is the only "Real" pizza, or that coal/brick ovens are an insult to 200 years of pizza craftsmanship. I love many different types of pizza. Joe's is great. Artichoke's Sicilian is great. But Paulie Gee is not going for a NY pizza, he is going for a Naples pizza. And he excels at it. I had the "anise and anephew"- fennel, mozzarella, guanciale- and the "sweet regina". The anise pizza was a masterpiece. Often pizzaioli try and come up with new combinations, and often they result in weird pizzas (I'm looking at you, broccoli pizza at Co.). But this one was just incredible. Creamy, flavorful, perfectly cooked, and light. The "sweet regina" was a margherita with sausage on it. Very good, but it had the difficult task of taking the stage right after the anise pizza.   Great atmosphere. A bit out of the way for anyone coming from Manhattan, but at least the people there are mostly locals and the restaurant has a really friendly vibe- good place to meet people, actually.
I met Paulie Gee! And he is grand! Finally decided to try this place out for my birthday. Our waitress was a doll! Super nice and efficient. There were 9 of us, which they were still able to accommodate at 6:15 but there was a wait by the time we left... so get there early. We ordered a bottle of the moscato (which was delicious) and some other cheap red wine, and 6 pizzas to share. It was the perfect amount of food before going out. The Marina was actually kind of disappointing, compared to the other pies we ordered, but still, quality; you could tell the ingredients were fresh. My favorite was probably the mootz... is that the garlic one? They are NOT kidding about the garlic. but it was so amazing. Ah.. I might have to start going there regularly for that one. The arugula one was really good too. I kinda wish the center of the pizza was more crisp though, but the dough is really good so if we have to sacrifice taste for texture then forget it. As for the interior of the restaurant: so lovely. Wood and lamps and you could peek into the "kitchen." Paulie, thank you.
Wow, I just don't get it. This place is horrendously over priced for mediocre food. This is the best place to go if you want to get ripped off. After having a bad experience with take-out, we decided to give it one more shot and dine-in. The pizza menu is very limited. The pies are small - they feed one person. The ingredients must cost about 50 cents per pizza, yet they charge $13 and up per pie! The crusts were burnt! A CAN of regular Coke is $2! The ambience is lovely, but that's because they barely touched it since it was Paloma. Still sticking to my original review - save yourself the internal outrage and go across the street to Lulu's.
Fantastic pizza. Why you gotta be in Greenpoint, Paulie Gee?
I had this place on my radar for a while before we got a chance to try. It's a nice barn that was turned into a pizza place with a huge pizza oven in view. We went for their vegan pizza, especially since they have house made cashew ricotta. You can get a slice with daiya almost anywhere in BK but frankly, I'd rather pass. After looking at the menu, most of the pizzas had very little on them but had extravagant descriptions to make them sound fancier. Like, don't list olive oil as a topping. I figured we might as well get the pizza with cashew cheese, since that was why we had come, but it cost $18. That's too much for an individual sized pizza. Really. It had the cheese in dollops and has homemade vegan sausage with sauce and arugula. We could definitely have made that at home. Really disappointed with what we got for how much we paid. WTF is up with these vegan restaurants in BK getting way too big for their britches. Not that they are an exclusively vegan place, but hey, that's even worse for their prices. I guess vegans weren't meant to have pizza after all...
One of the best pizzas in the city and the world... great place for a date; would highly recommend.
I recently decided to go vegan. As a native New Yorker and general pizza enthusiast (and someone who previously relied on pizza for about 80% of his daily nutrition) each passing day has been an exercise in self-imposed cruelty, senselessness, and doubt. That is, until this past Saturday night, when Pauly Gee's restored my faith in the underlying order of the universe with two outrageously fantastic pies, neither of which contained any element derived from the meat, nor the breast milk, nor the ovum of any creature with a face. Pauly Gee's is not only hands-down the best vegan pizza I've ever tried, anywhere; it has ascended to the ranks, in my book, of culinary giants like Lombardi's and Patsy's, and has done so without the aid of any bovine extract. The crust is one of the most perfect I've ever tasted. It's paper-thin, but both crispy and chewy, and delightfully charred from the coal oven. In fact, it reminds me quite a bit of my other favorite NY pizzeria, Patsy's (in Harlem). The tomato sauce is simple and fresh, and clearly made with high-quality tomatoes, eliminating any need for over-spicing or over-simmering. All other veggies seem to be held up to the same standard, as evidenced by the "Vegan Schmoogla's" healthy heap of happy leaves. They offer daiya cheese for vegans, which was tasty on the "Simply Red" pie, but probably unnecessary, given the quality of the pie's other basic elements. Also, Paulie himself came by our table--not once, but twice--to see how the meal was going, and chit chat for a bit. What an awesome dude. I will most certainly be eating here again.
WOW!  We have a killer pizza place back home, but while somewhat similar it is just slightly better in all the right ways.  Maybe the best crust I've ever eaten... And the ricotta was SO FRESH!  Ug! Why do I have to live a couple thousand miles away!?  Go eat here... NOW!
Walking away from Lucali towards the car, Steve-1's wife would catch up with us for the final stop of our tour - the newest kid on the block and the only one that no one in our group had ever visited - Paulie Gee's.  A bit out of the way, decidedly hipster-trendy, and featuring an esoteric craft beer list and unique toppings (and names) for their pies I'm not sure any of us really knew what to expect, but when we arrived to a 20-30 minute wait it seemed that no matter what was inside it clearly had people lining up to experience it. Standing and chatting in the entry way as the wind outside had gotten a little too chilly for comfort it was only a matter of moments before we were inside at the bar and perhaps fifteen minutes total before we were seated.  With the space quite dark and the noise level energetic but not deafening we shared a communal table for ten halfway between the entrance and the handmade stone oven and despite the packed nature of the space our service was excellent throughout the night.  Starting with 2 pizzas and a bottle of wine as late 70's/early 80's rock played overhead I must say that of all the places we visited on the trek this was definitely the most fun and our conversation the most lively. Opting for one tomato sauce pie and one of the more out of the ordinary options, each with half meat, our first choice was the "Regina" - a bubbly pie with a lot of character featuring Fior di Latte, Italian Tomatoes, Pecorino Romano, Olive Oil, Prosciutto di Parma, and Fresh Basil.  With the cheese reportedly made from unpasteurized cow's milk the flavor was surprisingly intense (with a likely assist from the Pecorino) and the other toppings fresh, but what made this pie stand out for me was the spring to the crust - it wasn't quite as Neapolitan "wet" at the center but instead had a hearty "chew" throughout without being "chewy" - a fine line many pies fail to walk so carefully. For our second pie it seemed the rest of the table was finally beginning to get full (or else they just felt the need to indulge me as I ended up with three slices) but without overstating I think I can say it was one of the most unique pizza's I've ever tasted.  Titled Cherry Jones and featuring the same lovely Fior di Latte this time paired with Gorgonzola Cheese, Prosciutto di Parma, Dried Bing Cherries and Orange Blossom Honey - there really isn't much I can say that you can't imagine from the ingredients.  Sweet meets savory, smoky meets creamy - all on that same fantastic springy crust - it could've been a main or dessert.  Actually, for everyone but myself it was dessert. Call me crazy or call me a glutton, but a great meal without dessert just seems wrong and part of the reason I decided on Paulie Gee's as our last stop was indeed the dessert menu - a compellation of dessert pizzas, baked goods, and ice creams including one that really struck my interest - Van Leeuwen Artisan Dark Chocolate Ice Cream topped with Baconmarmalade.  That's right - deep, rich, velvety ice cream made with Michel Cluizel chocolate topped with crisp bacon reduced in spices to form a spicy pork "spread."  I really don't need to tell you how sinfully good this was - I only wish the marmalade had been interspersed in the chocolate before it began to harden, but that was nothing a little bit of mashing with the spoon couldn't handle.  Thick Vosges Mo's Bacon Bar, but Ice Cream, Spicy, and Better.
after three times trying to eat here i finally made it! first time it was so busy they were no longer taking walk - ins, second time was a monday they were closed. so lucky to have gotten in on a friday night. i waited a half hour to be seated, which was expected. started with a brussel sprout and bacon soup. O_M_G! it was insane. absolutely delicious. next came the salad. i dont remember the name but it was the first one on the menu, had mixed greens, red onion, bleu cheese, pears, candied walnuts. so freakin goood! next comes the pizza. theres so many different types. it was kind of hard to choose. i chose the arugula, parmigiano reggiano, basil and olive oil pie and my boyfriend chose a pie with sausage and prosciutto. we had a side of the hot honey and chili oil. seriously, the best pizza i had in my life. cooked perfectly, perfect flavor. so good all around. while you are eating the owner comes around making sure everything is perfect. hes a real sweet heart, so nice and sincere. this place was great, check it out.
Two words: VEGAN SAUSAGE! This is great pizza for anyone. And especially so if you're vegetarian or vegan! You know how pizza places often assume that vegetarians want gross oily roasted vegetables on everything? With no creative thinking whatsoever? Not here! They have lots of amazing options, including...vegan sausage. It's delicious - flavorfull, no weird soy aftertaste, not too dry. Even the meat eaters at our table loved it! We arrived the minute it was open. The restaurant filled up immediately, so anyone arriving 10-20 minutes after it opened would have to wait for someone from the first seating to leave. Very friendly service, fantastic lighting and atmosphere, and of course, delicious pizza. Go!
I visited New York in March. This was an amazing find in Brooklyn. Although, it wasn't a greasy slice of pizza it was still good. But what made the experience great is the fact the owner interacts worth the  customers. I appreciated that!
The final stop of my 7 pizzeria in one day tour was to end at Paulie Gee's, but it almost didn't happen. The first six pizzerias, in the span of 5 hours,  had filled me with a pie each, and closer to a six pack as piece as well. The troubling part is that I was a tourist with no cell phone, and only a vague idea of how to get there ( and only 50 minutes before they stopped their oven). obviously running ( it ended up being about 8 miles)  was the only choice, and of course it started raining. When I finally found the big wooden doors to the pizza temple, I pushed them opened and was greeted by none other than Paulie Gee himself ( internet pizza stalker). He said to me "son, are you alright?"  So I told him my pizza tale and how I finally ended up there, and he told his bartender to get me a beer ( he didn't even charge me for it). He told me I should put my order in since their oven was closing down for  the night in ten minutes. He was about to hand me a menu, but I knew what I wanted already. He was kinda surprised but personally took my order for a Hellboy and an Anise and Anephew ( he said this was his favorite pizza). I sat down at the bar and watched the buzz inside the dark room ebb and flow with all the good lookin' folks chompin' down and drinking up. I thought to myself that this space is definitely one of the more attractive places to sit down and enjoy a pizza, especially with his beautiful imported wood burning oven burning brightly in corner. My pizza's came came, and delivered by Paulie Gee no less, piping hot and looking divine. A nice cornichone with blister spots, and the up-skirts revealed a beautiful charring. But i already knew that going in, so it was all about the taste! Absolutely no disappointment. The crust had plenty of flavor and a good chew, and the toppings are applied so nothing over shines anything.  The Anise and Anephew had plenty of braised fennel and other types of fennel ( oh that anisette cream!) but that flavor did not over power the cheese or the guanciale. The Hellboy was like a pepperoni pizza done right, but with the addition of mike's hot honey. Its this sweet but really spicy stuff that goes good on EVERYTHING. Google "mikes hot honey", buy the bottle, apply to everything you ever eat. After downing my pizzas, and trading a few slices with the nice couple who also happened to be in town from Austin, and a few more local beers Paulie bid me good night. He did show me a picture of him outside Homeslice in Austin wearing a Homeslice hat. I was happily stuffed, and left thinking that Paulie Gee's was the best pizzeria i went to on my tour, and without a doubt one of the best i have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Too bad it was another pizza stuffed, beer soaked run through the rain back to Upper Manhattan.
When I want some fancy pizza, This is where I go. Service was great, the place was  very nice. I can't wait to come back here to try some other pies.
Paulie Gee was a computer programmer in his past life. To this i have to say, "What the f#%@ ?!" Why? Because he makes a damn good pizza. Paulie himself is in their making the dough. All the time. This is his labor of love. Great crust. Simple sauce (tomatoes + salt) and simple, fresh (and local!) combination of toppings.  If you're looking for a cheap slice, this is not he place. Pies are fairly small and $11-17 and you'll probably want a whole one (or I'm just a glutton). Get the Parma D'or (Fior di Latte, Baby Arugula, Olive Oil, Fresh Lemon Juice, Prosciutto di Parma and Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano)...you'll start wonder why you hadn't always been putting lemon juice on your pizza. Read my full review here: onegirlnodiet.tumblr.com…
Some of the best pizza I've ever had...if not THE best. It is always packed, but its worth it.
Gawd I miss this place.  Try the Hellboy: Pizza with honey?  What??!?! Yes, it works. Atmosphere, creativity, and it's delicious!  There really is nothing more that you need. Also, the owner is very personable and even gave us suggestions on pizza places to try here on the West Coast.  He obviously knows his pizza!   See ya in the Summer Paulie Gee's!
Cozy little space with excellent pizza.  One is plenty big enough for one person, and the crust is fantastic.  I had one of the specials-- Cherry Jones with Gorgonzola, bing cherries and prosciutto-- and if they're smart they'll make it a regular menu addition. Amazing.  Someone, I'm assuming the owner or manager, took the time to stop by each table and ask about the meal.  Thumbs up.
Combination of toppings you would never expect on a pizza leave you more than pleasantly surprised. Personal favorite is the Greenpointer with prosciutto, but the Cherry Jones and Hellboy are also amazing. Line forms for the the restaurant before it opens at 6, so expect to get there early to wait. Definitely worth it, and a must-try in Brooklyn.
Argula Shmugula.  Enough said!
Paulie Gee is a pizza master!!!  If Keste's dough is 10, then his is 9.7.  I'm penny pinching here.  He has great soft and crispy dough.  Great toppings....the pizzas are made with love.  If lived in Greenpoint, I'd eat there at least twice a week.....but I don't....so I can only dream about my next visit!!!  MmmmMMMmmM SOOOOO GOOD! I just want to add one thing here.  I see people complain that his pizzas cost too much.  To that I ask....have you ever made a pizza from scratch wit the best ingredients.  A 8oz ball of fresh mozz will run you 8-10 bucks!  That's good for about 2-3 pies if you don't skimp.  That's not counting the basil, the imported tomatoes and all that.....  Food prices have gone up about 25% over the past 7 years or so.  Great ingredients cost a ton.  Just because it's pizza doesn't mean pizza is CHEAP to make.  I love to make pizza at home and when I do I know I'm going to spend a bunch.....unless you buy the worst of the worst ingredients.  Then your pie will taste like Ellios!!! So give Paulie and his pizza making brothers a break!
Very brooklyn spot. Expect small restaurant with intimate decor and all the reclaimed wood you can handle. Now on to the important stuff (the food.) Pizza oven looks top quality and very warm which is always a good sign for pizza places. I went with 3 others and we tried a bunch of different ones but before that it's worth noting that they had a decent beer selection and Dr. Brown's soda so you know this guy is a New Yorker at heart. The pizza was very good, great even but I never got a chance to compare apples to apples (girls got to order). That being said the dough was top shelf with the right amount of salt, pillowy inside and good char on the outside from the oven it's what you would expect from a top flight pizziaola. The toppings were sporadic and delightfully limited because they still allowed you to taste the main ingredients of the pizza. We had a number of different pizzas of which my two favorite were the bacon marmalade which was perfectly rich and spicy with a touch of acidity to really bring it all together and the Fig and Prosciutto pie was awesome(my fav of the night.) Both were well balanced in the standard agri-dolce way a pie should be.  The food was great and the owner really knows his stuff. He and I chatted for about 15 minutes about all the pies we liked and where we have eaten. Let me say this, my journey over the 29 years that I have been compiling results for the ultimate guide to the NY slice and believe me when I tell you I have hit all the top spots this guy (the owner) loves what he does and it shows. He can tell you what he likes and doesn't like about every spot around the tri-state area and it's his style pie in Paulie Gee's.   Sorry for the long winded eval. Bottom Line: Roll, food's real good and make sure you get a chance to talk to Paulie Gee.
It almost seems pointless to review this place as so many people have expressed how I feel. Perfect brick oven pizza with creative flavor combinations, excellent friendly service. I just wish they were open 24 hours a day and delivered.
The pizza's were pretty good. The flavor combinations are pretty unique and yummy. I tried the Hellboy and Cherry Jones (there's bing cherries in this pizza). The only thing I didn't like was that the pizza got soggy pretty quickly. I think there was a little too much sauce for my taste. Other than that it good eats. Paulie Gee himself stopped by our table and gave us a pie on the house. Cool guy, nice place, and good food.
Oh, I adore Paulie Gee's. Their pizza is among the best I've ever had, with their simple pies and chewy crusts. The toppings are well thought out and include treats for your tongue like arugula and lemon, garlic cloves, bacon marmalade, and more. The restaurant itself is a sight to see with its reclaimed wood and exposed beams. The bathrooms are one of the more interesting I've seen and Paulie Gee himself is always around to play host, checking on your table and making sure you are enjoying your food. I'll continue to coax friends in other boroughs to Greenpoint with the help of Paulie Gees.
The pizza with spicy sausage and honey.  Also, the salad with cherries.
If there's one thing New York doesn't need, it's another pizza joint. They're practically on every corner, and with places like Grimaldi's and DiFara's to compete with, why would you even bother to check out anything else? Well, Paulie Gee's opened up recently on Greenpoint Ave in North Brooklyn and I have to say, it's phenomenal. I ordered the "Pizza Commander," a specialty pie consisting of arugula, cherry tomatoes, and shaved Parmesan. It was out of this world. The pie was small, but more than enough for one person. Splitting 2 pies between 3-4 people is probably the best bet. The crust is thin and crispy, and it's cooked perfectly. Though they don't have a liquor license yet, they have Van Leeuwen ice cream, which is just as good. Check this place out, it's one of the best pizza places in Brooklyn.
BLEW MY MIND! This is not the place to go for a slice on a Friday night. This charming shop has meticulously crafted "designer" pies! For some of the more creative pies the flavor is incomprehensible at times, but simply amazing. The more simple pies are stellar as well, with amazing flavor and toasty dough. Tucked away in Greenpoint, but make sure you make it here soon!
Paul Gee's opened a few weeks ago, and I've already been there multiple times... but that doesn't make me a fatty! I just live close(ish). And this pizza is worth a trip and a half. I went on one of Scott's Pizza Tours a few months ago and I'm a regular Slice reader, so I consider myself a bit of a pizza connoisseur. Well, more like a expert-in-training... at the preschool level. Anyways. With what I now about good pizza, eating at Paulie Gee's is more than a happy day for my stomach. It's a lesson in good food. The pizza here is simple, with all of the ingredients laid out for you on the menu. As much as I love everything I've had (I've tried most of the things on the menu), I admit that at first, the pizza choices are underwhelming. I don't like arugula (sorry Mr. President), so that immediately nixed several otherwise delicious-sounding menu items. The Mootz is delicious, though be prepared for GAHLIC! I can handle it, but I'm afraid that some Yelpers will try it and be devastated at how quickly their breath starts to stink and then write a bad review and never come back here. If you don't think your ready for such a bold flavor, order something simple -- the Regina is a fine choice. Sauce, cheese, and probably the best pizza dough I've ever had. It's soft and doughy yet still sort of thin. Perfection. Now, I was raised Kosher and know very little about Italian meats, so I'm going to totally oversimplify this. If you want meat, the Delboy has pepperoni (sopressta), the Spectacle has bacon (speck), and the King Harry has proscuitto (even I know what that is!), and they are all fantastic. Actually, I think King Harry may be the best thing I've had there. My boyfriend would argue that the rotating special Kuban is the best, with it's bomb-ass sausage, so I'm not going to name any winners. I like this place so much I don't want to say anything mean, but I have to admit that the nutella pizza leaves something to be desired. If you're still hungry, just order another normal pizza. That's why you can here anyways, isn't it? What more do I need to tell you? Paulie makes his own cheese!  Paulie is getting his liquor license soon! The ambiance is great -- very down-to-earth. If it's any reference, I live right next to Roberta's and I find that place too hipstery and pretentious. What even is acorn fed pig sausage? Does that mean the big ate nothing but acorns? I'm too Jewish for this shit.
Mostly overrated. I'm giving it 3 stars mainly for using local ingredients (Eagle St Rooftop Farm) and being somewhat inventive. Pizza's alright, but it's more hype than anything else.
We might have metaphorically crawled in here, but I would literally crawl on my hands and knees to eat at Paulie Gee's if that's what it took. I was immediately taken aback when we entered the restaurant. Instead of a regular pizza joint or even a more upscale eatery, we were greeted by a low-lit interior of a much older-feeling building with arches and high ceilings that is squarely anchored in the back by a large pizza oven (which happens to look like an imagined 1950s spaceship). Instead of pizza, I'm all of a sudden thinking Italian or tapas. I'd never considered taking a date - well, at least a somewhat romantic date - to a pizza place, but Paulie Giannone quickly convinced me otherwise. The pizza here is top notch as far as Neapolitan pies go. We ordered the margherita and the red, white and greenberg and were delighted by both. The crust has both the right amount of chart and flavor, and is perfectly fluffy. After a day full of pizza eating I could easily detect that the ingredients here were the freshest we tried, and had the best balance between them. The Man Himself, Paulie Giannone, also came over to chat with us while we were eating to check whether we were enjoying ourselves (YES!). Paulie is extremely knowledgeable about the chemistry and mechanics of pizza-making and is also very friendly. We had a nice chat with him about the ingredients and his inspiration for the restaurant, for which he recommended that we try Lucali. I'm glad we came to Paulie Gee's last on our crawl because it would have set the bar too high for the other pizza shops, but I'm sad we came here last because I was kind of full to start. I need to come back here on an empty stomach and have the full experience.
On a visit to NYC, we wanted to explore Brooklyn and ended up in the Greenpoint area. After a full day in the hot sun, we were all in the mood for some beer and pizza. Paulie Gee's hit the spot. It has all the charm of a neighborhood place, even down to the owner himself coming up to our table and asking us how our meal was. Great place to go with some friends and unwind. Also enjoyed the vintage farm decor mixed with the exposed brick interior.
Paulie Gee's was our first stop on our North Brooklyn Pizza Crawl.   Please note:  If you and your friends don't do pizza crawls around NYC then you are not really living life to the fullest. We had a reservation for 14 people at 6pm, opening time.  They seated and served us very efficiently for such a large party.  I really enjoyed the Harry Belafontina with the delicious meatballs and Arugula Shmoogula. Paulie was very friendly and was happy to talk pizza with our group.  His recommendations will help immensely for the Staten Island crawl. Excited to go back again and try each and every pizza!
One of the best pizza places I have been to. Regina is a must try.
Recently I've been REALLY impressed with the Pizza scene in new york.  Seems like each time I go out to eat for dinner I'm underwhelmed and unimpressed and out like 100$ per person for a dinner that just was not all that good.  SO, if you have felt the same trepidations about the new NYC dining scene, fret no longer because Paulie Gee will NOT disappoint.   The facade is welcoming, the interior is industrial but homey...took a second and the kitchen is turning out excellent pie.  Paulie is making the rounds at the tables too and that REALLY counts for something these days.  Not a celeb, just an owner who wants to make sure you get a good product for a fair price, and have a great time doing it.  All of the above are fulfilled beyond expectation at PG's.  Awesome job you guys!!  Cant wait to come again and again!
My salad was great and the pizza was good.
You enter through a wooden door and walk into a large and well designed space. The brick oven pizza is incredible. Imaginative and interesting pizzas are what really impressed me with this place. Paulie himself will be making his rounds and talking to guests. I had a 5 minute discussion with him once about other places he likes to eat and he knew of some of the more obscure places as well. He's a great guy with top tier food and deserves a 5-star review. Try one with the spicy honey, it's really unique. Probably the best reheated pizza I've ever had too.
Amazing. All around such a good experience. Great pizza. Thin just rightly salted crust. We had the delboy and brisket (ask for it!). Both were delicious but the brisket was too special. That day Mr G told us he'd procured it from somewhere else, not his regular Hometown. Service was great too. Friendly not pushy at all even though there was clearly a line forming as the evening went on. Then the decor. My god, since eating is half seeing, I definitely had my visual feast. The place is decked out like an oldschool barnyard. I tried to ask who the designer was but apparently it was an old employee? Either way she made the place incredibly cozy, warm, inviting to enjoy a good pie or two with friends. FInally, Paulie. What a swell guy! Made the rounds with diners a few times throughout the night. He seemed to really enjoy that we enjoyed our dining experience and was clearly passionate about his pies. Just the cherry on top!
