Really yummy sandwiches. Fresh ingredients that are paired well with other flavors. We had the tiger coconut shrimp and hosin meatball sandwiches.
This is definitely the best sandwich I have had in NYC. It is absolutely incredible, how much business these guys have in such a small place. I was there during the lunch hours and it was jam packed. The staff is very quick to serve and courteous even in such a stressful situation. There is little room if you want to eat in the shop. This is basically a take out place and there is not much room on the street or nearby for the tourists to sit down and eat. But it is the best sandwich place in the whole area so I decided to eat in their shop on one of those side bars. I ordered their spicy tofu sandwich and it was the best. I was skeptical about it at the time of ordering but I enjoyed it  a lot. I will be going there many times during my future visits to the city.
Delivery was amazingly fast - only 15 minutes. I had the Boneless Spare Ribs Sandwich. My mouth is watering thinking about it. I'm on my winter vacation in Texas and I'm writing a yelp review about this sandwich shop in New York. That's how good it is.
I've never had a baguette that reminded me of the cornbread until I bit into my Duroc pork sandwich at Num Pang. Now I want nothing else in my life. The sweetness of the bread melds wonderfully with the chili spices of the mayo and the savory pork, with Julianne's carrots and sliced cucumber adding a pop of freshness to each bite. Truly a wonderful sandwich.
Crazy good, dirt cheap, Cambodian sandwiches. The bread is toasted to a perfect crunch and both the BBQ brisket and pork belly were succulent and moist. The slices of cucumber and shreds of carrot adds the perfect combination in texture. The menu is so unique it made choosing just one sandwich extremely difficult!
This place should be labeled the "mecca" of sandwiches, just simply delicious. Good value for your money and real tasty ingredients in their sandwiches. Big fan of the pork belly, chicken and brisket sandwiches. The line during lunch time is unreal, its like a food truck but not a food truck. They started delivery few months back so that has been the new go to. A definite must try!
Had it not been for the other reviews I probably would have gone in a different direction than the pork belly sandwich. But that thing was ridiculously good. The line seems longer than it is and goes fast - I waited a total of 10 minutes. I gotta take a star off though cause the sandwich was sloppily thrown together.
I love Num Pang! Pork Belly and Cocunut Shrimp are my favorite.
Great sandwichs. Favorites are the Tiger shrimp, Catfish, and Steak. They are good the next day, and day after next. Used to take 4-6 sandwiches back with me to Baltimore. Ate them for breakfast, lunch and dinner. A must visit every time I go to NYC. Yes you are paying $7-$9 for a sandwich, but it has some damn good fillings and bread does make a difference. Space is limited, I'm guessing 12x12 size room, no tables but railings on side, more of to-go kinda place. Highly recommend.
Unique sandwiches at an average city price. Cool! Came here after several coworkers' and yelp recommendations. They all love it and decided to try it for lunch. +Points for being fairly fast with the lunch rush hour. The ordering line moved quickly and the food came within several minutes. Not bad. Love that they have little packed cups of sriracha and moist towlets to go! Awesome. As for the sandwich, I tried the pulled duroc pork (8.25) and the grilled corn on the cob (3.25). Huge fan of viet banh mi sandwiches so was excited to try. While banh mi still remains as my favorite sandwich, this sub is pretty good too. Pulled duroc pork sandwich was really tasty. The pulled pork was moist and soft. The vegetables were fresh. Bread was toasty and fresh. The only thing I would add is more sauce as it was really delicious... when I could taste the sauce. I wish the sauce flavor was more present throughout the whole sandwich. The grilled corn was awesome! Except for the coconut flakes (which wasn't my thing, I guess), the chili mayo and powder sauce smothering the corn was creamy and packed with flavor. Loved it. I have to come back and try the grilled skirt steak and pork belly. Coworkers say that's good as well as the salmon and tiger shrimp.
This was a great YELP find! I went a couple months ago during lunch.  I crave this sandwich ALL THE TIME. Food: (5/5) Pork Belly.  Get it!  I'm going to go back for sure to get this sandwich, I'm not even willing to try another one, because I love it so much.  They have fresh juices which my friend ordered a watermelon, she loved it.  I had water, so nothing to report there. Venue:  (4/5) During Lunch the line is long, but it manages to go quick.  I don't really remember much of the venue besides these two facts.  We took our sandwiches and ate somewhere outside in a park.
Dee-lish pork belly sandwich; super efficient lunchtime service. Good playlist, too.
Same as the other locations. Tasty sandwiches but they are a bit on the pricey side.   I'd pay a few extra bucks for these over a crap subway any day. Get the pork belly and add your own sriracha for a nice kick! The service is fast and friendly and it's convenient for those office drones working in midtown.
NUM PANGGGGG!!!  small little sandwiches with great flavor!  so hard to pick one.  I need to try them all.  So many great options to choose from... tiger shrimp... pulled pork... brisket... skirt steak...Pork belly!... shredded chiken with crispy chiken skin... And they pump the sandwiches out FAST!  so fast that there is always an order up but never a line.  At least thats my experience.
Great Sandwiches
I am a creature of habit.  I always order the same thing--the Pulled Duroc Pork sandwich--and today was no different.  But then, Fate took a hand.... They gave me the wrong order.  Totally my fault, I believe, because they called two-similar sounding numbers at the same time and I probably didn't enunciate mine enough.  Nevertheless, I didn't discover the mixup until I was safely ensconced back at my desk. Imagine my horror when I opened the box to discover, not my usual pulled pork, but a generous slab of glistening spice-rubbed pork belly topped with succulent marinated pear slices, dripping with mouthwatering sauces and resting on top of a crusty baguette roll.  Ugh! Well, there was no turning back now. This was my lunch, and eat it I must.  I took a cautious bite.  My mouth exploded with flavor.  Savory and slightly spicy, balanced with sweet bits of pear. Hmmmm. More bites quickly followed.   Well, fellow Yelpers, I must confess that Fate won this round.  I now have a new favorite sandwich at Num Pang: the Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly.  Well played, Fate, well played.
The pork belly is so good. So good. A little pricey for the snack-sized sandwiches (you'll need to eat at least two or three to feel decently satisfied), but the pork belly is definitely worth it. Also tried the lemonade which was way too sour. My girl had diluted it down three or four times before it was tolerable!
This place serves top notch sandwiches for relatively cheap. Sandwiches are about $5 to $7 per sandwich, although they are a tad bit on the small side. I recommend getting two, and you'll be in for a solid, filling lunch. I recommend getting the pork belly - so delicious! Not much seating space, so be prepared to grab and go.
Just bought the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich here. Very tasty. Little pricey at almost $12, and I didn't like that when I asked for no cilantro (hate the stuff) they said no modifications you can pick it off yourself. Um, how hard is it to NOT put something on top? It's not pre-made. What if someone was allergic to something they would still add it? Anyway I just took it off & sandwich was good. I'd come here before like a year ago, don't remember what I got but it was also yummy.
OMGOSH, this place was near my NY office when I traveled there for work. I wish it was here in SF too.. still dreaming about ittttt. I got the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich twice here =) (yes, it is that damn good. I like trying new things but.. that was all I wanted for my last work meal in NY) It's kind of pricey for $8 or whatever, but it kept me full for most of the day. Bread: soft and perfect to bite into.. where the hell do they get it from? It's so good. Buttery, airy, yet holds the sandwich up! Coconut shrimp: YUMMMMM! Perfectly cooked with coconut flavoring. And they don't skimp on the shrimp! Veggies: were a good complement to the sandwich! Next time I'm here, I definitely want to try the rest of their sandwiches!!
Immediately after sitting down and taking a bite two of us both remarked "This is a good f***ing sandwich." I can't speak for anything but the brisket and the pork belly but both of those are excellent.
Had the khmer sausage sandwich and the season pickles. The bread was amaze balls!  Golden, crispy,  crunchy and all over, yummy. This is a place for the spice lovers.
After my bajillioneth salad this week I decided enough is enough and Yelped lunch spots around my new office. I was so pumped when I found Num Pang -- sandwiches! unique flavors! pickled vegetables! I was sold. Yes, there is a line. It moves SO fast. The food was out quickly and omg was it good. This will be a permanent stop for me when I just can't stomach any more leafy greens. This time I had the chicken (glorious) but I'm dying to try the seasonal peach/bacon before it's gone. You read that right, peaches. bacon. too good to be true.
Tried the pork belly sandwich and was tasty as  people have stated. On the spendy side for a sandwich but it was worth it.  A little messy, so it would be hard to walk and eat at the same time. They have a little counter along the back wall to stand and eat at.
Solid exotic sandwiches, but feel like over they could be a little more generous on the ingredients/filling in the sandwich. The flatiron location feels almost like a dirty bathroom but somehow made "chic" with a little hipster decor - really not sure how I feel about it.
Had to check out this sandwich shop after reading all the rave reviews. The three of us ordered the Summer Peach w/ Bacon, Coconut Tiger Shrimp and the Glazed Pork Belly. My friend loved...... the summer peach with bacon, but it was a bit too spicy for him, yet he couldn't stop eating it - EVEN after some of it squirted into his eye, yeah I don't know how that happened. I had the pork belly, while L had the shrimp. The pork belly had a lot of meat, I would've preferred a lil sauce, but they are simply glazed and just a bit more pickled carrots. I think I liked L's Tiger Shrimp sandwich more, which was cooked perfectly and it wasn't overly seasoned. Both, were still great, I'm just more partial towards seafood than meat. They're a bit pricey at $8 or so, but the quality is there, so I'm a fan of this place. We also tried the blood orange lemonade, watermelon juice, and a berry punch. The drinks were good, but I'd rather spend the money on another sandwich next time. ;)
delicious- have tried about all of their menu and everything always tastes super fresh and good quality. there's always a long line though and I wish they had a spot to sit sometimes, but those are minor complaints. Value for price could be better, but I'm just happy to have a solid banh mi place close by.
I should've gotten the pork belly dammit!!!! Instead I got the pulled pork (Duroc) sandwich, which I think I mistakenly chose because it was on the "classic" list and I figured that this was their "signature" sandwich of some sort. The bread was ah-ma-zing. This was the highlight of the entire sandwich. A perfect sandwich baguette, lending crisp texture on the outside, while being easy and soft on the inside to chew through and meet all the other ingredients. The pork, however, was wayyyy too sweet. Looking at the menu now I see that it's described as "spiced honey pork." I guess I didn't see that at the time, my error. It tasted like brown sugar BBQ, which I think some people do actually really like -- if you're one of those people, you'll love this sandwich. It was basically a very sweet pulled pork sandwich. Because the sweetness of the BBQ sauce was so overwhelming, I could not enjoy the sour pickled goodness of the carrots or other vegetables. There was also a pink sauce mixed in there that resembled something similar to Thousand Island dressing (I think this was the chili sauce?) -- it was also fairly sweet, not spicy. The end results was that I felt slightly sick after eating half the sandwich. I would DEFINITELY - and I will! - go back here and try again because I think I ordered wrongly based on my own taste preferences. I write this review for those of you who are considering what to order. The Duroc is very sweet. Make your choices based on this knowledge. I suspect the other sandwiches would've blown me away. Next time, I'll get the pork belly or tiger coconut shrimp.
So f-ing good! Perfect place for lunch where you can just grab n go as their seating is limited. Line for lunch is usually long but their service is super quick. I've tried their Kamara Sausage, Pork Belly and Catfish sandwich, all of which, were mouth watering good and highly recommended. I think my favorite is the Pork Belly sandwich-it's full of flavor (some peanutty). The catfish is really good as well and is a bit on the cleaner/healthier side. All the sandwiches have the pickled carrots (yum) and cucumbers. The recipe looks quite simple yet so tasty!
I'll admit that I'm no expert in cambodian sandwich cuisine, but I found this place to make the best sandwich I've had in a long time.  5 spice pork belly was just out of this world.  Not to mention, took them about 3 minutes to make it all.  And all of this for only $8?  Can't get any better!
I can see why this place is a great place to get a quick lunch. I ordered the catfish sandwich. It was tasty and reasonably priced. The bread was crunchy outside and soft and chewy inside.  The stuff inside really complemented each other. The veggies was tangy and still crispy and worked will with the blackened catfish. There was too much sauce for my liking but i was able to remove it.
ummmmaaaagaaahhh.  This is me saying Oh my god with my mouth full of banhmi.  Its what I sounded like after my first bite of the ginger soy tofu sandwich.   Seriously yummy!  But not very neat - I had sticky fingers afterwards, probably from that creamy delicious soy mayo.  And fear not meat eaters, there are plenty of amazing looking meat options too, which I intend to test drive soon! Do NOT be discouraged by the long queue.  It moves quickly.  One thing - the sandwiches come out in no discernible logical order.  My number was called almost immediately, but one of my colleagues waited 10 minutes.   If you are looking for somewhere nearby to eat your sarmie - there is an atrium in an office building on the corner of Park and 41st/42nd which is open to the public.
Pork belly sandwich.  Could be the best thing that has ever touched my taste buds.  Words don't do it justice.  Love this spot.
This place is the bomb.com if you are into spicy food. Siracha is displayed at every table... Sign the place understand good taste. The pulled pork and vegetables are what I got and both were amazing.
Walking distance from Grand Central Num Pang prepares some of the best sandwiches I have had the chance to eat in the world. They are mainly under $10, and are all fantastic. The meatball and the sausage sammies are my favorites. A perfect sandwich for the ride home from Grand Central, or if you are going to the airport, I'd grab one of these babies.  For those staying in the oh-so corporate hotels, I would make this place my go-to place for food in the room. It is THAT GOOD! I ate here a few times since I was staying over on 42nd and Tudor City so it was really a treat to have something out of the ordinary and so amazingly good right down the block right next to the douche bag public house. Well, these sandwich slingers are truly amazing, and everything from the bread to the prepared meats is top notch!
Amazing sandwiches! I had the coconut shrimp and the mayo they put was to die for. The bread was also very fresh and toasty. My only complaint is that the sandwich was TINY! I devoured that sandwich in like three bites. Wish their sandwiches were bigger but other than that it's worth it.
WTF. I ask for a sandwich with no god damn mayo, and it comes back with god damn mayo. The guy said he couldn't substitute, I said great, don't put it on. I repeated this adersion to the guy no less than 6 times. The entire line knew "loud and clear, this guy doesn't want mayo". The pulled pork and bread was very good; however, it was still covered in fucking mayo. Regardless, fuck this place. And at $9 for a sandwich, it's not one dollar sign.
Stopped by for lunch as it's literally downstairs from my office building. Around 12:30 there was already a long line formed outside- however it seems that there is quite a lot of efficiency to their ordering system as I maybe waited for 10 mins max. Once I placed my order for the pulled pork sandwich and watermelon juice, I moved inside to wait for my order - surprisingly, my order was called within mins. I don't know if that necessarily counts as a good sign...but I'l give them the benefit of doubt. Overall, I was not too impressed by the sandwich, but I have to admit that might honestly have to do with my own personal preference....because I ordered the wrong item. I had meant to order the pork belly, not the pulled pork. The sandwich was well crafted and I loved the veggies on the sandwich, but the flavor of the pork was not amazing and the bread felt a bit greasy overall. On the other hand, watermelon juice was amazing just a bit pricey. But given that not many places offer it..I'll take what I can get! Would definitely come back (given it's so close and convenient) and try the pork belly- which is what I'm really craving for!
This is the new favorite lunch place at my company. My personal favorite is the Barbecue Brisket.
Excellent pork belly sandwich. Also had the lemon gingerade (tastes like regular lemonade) and coconut corn.  The corn is good but not mind blowing. Prices seem very fair and service is fast even if the line looks scary.
Love love love Num Pang! As soon as we got into the city we wandered around looking for someplace to eat (and checking Yelp, of course.) I am so glad we found this place! The sandwiches were great! I totally could have eaten a different sandwich from here for lunch each day while we were there. It seemed like the sandwich selection gets changed up a bit depending on the seasons (maybe?). The line got long during the normal lunch time (noon) but they are quick and you get your sandwich fast. They make sandwiches with everything on it and make no substitutions or won't take anything off....and they know what they are doing. You want it all on there!
I have to say that this place is quite the nice sandwich shop, especially considering the plethora of mediocre to poor lunch options that are rampant in the area. The pulled duroc pork sandwich I had was incredibly flavorful, had a good amount of veggies on it (to make you somewhat believe that it's not that bad for you), the roll was super fresh and slightly crispy from toasting, and had just the right amount of sauce on it.  They offer complimentary sriracha sauce in both little containers and large bottles in the back, but it was so tasty that I didn't even feel the need to add it on.  Next time I'll have to try the pork belly or the boneless spare ribs.
I love Num Pang.  Been back in midtown three days and I've had lunch here twice.  Yesterday five spice pork belly which is a sandwich from heaven.  The combination of tastes and textures in this sandwich are a cascading ripple of foodgasms.  I could eat this every day.  It's a bit messy so get wet wipes and napkins.  Today I had the Khmer sausage sandwich which was fantastic as well the crunch of the sausage went well with its inherent juiciness and the veggies and sauce complemented it nicely.  I may year here often.  Now have a pay app where after $88 purchased you get and $8 credit.  This to me is the Asian sandwich gold standard in midtown.
I'm going to cheat and mostly cut-and-paste from my review of their Union Square location. The midtown location is larger and has never been out of anything the times that I've gone. Pork belly FTW! "Pure sandwich perfection. Num Pang is the Cambodian take on bahn mi. It all starts with the bread, which they toast with garlic butter so that it's nice and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Chili mayo, cucumber, carrots, and other assorted toppings get added depending on the sandwich you pick. In terms of picking a protein, if it's available, go with the pork belly. Actually, as a general tip, if you're at any restaurant and see pork belly on the menu, you should order it! The pork belly at Num Pang tends to sell out pretty early though, but everything else I've tried there has been great as well. My backups are normally the pulled pork and the skirt steak; my wife goes with the tiger shrimp. Add an order of grilled corn and watermelon juice if they have it."
I have had the pulled Duroc pork and the roasted chicken chimi so far, and both were very good, especially the pork. The pickled apples on the chicken sandwich were pretty intense, but delicious. I added sriracha to both (because I'm just always a fan of sriracha) but I think both sandwiches definitely stand on their own without needing additional toppings. I also got the spicy squash soup, which was delicious. It was a nice combination of spicy, sweet, savory and tangy: very flavorful. The hot ginger apple cider was also very nice, although I assume it will probably be seasonal. I look forward to continuing to eat here so I can try the other delicious offerings, and I would definitely recommend this place to friends.
They have a few locations around the city- I went to the one on 41st near Lexington.  I stopped in to pick up a sandwich for lunch; I had the five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwich (Seasonal special sandwich).  The pork belly was tender, and although it was a little bit fatty, I enjoyed it!  The sandwich bread was perfect- slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The menu (on the app) says all sandwiches come with cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro and chili Mayo- but the pork belly sandwich also has slices of pickled Asian pear which was a nice addition.  I thought the size of the sandwich was good for a work day, no after lunch napping required. They also have an App (which works in all their locations), you have to link a credit card and use the app to pay but you start off with a $3 credit, and it's a loyalty program where you earn an $8 credit when you spend $88.  My sandwich came out to $9.25 on its own. The space is a bit cramped and there is no seating to eat there, but you can order online and they deliver!  As soon as you get inside, find the line to order.  The people waiting for their food were mixing with the ordering line so it was a bit confusing at first.  Although the place was crowded I was in and out very quickly.  I think I waited about 2 minutes to order, and less than 5 minutes to get my sandwich.   Lastly they have small containers of Sriracha sauce on the counter, grab one or two if you like your food spicy!  I'll definitely be back!!
After weeks of craving the pork belly sandwich that I first tried over in the Village (see other Num Pang review), I finally made it over to the one in Midtown with a few friends. At first I worried that because it was in Midtown and so close to Grand Central, that the sandwiches might pale in comparison. But upon taking that first bite into the perfectly toasted baguette with the juices flowing into my mouth, I quicky dismissed all of my fears and savored every bite. I don't even like pork that much, but there's something about that pork belly sandwich that never fails to deliver. Key differences between this spot and the other location are that it's a little less cute and there's no seating, but the sandwiches are equally good, if not better. Maybe one day I'll branch out and try a different type of sandwich. Or maybe I'll just stick to the pork belly. Either way, I'll definitely be back!
Ordered delivery at work numerous times and it's consistent. Unique and delicious sandwiches..love that they have vegetarian choices.  tip - don't miss the corn on the cob.
Delicious sandwiches. So much flavors. Only been here once and I love it. Will recommend it to all. I had the pulled pork and it was so good. The flavors of the pork, carrots, cucumber, sauce and the bread too. Best part is the prices.
The skirt steak sandwich was amazing.  Although for a sandwich it is a bit pricey considering I ordered at lunch time.  The Apple ginger cider was very delightful.  Definitely a must try.  I'm looking forward to trying the other items.
I order in from this place RARELY because it's so freaking tasty it makes me want to cry.   The sandwiches look like no big deal and with their basic ingredients you might think how tasty can these be?  Let me tell you, I don't know if it's their bread which is crispy and soft at the same time or their delicious teeny bit of cilantro they put but THE SANDWICHES ARE OUT OF THIS WORLD.  Too small for my taste because I wish they were foot longs!  I get the coconut tiger shrimp and the guys at my office always get the pork belly.
Came here at an irregular hour.  Just as expected for the place. Had the fish of the day which was Mahi Mahi, was very good.  The most impressive thing was that I was able to eat the sandwich standing, container in one hand, sandwich int he other.  Nothing fell out.  Hard to find a sandwich so messy where everything stays inside the bread.   Best part about this place is the wetnaps and water. Will repeat.
Ordered food here many times but this time around I had the worst experience ever!!!  I ordered the tiger shrimp bahn mi sandwich and when i opened it i saw two tiny shrimps! I called up the grand central location to ask why this was the case and they responded, " That cannot be, I am pretty confident that there are at least 5 shrimps in each sandwich" WTF! I think I know how to count to 5 and nope...I see two.  Basically nothing got resolved and the "manager" Lisa was a biatch~  Listen, learn how to respect your customers!!
Tried the pork belly sandwich, grilled portobello and blood orange lemonade. They had very limited seating upstairs but we were lucky enough to sit down. The pork belly was great as all the other reviewers said and the portobello was juicy and flavorful. The carrots (in both) and the picked asian pear (I think it was in the pork belly) added sweetness and crunch to the sandwich. I loved it and I think I will try the midtown location next time since it's close to my workplace. Price-wise, all three items for a total of $19.30, was not too bad at all. And it is a reasonable weekday lunch option (for me that means under $10 for a meal) if I choose not to drink the lemonade.
Yay! Viet bread near work. Worried that we would be in a line, me and my coworker went early to ordered the five spice glazed pork belly. Def was a good idea because by the time we got out of the small shop, approx 12:15PM, there was a line. Too bad you can't order and pick up in advance. Abosolutely delicious pork belly sandwich. It's not like your conventional viet bread where its on the french bread, it's on a mini one. Toasted really well and filled with shredded carrots, slices of pear and cucumber and saucy pork belly. Though I didn't think it was filling, I will def be back cause they have a stamp card (buy 10 get 1 free) and there's so many more tasty sandwiches to try!
A friend recommended this place and to be honest I was surprised. These sandwiches are awesome. I tried the tofu and mushroom sandwiches both were perfect. I took off one star because of the service.
I have been meaning to try this place for a few weeks now, and I'm really pissed that I hadn't gone sooner. I tried the brisket  almost by default as they were sold out of the pork belly and sausage. I asked to have it sans cilantro and the (very nice) girl behind the counter explained that they don't make alterations (which I wasn't too fond of).  But after removing the cilantro myself and taking my first bite I was over it immediately.  I am not kidding when I say that that sandwich was the best thing I've eaten in a very long time. In fact, I can't remember ever eating a sandwich that good ever.   It was just flat out ridiculous.   Gonna be a regular for sure.
Holy cow!  Or should I say holy sow!!!!  The pulled Duroc pork sandwich was probably one of the BEST sandwiches I think I've ever had.  I can't remember the last time I was so gob-smacked by the simple yet unbelievable flavor combos that were in this sandwich.  Baguette perfectly toasted, pork melt in your mouth yummy, and Asian accompaniments made the whole thing perfect.   After I read some of the other knockout reviews, I thought "yeah, right".  Bust out of your Subway, deli, fast-food rut and dash to try this place.  Really. Can't wait to go back and try other things here as well. Simply marvelous.
Not being locals ourselves, my friends and I fired up yelp and decided to try one of the most popular banh mi joints in manhattan (according to yelp). When we walked into the shop and not a single person was Vietnamese we new something was wrong. Nevertheless we ordered away. If you're like us and want to feast on 2 or 3 subs for a relatively cheap price, MOVE ON. All you'll find here is moderately-tasty disappointment. In short this place is not the humble, family-run sub place I've learned to love. The banh mi is small and quite pricy, the bread is pretty hard, and the flavors are more american than viet. My subs barely had any vegetables on them.
Nice taste small no stiing in house
Just stopped by Num Pang Midtown location to try their sandwiches. I called for pick up and they would only take phone orders if you provide credit card in advance. Just as an FYI. I got the classic coconut shrimp and their seasonal pork belly sandwich. The coconut shrimp is $10.50, which is a bit pricey for a Cambodian sandwich and for its size to be honest. However, it does have unique flavors. It is sweet with coconut sugar and light shrimp taste paired with carrot pickles on really nicely toasted French baguette. The pork belly is very tender and has a nice marinate flavor. It is $8.50. Again, it is not cheap but it is acceptable for the location it serves. Overall, it is a good exotic sandwich joint and the quality of sandwiches are great. If you love Asian sandwiches, Num Pang will not disappoint.
Num Pang is one of my favorite sandwich shops and I recently discovered there was one a couple of train stops away.  This location is super speedy, after ordering my catfish sandwich and grilled corn, my order was ready to go after about a 5 minute.  Not long at all!  I've tried the pork belly sandwich which I absolutely love so I decided to go with the catfish this time.  It was great and had a very similar  flavor to the pork belly.  It was quite spicy for me though but I have a low tolerance for spice.  The grilled corn was insanely delicious.  Every bite was a little sweet and spicy at the same time.  It is true what the others have said, the coconut flakes and seasoning are all over the sides of the aluminum foil it's wrapped in but just grab a fork and put it back onto your next bite!  Next time I want to try their watermelon juice drink!
more a 2.5 then a 2 I have heard so many good things about this place, I thought I check it out. I ordered the catfish sandwhich and 2 minutes later I got it. I took a bite, and it tasted kind of weird. The bread was a bit soft for me and I wasn't crazy about the chili Mayo. Since it mixed with the odd seasoning of the catfish, maybe the two didn't work out. The biggest thing for me was the size. It was too small. I have had better bahn mi style sandwhiches in Manhattah. Having said that, I'm willing to try this place again however and get the pork belly...since that what everyone was raving about. Hopefully my sandwhich will be better.
I've been to three Num Pang locations around NYC, and every single time has been spot on. Love that they offer different vegetarian options like cauliflower and tofu as well. If you're looking for something outside of the ordinary, these Cambodian/Vietnamese fusion sandwiches hit the spot.
Met up with a friend who suggested this place (was originally gonna too subway because it was convenient) SO glad we decided to come here instead (mostly because I don't care for subway in the first place) but the pulled pork was amazing. There was so much flavor with not too many ingredients! The sandwich seemed small at first but when I was finished, I wasn't left hungry. It doesn't stuff you to the brim but it doesn't leave you with an empty stomach. I could've eaten more because the flavor was so good but will settle for going back again. Would absolutely recommend this place. Can't wait to go back and try something else!
Don't be fooled by the funky name; this place is legit.  (Has normal sandwiches.)  I've only been here once, but it truly was excellent.  I'm a serious sandwich eater, and snobby one at that, and this place took it down. My wife ordered a salad and wasn't too thrilled with it. I would stick with a sandwich.
Did someone say PORK BELLY? I couldn't resist and ordered the Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly with asian pear ($8.50). I loved how flavorful the meat was and how there was still a little bit of fat melting off with the tender meat. That is perfection. The pear was a nice (and unexpected) touch, but it didn't do much for me. I also really enjoyed the bread - it was crunchy without being too hard or dry like some banh mi sandwiches I've had at other places. This sandwich shop has little seating, so I packed it and ate outside the beautiful Bryant Park a few blocks away. Instead of ketchup, they have little to-go containers of sriracha! Overall, a little bit more than I would like to pay for lunch, but the food really speaks for itself. I give this 4/5 because the other sandwiches I tried were only okay. Stick with the pork. P.S. VERY busy lunch during the weekday. (Think the metro at rush hour). Would avoid during prime time. P.P.S. I am not ashamed that I came here 3 weeks in a row.
Best Sandwich I've Ever Had. Bar None. I've only been able to try the Ginger BBQ Brisket b/c I can't bring myself to waiver from the greatest. The flavor combination in this sandwich is mind blowingly good; its like nothing I've ever had before. There is so much flavor packed into this thing from the ginger, bbq sauce, pickled veggies, cilantro, and chili mayo. The bread is perfect for this type of sandwich and is baked to perfection. There is salt, sweet, and crunch in every bite. Its like an orgy in your mouth. This locale serves beer & wine = BONUS.
Letter to myself for when a time machine is invented Dear Self, This is you in the year 2012.  Please don't make me wait so long to eat at Num Pang's.  The pork belly is top notch. And don't worry about the potential weight gain because we didn't move to NYC, but you will wish we had.  However, I have committed to eating one a day for the next four and all subsequent visits. Note that I am not committing on how healthy the sandwich is or isn't, just that if I lived here I would eat there as much as possible.
So yummy! My friend Celia brought me on Black Friday and I tried what she recommended- the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly with Pickled Asian Pear. Upon opening the box, I thought it was quite small but I eventually realized that it was more than enough! The Pork Belly was delicious, but as the name indicates, had many spices and was nearly overwhelming. Thankfully, the picked Asian pear brought just the right amount of tartness to balance the fatty goodness. Bread was crispy and helped to give more texture to the sandwich (in comparison to the soft and almost gooey pork belly). Celia got the Curry Lentil Soup- also very good. A+ and a solid 4/5. Would come again!
Good, but a bit overwhelming for a banh mi. We tried the skirt steak and the brisket, two very hearty sandwiches. I think I prefer the more classic, simple banh mi. Not something I'm going to miss when I'm back on the West Coast.
This place was amazing! Please read my full review on my blog: themangosteentree.wordpr…
I don't understand why these are so good. Fresh roll, cuke, Asian pear, carrot shreaddies, and some spicy mayo all on brisket or pork or a number of other delectables.  Corn on the cob rolled in coconut.  Salads with oil, some kind of weird vinegar and crushed peanuts all separate that you toss on right before you eat.  None of this really sounds 5 star. But it tastes 5 star.  And that's what counts. If you are wearing a nice tie / jacket / shirt, grab a big napkin and tuck that bad-boy in. Sloppy is coming at you.  And you will be happy it did. Eat here.  Don't wait.  Have lunch here today. PS - word to the wise: you can phone in orders over $25 and on nice days, the line gets long....  just saying.
lucky us! the sandwich shop was mere blocks away from our hotel and we visited for our second dinner. we ordered pork belly - HUGE piece of meat! shredded pork - juicy pork brisket - bigger piece of meat! what makes these sandwiches are the combination and freshness of the ingredients. eat bit consisted of crusty bread, fresh veggies and nice piece of meat! WOW!
I was visiting NYC from DC last weekend with a friend and did a little research on places we could grab a quick bite. Luckily, we found this gem of a sandwich spot. We decided to go here post-Saturday brunch, as the food at our brunch spot didn't seem very appetizing, and I'd heard about the infamous Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwich served here and really wanted to try it. Needless to say, I was not at all expecting it to be as good as it was. The pork was cooked so well-a little bit crispy on the outside, but still very tender, with just the right amount of spice to it. The sandwich itself wasn't very big but wasn't overly pricey either for a quality, gourmet sandwich (it was around $9). One thing to note, this seemed to be more of a carryout place as there wasn't any real seating inside (we got it to go and ate at a nearby Le Pain Quotidien where I bought a beverage to go with my sandwich). All in all, this is another NYC establishment that I wish we had in DC and I'll definitely have to make it back later to try another undoubtedly amazing sandwich.
i would like to say that the only good thing was the flavor, aside from that i ordered a delivery for an office... all the sandwiches were a tad soggy which is okay... but the meat pieces were SO large and bread so tough and hard it was really hard to get your mouth wrapped around it, and honestly you need a solid steak knife to cut the meat.  I think it is overrated because Ive had gazillion viet sub spots and all were equally as good on the tastebuds and MUCH easier on your jaw muscle.  No one was really impressed that had it either, I was a bit disappointed that it wasnt a hit ...maybe because I got it to go... Meh, I def wont go there again... on a lighter note, the service was EXACTLY on time for delivery, and staff extremely friendly.
This was our second visit to Num Pang and it was as good as I remember.  The five-spiced pork belly was definitely the highlight - the pork was juicy and tender but not overly greasy. I loved the contrast from the asian pear, the vegetables were crisp and fresh, and the sriracha adds just the right kick to each bite. We also had the Hoisin Meatball - the sauce was just a little on the sweet side for my taste, but the meatballs were tender and tasty. Definitely coming back.
Great Duroc pulled pork, pretty heavy on the meat vs vegetable ratio, but still great. Loved the watermelon juice and the roasted asparagus side, interesting sauce (olive oil, ground fresh herbs, lime?). Great to have it near work! Too bad it's too hot to even wait in line outside today.
This is hands down my favorite sandwich shop in the city- yep I made it official. All the other sandwich places in the city better watch out because num pang will give you a throw down. They have seasonal favorites that are mind blowing. My all time favorite is the pork belly sandwich. The pork is succulent and juicy. I just started salivating just thinking about it. They cut the fattiness of the pork with fresh veggies like cucumber, carrots and cilantro, which is just a winning combination. However the real kicker to this sandwich is the Chinese pear. The sweetness of the pear perfectly compliments the meatiness of this sandwich and it'll leave you wanting more. The corn here is worth raving about. You may not believe me but just try it and have your world be rocked. They char the corn so it has a nice smoky flavor and then load it up with coconut shavings, paprika, and lime. You won't mind the messiness because it'll be that good.
Now, I've only been here one time, but holy crap the sandwich I had was so delicious. I had the five-spiced pork belly sandwich and it was juicy, flavorful, and extremely satisfying. This is not your typical deli sandwich, my friends. Also, $8 is a great price for good-quality food a few blocks from Grand Central. I will definitely be back again.
Close to perfection, with 1 moderate problem, at least to this palette. I work in the office building next door, and the hood is very lame, foodwise--big sandwich + salad bar factories, crappy pizza, the horrible Pret a Manger. So Num Pang is a much-needed shot of ethnic authenticity. So far I have had the pork pully, asian sausage, brisket and mackerel. All were excellent--the bread is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. The fillings are all fresh and the sandwiches are carefully composed. The only problem is that every sandwich--and this is just me now--is about 30-40% over-sauced. It means that the pork belly is being slightly drowned out by the dressing. But it's mostly a quibble and thank god they are next door.
I have been itching for a Num Pang sandwich for years since I had it for the first time. I though I'd check out this location. From 5-7:00, they have a Happy Hour, which means $6 Pork or Chicken sandwiches, which is a fantastic discount. The Pork Duroc is a well made sandwich, although the pork was a bit dry. The mayo sauce and pickled vegetables were the highlight of the sandwich. Always order the corn, which is topped with chili mayo, lime, and sweet shredded coconut. The combination is a nonstop assault of sweet, salty, spicy, creamy, and acidity.
I love every single thing I've had from here. My favorites though are: the Zucchini &  Squash side - their sauce is sooo good the seasonal fig and bacon sandwich - thick cuts of crispy bacon! coconut corn on the cob - mmm mm The sandwiches are kind of on the smaller side - I remember when I first ordered I was expecting a Banh Mi size sandwich. The bread is really good though - has a nice crisp. They don't let you customize your order though. A lot of sandwiches are 'spicy' (don't let that deter you! it's not that bad) or have cilantro on it (don't worry, it's not chopped so you can just pull it right off). I just want more of both please! And it's always damn packed in here. It's like a two hour wait for delivery around lunch time (I don't think there's a minimum) or something like $45 minimum for pick up. Sigh. Your best bet is to just try to get here early. Oh and don't forget to grab extra sriracha on your way out.
an excellent and diverse selection of sandwiches.  Good for vegetarians too.  The specials definitely add in a nice mix every week.  I found this place walking back from my office in midtown and always see a huge line.  The corn side dish is amazing as are the drinks.  One down side is that it does take quite some time to get your order, even when it is not that busy.
After reading Larry L.'s review of Num Pang, my coworkers and I decided to order lunch here. It was delectable! I was excited by the variety of vegetarian sandwhiches. I orded the roasted cauliflower and it was really good; spicy and crunchy. The sandwich roll was the perfect compliment. I also ordered a side of corn on the cob, also really good, the coconut and corn flavors perfectly compliment one another. My coworkers were very pleased with their meat sandwiches as well. We'll be ordering from Num Pang again soon!!
WASPY coworker: this place has hands-down the best sandwich i've eaten all year - the peach and bacon sandwich. (he's tried every sandwich there except the coconut tiger shrimp so far) other WASPY coworker: that was the best chicken i've ever had.. and that's my favorite meat. {later} i'm so sad that it's over. i'm giving this place 4 stars because i started asking questions about where they source their meat and all they could tell me was "local farmers", "local farms", and "farms upstate". if this were a job interview, i would've walked out immediately, but made sure to drop the resume in the trashcan first. i'd upgrade the rating if they could provide me details. like maybe the name of the farms. then i could just google it myself. the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich is good. nothing to die over. the viet sandwiches at that weird place in chinatown where you go to the back of the jewelry shop are better: more pickled veggies and a better baguette that's crispy on the outside and chewy soft on the inside. the bread is half the battle. they also don't need to cop out with the chili-mayo combination, which is a cheap trick. and there's more cilantro and flavors in the sandwich too. it's also $3 cheaper, but it's in chinatown and the hours are like 12 - 3 PM or something just short of impossible-to-frequent. i agree with abul R - more shrimp in the sandwich please. especially for $8.
GREAT sandwiches!!!  Saw the long lines and avoided trying until today.  Now I see why the lines are long!  It is fantastic and the line moves very fast (I was in and out in less than 7 minutes).  Best of all, no more need to ever again go to cafe metro, pret, etc.  GO TO NUM PANG NOW!
This place has a sandwich happy hour. Need I say more? It's 4 or 5 to 7 and means that some of there most popular sandwiches are on a discount. I snag my favorite pulled pork sandwich for a delicious (and cheapish) dinner. Man the pulled pork sandwich is good.
One of my most favorite things to eat are banh mi sandwiches.  When my boyfriend said we were going to check out a banh mi sandwich spot in the City, he had me at "banh mis..." When we arrived by foot, I was impressed with the variety of the menu.  I ordered 5 Spiced Pork Belly with watermelon juice.  My boyfriend ordered the Grilled Skirt Steak Sandwich. WoW!  The 5 Spiced Pork Belly was so fatty and delectable!  I enjoyed the pickled toppings with spicy mayo.  Even though the crusty bread is not the traditional rice flour banh mi, the flavors in the sandwich was awesome!  And the fresh watermelon juice was refreshing after inhaling our banh mis! I cannot wait to come back here and try the other sandwiches.
This place is the real deal. The sandwiches aren't huge. But they're filling enough for lunch. And they're delicious. Best of all, they have seasonal changes. Not many folks have talked about the soups: they're great too. A cup of soup and a sandwich will run you about $12-14. So it's not a cheap lunch. But it's a delicious filling one. Most things have a nice kick to them, and the ingredients are first rate. The service is friendly and speedy. if you go at prime hours you're going to have to wait in line. But that's a good sign, no? and if you have a later lunch (after 1:30), you can just fly through. No place to sit. But on a spring, summer, or fall day what's better than grabbing a sandwich and taking a quick walk to Bryant park to enjoy it? Go. You'll be glad.
This is  exactly like a Vietnamese sandwich. Thanks for stealing the idea and calling it a Cambodian sandwich shop. $10 for a tiny sandwich? That's ridiculous! I will not be back.
Um I think it might be worth the effort for me to fly here weekly, get on the shuttle, get dropped off at Grand Central and take the 2 min walk to this amazing place. Its very small (no seating inside except for some stand up bar seating) but the sandwiches make up for it's small size! I got the pork belly sandwich, incredibly crisp (pickled veggies) and fatty (pork belly) a perfect combination. I don't know what amazing sauce they pack in with it, but it's heavenly. They have individually packed sirachi sauce on the counter for your enjoyment. Also when you get your sandwich, don't be dissappointed by the size. Although it might look smaller than an average "sub" (like the restaurant itself) the flavor makes up for it's size. One was enough for me, perfect lunch after a flight. I splurged for the watermelon juice (they have other juices made fresh daily) but I think I'll skip out on that next time, it wasn't fantastic, i'd rather save up for another sandwich.
Straight up amazing. Pork belly is a bit too fatty in my opinion (I know I know that's the point of pork belly but I just don't like that much fat on my meat GOD GET OFF MY BACK) but the pulled pork is like you've seen God. I don't know how people can complain that these sandwiches are too little... I'm an average-sized girl with an above-average appetite and one of these bad boys is enough to give me that "oh Christ I don't think I can move" full feeling. That said, I've seen my 180 pound boyfriend put away 2 of these, so I don't know, maybe I'M the freak. Either way, slather anything you get with sriracha. The Midtown East location is also a little better than the Greenwich Village one (in my opinion) because they often have more varieties. Ten thumbs up.
AMAZINGG. Their banh mis are more like fusion sandwiches, but nonetheless they are all very delicious. The sandwiches are perfectly sized and will definitely keep you full for a while. I recommend the pulled pork and sausage. Yum.
Another solid catering experience. Our company orders here twice a month and it's a nice change to regular sammies and a twist to ban mi sandwich. Delivery is superb and timely and it is a wonderful price point at around $660 for sammies and salad to feed 70. The sammies are packed in large boxes and are clearly labeled. Some of the sammies are messy but totally worth it.
Great sandwiches include ingredients such as pulled Duroc pork, Hoisin meatballs and grilled Khmer sausage. Efficient and friendly service. Line moves quickly at lunchtime. No seating.
Num Pang, where were you all my life. This is one of the best banh mi styled sandwiches I've devoured to date. Since I started going here the past year, I have gone way too much more than I'd like to admit. The seasonal five-spiced GLAZED pork belly is unfriggin-believable. It's a thick slab of glazed pork belly, seasoned with 5 spices (hence the name) that's resting on a baguette adorned with asian pear slices, loads of cilantro, pickled carrot and radish. I have also tried the Catfish one but it's not on my list to recommend to others. After you place the order, you're going to wait in a pool of hungry customers (or ravenous at times) on the weekdays where you might drift off dreaming of where you'd like to go on vacation with this Cambodian sammie. Before you get the food, get the Sriracha to-go and the hand wipes (you need them for the finger-licking action). My only qualm is that like most franchises or multi-location establishments in the same metro area, there are differences in overall quality of food and dining space. This particular location has no seating and the setup is more appropriate for an East Village location on 2nd Ave. The stand-up dining style is not conducive for any sort of business meeting if that's your cup of tea.
Alrighty then!...One bite and I was a believer!!!  Had my first 5 Spice Glazed Pork Belly Sandwich from Num Pang and it's enough to solidify how tasty their food is and that it's worth the wait!!  Don't be intimidated by the line (which was not too bad on a beautiful Friday afternoon).  The customers laying in wait are actually more intimidating but I did not wait as long as others so your wait obviously depends on what or how much you order.  I just patiently sipped on a very refreshing Ginger Iced Tea and my order was called in no time!  As there is no seating at this location, I sat outside in the courtyard of a nearby office building and devoured my precious little sandwich, not wanting even one shredded carrot to escape it's demise.  This pork belly sandwich is THE TRUTH!!  Can't wait to come back and try some more :)
Love these sandwiches. Third time at all shops, second at Grand Central location. Delicious bread, had pork belly and shrimp sandwiches today. On next visit to NYC will try one I haven't had. Tried catfish and steak on other visits, Good but not as great as todays choices. I like pickles so tried the watermelon.  Ginger peach tea only OK. Staff very helpful and friendly.
My all time favorite at Num Pang is their Grilled Mahi Mahi sandwich. They used to Have Blue Fin sandwich with Leeks before, miss those. Its no longer in the menu. Ocassionally I also get their Catfish sandwich. Their Seasonal watermelon Juice and Apple ciders are delicious. Considering the price of the sandwich and the size of Banh Mi sandwiches in the city, the size of their sandwich is pretty small. And they are pretty stingy sometimes when it comes to size of the fish and meatballs.
My boyfriend was craving pulled pork and he decided to look online to see if there are any restaurants near where we are that serves pulled pork.  He found num pang sandwich shop.  We saw pork belly on the menu and we were already drooling. I was afraid the place might be closed since we went on a saturday and the Num Pang we went to was right by Grand Central (tons of office buildings).  Fortunately, it was open!! There are no seating areas, only a few tables on the side where you stand and eat.  We already knew what we want so ordering wasn't a problem.  We ordered the five-spiced glazed pork belly sandwich, the cordoz lamb sandwich (that's the chef special, where they collaborate with a famous chef to come up with a sandwich, and $6.00 of the proceeds go to a charity!), grilled corn on the cob, and blood orange lemonade. Our order came quickly and everything was SO YUMMY!  The blood orange lemonade was tangy and refreshing.  Awesome choice for hot summer day.  The corn on the cob was great.  The spicy chili mayo was yummy,  the coconut flakes on it tones down the spiciness of the chili mayo.  It's really messy to eat, but fantastic!!  My boyfriend absolutely loved the five-spiced pork belly sandwich.  They give you a giant slab of grilled pork belly, topped with pickled carrots and daikon slices, cilantro for color and bite.  The menu said there was pickled pear in it, we couldn't taste it though.  The fresh toasted baguette was super crisp and delicious.  It was such a good sandwich. I really liked the cordoz lamb sandwich.  The lamb just melted in my mouth!  It had the same topping as the pork belly sandwich, except it had a nice yogurt spread on it.  Again, the baguette was absolutely delicious and it didn't fall apart with all those meat inside. I am thinking if I should go back tomorrow as I am writing this....YUM YUM YUM. :)
I was skeptical at first however after reading the reviews and seeing the line as I would walk by, I had to try it.  Not a disappointment, everything was fresh and tasty!
Word of warning: these sandwiches are so good they may induce momentary disorientation and forgetfulness, specifically tripping over one's own body and forgetting one's loaded shopping bags outside the shop. Yes, I know this from experience. ;) This probably the place I miss the most from my last trip to NYC. I drug my friend out to this location after an appointment I had in the Upper East Side, for a quick lunch before shopping. I had no idea it would be the best meal we'd have during our week long stay. I was prepared for awesomeness when we first took a spot in the growing line. The hundreds of glowing reviews and the never shortening line was enough to trust that the place could deliver a good sandwich. All the positive signs still didn't prepare me for the mind blowing experience of eating the five spice glazed pork belly. Literally, the BEST sandwich on my life; even better than my southern classic banana and mayo. The pork was perfect tender and well balanced with fat and meat. The glaze had a wonderful and unparalleled sweetness that played beautifully with the vinegary slaw. OH! and the bread...that bread...I can't imagine life without that bread now. It's a tragedy to wake up every morning and know that that bread is hundreds of miles away. My next trip will without a doubt include this sandwich shop at least once. I'll just make sure to take an inventory of my things before I leave on that visit. :)
Got the Peppercorn Catfish sandwich. Delicious and came out in 2 minutes! This is a pick-up place, not a sit-down venue. I came during lunch hour and it was packed with people. However, the operation is efficient and people got their food usually within 5 minutes. Impressive. They also have great lemonades.
Awesome sandwiches with quality ingredients. The pork belly and pulled pork sandwiches are AMAZING! The only reason I don't think it deserves 5 stars is because the sandwiches are around $9 and not that big.
Such delicious pork belly. Spicy sauce yum. Herbs so fresh. I die.
I grabbed lunch to go from Num Pang yesterday and have to say that it is a solid sandwich. Because I couldn't decided on the pork belly and the brisket I splurged and got one of each. Did I regret it an hour later? Yes, that's a lot of food to put down in one setting. Did I regret it as I was eating them? No way. I would recommend the pork belly over the brisket. But it wasn't really that much better. For me, as a southerner, brisket and BBQ brisket sandwiches can be had pretty easily. It's less often that you come across a pork belly sandwich. I went early, around 11:30 a.m., which was probably a good thing as I was the only one there at that point. Based on the setup and manufacturing line of people in the back, you can tell they do a brisk business a few minutes later. Service was friendly enough.
why is he line so long? the food is average. zengo and public house are both around the corner and you can have a cockail at those places. why waste your lunch break in line when you could be having a drink.
Delish, delish, delish.  Love everything about this place.  My favorite:  Grilled Skirt Steak Sandwich and the CORN!!!  If you don't try anything else, try the CORN! There isn't seating, just a wall bar to stand at.  It's a "hole in the wall" place, so that's fine. Tips:  If you are picky (hold the carrots, no mayo, etc.), this is not the place for you.  They fix the sandwich (to perfection, may I add.) as listed on the menu.   ...oh, and the blood orange lemonade isn't bad either. :)
The first time I came here, I had been craving an asian inspired tofu sandwich, and sadly, my go-to Cinnamon Snail was not in the area on this particular day, so I walked down to this Num Pang location to satisfy my craving. What I got was perfect! The bread was crispy yet soft, the tofu was marinated in a salty sweet glaze, the pickled carrots and veggies added a slightly sour kick, and the chili mayo pulled it all together. SO GOOD. Most recently, I've been coming here pretty regularly for their summer special, grilled peaches and bacon sandwich, complete with fresh jalapeños, shredded pickled veggies and chili mayo. It's unlike anything I've had before. Perfect use of summer flavors. I noticed that they have a "happy hour" at this location: sandwiches for $6 between 4-7, which is a pretty good deal considering how fantastic they are.
Was super-pumped given the ratings and reviews... Not to mention a menu with too many things I wanted to order.  Went for the pulled pork sandwich and two special sides... The Cambodian slaw and the watermelon-tomato.  Sandwich was good, but not great.  Pork quality was only so-so, and the spice was a little over-powering... Combined with modest topping flavor... So the sandwich was a little one dimensional.  The sides were kind of ho-hum, too.  Not standouts in terms of flavor, particularly the watermelon, and particularly as they cost  over $3.  To be clear, I would definitely try this place again if I'm near grand central at lunch time... as the larger menu looked incredible, but I'm probably not going out of my way.
I had the roasted cauliflower sandwich here. I like it but am not a big fan of chili mayo which I find too salty. I love the generous amount of picked carrots and the cauliflower is nicely seasoned. The crust and texture of the bread is on the softer side and not your typical french baguette. Good variety of options. I'll try this place again if I'm back in town.
Finally, a legit lunch place in midtown that doesn't cost an arm and a leg! Sandwich and a drink will probably run you $10, which is pretty average for midtown...but the ingredient quality here is un-heard of compared to the usual $10 mess. Glazed pork belly? Pulled pork? Both incredible. I wanted to give it 5 stars, but it doesn't seem like they planned ahead very well...take out only? OK, if that's the way you want to do it. But at least add a couple more registers, a couple more sandwich-makers (artists? like subway?), and streamline the pick-up situation. Nobody wants to stand in a 50-person line to grab lunch! Oh, and go easy on the carrots, I don't need a whole shredded carrot on my sandwich. Oh, but kudos on having Sriracha. Mmmm, Sriracha.
the peach bacon sandwhich is so good it makes me wanna punch a baby
Nom...I mean, num. It's not easy finding Asian in Midtown, other than Thai and Japanese and Chinese take-out. (Hi-five if you agree with me.) I've had this place bookmarked for so long, I looked at the route by Grand Central and sucked it up because I've been dying to come here for so long. A real to-go lunch place this is; no chairs or tables, only a wall to face. I got the 5 Spice Pork Belly. The pear pairing (get it?) was a good balance with the pork belly. This has been said in a million reviews but I was really expecting a banh mi-sized sandwich but it was slightly smaller. At first the pork belly was extremely scary to look at--like a whole squared chunk of fat but eat it with glazed pear, it was delicious. The meat was really well-cooked and tender but since I'm very sensitive to spices, I had to drink water after every bite--still so worth it. Maybe I'm too used to paying Banh Mi Saigon prices but $8 was kind of expensive but it's a good treat every once in a while, so make wise decisions here!
Recommend the pork belly sandwich. No seating Order outside then pick up inside Quick service
Num Pang certainly has a good thing going. I had passed the long line outside of Num Pang for quite awhile before a co-worker insisted I try it with her. The sandwich was delicious as the other reviews say. However, I took off a star because the portions are somewhat small and, although I don't mind a lunch rush/line, the employees were a bit snappy with me.
This has got to be the best sandwich shop I've ever tried and definitely one of the highlights to my NYC trip. If anyone is from Toronto, this is even better than Banh Mi Boys. I got the Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly sandwich and it was delicious. All the sandwich fillings really went well together and made the sandwich memorable. I especially liked the pickled asian pear which was sweet and took me by surprise but made the sandwich even better. The meat was amazing and although I did get 1 chewy piece, it was overall very good quality pork belly. The bread was a bit too hard/chewy for my taste but that's just personal preference. I also got to try the Pulled Duroc Pork. It was very bold and flavorful. Be careful if you're not tolerant of spices though because after a few bites the spice of the spiced honey builds up. The blood orange lemonade was made fresh and is actual lemonade. (Read: super sour) It definitely packs a punch. It wasn't bad but it was a bit too sour for my taste. There is no seating here as it is a take-out place so it's good for a delicious meal on the go.
I stumbled upon this hidden gem walking out of the Greenwich village country club with my husband. We were starving and hoping to find a quick late night snack. We happened to stop right in front, merely coincidental and I noticed the charming store front set up with the counter facing the street. There was no line, yet several ppl were hoovering around after having ordered, devouring their sandwiches. Definitely a good sign considering patrons couldn't wait to eat their treats.  This caught our attention, and I immediately pulled out my cell phone to yelp it. To my delight, I was excited to see so many great reviews.  As 2 gentleman walked out of what seemed like a cramped space, they suggested the skirt steak sandwich.  We decided to share it just to be on the safe side. Upon ordering the counter attendant advised us that there was seating space upstairs.. along a narrow spiral stair case you enter a small space with bench tables along the windows and the shortest stools I had ever seen lining the walls.. definitely added to the charm.  But all that is irrelevant..once I bit into the sandwich, I was in pure steak heaven.. steak slices were falling out and  their spicy yet tart sauce was amazing, and the cucumbers add a crunchy element I enjoyed. I forgot to share and literally ate the majority of the sandwich while my husband took a call. By far, one of the best steak sandwiches Ive had in a while and I still crave it weekly if not daily!
Had the pork belly, pretty good! Not sure what all the fuss is about the bread because it's just OK. The blood orange lemonade is super sweet and tangy - not really my style. Next time I'll try the coconut shrimp.
We ordered from here as part of our work lunch. Took off one star because the delivery was late (we're 10 blocks down from the store). The food itself was fantastic. The Pulled Pork sandwich being the favorite of the group. Portion size is a little small, but they do pack on a lot of meat. However, on the vegetarian sandwiches (i.e. the Cauliflower), there just wasn't stuff in there. Still not a bad sandwich place.
Excellent sandwich shop with plenty of vegetarian options.  Today was my second trip there. After having the tofu sandwich (which I thoroughly enjoyed) my first trip, I tried the cauliflower sandwich today.  It had a ton of great flavor.  A nice mix of spice.  The ingredients were definitely fresh.  Don't be fooled by the small size of the sandwich, it is quite filling. If you're very hungry though, I'd suggest getting a soup as well. On my next trip I'm trying the Yam sandwich ,as well as one of their fresh juices.  Definitely a must try if you like Asian food.  For those of you that have tried Thai Me Up, which used to be close to union square, this is even better!
Tried to get a sandwich here for lunch, but am allergic to cilantro. The cashier refused to put in an order without cilantro. He explained that this was a store policy. I guess store policy is more important than allergies.
I went to this place in the afternoon and let me tell you something is packed! But on too the good it's awesome!!! Had the pork duroc and wow... Best "Asian" sandwich q had yet in NYC. The flavors were jam packed and exploded in my mouth... So flavorful and yet just the right amount of cilantro to keep things interesting and not too overpowering. Textures were great too, nice and juicy with just the right amount of crunch with the vegetables. The bread was a great complement being doughy to soak up the juices and flavor... Honestly would be a five star if the venue  wasn't so small and jam packed. I'll definitely return (call and pickup) to try the other flavors and everyone else should too!
I'm a sucker for bao-type sandwiches and Num Pang is awesome-sauce! The grilled corn is served with a tasty mayo, chili, lime and coconut..yes, coconut..soo good! The mackeral and leeks sandwich was light and perfect..of course, i had to try my husband's pork belly sandwich..and um, yeah, yet another reason why i'm a 'flexitarian' and not a vegetarian..it was of the hook! Prepared perfectly and served with radish and thinly sliced pear..a perfect combo..so happy they're now in my hood!
Great sandwich spot!  I got the pulled duroc pork and it was amazing.  The pork was really flavorful, the cucumbers and carrots added a nice crunch, and the chili mayo gave it a nice kick.  The bread was also great, but there was just a bit too much of it so there was a lot of empty bread left over afterwards.  Nevertheless, I will definitely be back here for the pulled pork!
The catfish is to DIE for!!! Decided to try something different since I only eat pork, chicken, veggies, dairy and fish... and boy was that the right move. It was freshly made, juicy, hot (and spicy), the bun was fresh and everything that day on was gravy :) Its a small bun but enough to get you full but not super full (like the japanese say 75% full) and also I wanted dessert from somewhere lol.   This place is small and theres barely any parking so walk on over and enjoy the taste of amazingness kick in your mouth.
I work right around the corner from here. Seriously one of the best bahn mi's I have had in a while. My favorite- tiger coconut shrimp! Fresh and tastey with just the right amount of crunch from the baoguette. Make sure to grab some sriracha for the sandwich as well as the amazzzing CORN! It's rubbed chili Mayo, coconut Flakes, chili Powder.. However..there is 1 down side. The sandwich is so small :( I could eat at least 3 of them! But it's def worth the burst of flavors...
This has to be the best lunch spot in the vicinity of Grand Central. Sandwiches are delicious - my favorite being the Pulled Duroc Pork. They're maybe a little pricier than they should be -- $10 or so -- but comparable to the price of a lunch at Chipotle, Chop't, etc. No seating, but take it over to Bryant Park or back to the office. The line never seems to be too long, and they churn people in and out pretty quickly.
Five stars for the 5 spice glazed pork belly sandwich!   So so so good, the bread was so flaky and they give you large portions of pork belly! The pork belly is so well flavored, I was really surprised.  We also tried the ginger brisket sandwich which was not nearly as good.  The sandwiches can get very messy so make sure you have plenty of napkins.  Sandwiches run about $10 and they also offer some soups and side items like grilled corn on the cob.   The space is quite small and there is only standing room to eat.  It gets very busy so this is not the place for a nice long lunch.  They played some great 90's hip hop, I was really impressed!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE Num Pang. It's soo good. I get the cauliflower, it feels healthy and tastes soo good. I have also done catering from here for about 50 people for an office luncheon, and the lady was great to work with. They showed up on time, great service, and great food. Everyone loved it!
I had the chicken salad sandwich, which was a weekly special. It was the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had. Ever.
I avoided this place because of the long lines. Today, I made it my goal to try these sandwiches that have been raved about. I visited around 6pm and there was no line! It was a very small place with no seating options. There are standing options with sriracha sauce and a water dispenser for your meal. I tried the pulled pork sandwich and it was so so so hot when I got it. The meat was a bit bland but that was easily fixed with a bit of sriracha sauce. The vegetables are like what you would get in a Vietnamese sandwich (cilantro, carrots, etc.). Overall, I would say its very similar to a Vietnamese sandwich except that its hot when you get it and its a bit smaller. Also, I loved how they had hand wipes available by the cashiers!
Best sandwich I've ever eaten!! I got the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich. The baguette was crisp and buttery and the sauce was soo good. There's no place to sit though, so we had to eat them standing up, which was kind of difficult because they are kind of messy. But worth it!
so good, so fresh, so full of flavor i tried the salmon which was great and the coconut shrimp which was too sweet but with a little sriracha became much improved the bread is perfection the thai basil oil on the salmon was savory and delicious
Pow! Wham! Zap! Holy pickled sandwiches batman! Somehow, I found myself lying prone on the floor - dazed and with little french baguette crumbs splattered haphazardly about. Towering over me was Num Pang, the golden boy from Cambodia. The new Welterweight sandwich champion of the world. As cheesy as that sounded, I was pretty blown away by Num Pang's one-two punch. I'm still working my way down the menu, but first you got your classics - Pulled Pork, Hoisin Meatballs, Coconut Tiger Shrimp, Peppercorn Catfish, and Roasted Cauliflower. The classics sound pretty exotic you may tell yourself, but then you got your seasonals - Pork Belly, Roasted Chicken Chimi, BBQ Brisket, Handcut Bacon, and Organic Tofu. You're right, all of it does sound good. How do you choose? You do what I do. Start with #1 and work your way down the menu. From A to Z, Num Pang does it right. The first bite into that baguette makes or breaks the sandwich. Doesn't matter how good the vegetables or meat are. If it's thrown between two tasteless piece of bread, the whole thing doesn't work. But you're in luck. The baguette is warm and toasty. As you bite in, the baguette turns into this wonderful oasis of crunchy flakiness. Don't mind the crumbs all over your shirt. Wear them proudly like the badges of honor that they are. Onward from the crumbly baguette, you find the fresh cilantro and pickled vegetables - carrots, daikon, and cucumber. Sweet, but not overly so. Sour, but not puckeringly so. It adds a different texture and a "fresh" ripe crunch that will cut through the decadence that comes next. Depending on whether you chose the silky smooth Pork Belly or the comforting Chicken Chimi or the delicate Catfish or any of the other options, you're about to get smacked in the face with mindblowing flavor. Think Homer and the Forbidden Donut.. When you're done, yeah, you'll be sitting back in the office thinking about it. Pre-occupied. Day dreaming. Forgetting about the TPS report and having to come in on the weekend to do it. But don't worry, it's worth it. It's always worth it.
Service needs to step it up at this location only.  Person doesnt seem close to happy making sandwiches.
Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and had a delicious five-spice pork belly sandwich and a side of Cambodian slaw. Excellent, and delivered with a smile.
The ginger beef brisket kicks ass.  So glad I discovered this place for lunches. Try it, you won't regret.  Take-out only, no place to sit at the one by Grand Central.
I have had the Coconut Tiger Shrimp and Skirt Steak sandwich.  It's pretty tasty, but I won't rush back for either.  They have this absurd policy of no alterations.  Twice now they have refused to leave the chili mayo off the sandwich.  For this reason, I will never come back.  What a bullheaded approach to customer service.
Very good asian-american fusion sandwiches. They have a huge variety and I highly recommend the pork belly and khmer sausage for meat-eaters. The lines are manageable and the wait time for your food is average. My only gripe is the price for the portions (the sandwiches are on the smaller side and $3 for corn on the cob is a little pricey). Overall, I would highly recommend this place for anyone who wants to get a good lunch.
Great lunch spot.  I'm vegetarian, so I've had most of the veggie options on the menu, and everything's been solid.  I usually go for the spicy tofu sandwich or salad.  As all the other reviewers have already mentioned, the bread here is amazing.  They must bake it throughout the day.  The tofu salad is perfect when you want something a little lighter but also really flavorful.  I like the addition of the cilantro and peanuts, not common salad ingredients but they work well.  Another cool thing is the vinegar and oil come in separate containers so you can control the oil content.  Definitely download the app if you have an iPhone.  For every $88 you spend, you get $8 back.  So if you think about it, it adds up to like a 9% discount... eventually.  Also--if you come between 4 and 7, there's a "happy hour" of sorts where you can get select sandwiches and drinks for a few dollars off.
OMG. $8.70 gets you a creamy pork belly sandwich on a super fresh chewy baguette that will blow your mind. There is a small standing/ eating area but you are better off taking it to go. Smooth beats playing overhead also much appreciated. Extras: Cilantro is just about on everything here and they wont modify the menu for you aka no substitutions so I pick them out before I take off. If you are unsure what a sauce is I would ask bc it probly is the cilantro sauce!
First time at this location, came for dinner after work and had the catfish sandwich.  Seriously good!!  This place is awesome and the grand central location is just as good as the original.  Also,  it was a pleasant surprise that at 7pm the bread was so fresh.
I tried the grilled mahi-mahi with leeks and it was awesome. The things I like best about the sandwich were the olive-oil/herb sauce they put on the fish and also the freshness of the vegetables on the sandwich (the cucumbers in particular). Also, unlike some sandwich places, the bread here was super fresh and soft. They also have free sriracha sauce, which was really good and complemented the sandwich nicely.
I am not a huge lover of banh mi or vietnamese style "pate" - so this is right up my alley. As with all great sandwiches - it's all about the bread here!  Just phenomenal, chewy and perfect. Absolute deliciousness. Dangerous place to have on your walk home cause it makes for a lazy quick dinner. So far had the Chicken Chimi, Brisket, and Coconut Shrimp - loved them all, though I think there could have been slightly more shrimp on the sandwich :) Place is take-out only but there are counters where you could scarf it down if need be. Not sure what I love more, the homemade sriracha in little to-go containers or the NYC hip-hop blaring from the speakers... yes yes y'all, ya don't stop, NPS-1 ... rock on!
Yummy.  I had the pulled pork and a side of corn on the cob.  Both were very flavorful.  Others in my party had the pork belly, tilapia and brisket.  Thumbs up all around.  However, it was very warm inside the restaurant (we were all sweating) but overall an excellent experience.
AMAZING sandwiches (especially the pork belly)....although I wish they also had an option to serve on steamed buns vs baguette rolls.  Salads are ok, the dressings could be a little more tasty.
Ordered about 30 sandwiches for an office lunch.  The staff was very helpful and accommodating.  However, they need a true catering menu. Sandwiches were good.  They traveled well and the price was right.  I particularly enjoyed the catfish.  Perfectly cooked and wonderfully seasoned. Disclaimer:  I absolutely hate cilantro, and I think that is preventing me from giving the 4th star.
i call this my "midtown guilty pleasure".  this is the place that sneak off to when i want to cheat ... on my diet.  the pull pork is my favorite and i cant never say no to anything with coconut and spice thrown together (the corn)
Wow, good stuff. I'd never even heard of Cambodian sandwiches before this place. This place is a grab n' go joint, not a restaurant. It's extremely popular. We've been here a few times at random hours, it's always packed. They even have ropes outside to control the line! The sandwiches are delicious. They are well made and the ingredients are fresh. I've tried the pork belly, pulled pork, and veal meatballs. They are all great but the meatball seems to be my favorite. I've also had their curry lentil soup a few times - really hits the spot! They are a little pricey, but the sandwiches are pretty filling. I even have trouble finishing one sometimes. Yum.
All I have to say is "bomb, dang!" So far ginger beef brisket is number 1 son.
peppercorn catfish sandwich is soooo good! plus a cup of blood orange lemonade.
You have no idea how excited I am for this delicious little sandwich shop's expansion to Midtown. Now I have another new lunch spot option, which makes my belly happy! Everything I've had has been delicious. My favorite would be the Peppercorn Catfish. Well prepared and the flavors are exquisite! What's great about this location is that they have so many additional items on the menu that I've never seen at the original Union Square location.
I rarely give out five stars, but Num Pang earns merit because: --It is cheap, $8-10 for most sandwiches --Friendly...totally was not expecting that from a midtown establishment!! --It is delicious and unique. There aren't many Cambodian sandwich shops I've come across --I came here for a weeknight dinner when it was not crowded at all, so the service was super quick My bf and I split: --The chicken chimi off the seasonal menu -- it was delicious. The chicken was super tender and flavorful, and the crisp vegetables give the sandwich additional dimensions of flavor --The brisket sandwich off the seasonal menu. The brisket was really soft, and the vegetables again were delicious --A side of seasonal pickles...these weren't really that good...it was sprouts and cabbage...the sprouts taste kinda weird pickled All this for $18! And they take credit card. Everything is a bit spicy and comes on delicious soft, chewy bread. Thanks, Num Pang.
The mahi mahi sandwich was good but the wait was toooo long - for a place so well reviewed I don't know how they can manage queues so badly...people 40 behind me in the queue got their good before me.
It's fine for 41st and 3rd. Definitely not crap. Maybe I'm spoiled because my coconut shrimp sandwich wasn't as big or as messy as I'd like it to be, and at $10 including tax, it was a bit much. The sandwich selection is excellent, though beyond that it is thin. Drinks will cost you $3 each, and that's kinda crazy. What I can compare it with is JoJu in Elmhurst, which is about $6.85 for a big, stuffed Vietnamese sandwich. Is that unfair though? JoJu is all the way out in Queens without the rents... My stomach is mostly full of bread right now, it's not preferred.
I was skeptical because my favorite Vietnamese sandwich shop is still Hanco's, Bergen Street in Brooklyn, New York, but I gave it a shot.  Okay, Okay, so you tell me this is a Cambodian sandwich shop so it's different, but hey - they are made of the same essential ingredients. I got the seasonal roasted cauliflower one and it was fantastic.  It had the perfect flavor with the right amount of spices, the bread was really good, and the great location right next to the outdoor plaza - I would definitely go back for a twist on a great classic (but Hanco's still tops with the classic!)
This is right next to my job, and while I LOVE Num Pang,  for some reason this one is not as good as the one in 12th Street. I usually order the Steak Sandwich and every time I got it , it was usually over-cooked or the bread was stale. Still good though.But if you have time def give the other location a try, it is much better.
I always see a line here when I walk by, and my coworkers keep saying how good it is so I had to try it. Luckily today I had a late lunch (3:45pm) and there was absolutely no line (yey!). The service was welcoming and friendly, and quick (under 10 min). Before going to 'Num Pang' I went around my work place and asked coworkers,  "Which sandwich I should get from Num Pang??" These were the actual responses: 1: "Get the Pulled Pork! It's my favorite!" 2 & 3: "Chicken, I always get chicken!" ... "No! Not chicken, it's good, but the steak is the best!' 4: "Personally, the Pork Belly is the way to go - amazing!" I asked four people and somehow everybody gave a different response. This must be a testament to how good all their sandwiches are. I decided to get the Pork Belly since it was a favorite on Yelp, and it was soooo good! I don't love carrots or cucumbers but I decided to eat it as it comes, and I am glad I did! Each ingredient has a purpose. Whether it's to make it taste fresh, or sweet, or a little spicy - it's there for a reason. I didn't taste boring 'carrot' or 'cucumber' it all came together to balance itself out to become a delicious sandwich. Also, the bread was delicious - crispy on the outside while being nice and soft inside. The pork belly itself was seasoned and cooked exceptionally. This was one of the best sandwiches I've had in awhile. It's not cheap, and the sandwich looks small, but somehow it's very filling and the ingredients and quality of the food/prep make the price justifiable. I will definitely be back to try the other sandwiches!
This is by FAR the best sandwich I have ever enjoyed in the United States. The bread - a french baguette - is perfectly crispy (just as in France). The ingredients - of prime quality - are blended together in a way that clearly reminds Cambodia and South East Asia. I had the pork belly sandwich, and it was DIVINE! I cannot wait to go back!!!
For all of us poor saps that work in midtown this place is not only a decent lunch option for midtown (which is nearly im possible to find, unless you want a 12 dollar salad) but num pang has a creative menu that changes on a regular basis and an efficient staff that serves it to you - all for under 10 dollars! What more can you ask for in this culinary wasteland. Had the ABC sandwich which is a limited time creation by jean georges and Dan Kluger. It featured poached chicken salad, crispy chicken skin, cashew butter and the works. It was absolutely delicious. A true gourmet lunch for 9 bucks. Wash it down with a watermelon juice on a hot day and you have the best mid day meal available in 20 square blocks. Only downside to me is they have no seating at all - which makes you either have to go back to the office or walk over to bryant park. Also, the sandwiches are generally complex with alot of ingredients, so it would help if they cut it in half or put some toothpicks in it so you could make less of a mess eating it. Other than that, so happy I discovered this place!
Num Pang Sandwich Shop may just be the epitome of an Asian sandwich. While it may very well be the Vietnamese banh mi's doppelganger, Num Pang's take on the Cambodian-inspired sandwich offers a lot more flavor, quality, and quantity. Your sandwiches are made immediately after ordering so you know you didn't get a sandwich that has been sitting out there for God knows how long. Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly -- I absolutely love pork belly, especially when it's made with all that juicy fat! They use semolina flour baguettes. You can discern the difference in baguettes almost immediately. My suspicions were confirmed at first bite. I almost winced, based on my experiences with banh mi, but was happily enjoying every bite thereafter. The baguettes had a soft texture but with still a bit of a crunch since it was toasted. Each of their sandwiches comes with their signature house-made chili mayo, pickled carrots, cilantro, and cucumber. All the vegetables were crunchy and noticeably fresh. It gives your palate a crisp aroma. With the pork belly, you get a thick cut of pickled Asian Pear which adds a bit of sour/sweet to the heavily flavored pork belly. The pork belly portion is uber generous. I was completely stuffed after eating just half. Ratha and Ben are a a great power team and I hope they venture out to the West Coast one of these days! WARNING: No substitutions here. Don't ask for modifications because you will be politely rejected.
Fresh ingredients, lots of variety, very delicious sandwiches for $7 at this walk-in sandwich shop.  Forget the $10-11 panini's that overrun midtown. They're also super fast.. they had a line out the door and I had my soup and sandwich in hand in less than 5 minutes.   Heads up for Veggieheads:  My friend is a vegetarian and she really loved her tofu sandwich...  a lot.  $7.
I almost dont want to draw attention to this place but all i have to say is YUM. The flavors are fresh and sooo delicious!
We went around 9pm on a Wednesday night and didn't wait at all. It's a take-away place, but they have a small dining area upstairs (quite punk - with stickers everywhere and a nice view on a parking lot, but you don't come here for the romantic atmosphere). My boyfriend had a sandwich which tasted great - apparently sandwiches are the best items here. I tried the veggie gaspacho and... couldn't eat it. Not because it tasted bad - it absolutely didn't - but because it was extremely spicy. I would have appreciated a heads-up on the menu or from the waitress - I didn't expected a soup of veggies to taste stronger than extra hot tabasco! I'm sure the other items on the menu are great though. The sandwich we had wasn't spicy at all, so I guess it just depends on what you order.
Im a vegetarian so I felt that the options for me were a tad limited but boy was my selection scrumptious! I had the Portabella mushroom sandwich. Its not spicy at all (But you can add if you'd like) .  It has a purple juice to it.. so eat with caution. I wanted one more when I was done.. but too stuffed to order. My drink: Orange Bloody Mary Lemonade- not too tangy or sugary.  Alhough I prefer tangy, the low amount of sugar won me over. Location is tiny and it does has two floors. There is an eating area on the second floor which .. took my by surprise.   The aesthetics is definitely unique. Its not fancy at all so no need to dress up. Low seating arrangements. And everything appeared clean to me. Judging by the look they are going for... I didn't see anything that SHOULDNT be there. .. you'll have to check it out to understand what I mean. Good for a small group of .. 3-5 max. But I can see the second floor getting packed during lunch time. I had a fabulous time here. If your in the area, its not too shabby of an idea to wander in and try something out. PS: If spice level is of concern to you make sure to ask if your order is spicy and what kind of spice they add. Enjoy!~
Sandwiches are good, but I ordered at 11:30 and they said it would be an hour. I called at 1:00, and they said our sandwiches were being "prepped." Also, they don't have half of the items on the menu.
Terrific sandwiches, I had the pork belly as suggested in other reviews on Yelp.  I'll definitely try some other options as well next time I go.
OMG...probably one of the best sandwiches I've feasted on in NYC..... I came on a Saturday around 1:30pm and there was no line, so that was good! I ordered a 5 spice pork belly sandwich with the blood orange lemonade. The Sandwich was AMAZING. Just opening the cover and seeing the juiciness of the pork and smelling the aroma of the yumminess was...just incredible. One bite and you could taste the crispy bread and the pork belly fuse together and your taste buds relish in the ecstasy of coming in contact with such good food. 5 stars! The blood orange lemonade was standard. A little too sour for my taste, but that's subjective. One little note though.... like I said, when I came in, the shop was pretty much empty but the cashier still forgot to make my drink for me even though I was standing right in front of him and I had to ask about it once the sandwich was handed to me. He rectified the mistake by making the drink immediately. So service could be a little more attentive but otherwise the sandwiches are FIVE STAR AMAZING.
oh thank goodness for num pang on 41st street. really, we needed it so bad. to actually have something to look forward to eating for lunch around here? unheard of.. until... i've tried enough sandwiches to know that there is not a single bad sandwich on the menu here, you simply cannot order wrong.. everything is delicious and unique and just fricken awesome.  Every one is made on perfectly crispy outside (no roof injuries here!) and chewy inside individual baguette from Parisi and topped with cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro and chili mayo (slightly too much mayo, but I'm really not complaining).  It may appear small at first, but don't be fooled, it's loaded. My top 3 sandwiches are the coconut shrimp, the pork belly and the brisket.  somewhere in the middle is cauliflower, pulled pork and the catfish.  the roasted chicken chimi is probably my least favorite, but i would still eat it again and again and again.  I will pass, however, of the roasted butternut squash soup (usually a favorite, this just tasted a little strange to me) and the pickles.  But I can't wait to keep trying more sandwiches!! Hooray for seasonal menus. No seats - take out only. And no alterations/substitutions/personal requests.  Do take extra srichacha on your way out.
Utterly amazing sandwiches, brilliantly efficient service and setup, high energy ambiance, all at non New York prices. My favorite go to place for a quick lunch in mid town. And judging by the fast moving lines, a lot of New Yorkers agree. The Shrimp and chicken sandwiches are not to be missed
This one is in my husband's office neighborhood and his regular place for grabbing a sandwich with his colleagues. One of my ex-colleagues who works in next door treated me to lunch here. I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich and she ordered tofu sandwich for herself. I absolutely loved the beet juice marinated, roasted portobello mushrooms inside my sandwich. I am definitely going back whenever in the neighborhood.
a new fusion type of vietnamese sandwich.  it's good, they gave a lot of meat and vegetables.  Good price for the area.
Had the pork belly sandwich that everyone is raving about. It gets 3.5 stars! While it was definitely quite tasty I must say that I have a strong preference for Vietnamese pork sandwiches  over these if were a South East Asian-flavored sandwich day for me. I was in love with the classic one from Baoguette in St.Marks but they closed down *sad* It's definitely a bite that you will not regret if you are conveniently near a Num Pang. They conveniently have quite a few locations in Manhattan.
3.5 stars rounding up to 4 Skirt steak sandwich (SO GOOD) Coconut lime spicy mayo corn (EVEN BETTER) Berry punch (Meh.) Peach ginger iced tea (Better than punch) Pork belly sandwich (Hubby seemed to like it) Awesome crispy not too chewy bread, tender steak, great flavors.
i just don't get it...4/5 stars..really? we ordered the suggested sandwiches...pork belly and the pulled pork. pork belly was gross.. it was so salty.. pulled pork had that an unappetizing odor..uughh the best part of the sandwich was the bread..the baguette.. the soup was decent hence the 1 star...but will not return...
OH MY GOD.  THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. My usual is the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich with a corn on the cob.  Not the plain corn, the all dressed up corn with all the sauce and whatever heavenly goods they put on it.  It's just a shame that all the sauce and flavor comes off on the foil because I end up (disgusting as it may be) licking the foil to get all that goodness off.  I'm just afraid I'll take a bite into the foil since I'm so ravenously nomming away. The sandwich is amazing.  All of the sandwiches I've had really.  The coconut tiger shrimp is by far my favorite.  I've had the pulled pork which also pleases my tongue.  They had this seasonal fish sandwich last fall which was so delicious I wish it was on the regular menu.  The bread for the sandwiches are perfectly toasted so they're not crumbling as you bite into them or ripping into your gums. During lunch this place can get quite a line, but it goes by fast.  They got an assembly line going inside that tiny little store.
The pork belly sandwich...mm mm good. Sure they gouge you a little bit with the $8 price tag but in this area it's standard pricing. Who really spends less than $10 on lunch in midtown Manhattan?? I have to say the corn was kind of disgusting though. Thought it might blow my mind like Mexican corn. I gave it a try today and the coconut flakes and chili powder did not mesh well with the corn. I ended up scraping all of it off and eating corn on the cob for $3. Pricey for what it is but delicious flavors! Especially loved the pickled pear inside the sandwich.
Amazing. Had the tofu sandwich. Bread was warm,crisp on the outside, and soft and juicy on the inside (from the sauce). Sauce was slightly spicy and I added hot sauce. Perfectly grilled onions, fresh shredded carrots, thinly sliced cucumber. And, spiced to perfection!
Five spice pork belly sandwich = explosion of awesome in the mouth. I am pretty sure the first time I had it, I barely came up for air because I could not stop eating it. So intensely delicious and perfectly sized. I've also tried the yam sandwich, catfish sandwich, and regular pork belly, which are all delicious in their own right...but for me, they really just don't comare to the five spice pork belly. Regardless of whether or not you even like pork belly, there's a wide variety of options to suit everyone's needs. Definitely worth the 20min wait during prime lunch time.
That was a good sandwich. There was also a long line. But it went relatively quickly. Both the sandwich and the line. Num Pang is a good choice for a lunch that's somewhat different from the usual Midtown East fare. I got the Five Spice Pork Belly sandwich based on other Yelp reviews and also because of my love for pork belly. And indeed it was good, the pickled pear, cucumbers and shredded carrots added a nice tang and slight crunch to balance the fatty savoriness of the pork belly. But my sandwich only received a small wedge of meat, so my sandwich was really more of a half-meat, half-veggie sandwich split horizontally down the baguette. Minus one star for skimping on my meat. I also noticed that as soon as I left with my sandwich, there was no more line. So I'm guessing the sweet spot to head over would be 1:50pm if you want to avoid the wait. No guarantees on that though. Also of note: The blood orange lemonade was very yummy. My cup was not full to the top though and that made me a little angry.
I had the Spanish Mackerel with leeks, and got a grilled corn on the cob with it.   I work just around the corner and every single day between 12 and 2 pm, I see these long lines in front of this place.  I remember there used to be a juice or smoothie place here that was always empty.  Anyway, the lines moves very fast and efficent and being on a line 40 people deep, I got to the order window in less than 10 min.  My sandwich at first didnt look big, but the mackerel was a decent size, slightly crispy on the outside, moist inside, and sauce which included olive oil and delicate, wasnt so ovepowering where you couldnt taste the mackerel.  It tasted great and was more filling than I expected.  The grilled corn on the cob for an extra $2.50 was the bomb... it's grilled in a magical coconut curry secret-ingredient sauce which is addictive.   After I devoured my corn in 2 minutes, I used the remains of my sauce and dipped my sandwich in it.   Yes, that good!  I'll be back soon to try other sandwiches... prob the skirt steak or tiger shrimp.
Bit the bullet and took the train here for my lunch break. At first glance I was a bit worried that the line would take forever, but they seem to have it down to a science so it moves surprisingly fast. (good thing too because the smells here make you instantly STARVING) I ordered the five-spiced glazed pork belly. It seems like an interesting spin off of a bahn mi, but still I found myself enjoying it. There was something funny tasting with the cilantro, but overall it was a pretty good sandwich. I can't say that I'd travel to get this on a regular interval (I'm one stop away), but if I worked in the area, I would certainly put this into my lunch week cycles. I will try to come back to try some of their other offerings. Though I wouldn't put this as something gourmet per se, I would still say the conceptualization and the way the food is put together seems to add an interesting twist to lunch routines. If you're in the area of 41st and lex, DEFINITELY try at least once. May not blow your mind but still good nonetheless
Sooooo delicious. Wish this place was next to my workplace. I ordered the Peppercorn catfish and my sister ordered the Pork Belly. The catfish and peppercorn tasted great together. Definitely had a bite to it, but together with the pickled carrots, cucumbers, and cilantro it meshed really well together. I normally don't like mayo, but they used a chili soy-based mayo on my sandwich which worked  very well with the sandwich. The bread was hot and crispy. Overall a very perfect sandwich. My only complaint is that it's a bit expensive and small. I only had a bite of the pork belly but the bite I had was just as good as my catfish. Very tender and full of pork belly flavor goodness.
the sandwich was amazing. i loved the pulled pig. it was sweet juicy and all. i just hate it when its a dining place without a restroom! the decor is nice. staff is friendly. i really want to come back here and try something else again.
Step 1: Order a Pork Belly Sandwich and Grilled Corn. Step 2: Take two times the amount of napkins that you think you need and a fork. Step 3: Run back to your office. Step 4: Close / lock your office door, take your phone off of the hook, and clear your desk.   Step 5: Consume your food like an animal*** (with no witnesses to judge you). Step 6: Remember to take corn kennels out of your hair and keyboard. Step 7: Use every napkin you have to clean your hands and face. Step 8: Breathe. _____________________ *** I have on occasion licked the chili mayo from the aluminum foil - don't judge until you've had their corn.
A friend from work recommended this place and its now my favorite sandwich place in NYC!  I have had every sandwich on the menu.  All of them are great...down to the bread!  My personal favorite is the grilled steak w crushed corriander and peppercorn.  The people at my office really like the peppercorn catfish.  Duroc pork is excellent as well as the brisket.  I had the gazpacho soup...I'm not a fan of that, but I don't like gaspacho soup generally.
Too much mayo!  I want to like this place but there is way too much mayo on the sandwiches for my taste. I could get over that, but the staff is really snarky when you ask for no mayo. I can respect a "no substitutions" policy, but what about merely excluding an ingredient? By the time I get back to my office the bread is hopelessly soggy.
Oh my YUM! I've been to this place three times and the sandwiches were spot-on delicious every single time. I've had the catfish sandwich twice and the tiger prawn one once. The The tiger prawn sandwich was a little funny to eat since there were clumps of shrimp inside and they kept falling out whenever I picked it up. However, the catfish...SO GOOD. The fish is tender and mixed with all that other stuff (carrots, cucumbers, cabbage, more cs...) and sauce, it's amazing. I tried part of friend's pulled pork and the pork was so flavorful and tasty! One main negative for me was the blood orange lemonade. It was a bit too sour for my taste. Or maybe it's cause I have no idea what blood orange or lemonade is supposed to taste like. Last thing - I have NO IDEA how they do their numbering system. Basically, you order and you stand there and wait for them to call your number. My number was 216. During my time there, they called numbers between the range of 196 to 238! Obviously, it is done nowhere in order. Friend who got the pulled pork had to wait about 5 minutes AFTER me (even though she ordered before me) to get her sandwich. Overall, TRY it. You won't regret it.
Ummm I came with such high expectation.  Came on a Sat and no line.  Ordered the five spice pork belly and the catfish.  The flavor is there but just didn't have the same satisfaction I got when I ate a bahn mi.  Don't take me wrong, their sandwiches are still above average but I couldn't see myself standing online here during my precious lunch hours.
Peppercorn Catfish and Pork Belly sandwiches were equally great. One sandwich is plenty big enough, but I just had to try two.
Definitely worth a try at any of their locations.  The sandwiches are super fresh and made to order.  Went last week on a whim with a friend of mine for lunch.  The graffiti on the wall over the counter for eating are eye catching amongst the chaotic scene of sandwich pick up.  Good luck trying to get comfortable during lunch.  Best to grab and go.     My buddy and I split the following:   Hoisin Meatballs with jasmine rice, basil, and stewed tomatoes Grilled Hanger Steak with crushed coriander and peppercorn Each sandwich comes on a short 5 inch fresh baked roll with cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro and chili mayo.  It will run you about $8-10 per sandwich.  If you have a big appetite try two or go for a side.  It's definitely worth the money for the wonderful combinations. Looking forward to trying more items from the menu.
Just ok. Went in close to closing and my first couple of choices were sold out. Went to the Murray Hill location: staff was friendly enough, prices were great. Tried the pulled Duroc pork sandwhich and the five spice glazed pork belly sandwhiches just to see how they were (a single sandwhich and a side are plenty for a person to eat). The pulled pork was better, the pork belly meat was a bit too fatty for me. Also had a side of grilled vegetables (brussel sprouts were a little bitter and too chared for me) and tried the grilled corn. Now... the corn was absolutely awesome BUT it's definitely not health food! Lots of mayo, just enough spice to keep it interesting, and some char from the grill. Tasted great, but could feel my arteries slowly clogging with each bite I took. Would probably eat there again, but would go earlier to try one of the other sandwhiches--in an effort to find one I liked better--and to eat another piece of corn. ;-)
Pork belly, yum. Really that should be all I have to say, but I'll say a bit more. The bread has a nice chew to it, and the green tea was a nice refreshing contrast to the glorious fat of the pork belly. My only critique is that it would have been perfect if the sandwich was just [this] much bigger as I was still a touch hungry at the end. Definitely a quality product, and worth coming back to try the other sandwiches too!
Brought a friend there. We both got the pork belly sandwich. I can't say it's the best pork belly banh mi I've ever had, but it was excellent. Pork belly not too fatty (which I liked but friend did not). Spiced perfectly, with just enough pickled veg. I think the tough bread might have been the only thing that could be improved, for a ~$10 sandwich. But still overall very good. Note that there's no seating here.
Two vegetarian options - one if tofu and the other is cauliflower.  Both are excellently flavoured.  I am not a big bread person, but their baguettes nicely done too.  Not made in house, but ordered.
There are tasty sandwiches here, albeit a bit pricey. The service is fast.  The blaring noise pollution (rap music) churned my stomach more than the sriracha ever could.  Luckily, the wait was brief.  Four stars, five when the radio gets turned off.
This was my first place in NYC that I've ever eaten at...and it was well worth the heat I had to walk in to get to it.   This quaint little shop that seemed like it would get lost in between all these tall New York buildings, was certainly a gem.  I was confused by the menu but in the end settled on the five-spice pork belly. I was warned that there was no way to leave without getting at least half of the sandwich on your hand.  It was very good, the meat was flavorful and tender, the vegetables were crispy and the bread was the best part especially the parts soaked in the juices.  But they were wrong, I didn't leave with half the sandwich on my hands....because I pretty much licked my hands clean.  Don't judge, it was that good lol. I was told the sandwiches were small, but when I saw it, it was quite large and plenty to split among two people.  I wish I could've gone back, but alas, too many places in NY to get to.   This place will be my first stop next time I'm in NYC, hopefully soon!
Awesome pork belly and even better brisket sandwich.  A nice change of pace from my normal lunch routine.  Well worth $9 per sandwich.  That said, for a to-go only sandwich shop intentionally designed look dumpy,  5 stars comes only with a super value...very strong 4+.
Pulled pork sandwich was very good.  Ingredients were fresh and complemented everything very well.  What I appreciated most about Num Pang sandwiches was that the bread wasn't overly toasted.  I often find that the roof of my mouth is numb after eating a sandwich at other bahn mi places.  This place does it perfectly. Great little lunch place.
What is Num Pang?  I really didn't know what to expect but it's a Cambodian sandwich shop in NYC and 'Num Pang' is the Cambodian term for bread or sandwich.  I must say that I was impressed and this small restaurant gets 5 stars from me on my first visit.  They have a variety of specialty sandwiches and even specialty sodas.  However, the one of the best sandwiches that I've ever had is their five spiced glazed pork belly sandwich.  It had so much flavor that it was just ridiculous.  Yum!
Good-not-great sandwich here at lunch today. The line looked long but moved quickly, and the operation seemed well organized and efficient. I had the pulled pork, which was not really pulled... and therein lies the problem. This was essentially a plain hunk of meat, over an inch thick and quite solid, rather than a pile of smaller, meltingly-tender fork-pulled pieces in a moist sauce of some sort. The chili mayo lends flavor and mitigates dryness; the cucumber, pickled carrots and cilantro add crunch and herbal freshness, and the Parisi bread is warm, crisp and good quality. I realize they are apples and oranges, but as I was eating this, it kept reminding me of a bánh mì only heavier, not as spicy and ... well...  just not as good. I would go back and try Num Pang again, maybe the catfish or veal meatball options. It's a good addition to the Grand Central area lunch scene. There is quality here, and appealing combinations, but the execution of the sandwich I had today could've been better.
Best sandwich spot in town
BEST Banh Mi i've ever had!!!!!! (though I do admit, my experience is limited) i could literally eat the coconut tiger prawn sandwich everyday if i had to. In fact, that's what i did once i realized the existence of num pang! EVERYTHING about this sandwich is just right - from the toasty, fresh baked french baguette, to the wonderfully seasoned shimp, the spicy mayo, and the lightness of the veggies. there is NOTHING to complain about this! I also get some extra sriracha (red spicy sauce) on the side and drizzle it on top for an extra kick. LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!
This place definitely become my favorite place for sandwiches. Although it says its a cambodian style sandwich its basically like a Banh Mi Sandwich. However, out of all the ones I tried, this has to come close to what I think is perfection. The bread was let say enticing as the smell, the feel, the crunch it gives is what brings you into this lovely sandwich as the first layer. Depending on your sandwich you will hit the spicy mayo after the bread which adds a nice tangy and spicy feel to your taste buds. The next would be the pickled vegetables that is just amazing. The next should be depending on your type of sandwich something that just adds another layer of foodgasm and another reason why you will keep coming back. I have to say after my first sandwich I felt I needed more and it was not like oh I need to get another one later. It was like wow I need another one now kind of feeling. Believe me, considering how I am that usually never happens. Recommendations: (I only tried two of them but I can assure you won't be disappointed) The Pork Belly Brisket
Went here for lunch and the line was pretty long, probably 30 people deep.  It moved pretty quickly though.  My sandwich was delish, the flavors went very well together.  My only complaint was that it was a smallish sandwich for the price, if it was a little bigger it might have been a five star rating....
Got a hoisin meatball sandwich, which was good but not at all what's listed on their menu.  Interesting that jasmine rice was listed as one of the sandwich ingredients, but I guess it was implied that the rice was in the meatballs themselves (in which case I guess you could also list bread crumbs, meat, seasoning....)?  It also lists basil, but I don't remember basil playing a starring role.  However, I was surprised to find there was a pretty decent bunch of cilantro, and thankfully I'm one of the people out there who tastes cilantro as "yum" instead of "eww this smells like soap."  Anyways, I enjoyed the sandwich, the flavors were good and the baguette was very fresh, but I would appreciate a more accurate description of what I'm actually purchasing. There's a small industrial-looking sitting area upstairs with old rusty windows that overlook the inside of a parking garage, where they were blasting heavy metal when I got there.  While I was able to tune it out, my friend found it annoying as hell.  The AC was also barely cooling down the room and it was during a summer heat wave.  Because I was here on a Sunday evening, there was no line, no wait.   Overall, probably fine for takeout, and not bad food in this area.
The food is tasty.  I had a pork belly sandwich and chicken with rice soup but the portions are very small.  It's more like a half sandwich and at $8.50, I think it is way overpriced.  The soup (a small) is about half the size of your typical deli soup serving and at $4.75.  So soup and sandwich for $14 after tax, I think is too much for the amount you are given. It was a nice novelty compared to having another turkey sandwich, but I would not be in a rush to go back on a value basis. Went back today 5-21-14.  Catfish sandwich was great.   Cambodian slaw.....LOOK OUT, SPICY!!! 3 Alarm fire.  I don't know what it's seasoned with but my mouth is on fire!
A little pricy for the amount of food you get, but the sandwiches are pretty delicious.  The pork belly and pear sandwich was one of the best I've ever had.  The grilled peach sandwich was excellent as well. Can't wait to try some of their other sandwiches...
Many times in food, it's always the simplest things that are the hardest to get right.  One would think that sandwiches should be pretty straight forward and easy to prepare.  But even peanut butter and jelly can get screwed up royally.  Safe to say this place does Vietnamese sandwiches right... something that's hard to find in this area. I ordered the Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly sandwich.  It comes with fresh cucumbers, shredded carrots, pickled Asian pear, a spiced mayo, all on a crispy baguette.  The pork was soft, flavorful and had a slight kick to it without being over bearing.  I actually grabbed a thing of sriracha but didn't end up using it. The veggies were all crunchy and fresh tasting.  But the superstar of the sandwich is the bread.  It had a nice toasty crisp with a soft chewy center.  It absorbed the sauce well and made each bite that much more flavorful. With a great staff and quick service, and not to mention other delicious options on the menu, I will definitely be back to try them all at some point.  Hopefully, the seasonal menu doesn't change before I have that opportunity.
These sandwiches are delectably scrumptious! I keep dreaming about the next time I will visit this place. Although the sandwich is a little pricey, but well worth the taste! The portion is just right for lunch. I have tired all their sandwiches and I like the leeks and mahi mahi sandwich the most! What are you still contemplating about?  Just go already!
Cheap, fast, and extremely satisfying.  I tried the pulled pork sandwich.  It comes on a little french roll with some spicy aoili, cucumber, a couple sprigs of cilantro, and a very healthy portion of mouthwatering pulled pork.  Perfect amount of heat mixed with the sweet bbq on the pork.  I plan on coming back....alot!
I forgot to take pictures because it was so good! Recommend the ginger glazed brisket! And apple ginger cider take it with you to the ny public library and enjoy the warm sun and greet spring! If i only had this sandwhich at the opening mets n nats game!
It was hard to believe that we have paid $8 to $11 for sandwiches but they were interesting sandwiches - we had a pork belly and coconut shrimp. They tasted good and would be great picnic items.
I went to this place once and trust me when I say I will return. The sandwich I had was amazing, it was called Chicken "Chimi". Next time I will try the Squash soup cause I heard that was so good.
Love the pork belly, pulled pork, and sausage sandwiches the most. Wasn't wild about the 'Spicy Organic Tofu' tofu since it wasn't very firm or flavorful. I've somehow been remiss in my visits here in not trying any of the seafood options or side dishes. Just pork sandwiches, all the time (I'm from the South so it makes sense). They take card, which is hugely important to me sometimes. There aren't any tables but a lot of people opt to stand up and use the counters to wolf down their sandwiches quickly. If you want to take it back to the office (or to Bryant Park), they'll give you some napkins and side Sriracha. Glad to see they have some newer locations further south!
Blood orange lemonade and hoisin meatball sandwich - delish! Need to try the peppercorn catfish sandwich next time. Oh and there will be a next time ... Oh yes. Also, friendly and helpful counter service, willing to recommend things. But be prepared for monster lines at lunchtime. I came at 3 PM when many other lunch places in the area are closed - perfect timing. No seating area FYI.
The first time I had it I wasn't impressed after comparing with those Vietnamese sandwiches.  However, after a more tries since they were the only Asian sandwich options near my work, they really started to grow on me.  I like their pull pork, shrimp, and cauliflower sandwich the best.  The only negative thing I can think of is that their baguette is a bit too thick for my taste.
Really salty peppercorn catfish, but maybe it was supposed to be like that?? I just thought it was too salty for the veggies and bread to balance it out enough. However, the fish was very tender and cooked just right. The bread was also nice and toasty and crispy. Pricey sandwiches for $8+. Definitely priced for financial district / NYC. I'm used to banh mi costing around $5-6. Chili mayo makes the sandwiches seem less authentic. I would prefer the brown sauce that some places use. Couldn't give it four stars because a regular dish on the menu was not up to par.
solid sandwiches. i had the pork belly. bread was a little more chewy than i prefer but that's ok. i would come back.
I'm always craving these sandwiches now. They cram it all in one humble sandwich- salty, sweet, tangy, spicy, crunchy, savory. We always get the pork belly and mackerel sandwiches. The sandwiches don't look that huge but they really fill you up big time. Be sure to take a few wetnaps because eatin' time can get messy. On that note, these sandwiches are not good for eating with people that you want to impress because you'll look like an animal devouring it. There's no way around that.
The Cambodian baguette sandwiches at Num Pang bear a striking resemblance to banh mi. Each sandwich comes with pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro and their signature chili mayo. The warm, toasted semolina flour baguettes are filled with a variety of interesting fillings like peppercorn catfish, five spice glazed pork belly, hoisin meatballs, Khmer sausage, etc. Sandwiches are made to order. They also have soups, sides, beverages and t-shirts. * Roasted salt & pepper Japanese yam sandwich with Swiss chard and cipollini onions ($7.25) yelp.com/biz_photos/num-…: It's a smaller sandwich (and pricier) but a good quality sandwich with fresh ingredients. The smaller roll was softer than usual, toasted and mostly chewy but the end bits were slightly crispy. The carrots were pickled nicely but not crunchy. The cucumbers added a crunchy freshness. Loved the soft slices of sweet, creamy roasted yam. The sauces were yummy. I enjoyed the flavors very much but felt there was too much mayo, too much bread and not enough textural contrast. It's a tiny spot with a hipster/urban feel. They do mostly a takeout business though there are counters where you can stand and eat your sandwich. If you're hungry, add on a side. Cash only.
we were walking around aimlessly and hungry. decided to look up places to eat in the area and found this gem. definitely nicer and newer than the other num pang locations. but the food was still the same and delicious. we ordered the pork belly sandwich to go. i was afraid that by the time i took it home it would be soggy and gross. but it held up! it was still super tasty. omg. the sauce and the way it was cooked. DELICIOUS. i would stay away from the ginger drink. unless you REALLY like ginger. it was too much ginger for me.
Ok, I need everyone to really calm down. This is just a sandwich shop. Period. That being said, a pricey sandwich shop at that (but acceptable because it's midtown). Had the pork belly. Was very good. Juicy and super flavorful. Bout 4-5 inches in length but packed a punch. Blood orange lemonade was also very good and freshly made. Went here at around 12:30. Line was pretty long, but moved quickly. FYI, if you can, definitely order ahead and just pick-up. Also, there is absolutely NO seating space in this joint. I'd definitely say hit this place up when your subway club just ain't cuttin it anymore.
The quality of the sandwiches here is just like the Union Square location, AMAZING. Sometimes restaurants with multiple locations loose their quality with each new restaurant that's opened. Not this one.   There's really nothing you can order that bad from this place. This time I chose from their traditional menu. I believe it was hoisin meatballs. Delicious. A bit messy, but delicious. Typical in Vietnamese bahn mi style, the pickled vegetables help brighten up the sandwich and balance out the flavor. I think my only complaint would be that the sandwiches are too small. However, I eat a lot, so the portions are probably just right for most people.
Num Pang is sentimental for me.  The pork belly sandwich was the last  meal I had on my visit to my girlfriend in NYC last week--one that we shared while waiting for the airport shuttle outside Grand Central.  And maybe it was that desire just to make everything feel especially real for the last few moments we were there, but wow was that a great meal.  Rich, soft, slightly charred pork belly, no shortage of sauce.  A wonderful mix of flavor and texture.  I wish I'd had more time to enjoy it, but it was a pretty delicious way to end a trip.
Nice little Cambodian sandwiches, smaller and less spicy (good Asian hot sauce is there) than the more common Vietnamese style but with higher quality filling.  I had the glazed pork belly, braised it seems, which is very sweet and tasty if a bit dry.  The bread was excellent.  Interesting garnishes.  It's not a lot of food for over $12 (for sandwich and fancy soda); then again, in the Grand Central area you can get a lot worse value and a lot less quality.  No seating and very little standing room.  Despite what their website says I didn't notice anywhere to eat outside.  I wouldn't go too far out of my way for this but it's a great option if around here.
Excellent midtown lunch location. Reasonably priced, quick line, and DELICIOUS sandwiches. I've had the pulled pork (juicy and delicious), coconut shrimp (I felt like one or two more shrimps would have made the sandwich perfect), salt and pepper yam (really tasty once you get over the overwhelming starchiness of the sandwich), blue fish and leek (a seasonal option but one of my favorites), and salmon and leek (also seasonal, and a pretty buttery hunk of salmon).   Be careful with the sandwiches though. they are in the small side but they pack a heavy punch. That is, they will knock you into a food coma about two hours after eating, so maybe take a rain check if you have to be productive in the afternoon. One slight issue I have with the sandwiches is that many of them use the same fillings--the same spiced mayo and pickled vegetables.  Of course, it's all still delicious, but the flavors can be a bit repetitive. I've had one salad--with shrimp--but it wasn't worth it. the shrimp was good (what you get on the sandwiches) but the rest of it was mediocre. Sad shredded lettuce and odd tasting vinegary dressing. No seating.  There is a standing area where you can eat, but it's small so prepare to take it back to the office or to eat outside.   Note:  They don't allow any substitutions and will not customize at all.  A little bit of a bummer, but on the plus side the line goes very quickly.
Definetly an oasis amidst a desert of midtown drudgery. Nixed Chipotle and Europa for a 7 block walk in 100 plus heat. Four stars for great food: banging shrimp sandy and watermelon juice (extra ice). Num Pang missed 5 stars because no bathroom and no stools.
Wow!  Delicious, creative, fast, friendly.
this place is the bees knees. coconut shrim sandwich is awesome. so are their salads. the salads have herbs like scallions and cilantro giving it an extra depth of flavor and complimenting the protein you add to it. I could eat here every night and not get bored. I recommend getting a shrimp salad and a pork belly sandwich! one alone may not be enough because there is not a ton of meat on the sandwich or salads. they will do double meat for you, or double shrimp, on the salads or sandwiches. SO GOOD!
Really flipping good sandwiches. I would give 5 stars, but have had different levels of sandwich experience there. Today I had the peppercorn catfish...real good. Wife had the tiger shrimp....also good (mine was better). Last time she got the cauliflower sandwich (bleh) but I got the pulled pork...it was un-canny!!! BOOM! So tasty...so, the lesson is: Pig = 5 stars, Catfish 4, Shrimp 3.7, Cauliflower, 1.6.
sandwiches: amazing.
Cauliflower sandwich was great. There's no seating, so you'll need to take your sandwich elsewhere, or huddle over the small counter. A good choice for eating alone, however, just for that reason. They're a well oiled machine-- service was fast, and the sandwich was delish. Not easy to find a truly great vegetarian sandwich, and this one was perfect, simple, filling. Can't wait to try more!
Just got the spicy pumpkin soup (as special) and the pulled pork sandwich.  This was my first time here.  I am not a fan of pickled veggies or mayo, so I "simplified" my sandwich a bit for my somewhat picky tastes.  And it was delicious.  I only got a small of the soup, but I wish I had gotten a large! UPDATE I have been here several times since.  All the sandwiches are good (i still simplify them!) and I especially enjoyed the Batali Pang today.  Tried the red lentil soup and found it to be utterly tasteless, however.  Stick to the spicy pumpkin!
I'm no expert on banh mi, but these sandwiches are excellent, extremely fresh ingredients including the bread.  Right around the corner from my office and I want to go there every day!
Always a line during lunch. Always worth the wait. In reality, the line moves pretty quickly because Num Pang doesn't mess around. Their sandwiches all rest upon a perfectly crusty french baguette. I'm a big fan of the pork belly but don't hesitate to try out their seasonal specials, especially if you're a regular!
Had the 5 spice pork belly and blood orange lemonade. Did NOT disappoint. I honestly could have used a tad bit more mayo and cilantro, didn't care for the pickled pear, and was literally chewing into clumps of fat at the end. But even with all that, it was soooo worth it. Oh and that bread: yum. But can I just recommend that you try the honey pork sandwich down at Qi on 14th street? I have yet to eat a pork banh mi sandwich that beats that one.
Pulled pork sandwich will change you.
Tasty little sandwich place near Grand Central. The sandwiches are most comparable to the better known banh mi, although these are cambodian-style. These sandwiches look smaller than a typical banh mi; I think those use 8" baguettes, whereas these look closer to 6". The type of bread is also not the same. Num Pang uses a less flaky crust baguette, cut straight through. The catfish while done well seemed small portioned for $8.50. The pork belly I tried another day, however, is quite a mouthful with its large piece of meaty, fatty belly running down the middle. That plus a watermelon juice ($4.25) really hit the spot on a warm and muggy da, keeping me full for the afternoon. This joint has a little counter space on the edges to eat your sandwich standing, but most people seem to take theirs to go. I'd give them a higher rating if it weren't for how pricey it all is; half the price would get you an excellent banh mi in SF, but oh well, this is NY.
Giving it 4 stars for their great sandwiches and stocking my favorite coconut juice. An extra star for giving my 5-minute lunch breaks the feeling of a longer and exotic escape. My favorite sandwiches I'd recommend are the ginger brisket an khmer sausage. Have occasionally experimented others but always came back to these two. However, I do believe each of us can find his personal favorite there.
Great bread and the line moves exceptionally fast. I will be back. Sandwiches a little small, but worth the money
I have had Num Pang Bookmarked for so long, but the line was always so long. I FINALLY made it and I'll say it was worth it. Expect to pay about $10 per person without drinks; that's Midtown for ya. But, for that ten, expect to get a delicious sandwich. I had the Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly...DEE-lish! It was perfectly sweet and savory; the pickled Asian pear is a nice addition. I had a bite of my Mom's Mahi Mahi sandwich; not really enough to completely review, but of what I tasted, it was pretty good. Their sauces are on point. The restaurant itself has a little bit of a clean divey feel (if you can call anything in Midtown "divey"). Its pure takeout, so expect to be huddled up in a small space waiting for you order. But while you're waiting, enjoy the throwback music. A Cambodian sandwich shop in Manhattan, NY where you can listen to old school hip hop while waiting for your pulled pork...Love it!
OMG!!! HANDS DOWN BEST SANDWICH EVER!!!! Me and the bf were in nyc for a mini vacay and a friend of mine had suggested we try this place out. Thank goodness we did because we were in love! My bf even said it ruin all the food we ate out there because all he wanted was NUM PANG 24/7! We had the Pork Belly which was just so tender and bursting with flavors! The bread was nice and toasty! The 1st location we went to was actually a lot smaller but they had a little seating area upstairs and I do mean tiny. We met up with my friends and family the next day who also were not from ny and told them we had to take them there and they automatically fell in love with it too.We also triedthe khmer sausage(brookyln banger), coconut strip and the steak and I must say, they were all so damn good! Our last day in NYC, we decided to bring back 6 sandwiches to LA,but it didn't make it here :( They so need to open a NUM PANG down here!!!
Tasty sandwich.  I agree that it's small.  But my biggest problem is that I don't really like mayo so not in a hurry to go back.
I hate to say "This is the best sandwich I have ever eaten," but I think I might be able to do it. The pork belly sandwich was amazing. Amazing in that kind of way that only happens once-in-a-while. You know, like when you have some leftover roast beef, turkey or pork or something after a holiday, and also happen to have some great bread lying around and you decide to get a little creative and it's awesome.     The difference with Num Pang Sandwich Shop is that they are always there - churning out these little masterpieces every day. MUST GO!
Awesome.   Would get 5 stars for the food, the only issue is they are too awesome and the line can get long.  Get there early, or be happy waiting.
Delicious. That's all you need to know. 5 spice pork belly is a must.
I'm furtively typing this review on my phone at work because I'm that ridiculously pleased by the hanger steak salad I just devoured. Everybody knows that the sandwiches are awesome. Or if you don't, you should go and check it out right now. I took a break from Num Pang for awhile because a) I went too often and b) Sandwiches are pretty messy for a quick lunch. I was really surprised to see a friend bring a salad from here to lunch the other day and decided I had to check it out for myself. It might be Num Pang "Sandwich Shop" but they make a damn good salad too.  I wouldn't consider it a healthy salad where I feel like I'm doing good dead of the day by eating leafy green vegetables but the combination of the romaine, cabbage, bell peppers, sprouts, cilantro, and crushed peanuts makes for a very satisfying, fresh, and crunchy (in a good way) salad. Great flavors and the steak was perfect. Definitely adding Num Pang back onto my weekly lunch rotation.
I LOVE the delicious baguette bread that is the perfect compliment to their wide range of yummy fillers. My personal favorite is the coconut shrimp. Overall great concept thats well executed. Perfect spot to pick up weekday lunch. Only downsides are the long line to order (but you can order online prior for pickup and delivery) and that they don't have any seating.  But the tasty sandwiches more than make up for it.
Best little vietnamese sandwiches in the city.  Can't complain about the prices because it tastes like they use really fresh ingredients.  Food prices will soon be going up all over the city as soon as all of these places realize they are losing money because their cost of ingredients has sky rocketed.
Spicy Catfish Sammich or Tiger Prawn enough said! This place is quick and delish! Try avoiding the crazy lunch lines. Don't forget to add sriracha on you sammich
Super fast, super delicious- will definitely go back! Went w/ some colleagues for lunch- 2 of us had the Tiger Shrimp sandwich and the others had the pulled pork- all parties were very happy. The serving size is just enough to be fulfilling without leaving you feeling stuffed, and It only cost me about $8. I also heard the blood orange lemonade was pretty good. Not really any seating inside but if you walk down to 3rd and make a right, you can go up a few flights of steps to a cool garden terrace with tables and benches.
Tasty. The meat seems high quality (I've tried the steak and the pulled pork) although could be flavored a bit more. They do provide hot sauce.  The bread is not traditional hard french bread as many have stated, it is lighter and softer with a crispy crust - very good. Go at 11:45 or so and you won't have to wait.  The size is fine for me for lunch, but I can see how bigger eaters might want a second one.
If you are into pork belly and love sandwiches, then this place is a must! Stopped by here just before on my lunch break with the wifey and we picked up some glazed pork belly sandwiches.  Comes with pickled carrots, cilantros, cucumber and Asian pears with chili mayo.  The sandwich did look a little small from the packaging but it was really a perfect size so you don't get major food coma afterwards.  The spice was right on, the pork belly was cooked with a good sweet glaze and the bread was toasted too.   The line looked a bit long and intimidating but don't be fooled as it went rather quick once you place your order.   Definitely will be back in the future for other sandwiches to try as well.
This is a Yelp find while in the city for business. Fun, funky, whole in the wall place. Went with the fan favorite pork belly and it didn't disappoint. Had a side of the strangest roasted corn ever. I think I liked it and it was different so it delivered there. Five star on what it is. Good, cheap, quality food.
The upside is that the staff is friendly and the food is ready pretty quickly.  The namesake sandwiches, however, I've found to be hit or miss.  The catfish is usually excellent and the pulled pork is pretty good.  Coconut tiger shrimp was pretty lacking; the shrimp were overcooked and didn't have much flavor.  And the pork belly, which I normally love, is a crapshoot; sometimes well-prepared and other times nearly inedible.  I know they don't bill themselves as a banh mi shop, but I've been spoiled by paying $4-5 for a stellar bahn mi sandwich and these are in a similar vein.  At an average cost of around $8 for a small sandwich, the prices are just too high.  The "sides" are no bargain either.  Six bucks for grilled zucchini & summer squash?  Really?  In addition, the just had a price increase across the menu and the portions appear to be getting skimpier, making Num Pang even less of a deal.  As another reviewer posted, I will come back here from time to time when I'm really hankering for a particular sandwich, but those visits will be few and far between.
Happily, I work right around the corner from Num Pang and am steadily working my way through every item on the menu. For the most part, every sandwich has been fantastic, and the fresh, perfectly toasted baguette ensures I keep coming back again and again. What I've tried so far: HITS - Definitely Try! - Peppercorn Catfish: I dont even like fish and I love this sandwich. - Pork Belly: How can you go wrong with pork belly? (rhetorical question) - Roasted Salt & Pepper Yam: Surprisingly, I was a fan of this one. The flavors and textures really work and you hardly miss the protein. A good choice if looking for a lighter option. - Red Curry Lentil Soup: Comes topped with cilantro and fried onions, which really pop. Hearty enough for a meal if you get the larger portion. - Grilled Corn: It's orgasmic. Just try it. MIDDLE OF THE ROAD - Take a Chance - Grilled Hanger Steak: This one takes a bit longer to prepare, so don't be surprised if people with orders behind you get their orders first. The hanger steak can be stringy. Better bring along the floss. - Chicken Chimi: Forgettable. Literally, as I can't remember a single thing about this sandwich.   MISSES - Stay Away! - Spicy Tofu: My vegetarian friend swears by the tofu sandwich, but personally I felt  like I was eating a soy sauce sandwich (with more texture). The salty soy sauce completely overpowers the subtle flavor of the tofu, as well as anything else. - Brooklyn Bangers: The bangers were mushy, none of the snap you usually get biting into a good sausage. Again this was waaaay salty. So much so that I could only eat half. Meh. Note: * For lunch orders, ordering online and picking up can save you time during prime lunch hours. However, if you're on the earlier or later side, there's hardly ever a wait. * There's no seating at this location, unlike the Union Square location.
Offended! I walked into this eatery for the first time a few days ago, and was greeted by Rick Rape Ross shouting "fucking hoes... nigga...nigga...nigga!" The workers seemed unbothered, and were mostly of European descent. I promptly wrote the management an email telling them how offended I was by their thoughtless choice of playing in a public retail environment music that contained sexist, racist, and classist language and concepts. They never wrote back. The boycott is on. I don't want an irresponsible self-entitled staff subjugating me to that abuse.
Delicious, perfect amount, the kind of food that you can get delivered without it turning into a mess.
I do not eat gluten, so I cannot review the sandwiches, but the Roast Chicken Salad is pretty damn good.  I highly suggest it.  Cabbage, Peppers, Lettuce and delicious chicken with a fish sauce dressing.  Its amazing.   In nice weather, this place can have a really long line, but it moves fast and is well worth the wait.   Give it a try if you are in the area.  I have been back 15 times or so already. A+ Would Eat Again!
NOM NOM NOM. Literally just ate the most amazing sandwich from here! The coconut shrimp sandwich was amazing. Im pretty anticarb but that bread is worth every caloric bite. I cant wait to go back here again. SOOOOOO tasty. They are super quick too which is great for grab and go.
i ordered the five-spice glazed pork belly for about $8. nothing has changed since my last review. the sandwiches here are still small...
Big fan of the catfish sandwich.  Not too heavy.  The bread was really good.  Also, they have sriracha in to-go containers.  Definitely want to go back.
Do yourself a big favor RUN to this place now. Order the pork belly sandwich. Two thumbs up. Excellent!!!!
it is more like 3-1/2 stars for me because it is an excellent sandwich.  my negatives are: small portion, high price, and taste is similar in most, if not all, sandwiches.  i don't go often because i do not think it is worth about $9-9.50 per sandwich that leaves me still hungry when i am done.  the tastes are sensational though, hence the favorable rating.
No seats and limited standing room at the counter.  The only Num Pang shop that has lots of seats at communal tables, as well as, at counters is the one in Chelsea (Broadway and 28th St.)  We came to this midtown east outpost for a quick bite before taking the subway to Yankee Stadium.  Had the pork belly sandwich, my usual order.  Like the cilantro and other fresh veggies.  The pork belly was good, too.  The bread was alittle too toasted for my taste so more crunchy than usual.  But a satisfying sandwich nonetheless.
Really tasty sandwich.  Loved it
i'm scarfing down my first num pang lunch (the tiger shrimp) as i type ...it's very good - definitely a step up from neighborhood rival (boi) ...flavors are more sublime, fresher (a veritable party in my mouth) ...service was really efficient ...can't wait to try num pang's other offerings!
Droool worthy lunch .....would do this for breakfast, lunch dinner and even a mid night snack. Crispy on the outside soft and chewy on the inside their baguettes are perfect. The fillings so far I have tried the salmon with leeks and the coconut shrimp/.... perfections, balance of flavors, tenderness, creaminess, makes me wonder how many calaories one of these are? Def worth a try.
There's not much to add to what's already been said on yelp: delicious sandwiches on perfectly cooked bread, and while the line gets long at lunch there's rarely any line during off hours.  If you can hold off on eating lunch until 2pm, you can basically bypass the line. Do yourself a favor and get a Boylan soda; a bottle of Boylan black cherry soda + coconut shrimp or pulled pork or veal meatballs sandwich= happiness
Absolutely delicious! I got the pork belly sandwich (as did everyone I went with) and we all were very satisfied. There was a perfect balance of flavored and a perfect portion size. It was a little messy, but only because they didn't skimp on any ingredients and they were falling out of the sandwich. I will definitely come here again. Don't come here with a group if you're looking for somewhere to sit. Very minimal room inside, mainly just for picking up your order. There is a little park area just down the block though, which is where my friends and I ended up.
Pulled pork sandwich was awesome!!!! Toasted bread. hmmmm The downside is the sandwich is small , not a typical size for a Vietnamese sandwich.
Delicious.  I tried both the pork belly sandwich and the coconut shrimp and they were both good (the pork belly a little better).  I think the coconut shrimp sandwich could have a tad more shrimp flavor, and the coconut flavor overpowered just a tad, but still a pretty solid sandwich.  I love that this place is close to grand central!
The food at this place is absolutely amazing and great, however the constant line of people that are standing outside their doors is a hassle! I didn't received such great customer service on the phone either when I tried to place a delivery order. However, try to pick a time when they aren't as busy and enjoy their amazing sandwiches like pork belly and catfish....
I LOVE this place! The food is so excellent and different from any other sandwich place. Some may say this is like banh mi, but I think it's so different that it can't really be thought of in the same way. The ingredients here are original and excellent, and the fresh bread is perfect for a sandwich of this type. The lunch line is never too long at 12:30, either, which makes this a great place when I want to pop away from my desk around the corner. Definitely recommend!
Typically when I see little places with long lines out the door I think, whatever it is must be good but over-hyped and I keep walking. Today is a rainy day and the line out of Num Pang was surprisingly short so I got myself the market fish sandwich (mahi mahi) and I was wrong, no over-hyping here. Just delicious, worth waiting in long line for sandwiches. Yum!
The Kale salad was great, if you like it on the sweeter side (they put apples and tahini sauce in theirs).  Very healthy if, slightly disappointing sandwiches.  I got the grilled salmon and it came with cucumber, cream cheese, tartar sauce, salmon of course, and plenty of picked beets and carrots.  You have to take my review with a grain of salt because I'm incredibly picky about cambodian/vietnamese sandwiches.  The rolls at Num Pang were toasted (thumbs up), but the bread itself, wasn't what I'd like.  It wasn't baguette like and tasted more like cardboard.  The fillings themselves were worth the money.  I also got the chicken and rice soup (very asian fusion, more like a chicken noodle soup with a lot of cilantro, nice for a nippy day, but not to-die-for).
Wow!  Tried their pulled duroc pork sandwich at Governor's Ball day 2 and was hooked immediately.  Meat was oh-so tender and the combo of crunchy cucumber, sour pickled carrots, fresh cilantro and chili mayo (and don't forget some sriracha) was off the hook.  They definitely earned my repeat business day 3 as well.  Will definitely be checking out more of the menu on my next visit to NYC.
I mean, it was tasty, but over $8 for a bite sized thing. I didn't realize I was in a French restaurant. Well, I wasn't--the bread was mediocre. I did appreciate the old school jams they played, Eminem, Tupac, then Biggie. Now I feel like screaming thug life and eating at a buffet. Seriously, small portion, man.
Cute little street side shop, and I think they even have a tiny seating area "upstairs."  I am wild for the short rib sandwhich, which has all of the flavor and none of that trendy bbq sweetness that I think we're all ready to say good bye to.  These short ribs are clearly BBQ'd with a chef's recipe, not out of a bottle.  My friend, a model and vegetarian, ALSO loves it here, and she's a size zero and doesn't eat meat or fish.  I really think this place is a can't miss no matter with whom you're dining.  I can't wait to try the other sandwiches they offer.
Actually more like 4.5 stars. Very good, unique sandwiches. If you are craving something different for lunch, definitely check this place out. I have tried the pork belly and pulled duroc pork sandwiches and loved both. Both were very flavorful and delicious. I have heard great things about the other sandwiches as well. They have started a new loyalty program on their app which gives you $8 off for every $88 you spend and $3 off your first purchase, so make sure to check that out. Definitely opt for take out because there is only a small counter in the shop, no tables. The only downside to the meal was the portion sizes are pretty small for the amount of money you spend. $10 for a sandwich is a little much to make this a regular lunch spot, but it is definitely a nice treat!
Try the Glazed Pork Belly Sandwich. Best Pork Belly sandwich in Manhattan! Num Pang sandwich restaurant is one of the best sandwich places I've ever tried. I've had the pleasure of trying the Pork Belly Sandwich, The Tiger Shrimp, and the Catfish Sandwich. My favorite and many of my Friends' favorite is the Pork Belly. It is uniquely soft and basically melts in your mouth. It is a must try, if you haven't tried it then you haven't lived!
I had Num Pang for the first time today and it is definitely one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while!! If you work in the area it is a great spot to grab lunch to go (there is no seating).  I ordered the BBQ Brisket sandwich and it was absolutely delicious!  No complaints on the sandwich at all! I will comment on the pricing though... I feel that it's pretty expensive for what you're getting.  My meal total was $10.05 and all I got was a sandwich.  No drink, no sides, no chips, nothing.   Value: 2 stars Food: 4 stars Total: 3 stars
Chicken chimi and tiger shrimp sandwiches were both great & had total different flavors, unique ingredients for a sangwich, pissed i only went here once.  The bread they use is the best i can remember on a 'which, they need to sell it by the loaf, but its not as big as i'd like...Vietnam wins again!
Awesome little shop with many tasty treats. Would definitely recommend the pork belly sandwich. If you have room for something savory try the corn on the cob.
This review is only of the tofu banh mi. The banh mi, I think is one of my favorite kinds of sandwiches, it's sweet, tangy, spicy and has a balance of textures. Num pang does it right! You get in line and while it looks long, it moves fast; before you know it, you will be sitting in a random little park inhaling this tasty sandwich! The tofu banh mi I tried was fresh and really tasty. Definitely worth trying! (They have other locations as well!)
Not yo' mama's sandwiches...even if yo mama is Cambodian! Great, fast, Grab n' Go (no seats). I got the Five Spice braised pork belly. I think most Americans would love it; it's bursting with flavor and tastes like BBQ  (don't worry, the chili mayo is not spicy at all really). It's also a thick cut of soft, fatty pork, justifying the $9 price tag. The bread seemed all wheat, not the wheat/rice flour mix you get with traditional banh-mi, so not crusty and soft. Also, I found the flavors not very nuanced. The pickled vegetables should be more vinegary to cut through the overpowering flavor and to add a counterpoint. But admittedly, I'm a banh-mi snob. You'll most likely think I'm being too nit-picky. Enjoyed it!
had the chicken chimichurri special, which was very flavorful but a bit dry.  also had their ginger lemonade, which was way too sweet.  I will have to come back and try some standard sandwiches as those seem to be better reviewed.
You can never go wrong with a num pang sandwich. Sandwiches are warm and delightful .
Unique flavors and the peppered catfish was really very good.  I'll be back to try their other combinations. There was a small line even at 2:15pm but the kitchen moves the orders along quickly.
This place definitely gets packed at times, so expect a wait around prime meal hours, but the food is awesome. Pretty cheap and great sandwiches. The food selection here is definitely unqiue, and the vibe of the store goes great to match it. The coconut tiger shrimp sandwich is incredible, oh and everything else is good too. Sandwiches are a little on the small side, so definitely get one of the sides with it too.(grilled corn on the cob!)
These Cambodian SandWiches are the real deal!!! This numpang location here in midtown is a goldmine during lunch hours... There are times where the line is out the door even on cold days, I'm not going to lie I seen the line one time reach Lexington avenue... Love the spot but it's lacking of seating this spot is standing room only... My favorite sandwich here is the peppercorn catfish and to flush it down a nice cold boylan Black cherry soda omg!!!! I have had the whole menu of sandwiches even the limited edition sandwiches catfish is my top choice... Also the salads on the menu are all the same only difference is the choice of meat and the portion of the meat is the same as in the sandwiches and there to pricey, the grilled corn on the cob is good  but it's a mess.
Amazing sandwich! I had the classic pulled pork and it was a bit spicy, tangy, and sweet. Sooo good! The semolina bread makes all the difference. Think corn bread crossed with French baguette. Atmosphere: Grab and go or standing counter at Grand Central area location. Perfect for walking to lunch with a coworker or a quick bite while out in the city.
Interesting menu.  I've tried the porkbelly sandwich which was delicious. $8-10 for a sandwich is a little much tho
Boyfriend was craving sandwiches for dinner last night. Found this place via Yelp, 4.5 stars out of 410 reviews can't steer me wrong right? This place was empty on a weekday late afternoon which is great because it seems during lunch hours there's crazy long lines. I had the pork belly sandwich and Boyfriend had the pulled pork. They were both AWEEESOMEEE! Delicious! P.S. No seats, standing room only.
Substantial and creative Asian-ish sandwiches for under $10 in midtown. It's more than we deserve. Definitely pick up a short stack of napkins and a wet-nap because these sandwiches have very little structural integrity. During lunchtime, when everyone's packed into the waiting area clutching their order slips, I marvel at Num Pang's sandwich-making efficiency and wonder what their system is. I would like to find out and apply it to the book publishing industry.
Disclaimer:  I think being Vietnamese and having eaten the most orgasmic sandwiches for less than a buck in Vietnam, makes me a little snotty when it comes to asian sandwiches. I thought it was good, maybe a bit toooo flavorful and overwhelming.  Also pricey for what it is.  Definitely not the best I've ever had. (That's what she said).
Might have written a review for this place before, but had to update based on recently eating here.  I usually go here once a week, and have tried a number of their sandwiches, all have been great so far.  Today I had the Steak Sandwich however, and it was TERRIBLE.  It may have even been a leftoer order that someone didnt pick up bc it was ready within 3 seconds of my ordering.  The roll was a bit stale, but the WORST part was the steak.  OMG, it was SO CHEWY and TOUGH, it was inedible.  I chewed, and chewed, and chewed and chewed, and ended up spitting it out.  $10.60 was not worth a penny of it.  The steak was also VERY over spiced, to the point of disgusting.  It was SOOO salty and just covered with spices that it was way overpowering.  not sure how they screwed this up sooo bad bc typically everythign here is amazing.  STAY AWAY FROM THE STEAK SANDWICH.
I'm not much of a sandwich girl. Num Pang, though, is perfection. I literally have nothing to say bad about this place. Banh Mi is traditionally made with pork, but, because of a dietary restriction, I don't eat pork. Num Pang doesn't let that get in the way. They have so many other DELICIOUS options. I had the Coconut Tiger Shrimp sandwich and contemplated buying another sandwich after I had finished my one. I even considered ordering it the next day for lunch (they do delivery) but decided that it was slight overkill. There's not really seating. You kind of just stand at the counter and eat. I really suggest this place, and this is coming form a girl who doesn't even like sandwiches. P.S. If you're interested in the pork options, my friends really like the pork belly sandwich. They say it melts in their mouth. I can't vouch for it, but I trust their taste.
This place is flavorful!!! Yesterday I was walking around Midtoen starving, so I logged into Yelp for assistance. After reading several reviews I purchased the pulled pork and tiger shrimp sandwiches. Both sandwiches were savory and dripping with juicy goodness. My only complaint is that the tiger shrimp sandwich includes a peanut based sauce and it wasn't disclosed. I'll definitely go back, but next time I'll ask them to hold the peanuts.
OH MY GOD. A classmate recommended this place so we went after a Shakespeare lecture at the Library (life of an exciting grad student.)  She said that the pork belly sandwich here was amazing.  I had my doubts, but all that was wiped away after the first bite. First thing I thought was that this is was a bit expensive for a sandwich (close to $10.)  The sandwhich though was nothing short of amazing.  All the elements of the sandwich work together to make an amazing party in your mouth.  It had pork belly, carrots, pear, cucumber, and a delicious sauce brought down from heaven. If you're close to Grand Central don't miss the opportunity to have the Pork Belly Sandwhich at Num Pang.
I had the five spiced pork belly sandwich and it was scrumptious. Go and eat here.
Five Spice Pork Belly. You have got to be kidding me. My taste buds are still delirious with the memory of ecstasy. The pear was a perfect counter-point to the savory marinated pork. The meat was so soft that it seemingly melted upon contact with my mouth. The bread was crunchy and substantial. $8 may have been a little much, but really, for such a gourmet sandwich, it was more than worth it.
First time at Num Pang and a first time review.  I figure I try getting on this thing and giving it a whirl. If you're a pork product fan, you must try the Pork Belly with Pickled Pear.  I was presently surprised when opening up my container and saw that the pork belly was a nice slab about 1/4-1/2 of an inch of succulent fat.  (I was anticipating thin slices). The combination of the sauce, vegetables, and the extra hot sauce was a great flavor on my taste buds. Grab one when you can.
I tried two sandwiches - the roasted cauliflower and the tofu. Both come on delicious rolls with lots of shredded carrot and cilantro and cucumber and "soy milk" mayo and sriracha and I don't know what else. It's a teeny bit sloppy but the perfect amount to help the bread slide right down. $7.50 isn't bad. Or am I just getting used to midtown prices? The side of roasted veggies was very nice, with some lemongrass on them. Skip the fruit salad, though. It's tiny and not very fresh. I felt healthy after eating this, despite the white bread. Go for the cauliflower!
My gold standard for restaurants: "could I make it at home?" Num Pang, I won't even try! Their gloriously delectable sandwiches taste like they've been simmering and seasoning for hours, with spices whose names I can't pronounce. Delicious. And super fast for takeout.
I gotta say, this places serves up some damn tasty sandwiches.  Pretty much they're the hip-hop version of your good old banh mi in a certain light.   If you know what's best for you, you gotta go pork (pork belly, pulled pork, either one).  Each bite oozes a flavor blast, and the last mouthful is a bittersweet experience, the only solace I can muster is knowing that Num Pang will still be there in the morning. Their creations will cost you a bit more than your standard banh mi joint, but then again, do those places pack the same kind of heat as Num Pang?!  I don't just think so, I know so.
The tastiest and best sandwiches I had in my life, as another reviewer said, if this was near my house, I would be a very very fat woman! Fresh quality ingredients, all natural, a Cambodian delicacy. I recommend getting the Pulled Pork sandwich, the belly sandwich is to die but had it just once due to its fat content. My fiancee recommends the shrimp one, he says it is very light and yummy (I'll try this one next time). On a side note: No substitutions, they don't take out any of the original ingredients. They all include: Cucumber, carrots, and a spicy mayo (shrimp sandwich includes shaved coconut). These sandwiches are an experience!
We still dream about these sandwiches. A year after visiting NYC and when we reminisce about our trip this is the first thing we think of.  The sandwiches were so amazing. The bread was fantastic. The corn on the corn was drool worthy. I'm drooling while I write this post. yum!!!
Love it .... Omg I have been here 3 times and I will def visit again. My only problem is the seating place and old looking environment. But the sandwich is AWESOME....
This joint has the best cambodian sandwiches ever! The long lines do move fast though. It is worth it. Roasted cauliflower/eggplant  bah mi and the Spanish mackerel with leeks sandwich, is also delicious. Yum!
What can I say?  These are perhaps the best sandwiches I have ever had.  I will return to this place again and again.  The size of these deliciously constructed sandwiches may seem a bit small but trust me you will be completely satisfied.   I am an absolute fan of the pork belly.  You seriously cant go wrong.  The veal meatballs also were pretty damn tasty!   A must if you are near either location!
Update for num pang midtown east: Just had another sandwich and have been noticing the quality declining.... The sandwiches I've gotten over the past few months seemed smaller somehow but I didn't mind because it seemed like it was just the bread that got smaller, not the fillings. BUT today I just had the steak sandwich and there was a HUGE piece of fat and gristle in it. When an inedible piece of something is in my $10, six-inch sandwich AND takes up about 1/4 of the meat in it..... there's a problem. I won't be coming back here anytime soon if the quality of the food they serve is consistently poor. It's a shame because I used to be in love with this place and eat here once a week.
So this totally looks like a hole in the wall, but I had the Tofu Sandwich and the pickled Watermelon and OH EM GEE!!! Some of the most wonderful food I have ever eaten. I guess it goes to show you shouldn't judge a book by its cover!  The food at Num Pang is incredibly delicious!
I just had the Roasted Chicken "Chimi" sandwich. I can die happy now. Seriously. It's a block away from my office I've been at for 6 months and now I reevaluating every decision I've ever made. Don't be fool. Drop what you're doing and GO NOW.
First, those who know me know I rarely pay more than 6 bucks for a meal. This was one exception. Given, I took off one star for the slightly high price of 8 dollars since I wasn't full. BUT , it was honestly the best 8 dollar's I have spent on food in a while. I got lucky and came when it was empty, but if your going during the lunch rush, good luck. My coworker still hasen't tried it b/c every time he goes there is a line around the block(according to him) I had the 5 spice pork(least that's what I remember the name to be) and it was sooooo good. The smell was great and killing me the whole walk back to work. The taste was great. Soft and full of flavor. Next is that catfish burger. I am definatly returning after payday!
Num Pang is located in the busy Grand Central Station area of Midtown, not exactly known for specialty Asian eats. Upon my first visit, I was just hoping for a good sandwich. What made for the unknown was the fact that they are a Cambodian sandwich shop. I'm still not sure what this is and how it is differentiated from the famous banh mi sandwiches of Vietnam. What I did experience was a decent sandwich about 8 to 9 inches in length with tasty fillings. I decided to go directly to the sandwich that yelled "Cambodian" to my ears, and that was the Grilled Khmer Sausage sandwich. The sausage itself was lemon-grassy with mild aromatics. The meat was ground well to a pasty-like consistency, which I had tasted similarly with northern Thai sausages. The mouth feel was also a bit earthy, which I liked.  The sausage was served on a baguette that was pleasantly crusty, but a bit too hard on the part that is split on top. I also tasted a flavored mayo with some sweet, vinegary, shredded veggies that were laid out on the top and bottom of the meat. All in all, it was a tasty and delicious sandwich. My only minor complaint was that the sandwich seemed lukewarm. I was hoping for a sandwich that was a little warmer, but maybe I felt that way because of the freezing cold weather.  On one last note, most sandwiches range from $7.50 to $8.50. The friendly folks here also provide free water and cups, a big thumbs up. Despite being in an area dominated by office building, the nice youngish vibe of Num Pang is a great alternative the most of the traditional eats in the neighborhood. I would go again to try their other sandwiches and sides.
Awesome!
I was starving, it was a holiday, there's nothing to eat in the area other than Pret and Europa Cafe, and I was feeling under the weather [great combination, I know]. I decided to Yelp locations near me and lo and behold I found Num Pang. A little skeptical, I checked out their menu and decided that I really wanted the Winter Vegetable Soup [$5.25 for the large]. Since delivery minimum is $10, I also got the Grilled Seasonal Vegetables [$6]. The girl on the phone was very knowledgeable and clearly explained that even though I was out of their delivery zone [by an avenue!] they'd charge an extra 20%, pretty much the equivalent of the tip. My total, with the 20% delivery charge, came out to about $14. Delivery was quite speedy. My soup was still hot and was very flavorful. I would definitely recommend it. It had a bit of kick to it, but not overpowering. My vegetables, because I let them sit a while [and is no reflection on Num Pang], were on the cold side, but were SO SO good. My only complaint was that they sat in a pool of oil at the bottom of the container, rather than what was suppose to be a lemon vinaigrette. I'd try this place again and go for one of the sandwiches that everyone seems to rave about.
I love this place. If you want a delicious sandwich, this is the place to go. I love the  roasted chicken chimi, coconut tiger shrimp sandwich, Grilled corn on the cob and roasted seasonal vegetables.
I love this place! It's on the top of my list for potential dinner locations every time I'm in Union Square. The seating upstairs is sparse but cool, and one side overlooks the street while the other looks into the adjacent garage. The pork belly sandwich was delicious and fatty and the typical Viet sandwich complements paired nicely with it. The bun was also not as hard as the baguettes that I'm used to, which was a relief for me. I also recently had the Hoisin meatballs, which was nothing extremely special. The meatballs were delicious and tender and left my mouth tingling after I had finished my sandwich. These sandwiches are very messy to eat as juice is dripping constantly, but they make it a little easier with their little boxes and trays. Great for a quick dinner or to bring with you back to Union Square Park.
Finally made it down here after all the hype. I got the pork belly sandwich with pickled Asian pear and the usual fixings. The sandwich itself wasn't that exciting but I liked the pairing of sweet and savory. It was $8 and it was incredibly small. Bahn mi is usually like, HALF a baguette. This thing was the length of my hand. I appreciate that America needs to scale down on portion sizes (this was actually the perfect size), but don't charge me $8 for it, please.
If you're in the area around Grand Central and you want something filling and satisfying for lunch, look no further.  Our party of 8 got in line around 12:15 PM behind about 20 other people, and every one of us ordered the Five Spice Pork Belly sandwich. Although the lines are long and the shop inside is crowded with people waiting for their take away orders, they move pretty fast, it was probably about a 5 minute wait or so before the first half of our party got their orders.  Sadly for me and one other colleague, they must have ran out of their pork belly batches, because we had to wait another 15 minutes to get ours from the next batch.  The meat was moist and flavorful; they have sauces out the front as well but it's totally not needed.  For $9.25, some may feel that the servings are a tad small for what you pay (compared to other sandwich shops), but for me, the silence that reigned whilst we all devoured our lunches spoke the most eloquently. Definitely going to come back!
I came here for lunch today based on yelp reviews. I got the chicken sandwich, and it was pretty good! The cashier said it wasn't spicy but it actually was after a while, so that was lame. I noticed afterward that the board said that all sandwiches come with "chili mayo" so that was probably the culprit. Still pretty good though, maybe because I was really hungry. This place has a really unusual selection of sandwiches and drinks (root beer, cream soda, coconut water, blood orange lemonade, etc.) and I would definitely come back just to try some other sandwiches. A little pricey, but if you like spicy and/or unusual food I'd go for it! Oh, and the sandwich was very messy, though that doesn't bother me.
After reading the reviews on this place and being in the neighborhood, I knew I needed to stop by! Thank you fellow Yelpers! I order the Pork Belly and my bf got the seasonal bluefish (with leeks) sandwich. The belly was tender and the bread was soft. I was hesitant about the bluefish because it's an oily fish, but it was grilled to deliciousness and very moist. Yes, similar to the other reviews, $8 may seem like a lot for this sandwich, but it's located in the middle of Midtown and you would pay $8 anywhere else in this location for a standard sandwich! The corn on the cob is a must try! It's topped with butter, coconut, and lime and was unlike anything I've tasted. The real question is, how did they get such fresh corn in the middle of winter?!
Firstly there are very, very few places that I give 4 stars (this deserves a good 3.4 stars). This place rightly deserves it, I have been eating here for quite some time and it has yet to fail me everytime. Being a vegetarian you really cannot get a half decent veg sandwich anywhere, sometime they just throw some garden green with some dressing and call it a veg sandwich. The Num Pang sandwich shop has 2 veg sandwiches a cauliflower and another spicy tofu, there are both very good well above average. The Cauliflower is always cooked al dante so that it does not get mushy. I deduct half a star as they flavour is not top notch and they can do better with some quality flavour ingredients like lemmon grace, ginger, roasted garlic etc. The hot sauce is top notch not the watered down sauce for wannabe's, Yes is far from the deal deal that I have eaten in Phnom Phen/ Siam reap when I was in Cambodia however for under 10$ in mindtown I will take it any day. Lines can be long I always go after 1:30 PM and mostly there is only 1 or 2 people in line as you get closer to 2:00 PM or later. The soups are also nice, different flavour compared to the lousy hale and harty that is beyond redemption.
Sometimes I get a crazy craving for their catfish sandwich.  Their bread is amazing and everything works so well.  Unfortunately this place is always pretty busy and they don't do order customization.  I can understand how that is an annoying request, but I unfortunately cannot eat carrots (which come on top of their sandwiches).  I can pick them off after but it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth that they won't just leave them off.  Whatever.  It's still a pretty good sandwich.
If you eat pork, the pork belly sandwich is the best I've had here... Everything else is okay... The bread is key to a magnificient sandwich and this is where they lose me as it is too hard and crusty. Potbelly is better in my opinion (same price point). Try it out though ... Enjoy
Came here from rave reviews on yelp and friends.   Had the Pulled Duroc Pork sandwich.  It was topped with a whole lot of pickled carrots.  My favorite!  BUT maybe we came on an off day.  They seemed busy with a big catering order.  The pork wasn't seasoned enough and was on the dry side.
Pork Belly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pulled pork sandwich was excellent although pricey for the amount of sandwich you are given ($9)
I've been a fan of Num Pang since the time they only had that tiny shop near Union Square. Now they're even opening a store in Chelsea Market. This is my first time at the midtown spot. Same awesomely delicious sandwiches but I do believe they've raised their prices by a couple dollars. Soon, it won't be a cheap lunch option anymore.
Fast, good sandwiches!! No place to sit in the grand central branch so plan on taking the food with you.
Times like this I'm glad I'm based in London now because if I was fully based in NY I'd be here maybe every other day.  How can a sandwich taste so good? I had the pork belly and it was so tender and full of flavor.  I definitely need to come back and try the others.
The way they made my pork belly sandwich was very sloppy compared to other pork belly sandwich pictures.   My pork meat was non-existent and my vegetables in the sandwich was almost non-existent. For $9 this sandwich was very disappointing. I had a much better experience at the 12 street place.  I go there regular to get the pork belly sandwich.
I was in Manhattan and found this place via Yelp.  I followed most review's advice and went with the five spice pork belly sandwich and a blood orange lemonade.  It's very much like a banh mi, and is very good.  The sweetness of the orangeade complements the savoryness of the sandwich, but it is a bit thick and you're going to want a glass of water when you're done.  They get crowded around lunch, which is a real testament to how good this place is, but they really know how to turn-over orders quickly.  I'm definitely going back next time I'm in NYC.
Even some ppl might think it's hyped, this place does offer amazing sandwiches. We had the pork belly one and the ginger bbq brisket one, both were so delicious. I loved the environment and the cashier girl was pretty cute. The orange juicy (not sure if that's what everyone was talking about, got it from the freezer), was yum too. I went to cambodia a few years ago and the flavor of the food definitely made me nostalgic about it.
I've been here a few times over the past months and have tried a number of their sandwiches: the pork belly, mahi mahi with leeks, and the hoisin meatballs. The hoisin meatball sandwich was my favorite by far! Very tangy and unique while still having undertones of traditional meatball sandwiches. The meat was very moist and tasty. The pork belly was quite delicious too. I did NOT like the mahi mahi with leeks... it tasted very bland and didn't really have any standout flavors. I also got the blood orange lemonade based on reviews I read on Yelp. In my opinion, it was overly sweet. Will definitely be coming again to try other sandwiches, especially with the seasonal specials they have!
I'm usually the one who picks new restaurants on Yelp, but today my BF took the initiative to pick out our next lunch stop. This is so rare that I was extremely curious as to why he had decided upon this sandwich shop. I thought to myself "What could be so great about a bahn mi sandwich? I've had bahn mi sandwiches. They're okay." Well let me tell you folks, after biting into the 5-spice pork belly sandwich at Num Pang, I'm not even sure if I can ever look at a regular bahn mi the same way again. It's like dating a 3 all your life because you don't know any better and then realizing that you are very much deserving of a 10. You almost feel like a schmuck for not eating it sooner! Doh! (Slaps forehead) What makes this bahn mi so amazing is the thick slice of juicy pork belly which practically melts in your mouth upon contact. My only criticism is that I wish the bun wasn't so thick. It gets in the way of my pork belly! The sauce, the julienne daikon, the slices of pickled carrot underneath were pure heaven. I wasn't even hungry when we walked into Num Pang and I annihilated that bahn mi! Well hot damn, I do declare that I should make my BF pick the restaurants more often! Yelp 365 Challenge: #267/365 (The Bad Ass Bahn Mi)
Num Pang, why must you toy with my emotions so! I heard excellent reviews from this place ever since they opened up a Midtown location. After the disappointing letdown of the fishcake from the Biang Dang foodtruck (I LOVE food trucks, and really wanted to love their zagat-rated foot but just coudln't ) I finally went for the first time yesterday to try Num Pang's catfish sandwich. And WOW. It was amazing. The veggies were delicious, I loved the mayo, and the catfish was SO fresh! I thought this was the answer to my midtown lunch prayers! I was so excited about this place that I decided to go back the very next day to have it again. This time I got the pork belly, and when I first bit into it I was so happy with all the delicious flavor. However, shortly after I realized that my sandwich was dripping oil. Ew. Within a few minutes, a sizeable pool had formed at the bottom of my plate. I tried not to be grossed out or think about how many calories I was inevitably taking in, but by the end of the meal I could hardly finish it because it was soo oily. And the worst part is that I had to sit through the rest of my afternoon at my desk feeling like crap. Should I only stick to their fish or veggie options? Maybe its just the pork belly thats a bad idea, but if their other sandwiches are this heavy on the oil, I may have to pass it up and return to Crisp or other alternatives that don't leave me wanting to take a 2 hour nap in the middle of the day. Num Pang, please don't let me down!
This is one sandwich shop that knows how to do things right. At first I was a bit alarmed at the long line, but I saw that it was moving quickly. I was ordering within two minutes. It's a small shop with no place to sit in the inside, only a counter along the wall for you to stand and eat. Most people choose to take their sandwiches elsewhere. What's brilliant about their design, is that you stand in line to order OUTSIDE at their window. This may be a pain when it's really hot (or raining, maybe they let people in then, I don't know). After you order, then you go in to pick up your sandwich. This means that the inside isn't crowded with people and there's a long twisting line that you need to fight with inside the shop. The sandwich making is super fast too. I ordered and I barely stepped in (indeed I hadn't even gotten a chance to put my wallet back in my purse) when they called out my order number. A freshly made grilled peach sandwich was already waiting for me at the counter. Yes, grilled peach sandwich. Of all the possible fillings that one could imagine, I never would dreamed of peach, but when I about this in Time Out and Serious Eats, I knew I had to get one before the summer ended. Num Pang is the less famous cousin of the Vietnam's bahn mi. Every sandwich is garnished with spicy mayo, thin slices of cucumber, shredded carrots, and cilantro on a warm crusty toasted roll. At Num Pang, they have a draconian policy of no changes, no substitutions, no additions, nada. You need to order the sandwich as is. In part, they know how they want to feed you the sandwich. The other thing is that it makes the sandwich making process a lot faster as they don't need to think about "Oh, what do I need to take out/add in/etc. for this sandwich?" As for my grilled peach sandwich, it was delectable. Two thick juicy slices and bacon were tucked into a a toasted roll with all the fixings. The sandwich was exactly the right size. Big enough to satisfy your hunger, but not so big that you can't eat it all in one sitting. And the price was right ($7.50). I thought they should have added more bacon or used a thicker smokier cut of bacon for the sandwich, because one thin little piece was lost on its own with the peaches and everything else. The bites were more of the bacon overlapped had a right balance of sweet and salty, soft and crispy from the peach and bacon. I also got a blood orange lemonade. The lemonade was a bright orangey pink color from the blood orange juice. I found the drink too watered down and couldn't really taste the blood oranges. I would skip this drink in favor of something else next time. Num Pang serves novel, inventive, and fresh take on the traditional Cambodian sandwiches. They have several different kinds (classics that are always on the menu and seasonal, which rotate in and out of the season). All looked amazingly good. Num Pang makes me wish that I worked Midtown (or downtown, they have another location on 12th st). Num Pang means nom, nom, nom.
I've slowly been trying the many sandwiches here.  I've yet to find one that I dislike.  Food is good, fast, GREAT drink selection, and excellent throwback hip hop. Truth be told some of the sandwiches are a bit greasy for me (for me, perhaps not for you!), so I only eat here when I know there is a trip to the gym planned. UPDATE: Dear Num Pang, if you plan to cease delivery before your closing hours, please post them on your website.  Also $50 minimum for pickup?  That's absurd.  I've lived in NY 12 years and have never heard of anything like it.
The 5 spice pork belly sandwich is hands down one of the most delicious things I have ever put into my mouth, and I've put a lot of things in this pie hole including...actually I probably shouldn't go there.  So as I was saying, this freak of a sandwich is absofuckinglutely amazing if not the second coming of Christ in the form of bahn mi ciabatta pork awesomeness! Confused?  Yeah me too!  Try to imagine the best bahn mi you've ever had, throw in 2 thick slices of perfectly braised pork belly, some pickled Asian pears, and a delicious chewy on the inside, crunchy on the outside hybrid ciabatta baguette roll, and you've got yourself one of the greatest sandwiches ever made. Shit is legit!!! I was also able to try their fried peppercorn catfish sandwich was quite delicious but not as amazing as the pork belly.  Same basic bahn mi set up with a different protein and delicious soy sauce mayo to bring things together.  Definitely recommended if you're a pescetarian or if just like fish sandwiches! Didn't get to try the grilled corn or market pickles but there's always next time.  Either way if you're looking for a great Asian inspired sandwich there is no better place in NYC than Num Pang! APPROVED X 10!!!
This is, by far, my favorite midtown quick lunch spot.  I meet my boyfriend all the time, pick up food and go around the corner to sit and enjoy.  I have never been disappointed with any of my orders, however I like some more than others. I have been going down the list of sandwiches and salads and my faves are the skirt steak, pork belly and coconut tiger shrimp.  The shrimp is lightly dusted with toasted coconut, so it is not overwhelmingly sweet, but still has a little crunch. If you like a lighter meal, get the shrimp salad.  The light vinaigrette and oil pairs well with the coconut shrimp and is a great way of trying Num Pang while cutting some calories. Other sandwiches I have tried are the pulled pork, BBQ brisket, spanish mackerel and veal meatballs.  The pulled pork and brisket did not make my top choices because I am a huge traditional BBQ person.  The meats were delicious and tender, just not my personal favorite.   As for all the reviews that say the sandwich is too small, I think it is enough for an average person that doesn't want to be disgustingly full back at the office.  If you don't mind spending some extra money on sides, the fruit salad is really good and refreshing as well.
Everyday at around 11:45, the lines outside Num Pang haphazardly file east to 3rd. The secret is out and it took some hip, urban Cambodians to bring some excitement to Midtown East lunch. Of course, for those kids in the know (hipsters/NYU kids), Num Pang is nothing special and I applaud you for being ahead of the curve. Num Pang has been on my radar, but I just assumed it was another above average Asian sandwich shop. Unfortunately, we all know the old idiom on assumptions. "When you assume, you make an ass out of you and me." Num Pang is not simply above average, it is revolutionary in the world of Asian sandwiches. It's the cool kid every girl had a crush on in high school. The one that doesn't have to be obnoxious just to be funny. He just chills in the back, slouched in his chair. He doesn't walk through a crowded corridor, he glides through them. The guy you and every other guy knew had swag. And this brick and mortar between Lex and 3rd perfectly exudes that. You walk in at any given time and you can hear classic east coast rap like Nas and the Wu with workers rocking Jordans or Nikes. However, unlike that cool kid, where you just had no clue what made him so damn cool. I know Num Pang's secret. It's the MEATS. Take your standard Asian sandwich, i.e. the banh mi with vietnamese ham, terine, spam, and pork pate and throw it out the window. Replace it with your choice of Ginger BBQ Brisket, Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly or Grilled Spanish Mackerel with Leek and you have on "evolutionary" sandwich. Add one of the best made baguettes (warm, crispy and buttery), with standard daikon and cilantro and there, ladies and gentlemen, is your next step in Asian sandwiches - the Num Pang - Cambodian for sandwich.
Amazing sandwiches!! The pork belly is to DIEE for! I've heard great things about the other sandwiches too (catfish, coconut shrimp, hoisin meatball)... but i'm SO hooked on the pork belly sandwich that I cannot stray from it. I get it every single time... lest it may be my last time at Num Pang! Great place! Do not miss it!
5 Spice Pork Belly sandwich, that's all. NOW GO! And you bet I'll be back in summer in hopes to try the Grilled Peach and Bacon. Trust.
Before I even start, let me say this is one of my favorite foods I have consumed in New York City. Num Pang is a Cambodian sandwich shop with multiple locations that takes the typical Banh Mi sandwich and adds their own twist. I tried out the Pulled Duroc Pork and the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwiches. First, the Pulled Duroc Pork was delightful. The pork was soft and flavorful and the honey gave it a slight sweetness. Combine that with the coolness of the cucumber spears, the slight tinge of the pickled carrots, and the strength of the cilantro and you have a wild combination of flavors. There sandwiches also come with some chili mayo, which is just enough moisture to keep the sandwich from being too dry without being an overpowering flavor. The baguettes are homemade every day and tie it all together. You cannot go wrong with this sandwich and it is known as one of their specialties. However, and I may be biased as a huge fan of pork belly, I thought the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwich was even better if that is possible. The pork belly is spiced perfectly, tender, and packed with unbelievable flavor that is both fatty and meaty. I literally struggle to find the words to describe the pork belly adequately. It makes your mouth water. The only thing I can compare it to in the city is the pork belly of Bao Haus, another one of my favorite places. It is obviously not the healthiest choice on the menu, but if you are going for pure flavor, I suggest the pork belly as the way to go. A crispy outside with a succulent inside, it is simply a pleasure to consume. A couple other notes about Num Pang: First, if you are like me and enjoy some heat to your meals, throw some sriracha on the top piece of bread so it mixes in with the chili mayo. You will not regret this choice. Also, at least at the 41st street location, there is only a small counter for standing and eating. This place is better for take out in my opinion unless you are just looking for a quick bite with one other person. As far as portions go, the sizes are small, but they are plenty filling. We are so tainted by the idea of quantity in America with the Subway foot-long garbage that we forget about quality. These sandwiches don't skimp on the meat and are more than enough for lunch, and even enough for a small dinner. They are even a reasonable price at about 7-9 dollars per sandwich. Finally, there is just one other random thing to mention. Years back I was in Israel and in the desert at Masada there was a stand selling watermelon juice. It was probably the most refreshing drink I have consumed in my life. A watermelon blended and chilled into a big, drinkable glass. Since then, I have searched around the world (quite literally, having tried similar drinks in Hong Kong this past summer) and have not found a comparable experience. Num Pang offers the closest I have found. It isn't fresh, which is unfortunate, but it still has the natural, pulpy watermelon taste. If you decide the 3-4 dollars for a drink is worth it, and it may not be, just let it chill over ice when they serve it to you to truly understand the full benefits. All in all, this place is outstanding, and I am sure every one of their sandwiches is equally delightful.
Num Pang, you had me at hello. Your Cambodian sandwiches are the new black. Bahn Mi what? Vietnamese is so 2008. Subway who? I'll pay more for a smaller, yet flavorful sub. The only bad part is that I devour the sandwich faster than it takes me to wait on line and order one. The size for grown man is like an teaser... maybe like a 3 bite amuse bouche. Also no indoor seating. So take your lunch back to the office or find seating outside and eavesdrop on what happened on last night's episode of Gossip Girl or some not-so-great-match-dot-com-date. Someone could argue that they are expensive, considering the portion size. These cries fall on my deaf ears. I'll happily pay you on Tuesday for a Num Pang today. If these guys can deconstruct the McDonald's McRib... someone help me. IFHTP 3+
All sandwitches especially The catfish is to die for!!!  But i suspect even though they look healthy the bread is very fattening so dont get fooled.
This sandwich shop serves Cambodian sandwiches and not Vietnamese.  I didn't do my research before going the first time. Steps for eating a Num Pang sandwich: 1-Don't be deterred by the long line, it moves quickly, so pick a sandwich from their selection.  Also pick a backup, just in case they're sold out of the one you want! 2-Do not customize your sandwich.  They don't care if you're allergic, pick it out of your sandwich if you don't like greens. 3-While waiting in line inside for sandwich, pickup sriracha sauce, plenty of napkins (you will need them), and a wet nap. 4-Rush to find seating somewhere. 5-Place napkins across lap and on front of shirt.   6-Open sandwich, pour sriracha on and reassemble.   7-Bite into sandwich and don't put it down to rest.  Or you'll be in for a real mess on your hands.   8-Dip into the chili mayo sauce that drips into the container.  Continue eating until sandwich is finished. 9-Wash hands and repeat process daily, ordering a different sandwich every day. This place is freakin awesome, they put the perfect amount of cilantro and accoutrements into the sandwiches.  It makes for a delectable sandwich.  The different sandwiches and specials have complex fillings and proteins. The first time I tried a Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwich for $7.75.  The next time I wanted their Ginger BBQ Brisket sandwich and sadly they were sold out.  This is why I recommend picking up a backup sandwich.  Instead I had their Grilled Khmer Sausage (Brooklyn Bangers).  Another pork sandwich.  oink oink!  I've never scarfed down a pork sandwich so quickly (I'm a slow eater normally). Also these sandwiches are only about 6" long on their freshly toasted semolina flour baguette.  They aren't huge but the perfect portion size for a sandwich.  yelp.com/biz_photos/cxtg… For you guys who are custom to the giant 12" subway sandwiches, you may want to get a side.  I don't recommend the Grilled Corn on the Cob (Chili Mayo, Coconut Flakes, Chili Powder).  Sure it was grilled to perfection but it wasn't marinated.  The mayo, coconut flakes, and chili was on one side of the corn.  The toppings weren't evenly dispersed, so it just tasted like plain grilled corn.  Kind of bland and expensive for plain tasting corn at $2.50. I'm tempted to try their Grilled Zucchini & Summer Squash but at $6, it's a risk.  A sandwich and drink will cost you about $10.   PS - I saw a sign for "Delivery coming soon"  Oh blessed ye on rainy days for I won't have to wait outside in line!
The pork belly sandwich is worthy of the Yelp hype and seemingly a bargain for $8.50. The array of flavors and textures is a welcome reprieve from what passes for a "sandwich" at most establishments. This is a solid lunch offering for less than $10.
Phenomenal Bahn mi. I got the 5 spice pork belly as suggested by the reviewers. Melt in your mouth orgasm. The only thing that i can be critical about was the price for the portion, but it's NY, so I can't really complain. Stellar sandwich. Prob top 5 last meals before I die.
It seems to me that I'm always craving Vietnamese sandwiches and Banh Mi Saigon on Broome St is always too far away! A quick search on Yelp led me to Cambodian sandwich shop Num Pang in Midtown. While it's not quite a banh mi, I figured a Cambodian-style sandwich would have to do. After reading of the extremely long lines at Num Pang, I decided that a cold, rainy day would be the perfect day to check it out. Judging from the two eager but friendly employees at the take-out window, I could tell that Num Pang is a well-oiled machine when it comes to quick and efficient service. You order, pay and pick up your order when your number is called. The shop is small but brightly lit; eat-in options are limited to a standing-room only counter along one side of shop. The decor is minimal but there is a brightly colored mural featuring the Num Pang name above the counter. I took the recommendation of the person taking my order and ordered the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly Sandwich w/ pickled Asian pear. Each sandwich is neatly packaged in a small take-out container which can serve as its own plate-- a must to catch all the yummy juices that drip from the sandwich while eating! Num Pang's sandwiches are a bit small and I admit I wasn't really expecting to be wowed but after one bite, I was never happier to be proven wrong! In recent years, pork belly has become the cupcake of the savory world and has popped up on menus all over the place. Unfortunately, it is not always well-executed. Happily, the pork belly at Num Pang does not fall into that category. The tender meat has a delicious, slightly smoky flavor that is enhanced by a mild sweetness and caramelization. The five-spice seasoning in the glaze is very subtle so don't worry if you're not a big fan of this sometimes overpowering spice. The sweet and tangy slices of pickled Asian pear paired perfectly with the pork belly and I found myself wishing I could buy the pickled Asian pear by the jarful. If someone knows where I can get some, please let me know! The sandwich is also topped with shredded pickled carrots, thin slices of cucumber, cilantro and a tangy mayo-based sauce. Add some crusty bread and you have yourself a nearly perfect sandwich! 4 stars because I've only had one sandwich.. But you can bet I'll be going back to try some of their other sandwiches!
When I first moved to New York, I assumed that every sandwich shop had a loyalty card system. With so many hundreds (possibly thousands) of them, how else could they possibly encourage repeat business? I suppose you can just do what Num Pang does, which is deliver amazing sandwiches in an area that otherwise lacks reliable lunch options. Yes, the sandwiches are somewhat expensive. Yes, the drinks are too. (They're also not worth it from a taste standpoint.) Yes the lines are annoying at almost any hour. Does it matter? Not if you like having a lunch that doesn't suck. Of the sandwiches I've had, all of them have been at least good, if not great. In order of best to not the best but who am I kidding I'd eat you again: Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly - Pork and pear? I'm sold. Really; shut up and give me my sandwich. Though the pork belly slices could be a bit thicker, that's a minor quibble in the face of an otherwise amazing sandwich. Five spice is present without being overbearing, and the pickling of the pear is subtly different from the standard pickling of the carrots. Whatever the slight difference is, it works. Roasted Chicken Chimi - The chili yogurt makes this. Normally, I find roast chicken sandwiches to be boring and dry, but this sandwich is the exact opposite. Tangy, spicy, and oddly hearty for chicken, it's a solid backup for when you aren't in the mood for pork. Which should be never, but I won't judge you. Oven Roasted Turkey - Does Num Pang have some secret pact with Satan that allows them to consistently have juicy poultry? Unreal. And I know what you're thinking. Of course the white guy picked the turkey sandwich at a Cambodian sandwich shop. Well, I'm not (totally) white, assholes. The spiced cranberry chutney is also somehow not trite. That pretty much settles that Lucifer is afoot. Grilled Khmer Sausage - Though it's hard to see the name of this sandwich and not think of the Khmer Rouge, that is possibly its only flaw. The sausages are surprisingly complex, and the simplicity of the Asian slaw brings out said complexities even further. In a way, it's for the best that there are no seats. You're going to want to break into a sprint (a brisk trot at the least) once you leave, in order to find a secluded corner to shamelessly, ravenously devour whatever you order.
This is supposed to be one of the best sandwich places in the city. While I understand the hype, I don't think it was the best sandwich I had ever had. I found the sandwiches to be on the small side for the price. I'll definitely go back to try more of their sandwiches though. Perhaps I'll find one on the menu that lives up to the hype for me.
Num Pang's Cambodian sammies taste just like Vietnamese sammies w/ the carrots/cilantro BUT with different meat options & 2X the price! at this location, you ORDER OUTSIDE (this won't be so appealing in the winter), then pick up inside! Sonya M. & I stayed in & w/ standing room only to eat on the counter tops! ----5 spiced pork belly sammie (seasonal menu item): this was good & (for the hungrier crowd) HEAVY w/ all the pork fat! ----coconut tiger shrimp: good but a little sweet for my taste, FIXED it right away with a splash of siracha hot sauce though!! the sammies were good but not $8+ good HOWEVER what i absolutely LOVED was the crusty Parisi bakery bread they use!! couldn't stop thinkin' bout it after the meal!
When my friend chose to come here for a quick dinner before our night of boozing, I learned three lessons about Num Pang. Lesson 1 - Standing room only...and that is limited.  Located in midtown, this place literally caters to the local businesses who have people come in, order, pick up, and eat at their desk.  Definitely not the place to order, and eat leisurely.  When we first arrived, it was semi-crowded without a place to stand and eat.  This fact alone had us looking for an alternative until we were lucky enough to score a spot at the counter and thus place our orders. Lesson 2 - Absolutely NO modifications will be made to the menu items, no modifications what so ever.  I love Banh Mi sandwiches without cilantro...because I facking hate cilantro.  I'm in the small population where cilantro is nauseating and can destroy every single meal.  It isn't enough to pick it out because the taste has already permeated into the dish.  I've left a bowl full of Pho before because they put in the cilantro and then took it out and it still ruined it for me.  I do not enjoy cilantro period...so my brow furrowed like never before when the cashier boy said no modifications.  "Oh but you can pick it out because they come in sprig."  I can live with that because the taste won't spread like in the Pho soup, but why stick to that policy and waste it when someone who loves cilantro can enjoy it?  Just like how I wouldn't mind ridding the world of Mosquitoes, I don't mind wasting cilantro either. Lesson 3 - Without the cilantro....ABSOLUTELY FACKING AWESOME!  The sandwich was so good I actually tried it with a small leaf of cilantro!...Yeah it was still gross, but the rest of the sandwich was two thumbs enthusiastically up.  I would easily look past the first two issues is how good this sandwich was for me.  Everyone else was glad we decided to stay (or maybe we were more glad we found a place to eat it).  This might be the highest praise I have ever given anything with cilantro (although I picked it out) or any place that doesn't allow modifications for all reasons (however I wonder what they would say if someone had a severe allergy to something).  I see myself coming here again outside of rush hour.
Num Pang gets rid of the hunger pang. The sandwich itself may not be huge, but Num Pang not only eases the hunger pang but it sweetly hits the spot on the taste buds.  I've tried both the pork belly and the shrimp sandwich and it's the shrimp that is a hands-down winnerfor me.  The shrimps are fresh, firm properly de-veined and not namby-pamby in size.  The bread that cradles it is buttered and grilled, so it tastes rich and satisfying. We tried to avoid the lunch crowd and ordered ahead but when we got there, they couldn't find our sammies and we had to suffer the wait, defeating the purpose of ordering ahead.  No aplogies from the staff, no smiles, no nothing.l  So, the sandwich I love, the service, not so much and it would have been a 3.  I needed a do-over.   I would have wanted better service but nothing comes between me and my sandwich, so I got over it and came back another day close to 5 p.m. when the place was deserted.  Num Pang the second time around was  much better. It took about five (5) minutes to prep the sammy and I had the place to myself.  The shrimps remain fresh and plump, as well as firm and delectable.  The buttered bun with some love from the grill gets some contrast from the jullienned carrots with its vinegary, sweetish taste.   Save for the buttered and grilled baguette and the difference in the filling, it feels similar to bahn mi.
I was suffering from a hangover Friday night and thank god this place was 1 block away from hotel. This is a no frills take out shop so don't expect sit down tables. I ordered the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly and completely devoured it and cured my suffering :) The bread was fresh and had a crunch but the pork belly was icing on the cake! You do taste that hint of Vietnamese flavor from pickled asian pear. It was delicious and wish Miami had something similar to this inexpensive but off the hook sandwich shop. Will come back again when I visit New York. Also try the Coconut Tiger Shrimp sandwich :)
Num Pang - WHAT'S YOUR SECRET!?!?! How can such a tiny, no seating, restaurant the size of an efficiency kitchen in a NYC luxury apartment be so friggin', mouth-watering good? Hell if I know! I wanted to order the Hoison Meatballs sandwich so bad but instead I opted for what I thought would be the "safer" bet, the Grilled Steak sandwich. Ain't nothing safe in uncommon - this was unlike any other steak sandwich I've ever had. It was robust with flavored spices and tender steak "served on a freshly toasted semolina flour baguette with Num Pang's signature chili mayo." I'm a fan - can't wait to go back for the Hoison Meatballs (still on my list). And don't forget to try the Grilled Corn on the Cob with all the toppings for a sweet and spicy treat. Final Note: Beware of visiting during lunch time. You might miss your 1pm meeting because of the 1,350 people on line ahead of you!
My cousin took me here for lunch since I remembered I was working sort of close to her, whooops. But on to the food, I got the pork belly sandwich and a blood orange lemonade I believe. The lemonade was tart and tasted real, big plus. The sandwich was phenomenal, a little small, but still packed a ton of flavor. Definitely recommend it!
It is probably for the best that Num Pang is a solid 5 avenues away from my office. Otherwise I would go every day for lunch. They make amazing sandwiches filled with the perfect amount of meat, savory sauces, and have crunchy bread. I love the coconut shrimp and the pork belly. I also love the grilled corn with the spicy mayo and coconut flakes. It's a great combo I would never have thought of. It can definitely get crowded around lunch, but the line moves quickly. Their prices are steep, but it is midtown and the flavors are great. I like getting a sandwich and a side. Two sandwiches are just a little too much for me, but I get hungry quickly if I just get one. They have great variety and I am excited for their noodle menu to debut soon too.
Wow I haven't had a review in a while but visiting this place has brought me back from hibernation. I was skeptical at first about how good this pork belly sandwich is but I went and had one and was amazed. If it wasn't like 95 degrees out I probably would've bought another. The only thing preventing me from giving it 5 stars is probably the price...if they come down a dollar or more I will come up 1 star! Deal?
I don't have trips to New York where I: (1) Expect to eat on the cheap (2) Get my Asian on Imagine my surprise when I did just that at Num Pang! The 5 spice pork belly sandwich (~$9) was pretty outstanding. I mean, how can you go wrong with pork belly, right? The 5 spice was not the prevalent flavor, rather the smoky char off the grill gave this sandwich everything I could have asked for: - smoky, fatty meat - sweet, crisp pear - creamy, spicy mayo spread It had it all going on. Like every sandwich place in midtown, the bread was excellent but I found it was a bit too much bread. Since I don't mind looking like a rabid Eastern European homeless woman, I went all out eating it open faced style. Just follow my trail of bread crumbs down from Union Station and get your own cheap Asian on!
Needs to work on consistency. Had the pulled pork sandwich for the first time earlier this week and it was amazing. Large portion of pork and very juicy. Today the same sandwich was extremely dry and half the size. Bread and condiments were fine both times. I'm willing to give it a third try but not for quite some time.
The buzz generated by the East Village location has been well documented, so the luxury of having a Num Pang within a few blocks of the office is quite a thrill. Long lines and small spaces are not a good combination, but patient foodies will have no problems with a 10-15 minute wait. While operations management needs to improve, the sandwiches are fantastic and well worth the wait. I have only had the Pulled Duroc Pork sandwch and a taste of the Roasted Cauliflower, but they only make me yearn to try the rest. The bread and the spicy honey own the sandwich. Instead of spending eight to ten dollars on a sandwich at Cosi or 'wichcraft, Num Pang is definitely the sandwich shop of choice!
I have visited the Union Square location of Num Pang quite a few times over the years. They have some delicious sandwiches. I particulary like the duroc pork sandwich which is the most similar to a traditional pork banh mi combining ground pork with a variety of pickled vegetables, cilantro and a house mayo. They use a wide variety of proteins in their other sandwiches like grilled mackerel and tiger shrimp. I was looking forward to trying some of the sandwiches at their recently opened midtown location. In addition to Num Pang's classic and special sandwiches available at their Union Square location, several new sandwiches were introduced and made exclusive to the new location. For today's quick bite I grabbed one of these sandwiches, the grilled peaches Num Pang ($7.50). Peaches as an ingredient is not particularly enticing to me but the fact that they are grilled and combined with bacon on a num pang sandwich made this sandwich an interesting choice. The sandwich was delicious. There is a unique combination of salty, sweet and spicy that comes when taking a bite. It is made with large slices of grilled peaches as its main "protein", then is topped with salty and crispy bacon, then a scattering of jalapenos and is finished with Num Pang's signature picked vegetables, cilantro and house mayo. Num Pang uses semolina flour baguettes for bread. These baguettes provide an excellent vessel to hold the variety of ingredients stuffed into the sandwich. The sandwich as a whole is a tour de force of flavor and texture. The sweetness of the grilled peaches were balanced out nicely by the salty bacon and house mayo. The grilled peaches were firm and there was plenty of crunch from the bacon and vegetables . One downside about Num Pang sandwiches is that they are not particularly big, they are only about 5 inches long. Thus, I decided to purchase a side as well. Num pang has a variety of sides available to go with their sandwiches. I purchased a small gazpacho ($3.50). I love a good cold soup but am wary that far too many cold soups taste one note. This gazpacho was not. It was very acidic but not overly so and the cucumber relish in the soup added some slightly muted sweet notes to try and balance things out. It was a decent gazpacho. Num Pang will only be serving the grilled peaches sandwich through the rest of August and then will be introducing a new sandwich for the fall season beginning in September. I highly recommend grabbing one before its gone especially if you want eat something different and delicious.
I've tried 5 different sandwiches at this place now, and I don't believe I'll ever get sick of it. Every time, the staff greets me with a smile, and every time, the sandwich is really wonderful. The bread is unbeatable, and although it may appear like a small sandwich in size, the filling is usually more than enough to satisfy your hunger. Even the shrimp sandwich or the hoisin meatball sandwich, which I thought had less than the usual amount of protein, were still delicious and enough to leave me very content with my meal. So far, I think the best sandwich I've had is the Khmer Sausage, which is a seasonal specialty. If you haven't tried it yet, you don't know what you're missing! Just a reminder: the store has a policy that doesn't allow any modifications to the sandwiches. If you have any food allergies, be sure to ask about the ingredients!
got the seasonal chicken sandwich. Really good! No sitdown, wait can be long, especially during lunch time. Order through the windows before entering the shop
One of my favorite lunch spots in the city and it's located only two blocks from my work.  There's usually always a line, especially on days when weather is nice but don't be deterred.  It moves fast. They have a great selection of sandwiches, snacks and drinks.  I personally have tried the skirt steak and the beef brisket sandwiches.  They also have really good grilled chicken salads.  I also often get their corn and watermelon waters.  Don't forget to pick up the sriracha sauce! Expect to spend up to $15 for your lunch.
5 stars for the food and 1 star for customer service.  Been three times.  First time great.  Second time I just made it in as they were closing an hour early.. no reason given.  Third time I arrived 15 minutes after opening time (published on the building) to find doors locked and staff waiving me off.  One staffer finally indicated "opening at one today."   I might have just hit this place on two "off" days but next time I'm calling before I walk over, if I go at all.
I'm originally from Long Beach, California -- AKA Cambodian Town USA, with their own "Little Phnom Penh" on East Anaheim Street, where there are a few authentic shops that sold these sandwiches.  I was ecstatic to find out that there was a "num pang" (it means "bread" in Khmer) shop on the East Coast, so it was on my "to try" list when I went up to the city. My friend and I both ordered the five-glazed spiced pork belly sandwiches, as well as the blood orange lemonade to drink.  The bread was toasted perfectly and there was a good combination of vegetables.  The sandwich tasted great by itself, but it was AMAZING after I added Sriracha.  The blood orange lemonade was a little bitter for my taste, but it was still good.  There isn't any seating, but there is a side bar where you can eat while standing up. Num Pang, I WILL definitely come back to visit and try your other sandwiches, as well as side dishes.  I'm in love.
I think Num Pang's popularity has more to do with the lack of competition in the general area more so than the sandwiches' delightful-ness. I used to work a block off of their Midtown location, and I found myself returning to Num Pang at least once a week because the restaurant offers a unique twist to the dull selection of food carts, salad bars, fast food chains, and "impress the client" restaurants that surround Grand Central Station. At around noon, there is an onslaught of people that make it out of their office spaces for lunch so just beware of Num Pang's peak lunch hours from around noon to 2PM, or you will have to deal with the incredibly long and slow-moving line. I am a vegetarian so I did not try the sandwiches most of the other Yelpers are raving about but I've tried their Roasted Cauliflower sandwich, Roasted Fig sandwich without the bacon, Grilled Corn side dish, and their spicy Pumpkin soup, which is only available at the Midtown location! The sandwiches were okay. They were okay in texture, taste, and appearance. I always ask them to skip the pickled carrots because they're a tad too vinegar-y for my liking and take away from the sandwich as a whole. The grilled corn was a bit better because they add coconut flakes - a tiny twist to the Mexican corn-on-the-cob. And last, but certainly not least, is their pumpkin soap. It's not at all bland but not too potent that you'd get sick of it after a few spoonfuls. I love the thick consistency of the soup, kind of like that of Cream of Broccoli. The pumpkin soup is more like a dessert than a pre-meal soup in my opinion but it is filling!
This is like banh mi, but better.  I like the flavors of banh mi, but  I rarely go for banh mi.  In thinking about why, I realized it's because the bread is usually hard and hurts my mouth as I'm trying to enjoy it.  The bread at Num Pang is amazing - it's crispy on the outside and nicely toasted, yet soft so that it's easy to sink your teeth into.  I love it.  It is as close to the perfect sandwich as I can imagine.   At this location I've tried the catfish, which was GREAT, and the veal meatballs, which was a delicious messy meatball sandwich.  I also got the watermelon juice but it didn't really taste fresh.   I tried the mackerel at the Union Square location and found it a little dry and disappointing compared to how great the catfish and veal meatballs were.  I'm coming back to try the pork, peaches, brisket... love the many options they have.  Excited that I finally discovered this place.
Great sandwiches but why can't I customize my sandwich? I hate pickles
If you work near Grand Central then you absolutely need to check this sandwich place out. The line can be pretty long during the lunch rush, so I recommend that you go around 1130/1145. It'll be well worth it, I promise. The bread here is just so perfect. Crispy crust, but soft steamy inside. Can't go wrong with the pulled duroc pork or the pork belly. They also have daily specials too, so check those out. Today I had a pork spare ribs sandwich... Nomnomnom. Num Pang is a fantastic lunch spot in midtown east. For about $9 a pop, this sure beats these sandwiches during the work week.
There is no better... The Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly sandwich was incredible.  I also had the corn on the cob, and it is quite surprising (mayo, chili, coconut) but quite good.  Highly recommended.
This is a no-frills location with a small standing bench to eat at inside the restaurant, however the sandwiches are amazing. The sandwiches are a bit on the pricey side for what you get, but they are deliciously spiced. We tried the 5-spice pork belly and the barbeque brisket. Both were succulent and had a nice balance of flavor. For those of you wondering what a cambodian sandwich is like, it was a lot like some cuban sandwiches I've had but with an asian twist. Bottom line, if you're in the neighborhood its worth stopping in for a quick bite.
If you want any sort of customer service - DO NOT GO HERE.  The staff is irresponsible the management could care less.  I ordered online and after not hearing back for over two hours I called and was told - sorry we misplaced your order.  They did nothing to address the issue and when I insisted they finally delivered the food three hours from the time of the order.  From what I have been told the in restaurant experience is equally chaotic.  No sandwich is worth this hassle.
After 5 days of glorious NYC stye eating out, Num Pang was my new #1 standout. Here's why: - Exceptional food - on a Parisi Bakery baguette (scrumptious), you can get any number of combinations -- I got the Roasted Chicken Chimi, one of their seasonal sandwiches - with picked apple, chili yogurt mayo, julienned carrots, cilantro, cucumber and the Red Lentil Soup. Plus a Blood Orange Lemonade. It was all phenomenal. - Amazing value - sandwiches are $7.50 and made to order with high-quality ingredients and well-sized - you will be satiated for hours - Line at 41st Street makes you scared and then relieved when you see that it moves at lightening speed - Efficient, friendly, organized staff If it sounds like I was paid to write this, I wasn't, but if anyone wants to buy me, I'm open to inquiries. Will blog for purses (or jewelry, really any high-end accessory, I'm not picky.) I anticipate eating here all winter albeit at the downtown location and if I have to wear spandex after eating these sandwiches so be it. (Next time they are getting 5 stars, just sayin'.)
First time trying out Num Pang. I can tell in the summer this place will be swamped like crazy. I tried the Peppercorn Catfish and it was friggin amazing. It could of used one more piece of catfish as the one I had was a little scrawny but it was marinated and seasoned perfectly and tasted wonderful on the fresh bread. I def need to come back again to try some of the other offerings and the lemonade.
See here: yelp.com/biz/num-pang-ne… Basically the same as my review for the Union Square location, except this one is slightly better for the fact that there are fewer hipsters and NYU students, but slightly worse for the fact that are no seats at all, with just some standing room to eat your way through sloppy yet delicious sandwiches.
Delicious sandwiches...Love the pulled pork.  The beef brisket can be a bit dry but otherwise, it's pretty good.  The portobello mushroom is a great choice as well.  I have yet to try the other sandwiches because it's so hard to choose from the ones you've tried and u know it's good and the ones you're unsure of but probably good...but not sure where it stands....the tough decision one makes on food...
I walked 16 blocks back n forth in what felt like 110 degree weather on Friday just to try Num Pang. And I was surely not disappointed! There was a long line, it was pricy, and it was really damn hot, but I toughed it out and ordered a watermelon juice & Ginger BBQ Brisket sandwich. The sandwich was a bit on the smaller side, but definitely a good amount of food.  The ginger flavour was very apparent in the sandwich paired with a very tender brisket.  The real winner in this show is the bread & toppings however. The watermelon juice was just alright, however it helped me survive the excruciating hot and hungry walk back. I'll be returning to try every sandwich, hopefully it's warmer though
I had 5-spice glazed pork belly. It's great and not that much for lunch. I'll try coconut tiger shrimp next time!
During lunch hour, there will be a line but it was a relatively fast moving line. I guess that's how it is during lunch in NY. There is no place to actually sit down and eat so that's just a heads up. I got the Pork Belly and it really just tastes like a Banh Mi Thit Nuong minus the homemade butter and the fluffy Vietnamese bread. I still loved it, the pork belly was juicy and the spicy mayo was delicious! Refreshing lunch but I'm sort of a messy eater so grab napkins just in case. I enjoyed Num Pang.
Num Pang is delicious!  See my review for the original Num Pang down in Greenwich Village .  This location is much bigger, but it is standing room only.  Also, I feel like the sandwiches here don't have as much filling as the original store, cause I end up with leftover empty bread, whereas the Union Square location, I have leftover meat?  Regardless, my two favs are the Grilled Skirt Steak and Mackerel and Leeks.  This place delivers!  If I lived or worked nearby I'd get this all the time!
Oh wow just wow. This tiny shop has the best pulled pork sandwiches ever.  So delicious and a lightness with the crunch of the salad they use. Coconut tiger shrimp sandwich is delicious and get the corn a little spicy for me personally but I get it every time!
I got the spicy tofu sandwich, and it was great. The perfect amount of kick, though I did add a ton of Sriracha. Bread had a delicious buttery garlic topping and the pickled carrots..TOO GOOD!
I would like to thank whomever thought it was a good idea to slaughter the pig for food. Without him (or her), it would never have been possible for me to enjoy my five-spice pork belly sandwich at Num Pang. Normally I don't write reviews immediately, nor at work. But this sandwich was probably the best sandwich I've ever had in my life and I just had to share this with you. Here's the break down. The bread-- crispy, yet soft and it didn't crumble apart. The fillings (pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro)-- not a lot of it, just enough to let the pork belly be the star. The pork belly--fantastic; very tender, very flavorful. All together, it created a divine experience for me. In fact, I was so at peace, I was no longer upset that my intern didn't get me the sandwich when she placed an order earlier in the day. The price may seem high, but when you compare it to other places for lunch where you're paying close to $8 anyway, this is totally worth it. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches on the menu.
Super small place.  The sandwiches are delicious and have nice heat and balance of ingredients.  My only qualm is I have a big appetite and need more than one sandwich to fill up!
Omg this place is really good!! At first I thought their sandwiches would be like banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich) but it was totally different! I ordered the Five-spice Glazed Pork Belly Sandwich and man, couldn't have ordered anything better. You get so much flavor in just one bite and their fresh baked bread? Simply amazing. This is like an Americanized Cambodian sandwich shop. Love it. Can't wait to have it again.. Tomorrow! :) Oh, if u like it spicy, drench it with some sriracha. That's what I did. Yummy! 4 star rating for the food -1 star because of the ambiance. But it's all good.
Pork Belly sandwich, A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  order a side of pickles and wash it down with the fresh watermelon juice and you're set!
If you were to tell me that Num Pang was opening a second location, this neighborhood might have been my last guess - but I'll gladly take a Num Pang location just a few blocks from me. This has always been one of my favorite sandwich spots in the city, and will now become one of my go-to lunch options. The peppercorn catfish sandwich I got today was just as good as it is at the other location, so I'm sold. I've loved every sandwich I've ever tried here (I've only had the catfish, veal meatballs, coconut shrimp, and mackerel - I'll be trying the rest now), great sides (go for the corn and fruit salad), delicious fresh made juices, and a hand picked soda selection that includes some of my favorites (Virgil's root beer, Boylan's cane cola, Ithaca ginger beer, more). Go there on the early or late side, or expect to wait. Unlike the Union Square location, they do accept credit cards here. Delivery will begin soon. BIG win for the Murray Hill food scene.
Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly and the Cambodian Slaw were both awesome. I can't wait to go back to try the Hoisin Meatballs
I must admit, I've become a huge fan of this place albeit I was hesitant to come back because of the price. But since the sandwiches are so delicious, fresh, and creative -- I can't resist. I love the concept and the ingredients for the various sandwiches. I don't know why they don't call it banh mi -- it's pretty much an upscale version of the Vietnamese sandwich. If the prices weren't so high for a sandwich, it'd probably get 5 stars. Pulled Duroc Pork - 4/5 Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly - 5/5 Ginger BBQ Brisket - 4/5 I highly, highly recommend the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly -- it's pretty amazing. Besides the flavorful ingredients, the bread is probably the best "banh-mi" bread I've ever had.
I don't usually review city chains but this place absolutely stands out. It's a tad expensive for every day lunch, but on an occasional occurrence it's perfect. Their pork belly and ginger brisket sandwiches really make it. Additionally it's a fun, quick moving atmosphere with hip hop bumping while you wait for your take out. Go get lunch here.
Amazing. I had the pork belly, and it was flavorful, juicy, and just a little spicy. Also the bread was crisp and fresh. It all went perfectly with the watermelon juice. It was so satisfying that I started to think why I was so surprised, and realized that in this area sandwiches tend to be boring and generic. So this is a bit of the village in the Grand Central area. I am sure they sell these as fast as they can make them during the week. I went on a Saturday so I got a great sandwich with zero wait time.
Delicious pork belly sandwich and watermelon tomato salad I would've recommend this to anyone in need of a quick delicious bite
I'm always looking for an interesting lunch place and stumbled in here based on the suggestion of a couple of co-workers. It's purely a takeout shop without any chairs or tables and barely any room to move when you're waiting for your food during the lunch rush. Despite that, the employees are nice enough and keep the line moving very quickly so don't be intimidated even if it stretches outside a bit. I ordered the Brisket sandwich and was incredibly impressed. It's on the upper end of what you'd expect to pay at a midtown sandwich place but certainly not unreasonable (about $9) and for that, you get very fresh vegetables on top, a nice fatty cut of brisket that melts in your mouth, and the perfect bread to go along, which is just crunchy enough to hold up to the juices from the sandwich on your walk back to wherever you end up eating. Now I'm just waiting until I can go back because that Pork Belly sandwich was calling my name.
Love the Union Square location, so tried this one when I was in the area today. My sandwich was scrumptious and was ready in about 30 seconds. This location is bigger than the US location and there is outdoor seating around the corner. Loved it. Excellent food, excellent employees.
What sandwich have I not tried yet.. and I'm not a sandwich fan. Love this place and found it on Yelp.  The midtown location doesn't have any seating, the NYU location has some seating upstairs -- but you need to like eating inside a parking garage (at least it makes for an interesting view). Coconut Tiger Shrimp (3 stars) - dried shrimp inside a sandwich with pickled carrots provides a nice balance. Grilled Skirt Steak (4 stars) - very filling sandwich and the beef is tasty! Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly (4 stars) - I was expecting more fat than meat.  To my surprise it was an equal balance with just enough glaze to make it juicy, but not soggy. Ginger Barbecue Brisket (2.5 stars) - I guess I just like my BBQ southern style.  The ginger wasn't doing it for me. Grilled Portobello (3 stars) - so much mushroom!!  This is not a wimpy veggie sandwich. Bacon & Fig (4 stars) - my favorite. Thick slabs of bacon with grilled fig and picked veggies. I haven't seen it on the menu in a while, please bring it back! Grilled Corn on the Cob (3 stars) - this is hit or miss. You need to like mayo to enjoy this dish. Blood orange lemonade (3 stars) - very bitter... perfect to wash down your sandwich.  Ask for the simple syrup, you need it.
Nummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Pang yummy yummy yummy in my tummy! I'm not a huge sandwich fan, but the menu intrigued me. I had the skirt steak sandwich. WOW. It was an actual steak. A steak on bread. Helloooooooooo amazing! The flavors were amazing and complimented each other in such an incredible way. I wished I had 2, not because I wasn't satisfied, but because I was greedy and didn't want to stop eating it. I went back the next day and had the ribs. They only gave me 3, but they were the best ribs of my life. I was so impressed with them that I actually forced my friend to try one because I wanted to share the experience. He agreed that they were, in fact, the BEST ribs. I went back for dinner that night and had another skirt steak sandwich :) I must try the pork belly next.
I have a fear of sandwich places. It's not a fear of having a bad one.  It's not a fear of getting sick from one. It's a fear of not eating enough. That's usually the case with mediocre sandwiches.  You get chips and flavored soda to wash down the mediocrity so that hopefully you aren't still hungry. At Num Pang, you may not have tables to sit at or get your sandwich in foot long size (unless you order 2), but what you do get is an carefully crafted art that's almost above being called a sandwich.  I'm first and foremost talking about the pork belly sandwich that's tender and packed with flavor.  The spicy carrots and other spices give it that nice kick to remind you that this is Cambodian food that you are eating. Mad Respect Bro. The catfish is also a great sandwich, but a bit too explosive with the spices.  Catfish for me just needs a bit of salt and some Old Bay, so could be my taste buds but a good sandwich all around if you know what to expect.   If you want a side or two, I recommend getting a rain hoodie from the bus tour company and enjoying the corn on the cob. It comes with a chili mayo sauce and toasted coconut flakes, and there will be a mess. Every time. Thank you Num Pang for ridding me of my fear of sandwich places.
How has this place existed so close to my office without my knowledge?!  A friend who also works in the area introduced me to Num Pang this week.  On her recommendation, I ordered the short ribs sandwich and a side of corn on the cob.  Holy incredibleness, what an amazing lunch.  The short ribs were cooked to falling apart perfection, the bread was perfectly soft and delicious, and I absolutely loved the sauce on the sandwich (the same sauce, I believe, that goes on the corn as well).  Unless you are looking to quickly bulk up, I wouldn't recommend this place as a regular stop, but I'll be happy to indulge in some Cambodian sandwich goodness every now and then.
Num Pang should be called NOM Pang. So delicious. I just enjoyed a delicious meatball sandwich. I was so happy when I was eating it and now so sad that it is over. The sandwich was on a delicious, fresh and squishy (in a good way) bun, with spicy mayo, cliantro, cucumbers with yummy savory meatballs. I will be back for you, sandwich...
Okay so I have to update my review. Yes I still think the sandwiches are a little on the small side but I have joined my co-workers for lunch here a couple of times in the last couple of weeks and there is no denying these sandwiches are incredibily good. The glazed pork belly makes my mouth water thinking about it. So I am giving credit where credit is due. These sandwiches are out of this world. I just wish the sandwiches were a little bigger but that is a testament to the sandwich in itself. I don't want to stop eating it!
Very delicious Viet/Cambodian sandwiches. The cashier gal recommended the pork belly and boy was she right. It was a happy symphony of yummy goodness in my mouth. The meat was savory and juicy and the staple cucumber/carrots were crunchy and fresh giving the 'wich a wonderful texture. It gets a little messy but they take care of you with wet wipes. Highly recommended lunch joint. Great price, friendly staff and hip decor earns full marks!
Maybe it's not a Vietnamese sandwich, but you'd hardly know it. Same basic ingredients, though the bread here will not tear your mouth apart and leave you to wonder "Why, God? Why?" The pork belly is indeed delicious, not too fatty, a good bit of meat. Don't get me wrong, there's fat there, but it's not like some places that give you only fat. It's a little on the pricier side for this kind of sandwich, but the ingredients are quality stuff. Play it safe and split it with someone. You'll thank yourself later (maybe).
I got pork belly, I got pork belly, I got pork belly hey hey hey hey! I'm sure that they've got other great things on the menu here, but the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwich is delicioso! Magnifico! The pork belly is tender and moist, not at all on the chewy side and brilliantly spiced. The cucumber, carrots and chili mayo provide a great fresh, cool contrast to the pork. This sandwich is so amazing that you will not even mind standing to eat it! Also, it is very filling, so maybe plan on saving half for a midnight snack. I also got the Blood Orange Lemonade, which my pal Bridget accurately described as giving the sensation of eating a Warhead. This was uber sweet/bitter. I couldn't drink half of it. Just stick with the sammies and free water. This location is kind of a pain to get to, but I am not really a fan/wanderer of the East Side...so that's probably why. It is right near Grand Central. I think that next time, I'll try to visit the downtown location. Service is nice, pretty speedy. Remember these six words when you go there: pork belly pork BELLY PORK BELLY!
Wanted something new to try so I decided to take a trip to Num Pang. The place is a bit small and there is no seating (there is a counter where you can eat standing up), but it looks nice. Staff is nice and laid back. Also found it interesting that they had a sign asking for no modifications to the sandwiches... Its for good reason. I ordered the peppercorn catfish sandwich and everything on it came together so well. The baugette was warm and toasty, the cucumber was fresh and crisp, the carrot was sweet, and the fish was flaky and oh so good. Loved it. The only thing I could say I didn't like was that the piece of fish was a bit on the small side for the price (8.25), but really I can't complain much. Also had a blood orange lemonade which was a bit tart and not too sweet just the way I like it. Definitely plan on coming back and trying some of the other sandwiches.
Sorry, not a fan. This place seems to try way too hard to be everything to everyone, therefore the food tastes like random Asian fusion. The beef sandwich was probably the best out of the bunch, though it tasted more like a mediocre banh mi than anything else. The chicken and rice soup was ok, as was the salad with shrimp, but they didn't taste like anything you couldn't get somewhere else--the flavors were neither interesting nor bold. Worst of all was the side of roasted veggies, which was swimming in a tasteless green oil. I guess I'd stop by in a pinch, but definitely wouldn't wait in line for this place.
I'e been wanting to try this place ever since I saw it on Unique Eats and was excited to come across this location in Midtown East one day. The sandwich is on the small side, but the bold, unique flavors more than make up for it.  We got the five-spice glazed pork belly with pickled Asian pear and the tiger shrimp with toasted coconut flakes.  Both were amazing!  The pork belly was really tender and the crispiness of the Asian pear paired really nicely with it, with the aoili mayo and a dash of Sriracha sauce, it was scrumptious!  The coconut tiger shrimp was cooked perfectly and really sweet.  So good! We also got the grilled corn on the cob  with chili mayo, coconut flakes, chili powder.   I wasn't that big of a fan of the coconut flakes.  I scraped most of it of the corn. I'll be back to try some more!
Pork belly sandwich is to die for. Great price, great quality, fast service. Highly recommend lunch spot!
Their sandwiches are good, but not as wonderful as everyone claims.
I had no idea that Cambodians also had a similiar sandwich like the Vietnamese do, and why wouldn't they since the southeast asian cuisine use similiar ingredients. Came at around 12pm and there was a line, but it moved rather quickly. You order and pay first then wait for your number to be called. Probably from stepping in to getting my order, took less than 10 minutes. Love the prepackaged Sriracha that they have ready on the counter for the taking. When I went back to the office, I thought the sandwich was rather small and wouldn't fill me up but I was wrong. It was the right amount of food for lunch. The pork belly was really good and flavorful. I also bought a watermelon juice which was good but still had some bitter taste of the seeds. I will come back to try their other sandwiches.
the one liner: a sandwich shop with personality pros: unique combinations in sandwiches, all tasty, and designed for an interesting taste experience. cons: there is one door clearly marked exit and one marked entrance. i was exiting through the exit right when some customers mistook that for the entrance and wanted to walk in through that. tip: if it's your first time going, take a moment to peruse the menu beforehand since they are not typical choices of beef/chicken/pastrami/etc. i tend to imagine each item before making a decisions, so for example it took time to weight the tastes of the bacon & peach, and apple & chicken, and the classic sliced pork belly. one more thing, enter on the left side.
Mmmmmmmm Num Pang A few coworkers hyped this place up so I had to go. They get jammed during lunch time prime time so I took my talents there around 11:45am prior to the rush. Some interesting and delicious tasting options on the menu. I went with the pulled pork sandwich for $9.25. Loved the pork, the sweet and fresh bun, as well as the nice kick the sandwich had. A bit on the small side for me but I will be back again to try something else or maybe re-up on this sandwich.
Fantastico! Great place for lunch indeed, and a nice stray from the typical mid-town soup, salad, sandwich lunch.  Line is kind of a mob scene so I go after 1:30pm for 2nd lunch. I got the catfish the first time, excellent overall.  Fish was tender and flavorful, and all the veggies are fresh. The coconut shrimp I just had was awesome.  Not the deep fried coconut shrimp we are all used to.  Its a so fresh and so clean version, with lightly cooked shrimp with an amazing coconut sauce. Only downfall, bread was pretty stale on my second trip. Only tip, put sriracha on everything. (That's kind of a tip for life)
I ordered the pulled duroc pork. Pleased with the quick service and decent price. When I got the sandwich, I was disappointed by how small it wad, but they pack so much meat and veggies in there that its actually pretty filling. Indoor seating is a plus too
amazing sandwich spot, different in a good way. I stopped in here randomly after an interview near Grand Central and it was pretty busy inside with people waiting for their sandwiches. But dont let that stop you, the food comes out pretty quickly and the food would be worth the wait anyways. Friendly employees too, they helped me decide on the pulled pork sandwich. Theres not a lot of places stand and eat in the place so I just took it to some steps and pigged out. The flavor was tasty and the sauces were dripping out of it. Made it a juicy sandwich, kind of messy but that is the best kind of sandwich. Topped myself off with the blood orange lemonade. Pretty different too, nice tartness to it. I want to try some other things here but it has been a standout sandwich place for me thus far in the month I have lived in NYC
Had both the pork belly and turkey sandwiches.  Both sandwiches were incredibly tasty. The pork belly was delicious. Turkey sandwich was not dry and had a very slight kick to it. The portions were just right, and the meal was good value for money. The place doesn't have seating, but you can bring your food to the Dining Concourse at Grand Central if you want to sit down and eat.
This is my favorite sandwich shop in NYC. Really busy during lunchtime though, but besides that, it's a great place. My favorites are the Khmer sausage, veal meatball and catfish.
I had my first Cambodian sandwich at Num Pang. A Cambodian sandwich is a choice of meat with chili, mayo, cilantro, pickled carrots, and a fresh cucumber on a baguette. I ordered the spicy pork belly sandwich and a hot and sour chicken and rice soup. Both were amazing! As I write this review in California two months later, my mouth is still watering thinking about this food, and I'm eager to return at the next opportunity!
Best sandwiches that I've ever had. But really bothers me to pay $9.25 for just a sandwich, no sides included. The sandwich is normal size, and if I get just the sandwich for lunch, I'm definitely hungry again by mid-afternoon. Truly phenomenal sandwiches.
normally we would give this place four stars. unfortunately the last time we went there they were out of everything - they could only make one salad, and had no cole slaw or pickles. the food is great when they have it. service was rude.
Fantastic find!! Delicious sandwiches! Highly recommended! I got the pulled pork and couldn't be happier :)
Num Pang is my new favorite sandwich shop! I have had the pulled duroc pork sandwich which was amazing. It taste delicious! It comes with cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro and chili mayo. You dont get to sit down at this location but no matter how hungry or tired you are you will enjoy the sandwich nonetheless, that is how good it is!
So i went back after my first great experience in order to try the pork belly which they were out of the first time i went.  The sandwich was awesome.  The pork belly was really delicious and tender.  I got the grilled corn on the cob again, but was disappointed this time, which is the reason i had to take a star off.  The first time i had the corn there were barely any coconut flakes on it, which was great for me since i hate coconut.  This time around the whole this was covered in the flakes, and i couldnt separate the chili mayo from the flakes, so i basically just ate plain grilled corn.  It would be great it i was able to order it without the coconut, but they have a retarded policy where you cannot modify anything.  I Guess im not getting a side with my sandwich anymore.  But the sandwiches are too good so i'll keep coming back.
Not sure if this is a Cambodian place or viet. I got the 5 spice pork sandwich for $8.50 if was really good and juicy! Flavor was just about right not too salty or sweet. I did take out and by the time I got home it was still warm. I don't think there are any seats there if I remember correctly. Def coming back to try other ones. Blood orange lemonade is good as well. Comes in a bottle. A little on the sour side. But then again I like sour stuff so it goes perfectly for me! The whole wait time was less than 5 mins from ordering to getting my food. Def a go to place if u r short on time and want a quick bite! I would come back to try other things.
As usual, super quick pickup. Did not wait longer than a few minutes. Had the peppercorn catfish and coconut tiger shrimp sandwiches today for lunch. I remember how hungry I was last time when I had only one sandwich, so I settled for two this time around. The catfish was pretty good, bread was harder than I'd like. The shrimp was cold, and I can taste a hint of the coconut. Of all the times I been here, the Five Spiced Glazed Pork Belly is still my favorite. Note: There are no seats here!
Num Pang is an awesome sandwich shop. These Cambodian sandwiches are small but so delicious and filling. I've had the steak and the tiger shrimp sandwiches and both are to die for and they stand out among the typical deli sandwiches. Definitely the best around. I have yet to try their corn though. It's my go-to lunch place. You can't really customize but I don't care, they are great as is. Only downside is the lack of seating of course but it's not really a problem to get your food to go and take it to eat it in bryant park. I take all my friends here. Try it!!!
Close too work makes it convent to drop into at lunch time - just be aware that there maybe line - but what place worth visiting doesn't have that? Hoisin meatball sandwich is my usual here -but fair warning they won't customize your order so if your like me (and the better pelleted people of the world!) and don't like cilantro - you'll have to pick it off yourself Have had their specialty drinks are great on a hot day - but can be pricey, at least for those each if their cents, for lunch.
Eh. I don't see what all the fuss is about. The place is 10 degrees in the winter. 105 in the summer. The sandwiches are small and are not worth $9-$10 a pop. They charge a premium for the hipster environment I guess. The food is ok. Not great. Just ok. The service is bad. The few times I've been there something is wrong with the register or person operating it. And they have a loyalty card. They advertise it next to the register but to obtain one, you need to ask the cashier who needs to find a manager to take an ordinary business card and stamp it. Takes a few minutes and kills a star in my opinion.
Great mid-town addition from a great union square sandwich spot. This new branch just opened, seemingly to great demand already. The line had at least 20 people in it (inside and out of restaurant), but don't be scared- it moves fast. I was in and out in ~5-7 min. The sandwiches speak for themselves. Fresh ingredients, innovative combinations, new flavors, and seasonal options make for a delicious lunch option. This is exactly what mid-town needed, thank you for coming! I had the seasonal pork belly sandwich with glazed pear, cucumber, carrots, and a delicious sauce. Let's be honest, you can't really go wrong with pork belly, and the sandwich did not disappoint. I had to take one star off because the sandwich was a little oily (yes I know it's pork belly, but even taken into consideration it was a little too much). After I go through more of the menu, I may revise rating up/down
Pork belly! As if you already didn't know; the pork belly sandwich here is revolutionary! It will change you. For the better!! The rest of the sandwiches I'm not too sure about.. Only because every time I go to Num Pang, I find it impossible not to order the Pork Belly sandwich.
Went to Num Pang for lunch and ordered the Pulled Duroc Pork & a refreshing Green Jasmine Iced Tea. At first bite, I am hooked! I scarfed down the entire sandwich in 3 minutes.. The bread is crispy on the outside with a soft and chewy inside; the fresh carrot, cilantro, and cucumber toppings adds a contrasting but welcoming fresh flavor; and the spicy honey adds the perfect kick to make this mouthwatering sandwich a must order for those who are a fan of pulled pork. I will most definitely be back for this sandwich and to try the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly Sandwich and the Grilled Corn on the Cob.
I've been here a handful of times, and even ordered delivery from them for when my group works late in the office. The food is always flavorful, delicious and downright awesome. I am in L-O-V-E with the pulled pork. I am NOT a fan of mayo, and I will eat globs of this mayoo if it's on this sandwich. The people here are so cool and I love the rap music they play without giving a fuxx. I gave them an extra star because of their awesome service. They screwed up our order once (they couldn't find the building) and we ended up waiting 2 hours before we decided to just go home and then ended up crediting us $100 for our next meal. Really great people, really great food. One downside is that they get a line out the door at lunch time..but I think that just speaks to how great their food is.
Best ginger brisket sandwich ever. In my whole life. I'll never want brisket anywhere else. With every bite you get a balanced taste of the best ginger slaw and a tangy sauce with brisket on a well toasted bun. That is all you need to know. Go today, find the time, grab a brisket sandwich.
Had the pulled Duroc pork sandwich - really great.  Didn't see pork belly on the menu at the time, but I can tell that the pork belly sandwich would be amazing.  At around $8 a sandwich, it is a bit pricey for the size of the sandwich, but should be enough to eat for most people (considering how rich the sandwich is).   I like the fruit juices here, which range from watermelon juice to daily specials.  All very fresh and refreshing - I would recommend it.
Num Pang may serve the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Filling, fresh, stuffed with high-quality ingredients. I especially recommend the Spanish mackerel or the salt-and-pepper Japanese yam, but I've never had anything that wasn't satisfying.
What I've Had: Ginger BarbQ Brisket & Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly Sandwiches Would I go back: Yes this is one of my favorite sandwich shops Story: My first visit to this place was about 3 years ago before I lived in the city and as me and a friend were walking around east village area I had read and seen good things via cooking channel regarding this place so I made us come here. Total hole and the wall with a small seating area upstairs. But probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. Meat is perfectly marinated and cooked and the combination of flavors in this Cambodian style sandwich is just really superb. I love this place - im so glad they've expanded beyond that 1 location :) Also i've found that across the different locations the consistency of the food is pretty similar
I love these sandwiches.. pork belly or the chicken or the specials that they have from time to time.. OMG, the grease comes out when you take a byte of this small but fulfilling sandwich, cooked in a factory style place. no customization allowed adds to the speedy service. when you go, please,  read the menu, you must have a backup sandwich in case they run out of the specials. The sandwiches are made on a toasted roll that i really like, cucumber slices and some grilled fruit slice inside to add to the crunchiness. Carrots, cilantro and spicy mayo and you can get a side of siriachi hot sauce to go. Im definelty a fan. The lines move quickly so don't be discouraged by them. PS: if the sandwich came with a side, then i think the place will always be packed.
Damn good Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwich that actually is not Vietnamese at all and is actually Cambodian and called a Num Pang, I believe.  Had the cauliflower sandwich and wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was. Awesome and Messy.  Get extra napkins and you are all set. Would love to have had another but I was so full. Lentil soup was awesome too. This place is a must try in union square. Especially if you are in a hurry and on a budget. I think I will go get another, actually.
Coconut tiger shrimp !!! The shrimp is not the typical rubbery, sitting under a window-over cooked messes you're used to when ordering saucy Asian fare so that's a MONUMENTAL plus. I love that each little sandwich bite has fresh crispy veggie and a spicy little kick. Great snackworthy mini-meal to hold you over before dinner or drinks. Sweet, spicy, fresh seafoody bliss. If you're in the mood for a fresh little baguette stuffed with goodness, these dainty little love bites hit the spot.
Over the course of these past few years, a number of individuals have tried their hardest to start up awesome sandwich shops that give you 'out-of-this-world' Bánh Mì's or to find a way to throw some Asian flavors in Louisiana's Po' Boy.  Num Pang (the cambodian term for Bread or Sandwich) has found a way to out-shine all of these! All Sandwiches Are Served With Cucumber, Pickled Carrots, Cilantro And Chili Mayo On Bread Baked By Parisi Bakery. Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly with Pickled Asian Pear [$7.50] -- What a perfectly delicious sandwich.  The bread is baked and toasted to perfection!  The inside of each of the halves is amazing, pillowy soft, bringing a great balance of texture to the sandwich.  The cucumbers also add a nice crunch to the sandwich, while being partnered with the pickled carrots that ultimately bring a nice zesty flavor.  Last but not least, the Pork Belly is EXQUISITE -- glazed with an intriguing combination of five spices.  They definitely were not skimping on the amount of pork belly in this sandwich either!  The perfect bite... every time! Grilled Skirt Steak with Crushed Coriander and Peppercorn [$8.75] -- If you're a meat lover, this is the first sandwich you should get at Num Pang!  The skirt steak is seasoned to perfection. You can taste the love in the first few bites and really keeps you asking for more.  The contrast between the flavor of the steak and the spicy mayo is indescribable.  The spices are strong, adding an eastern twist to a skirt steak -- not your average salt and pepper -- but trust me, it's delicious. Update:  Good news!  After having Num Pang over 10 times after recommending the chain to coworkers and friends, I must say that they are totally able to reproduce the same quality sandwich at both of their New York City locations.
Ohh my god so friggin delicious.  I've had the pork belly and the catfish.  Both are divine.  So cleverly constructed.  The asian pear in the pork belly sandwich is the perfect touch.   Line is really annoying but comes with the territory, I suppose.
The coconut tiger shrimp sandwich is the best sandwich I've ever eaten. Also, their corn with the coconut is out of this world, as is their lemon gingeraide. This place is a gem. It's my favorite place to get lunch in the area. The prices are steep ($10.50 for the sandwich), but the quality makes it more than worth it. Also good to keep in mind, there isn't anywhere to sit and eat, but it's perfect for grabbing and going back to the office. Staff is always kind and courteous, and they try to keep people moving as quick as they possibly can. It gets hectic during the lunch hour, but what place around here doesn't?
I forgot what I ordered, but it was pretty tasty! The place was small, but cozy. Service was quick.
Go to Num Pang. Order the pork belly sandwich and the corn on the cob. Eat. Enjoy. The end.
Decent, tasty sandwich. I ordered the shrimp. But really, a sandwich on a plain white roll with spicy sauce and a few shrimp - totally $11.45 including tax. A bit steep for what you get.
Excellent sandwiches here. They are small in size, but the quality of the ingredients and the taste makes it worth it. The line is outdoors, and you order from a little takeout window, so it can look imposing, but it moves pretty fast. And if it's a nice day outside, it's really not that bad. Then you wait for them to call your number so you can pick up your order. The first time, I got the pulled pork sandwich and one of the blood-orange lemonades. Pulled pork sandwich was super tasty and decently filling compared to the size (you get a lot of meat). Yes, it is a bit messy so eat it over the takeout container. Lemonade was a bit tart, but they have simple syrup available if you wish to add additional sweetener. Overall I really enjoyed it. The second time, I got the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich. The mayo used in the sandwich was the perfect complement to the shrimp. All of the sandwich options look inviting and I definitely intend to go back and try the veal meatball as well as the pork belly!
The taste was okay.It was salty and oily. I might not want to go back again.
In NYC on business, we ordered lunch at Num Pang three days in a row.  I can recommend the Pulled Duroc Pork sandwich and the Roasted Chicken Chimi sandwich.  You will eat the entire sandwich, including every bit of the wonderful bun.  The highlight is their grilled skirt steak salad.  Be sure to add their housemade red hot sauce.  Their Lemon Gingerade is pure nectar of the gods.
Stopped by here on a whim as it was right by the Cort Theater.  Got the peppercorn catfish salad, grilled corn on the cob, and sweet mango juice (expensive for a small $3.95 bottle).  The menu clearly said no mods or substitutions on anything, but I just had to try to ask to get the dreaded cilantro off my salad.  Answer was no, as expected.  Fair enough, I resigned myself to picking them off, which was not ideal, but no biggie, since the policy is clear.  I ate the salad with some trepidation.  Is catfish supposed to be chewy?  Only time will tell.  Was also a bit salty for my taste.  Grilled corn was messy (don't like coconut flakes on it, but again, no mods-policy) and gets all over your chin, so grab a counter seat against the wall if you're shy about food all over your face.  I'd maybe come back when eating meat again and would probably try a sandwich, as I think their bread is specially house-baked, but I'm not a fan of the food as-is rule.
Ehhhh, it was OK. Nothing to go crazy about. It's a small sandwich and I'm a man. Too much buck and no enough bang. On to the next one.
Had the five spice pork belly, it was delicious,  can't wait to go back and try some of the other sandwiches they offer...they look and taste fresh.
Second time around is even better! GET THE PULLED PORK SANDWICH! The most flavor full and juicy pork I've ever had! They're fresh cilantro and crisp cucumber and carrots makes this sandwich that much better. I don't know what sauce they put on their bread but it's to die for. It's more a sweet and savory mix which I love. Don't forget about the siracha sauce on that sammy! This place is really small but I guess that's the whole part of the experience. I would make a day trip just to come eat here and yes ITS THAT SERIOUS!
The sandwich are good, but not that good as I expect after I read all those review. Be aware that the size of the sandwich is a little bit smaller for big guy.
They take credit cards, finally!!!!! Maybe they always have, but just not at the union square location? Either way, annoying no more. My recommendations: -Duroc Pork -Catfish if you're feeling adventurous -Cauliflower I had the Caluiflower as I was trying to do meatlesss mondays. It was pretty solid, bread had it's usual nice chewiness combined with , cucumber, pickled carrots, and roasted cauliflowers. It was delish. Take note: I did slather all of this in sriaracha so that could've colored my experience. Other things to try: their corn. It's like a play on traditional mexican elote (in fact, it might just actually be traditional mexican street corn). Pro Tip - if you download their app you can pay with the app and you get $3 (or maybe it's $5) off your first purchase.
DE-FREAKING-LICIOUS so amazing i dont know what to do with myself.   for the moment i am pescatarian and ive tried every fish/veggie sandwich and i still cant get enough!!   literally, i can order from this place everyday and not get sick of it, its just that good.  everything just compliments everything else so well.   the bread is from parisi bakery and it is to DIE FOR (im literally planning a trip to parisi bakery just for the bread).  and i dont know how they make their soy mayo but its so creamy and flavorful! if you havent tried a num pang sandwich yet, GO THERE IMMEDIATELY. ps.  if youre not afraid to get a little messy, i also highly recommend their grilled corn.  its maddeningly amazing :D
I had a super yummy BBQ Brisket sandwich here. All the flavors were amazing, my only complaint..the bread was a little too hard & crusty for my liking. I will definitely be back to try the pork belly..somehow I didn't see it on the menu until after I ordered! There was a line out the door when we arrived, but they are super efficient and the line moved super quick. We were in and out with our sandwiches in less than 10 mins.
This place is so amazing. Today I ordered the coconut shrimp sandwich, the tofu sandwich, and the corn on the cob. This place just knows how to put flavors together and the bread is just so delicious and soft and crusty all at the same time. The corn on the cob was the most interesting thing we ate. It was charred corn on the cob with a creamy spicy sauce on top along with coconut flakes that really brought out the sweetness in the spice. I would highly recommend this place and will definitely be back next time I am in New York.
Ordered the pork belly sandwich & blood orange lemonade.They give you a generous amount of belly and pickled carrots but where is the daikon? I think they could've given less mayo as it made it sickeningly rich especially with the greasy pork. The bread is too small which made it really messy to eat. I like my bread crusty on the outside & soft & airy on the inside. This one was too dense.They really need more sour in their roll to cut through the salty richness of the meat & sauce. I think a garlic chilli vinegar sauce will give it a good balance. Either that or less mayo and more pickled carrots. The other reviews say that the blood orange lemonade is too bitter. I didn't find it bitter at all but it was so sour I only drank a quarter of it before throwing it out. They seriously need to replace this drink with Pok Pok's tamarind vinegar soda. That drink is the best & would go perfectly with a toned down version of this num pang/banh mi!
In what most consider the foodie capital of the world, it's hard not to be pickier when rating restaurants-- what may be 3.5 stars in NYC may very well be an 5 anywhere else. But this little unassuming gem quite honestly earns every bit of the five NYC stars I gave it. I had the roasted cauliflower sandwich which has an exquisite eggplant spread that literally makes my mouth water thinking about it. If you're in NY, you have to try this place!
The five spice glazed pork belly sandwich was great-- super tender pork marinated in delicious sauce on a refreshing bed of cucumber, carrots, and cilantro. My friend loves their catfish sandwich and gets it every time (but she also doesn't eat pork), and the blood orange lemonade was pretty good also. The sandwich has a decent amount of pork and combined with that bun, it's quite filling for me. However, I wouldn't consider this to be a cheap eats place, since its almost $10 for a sandwich including taxes. Maybe I'm just spoiled by the super cheap, yet same quality food in Chinatown x)
Zagat and USA Today were right to name Num Pang as one of the top Sandwich shops in the United States because this place is undeniably delicious!  The sandwiches are pretty cheap (for New York), running about $8.  The pulled duroc pork is my go-to.  The combination of deliciously tender pork with crispy veggies (including pickled carrots and cucumbers) with a touch of spiced honey and cilantro is to die for.  I'm looking forward to trying some of their other creations in the future. I do wish the sandwiches were bigger, but it's hard to complain when the quality is so high.  I also have to say I love the vibe of this place.  Maybe I fall within the school of Anthony Bourdain or Roy Choi, but I love no nonsense places that eschew pretension.  That's not to say that Num Pang is some hole in the wall disaster in terms of decor (which I'd still be okay with).  In fact, Num Pang does have a bit of charm in its intimate location, and it has friendly staff to boot.  But Num Pang stands (as all restaurants should) purely on the quality of its food.  Indeed, with only limited countertop seating (in midtown at least), one is left to focus on all that matters: well-made, well-presented, absolutely delicious banh mi.
Holy crap! YUM!  Just walking by and gave it a shot... pulled pork was out of this world!  Was full but had to have another! The counter guy said to try the pork belly. Was really good also.    Awesome
Dat pork belly doh. My only complaints about this place was that it was expensive (everything in NY is...) I mean, you can only pay so much for quality in a sandwich, amirite? Anyway, there was no wait even though it was lunch time. This location is pretty obscure (there is another shop in Chelsea Market, which is definitely more crowded). Personally, I liked the sandwich that I got. Pork belly with pear on a baguette. SO TASTY. Maybe if it weren't so expensive.
Honestly - this is as good as a sandwich place can get. My favorites: 1. Pork Belly sandwich - for stressed days 2. Tiger Shrimp sandwich - for skinny days Rotate the list above + sriracha on the side + watermelon juice = you are good Restaurant does not have seating, so you must stand or take to go. Sandwich travels nicely if you get delivery.
Tasty tasty tasty
Always a line (seriously, don't be scared, it moves pretty quick). Always worth it. Phenomenal mix of sweetness from fruit and spicy have a flavor orgy in your mouth leading to sandwich ecstasy. I always trying to switch to a different sandwich every time I go, but the catfish is always amazing. I also love the watermelon juice. Nothing fancy. Just fresh juice from a watermelon.
I walked down the block to get a sandwich. As I was walking, I noticed this huge line coming out from this place. I noted in my mind "Num Pang". The next day, a group of my co-workers and I decided to get lunch together. Someone recommended this place, so we all came here to grab a sandwich. All of them sounded interesting, but the one that stood out was the pork belly. My friend had mentioned it to me before. Simply put, he described it as a Cambodian sandwich with pork belly and pears. The thought of that to me sounded sickening: Pork belly is fat and  I am health conscious. Pears add sweetness, and I'm more of a savory person. The sandwich was the total opposite of what I was looking for. Nonetheless, I decided to get risky and just go for it. Plus, I was going for a 7.5 mile hike the next day; I should definitely splurge. When I got back to the office, I took a bite. Not bad, not bad. The pork belly was somewhat smoky and fantastically flavored. When I got a bite of the pear with it, I was surprised. It worked. The sweetness complimented the five spice/smoky flavor of the pork belly. The bread was crunchy and buttered. I went back the next week and got the roasted chicken chimi. I really didn't care for this sandwich. It had apples in it. The apple tasted pickled, and it kinda reminded of feet. It was dressed with chili yogurt mayo, so I assumed it had some yogurt tanginess in there, but I did not taste any. This sandwich wasn't my cup of tea, but because the pork belly sandwich was so delicious, I would come back here to get that or try something new. The mackerel one with Thai basil infused oil sounds interesting, so I may give that a try the next time I'm in the mood for a sandwich. I guess no more going to Cafe Metro or Subway for a sandwich.
So I picked up the pork belly today vs the bacon and peaches I had last time. I handed a section to my coworker sitting at her table. She's 1) Vietnamese and 2)Her family runs Ana Mandara in Ghiradelli Square in San Fran and Truc Orient in Boca Raton and also in the Berkshires. She took her first bite and went radio silent then said "Holy Sh**!" with a smile. If that isn't an endorsement of goodness I don't know what is.
Tasty sandwiches from this cramped hole-in-the-wall place. Good for students searching for a quick and, more importantly, quality bite. The upstairs seating arrangement is a bit strange but somehow cozy when you're there by yourself or with a friend.
For my first experience at Num Pang Sandwich Shop, I was very pleased.  I went to take out lunch on a really nice Friday afternoon, and there were probably 20 people on line waiting to order.  I almost turned away, but decided I'd wait to see how quickly the line moved.  Good thing I waited... they moved through everyone so fast, and my sandwich was ready in a matter of 30 seconds after ordering... almost too fast - I double checked that they got my order right. So my Pulled Duroc Pork with spiced honey sandwich was delicious.  The baguette was fresh and the garnish was great too.  (All sandwiches are served with cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro and chili mayo on bread baked by Parisi Bakery).  For $7.75, it was affordable for a quick midtown lunch.  The sandwich isn't huge, but that's fine.. it's plenty filling. Warning, this sandwich was saucy/messy but does fit in the category of finger lickin' good. Super fast take-out service. Really tasty flavors. Great Midtown place to grab a quick bite to go. I will definitely be back and take consideration of an upgrade from 4 to 5 stars.
Five-spice pork belly was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Plain and simple. That is all. Goodnight.
DELICIOUS. SIMPLY DELICIOUS. I had the peppercorn catfish sandwich and my friend had the pulled pork sandwich. And then we each placed a SECOND order to go, for the same sandwiches, because they were that good. I needed to take one with me!
Wow. This place makes a mean sandwich! I can't believe that I work literally across the street from here, and it took me over a month to finally make my way down to Num Pang. Num Pang is a Vietnamese sandwich spot hidding right in the middle of Midtown East. Now when I think of Vietnamese sandiwiches, what comes to my mind is me in San Jose, CA, at Lee's Sandwiches getting a $2 Vietnamese sandwich. Over at Num Pang, that is totally the opposite. Move over $2 Vietnamese sandwiches, because over here, they're $8. Whoa, what gives? Why the 4x price increase you may ask? Well, it's because this place is actually quality. They use solid pieces of pork belly, meatball, and any other meat that comes in your sandwich. Now when I come here, I go straight for the Five Spice Pork Belly Sandiwch. It comes with a couple solid pieces of pork belly, sauces, veggies, and some Asian pear. Granted, the size of the sandwich isn't incredibly huge, but it is pretty tasty. If you're coming here, you're looking to grab and go. There's not much room inside to stay and eat, unless you don't mind standing and eating. The service here is incredibly fast. You might have to wait around 5 minutes to order, but after you do, it is literally a minute or two till you get your food. Num Pang is a solid place to grab a sandwich for lunch. It's a nice deviation from your normal roast beef on wheat, and is good enough to make you want to come back. The wait is incredibly fast, but on the downside, the sandwiches aren't huge either. If you're starving, then you should either probably get two, or pass on this place till tomorrow.
Stop what you're doing and go here NOW.  Sammies are a little smaller than a classic banh mi BUT the choices, fine ingredients, and amazing execution make up for that.  Extra points for home-made bevs and cans of coconut water in the soda case.
Americanized, but still really good. The steak was pretty good, howeverm it was the bread and sauce that made the sandwich memorable.
The pork belly num pang sandwiches are just delicious as always.  This place is smaller than their other location, and there's nowhere to sit.  You can stand at the small counter to the side, but that's about it.  And yes, there's sriracha bottles everywhere for you to use!
Very excited that Num Pang has opened in midtown, esp. right near work.  Went shortly after noon time to "beat the rush", but there were already at least 10 people in front of me and 15 more inside waiting for the food.  Got the pork belly sandwich which is nicely-done, juicey and FATTY.  No need for sriracha sauce at all.  Would definitely go back and try out all their other flavors.
I no longer work in the area but when I did I was here very often. I could also convince co-workers to join me for lunch since they enjoyed all the meaty stuff while I drooled over the vegan offerings: roasted cauliflower sandwich and the tofu sandwich (both made with yummy chili SOY mayo!). It can get a little crowded and cramped during lunch time but they always have a solid music playlist (it's the little things) and the sandwiches are ready fast.
Soooooooooooo good but soooooo small. This was my first time and I got the pulled pork sandwich (cuz it was one of the cheaper ones and had great reviews) and it was amazing. Everyone who says the pulled pork sandwich is delicious is right. The baguette is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside. There was plenty of meat, the pickles were delicious, the chili mayo was fab. But what shocked me was how small it was. I was probably only like 60% full after eating it. And that's where I deduct a star, I think it's too expensive for that size, even if it's Manhattan (came out to be $9 including tax) :l On another note, there was a huuuge line when I got there, as in a line through the door and outside. But it went by really quickly and I didn't wait an amazingly long time to order or wait for my food after I ordered it (15 min max?). Would I come back here? Maybe, if it's during the Happy Hour cuz then some of the sandwiches are cheaper. Would I recommend this place to a friend? For sure, but I'd also warn them about the price.
Welcome to my neighborhood! This cheap eat is now my favorite sandwich shop. Tried the Peppercorn Catfish and Five spiced Pork Belly...both amazing complimented by toasted bread that was soft, warm yet crunchy. For an extra kick, add a drop of their hot sauce to each bite. The grilled corn was an excellent tasty side, and my iced green tea with a little added sugar syrup was absolutely refreshing. Saturday for lunch had no lines compared to the weekday from what I heard. Then again, they just opened so the word is still getting out. You gotta try it! I look forward to trying their other sandwiches.
Num Pang and I have a love-love relationship.  The sandwiches are out this world, with my favorite being the pulled pork.  What makes this sandwiches so good is a combination of things: -The protein: It is always moist and full of flavor - The "add-ons": unlike a traditional US sandwich, Num Pang puts carrots, cilantro, and a slice cucumber on all of their sandwiches. - The sauce: It's some type of mayo based sauce, but is sooooo yummy. I would drink the sauce on it's own if I could! - The bread: uuuhhhhhh, actually the perfect description. I have never had bread like the bread at num pang and it is such a treat.  Nice crunchy outside, with a soft inside, and a somewhat sweet flavor.   The combination of all of these things makes num pang's sandwiches perfect.  Not too much, not too little, and every flavor encompassed in the sandwich can be tasted in each bite.  Way to go! The other item that I love is the corn on the cob.  It's grilled with a spicy mayo sauce and is irresistible. Every time I am in our downtown office location I come to Num Pang and I try my best to get those who have never experienced these sandwiches to go with me. Num Pan is a MUST on my list.
This is a very trendy spot but the best thing about this place is the bread, which they outsource from Parisi Bakery in Little Italy. I had the pulled pork. The sandwich lacked a balance of flavor, all of the ingredients were out of proportion.  The only part of the inside of the sandwich with flavor was the mayo.  That being said, there was almost as much mayo as there was vegetable.  What should have been the star of the sandwich (the pulled pork) had very little taste and there was not much of it.  The pork was actually overcooked but they tried to rehydrate it by letting it soak in broth.  This might have actually saved the meat if the broth was reduced so the flavor was intensified, as it was, I was just eating wet meat with little taste. The pickled vegetable was pickled well, sweet and tart, but there was not enough. I know its located in mid-town so the prices need to be slightly inflated, but for $8 and change you would expect a little more food.
...I'm a true fatty because I'm going to complain about how small the sandwich is. Its unbelievably delicious.
To Go ONLY, I repeat To Go ONLY! There was a line out the door when I got here for lunch the other day, but don't be scared, it goes quick. I got the 5 spice pork belly and the catfish sandwiches with a side of the coleslaw and ate it at Bryant Park. I had a bite of the pork belly and it was quite good. But i was definitely into my catfish. The slaw was tasty but a bit spicy for me to handle. This is a fantastic little spot, I'm so glad I came upon it and would love to go back and try more!
Too good and too close to work. I joined a gym when this place opened. the short: - don't let the lunch time line intimidate you- it's fast! - literally every sandwich on the menu is delicious (trust...), but if you're in a rush, order from their 'classic' menu- usually doesn't take longer than 10 minutes for your order to come out. - try juices. - credit card is good here, hurrah! - don't forget sriracha sauces when you're going- everything is better spicier! - step out of the waiting area when you've gotten your sandwich (yes, even if your friend/co-worker is still waiting for their order). - try not to get godly juices on your work shirt
Second best Cambodian sandwiches I've ever eaten.
I'm so happy I found this gem of a spot. I thought this was Vietnamese banh mi, but my friend quickly corrected me that it was Cambodian. When I told her to chill out (big mistake), she quickly reminded me that Korean kim bop was not sushi, and I told her to chill out again... We no longer talk. Just a few key things. - The bread is perfect. Chewy, crispy, soft, does not overpower the rest of the sandwich. Like I said. Perfect. The only thing maybe is a dash of butter like the shake shack buns ;) just saying... - Creative Sandwiches that will tickle your taste buds. I've tried pulled pork, pork belly (my least favorite, mostly because the proportions feel off, like the sandwich overpowers the meat), the meatball (by far the most flavorful....and messy), chicken, and beef brisket. All of these I would eat again and not complain, but my favorite would be the pulled pork, chicken, and meatball in that order. - I am super excited to try the others, especially the catfish since I've heard many good things. - their Black tea drink is by far my favorite. And I've been on a sparkled water kick so there you go. The sodas and juices are good, but a little to sugary for my taste, but hey I'm in my 30s now, so to each their own. - The corn is great - mayo, chil and coconut, but at least when I went, it was like a mini corn on the cob, because it took about 12 bites for me to finish the entire thing. like 3 rows of typewriter cob eating at best. smh. Anyways, if you can beat the long lines, which I've been fortunate enough to do, but even when there is a line, they go by pretty fast, this place is a definite go to lunch spot that is increasingly becoming not-so-hidden in the crazy midtown lunch scramble. but still, definitely worth it :)
Simply put, Num Pang serves the best sandwiches in the entire world.  They are just completely fantastic.  The service is friendly and quick, the food is AMAZING, and even the drinks are incredible (fresh brewed green tea and fresh pressed watermelon juice? yes please). I love this place, everyone in my office loves this place, and everyone in the insanely long line loves this place because it's that good.
Outstanding sandwiches.  Note to get there at their opening each day or maybe 30 mins after, their lunch crowd is very large and they wait can be 15-20min.   Prices are good and service is as quick as it can be, but can get slow when very crowded at lunch time.   I recommend the 'peach' sandwich, although I believe it was a 'seasonal' offering so it is no longer offered, but it was one of the best sandwiches I ever had!   No seating in the restaurant.
Awesome sandwich spot. Came here after the lunch rush around 1:30 and got my sandwich in about 5 minutes. The coconut tiger shrimp sandwich had great flavor, a perfect mix from the spicy mayo, pickled carrots, and coconut shrimp. The shrimps were a nice size and meaty which made the sandwich super awesome. Would love to come back again to try their other offerings.
So today I was going to go stop by ippudo at 5pm before my volleyball match so that i could be in front of the line when it opened for dinner.. when i got distracted by my coworkers and did not make it out the door in time..... that is when the dilemma arose..... WHAT SHOULD I EAT??!!!???  coming onto 1st ave and 28th street i wandered and wandered and wandered then low and behold i whip out the yelp app on my droid.... dah dah duhhhhhhhhh.....  went through some places when this caught my eye.....  I am a huge fan of Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches and saw that Cambodians have a similar type of sandwich. I became curious.... would this match up to the Vietnamese.... would they tickle my fancy with savoriness around my tongue as the banh mi does.... would there be explosions of flavor within my mouth creating that ultimate O........... i just had to try it out. So off i start walking to this journey of unknown territory.  When i showed up thier menu of sandwiches all looked so delicious that i did not know which one i wanted to get or where to start.  After talking to the server for a bit i opted to get the signature sandwich with pork belly and a second order of thier veal meatballs.  They were both delisious..... and boy was there a party going on in my mouth. :) The sandwiches are great and i am looking forward to going back sometime to try some of thier other ones.  :)
Seriously, how did they fit this much awesome into an actual hole in the wall? Sandwiches are well spiced and have a generous filling-to-bread ratio. If you get something meat-heavy, add a side of light and refreshing slaw to balance things out. Also, I never realized corn on the cob could be so exciting--then Num Pang grilled some up with chili mayo and coconut (you will need napkins and probably a place to sit down and really attack it).
No where to sit down.. big minus for me. Sandwiches were decent -- not many shrimp given in the tiger shrimp sandwich..  however tasty. Nice variety of Boylan cokes.. that's always appreciated. Overall -- I'd go to JoJu in Flushing/Elmhurst for a much better and tastier experience.
This would've been a 5-star rating had it not been for the set-up. The grand opening of this 2nd location timed perfectly with the warm summer months, but come the brutal winter it will be a problem. The reason why, the cashier/ordering is set up like a walk-up window, from the outside. Luckily there's SOME room for when you wait inside for your order but it's still not that much. On to the food! The first 2 days of the week they were open but closed to public for a private event. I would say I was lucky enough to give them a try within their first week, then again I did go on a rainy Thursday and my office building is right next door. But I also went again today on a nice warm summer day. :) The first time I went they ran out of the 5-spiced pork belly so I settled for the pulled pork sandwich. And I'm glad I did, absolutely DELISH! The baguette was throughly toasted, which is exactly the way I like it. The ingredients tasted very fresh and they seemed very generous with the pulled pork portion. They do seem a WEE bit too heavy handed with the chipotle mayo but I don't mind at all. I mean c'mon, live a little and enjoy it! :P I also had the Blood Orange Lemonade which I did enjoy. Some people might not like it because it is a bit tart, but seems very appropriate with the warm summer months. Today I had the Coconut Tiger Shrimp sandwich and that also was very good. Not as generous portion-wise as the pulled pork, but still enough for satisfaction and money's worth. Both times I got lucky enough to get my orders within 3 minutes. Can't say how fast everyone else is but so far I'm happy. :) And prices are average for a NYC lunch. All in all, it's a great new addition to the neighborhood and I'll definitely be back.
Excellent veggie sandwiches, don't forget the grilled corn on the side :)
What a great five-spice glazed pork belly sandwich.  It was an easy choice that I could not absolutely forego.  It's sort of a foodie bf/gf relationship sin when you and your partner order the same thing, but I knew I wouldn't be satisfied with a "bite" of his. Bread was lightly toasted, carrots were still crisp despite being pickled, and the cilantro was fresh and fragrant.  A nice schmear of spicy mayo rounds out the perfect bite.  I've had my fair share of pork belly sandwiches and Num Pang ranks high with the most amount of meat served. Yes, a fair share of fat, but I would estimate a 1:3 ratio of fat to tender pork meat. mind.blown. Their blood orange store-made juice was delicious, but the corn - toooooooooo messy. With so much gunk, it's impossible to get a good bite. Some corn, some dollups of coconut, and sometimes a bite with 80%mayo and 20% corn. Too much stuff on something that just easily slides off to the sides of your cheek and chin. Could and should have easily done without. Thankfully there's grand central and parks (bryant and sutton place) nearby to sit down, but it's obviously a "take out" sort of ambience.
This is the BEST NEW sandwich shop in Midtown East!  It is soo soo soo soo soo soo sooooooooooo dangerous as it is 1.5 blocks from my office. I have tried the chicken chimchurri and the pulled pork.. both were delicious.  I love the combination of fresh vegetables, a super delicious fresh roll with a crunch and spicy mayo on top of whatever combo you get. I gave it 4 stars because there are no substitutions and although on most of them I wouldn't change anything, I would like to try the Tiger Shrimp one but i really dislike coconut shreds...so I will not be trying it. My friend and I went to lunch there the other day and she went back the next day... she said she's addicted. Delicious and can't wait to keep trying sandwiches!
Had the pulled pork and pork belly sandwiches with a side of the corn.  Pulled pork was very juicy and the pork belly was rich and savory. Both very well seasoned. The corn was different than anything I've ever had and was SO delicious. Highly recommend.
Maybe I just love South East Asian Food.. But you can't go wrong at this place! I ordered a catfish sandwich and loved it! I wish there were seats at this place and were cheaper. It reminds me of a chipotle/five guys type of chain but with asian sandwiches. So for the sandwich. Bread is actually good, wasn't too hard and was fresh and toasted. The catfish was decent, but I love the condiments and vegetables added in the sandwich. Big fan of cilantro! I was had a mango drink, but the portion was a bit less for me and it was more average. All in all, solid.
Came here Saturday around 3 p.m. and didnt need to worry about the lines that are present on weekdays.  We got right in, ordered 1 pulled pork and one peppercorn catfish and MAN they were both outstanding. Delicious rolls that are hard on outside and soft on the inside and the catfish was just perfect.  Subtle in its seasoning with a great light sauce and just enough heat.  I was in love.   Cant wait to head back - one of the best sandwiches you will ever eat.
Love this place.  Great sandwiches.  Try the Duroc pork, pork belly, and well, you can't go wrong.  The coconot shrimp is a bit light on shrimp, but everything is good.   Definitely try the fruit salad and any fresh juices or ciders they have.
I went for the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich and was definitely NOT disappointed. The opposite, in fact. I was completely 100% satisfied with this decision. The flavor was incredible and it filled me up quick! I really want to go back and try some more options. The only thing this place is missing is PHO. I know it's a "sandwich shop" but give the Vietnamese-food-loving people what they want!!
Can we TALK about the catfish sandwich? Holy heavens it's delicious overheard on line... "do you think the catfish is farm raised?" i don't know about you.... but i am def. putting my eco differences aside for this sandwich.
500+ reviews for a sandwich shop, so i guess that says something but i want to say more. the sandwiches were good, being vegetarian - we shared the cauliflower and the tofu sandwiches. at first they seemed pretty small, especially for about $8 each .. we were here sort of late at night, the bread was maybe a little more crusty than optimal (luckily it didn't tear up the roof of our mouths) but the tofu was dripping wet so it softened the bread up a bit, the cauliflower was not as wet and the florets were quite large but nice and crispy -  both sandwiches were delicious, and if ever i am nearby and looking for a quick bite this will be a place to stop .. not too far from GCT so if you have time to kill and want a decent cambodian sandwich within walking distance of the train station this is probably your best bet.
Absolutely delicious! I've been to Num Pang a handful times over the past few years and have never been disappointed. The bread is amazing and super fresh.. the highlight of the sandwich. Yesterday I ordered the pulled duroc pork sandwich with the grilled corn (yum!!) and my coworker ordered the pork belly sandwich. Both had stellar reviews. Every bite of my sandwich was sooo good. Be aware that the grilled corn on the cob, especially since it is covered in chili mayo and coconut flakes, is SUPER messy and you'll get pepper / chili mayo / coconut flakes everywhere! :) The prices are indeed high for sandwiches, but hey.. it's midtown NYC. I work right near Grand Central so at least Num Pang is a convenient place to get lunch and I know that for what I'm paying, I'm getting damn good, fresh food. Love Num Pang!
I had heard some pretty rave reviews about the downtown location, but never made it there.  Fast forward to now, they have a midtown east location, which shockingly will deliver to me all the way over on the East River.  Bonus! Yesterday I tried their pulled pork sandwich with the butternut squash soup.  Wow.  I am a sucker for the sweet/savory/spicy trifecta and this place delivers that combo beautifully.  The sandwich was delicious; super tender and juicy pork, with crisp cucumber and carrot, on an excellent roll (from Parisi's Bakery, another bonus!).  That would have been enough to win me over, but the soup was also surprisingly great.  The sweetness of the squash contrasted with their spices, brought together in harmony by creamy coconut deliciousness, was just awesome. I will definitely be ordering from these guys again and look forward to trying some of the other inventive (but undoubtedly delicious) sandwich options.  If you enjoy Banh Mi sandwiches, you would definitely like what they've got going on here.  Just go!
Ecstasy on a roll.  Went here while working in the area. Dined al fresco on the curb while enjoying the  five spice pork belly and felt like the happiest man in the world. My only regret was my wife was not there to enjoy it with me.
If you haven't tried Num Pang Sandwich shop, you're missing out big time. Food is amazing, but can get a little price. I had the Ginger Brisket because the pork belly sandwich sold out =( However, the sandwich was so bomb. Reminds me a lot like a Banh Mi, but the bread is totally different. I also tried the special corn on the cob which was amazing. Not sure what they put in it, but it was hella good.
I can definitely see why this place gets high marks.  Think Vietnamese banh mi sandwiches, but Cambodian style.   I ordered the 5-spice pork belly sandwich, and it was pretty good, though not as "clean-tasting" as banh mi.  The sandwich had a lot of creamy sauces, which really appeals to the American taste palate.  But for me, too creamy and sweet. Lots of people here, so expect a line.  It's hip, and appeals to Americans who are proud of themselves for being so worldly.  Expensive, too.
Num Pang makes fantastic Cambodian-style sandwiches in three locations throughout Manhattan. I've yet to have a bad sandwich there, but the five-spiced glazed pork belly ($8.50) is definitely their best. Served on a semolina roll that mops up the contents well, the pork belly has a sweet tang due to a slice of glazed pear on top and isn't overly fatty like pork belly tends to be. Num Pang's signature chili mayo adds a nice bit of spice to the sweetness, and a generous helping of cucumber and pickled carrots give the sandwich a much-needed crunch. Just make sure to skip their blood-orange lemonade which tastes like Tang. sandwichguynyc.blogspot.…
How is it possibly OK to refuse a paying customers` request to leave off mayo ?  These people are without a doubt, a disgraceful business, who care more about their own taste preferences than satisfying their customers requests. By the way, mayo is terrible for your health.
Mouthfuls of deliciousness in every bite. I had the pulled pork. The bun was warm and toasted just right to encase the generous amounts of pork and toppings. The juicy pork, pickled carrots and aromatic cilantro was spicy, tart and crunchy. The best trifecta. Will be back for more.
Great lunch spot in midtown.  Sandwiches are delicious and there are so many different kinds to try.   My personal favorites are the coconut shrimp, peppercorn catfish or pork belly.  Each sandwich comes on toasted French bread with pickled veggies and a spicy mayo.  Lines can get long during lunch hours, but service is fairly quick and the staff is friendly.
Was on the hunt for a good place to grab a quick snack while visiting NYC and staying at the Westin just down the street. Num Pang caught my eye so my girlfriend and I decided to drop in. We just wanted something to hold us over until dinner so we split a sandwich. Decided to go with the ginger brisket. It was fantastic. Super fresh ingredients. Really nice soft bread with a great crust. Lean pieces of brisket. Fresh carrots, cucs, and pickled cabbage. Highly suggest picking up a few containers of their sriracha-ish sauce. Ads some great heat to the sandwiches. Will definitely be getting another sandwich here soon. Will probably go for the pork belly and their house made juices which are supposedly very tasty.
Cambodian sandwiches?  Who knew they'd be so delicious.  A bit small for the price, but you're paying for quality and not quantity.  Tender delicious meat accompanied by their sriracha mayo.  Don't forget to order corn here too.  It's delicious! I'm a little sad that I work just a block out of their delivery zone.  Unfortunately, they won't make any exceptions even if we have a big order. Plus... the guy that was taking orders on the phone was very rude.  Not a fan of speaking to db's when I'm trying to order my lunch.  He's lucky I like the sandwiches here.
I'm upping it to 5 stars. They delivered to me, despite the 30-45 minute wait time stated on the site, within 10 minutes of placing the order. Yes, I'm right around the corner, but still. It was prime lunch-hour. And the delivery guy was super-nice and followed my note about waiting outside the building. And they wrapped everything so well that even my jasmine iced tea (not-to-be-missed, kids) didn't spill a drop. Most importantly, I added a new item to this order: the summer squash & zucchini. It's worth the bump in star count alone. I was hungry, and now I'm just happy. Thanks, Num Pang.
Cambodian Sandwiches?  Who would've thought this? Whoever did - this place is so delicious and the portion sizes are fantastic.  I ordered the skirt steak sandwich after walking there from work and I just waited as they took my order.  I was very happy because they were friendly as I clearly did not know what I wanted and was faced with figuring out which one of the two sandwiches I really wanted.  I also ordered the corn on the cob and some type of lemonade.  It was so great that I may need to order from them again.  It would be a shame not to.
Definitely will be going back to get more sammiches. Warning- there's basically no seating, at least for this one on the 41st street. My mom and I took our food to Grand Central (couple blocks down the street) and sat/ate in their foodcourt tables. My mom and I found out about this little place while we were walking to Grand Central on a rainy day. Business men/women lined up outside, anxiously waiting for their sandwiches. We looked up and found out that they served Cambodian sandwiches. Though it's not the same, think of bahn-mi, Cambodian style. It's really amazing and delicious. My mom ordered the pulled pork one while I got pork belly. We split them and agreed that the pork belly definitely had more taste to it- maybe more BBQ-y, sweet, and just really, REALLY good. The bread that the sandwich is served on is AMAZING. Crispy on the edges, soft inside, and overall adds to the experience! Comes with slices of pickly carrots and onions and cilantro. I remember there being some sort of a mayo that had more spiceyness to it... not sure what's in it, but it was a great spread. They also have small containers of sriracha sauce that you can use if you like. Also- GET THEIR BLOOD ORANGE LEMONADE. It is refreshing and definitely goes well with the sandwich! They also do deliveries with I believe $10 or more spending, which is really really nice. I might be using this delivery service... its so convenient! I love this place, if you can't tell. Love it!
Great lunch place in midtown.  Clearly a popular spot - the line winds around the place.  These are really high quality sandwiches with interesting ingredients that all work together to be great.  There are lots of great vegetarian options as well.  They have the system down and move you through the line quickly (no substitutions allowed) but the people that work there are really helpful and nice.  They also have great seasonal sandwiches they rotate in.
Great little place for lunch. Take out only, but  sandwiches and rice bowls are all really good. Very fast service and reasonable price.
Delicious Sandwiches! So far I've had the Pulled Pork, Coconut Shrimp, Roasted Cauliflower (muy caliente), Hanger Steak, and Pork Belly sandwiches, all are on point! The contrasting flavors and textures are delightful and create nicely balanced sandwiches. Also, the bread is awesome, it has a nice sweet flavor to it, almost like a potato roll, soft on the inside, with just the right amount of crustyness on the outside to enable it to maintain its integrity while you are tearing through the tasty goodness inside. The only downside is that the sandwiches are on the small side... When I go with friends, we usually get 3 for 2 people, as one really isn't enough to fill us, and two would be too much.  So we do 1.5 and that allows us to try multiple combinations and flavor profiles. Although this does quickly bring the bill to around $12-$16 pp., which opens up the likes of the Oyster Bar, The Palm, DarBar, as equally viable lunch options.
Can't believe this place has been blocks from me for years and I only just tried it now.  You guys are right- really delicious, tender pork belly sandwich.  That is all I tried- but I will definitely be back to try more!
I find myself going there twice in the last two weeks, the Pork Belly banh mi is such delicacy and not to be missed. My friends have ordered bacon, skirt steak and other dishes and said they are equally good, but I have been unable to give up my Pork Belly each time I go there. The place usually has a long queue of about 20 people outside and 20 people inside waiting to pick up their orders, but turnover is fast, wait time is usually below 5 minutes. There is no place to sit in the restaurant, but in the summer time, try eating it at Bryant Park, can be quite a treat!
Solid four star lunch spot.  I had the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly which was fantastic.  Great flavor in that pork for sure.  I also had the Coconut Tiger Shrimp, which was good, but just good.  Not much coconut flavor at all. One sandwich is not enough (diclaimer: I split the two sandwiches with a friend).  I will definitely go back and next time try the pulled pork which looked great.
Amazzzzzzzzzzzzzing sandwich.  Had the Pork Belly sandwich, awesome slice of pork, the bread was incredible --tasted freshly baked!!! The bread! The Bread! The Bread!~ohhhhhhh baby. Hot sauce to go!! I would give this five stars but a bit too much fat for me and there was NO place to sit!!.  Next time I'll try the catfish, but the pork was to die for. This was a perfect lunch.
I've had several different sandwiches from Num Pang which have ranged from underwhelming (chicken chimi - do not recommend) to extraordinary (5 spice pork belly - highly recommend).  Overall, this earns Num Pang a solid 4 stars.   Some honorable mention items include their catfish salad (love the lime dressing!)  and their grilled pork noodle salad bowl (huge portion).  Seriously though, try that pork belly sandwich and you can't go wrong.
This place was referred to me by my roommate, and I am so happy I tried it!  Not really into sandwich, but I have to say, I can't wait to go back to this place.   Food:  4 stars--yummy!  I got pull duroc pork sandwich, the meat was really well seasoned, sauce was good too.  Flavorful but not too overwhelming. Service: 3 stars--wasn't really impressed with the service...but again, it's more like a quick service place. Ambiance: I actually like their store decor/renovation. Tall ceiling defn make the place feel bigger, AND open kitchen is a huge plus too! Price: Reasonable.  Especially for this location! Since this place is ONLY a block away from my office, defn going back there often.
Tried the pork belly and the coconut tiger shrimp sandwiches. Wow. Amazing. I am stuffed right now but already planning a trip back to try the other sandwiches.  You need to go try these sandwiches!
Def on my lunch shortlist. I'm addicted to their cauliflower banh mi, love the Cambodian Iced Coffee. Bacon and peach summer special was really good. The portions on the noodles tend to be on the smaller side, but still tasty. Also the meatball banh mi is good, but found the catfish one too salty.
Very tasty, fresh sandwich.  Great meat, great veggies, great sauce, great bread. But the portions couldn't make an anorexic feel full.
Amazing Cambodian sandwiches at a great value! I'm obsessed w their peppercorn catfish and 5 spice glazed pork belly. The catfish is really flavorful, peppery, and a nice, soft texture-not fishy. The pork belly is juicy and delicious. I love the crunch that the carrots and cucumbers add. They also have really tasty watermelon juice.
About as exciting as sandwiches can possibly get. This hot spot attracts a big crowd during prime lunch hours, but the line moves quickly and the food is well worth the wait. Try the coconut tiger shrimp sandwich or the pork belly, and spend the rest of your day in a blissful food coma. The *coconut tiger shrimp sandwich* is one of Num Pang's "classic sandwiches" (other classics include the duroc pork, catfish, meatball, cauliflower, and skirt steak sandwiches). The shrimp is prepared perfectly--the coconut breading is understated and the shrimp itself is impressively tender. The toppings--cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro, and chili mayo--give the sandwich refreshing zest and a nice kick. And, the bread---oh the bread--has that perfect crusty outside/chewy inside. My boyfriend tried the *five-spice glazed pork belly* and described it as "melt-in-your mouth good." He wanted me to give this place five stars, so that's probably all you need to know... The kitchen somehow forgot our order, which was the one snag in my Num Pang lunch experience. But, the cashier gave me a free blood orange lemonade, so I really can't complain!
My first impression of their sandwiches was that they are just smaller but pricier version Vietnamese sandwiches. It took me a couple of weeks after they opened to give it a try. I was hooked. The quality of the bread, meat and their inventiveness is way above and beyond what you get from Chinatown Vietnamese sandwiches. I'm on a mission to try their whole menu. Had their sandwiches cost a dollar cheaper, the world would have been perfect.
All you need to order is the pork belly sandwich. It's one of the few things that make me really really happy.  Not sure if this is the same shop downtown, the menu looks the same, but I like this location better.
This was on my must try list while in the city after reading about it. Bigger and better than Banh Mi? I'm there! Fortunately it wasn't out of the way when walking to Grand Central. I tried the Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly, my sister ordered the Ginger BBQ Brisket. Both were very good, but to compare them to Vietnamese Banh Mi is a bit unfair as there is significantly more meat and a lot more going on with all the spices, maybe a little too much. It's also a lot more money too. I certainly enjoyed my sandwich though, definitely worth checking out sometime.
Delicious sandwich when you're in the mood for spices and seasonings that will tantalize and maybe even numb your taste buds!! We had the 5 spice pork belly sandwich, very rich meat, fatty and succulent. YOU MUST get the CORN!!! explosion of flavor in your mouth made with a tangy creamy spiced mayo, coconut, chill powder. Def packs a a punch!!
I'm a recent convert of cambodian style sandwiches. And boy, am I glad that I've finally seen the light, er, tasted the coconut tiger shrimp deliciousness. Not too salty, properly saucy and perfectly cooked protein. Yum.
Oh my. Found this place on Yelp and practically ran the few blocks from the Public Library hoping that it wasn't too good to be true. The sandwiches were amazing. Extremely interesting flavours and combos here. It was hard for us to decide. We ended up with the pulled pork and spiced honey, and then the coconut shrimp. I also had a homemade blood orange lemonade. The coconut shrimp sandwich was an excellent blend of flavours. They went well together and there were plenty of shrimp in there - really impressed. The pulled pork and spiced honey was a little dry (probably after scoffing down my juicy shrimp) but again, a lot of pork in there and good flavours. The lemonade was a bit too sugary for me but I liked the tart flavour. One star down because there are no seats whatsoever! Not even a few bar stools to go with their side counter. And also, this may be a cultural thing but we asked them to cut our sandwiches in half because we were sharing and they just plainly refused and said to do it ourselves...Maybe we are too used to LA life where everything is possible :) We went at something crazy like 3pm (we had been crazy tourists all day and had actually forgotten to eat because NYC just has TOO much to see!) and there was no queue but from the set up it looks it gets extremely busy around lunch time, so beware!! You definitely have to pay this place a visit!!
Only one visit, but I was extremely impressed with this small sandwich shop just around corner from Grand Central. The fantastic Asian Ginger Brisket with chili mayo on a warm baguette more than justifies the five star rating. Manhattan is lucky to have a few of these gems.  Fantastic little place, near perfect Vietnamese sandwiches.   A recent return visit only confirmed the above impressions. Num Pang is not a secret, so be prepared to wait a bit--line moves quickly, even on a freezing day.
A.Ma.Zing.  Went here on a recommendation and loved every bite.  I tried to order the brisket, but they were out even at 1PM.  For two hungry people, we ordered the pulled pork, the pork belly and the chicken soup.  I personally loved sweet and sour combo flavors of the pulled pork, but the fiance loved the pork belly better.  Both were made even more amazing with Siracha.  Soup had great cilantro flavor and would def be a comfort food if I was sick.  Will come back here everytime I am in NY!!
I had an amazing pulled pork sandwich which was a little different.  The bread was fresh with the perfect slight crunch and really soaks up the flavors.  This food belongs in your favorite food truck...
Been here a few times. Sandwiches are excellent. Had a seasonal grilled whitefish with leaks. Unique and good. Original Bahn Mi always the best, but this is a good hit.
I've wanted to stop here forever.  We came in and checked it out and than god we did.  I got the brisket sandwich and my GF got a chicken sandwich and both were amazing.  The bread perfectly complemented the choice of meats and the carrot slaw was perfect.  Thin slices of pickles were great and then having a little Sirracha on the table put it over the top for me.  Banger sandwich shop.  A must stop.
Fast service. Great value. Incredible food. Seriously incredible food. My favorites are the meatball sandwich and pork belly sandwich.
This is an awesome sandwich shop. I'm putting it on my Banh Mi list though the sandwiches are Cambodian not Vietnamese - close enough for me! They attract the midtown lunch crowd so it's crowded during weekday lunches but I went on a saturday around 3pm and it was empty. It's a small shop but it has character. There is no place to sit down inside, though there is a small area around the wall where you can stand and eat while admiring the eye catching graphic art. yelp.com/user_local_phot… I wasn't too hungry so I got the Grilled Spanish Mackerel which was listed as one of the seasonal sandwiches. Had this meal not been sandwiched between two pork heavy meals (no pun intended), I might have gone with the pork belly which looked wicked. yelp.com/user_local_phot… No regrets on the pork belly though as my Mackerel knocked me off my socks. The baguette was soft yet firm enough to keep it all together. Could it have been crunchier on the outside? Yes. Do I care? No. It did it's job. The cucumber, carrot and cilantro tasted fresh and the sauces worked great with the veggies and the fish. It's sweet, it's spicy, it's savory - it's everything you want in a good sandwich. My friend did get the pork belly with a grilled corn on the cob on the side. I didn't sample his food but he said he loved it. Judging by the ferocity with which he devoured his food, I believe him. Prices are pretty standard for Manhattan though I may have to order a side or even a 2nd sandwich if I am really hungry - which is why they lose a star, but that's not gonna stop me from coming back here for more.
Just tried Num Pang for the first time and ordered their Pork Belly sandwich.  It's like a Cubano and a Banh Mi hooked up and had a Num Pang baby.
Slipping big time.... This place is very good, but, you're only as good as your last sandwich/salad.  Num Pang has been on my regular midtown work week lunch rotation for some time, but, could be removed from my list. Recently have been ordering salads here relatively frequently.  Started with the shrimp salad which is excellent, then migrated to the roast chicken salad.  However, the roast chicken salad, which the first couple of times I had was delicious / very high quality, has deteriorated massively.   Specifically, formerly fresh grilled chicken with nice char/texture, and some marinade/sauce on it, is now a fatty cold mess.  Pieces of the chicken inedible.  No more texture, no more sauce.  Almost looks like they are mailing it in, pre-making chicken ahead of time to increase customer turnover.  Actual chicken quality has also gone way down hill.  It used to be a nice piece of thigh meat, little fat.  Now it's a disgusting blob...... Get your sh*t together Num Pang.  Don't let the success go to your head....cause there are plenty of options on midtown.
Between this location and the one on 12th, I've eaten close to 20 Num Pang sandwiches over the course of 3 months. Each time is still amazing. Best sandwiches of my life, hands down. Although I've had almost every one and loved them all, my personal favorites are the pork belly + pear, coconut shrimp, and bacon peach. Always with a blood orange lemonade. Even during the lunch rush, they've managed to figure out a system that gets you from the back of the 10-deep line to eating in 15 minutes. Staff is lovely, too :)
There was Not 1, Not 2, 3..! Maybe 4-5 Slices of Pork Belly in My Special Sammy 5 Spice Pork Belly Sandwich!!!! Because after I saw 2-3 Slices I just attacked it like a T-Rex! Having read the Yelp Review of the day yesterday, and being that it was so close to work, I was convinced to have it for lunch and it was well worth the wait! SERVICE: I imagined it more like a hole in the wall stand outside and order place, but it was a little bit more furnished and had more square footage than I thought. You do still order at a window, but you are inside a covered area and there is a lobby area to wait for your order to come out. Overall, they are decently fast, and I definitely came at a high volume order time so it wasn't terrible at all.  They had two cashiers, two expediters and an assembly line for making and delivering the orders. One of the expediters was definitely the owner/manager being Vietnamese and looking in charge, but in my opinion, nothing still beats a Vietnamese Grandma Assembly line LOL! They have their stuff down and can pump banh mis out faster and in high quality than any one else imo! There are a few good ones in the China Town area. But for this area, not bad Num Pang. FOOD: It was so heavenly and divine. I mean, what gets better than pork belly? Soft, Tender, fatty! OMG! WOOT! I've only had that sammy but i can tell you, some people prefer baguettes and that crunch you get and I am one of those people. Instead of an american toasted sandwich this was definitely a nice change to that.  Then you have your traditional Vietnamese flavors along with some mayo based sauce, picked veggies(cilantro, carrots and some cucumbers) but there seems to be a twist with every sandwich. The twist with mine was they put slices of asian pear!!@! Oh man, that was so refreshing! Asian pear is already an expensive fruit and for them to do that and incorporate it into their menu is ballsy imo. But maybe thats why it's a seasonal sandwich! Go big or go home right?  The pear gave a nice sweet and light contrast to the greasy and heavy flavored pork and wasn't too soft that it tasted like mush nor too crunchy that it was hard to eat and gave a bad texture in the mouth. This is a must sandwich to have imo! 5 SPICE PORK BELLY! GET IT NOW! lol. I am left wanting with more. I probably could eat another half sandwich or so, but its ok...It'll help with me controlling my portion sizes and not over eating : D ATMOSPHERE: A nice place to order and go. Trendy and very open floor plan style. You can see them expediting the order and making everything. They definitely have a more modern take on banh mis which is very common with these upcoming generation of Vietnamese and I have no problem with that. Don't expect to come here and eat (even outside) there is no room to sit. There are counters but they are bombarded by people standing and waiting. SUMMARY: If you are in this area a lot and are banh mi deprived, this is the place to go! AND if you just want a good sammy, this is the place to go! I suggest starting with the 5 Spice Pork Belly...You will NOT  be disappointed.
I admit it. I'm a picky eater. I don't really like mayo or mustard and am not a big fan of cilantro, parsley or other green stuff on my sandwiches. So when I saw a few negative reviews criticizing Num Pang for not allowing substitutions or changes to their sandwiches, I must confess to be slightly nervous about navigating the menu. I walked in and asked a few fellow patrons what they typically order and immediately got five different responses. C'mon fellas, I'm looking for a consensus 'best' sandwich and now I have an even tougher decision facing me. Despite being a huge shrimp (see what I did there?) fan, I just couldn't risk doing a shrimp sandwich on my first visit. I announced myself to the girl at the register as a Noob and asked for a recommendation or for the most popular sandwich. She didn't hesitate and recommended the pork belly. I've probably had three pork belly sandwiches in my entire life, but one thing I've learned in my old age is to trust the people who work there so long as they aren't on commission (waiters). Just to be certain the Yelp-Num-Pang-complainers were accurate, I DID ask if they could leave off the cilantro and the woman proudly told me 'No changes'. I ordered a 'fresh' strawberry-lemonade as my beverage and waited about 5-6 minutes for my sandwich. They handed it to me and I walked to the wooden ledge that surrounds the waiting area (no tables here) and opened it up and scraped off all of the cilantro with my finger. So you see, you actually CAN change the sandwich! It was definitely love at first bite. I sunk my teeth into the amazing bread and from that moment, I absolutely inhaled the sandwich in less time than it takes California Chrome to win the Kentucky Derby. On my next visit, I dared to be different and ordered the meatball sandwich. Again, it was magical. So here it is: Food: 5 Stars Staff: 3 Stars Ambience: 3 Stars
Best sandwiches in the city. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu (even the tofu - I've had it, it's good!), but newbies should try their Duroc Pork. Also get the corn. You're welcome. Only downside to the space is that there's not much eat-in room. Would be nice if there were a couple of bar tops. Also, the rush hour is 12:15 - 1pm where there could be a line out the door. Get there early or come late.
I was on my way to the train station when I spotted this place.  It was after the lunch rush so I missed the specials.  I ended up ordering the roasted chicken chimi sandwich, which I added a chilli spice to--it has a great kick too.  (They have pre-packed spices for patrons out on the counter for you to grab and go when you get your order).  While the space is standing only, it's colorful, bright with a fun graffitied wall.  Since I ordered my sandwich after the lunch rush, I really can't speak on wait time.  The roasted chicken was succulent and packed with flavorful, fresh vegetables and ingredients: cucumber slices and shredded carrots with a serving of a spicy paste slathered on toasted baguettes.  Roasted chicken chimi makes my tummy very happy!
Been watching the lines at lunch go around the corner. Decided to give then a try. Not disappointed. ..  Had the coconut tiger shrimp. It was excellent. A little pricey. But for what u get. It hit the spot.
This place was incredible. I've only been once, but I was pleasantly surprised. I had the ginger brisket sandwich. It was messy, but easy to eat. Can't wait to go back. I wish they had seating though.
I can't get enough.  Pork Belly was great.
My wife and I were on a long weekend vacation in Manhattan and I was dead tired from walking 18 miles that day. In the hotel room, my wife said that there was a 4 star Yelp review sandwich shop nearby our hotel. Score! Let's go! We walked a few blocks and there were a few choices that looked good, the chicken, the pork belly, but I heard the pulled pork sandwich was awesome. The counter chick rang me up for 6 bucks and I had my sandwich in about 3 minutes. They had Sriracha in small little to go containers. Awesome. I would have liked to have a little room to sit down and have my meal, but all they had was a counter, so we took it back to the hotel. The servers were very nice and had a smile. One of the ladies gave me the wrong order and realized it after the lady that took my order pointed it out.  She said, "This one has more meat on it!" as she handed me my real order. Pretty cute. We stopped at a CVS on the way home for a 6 pack of good beer, but I was afraid my 5 star sandwich was cooling down! We got back to the hotel and I cracked open a hoppy Sam Adams and took a bite of the crispy bun Cambodian pulled pork with awesome veggies. So good. I wish it were a little warmer, but I knew it was awesome with each bite and it was my fault it was just kind of warm. The pork wasn't too salty and the bun was crispy, yet chewy. The shredded greens and carrots just added to all the flavor. There are about 4 or 5 of these around the city. Highly recommended!
Breakdown: Value: 1/2 - It's a bit pricey for a 6" sandwich Quality: 2/2 - The flavors are great - tasty and unique Service: 1/1 - Fast and furious take out/away service I've had the brisket, pork belly, and (new) spare rib sandwich from Num Pang.  The first time I tried their food down in Union Square (pulled Duroc pork), I actually wasn't impressed.  Back then I was in love with banh mi and I compared the Cambodian sandwich to that and there wasn't enough of the spice and flavor that I was looking for back then.  Now that I have a broader palate (and also focusing on their special sandwiches), I have to say that I am a fan of Num Pang.  The 3 specialty sandwiches were overflowing with flavor, the bread was perfectly toasted and did not scratch up my mouth (an issue with the baguettes in banh mi sometimes), the cucumber and carrots help to balance the meat and sauce and add a little crunch to the sandwich.  Overall, excellent sandwiches in terms of construction, taste, technique. The only issue I have is that, in my opinion, the food is a bit pricey -- $9 for a 6" sandwich.  It's not quite filling for me (athletic guy, reasonably high metabolism) and I often get hungry again in the afternoon on sandwich alone.  Will that keep me away from Num Pang? No. But it will affect how often I come back to Num Pang.
Pork Belly sammy is AWESOME! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu items!
Where to start, I ordered a ginger brisket sandwich and it was absolutely incredible! The bread was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, the beef was well cooked and the touch of ginger just took it to a whole other level. I would come back here anytime I'm in NY. Also tasted a fish salad but it was way too bitter and salty - I couldn't have more than a few bites. The corn was interesting, but Id still rather eat a plain piece of grilled corn. The coconut didn't add that much to it, and I'm a huge coconut fan! And had the roasted vegetables - these were just sad and miserable, way too soggy and not enough shape or form. I still give this place 5 stars because the sandwich was perfect!
I have yet to order a sandwich from here I haven't liked.  I can be picky when it comes to meat, so I haven't had the pork belly which everyone raves about, but I've been told first hand it's really good.  They don't allow any substitutions, but the combo of spicy mayo, cucumber, pickled carrots and cilantro has gone great with every sandwich I've tired.  My go to sandwich is the mackerel, but the veal meatballs, tofu, cauliflower, and yam are all great as well.  Hands down I would say their special sandwich last summer, bacon and grilled peaches, was the best one, and I'm hoping they are planning on bringing it back again this year.  I haven't tried any of the sides, but their drinks are good!  The blood orange lemonade is good, but tart, you'll be surprised if you're expecting sweet.  The watermelon juice also is really good, like a piece of watermelon pureed. There is no seating, only a window where you order and a counter space where you can pick up your food.  When it's  nice out there is an outdoor plaza right next door that you can sit and eat out, but for now usually I'll just pick it up and bring it back with me.
Gotta love this place. The sandwiches are outstanding, from the bread to the quality of the meat. I've tried almost every sandwich here, and each one is just as delicious as the last. My favorite is (obviously) the pork belly, but the chicken is surprisingly good, too. The pickles they serve here are fantastic, and I love the fruit salad, too, mostly because it has lychee in it. Not only do they have great food, but they deliver all over Midtown, so even if you're not close by, you can still get your banh mi fix.
Craving Vietnamese hoagies in Midtown can be a nightmare. So when a co-worker mentioned Num Pang I was definitely in. My advice is to order online and then pick it up. Trust me, you won't want to deal with the long line and waiting around afterwards. Num Pang has some out-of-the-box, well thought out Vietnamese sandwiches. I ordered the Hoisin Meatball version and liked the flavor combination, the meatballs were moist. Definitely try this one if you're not going to order the classic. Check out my full review with pictures on my blog: midtowntakeout.blogspot.…
I was really excited to try this place on my trip to NYC. It did not disappoint!!! I shared a few sandwiches. The pork belly, steak, and the catfish. OMG I fell in love with the fish and steak. The pork was my least favorite but it was still very good. I wish they had Cambodian sandwiches in San Diego but sadly we only have Vietnamese sandwiches that do not come close to Num Pang.
had the pork belly sandwich. nice but not very big. our office girl went to pick up.
BEST. SANDWICHES. EVER! I'm not a sandwich person, so it's saying a lot about how much I LOOOOOVE their sandwiches! I always get the yam one in Union Sq, and I just fell in love with the tiger shrimp one.  Go there and prepare your taste buds to go to a party :)
Pork belly sandwich to go somehow stayed warm over 7 blocks. Whaaaaaaat? Sandwich itself was good but coulda used a little more flavoring. Luckily grabbed a bunch of Sriracha sauce. Watermelon juice called to me but they were out. Seasonal? Next best thing: orange soda. Friend's brisket reportedly delicious.
The Cooking Channel sold me on this one during one of the episodes of Unique Eats. At first, i dismissed it as a knock-off from Banh Mi sandwiches but you know what, I figure let me see what the craze is all about. I tried the highly recommended Five Spice pork belly sandwich with slices of Asian pears. For $9, you get a little more than half of a baguette sandwich stuffed with carrots, cucumbers, asian pears and a nice, juicy chunk of pork belly. The chili mayo sauce was the secret ingredient that made this sandwich somewhat different from a Banh Mi. I also love that the bread is crusty. it ain't a baguette if it's not crusty on the outside. Overall, the sandwich is as good as it gets but i wouldn't say it is the best sandwich i have ever eaten. It is different and for a midtown lunch spot, I rather spend $9 on a Num Pang sandwich than on a mediocre chicken caesar wrap from a deli. The line can be long but goes by pretty quickly.  Good luck finding a spot to eat inside.
If you are near 42nd st and looking for a cheap quick place to eat this place is a good pick. I was torn between the pork belly and coconut shrimp. Decided to go with the pork belly. It came in a generous portion with lots of meat and tasty veggies.  Very rewarding sandwich. The blood orange tea wasn't that memorable. Only downside is there aren't any seating arrangement inside (only chairs outside in the warm weather).
This little sandwich shop is the real deal. Its standing only - no chairs - but dont let that stop you. I had the 5spice Pork belly sandwich and it was spot on. The flavors are all there to hit the spot with plenty of sriracha around to give a nice little heat. Ill be back because the menu is full of great choices - catfish, tiger shrimp, hoison meatballs, ginger barbeque brisket. See what I mean?
My review is purely for the bbq ginger brisket. It was a great sandwich, but it had huge chunks of fat in it that I had no interest in eating. I spent half the time picking apart the brisket trying to get the good bites. I definitely want to go back and try other sandwiches, and it is partly my fault, brisket is very hit or miss.
The Coconut Tiger Shrimp Sandwich sandwich was seriously amazing (All Sandwiches Are Served With Cucumber, Pickled Carrots, Cilantro And Chili Mayo On Bread Baked Fresh Daily In NYC). The chili mayo gives it just enough spice! Upon arrival you wait in line inside a roped area. There are menus posted for you to ogle at before ordering at the window. I happened to wait on a short line that moved quickly. After ordering I waited inside for my food, which also went pretty fast. I was surprised at how satisfying the sandwich was. Unfortunately, I will only be able to treat myself on occasion or else I will become super fat on all that bread. They do have a salad option, but it's pricier than the sandwich at $11.25. Damn nyc prices (sandwich was $10.25). I will definitely be back at some point to try the Catfish Sandwich. Really delicious. Can't go wrong if you want to grab something and go!
I went here for lunch and had the pork belly sandwich and watermelon juice.  I used to drink watermelon juice all the time while I was traveling through South East Asia so I am always thrilled an opportunity to drink it in the States.  The pork belly sandwich was good as well, but very fatty.  Considering I was eating pork belly, which is where bacon comes from, I should not be surprised at the fattiness of the meat.  But each time I had a bite of a more fatty piece it did bring down the taste of the entire sandwich.  The bites of the non-fatty bits were definitely delicious though. It was nice to try one of their sandwiches but I probably won't be back again.
i ordered the popular five spice pork belly sandwich. Very flavorful and juicy. i especially loved the tangy carrot slices in it.  it was a nice lunch experience. Wish they had some seating space.
(no alcohol) 5-spice glazed pork belly: amazing; generous portion; tender and crisp at the same time; truly memorable. Ginger BBQ brisket: ok, meat kinda dry.
The pork belly sandwich is like heaven. Perfectly seasoned fatty goodness balanced by shredded veggies and just the right amount of spice. But wait there's more! Don't leave without trying the corn! These are the most creatively dressed grilled kernels in the city. Coconut, chili and special sauce on your corn? Yes please! I will sit outside and freeze my buns off for this yummy treat any day!
This place is the real deal. Best eclectic sandwich in Manhattan. The skirt steak and the pulled pork have been my favorite so far but everything I have had was good.
Freaking delicious.  Had the 5 spice pork belly, kinda like a Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi) but offers a lot more flavor and juices.  There was pork belly in every bite and I really dug the pickled veggies.  Not sure if this is really Cambodian inspired, like I said earlier, I think of Vietnamese cuisine when I ate here but who cares? As long as it's good right? I would have posted a picture but there was NO TIME FOR THAT. Had to eat and once I started, I couldn't stop for anything.
Mmmmm, just thinking about the pork belly sandwich has me hungry at 3:30. Seriously, unless you keep kosher, get the pork belly. I had never had it before and I was shocked at how delicious it is! $8.50 seems like a steal! Be warned, this shit is messy! You'll get yummy chili mayo all over, hopefully avoiding white pants, but it's worth it! The bluefish is also pretty damn good, AND actually blue! Corn is also out of this world, sweet, salty, cheesy goodness. I also have on good authority that the soups are bomb.com as is the classic steak sandwich. Be sure to grab extra Siracha in the little to go cups, def come in handy! They do have special sandwiches, usually made by fancypants chefs, that sell out immediately. Like, I seriously called RIGHT when they opened to try and score some and they were already out!! That being said, I know some people order ahead and pick it up, but there's something exciting about waiting in line. There's a feeling of not only complete and total hunger, but everyone is also salivating at how good they know this sandwich will be! Def worth the wait!
seemingly small sammiches pack a flavorful punch. delicious and filling. buy one, enjoy it in bryant park in the lovely weather.   my favorite is the pork belly.. but it's always so hard to choose..!
This was my go-to catering spot if I wanted to hold a meeting and be sure that people would actually attend. I didn't even need to say what the meeting was about - just that we'd be serving Num Pang. You can ask them to cut the sandwiches up so that people can sample a few. Order more than you think you need. This was the only place I ever ordered from where there were never any leftovers. I think they run most of the catering out of the Times Square location now. Meat eater and vegetarian friendly. 5 spice pork belly and roasted cauliflower are both out of this world. The corn is ridiculous. Lines are very long at traditional lunch times, so I'd go early or late (though they sometimes run out of things in the afternoon).
Went for a quick late lunch with my boyfriend.  The place is totally empty around 3pm, but still clean and inviting - none of that after-lunch-destruction that a lot of places in midtown get.  We got a couple of sodas from their truly awesome selection and Pulled Duroc Pork sandwiches.  Hands down the best lunch I have gotten in this neighborhood.  Delicious and just the right amount of spiciness.   Perfect quick lunch place.  Delicious, cheap (less than $20 for 2 people), and to-go containers of Sriracha?!? What more could you possibly want in this world?
One of the best sandwiches that I had. Very tasty sandwiches. This is definitely a place where you go for the taste but not for the potion. Portion wasn't bad at all, but it wasn't big either. Add this to your New York food tour, you won't be disappointed. One note, this is a grab-n-go place, so don't expect a table to sit and eat. This was one of my food highlights in a 2-week NYC vacation
I have one word to say..." Amazing. The bread was freshly baked. The meat was full of flavor. The service and good.
I had lunch here per recommendation of a local.  I have to say, it is unique and delicious!  I had the Pork Belly sandwich, with a side of corn and a blood orange lemonade.  The sandwich was layered with flavor, t he corn was unique, and the lemonade was refreshing.  I will defiantly be back for more! The place had a line out the door, but the kitchen was fast and i had my order in a matter of minutes.
I like the BBQ Pork sandwich over the Pull Pork. The sandwich is a cute shorter bun.  Guys may need two to stop the sound from their stomach.
Can you go wrong with a place that has more than 250 5-star reviews? Probably, but not in this case. Both the 5 spice pork belly, and the roasted cauliflower were superb. It's not that hard to hit home runs with pork belly, but to crush it with cauliflower, too? They do. I shall return. Again, and again, and again...
So far, I only LOVE LOVE LOVE their Coconut Tiger Shrimp for $8.40!  I've tried the Roasted Chicken "Chimi" and it was nothing special so the shrimp is my go-to if there isn't something else on the menu I want to try.  The shrimps are large and cooked perfectly.  It is very rich in coconut creaminess which goes well with the big heaping of Sriracha I spread inside before eating.  There's a generous amount of pickled carrots, 2 slices of cucumber, and my fave...cilantro.  Everything meshes so well on the bread.  So soft in the inside yet so crunchy on the outside.   The lunch crowd can get quite large depending when you go.  I think it's dependent on the weather because there is limited space for waiting inside once your order is placed.  It's always packed even when there isn't a line.  The line is outside so be prepared to wait anywhere between 2min to 20min.  Overall, great lunch spot every once in a while.
Yum, you haven't been to NYC until you've eaten here.
I just finished eating the catfish sandwich. It was the best sandwich I have ever had. So tasty and fresh - though those words don't even begin to do justice to its yumminess. I think I'm going to order this same sandwich every day for the next week!
I love it. I mean, seriously, I find myself day dreaming about num pang sandwiches when ever I'm not eating them.  Sometimes when friends are talking I want to hijack the conversation and say "yeah, totally, oh and we should go to Num Pang right now". Basically the ideal meal for breakfast lunch or dinner as far as I'm concerned. It would be 5 stars easily, but I always want a side with my sandwich and don't love the options.  For sides you can either get pickles (aren't those already on my sandwich?) or like massive $6 sides.   Come on NP, I just want to give you an extra buck or two for some small little slice of tasty to eat around 4pm when my stomach gets lonely.
The pork belly sandwich was quite tasty, although the meat was a little dry. The cold lemon soup was too sweet for my taste. Next time I'll just get the sandwich.
Sweet 'n (Somewhat) Spicy In a nutshell: Five Spice Pork Belly Sandwich + Hot and Sour Chicken Soup = Nice Lunch on the Go Num Pang seems to be aimed for those willing to surprise their gustatory receptors without getting too exotic. If you're from outside Manhattan, you may find the pricing a bit discomforting...but compared to what's around, this a great value. The sriracha provided on the side with the sandwich wasn't as spicy as I'd hope it to be, though.
This location has saved my life so many times! The delivery is lightning fast! I work near Bryant Park and usually love walking over (on a nice weather day) to grab a tasty sandwich from Num Pang. My favorites are: Peppercorn Catfish (not fishy, tender meat, with a zing - although lately it's been a tad salty) 5-Spice Glazed Pork Belly (pickled Asian pear and tender flavorful pork belly - I'm always in heaven - the quality of the ingredients used and the flavor is key) My colleagues love the Hoisin Veal Meatballs and we've all tried the Coconut Tiger Shrimp and Mackerel to slightly less exclamatory praise, but still enjoyed! Lastly, don't forget to get the corn. One week I came here 5 days in a row, and by the 3rd day, the guys at Num Pang figured me out (I was hooked!) and they threw in some roasted corn. Let's just say it was love at first bite :).
I really needed a banh mi sandwich this morning.  I relocated to Manhattan from Jackson Heights and am used to getting extra cheap banh mi at Joju in Elmhurst.  Alas there is nothing in my new neighborhood so I got on here looking for options.  I was interested in trying Num Pang because it was listed in the "Best of" Village Voice 2012 as the best "Cambodian" restaurant.   In quotes because because this really isn't a Cambodian restaurant, as VV ackowledged. I would give this place five stars because the only thing I care about is flavor and the five spice pork belly sandwich was absolutely delicious.  However I just can't get over the fact that I got half the sandwich I would've (ok maybe 2/3) that I would've gotten at Joju for 1.75 the cost! I'll be back for more though.  Yes I will.
****************Want to get $5 off your first purchase here? Read my review below for details! The sandwiches here are okay. I am used to pay $3-$4 for a Vietnamese sandwich when I was in Seattle. So I guess I was expecting a bit more when I pay $9 for a Cambodian (similar to Vietnamese style ) sandwich. I came here because I have never heard of Cambodian sandwiches before. Looking at pictures, they are very similar to Vietnamese sandwiches. The differences might be how they cut the meat. Here at this shop, they gave you a whole chunk of meat. At majority of the Vietnamese sandwich shops in Seattle, they actually cut the meat into tiny slices. But this might just be a minor difference. I got the seasonal sausage. I was sad because my sausage was thoroughly burnt. That was disappointing. I do like the carrot slices and cilantro though! Very juicy and flavorful! The cashier who rang me up couldn't been more off-putting. She looked like she had the worst day on the job and was very unenthusiastic. This store is tiny. It is a grab and go place. They don't have any chairs or tables. They do have free iced water. I don't think they have a bathroom for customers. One thing I like about this store is that they accept LevelUp. To get $8 off your first purchase here, see instructions below, ********************If you are interested in joining LevelUp and pay with your smartphone when you eat here, you can download the app and use my promo code 3O826G and get instant $5 on your purchase here. (Plus a one-time $3 off additional coupon at Num Pang! So total $8 off your first purchase at Num Pang!) Just download the app and when you join, enter the promo code to get the $5 reward. It is super convenient! Here is a link on how LevelUp works: thelevelup.com Here is my LevelUp Referral Link: thelevelup.com/c/3O826G
Fantastic Sandwich!! I got the pork belly sandwich and was not disappointed. Crusty long bread, and delicious bbqish pork belly with cilantro etc. Also got a corn on the cobb blackened with coconut cajun sauce on it? Whole thing was like 13 bucks. So good.
The pork belly sandwich was delicious!  I think I've found my new favorite lunch spot.
Have you ever eaten something so fatty that your muscles immediately went weak and your cerebral system began to shut down? That's the reaction that happened after I had the 5 Spice Glazed Pork Belly sandwich here.  It was a little too salty and my I could feel my heart slow after.  Don't get me wrong!  I'm a huge fan of pork belly and my share of unhealthy foods.  I had never found anything that was just a little too much though...  until now. Ultimately, I think I would go back to try something else.  I hear the mackarel/fish sandwiches are better! So I think it's worth a try. Environment:  casual and funky.  They had some awesome graffiti art inside. Price:  Great, very inexpensive Service:  A little off.  Maybe it was just this cashier, but she looked at me all weird when I asked for her opinion on what to get.  Then she proceeded to lead me towards the heart attack.
Just plain and simple amazing sandwich. The price is reasonable, the taste is fantastic, and free water. This place cannot be beat.
I'm not big on sandwiches, so you know it means something that I crave Num Pang's. Finally tried their pork belly + pear, which is why I'm bumping them up to 5 stars. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had! Already plotting my next sandwich...
I ordered pork belly and duruc pork sandwiches...piggy me, I ate both sandwiches at once.  I slightly preferred the pork belly over duruc.  The line moved very quickly and ordering was efficient and easy.  The only reason why I only gave 4 star is the price.  Given that I can get a good sandwiches with more ingredients(like cheese) for about the same prices, I feel like Num Pang's prices should be slightly lower.
Great addition to the neighborhood as there isn't any sort of place like this in the area.   Tried the pulled pork sandwich.  Good portion, great flavors, local ingredients, good price.  I think all the sandwiches range b/w $7-$9 which is pretty good in my book for a more gourmet sandwich.  The bread is from Parisi bakery and the meet wasn't some cheap fatty meat. The only knock is you can't modify the sandwich at all.  Mine came with chili mayo and I'm not a mayo person so I had to scrape it off. Boo. There are no seats to sit down but if you walk around the corner there is a little courtyard in front of an office building where you can sit.
I absolutely love Bahn Mi's and have eaten tons of them. I was excited when one of my childhood friend's, strongly recommended this place. He works in the area and kept raving about. So after work one day I decided to check it out. My first experience walking through the door was great. They were playing Nas' "One Love" on their sound system and  old skool graffiti mural on the wall. GREAT START! I enrolled a bunch of friends so we could try a few of their sandwiches: Here is a list of what was ordered (I'll break my opinion on each one shortly): -Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly w/ Pickled Asian Pear -Grilled Spanish Mackerel w/ Leeks -Coconut Tiger Shrimp w/ Toasted Coconut Flakes -Hoisin Veal Meatballs w/ Jasmine Rice, Basil, and Stewed tomatoes - Peppercorn catfish w/ house made sweet soy sauce -Boneless Spare Ribs w/ spicy tamarind glaze 1. Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly w/ Pickled Asian Pear: Okay let me start out by saying, anything with the word pork in it, and I'm ALL ABOUT IT! That being said let's start with the Pork Belly (that was my choice). The flavor was spot one with the pork belly, perfect blend of Chinese Allspice, soy, garlic and a hint of ginger. It was cooked very well, and while it was rich (as pork belly is), it wasn't overwhelming. I really enjoyed the protein in this one. The bread while not the traditional rice flour/all purpose flour that I love in Bahn Mi's was great. The bread was crusty and the inside was slightly lighter than the regular hero bread you encounter at a lot of of spots. It was toasted very well, with the small exception of the ends that got a little too crusty and tough for my taste. They get their bread from Parisi's in Little Italy. The pickled veggies in this were slightly disappointing. They only used carrots and no daikon, and the carrots were a little mushy. I feel the pickled carrot and daikon mixture are a big component of the Bahn Mi experience. The slightly sweet, and sour flavor as well as the "crunch" of the Dijon give the sandwich a freshness that's supposed contrast the savory, sometimes heavy protein. They also had fairly thick slices of Asian pear in the sandwich. I LOVED the flavor pairing of the Asian pear and pork belly, but the slices were really TOO thick, I wished they were slightly thinner (I think it would have given the sandwich a more refined feel). I did however like that they sliced the cucumbers lengthwise, normally they are slicked in long spears, but slicing it lengthwise was a great idea.  All in all I really enjoyed this, I would have liked a slightly larger portion of pork belly in the sandwich (but maybe that's just me being greedy! :) ). 2. Grilled Spanish Mackerel w/ Leeks Mackerel isn't one of my favorite fish, but it was cooked well and they gave a nice portion of fish, and the leeks were tasty as well. I apologize for not elaborating more, it just wasn't that memorable. It was AUGHT. 3. Coconut Tiger Shrimp w/ Toasted Coconut Flakes This had to be my least favorite one. The shrimp were extremely overdone and felt like rubber in my mouth, the coconut flakes were okay, but were reminiscent of a cheap macaroon. The "sauce" that it was garnished with was almost inedible. I had to wash it down with water right away or I would have had to spit it out into the garbage. 4. Housing Veal Meatballs w/ Jasmine Rice, Basil, and Stewed tomatoes The meatballs were good, great flavor, and very tender. I think the saltiness of the Housing in the meatballs works really well with the pickled carrots. 5. Peppercorn catfish w/ house made sweet soy sauce Very nice size fillet of catfish, good peppercorn flavor. Cooked well. Catfish is really a great fish to pair with bold flavors. It has an extremely moist, buttery texture and can stand up to heavy spices. I enjoyed this one. 6. Boneless Spare Ribs w/ spicy tamarind glaze The spareribs were extremely overcooked, dry, and leathery. The spicy tamarind glaze was delicious. This sandwich actually got thrown away. All in all it wasn't a great experience, the menu in concept are great, but the execution was seriously lacking. Chances are I will not return here for my Bang Mi fix. In summary ambiance is great, service is warm and friendly, but the food is seriously lacking. The absence of Dijon in all the sandwiches made them "miss their mark", their bread is great, but they REALLY need to work on their preparation of the proteins and make some refinements to their garnishes. I was extremely excited when I read their menu aniline, and left there SERIOUSLY disappointed.
This mini sub packs a knockout flavor punch! Every bite makes my taste buds do the tango as each component of this sandwich jumps out and smacks me silly! Consistently awesome; and that's why I really love this place. Here, they revolutionized the "new age flavor" meets "traditional style" Cambodian sandwich that will take you to a whole new level. If you thought you knew what num pang (literally meaning sandwich) was before, I challenge you to give this a try! These perfectly toasted fresh mini baguettes with the perfect mix of high end ingredients easily makes this hero one of New York's best eats-between-two-slices-of-bread! Each sub compliments the filling of choice with a cool crunch of cucumber, pickled carrots, and fresh cilantro. And with this list of my personal faves, just try to stop yourself from drooling with your eyes: Five-Spice Glazed Pork Belly, Coconut Tiger Shrimp, and Pulled Duroc Pork to name a few. There is a great variety at this storefront and you are more than welcome to eat your way around their pricy, but awesome menu.
It's a hidden sandwich place right outside grand central.. can I say that?? I yelp it and I found this place has really high reviews so I decided to give it a try.. Never had Cambodian Sandwich before.. It tasted like Vietnamese sandwich.. but yet different.. I ordered the grilled chicken and my friend ordered the pork belly.. I love both equally.. :) but the sandwich is kinda small.. but with this location.. 8 dollars for a sandwich is normal????? I love how the bread is crispy.. one thing tho... is pretty difficult to eat when you don't have a table in front of you.. We took it to the food court of Grand Central and eat... I think they should really have some place for you to eat here.. and service.. is a little slow for me.. but overall.. I will head back for their sandwich again.. :D
I got the Pulled Pork Classic Sandwich. It was great. Look forward to going back.
I have no idea what the difference between a Cambodian sandwich and the more popularly available bahn mi is, but it doesn't matter because this place is a hit! The pork belly and brisket sandwiches are to die for! So juicy and flavorful, and they sure do not skimp of the meat and trimmings. The line gets pretty long around lunch time, but there was a surprising amount of available seating by the time we ordered. I'd recommend ordering to stay, since the sandwiches get soggy pretty quickly so you defintiely want to eat it while it's fresh.
5 Spice Glazed Pork Belly ... ridiculous! When I first opened the sandwich container, I was like "is this it?".  Then you take it out and hold it in your hand, and you see this huge piece of Pork Belly.  It was so tender and delicious.  The baguette was fresh, the spicy mayo had some kick, and it had a good amount of veggies (carrots, cucumbers). Another place I'll miss in Midtown East!
Only of my favorite sandwich spots in the city. I've tried most of the sandwiches and I have to say they are all phenomenal. My personal favorite is the pork belly. The midtown location has no seating (unlike the 12th street one) but its still the same deliciousness that I first fell in love with. Watch out for prime lunching hours during the week - there can be a looooong line.
HOT DAMN THAT SANDWICH IS FINE!!!! A thick cut of the Five spice glazed pork belly is amazing. Warm toasted bread with siracha sauce in the middle of Manhattan is like an answered prayer. Loses a point for lack of seating but real estate is expensive in Manhattan for a shop so you cant complain to much, especially since the shop is a bit tiny. Coconut Tiger shrimp is an awesome alternate choice. The shrimps are not battered and deep fried, cooked just right with a thick sweet savory sauce.
Colleague: Wanna go to Num Pang? Me: Can you speak English pls? Not Engrish! Colleague: Its a sandwich shop. Me: Oh Vietnamese sandwich? Ok let's go. I went there. Nope its not Vietnamese, its Cambodian. There was quite a long line and there is no seating. However, the line moved fairly quickly. I had the pulled pork belly sandwich. There is a rule where you can have no substitutions, no additions, no changes. You gotta eat it the way they make it. But I still attempted to change my sandwich. They put spicy mayo in it and I can't anything spicy! Anyways, my plea was not granted. I sucked it up and took a bite. Phew, the mayo was very mild, it wasn't even spicy at all. The pulled pork was tender and juicy. I will be back to try the other sandwiches.
Man oh man is this place good.  It's a little bit farther than my normal lunch radius, but it is well worth the walk.   The roasted cauliflower and pork belly sandwiches are both very solid.  Over the summer, they had a sandwich with fresh peaches that was also delicious.  The real highlight in my opinion, though, is the Brooklyn Bangers grilled Khmer sausage sandwich.  If you are a sausage fan (and I don't know how youcannot be), then you will love this sandwich.  And I strongly recommend eating them while they are still hot, as they do lose a little bit of their flavor as they cool.   Green jasmine iced tea and watermelon ice tea (I think that's what it was over the summer) were good, but nothing to write home about.   And don't be scared by the long line.  It can get pretty enormous during the standard lunch rush hour, but it moves by very quickly and they generally get you your sandwich pretty fast.  Only complaint is that the order in which they call out numbers is sometimes all over the place, and on bad occasions, you can wait 5-10 minutes longer for your sandwich than someone else who ordered way after you.
This place is awesome!! The 5 spice pork belly is my favorite!! All of the different flavors and textures make this one of the best sandwiches in the world! I been to 3 different locations so far, and for what ever reason I think that this is the best one. Who needs to sit down when they eat anyway? The shrimp is also a great sandwich! Whenever I come to the city from LI I gotta eat here!
We got the pulled pork and the roasted cauliflower sandwich. Both were delicious. Whatever sauces they put on there, they are finger licking good. Service is quick. The only downside of the place, which is true for most of Chelsea Market, is that it is hard to find seating anywhere.
meh..i will have to stick to my viet sandwich from saigon instead.   Boneless Spare Rib one I got was a bit dry....didn't like it much. Grilled Zucchini & Summer Squash with Sweet Onions, Chive Lime Vinaigrette was a very small order for a side.  Didn't like the vinaigrette.
Love it! Tasty hoisin meatball sandwich. I make sure to take my lunch hour around 2 so I avoid the lunch rush.  Use the app and get rewards!
On my little trip to NY, I walked pass this sandwich shop and decided to go give a try. I ordered the pork belly sandwich and oh my it was very juicy, tender, full of flavor. The sauce, the meat and the pickled vegetable created the perfect sweet and sour flavor. The cool thing about this shop is that they don't have chairs! So it's cool to just stand there or lean against the counter and enjoy.
Great sandwiches, not sure I would call them banh mi per se. Had the ginger brisket. The meat was tender, had great flavor.  The roll was a bit too chewy, dense, and hefty in proportion to the rest of the sandwich - not like airy crisp banh mi sandwiches I'm used to.  There could also be more pickled veggies/mayo. But I think this could also be chalked up to to too much bread, drowning out the contents.  Watermelon juice is pureed watermelon and really nothing else, but a delicious treat to wake me up out of the dead of winter. Love that they have sriracha to go and wet naps.  Prices are a tad steep if you consider these banh mi, and if there was a Paris Baguette in Midtown (get on it, Paris!) I'd definitely opt for that instead.  But these were lovely and I'd give them another shot - esp. for the pork belly, which they were sold out of today.
Soooo good. I always get the Khmer Sausage sandwich. This (and their Flatiron location) has been one of my favorite food spots in the city for over a year now. The Flatiron location is better for groups. There's seating, and you can get some yummy Lychee Sangria!
It is truly a lucky thing that Num Pang is not near my home or work. Because if it was, I would be a very, very fat man. Daaaaymn they make some tasty sandwiches. I inhaled a catfish sandwich on the weekend and had to make a return trip for the pulled pork. Both incredibly good. Even the side of pickled veggies was delicious. Amazing flavor. Reasonable prices. Nice peeps behind the counter. Win. Win. Win.
succulent surprise in food desert of midtown find oasis here
I took my tourist friend here on a Sunday evening just 10 min before it closed. And what can I say it was soooooooOOOOO delicious! My friend was mind blown by it (she ordered grilled chicken) anyways will be coming back! Fav sandwich place
YES! I love the fact that Num Pang is now aroung the corner from my job. THANK YOU! I stepped away from the pork belly today and had the ginger barbecue brisket sandwich which was freaking bomb! Everything in it was delicious and messy. I loved the cucumbers and pickled cabbage in it as well as the cilantro and the spiced mayo. Yum! I didn't order a side, but I did order their blood orange lemonade which is more on the tart side than the sweet, but still a great accompaniment for my sandwich. I have a feeling I'll be eating here more than ever before!
YUM. I had the pork belly sandwich. What a delicious, big, juicy mess! It was so tender and flavorful. Next time, I want to try the shrimp or the hand-cut bacon!
Love the sandwiches. OK, I will admit that I am a sandwich guy; however, these Num Pang sandwiches are just ridiculous. The flavors are foreign to your mouth, but not weird--it's, in fact, delicious. Coconut tiger shrimp is a must try. I recently got the peppercorn fish. It comes off strong and tasty the first two bites, but then it tastes a little bland afterwards. Parting thought: get the corn!
OM NOM NOM. Do I really have to say more..? Upon first glance at my sandwich, I weep a little inside. It looks so delicious and juicy, yet so...tiny (that's what she said, heh heh.). But don't fret, the sandwich is both rich and filling and leaves you ready to tackle the remainder of the work day. I like how this location has little containers of sriracha and wet wipes. It's the little things that count.
awesome food- and what a surprise that it is so affordable for such high quality!  Delish and fresh- wonderful Asian flavors. YUM! You must try this place! \
Proper asian style sandwiches!  I wish there was one of these closer to work because this would be in the regular rotation for sure.  The coconut shrimp sandwich had a good amount of meat on it, good spices, and great taste.  It's a unique concept, and I hope more of 'em open up.  Note to management, 59th & Lex area please if you're reading...
Walked 6 blocks in the rain to come here for the first time and wow it was worth it. I ordered the unhealthiest thing on the menu (pork belly sandwich) and it was AWESOME!!!!. Unless you are an obese American, one of these 9 dollar sandwiches will fill you up. Got the blood orange lemonade too which was good, not sweet. Oh and did I mention they have SRIRACHA?
I tried their pork belly sandwaich, which was very tasty ! The meat was soft  and the bread was crispy. I will definitely visit here again
Fingernail in veggies. Super fatty 5 spice. Once my go-to, and first place to refer friends, now sits at the bottom of a steep hill. Be careful and don't dare modify your order.
Came here on a Monday afternoon with a friend for lunch and there was a short line forming, but the line moved quickly so there wasn't much of a wait. The cashier who took my order was very friendly and knowledgeable. There was also virtually no wait for my sandwich which was prepared lightning quick (a little scary in fact as to how fast they got to everyone's order including my own). But, of course that's not a complaint whatsoever; very appreciative in fact. The only negative was the establishment had no seating, just a small table area on the side for dining. Also, this place is conveniently located by the Grand Central Terminal station which is another plus. Now onto the food. I had the 5-spice pork belly sandwich which was pretty delicious. It was mildly spicy, barbeque goodness. The pickled pear was also a nice touch lending a tart sourness and the baguette that they use is stellar; crispy, chewy, and so fresh. Overall, a very solid ethnic sandwich shop.
Thank goodness that my office isn't closer to this sandwich shop!  It's so good!  Been craving a bahn mi sandwich for awhile now and had that craving fulfilled today.  I had the grilled corn on the cob (chili mayo, coconut flakes & chili powder)  --- DELICIOUS!!!  And after reading all of the reviews I had the Pork Belly sandwich.  The reviews were right!  Next time I am going to try the coconut shrimp sandwich and the butternut squash soup.  The service was so quick and  I really love that they play old school rap too!  I can't wait to go back!
Had a Cambodian inspired sandwich recently? No? No problem, you can just go to Num Pang Sandwich Shop at one of their five NYC stores. I stopped by their Grand Central location. It's a quick-serve environment, mainly take-out, but a couple of the locations have seating. One thing that themes all of the locations is the fun, vibrant graffiti-clad walls and the hip-hop music that you'll hear. Since it's not Burger King, they request that you don't ask to modify their sandwiches and enjoy them as they've been designed. Which, is no problem since there's really something for everyone, including great salads and sides.  I ordered Roasted Cauliflower (Cucumber, Pickled Carrots, Cilantro, Chili Mayo, Chinese and Thai Eggplant Spread, Chili Soy). This sandwich was awesome. First off, this thing is meant best for the likes of Mick Jagger or a snake with an unhinged jaw...it's huge. Once you get past the fact that you probably won't be a clean-eater, you're able to enjoy it's awesomeness. The bread is toasted, crisp on the outside, warm and pillowy on the inside. Then you have the creamy chili mayo on top of the fresh, crunchy cucumbers and pickled shredded carrots. The roasted cauliflower has a great crunch to it, but still a little bit tender on the inside. One of the most special things about this sandwich is actually the Chinese and Thai eggplant spread. I'd like to order a jar of that, please. It's savory, a little bit sweet, and has a great heat behind it.
Stumbled upon this hidden gem while shopping with a friend...really best for take out and lunch as the space is really limited to standing room. I ordered the coconut shrimp sandwich and it was really good. Sanwiches are a bit pricey only bc I'm from Queens and not used to paying $9 for a Vietnamese sandwich-I will be back to try the raved pork belly.
great banh mi style sandwiches, they are smaller and more expensive than most, but the unique high quality ingredients makes up for it. This is a MUST TRY! Grilled veggies are fresh and delicious.
I've been here twice, specifically this location. It's definitely small and could be easily missed. (now there's no scaffolding, so it's not hiding in the dark) There's no seating, so you stand and there's a small counter. Definitely a place where people just take it to go and eat at their office. (at their other locations, there are seats, so if you want to sit, eat and relax, I would NOT recommend this location) Anyway, every time that i've been here, it's like empty. So, never had a problem with crowds. Now, onto food, i think I had the pork belly the very first time I visited, which was like 2 years ago, and the second time I went was in December (2013) and I had the pull pork. In any case, they were all flavorful and had a lot of juice. Definitely tasty! I wish the sandwich was bigger! Because I'm always craving for more after i'm done eating. For me, I don't think it's filling enough. It's a good sandwich place. Something different than your everyday sandwich. I would come back if I'm ever around one. Oh, also, if you work/live near any of these locations, drop your business card, cause I think they pick one out and you get a free sandwich? or something. This is a good place to try. :)
BEST SANDWICH EVER. Trust me, I am a bahni mi enthusiast. Nothing else has ever come close. Ever. The barbecue brisket sandwich is DANK
The 5 spice pork belly sandwich was sold out so got the pulled pork. For the price I thought the sandwich was mediocre. Bread was hard n meat wasnt nearly as flavorful as I thought it would be. And it was really greasy. The bottom of the bread was soaked. For the price I could've gotten two bahn mi sandwiches down in c-town. But I guess if u are in mid town n have a craving for Asian sandwiches this will suffice. If I'm feeling adventurous I might come back n try the pork belly and see if that changes my mind.
The Pulled Duroc Pork is my favorite sandwich ever. That's right, EVER. I don't know if it's a result of having eagerly scalded my tongue too many times taking a premature bite of my food or my taste buds just get bored easily, but I like my sandwiches--and anything for that matter--to be PACKED, nay BURSTING, with vibrant crazy lip-smacking flavor. They also have great seasonal specials, for example over the summer there was the Summer Peach Bacon with grilled and roasted peach, hickory smoked bacon, scallions, jalapenos, guinness, maple, and honey glaze. If you didn't get a chance to try this, you should feel sorry for yourself. Midtown, Flatiron, Chelsea Market, Union Square, I've gone to them all. This is the only place I will return to, time and again, for lunch, for dinner, after a long day, after a good day, before an important day, with my lover, with my friend, with 10 friends, with a stranger. Anyone can join me if we're going to numpang!
Enter the gates of sandwich heaven; for reals. I am no a sandwich girl, never was, never thought I would be, until a took a bite into a Num Pang sandwich. First look and bite at one of their sandwiches convinced me they were the best sandwich creation ever created by the sandwich heavens. Took me way too long to discover this glorious sandwich shop, but I can't say I never heard of it before. I need more Num Pang in my life. Not much to say about the place itself; very simple, small shop with no seating but with really cool graffiti wall art on the walls. "Sandwich Shop" boldly reads at one wall while a hip chicken with a boombox is on another. Supposedly, I've been told lines can be intense and long here during the lunch hours, but I totally understand why. However, I made a trip over to Num Pang for a quick dinner. There were no lines, and it was nice and empty on a Thursday evening. I was extremely excited to come here on first visit, but I can say that the menu was overwhelming. Not so overwhelming in the sense that the menu was huge. While there were maybe about 20 choices, everything on the menu read and sounded mouth-watering good. Between the Peppercorn Catfish, I decided to go with the seasonal special Five Spice Glazed Pork Belly, and that was indeed an excellent choice. After about a 10 minute wait, I finally got my sandwich, dumped generous amounts of Sriracha sauce, took a bite, died, and went to heaven. The sandwich itself looks amazing and is as wonderful when it comes to taste (see photo). Soft, chewy, glistening on the surface glazed pork belly comes with a topping of shredded carrots, cilantro, pickled Asian pear, and cucumber. While it was slightly heavy on price -- $8.50 (and all the sandwiches are about $8 and over), it was worth every dime and penny. The pork was not skimpy. They give one big fat slab or two of juicy pork, and it is absolutely tasty. The bread was crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside; super-fresh bread. Lastly, you MUST put Sriracha sauce on your sandwich. I cannot emphasize this more. It is that much better with it. While there are only a few Num Pang shops in the city, this is the closest to my office. I may just have to come back here for lunch and/or dinner one day and again, just to get my hands on all their other sandwich delights. If anything, try to get the glazed pork belly if you're a pork lover. All in all, this was a life-changing food experience. I was highly satisfied with Num Pang, and I can verify that all the hype was true. Pricing and waiting in lines could be worth it because, honestly, it will make your day so much better.
Yummy! Nice alternative sandwiches. I had the shrimp coconut. Loved the spicy mayo and toasted bun. I heard people raving about the pork sandwich.
As almost all the other reviews will tell you, the pork belly sandwich is absolutely amazing. From the bread, to the pork, to the mayo and veggies, the sandwich is both filling and delicious. Even though there is a line, you'll be in and out in about 15 or so minutes. The perfect place for lunch if you're in this part of town. Heck, it's even worth going out of your way if you aren't in this part of town.
The brisket sandwich was amazing!  Cannot wait to go back.
I got the 5 spiced pork belly sandwich, and it was damn good :).
The banh mi here is soooo delicious.  I came for the first time and got the pulled pork because they were out of brisket (which I really wanted to try).  The pulled pork was still mouth watering and just as good as I wanted it to be.  I also had a bite of my friend's coconut shrimp and really liked it.  If I had been in the mood for shrimp, I would have definitely gone for that.  As a side, I also tried the grilled corn on the cobb.  This corn, and I'm already obsessed with corn to begin with, was amazingggg.  The chili mayo mixed with the coconut flakes made it unlike any other corn I've ever had.  Definitely coming back here to try the brisket and eat more delicious corn!
Hoisin meatball is  favorite but they did not cut it today, the bun was soggy and stuck to the paper and meatballs fell out - disappointed.
Pork belly sandwich was SOOO GOOD! Also add some hot sauce for some spicy kick! Also, the lemonade was very good, had alot of tart flavor.
This place ranks up there with Animal in LA for food establishments that make my blood boil.  I walked in the other day at 3:30pm and I was the only person in the shop.  My order: pork belly sandwich, hold the chili mayo.  The person who took my order said they can't and then I saw the sign that said "Our sandwiches are made for you to enjoy just the way they are....No alterations, no substitutions, no modifications of any kind." I responded that I don't like mayonnaise and that I don't want the sandwich then.  She then told me I could get "chili yogurt" - So I had to threaten to leave before being told a potential solution?  - Sheer lunacy.I i tasted the pork and it was fine - had that typical fish sauce, palm sugar combo that you can readily find in manhattan if you know where to look.  It's not as if it was the greatest most unique flavor to cross my lips.  And it certainly wasn't good enough for me to say, wow chef, you're right and I was wrong - that sandwich desperately needs a creamy component to be complete. The only impression I left with was one that this place obviously doesn't give a rat's arse about their customers.  And this place is a far cry from a Michelin 3-star resto.  The sheer obnoxiousness of their sign is so condescending that I would never recommend this place to anyone ever. My palette is pretty sophisticated and I don't care how you envision your sandwich.  If that's a deal breaker for you, that's fine.  Just don't expect my business.
Num pang is a great addition to the midtown lunch scene and also a great place for a late-night snack. Sandwiches are roughly 5-inches and around $8, but they are filled with delicious, fresh, homemade ingredients. They are more filling than they appear. The sides are also delicious but pricey (roasted winter vegetables $6). They have a great drink selection of unusual or local sodas and fresh juices. I just tried the hot ginger apple cider and it was terrific! Order online or expect to wait about 10 minutes at the store.
Amazing chicken sandwich. Always flavorful. I ordered on their website today and they delivered in 15 minutes. I was amazed!! This was at 1230 pm in Midtown.
I had the pork belly. It was full of flavor and fresh. I would recommend to all pork lovers. The space was clean and customer service was fair. The only downside was there was no seating for customers who wanted to stay and eat. There was a small space to eat your sandwich but because I went during the lunch rush. There was not room for me to stay and eat.
Really, really good  sandwiches, quality ingredients, interesting combinations, good selection. I could easily say 4.5 stars... my issue is not with the quality it is with the quantity.   I would gladly pay more for a larger sandwich but it is not an option as they only come in one size. Sorry I just physically require more food to make it through the day.
Name should be Yum Pang. Wish they had pho...
The sandwich is good. Too bad I only finished it in three bites. My coconut tiger shrimp sandwich was $11.45 with very little shrimp. For that price I expect much more. My experience here was just ok.
Interesting concept.  I went in with high hopes of a traditional Vietnamese sandwich and was a little surprised by what came out. I ordered the BBQ pulled pork because I was told that was the "closest" to a traditional Vietnamese sandwich.  As far as sandwiches go, yes it was tasty, but it definitely was nothing like a traditional Vietnamese sandwich. My boyfriend ordered a pork belly sandwich. This had much more flavor than the pulled pork. Love the sweet, tangy and salty combination of flavors. I'm more of a purest when it comes to Vietnamese types sandwiches, hence not 5 stars in my book, but still a very good quick lunch or grab and go option.
One of the best sandwich restaurants that I have eaten at.  There is no seating though.
This place has awesome food but small portions with expensive prices.  Be prepared to pay 10 bucks for a sandwich that would cost 5 in Brooklyn.  I had the coconut shrimp sandwich with a side of red curry soup.  The shrimp sandwich was amazing.  The shrimp was crispy on the outside and had all the right ingredients accenting it.  The curry red soup was awesome and had some kick (spice).  I like to add a little more hot sauce to kick it up a notch (love spicey).  Over all the food is great but the portion sizes suck considering the prices. I would come back though because I work across the street.
It was our last day in New York City. *cries* We were trying to figure out where to eat prior to us jumping on the bus to head to EWR. I remembered reading about this place prior to leaving for New York City and thought to myself that it would be awesome to eat here. Awesomely enough, the bus that we were going to hop on was literally just down the street from Num Pang Sandwich Shop! I had got myself the five-spiced glazed pork belly with the asian pear. It was soooo good. You know when the food is good when you suddenly go silent and just continue eating and it's gone in 2 minutes.   The place really reminded me of Banh Mi Boys in Toronto with its decor and the food. Guess it was a good way to easy me back home.
Delicious Cambodian-style sandwiches and enough Siracha to burn the house down. The bread is isn't super light, it's slightly dense, that's my only minor gripe.
I travel in and out of NYC quite frequently through Grand Central and let's just say I've missed a train or two because I could not leave the city before grabbing a Num Pang sandwich. Although I've never had a bad sandwich here before, the pork belly is truly my ambrosia. It's not just the bread baked and crisped to perfection on the outside while staying soft and decadent in... the combination of ingredients used for each sandwich is crafted and married perfectly with each other. Truly amazing.
Disclaimer: I've been eating sandwiches my entire life, but this is my first South-East Asian sandwich! Bread to non-bread ratio is to big for my tastes.  The bread is very good, but it has an oily or buttery taste that comes across heavy.  Not necessarily in a bad way, but it's not crispy light French baguette, the paragon of white bread.   I thought the inside was sloppy in an unfavorable way.  I got the pulled pork, so perhaps this is common, but I couldn't taste the fresh cucumber through the sauce.  Kind of a messy sandwich for me.   The sandwich left me feeling more full than I thought.  I don't know... I'm not impressed.
Would have given 4 or 5 stars but they were out of the pork belly sandwich and all the salads. That being said the berry punch was delicious, and the bluefin and leek sandwich was ok.
I feel like Num Pang sandwiches is pretty authentic when it comes to things like their sauces, spices, and sandwich toppings; which are definitely on point. I had one of their "Special Sandwiches" off the menu. I can say that it will definitely be messy and you shouldn't eat this if you don't like using your hands for food. This place is the sort of place you'd probably find in Chinatown or KTown so it was surprising to find it around 41st & Lexington Ave. The meal was overall satisfying and I would recommend it to people to try.
I wanted to give Num Pang four stars, as I like a lot of what they do, but I'll unfortunately have to give them three. So I'll talk about the less pleasing, but then finish it with more pleasing, so at least we end on a good note. Sadly, the brisket wasn't really tender. One of the reasons brisket is a difficult piece of meat to deal with, is because it can be difficult to get to that point where it falls apart in your mouth. Time helps. Maybe if they'd start the brisket an hour earlier, it would have fallen apart in my mouth, but it didn't. It was too tough. It'd be nice if the sandwich were a bit bigger too. Eight bucks for approximately a 6 inch roll is a bit skimpy. I'd have liked more pickled red cabbage, but that's not the end of the world. Having a rack of chips to choose from would have been cool too. On a nice day, having the line to order (which they got to move very quickly, hooray) outside was wonderful but I wonder how that'll fly in the winter. The bread was good. Even though the sandwich I got (Ginger Barbecue Brisket) was nice and wet, the toasted bread retained crunch. Yum. And speaking of wet, the sandwich was a little sloppy, which I appreciate. Carl Jr.'s once used the slogan "If it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face" which is a bit crude, but gets the point across... It's nice when a sandwich isn't too neat. Num Pang wins there. I'm willing to go back. I like the creativity and the taste, but a bit more refinement is needed.
Stopped in as I'm a big fan of the Asian sandwich, I tried the roasted chicken "chimi" and a side of market pickles. The sandwich was amazing, the chicken was tender and the sauce was tasty but not over-powering. I've had chimi sauce many times and can whip up a batch quickly and easily but never had it paired with green apples but will be trying it the next time i serve to friends. I would save the $ on the side of pickles as the serving was small and didn't really go with the meal. I will head back to try the others real soon.
My fave is the skirt steak sandwich*   get a side of extra spicy mayo for 25 cents.   I also have tried the pork and the hoisinmeatball and the chicken.  But I like the skirt steak best.   I was slow to adopt this place even though it is near my work.  For classic pork bahn mi I continue to favor Hancos(in Brooklyn)  but i must admit this place is very tasty and its hard to walk by without craving it.  I also like that their sandwich is not too big.   you dont go into a food coma afterwards.  its all about the ratio of the wet to the dry components and the ratio of savory to tart and the crusty bread - this place gets it right! *the skirt steak sandwich is not available at all locations I tried to order it at the chelsea market spot and they dont have it there! NOT RECEPTIVE TO CALLS TO ORDER FOR PICK UP:  be warned they are unfriendly about taking orders for pickup.  I called them to get my sandwich going before heading over but they refused saying they dont take such orders by phone unless over $20 and using credit card for payment?   I said ok I'm on my way I will be there in a minute if you want to make it and she said no you have to order it when you get here, and hung up.  So i ordered it when I got there and stood waiting while they made it.   The place was empty.  This was not a peak time for crowds at the business it was at 3pm.  seems kinda silly.  but great tasty sandwich as always.
To two half-starved people from Ohio, this place was heaven sent.  We had just gotten off the plane and didn't even to go check in before we started searching for food.  I pulled out my trusty Yelp app and there we were! I had the pulled pork and he had the short rib sandwich - both were fantastic and just the right size (not ginormous, we're not like the general Ohio population and don't need huge portions). So we may have been a little biased since we were starving...  but I call it like I taste it.  :-)
The best five spice pork belly sandwich I ever had. Amazing flavours. I loved that they have a sign saying that you can't substitute or add ingredients to the few sandwiches they're offering. That's true belief in a composition. The ice tea I had was lovely as well. You can eat your sandwich next to a massive graffiti (no seats) but it's more of a take-away.
A five star lunch!  The Pork Belly sandwich was absolutely delicious.  There was a line, and while it seemed chaotic when I walked in, it was organized chaos.  Most patrons seemed to be regulars, so they knew what they were doing and the newbies followed suit.  No seating, but I was lucky enough to find a spot on the small counter and enjoy my sandwich.  I must get back to this spot!
Small sandwich for the $8.45 you pay, but deeeeeeeeeeeelicous!  This is the 2nd time I've been to Num Pang - first location was the one close to Union Square.   This time, I tried the pork belly + pear sandwich.  Nom.  The pear definitely is the best part of this sandwich - it adds a nice crunchy texture and sweetness to the whole shabang.  The pork belly was plentiful, though the one of two giant pieces fell out during my first bite.  Next time I'll be sure to ask for extra cilantro or something because with that, it definitely hits the spot. The lines here can get pretty lengthy but it goes pretty fast.  The longest part of the wait is for your number to get called.  Nowhere to sit here, but plenty of space outside nearby for a nice lunch outdoors. 4.5 stars - minus 0.5 for what I think is a hefty price for a little sandwich.
Checked this place out while in town for the day. Hoisin Meatball sandwich was absolutely delicious. Would definitely recommend for a quick sandwich. Hopefully can try more of the menu when I come back.
Not sure what the hype is about. Got a pork belly sandwich. It was yummy, but I've had better pork belly and better sandwiches. I wish they would chop their cilantro more thoroughly. As I took a bite of the sandwich, I kept pulling out long stalks of cilantro. A little annoying!
This is one of those places where ever ingredient is thoughtfully chosen, flawlessly prepared, and carefully assembled into an outstanding dish/sandwich.  Almost like a cross between wichcraft and bon chon chicken, but better than both. ...just a touch too expensive for that last star though.
This place has awesome sandwiches and I eat there regularly. However, I can't vouch for their taste in music. While waiting for my sandwich this afternoon I was treated to a string of gangsta anthems full of ni---r this, and f--k, that and no snitch b---h, etc. Shazam said it was "August Alsina feat. Trinidad James."  The nice black lady beyond the counter was wincing at each song and I heard her tell one of the kitchen staff that the music was too vulgar for her. Management take note: Your soundtrack is offending customers and is a lawsuit waiting to happen.
Holy delish. This place my new favorite lunch spot. I've tried the Coconut shrimp, ginger BBQ brisket, and Khmer sausage and have NOT been disappointed. And the corn on the cob - I could lick the sauce off the wrapper it's that good. Just writing this review and thinking of the food has got my tummy grumbling. Warning - They don't modify their sandwiches, so if you don't like mayo or cilantro then don't go.
So last year, i tried Num Pang for the 1st time at the downtown spot. Last night, I tried out the location at 41st street. I'm so glad that they opened up a 2nd shop a few blocks from my work. Num Pang is high end banh mi sandwiches. They take it to the next level with great quality fillers. Compared to your typical banh mi, these are a bit pricey, but welcome to midtown. In addition, for the quality of the product they give you, it's still well worth every penny. Last night i tried the brisket sandwich...and WOW. SO FREAKING GOOOD. I was contemplating on getting my staple pork belly, but ehh i wanted to try new things. Love this sandwich shop. I never walked by during lunch, but I'm guessing the line is crazy long. Who knows, maybe one day i'll check it out for myself.
Stop reading and head straight to Num Pang...it's THAT good! PS: Do not leave Num Pang without ordering and trying the seasoned grilled corn along with whatever sandwich of your choice...PSS: I am not responsible for what happens to you after consuming said seasoned grilled corn and sandwich...
We went to this place because of yelp review. We brought our young children and did not know that this is a take out place. The food were okay, but most importantly I gave 1 star because of the bad service from the cashier/order taker. There was no customer when we came in due to it was Sun early evening. She had attitude when asked questions about which one not spicy. She was most interested to get us out of her hair so she can return play with the phone. I think they should not put too much pickle carrot into the sandwich. Cashier told me that they can't modify the sandwich. My husband is allergic to cilantro and she was quick to tell me that I can pick it out myself once I get the sandwich. So rude!!! She should not work there.
All the sandwiches look great, but I chose the pork belly seasonal sandwich. It was indeed delicious, albeit a bit messy. The blood orange lemonade was pretty good too. It takes a bit of time for your food to come, but it's pretty cheap and delicious, and I plan on coming back to try some of the other sandwiches.
Excellent sandwiches. I always run by here for lunch whenever I am in town. Catfish sandwich and corn on the cobb is usually the go to. Highly recommend!
I'd never heard of Vietnamese sandwiches before coming to the USA but they are awesome. The pulled pork sandwich is just amazing and so good that I've yet to try any others! Well worth a visit.
The pork belly sandwich is definitely the way to go.  I was lucky enough to beat the lunchtime crowd and didn't have to wait long for my sandwich.  The bread won't tear up the roof of your mouth like french bread, but it is just crispy/fluffy enough to thoroughly enjoy. My only "gripe" is that the sandwich runs about 8.50 and I would need at least two to fill me up.  Again, I will caveat this to say I'm from Texas and live in California...and portions are just bigger over there! Quick Tip: No substitutions (including saying, "no sauce" or "no vegetables"), so make sure you're comfortable with the ingredients in the sandwich!
YUM! Been looking for some decently priced, but good quality lunch food in Midtown East. I took the queue as a good sign. Didn't have to wait too long for my delicious pork belly sandwich! Hot, delicious bun, & well flavored. I just wish the sandwiches were as cheap as the ones IN SE Asia but the price for New York (esp. Midtown) is not bad.
Loved the tiger coconut shrimp sandwich! Perfect portions and reasonable (for NYC) prices. A lot of seating available and charger outlets!
Like: creative menu, fresh ingredients, simply delicious Dislike: not thing in particular, it's more of a take out place than eating in though. I work around the area and I am really glad that I found this place. I came here a few times thought it's a great place for take out lunch, even for people who don't eat red meat. I tried Peppercorn Catfish, Coconut Tiger Prawn and Grilled Spanish Mackerel, hmmmmm yum yum yum!!! I like the catfish and prawn very much, I think I am just not quite a mackerel person, so I am not the best person to rate the mackerel sandwich. The fish and prawn were fresh and juicy, and you got quite a lot of it as well. The source is very tasty and different from other sandwich shop. Totally recommend it!!!
i've only been here at about 6pm during the week so i've been fortunate to have missed the long lunch lines i read about.  there is often no one on line the times i've been.  the selection of sandwiches is extensive.  we've had the pulled pork, pork belly, steak, and veal meatball sandwiches.  well, i had both pork sandwiches... i like pork.  :)  i thought they were really good, but i'd choose the pulled pork over the pork belly.  and the steak was really good! if you like mayo, try the corn on the side; it apparently is swimming in it.  when asked if they could put the mayo on the side, they said no.  sorry, you lose a star for that.  with all the hundreds of little containers that the sriracha sauce is in, you can't put mayo in one of those??  ridiculous.   also, i'd like to echo a previous reviewer about how small the sandwiches are.  whenever my bf and i come here, we know we have to find dessert or something afterwards to top off the meal.   it won't keep us from going back, but it would be nice if the sandwiches were either bigger or came with something on the side. everyone who works there seems quite nice and friendly... and they have graffiti on the walls and play tupac inside.  aside from small portions, there's nothing here not to like!!
Cauliflower sandwich? Are you kidding me? It was awesome. So simple but packed with flavor. Devoured it!  Hoping the soy mayo makes it vegan but it made my veggie loving mouth very happy. Also got the curried lentil soup which was yummy but it is the sammish that sold me on this place. Update 05Feb2014 (the next day) I went again today to Num Pang because yesterday was too good. Today tried the Japanese yam sandwich, kale and apple salad, and the ginger apple cider. I originally gave the place 4 stars but thinking more it deserves 5. Normally I get so sick of sandwich shops because the only choice is the mozzarella/tomato basil sandwich for veggie eaters. But this place goes way beyond with the selection and choice of veggie sandwiches which I greatly appreciate. Still like the cauliflower sammie over the yam sammie. The kale salad had a bit too much dressing for me (but both still excellent) and the ginger apple cider is super super gingery but oddly addicting. Good for the cold NYC weather. Co-worker had the pork sammie and said it was really great (she would go back there tomorrow for lunch).
Upscale banh mi place that is worth the higher price. Highlights: 1. The bread. It is toasted and tastes great. 2. The spicy mayo. Lots of flavor and a little kick. Not sure why you'd want to add Sriacha to the sandwiches. I think it would take away from the mayo. 3. The 5 spice pork belly. Excellent marinade for the pork. 4. The skirt steak sandwich. Meat was tender and flavorful. I've also had the pulled pork sandwich. I thought it was ok, but paled in comparison to the skirt steak and pork belly sandwiches. Basically I found it to be a typical pulled pork sandwich on above average bread with some veggies thrown in. What I would suggest skipping: The blood orange lemonade. I tried it due to the positive feedback I read on Yelp, but I found it to be nothing special.
"BIG EATER ALERT"!! DO NOT GO if u r a big eater like me unless you are ready to purchase two sammys... I had the five-spice glazed pork belly for lunch. The flavor profile was spot on so no complaints there. The pork was juicy and tender and it actually tasted like grandma style Chinese cooking back home. The spicy mayo was a nice touch along with the right amount of pickled pear and carrots. The bread was also perfectly crispy and its texture tasted great. However, the portions are seriously way too small for the price point!! I wouldn't mind trying the other sammys on the menu but would probably only go back when I have plans for a big dinner or something.
