Props to these guys for making a really good $6 sandwich.  I had the BBQ Pork sandwich.  They sliced the pieces of meat here and top it off with some garnish.  Overall, it was a very good sandwich.   Place is just as tiny as Baohaus on the LES, but the sandwich here is better.
Another stop on my endless Banh Mi quest. It's one of my perfect foods, so I know what I like. And Xe May... do I like. Ordered the The Mean Green with soy glazed portobello mushrooms, spiced tofu, cauliflower spread and the usual suspects--cucumber, diakon, carrots, cilantro and jalapeño. I ordered spicy. I love the heat. The bread was nicely toasted and still warm. Everything inside was fresh and flavorful. The veggies were crisp and even looked pretty. My favorite part was definitely the portobellos and tofu--I love the dual layer of 'meaty' protein as it made the sandwich perfectly balanced. My ONLY gripe was that even though I love spicy and ordered spicy, they did leave the seeds in the sliced jalapeño. It was a little more that I wanted, but overall still EFFIN DELICIOUS. Besides the Banh Mi, they also have salads, summer rolls and what I need to try next time--TACOS! When 2 of my favorite foods are combined? I need to try. Banh Mi? Banh Mi tacos? Yes please.
YUM! So glad this place finally opened its doors! While there is no shortage of wonderful Vietnamese Sandwich shops in the East Village, this place has already won me over in 3 ways: 1. Deliciousness: their classic bbq pork sandwich... I'm no banh mi connoisseur, but I could definitely eat that every day. 2. Service: the owners are SO friendly. 3. Location: super close to my apt. Now if only they served pho too... Regardless, I'm so glad they came to my neighborhood!
I came here for the lunch special at around 2:00 on a Friday. There were two people waiting for takeout and two people eating-in. There are only about five chairs to sit, so large parties are not the best for this place. I had the lunch special that included the side-car sandwich, lychee green ice tea and a bag of pretzels. This was all for a little under $9 (which included tax). The sandwich was delicious (the bread was perfectly crispy). The tea was my definitely my favorite though. They make their tea fresh with real fruit; it was also the perfect amount of sweetness. My only complaint about the sandwich is that I asked for spicy and I barely tasted it. I highly recommend this place. The owner was really friendly as well.
Great original bahn mi. If you're in the area around noon, I suggest going big on the lunch special. Specialty drinks are included to substitute canned sodas and water. Yum!
Now I am not sure what the sandwiches are like, but unfortunately the taco was just okay. Since I was on a mini lunchtime food tour of the area, I decided to just get a small snack here and I opted for the Hog taco. It has grilled pork, fried shallots, scallion oil, chill mayo, and I got it spicy with jalapeno and sriracha. I am glad I decided to eat it in the store, because it had hardly any sriracha and I had to add much more from the bottle on the counter. The flavors were okay and the taco was nicely toasted, but it was just dry (I saw none of the chili mayo in my taco) and unmemorable. (The sriracha definitely improved it though, but when does it not!) Don't try the tacos here, I think they are subpar to their sandwiches, but judging from the many other reviews, their sandwiches are a nice option! Maybe they should reconsider the taco option on the menu after all. If you can't do it right, might as well not serve it!
Aw man, this place is so legit.  It's hard to make a place on St. Mark's when there are literally 80 top-notch NYC eateries, but this place holds its own.   - Banh Mi TACOS.  Holy crap.  So good!  All three kinds! - Basil lime fizz drink.  Don't ask questions and get it. Not too sweet, just perfect. - You don't know what head cheese is?  Don't ask and don't worry about it.  Just eat it.  If you're lactose intolerant, PERFECT, bc it has nothing to do with actual cheese. The staff is awesome.  The prices are amazing.  Everything is fresh.  Their proud of their product.
Lamb'retta. Coconut Curry Lamb. The meat is tender, sliced thin almost shaved like the meat of a Philly cheesesteak. Tuck that into a roll with some fresh daikon, generous cilantro, carrots, and spicy mayo... YUM! The shop itself is small, so while I waited, I could see the huge bunches of cilantro fresh out on the counter, carrots and daikon being cut up. But better, when I heard the man next to me bite into his sandwich... the way it crunch and cracked is the kind of sound that can rival even the most drool-worthy smells. The bread was fresh, perfectly toasted, and surprisingly airy. I sort of knew that before I even got my sandwich, but I DEFinitely knew that when I bit into it myself. At the end, I'll admit, I found myself pushing all the crumbs into a pile and eating that too. Don't judge me, just have one for yourself.
A little pricier than the ones you normally see around Chinatown. But this small little sandwich shop in the heart of the East Village definitely knows to land a bánh mì sandwich. Although the classic may not be the best thing on the menu, the other more-liberally-named sandwiches definitely make up for it. The first time (and every other succeeding time) I took a bite out of "The Hog", I knew I was bound to be back for more. With lunch specials averaging ~$8-$9, there's no excuse for having that viet sandwich craving go unfulfilled. They also have a stamp card that can earn you a free sandwich after 10 purchases, which seems a little ridiculous, but after seeing some guy named John have over 15  fully stamped cards posted to the front of the store's counter, it seems like I'm the ridiculous one for doubting how good this place is.
In Vietnam, meat is wayyyy more expensive than vegetable, so naturally, when you order banh mi in the motherland, you get more veggie than meat. From my memory, it's pickle carrot, cucumber and cilantro. No pepper. We don't have japaleno and we are not committing suicide by putting in thai chili pepper. There's also the option to add hot sauce if you crave heat. So I ordered the classic banh mi here. It's good, too much meat compared to the one I had in Vietnam, and too much carrot while cucumber or cilantro were barely present. I didn't like the spicy mayo, and glad that I had it on the side. It's a good meal, and good value. I don't think they are claiming to be the most authentic banh mi, and it tasted good. I would come back to try the rest of the menu.
Not sure what the deal is with all these rave reviews. Went here looking for some amazing Banh Mi, but sorely disappointed. Unfriendly staff and an average banh mi is descriptive. I will give them bonus points for the toasted baguette, but little meat for the price, condiments lacking. Still trying to find a good Banh Mi shop in nyc.
I was never a big fan of Viet sandwiches. However, I am loving Xe May's Super Cub and Basil limeade fizz. :) Best drink I've ever had, it isn't sweet and is super refreshing. The sandwich was flavorful, perfect balance of bread and filling, neat, and is only $6. The bread is the best; it isn't over toasted, hard, and/or stale like a lot of the place i've had my viet sandwich at. The tacos were okay, not a big fan of tacos. The sidecar is my boyfriend's favorite, it's very flavorful and juicy. Xe May also offers a card that they stamp if u spend over $6. collect 10 stamps and you will get a free item :) I already got 6 stamps in 2 days. I only crave for Xe May's viet sandwich.
I got The Lam'bretta and it was phenomenal.  It was extremely flavorful and I enjoyed the carrots and cucumbers.  I went with the spicy option as it was my first time and I didn't know what to expect in terms of heat.  It was sufficiently spicy but I can handle a lot of heat so I will definitely try extra spicy next time.
Some people say that you can't have everything in life, but those are complacent, self-defeating people destined to loiter the bottom crust of society - don't listen to those people. You can have everything at Xe May: warm fatty meat and pate and headcheese and fresh crunchy veggies stuffed in abundance into their perfectly toasted and chewy baguettes. The sensation of biting into a perfectly-toasted piece of bread, outer flakes flying everywhere and into your hair and scattering across your shirt, then encountering chewy bread innards soaked by well-flavored and perfectly cooked meat stuffing, is something that should not be overlooked in life. The tiny space has a half dozen or so stools you can sit on, but I like to take my sandwich into Tompkins Square Park right down the street and show off my happiness to the public and the homeless bums, asserting my superiority in winning at life as demonstrated by my sandwich. The pigeons that peck at my feet are the luckiest pigeons in the world, and they know it.
I recently found this Yummy Vietnamese Sandwich shop in the East Village! And i've been back a couple of time since then. The place has simple decor and friendly service!  The two owners at the shop are very nice and talkative which keeps me entertained while waiting for my food. I tried the Fresh basil soda limeade and that was awesome!   It had the perfect combination of basil, sweet and sour! And i'm picky about my drinks.   I also had the pilot and the sidcar  which were both yummy! Of course i asked for it to be spicy! The bread was a perfect combination of crunchy, soft and warm.  they had a good amount of meat and spices inside the sandwichs!   I also heard the lambretta is good so i'm going to try that next time! This is definitely my new favorite sand Viet sandiwich shop!
I'd almost giving up on finding a yummy lunch place that doesn't cost an arm and a leg in East Village.  That is, until I discovered Xe May. If you want traditional banh mi you're better off somewhere else.  But Xe May sandwiches have a ton of meat, delectable veggies, and priced at $6 worth every penny.   I got the Lamb'retta (sp?) which was delicious.  The meat was flavorful, plentiful, and curry infused.  The carrots were more than your standard pickled carrots and complemented the meat & toasted bun perfect. The sandwich came with a Basil Lime soda and Chex Mix as part of their $8.50 lunch special.  What a steal!  Plus points for also taking credit card.
Usually, when I get Bahn Mi, my one complaint is that there isn't enough meat on the sandwich. Not here. These sandwiches are full of it! And deliciousness in general. I recommend the sidecar, the hog, and the pilot, but really, everything is good. They make a solid coffee as well, in my humble opinion. The guys that work here are super awesome too.
Amazing classic Banh Mi.   Crunchy, warm baguette, great price.  I got it spicy, had it done in less than 10 minutes.  Spice + Tart (pickled vegetables) + cilantro + delicious meats just make a great sandwich. Hits the spot.  And great location too, in the heart of e vil.
I was excited that to hear about another banh mi addition to the East Village. Being one of my favorite foods, I couldn't wait to try it. When I went, I asked what was suggested and was told the coconut lamb if I wanted to be more adventurous. Having been my way around a traditional banh mi, I went with that. I also couldn't turn down the obvious compliment of a Vietnamese cie coffee. And the two come to just under $10. The coconut lamb was absolutely brilliant. It was thinly sliced like roast beef with a light coconut sauce. I would've preferred something extremely rich and creamy because I love coconut sauces, but this was still great. As for the traditional banh mi, while it was very good, I prefer Baoguette's because they have minced chunks of pork. The highlight is definitely the bread. I don't know if they make their own bread, but it sure tasted like it was right out of the oven. I initially couldn't even pick up my sandwich because it was so hot. The inside is light and soft, whereas the outside has a real fresh crunch, not the kind you get from staleness. So of my favorite banh mi places in the area, I can't decide if I like Xe May or Banh Mi Zon more. However, it really is a win win because the more banh mi in the East Village, the better.
Went here on a Friday evening and it was surprisenly empty. I ordered the side car. It wasn't a traditional Bahn Mi but the combination of flavors and quality of the meat was superb.  I need to order more spicy next time. Not as cheap as Bahn Mi in Texas but ranks up there in flavor.  Good, friendly staff and clean(albeit small) shop. The ginger ale Gus Soda was on point too.  Can't wait to return.
The go-to for my roommate and I. Best bread around, always made hot and fresh, and it's cheap to boot. Hog sandwich, Pilot taco, a green papaya salad and a San P to drink...satisfaction.
I would have given them four stars except they once gave me a lamb sandwich instead of the vegetarian one I requested.  -_-  I also think they should offer more variety of snacks for their lunch special instead of the the 2 (pretzels or granola) they currently have.
Let's start from the very beginning.  Multiple choices on a blackboard but I go with the Superclub Classic because I need to relive my childhood.  Waited about 10 minutes.  Man... my mouth is really watery from the aroma in this small shop and the stomach is also making animal noises.  Then the sandwich comes before me in a red basket with wax paper.  Probably the most beautiful thing I saw all day at that point.  Munch Munch Munch... wow it's pretty crunchy.  Each bite took me back to a simpler time when I didn't have to worry about running out of toilet paper.  I think one bite even brought me back to the memory of my first Hawaiian pizza.  But yes the Banh Mi here is good.  A little different from one you would get at a Asian supermarket.  BUT GOOD.
My banh mi background stems from eating many from the Little Saigon (orange county CA) and San Diego regions which have tons of Vietnamese people. I also had Num Pang earlier in the day and can't help but compare. I got the super cub which is the most similar to a "bac biet" that I'm used to -- with pate and Vietnamese style cold cuts. The sandwich was super fresh and made to order. At first I loved the crunch of the toasted baguette and chew of the bread, but by the end it actually became too chewy. While I could taste the pate, I wish there was more and that it has a stronger presence. There was also not enough meat given the thickness of the bread so its flavor was a little lost among the sauce. I also thought the picked carrots ended up making the sandwich too sour and became a distraction. I really wanted to like the sandwich but by the end I was left wanting more from this place. For $6.50 the price is fair for NY, but I probably won't be going out of my way to come back here and will continue my search for the best Banh Mi in town.
Cub Classic, very spicy.  The best Banh Mi I've had.  Must have every trip to NY. Terrific meatball sandwich as well.  They're probly all great, but can't get enough of the original. I could actually move back to NY for this sandwich.
im tryna recreate these dope recipes at home and it just isnt working xe may is the most real bahn mi shop i been to. The best part is it's right on the block where homies go to get quick meals (like at dumpling dude), so you can just say "naw man imma bahn mi tonight, im bahnning" and duck into this little joint to get the most fresh bahn mi ever dont listen to the haters bahn mi is only as strong as it's bread. and the bread here is tight. A+ job great bahn mi v cheap too
One of the best new inexpensive places I've had in the city. Banh mi is typically famed for its crispy baguette but Xe May takes the bread quality to its highest level. The rest of the ingredients are just as delicious as well. On top of that, the folks who run it are wonderful.
Great vietnamese cuisine in New York city is none existent. However, I always keep my hopes high when discovering new places. The shop it self is super cute. love the straight forward decor and the service is friendly and helpful. The Classic Banh Mi is good and it is definitely above average for New York standards however I wish there was a little more girth to it...a little more meat, a little more pate and a little more pickled veggie.
This place is delicious. It is just a little hole in the wall that does mostly take out. There is some very limited seating upstairs but unless you are alone or with one other person there is no room. I had the pork belly sandwich. The meat was very nicely cooked and the veggie array that accompanied it was fresh and crunchy.
Great Banh Mi sandwich shop. Can't think of a single flaw. Worth the extra walk one more block from the 'other' more corporate Banh Mi shop on St. Marks.  This is my second time eating one of these scrumptious vietnamese sandwiches. Always tasty, zesty, and good. Better if you just go eat one than me try to explain what a Banh Mi sandwich is. I got the beef one that the owner said was like 'a vietnamese take on a philly cheese steak'. I was pleasantly surprised. Definitely not lacking in yummy flavor. Drinks are interesting too, I liked the lychee lemonade. They are trying out new stuff all the time, and open to ideas from customers.
Food: ~Super club classic (3.5 stars): with BBQ pork, headcheese, and pork pate.  I was expecting BBQ pork belly, but the meat looked like deli meat instead.  Everything else in it was very good though, with nicely spiced chili mayo and generously packed portions of cilantro, carrots, and cucumber.  The roll was nicely toasted, just crispy enough on the outside and soft on the inside.  If they'd used a thicker cut of meat, this would've been an awesome sandwich. $6 Drink: ~basil limeade fizz (4 stars): so refreshing.  Just enough basil with a strong lemony acid, balanced out by the fizz.  So good we got it in 30 degree weather.  $2.50 Wait: ~10 minutes for our sandwich to come out, but that just means they made it fresh! They can improve on some fronts, and I think that Num Pang makes a better bahn mi for now.  But their service is wonderful!  The guy behind the counter was so nice and even took a lot of time giving some food advice to a group of tourists.
I don't often give 5 stars and I feel it's lame when reviewers do. Cut the crap, it should be an excellent without a doubt the best place you've been to. None of this "it was really good but...." then give them 4 to 5 Stars...4 to 5 Stars is for a restaurant that is a standout, a must go to place where you are not disappointed in the least. This place hands down deserves all 5 of my Stars. I went with 3 other friends and we each tried different sandwiches, amazing! There is a wait but it is so, so worth it. The photos uploaded by other reviewers so true! Thank you, thank you! I dream about your sandwiches and thank my waistline that I do not work near you or my hips would be in sooo much trouble. I can't wait to go back!
I ordered the classic combo after coming here night with my friend Jin. I really enjoyed the bread. It's not too hearty which I like because most of the time, Viet sandwich buns make me so full from all the carb overload. The classic sandwich I had was good but I wish they would have added a bit more meat into the classic combo. My friend ordered "the hog" and the meat to bao ratio was just perfect. Was it the best Viet sandwich I've had in my life? No. But was my sandwich tasty enough that I'd order it again? yes.
Came here today and got the classic. It was a good solid sandwich. Crispy, fresh, flavorful and filling! I wanted to get the summer rolls but they weren't ready?? They said they had a busy morning?? This place will do well once they have it up and running properly. Looked like it was just two guys running it...they need more help!
Best Bahn Mi in the city, hands down. All about $6, all amazing. Makes all other Bahn Mi look bad. Also the guys who work there and own the place are incredibly chill, nice people. Highly Recommend it.
I gotta hand it to these guys, these guys produce some of the best Banh Mi sandwiches outside of Little Saigon/Westminster/Garden Grove.   The classic and the hogs are main staples in my orders as well as the summer rolls.  I've had the salads and the tacos which are good appetizers leading up to the tasty banh mi sandwiches themselves.  Be careful of the peppers in the sandwich and you can have them made not spicy. They handcraft every sandwich when you order so when you get it, it'll be nice hot, toasty and delish. Reasonably priced and extremely good!  So if you're around East Village/St. Marks, be sure to stop by.  It's well worth it!
This place is as good as banh mi gets. I had the club classic which was remarkable. I did not expect it to be the way it was. The sub came out and it was hot- temperature wise; this is not usual for a Vietnamese banh mi, so I was surprised. I bit into it and Oh Em Gee Becky... Look at that sub. So many emotions ran through my head. I was astounded, I was surprised, I was at loss for words, I couldn't even speak (mostly because I was chewing). The sandwich was astounding. It was hot as it just came out the oven and the baguette was crispy to perfection. The flavors of the meat were exploding in my mouth. Xe May perfected the classic banh mi (Just as good as the banh mi thit cu!)
Xe May is a small, mostly take out/delivery shop on St Marks specializing in Vietnamese sandwiches and tacos (they also have a few salads and side items). There's no denying that the sandwiches here are delicious and lean toward the unique spectrum of the traditional Vietnamese Bahn Mi. For example, I ordered the coconut curry lamb, something I've never seen from a Bahn Mi shop. In addition to the sandwiches ($7-8) they also have tacos ($2.50ea). The selection is limited but definitely enticing. Sandwiches run about $7-8 and are on the smaller side but still a good value given that they are made with great ingredients to order. I like that they offer whole wheat rolls as well as white. All sandwiches are topped the same as any other bahn mi (with fresh cilantro, pickled carrots and daikons, a slice of cucumber, and chili mayo). The only thing I could have used was a bigger portion of meat and for them to load the sandwich where the meat was on the bottom rather than the side where I get just bites of all meat or of just vegetables. The lamb had a really good flavor to it, was sliced thin (like shwarma) and the toasty baguette held it all together. I'll definitely be back to try another flavor. Sandwiches: Super Cub Classic: bbq pork, headcheese, pork roll, pate The Pilot: lemongrass chicken The Hog: grilled pork, scallion oil fried shallots The Sidecar: grilled beefsteak, pineapple chutney The Lam'bretta: coconut curry lamb The DUC: grilled meatball, provolone homemade tomato sauce The Mean Green: soy glazed portobello, spiced tofu cauliflower spread (no chili mayo) Tacos: All the same meat options except for the pork, served in a tortilla.
Excellent banh mi sandwiches always prepared fresh and consistently fresh. Favorite is the Super Cub Classic. Tacos are great too (get it the way its supposed to be eaten with 2 not 1 tortillas). Prices are more favorable than competitors Num Pang and Baoguette. Also accepts credit cards which is a huge plus. Service is very friendly.
Tasty banh mi sandwiches with a twist! Loved this place so much, came back the next day for more. Their Lambretta is pretty much heaven. The bread is toasted just enough to have a nice crust and still be soft inside. The lamb is tasty and the light curry sauce makes the sandwich juicy. The ingredients are fresh and the meat/pickled veggies/bread ratio is perfect. The guy behind the counter is very nice and friendly too. Solid 5 stars.
Did you know that "Xe May" means Scooter in Vietnamese? Neither did I but Tony T was quick to tell me when he corrected my pronunciation. Also "Xe" means car, "Xe Lua" means train! =) Seating for approximately 6 Choice of: 1. Whole Wheat or White Bread 2. Spicy or Not (Jalapenos are used) The Hog (Grilled pork) 3.5/5 6$ Pork is super tender, well marinated, tonnes of flavor Plenty of pickled carrots Only gripe is they don't put enough pork in yelp.com/user_local_phot… The Pilot (Lemongrass Chicken) 4.5/5 6$ Probably my favorite, and one of the best chicken bahn mi's I've had Well marinated, super flavorful chicken spiced mayo plenty of pickled veggies good meat-bun ratio Had more meat than the pork, but maybe could have used more yelp.com/user_local_phot… Overall, i'm a fan of Xe May, the price point is right for what you get.
The Pilot is my favorite sandwich in the East Village. Paired with the Basil Lime drank... it's perfect Also the dudes who work here are so freakin' nice. I want to try the tacos, but I don't because the sandwich makes me so happy.
Came here last week to get my spicy sandwich on.  This place did not disappoint. Ohhhh baby baby this place rocks.   Had the classic: Super Cub Classic --very nice pork, great crisp veggies --carrots, cucumbers, spicy mayo, nice soft bread.  This place was delicious and super cheap.  Only $6 for the sandwich and nice lunch specials.  To drink the Fresh Basil Limeade Fizz was refreshing and delicious.
4 stars for the bread which is similar to JoJu. Theirs is better than banh mi saigon bread which always cuts the roof of the mouth, but Paris is better than banh mi saigon bread, just that the filling reallyyyy sucks, but JoJu bread is the best.  Anyways, enough about the bread, I ordered the hog and the beef.  It was sad that both cuts of meat looked identical and tasted identical! What the?! The balance was totally off, It was just meat and no daikon and carrots, which I need to say, where are the daikon shreds haha! I probably had 2 shreds of daikon in comparison to a lump of carrot. The balance of banh mi is that there is a perfect ratio of meat:veggies.  Absent daikon and carrots & cilantro :( so sad... Also got the lemongrass taco to try. Sadly this tasted just like the hog and beef and the color was the same as them! Is it all the same sauce? Someone tell me 2 stars for the waiting time for the food and the guy in the front who didn't even smile.  Ok guys, I know it takes 5-10 mins to make the sandwiches, it's posted on the wall.... but I waited 15 whole minutes... too long for a sandwich... I felt sorry for the group of 6 who came in after me...they didn't know they were gonna wait 30mins for theirs! Let me say, this was mid weekday too! (FYI no bathroom)
It is hard to find good vegetarian Asian food. Everywhere that is authentic (except Buddhist friendly places) use questionable broths and rarely give you the right ingredients information let alone warn you. With this information, how can I know it's not authentic, maybe all Asian foods are greasy or just bad? Maybe im a bigot? Maybe authentic is meat laced. Valid. I have been to a few places that friends say are great, those few spots have flavorful vegetarian dishes - not just sitting in oil like a dirty Chinese spot. I can hope for more. Thank you Xe May for a great vegetarian bahn me sandwich. The vegetables were so perfectly pickled (I've had bahn me before without meet elsewhere). Often tofu is fried or spongy, not the case here. My favorite part was the sauce used. Combined with sriracha, it was sweet and had a great kick! Overall, The sandwich was fresh and hot, and CHEAP! they even deliver. The guy behind the counter was really nice and I'm sure he was invested in the place (owner or something). There is a very little seating space, you can just grab a quick bite or take it outside like I did. They were trying to find a delivery guy for weekends, I hope they have one now!
I love nothing more than a delicious sandwich and the Xe May Sandwich Shop is as good as it gets. Simple, clean, fast and delicious - everything you need in an incredible sandwich shop. I've had the The Hog and The Mean Green and they're awesome - don't forget to make 'em spicy!
I've been going to this joint for the last year, and I have to say, it's one of he best Vietnamese sandwich shops in Manhattan. I have tried every sandwich on the menu and "THE CLASSIC" is hands down the best one on the list; it's the traditional one too. Second place goes to the "Sidecar". Mad ballin' joint.
This place is teeny tiny... with maybe 4 seats at a tiny side bar. But boy, are the sandwiches delicious! We got the classic and the hog... The sandwiches came out warm, crunch on the outside, soft on the inside. It came with the just the right amount of spiciness, vs. salty, vs. sweet, vs. tartness. How I wish I lived closer to here...
Bread = crispy on the outside, soft and gooey on the inside aka perfect and fresh Ratio of bread to meat / picked veggies = on point! Taste = LEGIT Instead of wandering all the way to Chinatown for banh mi, I now have a new neighborhood place that can satisfy my weekday needs.
Despite getting this for take out, I can't help myself and destroy many shirts with the sauce from the lamb sandwich. Ufffff. Delicious. The sandwiches are refreshing and filling. I can't wait to eat them. So I don't wait.
Im not a huge fan of Bahn Mi's in general, but Xe May Sandwich Shop knows how to make a mean sandwich that is overspilling with flavor.  Sandwiches cost $7-$8 are made freshly to order.  I ordered the veggie sandwich on white bread and it was delicious.  The medium hot sauce wasn't too spicy but definitely gave the sandwich a kick that was much enjoyed. This is a great place for take-out since it is really nothing more than a storefront.  Although, if you are not on the run and want to eat here, there are 4 stools to sit at for your culinary enjoyment.   If you like Bahn Mi's, definitely come to Xe May. Also pick up one of the loyalty cards!
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) FRIGGN LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The banh mi's are SOoooo dam delicious, I tried to beat the record of eating 2 and a half banh mi's in one sitting.... unfortunately only got 2 down...shouldn't have had breakfast! I SHALL RETURN! :) 2) They have a coupon card in which after getting 10 stamps you get 1 item free 3) Their green tea lychee and ice vietnamese coffees are perfect way to cool down some extra spicey saracha and jalepeno 4) VERY reasonably priced....$6/$6.50 per bahn mi 5) Can order online Cons: 1) Takes kinda long to get your sandwich....was empty at 4:30 pm and ordered 2 banh mi's and had to wait 15 min...so i'd suggest calling in the order ahead of time 2) Very small space...can maybe fit 4-5 people for seating 3) Online delivery only within 15 blocks of st. marks.
Costs 6 to 6.50 For good Bahn Mi. Has tacos and is open late weekends.
Best bahn mi in nyc... amazing .. super fresh bread... all ingredients are yum.. and the guys are really nice that own it. comes out fast!
Easily my favorite Banh Mi of all time.  The vegetarian sandwich is fantastic. As are the spring rolls. Come by during lunch for a free Vietnamese coffee with sandwich purchase.
Small little shop with 4 barstool seats. Super club classic - BBQ pork, head cheese, pork roll, pâté. My friend ordered this and loved it. More than chinatown spots, different but almost on par with my beloved Saigon shack in West Village. The mean green - soy glaze portobello, spiced tofu, cauliflower spread. I don't eat a lot of mushroom, but this was mixed into the tofu well and not overwhelming. Very savory and satiating. Ordered both spicy, and they actually make it spicy :) Basil limeade fizz - Surprisingly not sweet at all. More like a flavored club soda than a lemonade. Good fresh flavors though. Hot Vietnamese coffee - perfect on a cold evening. Rich delightful flavor as always. Looking forward to trying the iced lychee green tea, veggie taco and garden roll, and vermicelli!
The best banh Mi I have ever had. The lemongrass chicken is amazing. The beef is good too, but it doesn't compare to the chicken. I wish it was a bit cheaper however, since I am used to paying 2 or 3 dollars a sandwich back in orange country.
Small hole in the wall kind of place but delicious food. I got the Pilot sandwich and I was not disappointed. The ingredients are very fresh and a perfect mesh of savory and sweet inside of a perfectly crunchy bun. It's affordable and cozy. There is a bench and a small bar area to eat and that's about it. A great place to go for something quick and convenient.
Owner operated was a plus! Friendly staff, clean establishment. I had the lemon grass taco and Super Sub Classic and I highly recommend both. Will I be back? that's for sure!
I love this banh mi shop! I first got to try their sandwiches at a Yelp event and I've loved them since. Between Num Pang and this place I can't decide which do I like better. You can't go wrong with either their hog or beefsteak sandwiches. And if you like spicy you can amp up the hear factor too. It's cheap and delicious so I'll definitely be back whenever I want a quick cheap eat in the village.
The people who worked there were really nice and I feel bad writing a mediocre review, but I also want to give the readers my honest opinion, so here it goes! We ordered the mean green and meatball sandwich.  The mushrooms in the mean green were undercooked (hard and crunchy), and there was nothing that held the sandwich together.  Although I liked the cheese in the meatball sandwich, it just doesn't seem very Vietnamese.  It was almost like a meatball hoagie with pickled veggies on top.   If you want a sandwich, this place is good.  If you want a Banh mi, I would recommend going to Nicky's or Banh mi Zon for something more traditional.   They also have tacos which we didn't order, but I would go back to try those.
The place has unique ones you won't really find anywhere else. It's good, but nothing great. Its smaller than Saigon Vietnamese Deli in Little Italy and more expensive. Also not as good. I had their Super sub classic here. I'll go back and try other ones, but i know i wont be a regular when Saigon in Little italy is not too far away..
Fantastic sandwiches and delicious drinks. Favorites are beef, lamb, and meatball banh mi. Lychee iced tea is great. Order ahead during busy times.
So far, I've tried the lam'bretta (curry lamb), the sidecar (beef with pineapple chutney),  and the DUC (meatball). Love them all. The "spicy" is just the addition of fresh jalapenos and maybe some extra sriracha, which are both always welcome in my book (though beware too many seeded jalapenos at once...). Both whole wheat and white breads are awesome. Looking forward to trying their tacos! Small space, gets hot easily, can be slow (only one guy making sandwiches at a time really) but always awesome.
Very affordable and very delicious. Scouring the city for banh mi is my usual foodie induced pastime and Xe May certainly delivered. Their Super Cub Classic was superb in flavor, spiciness, and baguette "toastiness" and the Iced Lychee Green Tea was amazing. Also, the guys at the counter were very welcoming which is always a plus!
I love you Xe May. I am so sad that we met each other so late but I can only say every bite has been wonderful. Hands down my favorite place in the city for lunch and it is actually REASONABLE. and yes, in NYC that actually deserves all caps. for 8 bucks you get a sandwich fresh made, some chips, and one of the best fresh hand-made drinks you can get in the city. The staff are always friendly and I cannot stop going back. You cannot miss the opportunity to try this sandwich shop if you are in the area. I have yet to be disappointed, everything from The Hog to the Coconut Lamb and even the (*gasp*) vegetarian option is incredible. If you have never had classic vietnamese sandwiches do not miss out on trying their Super Cub Classic, it will knock your socks off! (p.s. if you are a picky eater and freaked out by food you still CAN NOT miss out on the super cub sandwich, just dont ask how one makes pate or what head cheese is. Believe me every single thing in their sandwiches is there for a reason and every bite will remind you why eating is awesome!)
Tried the lamb and the chicken banh mi.  It was pretty good, but not as spectacular as everyone makes it out to be.  The buns were well toasted and the lamb was a good unique flavor in banh mi, but its no Nicky's.
I stopped here totally by chance and I'll be back whenever I find myself hungry in the area. That sandwich was amazing, it's all about the bread. I can't wait to try more stuff from their menu!
Mmm mmm good!  The texture of the bread is really good. The sandwiches are delicious!  Great flavors and interesting sandwich selections.  The store is located a few steps down from the sidewalk tucked away so don't miss it.
The food is great. Everything is really cheap. They accept debit cards when its under $10. Service is good. What else can you ask for?
This may sound sacriligious coming from someone who grew up with Vietnamese sandwiches, but Xe May takes this cuisine to a different level with their contemporary twist on traditional recipes. All the flavors are strong and satisfying. The bread is fresh, crispy and light. My faves are the Lambretta (coconut curry lamb) and Side Car (beef). With this place around I don't have many reasons to go back to traditional sandwiches!
Cons: -Poorly constructed Banh Mi's. ---Bread was cracked and whole segment fallen off. ---Got a single strand of daikon amongst the carrots. ---Got my sandwich To-Go and the halves were not individually wrapped unlike other places so the meat inside fell out and there was literally a fist of carrots at the bottom of my bag... I was hungry so i had to "toothpaste it" up and out of the bag. -The bread is too eggy and dense. Pros: -It's cheap. -Doesn't taste bad. Not to NAME DROP here but Banh Mi Zon is the best Around that I've had so far.
Lunch special is ideal. Classic Cub = Pork + Carrots + Cucumbers. Make it spicy and throw on the Sriracha for added kick. Limited (bar) seating.
The bread is so good and crunchy and warm!! The veggie tofu and mushroom option was ok but could use a bit more flavorful sauce.
we came here right before the banh mi sandwiches were sold out. the banh mi was flavorful and baguette was the rigjt amount of crunch. vietnamese coffee was the right amount of sweet. the tacos were fine but the banh mi sandwiches are what make this cozy spot fantastic.
Xe May is now my new favorite bahn mi shop. Bahn Mi Zon used to occupy top spot, but after the last sandwiches I got from both places, the flaw that I used to find with Xe May's sandwiches - overly thick and dense baguettes - has migrated to Bahn Mi Zon's sandwiches. Now, Xe May is the superior choice, with perfectly toasted brand that's light so you could devour an entire sandwich comfortably, and 50 cents cheaper than Zon too.
I was compelled to stop by after reading the uh-mazing reviews - I was not disappointed!!! We both tried the Super Cub Classics and chicken and lamb taco's to boot. I've always loved vietnamese sandwiches but you can really taste the quality of the ingredients and care in which they are prepared here. Everything was fabulous and with two drinks the price for a very filling meal came in at under $20. I hope that these guys - who are exceptionally friendly and attentive - go far and prosper!
Delicious, bread is perfectly toasted and the spice level was heavenly. Impressed they used real pate
This is arguably one of the BEST banh mi sandwiches in NYC, but they come at a cost. The bread is of the perfect softness and crispiness. The ingredients are wonderful. The staff is friendly and nice. Sigh ... I want another banh mi from here asap.
This place has AMAZING!!! sanwiches ... loved the chicken sandwich one (aka 'the pilot')  =D this place is pretty small ... it's one of those hole in the wall places, walk downstairs and BAM there is this AMAZING viet sandwich shop !!! woo hoo !!! ... +1 for having seating in this small place ^^ so you can sit down and eat your sandwich instead of taking it to go ... damn i wish this place was in my neighborhood.
The classic cub was SO good.  Great bread, perfect balance of flavors.  Can't wait to try their other sandwiches and the drinks too!
The banh mi at Xe May is easily the best classic banh mi that I've had in the city. I tried the Super Cub classic and it was phenomenal. The bread was buttery, crispy, perfectly chewy and toasted just right. The blend of pâté and ham was so, so SO good. I was full after half the sandwich but kept on eating the other half because it was just THAT good. Highly recommend!
beefsteak taco (pineapple chutney) & vegetarian taco (soy glazed portobello, spiced tofu, cauliflower spread) both served w/ fresh cilantro, pickled carrots, daikons, cucumbers, each $2.50. the fillings were yummy, but the taco was too limp and cold to receive five stars. for the sandwich, i got the "Pilot" (spicy) (lemongrass chicken w/ fresh cilantro, pickled carrots, daikons, cucumbers, chili mayo, jalapeño, sriracha in baguette) for $6. they are conveniently halved and there are more sriracha on the tables to pour according to your taste. xe may's baguette bread is always spectacular, the main reason why this place is my favorite banh mi sandwich shop. the shop has a very limited amount of seating, about 4~5 seats, so it is not a great place to bring a group to eat in. but their coupon system is a good business tactic to bring customers coming for more.
Solid sandwiches. Toasty bread. Good cheap option in the village, but not as good as many other banh mi places.
Great place. Delicious sandwiches. Fresh and very well made. I went with a friend and we both enjoyed ourselves.  The place is clean and neat. They have a lot of options when it comes to food/drinks. Definitely stop by, you won't regret it.
Service. An all important word in business especially in food service.  Well rudeness cannot be tolerated. The counter person takes order and kurtly says $7 and I give him a a $10 bill and he gives me   Two dollars and change.  What!? He says oh yeah taxes.  Then as I wait he hand delivers by walking outside of counter to waiting customers. When my order is ready I goto counter so he doesn't have to go outside of way and I extend my hand for sandwich. He see this and lays bag on counter.   What?!?!    RUDE.  now onto quality of sandwich.  It's good.  But with service like this I will not be returning. There are many Vietnamese sw shops to choose from.  SO WHY EAT HERE.   train your employees and be professional.  Another example of an absentee owner letting the employees ruin a business.  SKIP THIS HOLE IN THE WALL.
Nice Bahn mi spot in the village..not the usual suspects. It's worth a try.
I have been here just once, but the experience was memorable enough to compel me to come and not hesitate to post a 5* review. This unassuming store set down at the basement level would be easy to miss if you weren't looking for it. The store is on the small side, with only a couple of spots for people to eat in (I would imagine the vast majority of their business to be of the takeout/ delivery variety). A deceptively expansive menu includes a variety of the restaurant's hallmark "banh mi" vietnamese sandwiches, but also a variety of side dishes, noodle dishes, inventive drinks and more. On this occasion I decided to go for the "coconut lamb curry" option. I'm no banh mi pro, but its not one I remember seeing at other places. I appreciated the choice of 3 different spiciness levels, particularly given that each level introduced a different type of heat, rather than just piling on more of the same hot sauce. The sandwich was pretty great: crisp baguette, delicious and tender meat, cool and refreshing salad, and a healthy portion of spice (I did go for spicy, after all). My only regret was not being able to try more of their sandwiches! I guess a repeat visit will be necessary
Probably one of the best bahn mi places I have had. They had a variety of different bahn mi to choose from along with other dishes like salads and rolls. I got the super cub classic with spicy and it was really good. The bread roll was delicious, heated and crispy. The don't skimp on the stuffing and had just enough kick in it with the jalapeño. Ingredients were very fresh and the sandwich was put together right in front of you. Prices were great too! Place was very small though, which is why I gave it four stars... five people in there already made it difficult to breathe. Customer service was ehhh here... the guy who took out order wasn't friendly at all and emotionless. Overall, I enjoyed the food here, definitely will be coming back here again.
Tiny little sandwich shop in the East Village.  I ordered their lam'bretta and basil limeade fizz.   Lam'bretta - Toasty baguette with pleasant curry flavor on the lamb.  Hits the spot for a more unique Vietnamese sandwich. Basil Limeade Fizz - Refreshing, and a perfect accompaniment to the sandwich. Menu looks unique so there's definitely a couple more items I look forward to trying.
I had the lam'bretta and it was amazing! Very good service too. totally recommended!
The Banh Mi quest continues and I think Xe May has the best in the East Village.   This place came as a recommendation from Nancy D. aka the queen of EV eateries, so I knew it wasn't going to disapppoint.   I ordered as delivery so I can't comment on the restaurant itself but from my delivery experience, I can only expect the same top notch service.  First off, the prices here are phenomenal.  I called up and ordered the Super Cub Classic and an order of Summer Rolls.  Unfortunately, they didn't have any type of rolls so I said that I'd be fine with just the sandwich.  It was then that I found out that the minimum delivery order was $10.  I didn't know what else was on the menu so I asked for some suggestions.  The gentleman on the phone told me that they sell taco's too so I asked him to give me one of those, whichever one he likes best.  He suggested the lemongrass chicken.  Still not over $10!  At this point, I'm salivating at the thought of all this food for under $10 and what the heck else I can order without being a complete hefer.  I asked him what type of drinks they had and he said that a popular item is the Basil Limeade.  Sounds good to me, let's wrap this call up so I can eat! Delivery guy arrived speedily and I was ready to chow down.  I started with the taco which was a little small but bursted with flavor.  I never expected so much deliciousness from a chicken taco.  It was spicy too, just the way I like it.  The jalapeno's added a nice kick to balance out the creamy chili mayo.  The pickled veggies added a sweet tanginess which was a welcome addition to a non-traditional taco.  Damn good.  Now I'm thinking I should have ordered a couple more of these!  On to the banh mi.   I'm a traditionalist so I will always try a signature dish before exploring the rest of a restaurants offerings.  I had to go for the classic banh mi with bbq pork, headcheese, pork roll and pate.  The ratio of all the meats and veggies was perfect and the bread that it was served on was crispy without flaking apart all over the place.  Big plus.  I would have preferred a little more of the chili mayo though.  I felt like it wasn't even added but I'm sure they just add a little as to not overpower the rest of the sandwich.  I added some more Sriracha from my personal stash to spice it up a bit and I was extremely satisfied with my order.   When I first sipped the Basil Limeade, I was not expecting it to be carbonated even though "Fizz" is actually in the name of the drink.  The Italian in me loves anything with basil so I found the combination of spice, sweet and sour to be delicious.  It wasn't overly sweet though which made it quite refreshing.  I'd like to start making these at home and maybe adding a little vodka to them.  Summer bbq idea right there.   This place is going to become a weekly staple.  I just have to start picking up orders so that I can get the motorcycle mama stamps and earn a couple free meals!
Bomb Diggity Ask for extra carrots. The bread is amazing. I would recommend the sub cub.
I've tried 3 times of Cambodian sandwich in Num Pang, it's about time to have some Vietnamese sandwiches. Here I am in "Xe May"! "The Mean Green" is something I've been thinking about, a spiced tofu sandwich within lots green!! Two options of the bread, whole wheat and white. Unlike Num Pang, the bread is toasted and warm. Have a bite!
Excellent bahn mi. Slightly different in flavor from the ones you'll get on the streets of Saigon, but damn, these are really awesome sandwiches. I got the super cub classic and a Vietnamese iced coffee to cure my hangover blues. The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, all the fillings are bursting with flavor and the meat is cooked to perfection. The coffee wasn't as sweet as I remembered in Vietnam, but maybe that's a good thing. The staff are cool dudes, but the place is cash only (which honestly, I'm used to by now living on st marks). But do not fear, there's an ATM right outside the front door.
Alan Woo and Davis Ngo's goal is "to serve the best Banh Mi in NYC," and I would have to say that they are well on their way to reaching their goal. The tasty sandwiches at Xe May are well-crafted and easily worth their ten minute wait.  When I was there last week, I ordered the Super Cub Classic Banh Mi ($6.00) - made up of BBQ pork, headcheese, pork roll and liver pate.  It comes garnished with a topping of cilantro, pickled carrots, daikons, cucumbers and a house made chili-mayo sauce that the guys put together.  And all of this comes inside of a warm baguette, toasted on the outside.  They also offer some other sandwiches like "The Pilot," "The Hog," and "The Sidecar" that come stuffed with either chicken, grilled pork, or beefsteak.  Again, I'm not a banh mi expert, but I do know a good sandwich when I taste one.  And the Classic was pretty damn good!  I could tell by the colorful vegetable presentation and how carefully the thinly cut meats were delicately layered that the owners had given a lot of thought to this sandwich.  A nice balance between meats and vegetables, but on a side note, I would suggest that they use less carrots and maybe a bit more of those thinly sliced cucumbers for an even better sandwich.  Oh, and when they ask you if you want your sandwich "spicy or mild," just remember that spicy is really mild at Xe May.  But there's a bottle of Hot Sriracha Sauce on the counter you can always grab to kick it up a notch. Other items on the menu include a nice selection of salads, tacos (including a meatball one) and much, much more.  The Basil Limeade drink ($2.50) is a good choice to wash it all down.  It's refreshing and comes with a slice of lime and a basil leaf (not too sweet either).  This place is a small shop with just a few seats, a counter and a steady stream of locals coming in, chatting up the owners and getting sandwiches to go. Now, have these two friendly guys reached their goal of making the best Banh Mi Sandwich in NYC?   I won't be getting into that debate right now, but what I will say is that they make a really, really good sandwich that's easily worth 4 Yelp stars.
A bit pricey compared to other bahn mi places. I ordered The Hog for some reason they charged me 8.50 and the menu says 7.50. However the pork was very juicy and it taste really good.
The grilled pork wins me over, now only if they had a double meats option, Id go for that.
I could eat here everyday for the rest of my life -- it's so goooooood! The Hog is absolute heaven. Seriously. I can't even.
Super cub classic, the classic Vietnamese sandwich is always the way to go. The chili mayo brings it all together, so saucy, a little bit spicy. Tiny little restaurant wish just a few seats along the wall.
Having left Los Angeles a year ago for adventure in New York, one of the things I missed was a good banh mi sandwich. While the ones here are twice the price of any banh mi I could find in my old neighborhood, the flavor and quality of Xe May's sandwiches go a long way to make up for that. The interior is tiny, and has a counter with maybe 4-5 stools. The only other seating is a bench for people waiting on to-go orders. I'm a purist, so I ordered the Superclub Classic and shared The Hog with my husband. They were delicious, but we both favored the Classic, which features pate and headcheese (yum!). The baguette is great, crusty on the outside, soft and dense on the inside. If a banh mi baguette doesn't scratch the roof of your mouth, they're doing it wrong. Be sure to ask for extra spicy - for the perfect trifecta of Sriracha, jalapenos, and chili oil!
Drinks were delicious. I tried the iced lychee green tea and iced coffee. The tea had a hint of ginger but both were not very sweet as they advertised. I tried the lamb and veggie tacos which were served on 2 tortilla each. The fillings are not very wet so I only ate each with one so I could taste the filling more. The lamb had a very light coconut and curry flavor and was a little dry for me but the combination of flavors were subtle and paired nicely with the pickled and fresh veggies and cilantro. I preferred the veggie which not just contained tofu but also cauliflower purée, and bellos. All the ingredients are fresh and the owners are really nice, friendly and attentive. In the words of Arnold, "I'll be back."
I came to Xe May on a whim of notion and seeing all these great reviews were definitely tempting. I blame myself for not eating the sandwich right as it was served but it was still good 30 minutes later. I ordered The Hog, which was grilled pork banh mi. I waited a good 10-15 minutes for my order. I had high hopes since I know they're probably prepping my delicious bread and stuffing it with pork, scallions and shallots. As I was waiting, I was sipping on their Basil Limeade Fizz which was really good, just a hint of basil for that nice herbal kick. As I got back to my office and chowed down on my sandwich, it was good but was lacking. There was only pickled carrots and no daikon, the carrots could use a bit more pickle-ing (if you know what I mean). The pork wasn't as flavorful as I hope it would be. The sandwich as a whole was just mediocre. It definitely needed a heavier seasoning because Vietnamese food are packed with strong fragrant flavors. I'll be back to try their classic and definitely the Basil Limeade.
The 5 star streak lives on. I went in fully expecting a good sandwich, and I got a mind-blowing one. Walking into the store, I was greeted by one of the two owners, who was taking a very late lunch break (I found out later, that as of now the two owners are also the only two employees). I did not catch their names, but they are both very friendly and seemed very accommodating. They have only been a open a little more than a week, and are apparently still working out some of the details (e.g. they don't really have delivery ability/manpower right now), but as far as food preparation goes, they work very fast. It's a tiny place, with seating along the walls for a handful of people (plus points for coat hooks along those seats). The menu written out in chalk is straightforward: 6-7 sandwich choices, a few different options of tacos and salads, and the option to have your pick made extra spicy. I went with the sidecar, which is the beef steak banh mi with pineapple chutney, and took the option of added spice. Certainly not a traditional banh mi, but still pretty close to the feeling you'd expect from having one, thanks to the pickled carrots, fresh cilantro and cucumbers, and chili mayo (fortunately they go light on the mayo). The meat tasted incredibly fresh and was very juicy, mixing perfectly with their pineapple chutney. It was a beautiful amalgamation of flavours sweet, sour, and hot, pushing the limits of how far these different elements might complement each other, but never overwhelming each other. Like any good banh mi, the textures of the tender meat also combine perfectly with the crunchy fresh vegetables. The bread was spot-on as well, good crust, soft, chewy, and toasted to just the right extent. These boys definitely know how to make a sandwich, and I would go as far as saying this goes in my consideration for best sandwich I have had in New York this year (and that list includes a helluva lot of great sandwiches). It also pairs very nicely with the very refreshing and soothing fresh basil soda limeade. I can't imagine how difficult it must be to open a new, small-scale eatery in this neighbourhood chock-full of amazing, well-recognized and iconic establishments. But the two young men at Xe May are doing everything right so far, and I really hope it works out for them, because the world is a better place with another option for amazing banh mi.
I had my share if bahn mis and I was def not impressed......from the reviews and what I heard from friends my expectations were pretty high for this place...I got the super cub classic sub...personally I think Saigon shack in west village was much better. The reality did not measure up to the hype. :/ I think I would've even given it 2 stars if the lychee green tea didn't impress me either. I think I would come back just to get the lychee green tea. Skip the bahn mi and get other delicious food in the area instead.
This would be among my first banh mi, but compared to other sandwiches I've had, this place is great. The ingredients are fresh and the bread is toasted to perfection. The resto itself is tucked away: a literal small hole in the wall in the East Village. There is next to no seating, but the decor is cool: dark walls with a chalk board menu and some bar seating on the side. I had the side car (meat with pineapple chutney, pickled veggies, not spicey), my boyfriend had a spicey super cub classic; we shared a Vietnamese coffee. The coffee was nothing special (tasted like a regular coffee to me). I didn't try the sig other's sandwich, but he is a self proclaimed banh mi expert (he grew up in the San Gabriel Valley in LA and apparently that gives you expertise in all foods Asian) and said it was great: fresh ingredients, nicely toasted bread, very flavorful. As for mine, I liked it a lot for a lot of the same reasons (I thought the little bit of sweet with the tender meat and then the tang of the pickled veggies at the end was awesome). My only complaint was the laying of the sandwich: all the meat was cramped into the fold of my bread and all the veeggies were on the other side of the bread. Instead of the flavors marrying with each bite, I had one bite veggies, the next bite meat... Not sure if this was done on purpose, but I liked how everything tasted together and the fact that I had to take 2 bites (my mouth is tiny) every time was a little tedious. Pricewise, it's something like $7? Well worth it... Overall, I would come here again (I took half to go and it STILL tasted great 4 hours later).
Veggie banh mi is decent here, but you need lots and lots of Sriracha for it.  I didn't think the individual elements were super flavorful, but overall the sandwich was quite good.  Their baguette is super crispy and crunchy which was awesome. Friends that had the chicken one said it was good but needed more veggies -- like carrot/daikon pickels and cilantro.  Still overall yummy. The service was fairly quick and easy and the price is super cheap for NY standards.  Huge sandwiches that can be 2 meals if you're not a huge eater.
I'm a fan of very traditional Vietnamese, so this place wasn't what I expected.  My husband is not a fan of Vietnamese at all. The fact that we both left very happy is awesome :) The bread makes the sandwich- it's nice and crispy on the outside and grilled nicely on the inside. Tried a few of the options and they were all really good! Would definitely go back :)
First meal back in New York after a summer hiatus, and it didn't disappoint. This is only the second time having tried bahn mi. The first being at the very delicious Num Pang so my expectations were high. Xe Mays vegetarian option The Mean Green ($7.00), comes with soy glazed portobello, spiced tofu, cauliflower spread and the usual carrots, cucumbers, daikons, and cilantro. It's a very tasty sandwich, with the bread being the highlight. They warn you that your food could take from 5-10 minutes as it's made fresh, which is worth the wait. The bread is crispy and warm when it comes out. The ingredients are quality, and with a little added sriracha it's a pretty solid sandwich. I went near closing so it wasn't busy. However, it is a pretty tiny place with just a few wall seats to sit if you decide to stay. As a vegetarian this is a good option. I'd definitely return!
Xe May takes the prize when it comes to the overall best banh mi in the east village area. It's relatively cheap, there's a variety of flavors and options, and it tastes fresh. When you walk in, it just feels clean and well run especially compared to other spots like Baoguette or Vicky's (both of which I also love). If you come during lunch time, $8 gets you a drink, sandwich and a small snack.
Delicious bahn Mi sandwich . Great bread.  Can't go wrong.  Thanks guys!
Food so good makes you want to slap your momma. Get the sidecar with an ice coffee
I've been out of NYC for 3 months and I find myself still thinking about their sandwiches from time to time. I don't like bread that much (I prefer rice) but I will happily eat their sandwiches at any given notice. I've had the Coconut Lamb Curry and Banh Mi- both were spot on and good sized portions. They understand flavors and know how to balance them well in each sandwich and their drinks. The Lychee Green Tea is a great blend of fruity, floral, and sweet without it being overkill. I will be back.
SO GOOD. I love this place. I come here at least twice a month, and I always tell my friends to visit! I usually get take-out or eat there when there's space. I've tried almost all of their sandwiches, but I keep going back to the super cub classic. You can ask them to change the baguette if you'd like to whole wheat/grain, but I wouldn't get that because they're actually harder and it hurts your mouth ceiling. I also ask them to take out the cilantro on my sandwich because I have the genetic makeup that makes cilantros taste like soap. The sandwich prep time takes anywhere from 5 minutes to ten since they make it right on the spot, so be a little bit patient (: Anyways, the staff are pretty chill and the atmosphere is.. well it's a small sandwich shop.
It's good, solid, tasty NY style Bahn Mi.   What do I mean by NY style?  Well... it's not quite the REALLY good Bahn Mi that's more traditional with all the wholesome (aka fatty) goodness, like the Bahn Mis you'd find in LA, or occasionally at a GOOD hole-in-the-wall in Chinatown.   But it's good.  It's good enough I'd do it again, and the service is friendly, location a lot more convenient than Chinatown, so... Xe May it is!
I bought the lunch special with the Super Cub Classic, Basil Limeade Fizz and some Lays chips for $8.50 and it was absolutely AMAZING. The limeaide was divine and the sandwich was different from the usual but every ingredient was chosen perfectly and blended to form an exquisite sandwich. The prices are fabulous and the food is crazy good. Will return on my next visit to The City for sure.
I was CRAVINGGGG bahnmis for a good week or so, and decided to drag my friend here with me since we were in the st marks area. I'm personally a big fan of hole-in-the-wall establishments, so I was very happy to find that this store is hidden away :) They did not disappoint. I got the classic sandwich and the lychee green tea, and it was a good combination. The sandwich is crisp on the outside and very flavorful with generous ingredients on the inside (LOVE IT). I got the mild spiciness, and my friend got the spicy pilot sandwich (chicken) and he was very happy about it. We went about an hour before closing, and the staff was overall so chill. They let us request songs while we were eating out sandwiches lol. I will definitely be back here to try their other bahnmi options!
Brought my son to this restaurant to try something new.  It was a risk since they only had one vegetarian sandwich on the menu, but he enjoyed it.  The veggies looked fresh and the service was good.  Look forward to returning.
Well turn me upside down and paint me blue. This place was great! Sadly my usual banh mi joint is closed for remodeling so I had to branch out and try something new.   After a long trek from the L train in the blazing 63% New York humidity and a couple pit stains later, I was ready to be impressed. BOY WAS I. Cozy little place with the AC blasting (praise banh mi gods) and a wide array of sammi choices was more than enough to make me happy. Skip ahead 14 minutes to meet a pal in union square to consume them. HOLY MOLY YUM. The pal and I split one hog and one side car. I felt pretty brazen and got them "spicy"- my pal was really riding the struggle bus on that one, but I loved it. Bread was just toasted enough and tasted nice and fresh, meat was juicy and tender and extra tasty, veggies were pickled to perfection! I voted it best banh mi that I've had to date (I guess the count is up to 8 now) even though pal is pretty loyal to my closed for renovations sandwich shop, he too loved these sammis. I will absolutely go back but probably when the humidity gets down to a reasonable 27%.
This place is great. I was brought here by a friend who is friends with the owner. After a Happy hour we were hungry and wanted something quick. He suggested Banh Mi and I am always down for a Banh Mi sandwhich. I ordered the classic and the Lychee green tea. Bread is crispy and has all the right ingredients a classic Banh Mi should. It is a little bit more pricey compared to brooklyn or chinatown, But its expected since it is in the city.  There use to be another spot closer to St. Marks area that sold Banh Mi but they were not as good, Maybe thats why its no longer there anymore? If you are craving a Banh Mi and don't want to travel into chinatown this place is a great alternative.
Real small - hole in the wall kinda place, really cool atmosphere and even better aromas. I had the lamb'retta sandwich, spicy version. Well I expected it to be much hotter to be honest. When my eyes start watering I know it's hot, but unfortunately they didn't. Nevertheless , it was incredible , really balanced and refreshing (yes, a sandwich can be refreshing). Didn't get a chance to try their lychee green tea, next time I guess.   I'll be sure to try it again if I'm in the neighborhood.
delicious. probably the best Bahn Mi style sandwich I've had in NYC
A brief introduction to the humble bánh mì: This origins of this sandwich can be tied to the late 18th century, when Vietnam fell under French colonial rule, and bread made its first introduction to the country. The bánh mì of this time was a characteristically French concoction, made of baguette, butter, and ham or pâté. It wasn't until nearly two centuries later when the country regained independence that the Vietnamese were free to experiment with their own native ingredients and flavors; over time, the bánh mì has evolved to become a widely recognized and enjoyed sandwich. Xe May Sandwich Shop, a small, hole-in-the-wall joint in the East Village, is one of many eateries specializing in the bánh mì. As expected of the area, it can seat only a few guests at a time and only accepts cash. The menu is written behind the counter, and in addition to offering a few varieties of the bánh mì, also has tacos, salads, and rolls available as well. After a little debate, I opted to get the Super Cub Classic, which the cashier informed me was their most popular sandwich on the menu. The sandwich was brought out within a few minutes, and even just based on first appearance, was well composed. The ratio of filling to bread was spot on, and all the filling and garnishes evenly distributed across. The filling consisted of BBQ pork, headcheese (a terrine, not a dairy), pork roll, and a thin layer of pâté, an amalgamation of savory proteins that somehow managed to work without clashing; there was a balance of richness, a little spice, and texture that held throughout the entire sandwich. The addition of pickled carrots and radishes, cucumbers, cilantro, and a sriracha-mayo rounded out the acidity and crunch, working in tandem with the proteins. And the bread, a white baguette that was lightly pressed so that the exterior was dry and a little flaky, but the white bread was still soft and and doughy, ensured a satisfactory number of chews until the last few bites. Creating a great bánh mì is part art, part science. It's easy to overcomplicate what originally started as a simple sandwich, but Xe May has done it justice. It's a viable option for lunch, or a lighter dinner, and the more than reasonable prices make it an ideal spot to put in the regular rotation.
Come here for a delicious twist on the classic Vietnamese banh mi. If you've never had banh mi, or just don't enjoy banh mi (I hope this statistic is near zero), give the guy's at Xe May a try, it's sure to please any palate.
Not much else to add that 360+ other reviewers haven't said. Have been twice, both times got the Classic. Prob the best banh mi in the East Village...good banh mi bread, good fillings, go for the extra spicy if you like spice...
Excellent sandwiches! We ordered one to try and then decided on ordering another before we even finished the first one. Definitely come in for one of their sandwiches. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly and service is fast. They also offer a loyalty card. Mine was completed very quickly.
Excellent viet fast food! This place keeps their word and makes everything fresh, so bare with them for a little wait. The last time I went, I only got 2 tacos and no water. The tacos are good if you are a bit full. Definitely not getting water or any drink was a terrible idea since all their sandwiches/ tacos are spicy to begin with! I would definitely recommend opting for the sandwiches to get a more satisfying experience. As for the taste wise, they were soooo good!! I'm definitely coming back here for more. Service here is excellent. The staff are all super kind and patient. There was a lady that changed her mind last minute because she was scared she couldn't tolerated the spicyness. The sandwich-assembler subsequently made her a whole new one; thus, throwing out the old "spicy" one. At this place, you know that as a costumer you'll come first!
Great sandwiches, tacos, garden rolls, and salads. I just randomly walked in one day and have been back about 20 times since. I've sampled pretty much everything but the Lambretta and the garden rolls are the two things I order the most frequently.  The staff is very friendly as well.
This is my favorite go to place whenever I get the chance. *Things to keep in mind* -This place is CASH ONLY. Always bring change because the $6.50 sandwiches become $7.08 (so annoying!! 92 cents back in change). And the $7.00 sandwiches become $7.62 after tax. -Also when you eat, place the sandwich upside down because the toasted bread will cut the top of your mouth. To avoid, make sure the bottom of the bread is up when eating! Now to the review So far I've tried most of the sandwiches on the menu and I can say that they are all good. I don't know who came up with these crazy names (Like "The PIlot"  or "The Sidecar" lol like whut...)  but honestly they are all pretty much the same with different meat. My favorite: The Hog/The sidecar My least favorite: Lambretta (still almost good as the hog but I just don't really like the hint of curry in it). Each sandwich comes with pickled carrots, thin slices of cucumbers, and the choice of meat depending on what you get. The sandwiches pretty much vary from the unique sauces they put in different sandwiches along with the type of meat. So you can't ever get a "bad" sandwich since they're all almost identical. You can also order it spicy, medium, or no spice. *If you order spicy, they will put raw jalopeno slices. So be careful if you can't handle the heat! Now aside from the sandwiches, I've tried the lemongrass chicken taco. The taco is relatively small but packed with flavor. The only bad part about my taco was that the chicken was a bit dry. I'm sure there are better Bahn mi places in NY, but this place gets well deserved 5 stars for the quality and for the $$.
Had the Super Cub Classic along with a vietnamese ice coffee.  I've had a lot of vietnamese sandwiches.  Xe May Super Cub to me is a more refined sandwich.  You can taste the quality in the ingredients.  It's a great sandwich, I could've had 2 of them.  Too bad I have to watch my weight.  I hope the quality remain the same for a long long time and I look forward to going  back again.
Yum! Talk about a hole in the wall - it's hard to even see this place. Inside it is a sort of hipster Vietnamese sandwich shop. I got the hog which was really excellent and perfectly prepared. My friends both got vermicelli which they really enjoyed. My friend also got the basil lime drink which was very refreshing. Very friendly service. Definitely recommend! They even have stamped drink cards if you are a regular and a great lunch special during the week.
Okay so as a Viet person, I've been continuously seeking out banh mi places because well.. it's part of my Viet diet. I crave it and must have it when I crave it. I was introduced to this place by a friend and I have to say, I'm very glad for this recommendation! The banh mi here I approve. Location : Near St. Marks place (right across from Yaffa cafe and next to Dumpling man) Easy to get to Actual place : I really like the decor and atmosphere here. It's very .. cute. I think cute is the right adjective to describe it. It's playful and modern but not in a pretentious kind of way. The shop itself is very small, there are probably 4 seats for quick eat ins only, so this is definitely a TAKE OUT/TO GO type place or a very quick bite. They have a big blackboard menu and it's pretty straight to the point. Service : The guys who werk here are really nice. There's not much of a "service" really here because they just take your order and give you your banh mis/food/drink. lol but they can cater to your needs for your specific banh mi if you ask nicely - like extra mayo or patte whatnot. I went during a down time so it was very chill. Just two guys operating and the atmosphere seem very relax and not intimidating - majority of the customers came alone actually. Food : I know a lot of people who are banh mi fanatics would say they are overpriced and their banh mis are not traditional and it's not all the hype etc.. but lets be real, we're in NYC. lol For that, I judge the banh mi in NYC standards. (Trust me, there are not a lot of good/legit banh mis in NYC at all.) I really enjoyed the Super Classic. I agree they could add in a bit more meat but for me, the banh mi (baguette itself) blew me away. I was wondering why the banh mi had a slight yellow tint to it? Either they buttered it or it's part potato bread? Either way it was really good! And I believe the foundation of a good banh mi lies solely on the bread!! Additional to that, I usually don't like my bread toasted, but I didn't know it came toasted.. it makes a huge difference from the usual banh mis I've had. I like it ... it added a different flair to it. I like to say though, these banh mis are more of a "designer" banh mi where it's slightly tricked out with more modern touches. So, don't expect the traditional Vietnamese banh mi. Paired with the banh mi, you MUST MUST MUST get the Basil Limeade Fizz. My god, these are sooo refreshing and has the right amount of sweetness. I seriously took some time to look through my drink like a confused ree ree trying to figure out what makes this drink so good? Perplexed and amazed. It's so good. AND IT'S ONLY 2.50! what a steal. They also have other food selections like tacos, vermicelli (viet white noodle salad things) where they're more like entrees. I don't really feel the need to try those since I just want to go here solely for banh mis. But just FYI. Overall : I'm coming back for sure when I'm in the area / in a banh mi mood. I will have to try "the hog" next. I was going between the classic or hog while I was there but thought I'd try a safety first. I hope they will survive in the area, since St. Marks has the reputation for high turnovers for restaurants and Xe May is fairly new. I don't want them to close down so go eat their food!! lol I think their pricing is pretty fair for what it's worth .. the banh mis are from 6 to 650 and the drinks are like 2.50. It's pretty average priced for banh mis that AREN'T in Chinatown. Ps. They don't get the full 5 star because in my heart, the best banh mi ever so far for me is this banh mi place in Orlando, Fl. LOL
This was a very enjoyable vietnamese sandwich. I got the super cub sandwich. It is a bit westernize with the chipotle mayo but overall I would definitely go again to try another one. I also got it to be xtra spicy but it was just a hint of spice and not really spicy at all so I hope they see this and step it up a bit.
I ordered the meatball and provolone banh mi.  The cheese was missing; it seems that mayonnaise was substituted.   I asked for it not spicy, but the only discernible flavor was black pepper.  This is unfortunate, as the ingredients seemed to be good quality.
The Classic Club is the standard Bahn Mi that you see everywhere.   If you are looking for the best Bahn Mi in the city, this is not it. However, outside of Chinatown, you'd be hard pressed to find something of better value at $6.50. We also had the pork vermicelli. It was solid. Decent flavor, but nothing spectacular. Overall, a solid place of you are looking for cheap and decent take out.
so delicious and cheap that's all you need to know
Oh sweet heavens, how is it that I'm now just trying this place out. It's so good to the point it all doesn't make sense. Salty, sweet, savory all in a buttery hero. The hog and club are amazing! The lamb taco and lemongrass taco gets a thumbs up as well. The service was prompt and friendly. Not much seating room inside but the neighborhood is entertaining in itself so grab a sandwich and chill out on a stoop.
Growing up in San Jose and Westminster spoiled me silly with good Vietnamese food. I've had the worst time finding bo kho as good as my grandmother's in NYC, but when I'm hankering for Viet food, this is where I go. The guys who run the place are pretty awesome. The banh mi are not super traditional but there's something to be said about innovation. I'm a big fan of the lambretta - lamb curry banh mi seems unheard of but it's brilliant. neu may khong thich, may dien.
The bf and I were on a semi food crawl with a couple of friends.  Unfortunately one of the spots was closed so we stopped by Xe May instead.  I was actually really full by the time we came in so I just got the Iced Lychee green tea.  This was super refreshing and surprisingly light.  I thought it would be really sweet like most lychee drinks but this was very balanced.   The bf ordered the Hog, spicy.  Of course, as full as I was, I had to take a bite.  Oh my, the chili mayo was awesome.  The grilled pork sandwich was absolutely delicious.  I caught myself having more than one bite despite my expanding waistline.  I definitely need to stop by again!
the place to go in the east village for banh mi and iced coffee. i think the iced coffee is $2. if they start getting greedy and jacking up prices, i don't care how nice the people are, minus star! keep keep keep.
I had three different sandwiches, The Pilot (lemongrass chicken), The Hog (pork), and the Classic (sliced meat).  We were really excited about this place because the Bao place that we used to go on St. Mark's up on the block is "GONE".   Anyway, it all tastes the same to me.  I didn't fall in love with any of the sandwiches that we got even though they all tasted quite good.   Will come again but will not be my first choice.
not as good as its competitors in terms of taste and size. the chicken (pilot) is better than the classic--howwhatwhy!!! i don't eat lamb but my friends say the lamb is better than the classic too. it makes me sad ): please add more meat to the classic! it's very lacking. i'm sorry to say but i definitely agree with Kevin W.--baoguette's is so much better. the basil limeade fizz was..................not good. it would have been much better with mint instead of basil but i guess they wanted to be new/interesting. and the result of that is a drink that tastes like cold fizzy pho soup.
The flavors were good, the veggies were fresh and tasty, but the bread was too crunchy. It cut both my top and bottom hard palettes to the point where I couldn't bite into the sandwich.  I had to take a bite of the filling, tear a chunk of bread off, then pop it into my mouth. I've really been into bánh mì lately, so after reading reviews, I decided to give this place a try, and I got the Super Cub. It is definitely a hole-in-the-wall - almost walked right by it. The guy working the counter was super friendly, and it had a cool vibe. It's very small, a place where you'll get take out to eat in the park. There's a small bar with a few chairs if you want to sit, but there's not a lot of space. I'll be back to try it again. Maybe I just came at the wrong time when the bread had been sitting in the toaster too long (or however it's prepared).
Vegetarian taco and the garden roll is amazing.
Once upon a time, there was an extremely underrated vietnamese sandwich shop called Xe May Sandwich Shop (96 Saint Marks Pl, New York, NY) in the East Village. Then one day, some jackasses spray painted all over the front sign so people kept walking past it. During Ailsa the food blogger's next visit to Xe May, she saw this, got very very angry and decided to write about how AMAZING their sandwiches are. My blogpost continues here: choppedinnewyork.wordpre…
me like this place! got the super cub spicy and damn those fresh jalapeños. damn they really burned my mouth. But I loved it. I even added extra siracha sauce to my sandwich. I also loved the basil limeade (sweet with a perfect hint of basil)  which was a perfect way to cool down after my really spicy sandwich.
this review has been a long time comin'. Xe May is hands down my favorite banh mi in manhattan, or at least that I've tried. It's better quality than places in chinatown, and cheaper than Num Pang (plus bigger sandwiches). I've tried almost everything on the menu and it's all super fresh, delicious, and made-to-order. Their $8 sandwich+drink+snack weekday lunch special is KILLER and their stamp cards are da' bomb (I've gone through at least three, hehe). My personal favorite is the Lam'bretta, unique and so freaking good...try it!
I believe that in this increasingly foodie-obsessed, techno-centric culture we live in, people are prone to hyperbole.   They pretend that a good meal, or a fricken' sandwich, amounts to some transcendent experience or some sort of gastronomic benediction.   So I never expect much.  I live in a town where there are so many great Vietnamese sandwiches, I could eat at different places each day for an entire year; and besides becoming morbidly obese, I'd still have more places to try, more delicious sandwiches to shove down my gullet.   Imagine my surprise, when the best Vietnamese sandwich I had ever eaten came from the East Village.  Not that New York isn't a multi-cultural hotbed of fine cuisine.   But come on, a Vietnamese sandwich? Maybe, that's the sign of something great.  It's conflicting, pinging my emotions all around, throwing logic out the door.  To my dismay and pleasure, I must confess, Xe May is the best! Now, every time I'm in New York, I have to eat here.  I don't want to portend greatness, but if they keep this up, they'll become an institution; and I'm really going to be angry that I don't live closer. Hell, I may just even move to the East Village.
Tried the super cub classic (medium) & the hog (spicy) - both were delicious, the whole wheat bread was amazing (nicely toasted) and the veggies in the sandwiches were fresh & well-pickled. It would have been perfect if there had been a little more meat in both sandwiches but sadly for NYC, its std for the prices they charge. The service was great - the guy working the cash register was very friendly and offered to stamp the frequent customer card when he saw me checking the cards out even way after we paid. One thing to note was that their card machine was out of order "that day"...unclear if this is regular occurrence so bring cash just in case!
Delicious $6 banh mi sandwiches. Next time I go, I'll order less spicy at the register and let the table sriracha do the talking. Owned by 2 dudes who rang me up and cooked themselves. Great music, tiny but adequate space. Hiiighly recommended for a quick lunch break in the neighborhood.
What separates Xe May from your average Bánh mì is the crunch. That lovely sound that echos in your mouth from a nice toasted baguette. Even better, Xe May is one of the cheaper food options in the St. Mark's area. Super Cub Classic ($6.50) - It's the traditional bánh mì blueprint with BBQ Pork, headcheese, pork roll, and a thin spread of pate with a bunch of pickled carrots and cilantro to balance out the flavors. It's the safe choice since flavors are not too bold or spicy yet delicious. (8/10) The Hog ($6.50) - While looking at the menu, I kept hearing the words "the hog" from the direction of the cashier. I guess that's a good sign since everyone else is ordering it. No regrets as this sandwich was awesome as well. The hog is filled with grilled ground pork, sliced shallots, carrots, and cilantro. For a mild, it still had a kick from the bold spicy flavored pork meat. (8/10) This is a small food joint with only a couple of stools and a wall table so seating is not guaranteed. But as the weather warms up, just proudly show off your sandwich outside.
This place is awesome!  Two dudes who own this place do a great job.  The Pilot (chicken) was great but the Lam'Bretta may have been better. Has a kick though.  Lychee Green Tea was good too, but needs a little more lychee.  Definitely a place I will visit again.
Oh my god, the bahn mi I got was PHENOMENAL. I got the Hog Sandwich, which is filled with a ton of grilled, thinly sliced pork, pickled carrots, cucumber, cilantro, scallion oil, and fried shallots. The pork was amazing - seasoned just right and so tender. Veggies were the perfect balance between sweet and sour and had a great crunch. Whatever sauce they spread on the sandwich was also delicious and had a nice kick (I think there was sriracha...). Also, my sandwich was only $6.50!! That's so much cheaper than Num Pang (which also has delicious sandwiches but not at this price). I will definitely be going back to Xe May to try their other sandwiches!
At this place, it's all about the quality baguette, great head cheese, and great pate.  This is a good hearty sandwich that will just make you happy from the inside out. Plus, the guys that work there are super friendly and fun.   Prices here are great for the fresh quality ingredients you get.  The bread is always perfectly toasted.  They have whole wheat baguette too, if you're feeling healthy.  I always stick with the Super Cub Classic.  It IS super classic, and it never disappoints.  Especially if you don't skimp on the head cheese, pate, or hot sauce.  Yum! Note that the restaurant is small and there are maybe only 5 counter seats.  It's a quick eat & go type of place.  Orders also take quick some time -- about 10-15 minutes for your order, whether you ordered 1 sandwich or 4.  All that is totally worth it regardless.   Best banh mi in the city I think.  Hands down.   But don't tell everyone i said that.
Got the spicy lambreta and it was tastyyy. I've got a high spice tolerance, but I can't imagine the heat packed in the extra spicy! Fresh bread, veggies, and meat filling. They could've added a little more lamb, but tis all good.
Modified banh mi! Stopped by here for a quick dinner before getting my haircut. I got the "hog" to go and was going to only eat half, but it was so good that I just ended up demolishing the whole sandwich right on the spot. Price is good too and the guys that work there were so nice. They even brought out a tray for me since I had decided to stay. There's not much seating minus a few stools so you gotta either take it to go or hope that there's an open seat for you. Cheap eats in the village! I shall be returning for another hog or something new!
The best Banh MI I've had so far.  The place is small with limited counter seating only.  That said,  I would eat here standing on my head! I had the Hog which is a pork and scallion sandwich.  It came out hot and Toasty. Sooo good.  These sandwiches are inhalants! Everything u need to know is on the wall behind the register. cant wait to go back and try rest of menu.
Best bahn mi in NYC.  The Classic is a perfect mix of (mystery) meats and pickled veggies.  The bread is toasted and delicious.  $6! The Hog is also very tasty grilled pork version.  $6.50 If you like Nicky's Vietnamese Sandwiches- this kicks their ass.   Dave and Allan are also super friendly, hard working and just super awesome guys that you just want to support!  They introduced themselves to me as we ordered our sandwiches and talked about the neighborhood.  GREAT STUFF! ---UPDATE--- 8/5/2012 Just wanted to write a quick update on their catering. Great place to get catering for your next event!  We had our party catered by Xe May yesterday.  Everyone loved the different sandwiches- mad props from all our friends.  The Classic was a hit as expected.  People also loved the Lam'bretta, the Pilot, and the Hog.  The vegetarian option was also very good with tasty dried tofu.  Sandwiches were still great after 2 hours. The guys were on time and extremely professional.  All the trays were labelled and packaged nicely.  They also provided menus and descriptions of each sandwich.   They were so easy and pleasant to deal with.   The guys even followed up with an email after the event!  Awesome experience; awesome food- can't go wrong!  We cannot stop raving about the overall experience. We are so happy they are in the neighborhood.  Another great find via Yelp! Woohoo!
So far, I've been only giving out 4 stars for Viet Sandwich shops because I find that something is always missing in the mix. All of these shops have their pros and cons and that's what differentiate them from the rest. -Nam Pang is more Americanized but their menu has a very interesting mix of varieties. I found their Pork Belly to be a bit bland but their bread is the best I've tasted so far. -JoJu is an excellent option when you're in the Queens area and their meats are on the sweeter side. But the bread is a little bit on the crispy side. -Banh Mi Saigon (In Chinatown) is still by far my favorite, but their bread doesn't do the sandwich any justice. As for Xe May, they bring on another twist into the mix. This is a small shop with about 5 stools and 3 guys running the show. Once you place your order, they immediately assemble the sandwich together. You also have an option on how spicy you would like your sandwich to be. I opted for the Super Club Classic sandwich with medium spice which entails a spicy mayo sauce made with Sriracha (similar to the ones you get in Japanese restaurants). Xe May is definitely more authentic compared to Nam Pang and the slices of BBQ pork and headcheese are very flavorful. However, I'm always having trouble with the bread. If any Viet Sandwich place can make their meats as flavorful as Xe May, Joju, and Banh Mi Saigon with Nam Pang's  bread, I'd automatically give them a 5 star rating. I didn't get to try their Ice Lemonade with Basil or their Ice Lychee Green Tea, but they look delicious!
This place is great.  It is cheap, clean, and delicious.   The people working there are really nice and down to earth.   The food was amazing.  I tried the classic and the lamb.  Both were really good.  I also got the lime-basil drink.  It was so refreshing on a hot summer day.   the place is kinda small and I wish they had a real table.  they only have like this lunch counter thing.   maybe put a table outside?
Amaze-balls! Perhaps the one place where they've achieved a supreme a carb to filling ratio and balanced tang with spicy umami. Super Cub Classic, you have ruined me for all future banh mi's. Bread was warm, crusty, toasty and not too thick. Perfectly pickled carrots pushed up nicely against all that salty, sweet pork & pate. Spicy mayo - nice touch. Did I feel uncomfortable dropping 6.50 on a much smaller sandwich than I'd ever get below Broome St? Yes. Then I took that first bite. Totally, completely worth it.
I've been to several Banh Mi shops, but this is hands down the best I've ever had. I got the Super Cub Classic, which came to $6.53 after tax. The bread was perfect: crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The ingredients were fresh and warm. The only downside is that I came when the shop was almost empty, but it still took 10 minutes to make. I'd imagine it could take longer if it was crowded. Well worth the wait though. The shop is small, with only a small counter and a few stools for people who want to eat inside. Better take it to go if you can.
NOPE, sorry not sorry. I was in the city looking for a quick bite and found Xe May.  I wasn't offered the choice of breads so I guess that special option is reserved for celebs or something.  I ordered the Super Cub Classic sandwich.  I see that some reviewers called it SuperClub, but it wasn't spelled that way on the board. I opted for a medium spice level since jalapeno tends to make me cry like a baby; the medium was just sriracha sauce.  I needed more spicy kick to my sandwich- the thin cuts of meat were lacking in flavor.  The baguette was overly toasted and scraped the roof of my mouth.  Not exactly the roof I wanted on fire.   I would also like to point out how deceiving some of the pics posted are.  My sandwich looked nothing like your envy-inducing photos!  Mine was thin and flat while your pics are like hungry Rolie Polies! On Friday night, I waited about 10 minutes for one sandwich, which was at the top end of the typical wait time.  A guy came in and ordered after I did, and he was a curious cat, asked a few questions about "head cheese" and things of the sort.  I was glad he did because I certainly didn't know, and to be honest, it really sounded unappetizing.  FYI, it's the flesh taken from a pig's head. After he left, the staff commented on how many questions he had.  I really didn't agree that 3 questions was a lot, and when it's bitching cold outside and the wait is 10 minutes within a small cramped space, it's not so bizarre to strike up conversation.  You never know who's listening so it's best to save your NBC commentary for your downtime.
Was so hungry and crabby walking around st marks. The last thing I thought I wanted was a sandwich - but Xe may looked so inviting, clean, full of character simple fast and cheap. And the yelp reviews were awesome So we ate and werent disappointed. Curry lamb sandwich and classic club are toasted banh mi with fresh carrots and cucumber and great Amt of slice on the salty meat. So so fresh and good and satisfying on all levels. Shrimp and papaya salad and basil drink were all awesome - guys workin there were so cool. Love love Love - I'm coming back!
Been twice now for lunch.  Good spot to grab something quick and either eat on the few seats there or, better, take it to go and eat in the park down the block.
The bahn mi here is very, very good. Not too expensive, either! I've had the vegetarian bahn mi and the soy mushroom vermicelli (i think that's what it's called?) and, while I loved them both, the sandwich stands out. My boyfriend says the tacos are delicious and that the meat is really great. You will not regret coming here, friends.
OMG this is the best Banh Mi in all of NYC. Yes, that good. I ordered the Super Cub Classic that's STUFFED with BBQ pork, headcheese, pork roll, pate plus all the veggies like carrots, cucumber, cilantro and hot peppers. You pick either white bread or wheat, there is no other banh mi place that gives you a choice of bread. I got it on white because I'm not on a diet. The bread is served warm and it's toasted, so when you take a bite it has a crunch. They ask you how SPICY you want it: medium, spicy, or extra spicy and they tune the heat to your liking. There's no waiver needed to get it extra spicy, you're at fault for eating food that hot. I got it spicy and it had a kick with the sliced jalapeño peppers, but you can still turn it up a notch by squeezing Sriracha sauce all over it. Bottles, yes more than one of it, are available at the counter where you eat. There is a 1:1 (Sriracha:Mouth) ratio here. I wish I visited this place sooner. I want one now. Xe May Sandwich accepts credit cards and has seating, unlike some locations of Num Pang (if you can call that the competition). They also have tacos, vermicelli dishes, salads, and Vietnamese drinks like a basil limeade fizz. Plus they are on Seamless.
Sensational sandwiches - thank you, Yelp! I live in LA and am hoping these guys franchise on the west coast, haha. Both The Hog and The Duc were superb, fresh, and beautifully seasoned. Will definitely come back if I am in the neighborhood.
This place serves a solid sandwich. Years and years ago, when I first discovered banh mi, I would go to this tiny shop in the Bronx which has since shut down. Those banh mi tasted like something so completely out of this world - out of this country - those fresh and unexpected flavors! I haven't really found anything quite like it since then. Xe May's banh mi are awesome and amazing and fresh and delicious - but they taste a little more fancy and refined than my beloved Bronx banh mi. Which isn't a bad thing. I just haven't found a replacement for my holy grail of banh mi yet. I had the Super Cub Classic on whole wheat (spicy) with an iced lychee green tea and my boyfriend had The "Pilot" (medium) on whole wheat with the fresh basil limeade fizz. Where to start? The drinks were incredibly refreshing. Really nice for a hot summer day while we sat and recovered from the sun in their tiny little shop. The sandwiches were ready in about 5-10 minutes. Not a long wait at all. And I would have been willing to wait longer for what came next. The Super Cub Classic is sweet and spicy and crisp and pickle-y; the chili mayo adds a nice creamy kick. All of the flavors mesh and the cilantro stands out pleasingly against all of the meaty-cheesy goodness. The "spicy" addition (jalapeño and sriracha) definitely adds some heat. It left me wishing my drink was a little bit larger. But I love spice so I definitely recommend it. Most of all though, I was really blown away by the whole wheat hero. It was soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. The bread definitely made the sandwich for me. Overall, this is a great sandwich but not my ideal banh mi. I will definitely be coming back to Xe May - but maybe only after I try a couple new banh mi places. Next time I definitely want to try the tacos. And the vietnamese iced coffee. And maybe even go for the "Xtra Spicy"...
So tasty......I tried a few things there during my brief visit...lemongrass chicken, curried lamb and the hog. All the ingredients blended well, especially topped off with the shredded veggies. Love it!!
A hole in the wall place with solid bahn mi's. I had the hog and the pork was grilled to perfection. I would have preferred the pickles vegs to be more pickled. It would be such a nice contrast with the grilled meat. This is a good place to go but if there's a num pang near by I would suggest to go num pang instead.
Very strong new contender in the banh mi field.  The veggie option was crispy, crunchy, hot, and spicy-the perfect combination of flavors and textures for a banh mi.
Hands down best banh mi in all of NYC! For the record, I've tried Banh Mi Saigon, Baoguette, Luu's Baguette and Saigon in chinatown. Although the bbq pork at Banh Mi Saigon is delicious and tastes like pork candy, Xe May wins the all around best. Why? The banh mi (here called the Super Cub Classic - all sandwiches named after cars!) is perfection. Freshly baked bread (so yummy!) and lovingly made you can taste the passion and pride the guys here put into their sandwich making. As much as I hate cilantro, and I know it's supposed to be a classic ingredient, it's perfectly delcious without it and the guys here always remember to leave it off for me. Is that great customer service or what? The meatballs are also great but I always find myself going back to the Super Cub Classic, spicy, no cilantro. :)
The classic sandwich is good and only costs $6.50.
Saw great reviews here on Yelp, so tried it out today. Ladies and Gents - We have a WINNER!!! We ordered a couple of the Super Cub Specials.. this is the most popular sandwich and comes with ample meat, lots of super fresh veggies and (maybe) a special sauce, stuffed between this awesome bread (more on that later). This sandwich was fantastic and now sits on the top of our list. Let me spend a moment on their bread, a unique loaf loaf that is made just for them (I asked).   This is not the standard French style roll or baguette, with light airy consistency and little to no flavor to the bread.   The Xe May roll is more of a rustic-style, brioche-yellow colored bread, that actually has a pleasant flavor, and has a crispy outer shell, the bottom slightly covered in cornmeal left over from baking on a hot stone (much like the bottom of a thin pizza crust).  This bread, slightly toasted and filled with the fresh, traditional Vietnamese fillings made this sandwich outstanding to us.   So good in fact, that after we ate our sandwiches in the park, we went right back to the restaurant and ordered 4 more to take home to others. The one downside here was the coffee. We ordered a couple of the iced Vietnamese coffees, but unfortunately, we had to throw those away.  It was very weak flavored - maybe too much water or ice - not the rich, bold roast of traditional Vietnamese coffee sweetened with condensed milk.  But this is NOT a show-stopper.  We will go back for the sandwiches, and get our coffee elsewhere! There are several other items on the menu we want to try as well.  Highly recommend you give this place a try.
it is with a fiery mouth, runny nose and tears in my eyes that i write this.  i have never had banh mi hurt - or taste - so good.   while i'm not veg, i prefer non-meat and i was a bit hesitant to go for the mushroom/tofu.  not apprehensive, mind you, but was on the fence because the pilot looked really good, too. the mean green is a misnomer, because it was kind to me.  i think i've found a new favorite sandwich.  crisp, crusty rolls that are perfectly soft inside.  grilled mushroom and tofu that provide the perfect heft and texture for a meatless sandwich.  cilantro and pickled carrots that give the perfect bite in every bite. i asked for spicy and they have a generous hand.  but it was just the right amount to give it that often elusive kick. i could go on...but i still have half a sandwich to eat.
Recently, I was stranded at LGA overnight.  Frustrated, tired, hungry, my vacation being screwed up (since I was supposed to be in VA) My only thought, facing a snow storm and uncertain flights the next day... "I wonder when Xe May closes...TAXI!" Bravo boys, as good as ever.  Super Cub FTW. See my earlier reviews for details.  They haven't changed.
I ONLY go here for my banhi mi cravings. The hog + ice lychee green tea = 2 thumbs up! I live in Queens and I go all the way to here to eat. Definitely worth the trip.
Oh man, this was a VERY good experience, from the vibe of the place, to the food, to the service (FAST) and not to mention the price (only one $). Ahhh, best papaya salad I've had, and the shrimp was sooooo good!!! Im literally in love with this place. The lamb coconut curry sandwich sounded great but I've been cutting back on meat lately, I'm sure it's great. Tacos are a great snack if you need a small bite. I most definitely will return, this place made me happy :))))
I went there last week....I had super cub classic and the summer roll...the price was very fair...the bread was soft and the sandwich was good!!! I personally like the  summer roll and the sauce....I asked about the sauce, the boss said they tried so many different ways to make this sauce and I really love it...Next time I may go and try the garden roll...it is a good place to try different style viet sandwich...
Great place! Tiny tiny interior but amazing flavors! I recommend the Pilot. All the sandwiches are amazing though AND all of them are less than $8!) There wasn't much seating available but according to my friend, there is a park nearby. A little inconvenient for hot days where you want to sit inside. Nonetheless, this was a great find and I'll definitely be back!!
Excellent sandwich. I went very recently with two friends on a food tour but I can't wait to go back to wolf down an entire sandwich myself! We ordered the Super Cub Classic... and it was amazingly delicious. The bread was war, toasty, and just right. I will not diss the nearby banh mi eateries because the one I've been to (Baoguette) is also quite good. No need to put down competitors unless the food was truly subpar and/or if service was unacceptable. The two young men here were very nice and friendly. I assume they are co-owners, and they just started out. I wish them all the success in the world, and I will definitely return more times to sample their other sandwiches. If you're in the area, do stop by. You will not be disappointed!
One of the better Banh Mi establishments I've eaten at. As a Vietnamese-American, Banh Mi for me has always been a basic meal that is supposed to be quick, cheap, and tasty. Though their price is a bit on the steeper side in comparison to other places, I still recommend Xe May for the overall quality of their sandwiches. There's lots of flavor, and the bread is crunchy but not rock hard. That in itself already beats out many other Banh Mi places who offer their sandwiches for cheaper.
2Nd review of this place. Surprise picnic for my boyfriend-ordered 2 of every taco they had. Super heaven land. My fave--the pork taco. Or the meatball. Or the vegetarian. The chicken, steak, and lamb however are pretty damn amazing. I personally prefer just one tortilla. End up taking the second one off. The guys who work here are so warm and welcoming. They really understand community. Added plus for feeling like when I eat here, I am supporting a local made from the ground up business.
Xi'an Famous foods was closed so we were disappointed--but alas we popped open the "Nearby" function and up came Xe May. I wasn't sure what I wanted so I asked the dude what his top 3 was "The Super, the Hog, and the Sidecar" So the hog I ordered (spicy) I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the sandwich. Though it doesn't seem to make sense at first..there was a weird level of balance to the sandwich. (Try it and you'll understand it) My gf was actually surprised herself at how much she enjoyed it (we've gotten somewhat tired of Banh MI like sandwiches). If I'm in the area, I would definitely hit this place up again. ESPECIALLY at that price point. Drinks: I ordered the Iced Viet coffee--tasted a bit weird but that's fine. (Had a chalkiness to it) but I can't say I was terribly put off by it. My GF ordered the Iced Lychee Green Tea and I was expecting some novelty, super syrupy sweet concoction, but it was actually pretty good. (def recommend).
Simply awesome. Good food, good people, good prices. I'm a bit worried that this place is going to make me both fat and broke, but it's definitely worth it. I'd recommend the Pilot: nice and meaty, with a great combination of flavors.
The obvious comparison is Num Pang... These guys have a different style, with several different and delicious meat choices, but the baguette... honestly the best around.  Super flavorful and crusty. It's hard to loosen the Num Pang pork belly stranglehold but these guys put up a strong alternative.
These guys are the best - so hard working and will do anything to make you happy. The hog taco is by far the best and their pork vermicelli is amazing - always ask for it spicy, they give you the concentrated spicy sauce that is bomb. Make sure to get a stamp card - 1 stamp for every $5 spent. They're cheap but that stamps add up quickly. Lychee green tea is also extremely refreshing. LOVE THEM!
Easily one of the tastiest banh mi shops in the city.  There is nothing else quite like wolfing down a generously sized sandwich to completely undo a sweaty yoga session at YTTP a few blocks down.   My favorite sandwich is the hog (juicy grilled pork with scallion oil), but when I want to feel a little less guilty, I'll go for the pilot (lemongrass chicken).   Of course, the classic  sandwich and the sidecar (grilled beefsteak) are also fantastic.  The bread is always crisp and warm, while the filling is just abundant enough to hit the spot.   Since my first experience at Xe May, I haven't been able to eat banh mi from any other shop in the city.  Even those $3.50 banh mis from Chinatown are not worth it to me anymore.
We just used Xe May to cater my husband's 50th birthday party. We frequent their shop for Bahn Mi and summer rolls. This place is great - the food is fresh and delicious and the atmosphere fun and hip. I worked with Alan and we ordered up a ton of shrimp and veggie summer rolls with this yummy peanut dipping sauce. They delivered everything on time and the summer rolls were amazing. These guys are hooking it up!Our guests loved the novelty of them for an appetizer and scarfed them down!! Head over there and sample their food - you will NOT be disappointed. Thanks Alan... see you soon.
i am an amazing bahn mi chaser...and this place is by far the best!!! the bread is really crispy on the outside and soft and tasty in the inside...the meat tastes soooo goood (got their classic) and they actually give u a lot of meat!!! the bread is so crispy and kind of big so it scratches thr roof of ur mouth but still worth it for me! i also got the taco, but the taco isnt that great..stick with the sandwich!! alsooo this is the cheapeat bahm mi sandwich of all the places ive gone to and by far the tastiest and most filling!
Beef sandwich rocks!
Probably the best bahn mi place in NY. My favorite place is in Australia and nothing has even come close to their standard until Xe may. The sandwiches are a little pricey for what it is, but the taste is amazing, so worth it in the end. The sandwiches come out nice and hot (I had the grilled pork) and the bread is wonderful and crunchy. I highly recommend the trip for the sandwich!
This is the best Viet sandwich I have ever had........I had the Super Cub Classic and it was so goooood....i especially liked the generous meat and the perfectly toasted bread.......i will be back soon
I've had Banh Mi in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and now new York....specifically Manhattan's Chinatown, flushing's Chinatown and nothing compares to the banh mi at Xe May. I mean the second you take a bite into the fresh and crunchy baguette, and all those flavors explode on your palate. The secret IMO is how nice and toasted the bread is. The pork is delicious. Not chewy, or dry. Just right. And all the vegetables are fresh and crunchy. I had 2 banh mi's: (yup 2 cause they are that good) Super Cub Classic - BBQ Pork, headcheese, pork roll, Paté & The Hog * Grilled pork, scallion Oil, fried shallots. Both were perfect!!! They also have tacos... I can't stop salivating over these...I had their Lemongrass Chicken Taco. I could have eaten 10!
I love this place and as a vegetarian have been impressed with the veggie options.  The bread is crispy and fresh.  The service is great.
one of the best sandwiches that i've put in my mouth in a long time. got the super cub classic and it was delicious. Bread was crunchy yet doughy - a perfect baguette for a bahn mi. would 100% return and recommend to anybody around the neighborhood.
The best Vietnamese sandwiches.  The best service. The best prices. You should eat here everyday. Truly the best part though are the SUPER friendly and down to Earth managers.  Maybe being from the South means that I crave sincere friendliness in restaurants; either way, these guys are really awesome.  They actually engage you in conversation and care when they ask how you're doing; a modern marvel in NYC. Plus, as my fellow Southerners would say, they put their foot in those sandwiches!  No, not literally.  That phrase means that they cook with heart and soul and you can taste the love in their food.  You should seriously eat here everyday.  Everyday.
After reading so many reviews on how this is the best banh mi place in manhattan, I had to try. I had my favorite - the super cub classic. I have to say when i got the sandwich, i wasn't overly excited about the size, it didn't exactly look stuffed like the pictures, instead even a bit flat. However, it was AMAZINGG. Perfectly pickled veggies, though I would have liked them to put more. Everything in the sandwich was the same temperature and i didn't even think it mattered before but it apparently did and it was perfection! Their lunch special deal is sandwich + drink + snack for $8. Their iced lychee green tea is very refreshing. Snack was like a small bag of chips or something. Of course, I have to compare it to chinatown's banh mi saigon for $4.25, with a bigger portion. Xe may seemed a little overpriced to me, even with a drink. Though, it really did make me feel satisfied and wanting for more, I would go again for their other creative sandwiches.
I love this place. Relatively cheap, and great-tasting fusion bahn mi sandwiches! Totally coming back here again.
It's the little things that count. Warm bread. It's more expensive than the other banh mi spots by ~$2, but the extra punch in flavor is well worth it. I've had a number of their sandwiches and they've all been superb. It just depends on my mood. I haven't had their tacos or salads, but I like how there are other options if I am with anyone else. It's a small space with a few stools around. It's also easy to miss because you have a to walk down a few steps, but it isn't too far from 1st Ave. Don't forget to get a frequent customer card!
I got the Grilled Pork Vermicelli. Definitely a tasty dish -- plenty of cilantro and mint leaves, and well-seasoned meat. However, between the price ($7.50) and after reading some of these reviews, I thought the portion size would have been larger (that's my only complaint). I'll have to go back to try the sandwiches. Friendly staff.
I admit I was skeptical at first, pineapple chutney on a banh mi?! or lamb?? come on now, this fusion madness has gotten a bit out of hand... But then I tried the Sidecar and Lambretta. I'm ashamed for ever doubting. Both are very creative and incredibly delicious. I also had the iced lychee green tea which was not overly sweet, if I remember correctly. They have a small counter seating area with about 5 stools. And Sriracha. Win. I wish we had something like this in the DC area.
I wasn't sold on this place when I walked by, but then I looked up the Yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot. We tried the classic cold cut sandwich which the worker recommended.  It was a solid sandwich with authentic vietnamese flavors. However, it is different that the bread was toasted.
On a hunt to find the best banh mi in NYC...Started out with this place. I had the classic for $6.50 and though the flavor was pretty good, there just wasn't enough of it. Not that much meat and a giant pile of carrots. Very little daikon and only 2 tiny sprigs of cilantro. I need my cilantro!!! It's just that for $6.50 you could do much better at other banh mi places, so I was pretty disappointed. Also the salads are mediocre.
heaaaaaaad cheeeeeeeeese bahn mi. bag of chips and viet ice coffee 8$ that hit the spot. yum.
My go-to place for banh mi. I usually pick between the Hog or the Super Cub Classic, no cilantro. It's better when you go to the restaurant in person rather than order delivery, but the dropoff in quality isn't by that much. The bread has good chew and crunch to it, they definitely don't skimp on the meat, and they consistently have fast delivery. I'm a spice fanatic, so I always order it with extra jalapeños and Siracha, and that spicy kick never disappoints. Docking a star because the hours are incredibly inconsistent. Sometimes when I order on Seamless, there is no response and Seamless has to apologize about the restaurant not responding. This has already happened 3 times now, and it's a bit frustrating that I have to play a guessing game as to whether my food will arrive on time, if at all. However, overall, the quality of these sandwiches is spectacular, the prices are more than reasonable, and the delivery (when they respond) is very fast. I'll keep playing the game for now, just because of those damn good sandwiches. I'll have to try the coconut curry lamb next time. Might be useful to call ahead next time to make sure they're still open.
this was where my friend, her husband and their 8 month old baby wanted to meet up with me. vietnamese sandwich shop? hell yeah ill meet you guys there and since i got there a bit earlier than they did, i went ahead and ordered 'the sidecar' which was freaking awesome. grilled meat and pineapple chutney, say whats? only $6.50 great deal. service was nice and like i said, my sandwich was awesome, even the bread. cool little shop, will definitely be back next time im in nueva york. its a tiny place, so im not sure it was the ideal place to go with a baby stroller but whatever, that kid aint mine so why should i even care? in fact, i just met him that day.
I tried their Beef & Pork ones. Nothing special. The bread is too crunchy, almost hurt my mouth. The beef is too hard to chew. I do not why they have a such high score on Yelp. Anyway just don't recommend it!
Food is always top notch here. Service is always excellent. Great spot for some tasty treats. Vegans be psyched, Xe May definitely has some tasty options!
Hands down top 3 bahn mi place in the city. However, call this place beforehand to make sure they're open or have enough bread. Being randomly closed on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon/evening is unacceptable. There were a number of times where I made the trek to east village for nothing. For that reason, I deduct 1/2 a star. But when you do get your hands on one of their bahn mis, you're in heaven. I've tried most of them, but my favorites are the Super Cub Classic and Sidecar. Really enjoyed the Iced Lychee Green Tea as well.
I gave the spot another chance and now I have multiple stamp cards.
Not bad. But not transcendent or anything. Bread for the banh mi is too doughy---more like an Italian hero roll than the proper light and crispy baguette. Also fillings not quite as thick and flavorful as say Saigon Shack.  With the doughy bread and rather thin fillings the banh mi is just too bread heavy.  But for $6 the lunch special is reasonable calories to dollars.
Awesome little indiscreet shop.  They have a small menu, but what's on it has been great so far.  For me, the bread makes or breaks the Vietnamese sandwich, and these guys have the best ratio of crunchy outside to fluffy inside I've had anywhere else.  Oh, and I love me some pork.
Came here a few weeks ago.  Got the #1 Bahn Mi and loved it.  Sure, this isn't the cheapest Bahn Mi in the city...but so far this is the best one I have tried.  Can't wait to go back and try the other types of sandwiches. This place also makes tacos...which is great for a cheap snack while you are in the area.  I got the lemongrass chicken taco and thought it was really good and a decent size for the price. Will return!
This place smells divine. I am gluten intolerant so it was sad to hear that mostly everything has soy sauce in it. If they switched to La Choy soy sauce (gluten-free) then all of us GF people could enjoy their food. You could easily order a sandwich without bread and have everything on rice instead. I haven't actually tried the food here, but my senses were filled with longing, my mouth was watering, and my friend ate a sandwich that looked super fresh and delectable. I will give it four stars for her delicious experience, and hope they change brands of soy sauce! They did mention that they get the GF question everyday!
Food: Great Cost Per Person: $10-25 What we got: The "Pilot" - Lemongrass Chicken Meal: Lunch Pay & Stay or Grab & Go Dress Code: Casual Bring: Anyone (Groups smaller than 4) Good to Know: Serves more than just sandwiches, they also make salads and tacos. Specify how spicy you want your food.
This was all around delicious. They make their own bread, right there. I didn't even know people still did that. I had the catflish, it was really good, the fish was very tasty. I would warn that their "medium spicy" is closer to my "very spicy".  If you're spice sensitive, i might order mild or without spice and then add it on as you like. Also note, there's no bathroom there!
I ordered the spicy lamb banh mi and was in heaven. I had to keep calm while I ate it since I was sitting in the park and people love staring at you when you eat and I didnt want to look too greedy. The meat was well seasoned and was a nice portion for the price. I read that their bread was crunchy and it was hot and toasty. I realize now I just prefer it hot and soft. Overall the sandwich was delicious and well made. I also had the green tea lychee drink that was just as delicious. I will definitely return to check out some other items on the menu.
Cheap, remarkably flavorful sandwiches and excellent flavored teas. Try the lychee green tea! Not much room for seating, so plan to take your sandwich over to Tompkins Square Park for a picnic :D
Been going here for over a year now. Love their sandwiches!! The meat ball sandwich is to die for!!! The other one I like is the chicken one. Can't remember their names. Best thing about this place is their consistency. Every time I come here it taste the same!
Get the hog, or anything else. Everything I've had so far is excellent.
Affordable go-to sandwich shop in EV. The classic club banh mi is their weakest item but most of their sandwiches are delicious. 3.5 Inconsistent hours. Make sure you call prior or you may find yourself in the hangry zone.
Not much to add to the rave reviews. It's just awesome to see a couple of guys who want to make great food, charge a really reasonable price for it, and consistently make their customers happy with fantastic execution. Great job Xe May!
Five stars because Xe May's banh mi may be the best banh mi in Manhattan. Num Pang's Cambodian sandwiches might be a second close in the category of sandwiches. Their banh mi is just beyond incredible. They have realigned my appreciation for banh mi in general.   We came on a Tuesday night after a stop at Proletariat few doors down. Offering the perfect, quick meal to satisfy the crave for banh mi, it's a very tiny sandwich shop that offers limited seating, no frills decor. With different options available, even aside from sandwiches, I opted for 'The Hog' Banh Mi (Grilled pork, scallion oil, fried shallots). They ask whether you like it spicy and type of baguette (white or wheat). I recommend asking to make it spicy and adding Sriracha sauce, which is supplied at the counter. Every sandwich comes served with toppings of fresh cilantro, pickled carrots, daikon, cucumber, and a drizzle of some chili mayo. After about 8 minutes prep time, our sandwiches arrived in perfect form. Their bread is super fresh and toasted to perfection. The individual ingredients and toppings mesh so well while the pork is amazingly tender and delightfully seasoned. Very clean eats; no oil or sauce drips from their sandwich. While I've had a share of different banh mi in Manhattan, Xe May has clearly exceeded all and surpassed my expectations. Look no further than Xe May if you're looking to discover the next best, or the best, Vietnamese sandwich in the city.
The proprietors at Xe May are very pleasant and respectful. They also make delicious sandwiches. I appreciate that they don't load their banh mi with chipotle mayo-like sauce, as they do at Ba Xuyen in Brooklyn; a little bit of condiment is good, but you do not want to drown out the other flavors (and there are many). My only recommendation would be to add a bit more cilantro to the mix. Overall, a great, cheap option for sandwiches in NY.
HOLY SMOKES! This place is da bomb as my 8th grade self would say. If you're around, nope actually if you like delicious sandwiches then start making your way here! Yes, Yes it is that good.
Before I walked in the shop, I didn't plan to finish whole sandwich so I asked to have it to go. After first bite, I couldn't stop finishing whole sandwich because it's freshness and flavor. Bread is so crush but doesn't lost chewiness. I ordered pilot which is with lemon grass chicken. It's full of flavor but some how you don't fee it's over power. Strongly recommend it for quick bite.
Stopped here for a late lunch.  The super club classic is great.  The assortment of meat, pickled condiments was packaged neatly into a crunchy baguette.  The mild (only has sirracha) was perfect giving contrast to the salt and vinegar of the filling.  If I could change something, I'd add more meat to the sandwich. I look forward to my next visit to try some of their other items.
I feel really guilty giving this place only 3 stars seeing how much yelpers love it. Maybe it was b/c I didn't get the chance to eat my sandwich until 5hrs after I bought it, but the sandwich bread was really hard and difficult to bite off by the time I got to eat it. I had the regular sandwich which seemed to have more carrots than meat. Still good nonetheless. Maybe I just had bad luck that day. I really hope I get a chance to try this place again and give it more stars.
Delicious
Simple menu, with a couple sodas and teas on offer for drinks, and two cookies for desert. The real draw is the fresh top notch banh mi sandwiches that for 6 dollars could feed two light eaters. Service was quick and friendly. The classic was exactly what you expect and delicious.
A little location on St. Mark's place. I always get the classic when I go to a new Vietnamese sandwich shop. It was pretty good! They forgot my order of summer rolls but they apologized and gave me a complimentary drink. The rolls were refrigerated so it would have been nice if it was a bit softer. Overall,  I will definitely come back.
I finally checked out this place today after having discovered it on a yelp search. Having grown up eating banh mi as a native, there are certain expectations one has. 1) bread quality. EXCELLENT crunch in the baguette was perfect.  Just wish the bread was scooped out -- less carbs, more crunch. 2) preserved veggies. OKAY. Needs to be a bit more sour and more well drained so as to not make the bread soggy. 3) fresh veggies. Okay. Missing crunch of the cucumber. 4) meats filling. EXCELLENT. Great taste. Maybe just one ore two more slices to fill it out more. Pate was AMAZING 5) $6 is a bit high. But great price given the hood. The Vietnamese coffee lacked a bit of sweetness. Did they use something that isn't condensed milk? And for iced coffee they need to brew it a bit more concentrated. Otherwise the ice melting makes it taste a bit watery. Overall, good. Show them some love. Keep them open. Warning, place only has 4 stools (4th stool is in an odd position) and a small bench.
Was just here for lunch. Have to say that the reviews really live up to their hype. Their classic banh mi was deliciously fresh and well favored (I wish they had added more pate- I love pate) because pate is what makes the classic, Classic.  So it's very important that there's enough pate in my opinion. As for the iced coffee, it was good but a bit bitter probably not enough condense milk to make it sweet. Would have been perfect if it was a lil sweeter. Though their place is small, it's quite cute. Workers are nice and informative. And if you plan on coming back on your next visit(s), do not forget to grab a "punch card". You get 1 FREE banh mi of your choice for every 10 stamps. (1 stamp per every $ 6 dollars).
I had the classic banh mi on a whole wheat baguette was amazing!!! Really delicious! Very clean inside nice spot!! Bravo!!
After seeing the reviews of this place, i decided to try this place out. I ordered the "Pilot". The sandwich was very good, but it wasnt anything special since it tasted similar to many other viet sandwiches I've tried. The bread was a little bit too hard/crunchy for me. In addition, the sandwich is a little bit smaller than other places and a bit more costly.
It's actually sick how good The Pilot sandwich is here. It takes a while for them to prepare the sandwich because everything is made to order, but the flavors are so intense the wait is well worth it. Make sure you get your sandwiches extra spicy! Especially if you're Korean. ^^
This place serves a solid sandwich.The menu may not be as creative but at least the classic sandwich will be better. I thought it would be really sweet like most lychee drinks but this was very balanced.  This place was very nice and many sandwich items is there in the shop.
Not only was the food delicious but the service was exceptional as well. I really enjoyed my sandwich and the homemade Iced Lychee Green Tea drink that accompanied my meal. I'm a fan now and I plan to take my friends who visit from out of town.
I have been here twice.  The 1st time was an ok experience.  I ordered the lambretta.  It was ok, nothing really special.  I didn't really taste the coconut curry.  But it was a decent sandwich.  So I decided I would like to try a different sandwich.   This leads to my 2nd visit on a Saturday at about 4pm.  After trekking on the train the place is closed with a sign saying they would be back at 5pm.  The hours for this place is inconsistent.  Be sure to call first.  I was not willing to wait an hour for a sandwich.
Meh. The white garbage can lid was really dirty (a stomach-lurching turn-off), the baguette was way too crusty and heavy for a true banh mi (which should have an extremely light crumb because of rice flour mixed in), and the spicy mayo was too sweet.  The lychee green iced tea was fresh and delicious, but expensive ($3).  I would not return based on this experience.
I live a block away and Xe May is one of my regular dinner spots - pretty much everything on the menu is amazing! And they take cards too, which is a plus.
Best sandwich in the city! Try the super cub classic- spicy! Mmmm!!
Love it .The tacos that I got were really good. I am definitely going to go back. I like it.
Had the hog. Good could of used a little more meat between the bread. But for 6 bucks can't expect it. They should offer an add on of meat for extra$$$$.
Awesome lamb sandwich. That's what I usually get. The other stuff I had is excellent too. The bun is top notch. No complaints about the food. I am only disappointed that their hours are sketchy - I've probably gone here about 5 times after noon only to find that stupid gate half-way shut or a sign in the window that says open at 1:00 or more likely 2:00. The moral of my review is better call them before you go. If they kept consistent hours, 5 stars. Minus 2 stars for all the disappointment and suffering you've caused me.
The E Vill finally has a traditional Viet Sand place- The guys there are super nice- and the food is light and super delicious- no reason to not stop by. YUMM
Review for Catering: - prompt delivery at 11:15am - The baguette is baked just the way a Ban Mi should be; crispy - Very flavorful - Inexpensive- sandwiches for 70 people is $560, out the door. Even the picky eaters will eat this
Super tasty. Great recommendation from a friend. Ate my delicious banh mi a couple hours later (on a flight back to SF), and was supremely pleased.
Best $6.50 you can spend in nyc. Amazing sandwiches.
We had the lemongrass chicken vermicelli, a super cub classic and a hog.  Everything was really tasty and the employees were friendly. The place is very small - they have a counter with 5 or 6 stools, so I wouldn't necessarily rely on eating there. Not the best bahn mi I've had in the city, but pretty good!
If there was only way I can give more stars. Everything on the menu was great, from super cub classic, hog, lamb and lemongrass chicken. This place is my the most favorite place in NYC. It is affordable and cozy.
I decided to stop by Xe May today after walking around the neighborhood. Although the space is small, the sandwich shop definitely has a very homey and warm feel to it. The owners are also super nice! Since I get classic viet sandwiches all the time from other places, I decided to go with something different. I asked the owners what they recommend and they told me the lam'bretta had been getting great reviews. So without hesitation, I got the lam'bretta. The sandwich itself smells AH-MAY-ZINGG!! It was soooo good. The flavors were strong, but definitely not overpowering. You can still taste the daikon, cucumbers, and cilantro (i mean.. what is a bahn mi without that?!) I also decided to get a drink too, and instead of getting a usual viet iced coffee, the Fresh Basil Soda Limeade caught my eye and I ordered that instead. It was extremely refreshing, and had the right touch of sweetness and 'tangyness" (and also.. having a drink with a fresh slice of lemon and basil leaf makes it feel like you're drinking something healthy haha). I would definitely recommend this drink as opposed to getting a can soda. I cannot wait to come back here and try other sandwiches!
The Lambretta banhmi must have been the baby Jesus himself cooked to perfection: 5 stars.  (Lamb of God, get it? I was sent to Catholic school by my parents to learn discipline and respect.) The grilled pork banhmi was rather mediocre. The meat was a little dry. It didn't  hold a candle to the grilled pork (Da Jay) at Banhmigos in Brooklyn.  3 stars. Service was fast and efficient.
Simple, cheap, delicious. No more words needed for this place, but here are a few... The staff are great, the space is accommodating and the food came out quickly. I'm no banh mi connoisseur, but that was one of the best Vietnamese sandwiches I've had in the city. And Xe May has some other pretty intriguing options that I can't wait to try. Definitely found my new sandwich shop... Also, on the drink side, do not miss the Basil Lime soda... perfect for summer!
Food: 3/5 -Side Car: grilled beef steak, pineapple chutney $6.50 -Carb to protein ratio was almost 3:1. There wasn't much grilled beef and it was moderately seasoned. I had to remove half the baguette bc there could barely taste the ingredients
Great place to eat! The lamb curry sandwich was delicious excellent blend of flavors. Very satisfying meal. The overall vibe of the shop was very warm and homely. Definitely will come back again!
I was introduced to this Banh mi shop by one of my good friends. I fucken love this place because it's everything you would want. 1. Amazing service - the staff is super friendly, chill 2. Food is always fresh and consistent - bread is toasted and ingredients taste rich 3. Affordable prices I always take my friends here and everyone leaves satisfied. Although I wish there was more sitting room. Because if you're lucky you'll get seats. My favorites: The Hog + Lamb
Vietnamese sandwiches are hit or miss with me.  So when I find a good one I definitely feel the need to leave a positive review.  Xe May is a cute little sandwich shop which was cute and clean ( Note this is very important to me since I've visited quite a few sandwich shops that looked like there were questionable cleanliness issues).  The owners were friendly and didn't mind me plying them with fifty thousand questions about what how I want my sandwich ( Did I mention I was picky?) I ordered the supercub and was impressed with the bread and the flavor.  I will definitely be ordering from them again!
These tiny food establishments (aka a door and a counter) are really starting to cramp my style... Horrible puns aside, it's the food that disappointed me here (because who cares about space at a sandwich shop anyway).  It's hard to throw a baguette in the city these days without hitting a banh mi shop, so it's good to be picky. Overall, the sandwiches are good:  the meat is tasty, the veggies fresh.  However, the too-flat bread (either scooped or pressed) was crispy to the point of cutting up the roof of my mouth and the use of chili mayo is sauce overkill (don't we all add sirachi by default?).  Overall, Xe May reminds me a lot of Nam Pang in its interpretation of banh mis (whether that's a good or bad thing is debatable). I do like that they use headcheese and pate in their classic offering; banh mis are suppose to be a little funky.  But in my opinion, there are just better offerings to be had.
I am a big fan of Viet food and have been searching for a replacement for my previous favorite in the EV. My go to on 2nd Ave btwn 4th and 5th decided one day that they were Thai now and I hadn't found a place since that satisfied my Viet cravings. Enter Xe May. I went there this week for dinner and was impressed. I have a "no sandwich for dinner" rule so I went for my go to - grilled pork vermicelli. I was really hungry so I threw in a grilled meatball taco for fun. Food was prepared fresh and we ate in the restaurant. Vermicelli bowl was plentiful and the grilled pork on top was delicious. Well seasoned...juicy...not too fatty. I was pleasantly surprised by the moist and delectable meatball taco. They steam the meatball and crisp it on the grill top which gives it a great texture. I tried some of the shrimp and papaya salad as well as the green papaya salad and both were delicious too. The ginger dressing on these was quite good. Overall, delicious food and hospitable service that makes me want to go back again soon. Highly recommended. I think I heard that they are open late night too.
My first time here greatly enjoyed the sandwiches we had everything was just as expected after reading the yelp reviews
Sandwich less than just 'ok'.
American-vietnamese fusion Banh Mi's! so of course you can't expect vietnamese prices for these sammies ordered the "Super Cub" which is Xe May's rendition of the classic banh mi ---definitely enjoyed the flavors of this one especially with the spicy mayo, DONT BE AFRAID OF THE HEAD CHEESE & PATE! the baguette was very crusty but not flaky like the traditional banh mi baguette the banh mi's are perfectly sized & you can order them on white or whole wheat, but the default is white if you don't specify NOTE: there's a stamp card. 10 purchases of $6+ gets you a free item!
I love this place! the food is always good and fresh. may favorite is the hog, spicy!
California native here &, although this may not be the most traditional banh mi shop around, this has OFFICIALLY become my favorite. There are a few different options, but I always go with "The Hog" or the "Lam'bretta" extra, extra spicy with a side of sriracha to-go. There are obviously more traditional options, but I've come to think of this place's banh mi's in a whole different category of banh mi  -- in the same way I think of "Mexican" food out here. It's not what you had originally craved, but the particular spot has such good food that you begin to crave that location's items as their own separate genre. The basil limeade fizz has been perfect the only two times I've ordered it, but I honestly prefer Vietnamese iced coffee at other locations more. They DO have a frequent buyer card though, so make sure to get on that!
Maybe 4/5 stars to some, but I question if these individuals grew up eating Vietnamese sandwiches.  This place doesn't do banh mi justice.   Unless I am drunk and too lazy to go elsewhere, I would probably avoid this place.
Who doesn't love Vietnamese sandwiches!? Had Xe May catered for lunch, and I got the Pilot Baguette with lemongrass chicken, cilantro, pickled carrots, daikons, cucumbers, and chili mayo. The thing that stood out to me most was Xe May's unashamed use of dark meat for its chicken. Everyone knows that dark meat is much tastier and more tender than dry, cardboard-like white meat. I get the feeling a lot of restaurants will mainly serve white meat (especially for lunch) because its supposedly healthier. That's why I was super surprised when I checked out the cross section of the sandwich to find dark brown chunks of meat. At first I thought the sandwich was mistakenly labeled with beef inside, but when I opened it up, I was pleasantly surprised with moist, delectable chunks of grilled dark meat chicken =) Mad props to Xe May for standing out in the crowd and going for the yummier option! However, I thought the filling-to-bread ratio was a bit on the low side. There simply wasn't enough chicken and vegetables to compensate for the bread, either that or the baguette should be thinner...Maybe it was due to the catering (the other pictures on Yelp look meatier), but I was left still hungry for other foods. Overall though, chicken was cooked perfectly, and the vegetables and the sauce complemented the mix well. Would definitely check out the actual store =)
I've been sampling various Bahn Mi around the city, Nicky's, Hanco, Saigon sandwiches, and Zon. I had high hopes for Xe May, but it was by far the worst so far. Had the Super Cub. Dry, over-toasted bread bread, dry, thin shredded carrots, a tiny piece of cucumber. No daikon, no herbs.  On the positive side, the meats had some flavor, which kept them from a one star rating.
The sandwiches are phenomenal.  Tried The Pilot and The Hog, medium spicy, both had an amazing blend of flavor and texture.  Other bahn mi I've had pale in comparison.  The place is small, but the food is quick and great.  Just what you want from this sort of street food.
i've always noticed it's the same work crew every time I come in. these guys kick ass! i go here once or twice a week and they are always super chill and even remember the options and details about my regular order. i've taken many of my friends here to get bahn mi (i get the hog) when they come to visit NYC and all of them have been more than impressed with their sandwiches. seriously, GO HERE!
I love this place.. they make some amazing sandwiches. I just wish they were open at lunch time more reliably. They seem to be getting a lot of catering business these days, so they close their entire shop down from noon until after 2pm for those jobs. Suggestion for the Xe May guys: reliably announce when you are going to be closed on Twitter/facebook etc. It would save a lot of aggravation.
Thanks guys! As a Bostonian foodie I have a tendency to go overboard eating 6 meals a day whenever I come to NYC. Xe May will now be a regular East Village stop for me. Like traditional Bahn Mi such as the treats available at Ba Le on Dorchester Ave back home, these sandwiches are freshly made and delicious. The bonus is there are a number of tempting options to chose from so I don't imagine it ever getting old. This was middle dinner (2 of 3) so Xing and I decided to split a single sandwich. Our choice was the lemongrass chicken. The traditional Baguette was filled with nicely marinated thigh meat (not flavorless breast meat I'd expected), pickled carrots, cucumber and radish. We asked for it 'hot' with sliced jalapenos and hot sauce; hot it was but we're fire-eaters so we went straight for the Saracha. When the chef/co-owner saw us reaching for the bottle he promptly offered up a very tasty chili sauce to try (VERY tasty indeed). After downing the half sandwich and a hot vietnamese coffee I was ready to go in for seconds but my wiser half intervened and reminded me that we had to save room for dinner #3 ;)
I'm personally not that much of a sandwich fan, but I would definitely recommend a good refreshing viet sandwich now and then.  The shop is cute and it reminds me of those informal street vendors in Asia.  The baguette part of the sandwich was very crispy and crunchy and the pork was seasoned perfectly. I wish it was a bit spicier though.  I thought we would have a special sauce when we asked for more spicy, but it was just jalapeno.  No fouls there though.  I'm usually also not one to like cilantro or those minty strong herbs.  However, I don't know why I only like it when it's in a Vietnamese sandwich...they really know how to marry flavors together.  I also liked the kick of flavor from the chili mayo.  I think this is the first viet sandwich I had with chili mayo!  It was very filling too.  I only had half of the sandwich and I was stuffed. The iced coffee for $2.50 is a pretty good deal, considering it's not watered down -- but it doesn't really taste like the real Vietnamese coffee, simply coffee that I could get anywhere else.  The place is really easy to miss if you're not looking for it so be sure to look out for it and go give it a try.
i made a pit stop into this place before goin to get sushi, and it was the vegetarian taco that caught my eye. and it was GREAT! and only 2.50! cool little place, and super nice guys. i will for sure be goin back to have a whole meal there very soon. i like that there's some unique stuff on the menu. this is what keeps me coming back to your restaurants, owners. the ness does not like a boring menu!
Dropped in for lunch cause reviews were so great on Yelp. Unfortunately I was not so impressed. New York offers a million and one places to get your vietnamese sandwich on, so I felt Xe May just fell a bit short. I had The Hog, which seemed to be what everyone said was great. The meat was on the salty side and there weren't enough fresh veggies to balance that out. I had my sandwich made with medium spice and I didn't taste it at all. The toasted bread was good albeit on the heavier side. I also had the basil lime soda which was also just mediocre. Not too much flavor all around for either of the items. For lunch they offer a meal deal which is a sandwich, a fresh drink (in addition to the soda, they also had viet coffee and viet tea), and a snack for $8. The "snack" is the form of Lays potato chips or Nature's Valley granola bars which I found to be odd. Carbs on carbs on carbs. The space was small but clean. 4-5 stools total at a bar table up against the wall. Service was good.
Honestly, I think some of the 5 star reviewers of this sandwich shop either haven't had an incredibly AWE INSPIRING sandwich before or haven't been poor & bored enough to creatively come up with awesome homemade sandwiches because even though Xe May makes a "decently" well crafted sandwich, I've had better homemade sandwiches at Super Bowl parties made by halfway drunk food junkie gluttons. Don't get me wrong, they make a good solid sandwich! Not excellent, not great but good & solid. All the elements are decent. Bread is crusty, crispy & doughy. The veggie accoutrements are a nice touch despite the fact that they fill up the sandwich much more than the protein portion but . . whatever. Still, the special sauce & the bread makes their sandwiches in my opinion. Xe May is aiiiiiiiiight but  . . nah. I'll hit my neighborhood bodega & get Pablo the stock boy to make me a MEANNNNNNNN ghetto sandwich. BOTTOMLINE: The sandwiches are good but from the overwhelming amount of 5 star reviews I expected to at least be surprised but alas this was not the case. Furthermore, if this sandwich place is worth 5 stars then I scared to see you some of you would think of a truly AMAZZZZING sandwich!
For the time being, I'll give it a 4-star. I have to try 2 more time to be fully convince that it deserves a 5 star perfect rating. I had the Super Cub Classic with medium spicy. I have to say it's REALLY GOOD...the hype is real. However, it was lacking a bit pate. I definitely enjoyed it. Next time I have to try the curry lamb coconut one. I am a huge fan of curry so that will put it to the test. While I was there, there were a group of tourist guided by a tour guide and explaining some history of the sandwich. I just thought that was a funny entertainment. The asian lady said she was studying in upstate NY and her friend from Canada brought her back a Banh mi. Canada back to the States..that seems a bit over the top..the bread would've been stale by then lol the story has nothing to do with the rating, just thought it was a funny occurrence. Also the place is REALLY SMALL!!!! So don't go there expecting to have seats. I was lucky to be there when no one was there. Go there if you want a to-go. or you can wait. Happy Eating!
Not sure what all the hype is about this place...tried the Super Cub which they suggested and it was pretty good, but I was expecting something much more substantial. Might come here again and try another sandwich but If you're in the mood for something different go to Dumpling Man next door and get some seared pork dumplings with cool monster sauce. You'll thank me.
When I ate the Supper Cub sandwich, every bite had carrot and cucumber. It doesn't fall apart when I TAKE a bite. I have that issue with other Vietnamese sandwich places.
Had the lemongrass chicken sandwich with spicy sauce.  Fantastic taste and great price.  Will be going back soon!
The owners are nice fellas, and big motor-scooter enthusiasts. See if you can get a free sandwich by telling them about the time you had to laid down your '53 Lambretta to dodge a milk truck on your way to the steel mill. When he furrows his brow, tell him this happened in 1963. When that doesn't work, tell him you're just kidding and that you wish you had some friends.
best i have had so far in NYC. you can't go wrong with the classic. but of course, there are better sandwiches in texas. duh! :)
I'm going to say that Xe May served me the best banh mi I've ever had. They do take a lot longer than most banh mi shops, but this is because they make everything fresh for you. Not sure if this means they bake the bread fresh for you but it sure seemed like it. I had the cub classic and wow. I mean just do it.
a little pricey for what i spend on vietnamese sandwhiches, but the quality is excellent and very fresh.  not much viet food in nyc but this place is good!
What a fantastic find!! Been here several times and I've always had the Lambretta sandwich which is a lamb Bahn Mi with coconut curry. Deliciousness overload. Also, of course, the Vietnamese iced coffee. Never miss it.
The entrance is down some stairs and wasn't obvious walking from 1st Ave; but once I was close enough, I could see it fine.  I got the lemon chicken banh mi and summer rolls for $12 incl tax.  No line, ordered and was outta there in 6 mins. The sandwich was awesome and bread was warm.  The summer rolls were standard summer rolls, but the peanut sauce to dip was awesome.  Good quick vietnamese food, maybe the price could have been a little lower (that's why i'm not giving it 5 stars). Would I go again? Yes.
I've been here numerous times, and not only is the food amazing, but the service is also great. They won't give you all their attention since they're usually really busy, but they definitely listen to you. First time, I ordered the the super cub classic and the lambretta and I was surprised how great the food was. Next time, I got it delivered but it wasn't as great. Still good though! Other times, I've been given delicious sandwiches, drinks, and excellent service. Both the basil limeade and the lychee green tea are delicious. I went today and called right when they opened to pick up because I was in a rush and they agreed to make it even though by the time I got there, they were incredibly busy. The last time, I was meeting a friend there so I ordered both our sandwiches but asked that they make the second later when I tell them to and they accommodated and I was so grateful! Overall, my experience here is always great :)
Sandwiches are made with love and fresh ingredients. It can take up to ten minutes to make a sandwich to order but it is well worth the time. Excellent, attentive service.
I've only been here one time and I got a lunch special with the cub classic. I have eaten Banh Mi all over the 5 boroughs and at most of the top reviewed places and this is definitely one of the best I have ever had. Excellent bread, great cold cuts, nice vegetables, good spicy mayo. Really a perfect sandwich- I could eat this stuff everyday. I also got an iced lychee green tea which was great. The rest of the menu looks great and I hope to be back soon. I was there at 4 o'clock and they said they were going to be closed between 4 and 5 but I was still able to eat inside
On my latest weekend trip to NYC, I found myself walking around the East Village before meeting some friends for brunch.  I had been here once before and had one of the pork sandwiches, which I remember as being very good, so I stopped in for a pre-brunch sandwich.  This time I went with The Sidecar (beef banh mi).  It was probably the best banh mi I've ever had and up there on the list of best sandwiches I've had period.  The beef was tender and flavorful, the veggies crisp.  The condiments (a pineapple salsa type thing and some kind of spicy mayo) were also nice.  However, what put this over the top was the bread.  Perfectly warm and crisp.  I could just eat the bread.  Didn't get any drinks this time, but I remember the basil lime fizz was pretty decent last time.  This is definitely on my places to try to get to when I'm in the city list.
Prepared fresh right off the grill, the coconut curry lamb was stellar. the baguette was toasted perfectly and stuffed with plenty of lamb meat and veggies. Each bite was packed with flavor. Craving it again while writing this review. A must visit spot whenever I'm in St. Marks. PROS: absolutely delicious, affordable, quick service (even though its prepared fresh) chill staff, takes CC CONS: place is quite small but u can take it on the go, no problem
I'm a fan. Great sandwiches, the bread is amazing. Only minor complaint, soooo much pickled carrot. Could barely taste the pork. Sandwich is cheap, only $6, though they made up for it by charging $2.25 for a 12oz grapefruit soda. Either way, it was still great and I'll be back for more.
I came here on the recommendation of several of my friends. Never really had Banh Mi before, and this was fantastic. I ordered the Cub Classic to go and while I waited the guy who took my order explained the rest of the sandwiches and was very friendly. The sandwich was delicious - great flavor, perfect amount of spice, fresh vegetables, and a great baguette. I will be back many times.
Delicious banh mi sandwiches at reasonable prices.  All sandwiches are hand made fresh and some combine ingredients that don't sound good alone, but blend together effortlessly in your mouth.  I would give 4.5 stars, but there's no option for it, and I don't give 5 stars easily... but otherwise this is one of my top picks.
2.5 Admit it. You don't know what headcheese is either. We had to google it. That being said, I went with the Hog. Jon went the Cub Classic. I don't think he'll admit it, but mine was better. Chalk it up to the headcheese. Both were crispy and definitely fresh, but the Hog's ingredients blended better together. But, this place is incredibly tiny, making the meal less enjoyable. To be honest, Xe May was already a disappointment before we even stepped in the door. Weeks ago, it had shut down before its regular closing time. When we called the next day, they said they ran out of food and forgot to leave a note and update their voicemail. Thanks for that!
Seriously good bahn mi. Flavorful! Loved the curried lamb. The papaya salad is really refreshing. Def try it. Hearty filling sandwich! Got delivery and they can definitely handle bulk order (we got 25). They are also on seamless web.
Best banh mi. I know it's not completely authentic, but I love the chicken on whole wheat bread - so satisfying. Lots of fresh carrots, cucumber, and cilantro. Lunch special with free fresh drink (lychee iced tea is great) and chips. Yum!
Went in to have a quick taco last night and they were amazing. Got to talking to the owners and they were really awesome and even replaced my order after I started eating. Who does that these days? In all seriousness though, the tacos were different than anything I've had - with pickled carrots and white radish. Try the vegetarian one. Hope these guys do well!
Yummy banh mi's (tried half of a super cub classic because sadly they had run out of sandwiches by 10pm). Then had some tacos - the chicken, hog, meatball (my fave was the hog, which had some interesting crunchy shallots mixed with pork and mayo). And finally had the homemade drinks - iced lychee green tea (perfect amount of light sweetness with diced lychee bits) and the fresh basil limeade fizz (tangy for sure, with an odd vegetable-like flavor from the basil itself). I would get the iced lychee green tea again next time. What makes this place stand out is the superb service and friendly owners who really try to get to know you and make you feel at home. There is only a countertop with seats and a small bench for seating.. but cashier/owner? brought one of the stools over for us "as a table" while we sat at the bench. AW how nice is that?
I am a huge fan of this place. Stumbled in here with my boyfriend on Christmas because of the 3 tacos for $7 sign. We had the chicken, meatball, and veggie - I will definitely be back. Each taco was bursting with flavor (meatball was my favorite, no veggie, no chicken, no wait they were all so yummy!!) We got extra spicy on the chicken (sirracha i think?) It was delicious and I am aways a huge cilantro fan and they dont skimp on that either. They were dead due to the holiday so we chatted with the two young owners. Super nice guys and they ended up talking us into trying their version of a ban mhi and man was it tasty - semolina bread was a plus and not just a smear of pate, but a huge dollop, which I love. Generous heaps of meat and ofcourse, yummy cilantro! Overall, very cute space, VERY good prices, and more importantly delicious, unique food. They have only been open a week or so, but I know this place is going to be a huge success.
Yum. This place is super close to where I live, so I'll be a fairly regular customer here. Good food. As everyone suggests, the Super Club Classic sando is the best out of all the menu items I've had so far. The "pilot" aka chicken sando was good but not the same. I'm still not sure how I feel about the bread here. I'm used to the french rolls that are super light, soft & flaky. Here they are more dense with a super crunchy crust, but still delicious in their own way. I would skip the Vermicelli bowls if you're looking for the best bang for your buck (their homemade fish sauce is pretty damn good though). They will run you $7.75 +tax and probably leave you wanting more. Also... Mmmmm, the iced vietnamese coffee for $2.50 can't be beat. Perfect summertime treat! I'll be back soon to try The Hog or some tacos! Get your food to go because the place is tiny.
I love this place!!! So much in fact, that I felt compelled to write my first yelp review ever. The sandwiches are consistently delicious every time I go, and the guys who work there are super sweet. Highly recommend the mean green and my recent new fave: The Duc. Warning: if you ask for spicy, it's going to be super, super spicy. Enjoy!
Most times with banh mi, it's all about the bread. It was warm, crispy and delicious. I got the classic combo. I've never had spicy mayo in it before and it reminded me of sushi but it was a good interesting taste. I've had better pickled carrots but great meal for lunch. The Vietnamese coffee and spring rolls were good too.
AMAZING!! you could tell everything they make is made with so much love and care.  It's also very cheap!
I recently found out that I have a gluten allergy (WOMP, WOMP). I was relieved when my doctor told me this because I was in such agony before I knew. Then it began to settle... My food eating life flashed before my eyes. No more gluten. The bagels I ate, the beer I drank, the banh mi I devoured. It was rather devastating. Thankfully, Xe May offers their sandwiches in taco format! The feeling of having an amazing banh mi is obviously not there, but the essence is with the meat and fixings. 5 stars for gluten free options (even if was not intentional and just jumping on the Asian taco trend).
Ummm... Amazing! I had the sandwich called "the hog". I split it with my boyfriend because we were both broke and it was a decent size to help satisfy our appetites temporarily. I found the bread a little too crispy, but it didn't bother me enough to degrade to four stars. The place small and kept really clean. The service was excellent and supposedly they deliver to people who live closer. I'm definitely going to become a regular customer!
Yum yum yum yum yum!  I love this place!  I grew up in an area that has a huge Vietnamese population and still this is the best Banh Mi I've ever had!  I keep getting the  Super Cub Classic, even though I want to try more sandwiches because it's always so good.  Also $6.50 for a delicious sandwich in NYC is a pretty solid deal.  I love picking up a sandwich from here and heading over to the park to to people watch.  The only downside is that a couple times it's mysteriously closed which can be a bit frustrating, but when that happens I just head down to Good Beer and by the time I get back it's open again!
tremendous banh mi. good tacos. yes to basil limeade.
Best Vietnamese sandwich in the city. It was flavorful, warm and the bread was just right.  I had the classic.   With tax came out to $7.08.  They even accept CC.
amazing best vietnamese sandwich ever!
The Super Club Classic, the traditional banh mi with bbq pork and headcheese, is beautifully layered with a lovely schmear of pate. Pate is such a beautiful thing. The Hog, jammed with plenty of lean, grilled pork, and fresh, lightly pickled carrots and cucumbers was also delightful, but I prefer the Super Club. Friends ate the tacos and nodded in mouthful-silence that they were delicious. What's particularly nice about sandwiches here is that either they hull out the bread, or the bread interior itself is minimal.  It's a perfect balance of filling to bread ratio, with a solid crispy exterior that doesn't cut up your mouth.   The sandwiches taste fresh and are ever so enhanced washed down with a cup of their tasty Vietnamese coffee (perfect ratio of condensed milk to espresso). Great spot on the St. Marks strip !
Not a bad banh mi, but certainly nothing as special as the menu or glowing reviews would suggest. I had the grilled pork and the lamb, which were fairly indistinguishable from one another, despite the latter supposedly being flavored with coconut curry and the former's purported use of scallion oil and fried shallots. Regardless of their similarities, neither smacked you in the face with complex flavors, although both were certainly rich and moist. Bread is pleasantly flaky, and the veggies are crisp, but the absence (or near-absence) of daikon was regrettable. I'm probably underwhelmed because I hail from Orange County, Calif., home to the world's second-largest Vietnamese population and banh mi every bit as good as those at Xe May, and usually better, for just $2.50 apiece. But all that said, if you're going to spend $6.50 on a sandwich, probably better here than your local bodega.
This place is dynamite.  My husband and I are regular customers and will continue to be. The staff is friendly and the food fresh. My only complaint is that they are not always open when they purport to be so. Next time I will call ahead to make sure they are there!
Friendly service and the sandwich I got, the pilot, was delicious.
I hate to give this place a bad review because the people working there were really nice and amicable but I am afraid I have to. The banh mi here are clearly americanized and catered for them. I should of known by the location not to come here. I came here because of the high ratings on yelp but honestly even though the people making it were Vietnamese (I heard them speaking it), this does not taste authentic to me. It is very americanized. I grew up eating banh mi and pho and I even came here twice hoping that the yelp reviews were right. I ordered The Pilot the first time and it took them much longer than most banh mi places make it. The banh mi came out looking great. It was neatly assembled. The bread was delicious but that's where it ends. The fillings were VERY BLAND. I asked for spicy and I did not taste any spiciness at all. I opened up my banh mi and there was only a small slice of jalapeno in there. The lemongrass flavor was nonexistent and the carrots did not have that tangy taste that banh mi is known for. There were also cucumbers in there and cilantro. The banh mi was fresh but it was just very bland. The second time I came here with a friend and we both ordered the super cub classic. Again it took them longer to make the banh mi. My friend and I both are big fans of banh mi and we were both disappointed by how bland it tasted even though we ordered it spicy. We could barely taste the pate and again the carrots was bland. It suppose to have a sweet tangy taste. Overall- great bread- nice and toasty but BLAND fillings. Both banh mi were $6 plus tax. I will not come here again. This is a nice spot with a friendly atmosphere but I would never recommend this place for banh mi. I am sticking to Thanh Da for my Banh Mi.
Xe May has done wonders for my sex life. Okay, maybe not, but their take on the classic Vietnamese sub is perfectly respectable: they fill their banh mi with fresh trimmings, but use a bread that's crustier than I'd like. For designer banh mi, it's not spendy. Give their Hog a spin: it's a grilled pork sandwich creation that'll leave you happy. Like what you see? Their honey chicken sandwich is a winner, too. Whatever you get, it's a good idea to head to the nearby park to chow down -  Xe May's seating is limited, and you could use the sun, right? Credit cards accepted.
Extremely Memorable Banh Mi! The shop is small with little seating, about 4 stools and some counter space. There are little hooks below the counter which is convenient. The cashier is nice, I think he is one of the owners. We decided to try the Super Cub Classic Sandwich, Lamb Taco, and Iced Lychee Green Tea. Everything is super tasty. The baguette is fresh and perfectly crusty. The BBQ Pork, Headcheese, Pork Roll, and Pate inside the banh mi is BURSTING with flavor. The veggies are crisp and fresh. I love that they offer whole wheat baguettes as well. The Coconut Curry Lamb is tender and seasoned well. These may not be the biggest sandwiches out there, but I don't care. They make my taste buds sing. The Lychee Green Tea is refreshing and not too sweet. Loved the little pieces of lychee at the bottom of the drink. Overall, a nice place to grab a quick and tasty meal.
I usually get my banh mi (not bahn mi) fix at Saigon. The Chinatown joint is good but they are nothing compared to Xe May. Since I have always love pork on my sandwiches, I had to try the "Super Cub Classic." It is the first listed item on their sandwiches menu and is made up of barbecued pork, pork roll, headcheese and pate with daikon radish, pickled carrot, cucumber, fresh cilantro, spicy mayonnaise, jalapeno, black pepper and optional sriracha. The meats were moist and incredibly tasty. The fact that it was not too greasy made it even better. It was different from the traditional meat and I liked how they were thinly sliced and encased by the perfectly toasted baguette. I love the crunchiness of the fresh bread because it was really savory, and yet it wasn't too hard to scrape the top of my mouth. Believe it or not, the crumbs flew out of my mouth during each bite. I actually felt sorry for the people that had to clean up my mess. Even though the sandwiches are a good size and adequate enough to fulfill a lunch or dinner appetite, I would love to see a higher meat-to-bread ratio in the future. Must try the whole wheat baguette as well (which was sold out during my visit). Can't get enough of meat and fiber! With all due respect to the traditional banh mi, the best sandwiches these days are the ones with a variety of creative flavors. You can find them here. For those of you who love new-style banh mi sandwiches, this is the place to be. Xe May deserves 5-stars for the great food at the right price with awesome service. I would definitely come back to try the tacos, salads, sides and the exotic drinks. And of course, the yummy sammies!
I have probably eaten over 100 sandwiches here since they have opened, and it has become one of my favorite places by far in east village.  always tasty, always fresh, and the owners are great dudes. do yourself a favor and work your way through the entire menu like I did, you will be happy you did!
If not for awesome random coupon deals, I would not discover little shops like Xe May tucked away and hidden on St. Marks. Thank you Village voice deals for this one! It was delicious! They had me at the basil limeade. Amazing and so refreshing on a hot day. It's so much better than lemonade and they really do it well. It's not watered down or tasteless. It has a sprig of basil in it, a few lime slices, and just the right amount of soda fizz to give it that extra oomph. I got the Hog (bbq pork, scallion oil, fried shallots) banh mi hot. At first I thought it wasn't spicy and then I realized hot just gives you that aftertaste tingly. Pretty good heat without overpowering any of the flavors. The sandwich, although on the small side, was very filling and tasty. They pack in the pork and I loved the touch of fried shallots. It was a nice spin on banh mi. All of their sandwiches sound like something new. I'm really curious to try the coconut curry lamb now. I'd even go so far as saying I want to try their tacos. I should have checked Yelp earlier. Xe May is practically five stars! My only complaint is the snacks of pretzels and chips packets. Really? That's so un-Vietnamese. It'd be better if they paired their meal combos with a summer roll. In any case, I picked the Ruffles sour cream and cheddar potato chips. I felt like I was in elementary school.
It's been a long time since I've had a bahn mi that was freshly prepared and piping hot. You see, I almost always take it to go or sometimes my Dad buys me one when he knows I'm coming to visit. So, my bahn mi suffers a bit because I neglect it. But, after skipping lunch and knowing that I was heading to the gym after I ran a few errands, I knew I needed to eat something. This place happened to be in the neighborhood, so I stopped in. Even though there were plenty of interesting choices, I always order whatever the classic is when I'm eating at a new bahn mi joint. Their classic is the Super Cub Classic - made with BBQ pork, headcheese, pork roll and pate with the usual fixins of cilantro, pickled daikon and carrots, cucumber and mayo. They even go to the trouble of offering white or whole wheat baguettes. Unfortunately for me, I wasn't asked if I wanted a choice, so I think they just went ahead and made mine on white. And while it's fine, since that's more traditional, I would've liked to have made my own choice (would've gone with the whole wheat...). The baguette was toasty - a bit too much, as the butts were a little too dark for my liking - but I have to say, it was delicious. I loved the crack and crunch of the exterior and the warm, softness of the interior. I was so in love with the baguette itself that I started breaking off sections of it to eat on it's own. Yeah, I *love* carbs. But, not to say that the fillings don't deserve their own due. The meats were delicious and the pickled daikon and carrots added their tang without being overpowering. I did wish for more cilantro, but I always wish for more cilantro. I also ordered a lychee green tea. This was actually quite an impressive drink. I find that most times, green tea drinks don't have much flavor. While lychee drinks taste pretty artificial. Not sure how these guys make theirs, but the lychee flavor is not artificial tasting and the green tea flavor still stands out. You can even see bits of lychee in the drink! To up the refreshing factor even more, they add slices of lime and fresh mint leaves. I'd order this drink all summer long. While I had originally asked for my order to go, I ended up deciding to stay. The people waiting for their orders left and I basically had the whole counter space to myself. I had time to kill, so i figured why not. I was originally only going to eat half and save the other half for post-workout, but it was so good, I found myself devouring the whole thing. Damn skipped lunches! The guy who took my order was super nice and friendly - he asked if I liked what I ordered and even checked in while I was eating. That's just another reason to go back. I'm looking forward to trying the Mean Green veggie/tofu bahn mi and the Lam'bretta in the future.
The recipes for both pork (super cub) and beef  ("sidecar) sandwiches were very delicious. Bread was crispy but slightly cold comparing with the filling.   I personally definitely prefer the beef ones (especially if you like Japanese yakiniku, you'd love this) At $6 -$6.5, this is literally unbeatable price point and value. The service was also nice. Worth for the try!
Xe May's sandwiches are awesome!! I'm officially a fan. They have their own take on a classic Vietnamese sandwich and it works. The two guys you'll see working here - Alan Woo and Davis Ngo have worked hard on perfecting  their formula and I can only say - Thanks guys! We tried the super cub classic and the lam'bretta. They were so good that we just devoured them and forgot to look inside but I can say the head cheese and pâté in the super cub was phenomenal. The lam'bretta was equally good - just the right amount of coconut curry and a little bit of heat all mixed in together for the perfect sandwich. There are no gimmicks here. Nothing visually stunning to capture your attention. Just simple, savory sandwiches that are delicious. Now I want to try their tacos. I'll be back...very soon.
What's so great about Vietnamese sandwiches? They're inexpensive and they're damn delicious. Xe May recently opened in East Village and it instantly stands out. The staff is friendly, the decor is refreshing, and I love the creative naming of their sandwiches, which are all names of motorcycles. The first time I went, I was recommended the Super Cub Classic, which is a sandwich made of BBQ Pork, Headcheese, Pork Roll, and Pate. This was excellent. The second time I went, I had the Hog, which I liked even more. This is made of Grilled Pork, Scallion Oil, and Fried Shallots, and it was absolutely scrumptious. That grilled pork was so very juicy and the scallion oil and fried shallots really completed the flavouring. My friend recommended that I try the Lam'bretta next time - yes, it's a lamb sandwich. I can't wait to go back.
You know what. Fuck it. If these fools want to sell me a delicious sandwich for barely anything more than they pay for ingredients then thats just going to have to happen. I'm going to buy the shit out of those sandwiches until they go out of business. I mean. They were pretty nice so I feel kinda bad. But every time I buy a sandwich there it's like a free mini MBA in Why the Fuck Aren't You Charging more 101. Actually I'm honestly concerned. How are they going to survive charging so little for such good fillings.  Where do I get my fix once economics catches up with the hardworking and legitimately nice guys? Full confession:  I was moderately wasted when I wrote this review, but when I came back to it sober I couldn't find any reason to change it.  Super high quality ingredients, low prices, nice people.  Five Stars.
My manager recommended ***Xe May*** and I want to thank him for it because I really enjoyed every bite of the **Super Cub Classic** which consists of BBQ Pork, Headcheese, and Pork Roll Pate.  The baguette was extra crispy and the meat was highly flavorful.  It simply did not disappoint!  Viet Sandwiches ROCK here. =D PS:  You must also try the "HOG" (Grilled Pork, Scallion Oil, Fried Shallots) TOO! PPS:  They offer stamp cards, just ask for one! TIP:  The only downfall of this place is the limited seating.  You will find exactly 4 tall stools so please go early to avoid the crowds.   SIDE NOTE:  My boyfriend also ordered the Lemongrass Chicken w/ chili sauce TACO.  I thought the chicken was cooked well but I did not really enjoy the lemongrass taste in the taco.  However, that is just me, so please try it if you could handle the lemongrass taste!!
I had been craving a Banh mi for a few weeks after having a faux version wheich left me soooo dissapointed. am glad I got my fix here.  Have to admit I'm afraid of head cheese so we ordered the hog and the sidecar, both were excellent choices.  Bread was toasted just right which makes all the difference for me...  Vietnamese iced coffee hot the spot. Go for it but be prepared its a teeny tiny shop so only a few bar stools to eat and run..
YAY Xe May has become my favorite banh mi shop =) A friend & I ventured in here on New Year's day when they were having a special - banh mi taco + sandwich for $8! (I think you only save $0.50 from this combo tho lol). We weren't too hungry/still hungover so we just decided to to split the Super Cub classic sandwich as well as a viet iced coffee & lychee green tea. The owner was super passionate as we asked him numerous questions regarding the drink menu. He was particularly excited about the Basil drink so i definitely want to try that the next time I'm here. He was very talkative & I told him that I discovered his place bc of his 5 star review on Yelp & he was so ecstatic =) you can tell he's the type of guy who really cares about his customers. We took a seat along the stools and waited a bit for our sandwich to come out. Definitely a stark contrast to the lightening fast banh mi's in Chinatown but there is a distinct difference - these banh mi's are crafted to perfection! The bread was warm and toasty with the right amount of crunch and the veggies were crisp. The cucumber had a little kick to it (pepper?) which made the sandwich a lot more interesting. Splitting one banh mi was enough to satisfy us but not make us super full - perfect! They only opened about a week or two ago but I hope they'll be here for the long haul so I can try all their sammiessss! P.S. can someone please tell me how to pronounce their name? :(
4 1/2 Stars. Finally a Vietnamese banh mi place I can write home about. I mean, literally. I just wrote an excited email to my parents about this gem on St. Marks. They'll be happy to know that I'm not "starving" anymore (typical Asian parent fear - although how anyone can starve in New York City with the abundance of great food options is beyond me). Alright, weird fact about me: I hate bread. I find most breads to be boring; I am much more interested in the contents between the bread. Xe May's bread? GOOD! Crunchy, buttery, and dare I say a little savory? I've only tried the Hog and the Sidecar, but I am eager to come back and try the rest of the menu. The "Hog": grilled pork, scallion oil, fried shallots ($6) The sandwich was so good that I basically forced myself to keep eating even after I was full. Which obviously led me to change into stretchy pants (thank goodness for take out). I ate half of the sandwich, took a break, had a second wind and finished the other half. The pork was very well seasoned and of course the topping of shaved pickled carrots, cilantro, and peppers balanced the sandwich nicely. The Sidecar: grilled beefsteak, pineapple chutney ($6.50) I had a few bites of Brian M.'s sandwich because he kept "Mmmming" the whole time we were eating. Once again, the meat was well seasoned and the pineapple chutney's acidity paired with the creamy mayo spread on the bread was saliva inducing. Definitely something to "Mmmmm" about. Don't forget to make the cheesy "I'm enjoying my food oh so much" face that all the people on the Food Network love to do. I plan on coming back and trying the more traditional Super Cub Classic - pate and headcheese, yum. Don't forget to have them stamp your customer card. You get a cute girl on a motorcycle stamp (Xe May means motorcycle) for every $6 you spend. You get a free sandwich after the 10th stamp. Totally doable.
I stopped here a couple of weeks ago, ready and excited to try a banh mi, only to be informed they were sold out of bread.  Instead, we got a vermicelli salad, summer rolls, and green papaya salad.  All were fresh and delicious. The owner was friendly, apologetic (they were still working out supply/demand issues with their fresh bread supplier), and gave me an extra stamp on my card as well as a free bottle of water.  Last night, I returned for my Hog sandwich, spicy, on whole wheat.  The grilled pork was perfectly cooked, the bread super fresh with just the right crunch, oh-so-good.  And he remembered me!  Love the friendly service and fabulous food. All for a bargain price of $6/sandwich.   The introduction of Xe May and Puddin' have made this block of St. Marks my new favorite place to grab some seriously delicious food.
LOVE that this place is down the street from me. So quick and easy and delicious. Bread is crispy, and banh mi sandwiches are good. I've had the lemongrass chicken sandwich, but prefer "The Hog" with grilled pork. Heard the vegetarian one is really good too with the mushrooms and tofu. Chipotle mayo is spicy and leaves a nice kick. They also serve tacos, a nice addition to the menu. Cheap, fast and tasty. What's not to like, when the banh mi craving hits you hard?
I love this place!  I cannot go a few weeks without going back, I crave the Super Cub Classic.  I randomly happened upon this cute little shop on night and couldn't get enough!   I am a person that once I find a place or meal I like I don't switch it up.    I almost always get the Super Cud with the Lychee iced tea.  My boyfriend will get 3-4 different tacos (extra spicy) with their amazing iced coffee- because he loves the pile of condensed milk sitting at the bottom of the cup. People behind the counter and in the kitchen are great and super nice.  On one of my visits there I went over to Puddin' next door to order some yummy dessert while they made my sandwich and I literally had a Xe May employee personally walk over to Puddin and hand me my finished drink!   Should I be ashamed that he knows my food habits enough to find me?  I think not :-)
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but nothing about this spot tickled my loins, made hair stand up on the back of my neck or otherwise did things to me that make me blush. Had the regular sandwich (Super Cub), spicy, which had a good amount of meat in it but the sandwich was constructed in an odd way. I know that any sandwich constructed in a french roll is going to suffer from a seperation of flavors, eg. one side of the sandwich will be primarily meat/mayo and the other primarily carrot/cilantro/cucumber, but this one was literally half and half. It was physically impossible to get a little of both in one bite. It's another good option for cheap sandwiches in the E. Village, and much more convenient than trekking to BK for the far superior sandwiches one can procure there, but I'll probably only stop in again if I can't think of anything else to get in the area.
My girlfriend and I swung by here for dinner a few weeks back. It's one of the many little shops in the East Village - not a whole lot of sitting room, just 4-5 chairs at the counter and a bench in front of the counter. The food here is done pretty quickly though; with a couple people ahead of us, we were able to get our sandwich and tacos in about 5 minutes or so. As for the food itself, I actually liked the lemongrass taco the best. The chicken was succulent and flavorful, and in a small tortilla, it really brought out the flavor. Next time I visit, I'd like to try this version of the sandwich. The coconut lamb taco was also interesting. It has a very meaty taste and has been marinated, but it's just got a hint of coconut that changes up the flavor a bit and cools it down. As for the banh mi - maybe it was just me judging from the reviews, but I wasn't really blown away by it. I liked that the bun was warm and not overly crunchy like Baoguette, but it just didn't measure up to what I've had elsewhere. That said, this is a joint I'd visit again to sample some of the other offerings. If you're looking for wide variety, order a few different tacos, but otherwise, you're probably best eating a sandwich for thyself.
I love this little shop. One complaint I've had about NYC is not having a good banh mi. My go to has been Num Pang, and yes I know that is not a banh mi, but its been the closest to an actual banh mi I've had int he city. Blahblahblah, someone is going to say, what about Chinatown. Sure. Sorry, anything in California takes the cake. I want high quality ingredients in my delicious banh mi, and Xe May has been the only place to actually give me what I want. Inexpensive, a lot of options, and super nice people behind the counter. If they were a little closer to where I live, I'd be there a bit more often. Sorry guys!
I was compelled to write a review because the owners of this little banh mi shop are so friendly, and I really hope they do well. I got the Lam'bretta (coconut curry lamb with all the regular banh mi trimmings) and was not disappointed - the mild curry didn't overpower the tangy daikon/carrots/cucumber, and the bread was fresh and had a great crust. Lunch special right now is $8 for any sandwich, any drink, and either a cookie or a bag of veggie straws. Can't wait to come back to try the rest of their menu. Cash only.
Like many of the other reviewers, I was compelled to write a review both because the workers here were incredibly nice *and* because it's obvious that they put a ton of care into their food -- which makes it delicious. I'm always a little apprehensive about asian fusion-ish places, but Xe May does it right. I ordered a Super Cub Classic for lunch. The sandwich was tasty, perfectly portioned and came on extremely fresh bread. Crispy outside, soft inside and that distinct homemade taste. If you're a banh mi purist, you may find things to complain about, but this sandwich is delicious -- and at $6, it's a bargain. I also ordered a coconut curry lamb sandwich to go. They asked me how long I'd plan to wait before eating it. When I said a few hours, they offered to keep it disassembled and explained how to reassemble it later to prevent sogginess. Their drinks are good too. I tried the basil limeade soda, which was nice and not overly sweet.
Wow, I'm impressed.  At $6 a piece, I thought it was gonna be some small crappy sandwich with a couple of pieces of meat (after all, we're not in Chinatown) in a hard baguette that you'll chip your tooth on.  Instead, I got bread that was perfectly toasted, and a filling where you can actually taste meat along with the perfectly pickled vegetables in each bite. For the record, I got "The Hog."  Be warned, your sandwich will take about ten minutes to come out after ordering so fast food this is not.  I want to give this place five stars...but I figured I should wait for a larger sample size than one dish before making such a bold statement.  I look forward to coming back and testing out this spot some more.
I really don't understand why this place got such high ratings.  I can see why people in NYC would like this place, the decor is snazzy, bright colors, unique design, small shop, something Compared to CA, their super cub classic is subpar and lacking depth of flavor and freshness from the vegetables.  Lucky for them, the sandwich I ordered was the "Hog", hence the 4 stars, but if I had tried the classic first, it would have been a 3 star rating.  I also tried the Pilot and it was disappointing, no flavors in it, especially lemongrass, it was too mild.  If I had to recommend any of the sandwiches, it would be the Hog, don't bother with the others. One thing that I did like about this place was the baguette they used, it was much thinner than the one in CA and the bread was much softer.  They also toast the bread so that definitely plays up the taste to certain crowds.  Traditionally, there is supposed to be more meat and vegetables, here, they give you a few slices of meat and vegetables that are thinly sliced so it appears that you got a lot. The food I tried does not make me crave this place nor would I come back again because I think I can find another place that's cheaper with the same amount of ingredients.  The menu may not be as creative but at least the classic sandwich will be better.   Unfortunately, despite the high rating, I would only mention this place in passing if somebody asked for this particular type of food and I definitely wouldn't take somebody from CA here, they would be disappointed.  However, if you want to try a twist on the Banh Mi, this is place to try (just don't get the classic).
Vietnamese sandwiches never get old especially when they are close to home :) There are a few Vietnamese sandwiches shops near my apartment and it is always a challenge to find a new one that could outdo the other. Xe May does it for me. It took over a Bodywork parlor that used to occupy the same space and transformed it into a cute, woody and modern Vietnamese sandwich shop. The menu handwritten on the blackboard states that the sandwiches here are meant to be unrivaled and unique. I ordered the SuperClub Classic for lunch special, which includes a full sandwich, any drink you want and a bag of cookie or chip. I ordered the SuperClub Class sandwich, which is BBQ pork, pate  with pickles and cilantro and spicy mayo inside the lightly toasted baguette. It is a huge sandwich and the BBQ pork is thinly sliced and sweet. It is more like a smoked honey glazed ham than traditional shredded pork. However, the new interpretation is surely delicious! The pickle and cilantro really compliment the flavor and texture of the pork well. I am definitely coming back for more as the price in the area is unbeatable and the flavor is outstanding! next one I am going to try is lamb :)
Lamb taco ordered n cuppa hot sue da... Only customer in.....guys serving n cooking cool and very friendly/personable. My corn tortilla came to me with the edges dry....no color contrast or crisp/crunch/gold on the tortilla itself. No sauce detected...taco dry in mouth. Lamb was fine... I kept comparing to Kogi tacos---same price point, but vastly different oral eating party and experience. Wish he had offered to make me another that was bombdiggilicious---
I don't get it. Ordered a super classic. Took a bit longer to make than comparable bahn mi places. Thought it was a good sandwich but without being told what it was supposed to be, would never have guessed "bahn mi". The sandwich tasted like a typical  "american" sandwich with ham and mayo. The carrots didn't have the characteristic pickly flavour to it.  The pate didn't have that gamey twang and actually tasted like nothing at all. Bread was big and nicely toasted but made the filling seem meagre and ungenerous. Also got a vietnamese coffee that was very bland and just meh. Plus it was really hot and made the liquid taste slightly of the wax interiour coating of the paper cup melting in.   Shop was small but bright and new, staff were professional and courteous. Don't know, nothing really horrible here, but maybe just call it a plain ol' sandwich shop.
Holy Smokes! These sandwiches were amazing. I split the "Super Cub" and "Beefstretta" with a friend, and they were wonderful. They were made to order, so we waited about 7 minutes but it was totally worth it!  They are variations on the bahn mi... they still have the pickled carrot, radish and cucumber, but different meats. One of them had beef in it. The other had pork roll, pate, and a variety of other delicious meats. The servers were super friendly! The place is COMPLETELY tiny. Sort of wish I had tried the traditional bahn mi, but everything was great! The sandwiches were only 6 bucks. A true cheap eat! Will definitely be coming back.
I've tried most of the sandwiches here.  My favorite is The Hog.  The sandwiches are always flavorful, the bread seems fresh and they are consistent with the taste.  I'll come here once every 2-3 weeks to get a couple sandwiches for me and friends everytime it tastes amazing.  They even last well in the fridge for a few days and the bread doesn't get soggy or limp when microwaved.  I would, and have, recommend to anyone who enjoys a good Banh Mi.
Love this adorable sandi' shop. Was in the mood for some Vietnamese and this place totally hit the spot. Don't expect to come with more than 3-4 people though. There isn't much space to speak of. The owners truly poured heart ("we gained like 10 pounds trying stuff out!" - claimed one of them) into their sandwiches and the results show for it :) They also use Square for credit card payments which is always fun :) We got the Classic CUB and the Sidecar and were torn between which one we liked better. I really liked the bread and the way it was cut, since most Viet banh mi's have fat sides, which makes the filling push out and makes it difficult to nom :) Does that make sense? I'm definitely coming back to try the Veggie one and that Lamb sandwich! Oh, don't forget to get the lychee green tea...it's super refreshing!
These guys are doing it right. Came in here on a Saturday night.  One guy working the regiester the other working the kitchen. Waited a few minutes for my sandwich to be made, during that time, about 8 people walked in and ordered food, the workers in there new every customer by name and order. There aren't enough propierters like this in this CITY....They will suceed on this alone. By the way, there food is also amazing!
I love this place! I work down the block at macaron parlour and this is my favorite neighborhood spot to get meals on my break. I was obsessed with the mean green bahn mi for a while and recently decided to branch out and try the vegetarian vermicelli salad. it was amazing! the lychee green tea is also great. the guys who work here are super nice and the food is delicious!
Perfect value. Great sandwich, went with the hog. Really thought it was well done, excellent meat and bread, well flavored. Price of sandwich and drinks were great. Constructive criticism: Ordered super spicy, and it was mildly spicy despite sriracha and jalapeno. The lychee ice tea was pretty bland, and not in a subtle but appreciated sort of way. Personally enjoyed the less sweet vietnamese iced coffee but girlfriend would have preferred it at a more typical level of sweetness.
Oh, Xe May -- you are so incredible. I'm glad to see yelp is giving you so much love, and I'll simply add my quick two bit. 1st Ave and Saint Marks. Tiny little shop, amazing sandwiches. The two owners, Davis and Allan are super friendly and clearly work too much -- I tell them to take a day off every time I go in, since they are the only ones running it. Such is the struggle of starting your own business... I'm partial to THE HOG, but have also had the Lamb'retta and the Veg one... I'm not adventurous enough to do the whole Classic headcheese thing. The bread is absolutely incredible, the add a nice portion of pickled veggies (radishes, carrots, cucumbers, etc) and I always ask for it spicy -- they add jalepenos (they're so fresh and spicy it blows my mind) and siracha. They make a few beverages (not just the ones in the case) so I would suggest trying those. Viet teas and coffees, but the fresh basil and lime spritzer job is insane. I could seriously eat this shit every day. They also take credit cards which is a lifesaver sometimes.  One of my favorite places in the East Village, and definitely one of the titans on St. Marks. Keep up the good work guys. Oh yeah, I'm going to redeem my free meal (12 visits) in the near future. Score.
I'm still in search of the end all be all banh mi.  I had extremely high expectations about this place, considering what the interwebs be saying about this place. I was underwhelmed.  Sure it was a delicious sandwich.  For me though, the bread was a bit too crusty, and I feel like my bahn mi (I got the classic cub) was under stuffed with all the fixings that make a banh mi crack in sandwich form. I do appreciate the buy 10 get 1 free stamp card.  I'm willing to try this place again, maybe it was just a fluke when I visited.
Geez a lot of people have already written this place up. The classic banh mi sandwich was great - almost like a perfectly constructed version of your typical banh mi sandwich w nicer bread. I still prefer Baogette's banh mi which has that gnarly dirty charred bits of pork which makes it unique and dirty dog nyasty. And you really can't compare this to Num Pang which does so many sandwiches so well but no banh mi. I'd be curious to try their other sandwiches here, like the lamb. Good sandwich. Sorry I didn't mean to put all their competitors names in my review since they're really nice guys and make a great sandwich - just for completeness of the review. Banh mi Saigon in Chinatown is a cheaper rougher version of Xe May s sandwich. Dammit. There I did it again. Would come back if near or to try one of their other sandwiches.
Not your typical banh mi as it's more fusion-ish but it was still pretty good. Only gripe would be the bun but I quickly forgot about it after feasting on the insides. And I got the chicken and the first sandwich. Forget what it's called. The summer rolls were also solid. The dude at the counter also reminds me of Eddie Huang, except friendlier and minus the ghetto. De la ghetto. Still makes me laugh. Definitely gotta try the tacos.
My friend raves about this place 24/7 so my expectations may have been unreasonably high when I first tried it. The Super Cub Classic is a good sandwich - there's no doubt about that. The baguette was warm and soft, the meats were fresh, and the flavor combination was unique. All of that yet there was still more to be desired. It definitely could have used a little more meaty substance although I do appreciate the liberal use of carrots, cucumbers, and lettuce - all of which gave the roll a refreshing and light flavor. Next time I'll try one of their meatier selections like the Lambretta. On a side note, don't miss out on the drinks here - the lychee green tea is absolutely delicious. Since I'm relatively inexperienced with Bahn Mi I'll try some other local places and give Xe May another shot in the future. I may have set the bar too high on my first go around.
Amazing Sex in My Mouth type sammiches!! i've eaten a million banh mi's, as every place makes them a little different.. My solid go-to place is Banh Mi Saigon.. But my sammich here was sooooooo good... like... take your time and savor the flavor good.. so good that i texted my sister while i was eating it to tell her how good it is.. i had the coconut curry lamb sammich with the basil limeade.. delicious with a complimenting beverage.. the flavors were great, the fresh ingredients were bright, and the bread was delish.. perfect.   i cant wait to eat another one.. and the staff were very friendly and helpful! instant favorite!
My fiance and I stopped by this place on Superbowl Sunday to grab a quick bite. Give these guys some support and try their food!  They are really nice and their food is solid. To be honest however (which I promised them I would be in my review), I wouldn't say their sandwiches beat my favvvvorite spot on Mott St., ;) but their menu seems pretty varied and my fiance still scarfed down the sandwich in a record two minutes (we ordered the classic). ;) My only recommendation is to use thinner bread. Yes, banh mi's are all about the bread. The texture, the size, the crunch, the chewiness, etc. etc. We felt the bread was just too thick for the relatively little amount of filling inside. If the bread remained the same consistency and texture yet was thinner/flatter, think we would have enjoyed the sandwich infinitely more. The flavor would have a lot more punch, and all the varied tastes of the veggies, sauce, meat, etc. working together would be more apparent. In terms of the pork and pâté, flavoring was really good. I know the smell and taste can seem slightly offensive to some, but for me personally, the stronger the flavor the better. They also added a lot of raw jalepenos to our sandwich (yumm) and brought out their signature sauce for us to try, which I believe might be used in another one of their menu items (?). Not as savory as the regular sriracha sauce - a little more sweet and tangy, but equally as delicious. Can't wait to go back to see what else they have on the menu...
Had high expectations for this place that just haven't been met, even after two visits. The club classic is the typical banh mi -- nicely toasted bread, mayo, and pork pâté. I agree with those who say the meat cut could be thicker -- just think the banh mi at Saigon Shack is unbeatable and the sandwiches at Num Pang are better. I wish the snacks were more inventive than lays potato chips and pretzels. Maybe something that doesn't look like it was bought in bulk at Costco? My feeling is that the lunch special is $8, so that's a $6.50 sandwich and $2 drink plus a snack.  Not a particularly good deal since I typically wouldn't buy the snack anyway. Service tends to be very friendly though and the ingredients are fresh. But definitely think there are better sandwich shops in the city.
After reading all the rave reviews, I decided to check out this place, and it did not disappoint. We got the SuperClub sandwich which is made with thinly sliced bbq pork, shreded carrots, cucumber, cilantro and spicy sauce in a toasted baquette (you can pick whole wheat or regular). The cilantro added a very nice kick to the sandwich and the baquette is toasted crispy. Delicious and very healthy I took a bite of the Pilot sandwich, which is made with the same ingredients and chicken. But the chicken was marinated so nicely and very tender. I think I prefer the Pilot more than the pork Will come back to try other sandwiches
Xe May is "Xe" Place to be when it comes to Vietnamese Banh Mi Sandwiches! This recently opened and new shop was recommended to me by a really good friend and she told me, I will not be disappointed...and to my surprise: I wasn't. (And I came from living in a large Vietnamese Community for 4-5 years too so I know my Vietnamese Food.) lol FOOD: This is a new twist and take on Vietnamese Sandwiches. Granted I haven't had the full range of their menu yet, but judging from what I see, I can tell it will have cohesive flavor profiles, and an outstanding punch. I started with the original classic just so i have something to reference to when I try the others as well as see how they made the classic.  It was flavorful, and had a lot of tender love and care when making it and you can see it when you look at the section of the sandwich. Very thick, deli style more than the traditional style cut of meat and made on the spot. The sauce they used and mixed with the Sirracha sauce wasn't too overpowering and complimented the sandwich. PS-Lunch Special $8 for Sandwich, drink and chips is a great deal! No credit cards under $12 dollar value or something so just fyi.   SERVICE: Very friendly, both owners (Davis and Alan) are very outgoing and love to talk to you. Granted they are trying to promote their shop, but it's always nice to talk directly to the owners and see an interactive and outgoing personality in the shop.  They explain to you what they can and are very easy going. ATMOSPHERE: From what I understand, all the decor is done in house with friends and artists and in my opinion, they did a great job.  The orange sign outside requires a lot of cleaning but its a vibrant color that draws attention and expresses their outward, daring and open personality which is evident and shown also through their food.  The inside has a nice traditional wood aesthetic but also designed simple and cleanly. I hope they keep this look because in this designer's opinion...Less is More and Simplicity is beautiful! There is ample room for a waiting area to stand and a few seats to sit down and not be forced to the street right away.  I would maybe like to see more seats to the right when you come in instead of that bench but that's just my opinion. (and also a flat screen tv somewhere) SUMMARY: Great place for banh mis! You will not regret it and everything is in sync from service, food and atmosphere. I will definitely be back many times!
I am terrified of head cheese, as is my mother.  So, being a massive douche, I ordered us the Lam'bretta and a Super Cub Classic, sans head cheese.  The guy working the register replied, "Are you sure?  The head cheese makes the sandwich.  Do you want to taste it first?"  So, we figured, what the heck?  We took him up on the offer.  The delicately thin slices of meat he gave us looked nothing like the floating bits of meat in gelatin that I so despise.  It was light and spotted with various shades of pink.  The taste reminded me of a less dense version of kielbasa.  Excellent.  We ordered a Super Cub WITH head cheese. Super Cub Classic:  Considering there is four types of pork in this sandwich, it was not as meaty-tasting as I was expecting because the slices were paper thin.  It was surprisingly light with many layers of flavor, best appreciated by chewing slowly and savoring the bite.  However, it would've been better with a little more meat on it. Lam'bretta:  Holy moly, words cannot describe the explosion of flavor and spice that filled my mouth upon the first bite.  The spicy mayo on the carrots blends perfectly with the curried grease dripping out of the tender lamb shavings into the warmed, crusty bread. Basil Limeade Fizz:  Refreshingly citrusy with a delicate fragrance of basil.  I would love one of these on a hot summer day. Iced Lychee Green Tea:  Tastes exactly like lychee in liquid form.  It had a full-bodied flavor and was very interesting.  I'm not a huge lychee fan, so I obviously preferred the limeade.  But, I can see a lychee lover relishing this drink. Overall, really really excellent and unique sandwiches and drinks.  The staff is also incredibly nice and clearly care about their food.  I have every intention of returning to try their whole menu.
I love this place. The bread is always so good. It's crunchy but its not hard. I always get the Super Cub with the lychee jelly drink. The place is small but I usually take out the sandwich anyway. If you have Foursquare, try to get the mayorship or loyalty specials. You can get free drinks.
These sandwiches are thebomb.com.  I had my first taste of them at a Yelp event and knew I had to venture to the East Village for an entire sandwich.   Well I finally made it this past weekend.  A friend and I shared the Hog (grilled pork) and the Lam'bretta (curry lamb).  Oh man, they were so good.  The perfect ratio of pickeld veggies to flavored meat, to sauce, to bread.  I'm definitely sold.  Now while I'm used to slightly cheaper banh mi, I still thought the price was great compared to the going rate for other deli sandwiches in nyc.   While probably not the most traditional of banh mi since they have all sorts of crazy flavors, I appreciate the fusion aspect and will definitely be back to try them all.  Not too fatty, not bland, and not soggy...so total winners, obvi.   Don't come here expecting to eat in unless you're solo and in hurry.  Luckily four of us were able to snag the four counter seats to eat out of the rain this weekend, but I'd imagine during peak lunch hours our luck would've run dry.
First time visit. Tasty variation on a bahn mi sandwich. After mulling over the reviews I tried the Lam'bretta with curried lamb. The lamb has good flavor and texture. The bread is just how I like it, with a thin crisp crust on the outside and soft center. I ordered it spicy with Sriracha and fresh jalepenos and that was a good way to go. For $7.08 including tax it is decently priced but not fantastic for what I received (I guess I've spent too much time near the Chinatowns snapping up ridiculously cheap food). But what I had certainly did the job, esp. after such a short walk from home. I certainly would ratchet up my review with additional visits, should the other sandwiches be as tastylicious as this one.
Yummy Bahn Mi.  I hade the super cub and the limeade.  I would totally come back here.  And it isn't too hard on the purse strings.  Great deal.  Now that I have a little jingle in the pocket, I hope to make this a "go to" place. Found this place on a whim, after delivering a bike that I was working on to this neighborhood.  I hope I get more business in the area so I have a reason to return on a regular basis!
Aaaaamaxing, I'm sad that it took me 34 yes to find this type of sandwich but I will spend the next 34 coming back for more.  The lemongrass chicken Bon Me sandwich on wheat baguette was delicious and I had lamb taco as the appetizer.  Highly recommend if ure looking for a good meal for a great price!
Well being in the city I decided to give this place a shot. Let me say the Banh Mi is not all that. Have you tried Ba Xuyen in Brooklyn, its like having Pee Wee Herman playing the lead role in Scarface. Are you fucking kidding me, this sandwich is pale in comparison. I must say the whole wheat option is a plus, but there was barely a slither of meat in this sandwich. Do you think I have never tried different Banh Mi's before, read my list. The Vietnamese coffee was passable but definitely not the best I have ever tried. Why do I torture myself with sub par sandwiches when I know where the best stuff is. Well I will pass on this place, I dont care how many sandwiches I need to purchase in order to get a free one. Even if its is free I wouldn't eat it, this is just a passable Banh Mi.
