Love this place!!! This is the perfect old school Italian deli. Saturday's special is Roast beef and Mutz sandwich and let me tell you it's amazing. Only down side to this place is the waittttttttttttttttttt! Place is absolutely mobbed, no matter what time you go. My suggestion is to "brown bag" your favorite cocktail to ease the wait time
What can I say that hasn't been said?  Probably nothing. I die thinking about their fresh muzz... Come to think of it, that would be a pretty awesome way to die... just eat myself into oblivion on that wonderful, creamy, just a tiny bit salty food of the gods.   Or even choking on a sandwich, for that matter. Get the roast beef special (and add hot peppers!), or try a prosciutto, mozzarella, sundried tomato sandwich (as my husband calls it, a PMS...as the guys behind the counter call it, a "prosciutt and muzz with sundried."  Man I wish I could pull off that accent.)  It will feed you for a day and a half, if you have just a little bit more self restraint than me.
Best sandwich ever on Saturday. Rumor has it that the sandwich was the one Tina Fey was fighting over on 30 Rock and I believe it. I've been coming here for almost a decade and I will keep going there again and again.
Just got some bread, italian tuna and mozzarella from Fiore. Officially one of my favorite place to grab food in Hoboken. Will be checking in here regularly for grub. One note - there's no real concept of a line/queue - be alert and get someone's attention when you get in there.
So I was wondering whether all the chatter about this place was actually true.  Yeah, it is.  I came here today for their touted roast beef sandwich with mutz.  You pick your roll while you're waiting on line (yes, pretty much guaranteed that there will be a line), then bring it up to the counter when you place your order.  It kinda reminded me of a kinder, gentler version of the Soup Nazi.  Now onto the sandwich.  Mmmmmmmmmm!  Fresh mozzarella and tender roast beef, drizzled with gravy on a roll.  Simple goodness.  And amazingly, this little chunk of heaven was only $5.50. So, yes, Fiore's has justly earned its accolades.  If you want a solid sandwich with Italian heart, get your butts here!
Love. This. Place.   But don't go here, cause I don't need to wait behind any more people in line.
I have lived in Hoboken for a few years now, but only just heard about Fiore's Deli...and from New Yorkers no less!  Apparently, this traditional Italian space was worth the trip on the Path train, plus the walk all the way down to Adams Street.  I had tried Lisa's and Vito's, and I was definitely more of a Vito's fan.  However, I was willing to throw a new sandwich competitor into the ring. My brother and I sat in the car and crafted our ideal sub.  I then sent him inside to place the order.  He called me to clarify that, unlike Vito's, they did not offer a whole wheat baguette.  Plus, they were already sold out of their grilled, marinated chicken cutlets.  We revised our ingredient wish list  and waited with baited breath while the masterpiece was assembled. He rushed out with the treasured hoagie tucked under his arm, clinging it to his side as if he had just won a prize.  When I found out that the concoction cost a steep $13, I could not blame him for cherishing its freshness!  The masterpiece started with a large, white baguette from the local Dom's Bakery on Grand Street.  The doughy goodness was stuffed with tender turkey cold cuts, artichokes, roasted peppers, oregano, mozzarella cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, and oil & vinegar.  Despite the oozing olive oil, the vegetables had not been premarinated, allowing them to retain their crisp crunch.  The ingredients were extremely fresh, and the homemade mozzarella was rich and creamy. The Italian sandwiches at Fiore's sure lived up to their reputation.  I could then understand why it was worth the trip from Manhattan just to sink your teeth into a hearty sub filled with their rich mozzarella.
This is my first deli in NY, coming from Chicago I was excited to try a "legit" deli for the first time. And oh boy, I regret coming here because now I can't go to a regular JImmy John's or Subway without thinking about how much better the roast beef and mozz sandwich was at Fiore's. The roast beef and mozz is the best deli sandwich I have ever had! The roast beef was super tender. The Mozz stole the show though. You can't find Mozz as good as this in Chicago. The bread was a little harder/cheweier than preferred but all you need to do is use the beef gravy to soften it up and you're golden! The large sandwich is not pricey considering the sandwich is basically two sandwiches and the fact that they LOAD the meat on. Wish I could have stayed in NJ for longer...but I will be back Fiore's! You can count on it!
You know, I'm not the biggest mozzarella fan.  But this place makes some mean mozzarella.  So tasty - not overpowering, but so delicious you could eat a ball by the handful. I got the whole roast beef and mozzarella - I wasn't that impressed for the $15 or $16 it cost.   But that mozzarella...mmmmmmmmm.
The mozzarella is the best I've ever had!    This is a real-deal Italian deli. Get there early on Saturday because the Daily Special (Roast Beef, Mozzarella, and Gravy) is amazing.
The line is worth the wait for the hot roast beef and mozzarella sandwich specials. Don't worry if you not around during the week because of work, they have the same special on Saturday also. Get some hot peppers on it if you like some heat.
The King of Fresh Mozzarella.  period. Once upon a time, an Internet message board debated whether Fiore's made the best homemade mozzarella in New York City (despite the fact that it's not actually in New York City).    Those New Yorkers who experienced it agreed.  I made the claim, however, that if Fiore can be the best mozz in the NYC area, then it's a strong contender for the best homemade mozzarella in the country.   They've been making it fresh daily since the beginning of time (well, 1913) and do a pretty good damn job at it. For me, it is the mozzarella by which all other mozzarellas are judged by. Their triumph in sandwiches is the store-roasted roast beef, fresh mozzarella and gravy (I, like many others, like to add their fresh roasted red peppers as well).   Available only on Thursday and Saturday, when it's gone, it's gone, so get there early. The smoked mozz is good, as is the dry mozz, but it's the fresh "wet" mozz (or "mutz", in local parlance) is what it's all about. They are not too pricey, but a sign on the wall reads, "the taste of a good mozzarella is remembered  long after the price is forgotten." mmm, I'm getting a craving.
Last Saturday I was in the mood for a really good corned beef sandwich and this place was the first thing that came up when I Yelped. With all the amazing reviews about the mutz and roast beef I just had to try it. I grabbed my boyfriend and we made the trek to Hoboken. The inside was very small and not at all fancy which was great because it made the experience more authentic. We ordered a sweet Sopressata and mutz, roast beef and mutz (gravy on the side) and some peppers. A line was starting to form outside so we quickly grabbed our order and raced home. Sadly the roast beef was just okay. I wasn't at all impressed. I was glad we ordered the Sopressata as back up because it was delicious and the mutz was amazing. I'm going to give this place a second chance and come back on a Tuesday for the corned beef.
Great Italian sub with excellent fresh mozzarella.   $7 for 6 inch.  Great bread.  Sub is a little pricey, but worth it.
LORD LOVE A DUCK!  Roast beef, corned beef or any other sandwich with the fresh "Moo-ta-del" (mozzarella for you Met-ee-gons) is uncontrollably good. The Mozz is made on site and I usuall get a side to eat solo and some for home. Try the ham,salami and sharp provolone sandwich. Nothing better than a wedge of fresh provolone on great piece of bread, some meats and balsamic vinegar. The staff is ALWAYS pleasant. Old school! Customer is king here and I love it. It feels good to spend my hard earned money in a place that appreciates me and everyone else. A real Italian deli with no day workers running the place. ***** PARKING IS A PROBLEM *****
Solid Italian sandwich shop! Thursdays and Saturdays, house roasted roast beef and 1/2 inch thick home made muuttzz, with gravy.  Ask them to dunk the roll, they literally submerge it in a caldron of Au Jus gravy with caramelized onions.   Then find someplace where no one will take note of the gravy sliding down your chin and proceed to stuff yourself with tasty goodness.
Best . Sandwich . Ever . I can't even eat mozzerella anymore because I know it will taste like doody compared to Fiore's heavenly fresh mozz. YUM. I get a 'wich with prosciutto, mozz, sundried tomatoes and roasted red peppers. It's the best. I've had the roast beef special too and didn't enjoy it as much, but I'm also not a huge roast beef fan. Does anyone know their hours / if they are open over the weekend at all? I work in the city during the week and am never around for lunch. I need my fresh mozz fix!
I started going here a year ago based on the rave reviews.  I love the roast beef and muzz...it just melts in your mouth.  While I love a lot of deli's in Hoboken for different reasons, the muzz at Fiores in my opinion is second to none.  I love Vito's, but it's simply something to be tried by any food lover.  That aside don't discount the very good sandwiches other than the roast beef.  The sausage special on Wednesday is amazing, as is the Italian tuna fish.  Their Italian combo is also amazingly delicious.   A sandwich I love there is spicy sopressata with a bit of mayo and hand sliced sharp provolone on a roll.  Amazing!
If you have not yet been to Fiore's, it is time to get your priorities straight, my friend. The roast beef, muzz, and gravy sandwich will change your life. You want to know just how good this sandwich is? It is the kind of sandwich that you would walk miles to get. You would walk miles In freezing weather with snow slapping you in the face. How do I know this? Because last winter, I did just that. I walked from the east village over to the path. From the path in Hoboken to Fiore's. Back to the path. Back to my apartment. This trek was completed in 5 degree weather with a wind/snow combo strong enough to literally burn the skin on my face. All for a sandwich. Enough said.
Oh my god! Sandwich heaven! This hidden gem introduced me to Sopressata! I was so lost when I came here, but the staff was great! I picked out a conventional roll, and got the special which was: Peppered ham, sopressata, roasted red peppers, mozzarella. The mozzarella was so fresh and taste soooo amazing! This is the first time I ever had mozz on a cold-cut sandwich. I feel as if I've been robbed of years of happiness just finding out about this place! I will definitely come back next time i'm near hoboken!
Can only comment on the Sat Special..........Roast Beef(fresh) and Muzz(homemade)........delish. Keep in mind that a full sandwich is enough for two so be aware when ordering.  Also worth noting that if you do not get there before the afternoon rush you can wait up to an hour(probably not but close enough to make you leave).  Come back a little before 12 and you should be in and out swiftly.
This place is insane. The best Italian deli I've ever been to is in Poughkeepsie where I went to school so when I moved to Hoboken I was looking forward to trying others. Unfortunately none of them are even in the same league as Rossi's in Poughkeepsie--that is, except for Fiore's. Roast beef and corned beef specials are 10/10. Just wish they had these specials 6 days a week instead of 3
Just. So. Good. I cannot get enough of the ham/mozz/roasted red pepper combo. I sometimes have dreams about it.  I love the roast beef special and the italian tuna as well, but I always come back to the ham/mozz/roasted red pepper deliciousness. It is simple, authentic, and unrivaled by any other sandwich I have ever tasted. Bottom line, when in Hoboken, bring your appetite, and head to Fiore.
I'm going to give it a rare 5 stars.  Why?  Because they do it right. Crusty/chewy bread Good balance of fine Italian meats Awesome fresh mootz Good peppers Yeah you are going to pay more than most places but you will enjoy this if you have any kind of decent palate and enjoy a good " sangwich"
THE best fresh mozzarella you will ever find.  Period. by the way, Tuesday special is corned beef and mutz - but like everyone on here says the roast beef and mutz rocks.  Beware of line out the door...
The best Italian deli in Hoboken! Period! Great mozz, meats and antipasta. Go early on Saturday when they have the roast beef and hot gravy. My rankings: 1. Fiore's 2. M & P Biancamano 3. Vito's 4. Luca Brasi's We live right near Lisa's Deli but unfortunately it just isn't very good.
I am pretty sure you can eat the floor and it will be good.  There is a reason Artie Lang cannot go a week without the special.  It's excellent - fresh house roast beef, mutz and fresh bread from the bakery (which you pick out of a bag). I am yet to meet a person who does not like the sandwich, we tested other sandwiches and pasta salads.  Everything is top notch!  It's a true Italian deli, down to the occasional plump gentlemen sitting in the back arguing "politics" in Italian.  FYI - the special is served Tues, Thurs and Sat and there is a HUGE line on Saturday if you get there anywhere after noon.
Good for Roast Beef or Italian Specialty meats and cheese only! So i checked the various Yelp reviews while searching for a decent deli in Hoboken and Fiore's seemed to top the list. Now don't get me wrong, the roast beef and fresh mozzarella were good. But how does an italian deli NOT make a Godfather?  Roast Beef, Melted Mozz on garlic bread, not very difficult! Thats what i ordered and the counter guy handed me a sandwich in about 30 seconds. me:"uh, i said garlic bread" him "we no have garlic bread" me: "thanks for telling me after i ordered" "you have butter & a toaster oven don't you?" him: "no What a dick! i walked out thinking "this better be some damn good roast beef". It was good,  for Hoboken . But, like I said, good for the basics but by no means a modern deli with, i don't know, a variety when it comes to various meat & cheese. I guess i got spoiled with Boars Head and  luxuries like turkey, chicken, american, swiss, garlic bread, LETTUCE, TOMATO! Go if you're craving Roast Beef or specialty italian meats, don't go if you are expecting a deli.
The saturday special, roast beef, mozz with hot gravy, is a must. Bread comes from Dom's a block away on 5th and grand. Most legit delis in Hobo carry it. If you want to try some killer carbs, go to Dom's and get a foccia pie
Yep, just one more confirmation - this place is an absolute gem. Amazing, amazing food for a really fair price. The place gets packed though, so either call ahead or be prepared to wait in line a bit depending on when you go.
Oddly enough, we were introduced to this place by one of the real estate agents in Hoboken.  He'd thought that this would be the final push to buy the place.  While we never bought the place, we were forever committed to "FIORES." Ofcourse, it was a Saturday and my husband ended up getting the special w/ lots of gravy.  I, on the other hand, wanted just the roll w/ fresh motz and sundried tomatoes.   If you happen to find yourself there on a Thurs or a Sat., make sure you get the special w/ lots of gravy.  Get the biggest piece of bread and then eat half and save the half for later.  My hubby likes to nuke the second half before eating.  IF you are not into beef and / or veggies, then get whatever else.  You can eat mud w/ their motz and bread - it'll be good.   Now for the most important part: If you really love someone or care for them, do NOT introduce them to this place. It'll be easier for them to not know this place.  Just trust me, have a bite and you'll know what I mean. -PGT
Best mozz ever. Staff is friendly but hours are limited and it can get crowded during peak times. Their mozz puts everyone else's to shame. It's absolutely the best in Hoboken... possibly the world.
A true Hoboken gem - the roast beef + mozz with garlic peppers, this is what you'd eat every day if you didn't care about weighing 500 pounds and being surgically removed from your sweatpants. Another great choice is the Italian Tuna special - simple, vinegary and delicious against the tasty bread. Secret: if you call ahead and pick up, you don't have to wait in the massive line of chodes that tends to form on the weekends. I am with a previous reviewer, skip Carlo's and head to Fiore's. It's at least worth the wait in line, and you'll hear just as much Italian Jersey banter, only without the theatrics and tourists.
We love love love Fiore! Roast beef with extra gravy please.  I like it better with roll than hero. The mozzarella is fresh and probably one the best I have had.
I've been Hoboken for five years and this is by far the best mozz I've ever had. Their Thursday and Saturday specials are roast beef with gravy and fresh mozzarella. I always look forward to it and try to go at least a few times a month.
Unbelievable fresh and smoked mozzarella. I only wish they opened on Sunday. Great people and great service.
I've only been here once but the five stars goes for the Sunday special sandwich, the roast beef, mutz in gravy is amazing. I need to go back soon! Check this sandwich out, it's great!
amazing sun dried tomato sub with mozzarella....... love it ate the whole sandwich...
I went here for lunch yesterday with my brother and all I can say is wow.  Hands down the best mozzarella cheese I've ever tasted.  My brother and I both got grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, wet mozzarella, and balsamic on rolls.  The gentlemen making our sandwich kindly gave us samples of the mozzarella and we were both in heaven when we tried it for the first time.  Fiore's is known for their mozzarella and I can see what all the hype is about.
I'm only going to write this. The roast beef on Thursdays and Saturdays are the BEST sandwich you can ever have the pleasure of consuming. For more flavor add the garlic roasted red peppers. Simply amazing!
Fiore's is one of those rare gems in an area like Hoboken; they do what they do better than anyone else, they're a bit quirky, and their food is absolutely incredible. I've only been here for the Thursday/Saturday roast beef and mozz special, but I've done it on several occasions. I'm not the type of person who thinks about food regularly, watches food TV shows, reads food magazines/blogs or anything like that... but I have dreams about this sandwich. It's simply that good. You really can't miss it. Everything about the sandwich is amazing. The fresh bread from the bakery around the corner, the to-die-for fresh mozzarella, and roast beef... and the amazing gravy! One thing I would suggest is to get the gravy on the side. It's an entirely different experience to dunk the sandwich into the gravy. I'm hooked on this place. I keep coming back, even though the times during which they offer the sandwich are pretty hectic for me, and it's really out of my way. I just can't stay away!
The reviews don't lie.  I work from a home office in town and often go to Fiore's for a sandwich at lunchtime.   The fresh mutz (as they say) is truly to die for.  Soft, chewy, rich and always fresh.  Nothing like it.  The cold cuts, and specials are always sublime.  The scene is also worth the price of admission.   These guys have been here a long time and the whole experience is so quintessential central casting "Jersey" it's hard to believe that you're not on a movie set - complete with the old guys sitting around the table in the back yakking and holding court while the friendly younger guys are out front slamming salami, roast beef and and sausages into fresh buns with big slabs of the fresh mutz.   Lot's of "howyadoin's and yougotits" as they move the usually bustling lunch time crowd through. This is strictly take out and cash only.  I love the ambiance almost as much as the food.
I absolutely LOVE this place. Staff is very friendly! I love going on Tuesday's and getting their corned beef special.
Definitely the Italian deli of hoboken.  Enough on the Mutz.  Plenty of other reviews.  My recommendation - come here on Friday's for the italian tuna and mutz special.  It's the best.  While I love the roast beef, the tuna is my goto Friday lunch.
Amazing sandwich on delicious Italian bread.  A gourmet Italian hero like they used to make in the old neighborhood I grew up in Brooklyn.  Hot Italian ham, mozzarella, garlicky roasted peppers, a little olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  What more does a girl need in life?   Life is good as long as Fiore's is in my world.
The best mozz I have ever tasted.  I think that it is even better that this place looks like it came out of an old mobster movie.
yum yum
Bomb.
I wish I could work in this place so that I could get an employee discount. Their cheese is absolutely fantastic. It's gotta be the best in Hoboken. It kick's Vito's Deli (806 Washington St) in the ass. Haven't had the sandwiches -- might I recommend buying your bread at Antique Bakery, and coupling it with Fiore's mozz. You'll thank me.
This is the place for mutz, the sandwich with gravy, peppers and mutz is to die for.
Legendary.  What more can you say?
Fiore's is the kind of place you just don't find any more.  The guys that run it look and sound like they stepped right off of a Scorcese or Coppola movie set.  It's the best neighborhood joint in Hoboken, maybe even Jersey.  The fresh muzz (mozzarell or mozzarella, depending on how Italian yous are and where yous come from) is the reason to come.  They make it on site every morning (don't come before about 9:45am, cause it hasn't set up yet), six days a week. This isn't a typical deli either.  Yes, you can get processed sliced ham or turkey breast on your sandwich, but that's a sure sign you are not a local.  Stick to the special of the day (especially the roast beef and gravy) or get plain muzz with sundried tomatoes, balsamic and garlicky hot peppers on a half stick from Dom's coal-fired brick oven bakery.  It's simply the best sandwich ever.
Really good mozzarella! Fresh and tasty bread. They make a mean sandwich. I have to admit, I kind of love that they're not located on Washington and all the commotion of hoboken. Staff is quick to work and friendly!
Wow.... The special on Saturday ( roast beef and gravy with fresh mozzarella) is maybe the best sandwich I've had. I added some hot peepers to mine ( if you like a little heat, you have to do it) and it was over the top amazing. The bread is great, the meat and cheese are fresh and delicious, and the gravy is fantastic.  The food from here tastes as good as the place smells. Just go on a Saturday and dont worry about the line.
very good subs!!!
not that my review matters and i'm not saying anything new here...but honestly....SO $%#&^^ING GOOD!!!!!! it's so simple.  the sandwiches are very basic but the ingredients are TOP QUALITY!! bread= amazing fresh mutz= unreal meats= as good as you can ask for the fresh mutz is so juicy and salty, is great alone or makes any sandwich you get mind-blowing.  and they give very generous portions on the sandwiches! my go to: fresh mutz and prosciutto on a long roll.  everyone else in my crew's go to is the thursday and saturday special: roast beef and fresh mutz dipped in gravy. warning: cash only and is usually crowded as hell
Not worth the hype
Authentic old school joint.  Love the roast beef and fresh mozz sandwich with gravy.  I also add roasted red peppers for a juicy garlicy kick.  A sandwich can run you $14 but that's on a big loaf of bread so you could easily turn that into a sandwich for two.
damn. these yelpers do not lie.   holy mozzarella heaven.  lovely, delicious, melty, soft, salty, creamy mozzarella.   had the special of the day...corned beef.  also fantastic.  topped off my sandwich with some garlic marinated hot peppers.  DELICIOUS. staff is super friendly. as a first timer i didn't know what to get.  after getting a taste test of some mozzarella, i was immediately in awe and couldn't decide on a thing because i was so excited.  staff was friendly and patient. please don't judge me if i come back every day this week.
Well, I didn't actually go here.  My buddy from work came back with a sandwich today consisting of fresh mozzarella, turkey, ham, and a lil mayo.  He asked me if I wanted to try, and I said 'Sure'.  Holy F.  The sandwich had me on the bread alone.  The 'Mutz' (as Stephanie Y. would say) was fresher than a mofo.  If I were my buddy, I would've been selfish, and dog the sandwich all to myself, covering it as if I was in prison.  I can't wait to pay a visit and get my own.
This is by far my favorite deli on the planet. The fresh mozz is a 15 on a scale of 1-10. The roast beef and mozz is delicious as most have already mentioned, but my favorite is the Tuesday special (corned beef, mozz and mustard on a hero). If you're in Hoboken, go here.
Nicest guys in the world.  Best place to get fresh mozzerella, no doubt.  They make a roast beef/gravy/mozzerella sandwich that is delicous, but it is only twice a week special. Only negative is that they don't have regular sub toppings (lettuce/tomato/onions etc) so your sandwiches are limited to roasted peppers and various pickled toppings. Double park in front. Get there before or after the lunch rush.
Best roast beef & mozz sandwich ever.  A buddy of mine who works on Wall Street sends out the town car to bring back a bunch of sandwiches back to the office.  Its THAT good.  I will make it a point to come often each Thurs/Sat before heading back to SF.  Nothing like this back home...
Love the mozzarella, prosciutto and roasted red peppers that have been marinated in garlic. This is my favorite place in Hoboken. I was missing 50 cents one time I went, they said just pay next time. So delicious! Always craving it.
I can only judge Fiore's on it's Mozzarella, but that alone is worth the visit. At this small traditional deli, the Mozzarella, Roasted Peppers, and Balsamic sandwich is wonderful. Obviously not the healthiest meal as there is Mozzarella piled high, but it's  a nice treat every once and awhile.
I was told by a native Hoboken person that I had to have a sandwich here because nothing is like the fresh bread and the fresh mozz and he was right!!!!!!!!! When in NY I have to make the trek over, so well worth it
Roast Beef and Mozz with gravy...'nuff said!
There is a reason why this place has a huge line on Saturday (besides the fact that it's not open Sunday, boo).  Fresh mutz, crusty bread, and all the fixins you could want (if you need them.  you really don't.)  Try the octopus salad!
After reading about Fiore Deli of Hoboken when looking up the Food Tour of Hoboken, and hearing from my cousins that their Mozzarella was amazing. I knew I needed to look them up on Yelp. After reading the reviews, I decided I needed to try one of their specials of the week as soon as possible. I tried going on a Friday evening around 5pm after getting home from work and unfortunately they were sold out of all the tuna options. Yesterday I decided I would give it another shot. I got there around 11am and the line was only a few people long. I got the Saturday special with roasted red peppers. It was absolutely amazing. I can't wait to go back and try other sandwiches and also pick up some of their hot pepper poppers and other anti pasta items. By the time I left at about 11:15am, the line was already out the door and starting down the street so definitely get their early. Also it's cash only, but they are more than willing to make sure you stay under whatever cash you have if you are buying multiple items (as the person in front of me was). Overall the food was delicious and brought me back to my grandfather's anti pasta platters & hoagies and the staff was very friendly and helpful despite how busy they were. I'll definitely be coming back especially when my family comes to visit!
I ate hear on a trip down the Atlantic coast.  I drove through New York traffic for the sole purpose of eating at Fiore's, and it was totally worth it.  I had the roast beef and mozz and I'd rank it as one of the 5 best things I've ever eaten.  The homemae, fresh mozzarella makes such a huge difference- it doesn't taste like the mozzarella you buy at the grocery store, it's so, so much better.  I ended up taking 1/4 pound of mozz with me to eat on the rest of the drive.  Their mozz will re-define the word mozzarella for you.  For me, eating at Fiore's isn't worthy a detour.  It's worthy of a trip.  Just like the Maltese Falcon, the roast beef & mozz is the stuff that dreams are made of.
Great mozzarella, great bread.  Nothing else need be stated.
Best old school Italian owned and operated Deli around.  The fresh "Mutz" is the best you will find anywhere, but make sure to eat it as soon as you can to get the best flavor out of it.  I usually get Proscuitto and Mutz with balsamic vinegar on a hero.  You cant go wrong.  They even give you a piece of Mutz when your ordering your food.  Great guys and a great old school place.  It's like turning back the clock 50 years.
I love the roast beef with fresh mozzarella and gravy.  Best thing to eat on saturday after a good night of drinking on friday in Hoboken.  The other deli sandwiches are great too as long as it is not saturday I stop by get a variety of other italian sandwiches.
Woke up early, got in the car, drove through the Lincoln tunnel and headed to Fiore's for the first time.  After waiting a few minutes for it to open, we ordered our cold cuts, sharpe provolone, roasted red peppers w/garlic and picked out our fresh bread that had just been delivered.  The mozz wasn't ready yet, so we'll have to make another trip in for that.  Got home and couldn't wait for lunch, so the hubby and I just dug into the roasted red peppers w/garlic along with some aged provolone and the explosion of flavors in our mouths was beyond anything we've ever tasted!  Thank you Yelpers for recommending this place so highly.  Nothing compares!
Definitely one of the must-do's if you're visiting Hoboken for a day-trip.  Its a short walk from Washington Street, but you won't be disappointed!  There is customer parking (if you can find it next to the store) too.  The guys at Fiore's are always super-chill, and always take good care of any customer.  They'll never nickel and dime you, and you always get more than what you paid for.  I've bought sandwiches on numerous occasions, and even though they don't remember me, I always get treated with love.  The roast beef and mutz is one of their most popular sandwiches, so get there early (I've seen lines at 10:30am!) or get in line.  The mutz is made in-store, and its one of the best.  The mutz just melts in your mouth and leaves you wanting more.  Its a blessing and a curse that I live behind Fiore's, but I can't complain.  Definitely an A+ establishment, and an A+ team.
Great mutz.  I've informed my girl that I'll be marrying the roast beef and gravy, moving to the country and starting a family with it. Then the Italian tuna will be my mistress.
I used to live in Hoboken.  This deli made it worth it.  Is it run by mobsters?  Once you taste their mozzarella you won't care if they're prying some poor schmuck's fingernails off on their way to work, or dumping people in the Hudson with cement on their feet.  As long as they keep the sandwiches coming, they're alright by me.  I recommend the roasted red peppers and mozzarella sammy, or roast beef with gravy and mozzarella sammy for you meat-lovers.  They'll both make you think mouths are capable of orgasms.
Best. Deli. Ever. Simple as that.
DELICIOUS. Just went for the first time. it's Thursday, which is Roast Beef Special day. there's no menu, only a special of the day and a cooler of cold cuts to choose from. the gentlemen behind the counter are extremely friendly and willing to give samples of their cheese if you haven't tried it before. the bread is amazing as well and I can't wait to go back.
Went here on a saturday, and damn glad I did.  Nice sized line out the door, but it only took 15 minutes total to get out of there.  All the right smells were there, and the place screamed old school.  One nice touch was picking your own bread for the sandwich, which is all supposed to be specially baked for them from Dom's Bakery (coal oven, more on this in a second).  The vast majority of their ingredients were either home/locally made or imported, and everything looked fresh.  Not the most organized place, but actually I like the fact that they didn't have a menu.   Regardless, on saturday they have their famous roast beef special available.  It came with mutz and gravy, and I got some sauteed onions as well.  I got this on half of the loaf of bread I picked up, and I got mutz, hot sopressata, and roasted red peppers on the other side.  Of the two the roast beef was the better, very rich with meaty flavor.  The problem I had with it was the gravy was very watery, and either soaked into eveything else or got all of the bag.  The crappy part was that it was delicious, but I wish I would've known it was more of an au jus rather than a gravy, and I would've told them to go light on it.  The onions were a great addition, and the mutz was top of the line stuff, on par with the famous mozzarella shops in the city (Lioni, Casa della Mozz, etc.).  The sopressata hero was great in its own way though, and the sopressata was top quality stuff as well.  The roasted red peppers were delicious, and overall the sandwich came together great.   The only bad part besides the gravy mishap was the bread.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  A little too stiff, a little too thick; more the kind of bread you'd have with dinner instead of making a sandwich with.  Regardless, you can't beat the net positives here, and I gotta say this is the best sandwich spot I've been to so far.
Probably the best places for sandwiches around. The roastbeef special is so amazing that they ffer it two days a week (Thursday and Saturdays). They make their mozzarella there homemade. Once you have a Fiore's sandwich, there's no going back to any other place.
Good stuff. Only had the special muz and roast beef sandwich they serve on Saturdays. It was tastey but not as amazing as it's reputation.
my friends who live in Hoboken introduced me to this place. the first time i had it, i didn't know what i was eating because they got the sandwich for me... i just ate it. and then i thought...oh my gosh! what is this. i got the name of the place but never got a chance to return ... till now. this place has a small parking lot right next to the store!?!? how awesome is that to make a quick pick up run.... total gem in the streets of Hoboken. okay... so i was a little overwhelmed by the ordering method. it's not first time user friendly. no worries - little things like that won't keep me from my food. just got on the line, ordered to the guy what i wanted (a little ambitious order but... heck i wanted to put everything in my sandwich) the guy made us pick out our bread. their mozz... definitely fresh. it's good. the garlic pepper.. HOLY GARLIC. my gosh they really saturated this thing. The reason for the 4... my combination wasn't the best. (I got too ambitious too many things going on at the same time) but if i find that sandwich which makes me scream like a little girl... yeah. I'll change my rating. till then... every time i go to Hoboken i will try a new combination. it will be a joyous venture!!! on a side note... supposedly my eyes got big and sparkled as soon as i took a bite out of my sandwich. wonder what will happen when i find "the one" hahaha - oh no doubt. it's there... just have to be patient.
The only thing I have ever gotten here is the roast beef with muzz and gravy, which is always fantastic. The line is out the door on Saturday for this sandwich, so go early and ask for extra napkins.
You'll find every good eating establishment in Hoboken on Washington street. Well....almost every good eating establishment. Fiore's is a deli that makes straying from Washington all the more worth it. This can be a pretty intimidating place if you don't know what you're doing. As some of the more bitter reviewers pointed out, this isn't the type of place where they list a menu of items, unless it's a special. But don't let the passionate localism scare you. The guys in here were nice enough and they know how to make a good sandwich. The only thing you really have to know is to go to the bread bin and pick your bread then go to the counter to tell them what you want on it. If you get there too late sometimes they run out of bread and then that's all she wrote. Word on the street is that this is the joint that the show 30 Rock based its "sandwich day" episode on. This place is known for it's fresh mozzarella made daily. Whatever you get, you want to make sure you get something with fresh mozzarella. On occasion, an underbelly big shot will stroll in and buy up their entire stock of mozzarella. I had a classic Italian hero with prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, and their special garlic roasted peppers. Although the meat wasn't as plentiful as most good deli's, the sandwich was the size of two sandwiches. It also came with a bit of a hefty price tag at $14.50. I have to say, as tasty as this sandwich was, I thought Vito's on Washington street slightly edges this place out, plus you're only paying $8.95. I also thought the mozzarella at Vito's was a bit tastier. Everybody has an opinion. Stand down, Fiore lovers. Stand down. Let's not get too worked up. All in all, I can see why the real locals are so passionate over this joint. You have to respect a place that's been doing it's own thing all these years and still standing.
This place is great.  The roast beef special on Saturday is delicious.  But their rolls are very narrow and they don't really load up their sandwiches as much as I'd like to see.  Their mutz is delicious....better than Vito's and as good as Biancamano's.  Unfortunately, they slice their mutz pretty thin so you don't get very much of it on your sandwich, as compared to Biancamano's where you'll get twice as much mutz (and meat).   If you are hungry, be sure to get the full size sandwich because the half will only fill you up about 75%.  Get there early on Saturday, there is already a line out the door at 11:30am.  Overall I would definitely recommend it though.
The best sandwich I ever had!  Stopped in here after road tripping to Carlo's Bakery with the family after reading the great reviews on Yelp.  We were not disappointed!  The guys behind the counter were great - welcoming and helpful with ordering.  Rolls were chewy and fresh, meat was plentiful.  I got an Italian with roasted red peppers and it was absolutely delicious.  The fresh mozzarella  is the best I've tasted with just a hint of saltiness.  I haven't stopped raving about my sandwich and can easily see myself making the 2 hour drive back just to get some more Fiore's goodness.
One of the best in the area, a true traditional Italian deli. The thrs and sat special, roast beef and fresh mutzerella with gravy is amazing, but it goes quick
Fresh Mozz, Roasted peppers, Roast Beef & gravy!!!  I only step foot in this place on Thursdays or Saturdays.  That roast beef gravy combo is FANTASTIC!!!  Call your order ahead or get there early.  The lines get long and parking consists of double parking your car.
I bet you can't help but falling in love with Fiore's Mozz!!
Since I really cannot describe the supercalafragalisticexpialadociousness of their Thursday special or their fresh mozzarella, I'm going to leave the review on this note: Go to Fiore's on Thursday, and order the Roast Beef with "Mutz." ADD THE GRAVY (the gravy is key). The sandwich speaks for itself.
The best fresh mozz in the world.  Seriously, not like anything I've had anywhere, including Italy.  Savor it by itself to get a "pure" taste or try on a sandwich with delicious deli meats.  Here are my favorites: - American Tuna (Fri.) - Roast Beef with gravy (Thurs., Sat.) - Corned Beef (Tues.) - Italian Combo with roasted peppers and balsamic - Ham and Mortadella with balsamic   We'll worth the wait on any day.  Make sure to go early because when they run of the specials, that's it for the day.  Just make sure to wait until I get mine first!
Delicious Italian sub!  This place is irresistible!
I'm giving Fiore's five stars for its cows' milk mozzarella, not its sandwiches, with are still good enough to garner four stars. But near-perfection is achieved in its flavorful, textured and moist fresh "mutz". The guys claim that it's even better than Italian buffalo mozzarella, and I have to say that they have a fighting chance, which I'm sure is downright sacrilege to Italophiles. As for the sandwiches, the roast beef gets all the good press, but I'm more impressed with the sopressata and mozzarella sandwich. Only the bread lets these down slightly, as it could have been fresher on my last visit. Still, we're talking small degrees of what overall is a topnotch sammy.
They make their own mozzarella so you know it's fresh. I recommend you go ealry on a Sat. afternoon, get online (always a line), grab a roll and tell him to "Give the special and dunk it !" . You can thank me later.
I went back on a day when it wasnt Roast Beef and Motz and although it was good, I cant really say it was as amazing.
roast beef and fresh mozz. done and DONE! ((sidenote: don't let the line deter you, the food is worth the wait!!!))
I always try to be very selective with my 5-star reviews but this place definitely gets the nod.  I went with the Roast Beef and Mozzarella with the roast beef gravy.  The actual roast beef was phenomenal - pretty rare, just the way I like it.  The "fresh mutz" was awesome - they cut it fresh right in front of you for the sandwich and even give you a couple of samples.  The gravy was a great touch, too.  I thought the bread was awesome, as well. This place is your pretty ordinary looking italian deli from the outside, but the food is absolutely extraordinary.  They also have some of the best tasting roasted red peppers I have ever had.  Pretty good drink selection and I didn't think the prices were too bad, either.  My sister just moved in virtually next door to this place so I will definitely be heading back.
the roast beef and mozz from Fiores is without a doubt the best sandwich in Hoboken.  I'm typically not a fan of sandwiches au jus, as I prefer my bread crusty.  However, I make an exception for this one, as it is phenomenal.  I think I could probably find better roast beer elsewhere (though it's consistently very good here and very tender), the fresh mozz is what really makes the sandwich.  It's melt-in-your-mouth soft, and the combination of the mozz + beef + gravy is the best.  It's no wonder this place always has a line out the door.
Eh... Pretty good. Not the best.
Amazing prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich! I crave these like a 9 month pregnant woman would! I always tell people to go here!! Excellent and a must try if you're ever in Hoboken (even if it is off the beaten path!)
Purpose of visit: weekday lunch. Regular order is prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted peppers and balsamic vinegar on a roll. Bread is amazing and the fresh mozzarella is mouth watering. Not good for the arteries but worth the visit. The Friday tuna fish and balsamic vinegar is a nice change of pace as well.
Visited Hoboken this past weekend and all I have to say is WOW, this place makes a mean Italian sub. Their homemade mozzarella is UNBELIEVABLE!. Wide variety fo italian speciuality meats and cheses. delicious
are you serious??? this place is sick in all the best ways. Waited 45 min for mozzarella on christmas even in frigid cold but worth ever frost bitten digit. Where else can you literally get a brick/braid of cheese, store it in a bag for 24 hours pull it out and it taste like it was pulled out of the cheese maker or whatever the heck it is they make cheese in. I could make love to this cheese if it was just two inches longer and wasn't the product of a 75 year old italian man in some back room..... Love you fiores
I don't get here as often as I would like to, but every time I pick up a sandwich it is just the most delicious thing ever! Friendly & knowledgeable service, fresh bread and the best mozzarella in the world!!!
Mutz HEAVEN. The best fresh Mutz I have ever had! They have a great tuesday special roast beef and mutz with home made gravy. You cant beat it!
Great food... Long line(if you have to stand in it). My recommendation.. Have your friends call you when they have been in line for 10 mins then meet up with them. Don't forget to try the roast beef!
Off the beaten path in Hoboken but well worth the visit (and the line).  Amazing specials - roast beef w/ mozzarella is unbeatable.  Also a favorite of their sopresotta.  Anything with their mozzarella is going to be killer, they just make the best, freshest mozz around.
Great guys at one of NJ's greatest delis. Hands down the best fresh Mozz in the world just make sure you show up on a Thurs or Saturday to get the roast beef, mozz and gravy. Take home a side of the marinated mozzarella balls too. There's nothing from Fiore's that's bad, it's all good just get there early. Been going to Fiore's for over ten years and can't wait to get back again.
Thursday & Saturday's are the best days of the week. Why? Because you have the chance to taste heaven in a sandwich. Ohh Roast Beef, Smoked Mozz, and Roasted Peppers. How I do enjoy the'.
The fresh mozzarella is the best!!!  My new thing is the bring mozzarella when I go to family functions and holidays.  On average I will get about 3-4 pound of fresh mozzarella and it never last the night.  Lucky if it lasts a couple hours.  My sister will eat at least a pound of it herself.  I have never been a fan of eating fresh mozzarella until I had the mozzarella here.
Best deli in Hoboken for an Italian sub. Try the garlic red peppers as well. You will stink for days, but it is so worth it. Keep in mind they have the BEST MOZZARELLA in Hoboken ( or the world for that matter). I am not as fond of the roast beef as other people are, but it is worth a try. However, if you want your mind blown. Get an Italian sub and some smoked mozzarella on the side
love their Prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich
Best sandwich in Hoboken.  I didn't know what perfect  mozzarella was before I ate food from here, its freshly made on site every day. If you buy it in bulk you are warned not to put it in the fridge. I cannot imagine better mutz, different maybe, better no. I tend to get prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich when I go but when the roast beef special is available I get that. I've not tried anything else, these two are just so damn good I've not risked anything else.
only cash.  save your calories to spend them here.  I do one of the specials regularly and cannot get enough of the mozzarella.
I went to Fiore's on the recomendation of a friend. I was trying to make my own Mozz and he said Fiore's was hands down the best. Well, he wasn't lying, I have never had anything close to their Mozz. I had the roast beef Mozz and gravy.......it was heaven on a roll. My only problem with Fiore's is there is not one on the west coast....I live in SF. I've been tempted to overnight a braid of Mozz but don't know if it would still be as good. I try to make it back to Fiore's when I go to the East Coast. Nobody makes fresh Mozz here on the west coast. Next time I'm gonna have to try the Salami and Mozz, my mouth is watering just thinking of it.....
Best Mutz period.  Even followed their very serious directions about storeing and transporting mutz and they truly know mutz...
Everything is better with their homemade mozz....smoked, traditional it all rocks. By far the best italian deli in hoboken. Go simple hee...think fresh turkey, roasted peppers and fresh mozz....make sure you get a handful of paper towels...funny they dont have napkins just paper towels...nice!!! Sometimes it gets packed around noon but they are super quick...sandwiches are overstuffed so bring your appetite....
The food here is AMAZING! This is defintely one of the best delis I have ever visited. I go to school in Hoboken and only heard about it last fall, I only wish I had known about it sooner. Anyway, it is a good walk from the waterfront, but boy is it worth it. The mozzarella is amazing, as are the specials. I think my favorite has to be the roast beef. Even during the winter, my friend and I would venture out to get some lunch (through the two feet of snow and freezing cold!).  But yeah, unbeatable quality in Hoboken and a great price.
First time I went was 1996.  Last time I went was Saturday.  Still the same amazing experience.  Best fresh Mozzarella ever.  The roast beef sandwiches with gravy are legendary.  I still have friends who had it when they visited over the years and still ask for it.  I used to be a regular (lived a block away in 1997) and hadnt been in a while, but was still greeted by the guys who work there as if I had never left the neighborhood.  The only things that have changed since I went the first time - there is a new generation behind the counter who are equally friendly and they now post the daily specials (used to be a secret only regulars knew...). If you are coming to Hoboken, skip Carlo's bakery and come to Fiore's.  You will be much happier if you do.
The best roast beef and mozz. you will ever have.
Roast beef and mutz sandwich is to die for. Best mutz in boken.
The BEST homemade mutz in Hoboken, amazing sandwiches, homemade sauce and roasted red peppers. It doesn't get much better than this!!
The best sandwich I ever had.  Hands down. The man behind the counter must have known we had no idea what we were doing when we walked into Fiores, as there was no menu other than the daily specials...and he offered us both a piece of the mozzarella he was cutting, as well as a bit of the Italian tuna (the special of the day.)  He was wonderfully sweet as he told us to take a piece of bread and give it to him (the regulars knew to do this but as newbies, we had no idea.) That sandwich was the best we've had.  Ever.   Thank you Fiore's!  We'll definitely make another trip to Hoboken just for you!
The Hot Roast Beef & Mutz here can hold it's own with the heavyweights in NYC (see DeFonte's and Salumeria Biellese). This special sandwich is the sole basis for my review. The Mozzarella is as good as everyone proclaims and they are using high quality bread from Hoboken's famed Marie's Bakery, which that well known local epicure Sinatra was known to patronize. After you hand the counterman the bread that is hand selected from the bin near the store entrance, some house made rare roast beef is then thinly sliced and topped with the aforementioned Mutz. It is then taken into the back of the store and ladled with oniony jus. Superlatives do not do the sandwich justice. You will probably suffer bite lacerations to your inner cheek at some point in the carnage as your salivary glands kick into overdrive. Once the bloody roast beef  commingles with the creamy Fiore Di Latte, it causes a sensory overload that you tend to overcompensate for by gnashing your teeth furiously, so you can fill your mouth with more milky, meaty, bloody goodness and keep the rush going. This is how eating accidents take place. Be prepared for a couple of day's worth of Hydrogen Peroxide rinses after consumption. The sandwich is only served 2 weekly and draws lines out the door from Jersey locals and our NYC brethren as well. Get there early before the daily specials sell out. Cinco Estrellas for" The Sandwich".
Fiore's is unbelievable. Their fresh mozzarella is the absolute best I've ever had, and is well known throughout the country as being one of the best. I've gotten a pound or two to go and brought it with me when visiting relatives since I know they love it. The Saturday special (roast beef and fresh mozz with gravy) is delicious. I also recommend the roasted red garlic peppers. My second favorite sub is turkey, mozz, the roasted red peppers and oil. Also amazing. If you visit Hoboken, you absolutely have to go here. Its one of those old-school type places that all the locals love, but they're very friendly to visitors. First time I went in there, they were very understanding that I didn't know their procedure (you get the bread from the bin when you walk in and hand it to the employee when you give him your order). Overall one of the best sandwich places in Hoboken. Love that I'm supporting a local, family owned business thats been around forever, and at the same time getting the best mozz I've ever had.
I've been going there for years.  I guess management isn't happy with its profits because they've recently been controlling the portion sizes.  There used to be lines going down the block during lunch time but lately you can go right in and place an order within a minute.  I guess that I'm not the only one who is unhappy about the changes.
THE BEST roast beef sandwich I've ever had.  Just go on a Thursday or Saturday and tell them you want roast beef, mozzarella, & gravy. Wait for them to hand you the brown bag soaked with dripping gravy and enjoy! They only make the gravy Thursdays & Saturdays.
WHERE'S THE BEEF...Gotta say, had the "famous" roast beef au jus with mozz......Had read reviews and peaked my interest....  Well, you might want to stop reading reviews and judge for yourself.   Personally, don't see what all the hype is about.  It was an average sandwich.  Not much meat with fresh mozzarella and your average roll.   The au jus was au jus...  Could have gotten just as good, if not better sandwich in my own town.  Not worth the special effort.  You be the judge.
CAN'T GET BETTER THAN THIS. Best meats, best mozzarella, best people. Beware...once you try their subs you will be instantly addicted...salivating as we speak
This place is the best!! I live next door and love how old school it is.  The guys in there are super friendly and it's family owned which makes it even better.  The mutz is to die for, most of the time I finish it as is without even putting on a sandwich or anything (make sure to not put in the fridge the first few days, wayy better at room temp).  Never realized that this was what mutz was supposed to taste like.  Roast beef sandwich is delicious.  Not open on Sunday which is good for me since I'd probably be 10 pounds heavier if they were.
As good as a deli can get. Having lived right up the street from this place for several years - I personally hold them accountable and they should have to chip in for my gym membership each month. The freshest ingredients possible - bread made only a few blocks away and delivered several times throughout the day - mutz made on site - best in all of NJ - the real star here is the freshly made roast beef, mutz and brown gravy jus - only available on Sat and one other weekday - the sandwich is simply bonkers and you will be licking your fingers for hours after you're done eating it. Weekday sandwich specials are AMAZING - home made meatballs with mutz, home made sausage with mutz, etc. Skip the turkey and American and get yourself a "real" Italian sandwich with every cured imaginable - and top it off with the garlic roasted peppers. Roasted peppers at delis are normally my pet peeve because they serve those crunchy, neon red pieces of crap out of a jar - not Fiore - they roast their peppers on site and they are simply amazing.
For me this is as good as it gets for Hoboken delis. It's easy to find good mozzarella in Hoboken but this is the only place where I think that it's noticeably better than the rest.  I go here every time I work from home and hope that it's Thursday so I can get roast beef special. The one knock on this place is that it has a little bit of a soup-nazi element in that you have to know to bring up a piece of bread for your sandwich otherwise you might get snapped at. It's definitely worth the lesson though and once they recognize you all the employees are very friendly and jovial.
Little known fact: you can actually park in the lot next to the place since Fiore's owns the place.  If you are like me and enjoy a good getaway in your run flat tires, this place is for you.  The fresh mozzarella and bread are both pretty tasty and very fresh.  If you opt for American cheese over mozzarella then you are missing out on the greatest attribute of the place.  I really enjoy the HAM sandwich but feel like their roast beef is very much undercooked, like more red than pink, and also pretty fatty.  This is coming from someone who enjoys a medium-rare steak.  Ask for a side of Au Jus (gravy) to add some flavor if you get the roast beef.  Bear in mind, their sandwiches are like $10 a pop which I find to be a little overrated, even if you order 20 of them.  It would also be nice if they gave you the option to have lettuce, onions, and tomatoes.  Fiore's also has a limited selection of basic Italian supplies and also sides like shooters.
Best fresh mozzarella I've ever had in my life! Buttery, rich in a salty brine. Also, get a roast beef grinder or sandwich, preferably with the fresh mozzarella and soaked with au jus. You'll be dreaming about it long after it's gone.
want to punch people in the face when they insult the Mozz like they are ordering "Motts" applesauce......BEST EVER!!!!!
get the brisket mozzarella special and add gravy. it's a life chnager.
best mozz evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa hands down
Considering I am not a big fan of sandwiches, the fact that I decided to go back to this place two weekends in a row braving the frigid weather should show how much I loved their sandwich.  Granted this review is only limited to the roast beef and mozzarella sandwich they have available on Sat (and I guess maybe another weekday), they have one of the best sandwiches I have tasted.  Somehow, the seemingly simple assembly of roast beef, mozzarella, and gravy makes an amazing mix that is also addictive!  I usually get bored with sandwiches after a few bites, but this one makes me keep on eating and wanting more after I am done.
The one and only time I got fresh mozzarella from this establishment, it was dry, sliced über-thin, and spoiled. Go to Biancamano's for the real deal.
Talk about an authentic Italian deli, this place has it all. Homemade mozzeralla (not the best I've had, but it's good), fresh sliced meats, and a plentiful antipasto bar make this place what it is. They have daily sandwich specials, and also classics like the Italian sub. The crusty bread was a delicious start, and the roasted red peppers, salami, and pepper coated ham really made it one of my favorite lunches in a while. At $8 a sub, it's fairly priced for such great quality. Definitely stop by if you're in the area!
I first learned about the Deliciousness of Fiores Deli from my brother who lived in Hoboken for many years. I woke up yesterday morning with a serious craving in my big belly for one of those roast beef sandwiches. It was Saturday after all, and I was ready to try this place out after many years. I drove 20-25 minutes and it was beyond worth it. There was a teeny line but nothing really. I picked out my wonderful loaf of broad, which I could have ate on its own. I brought it to the counter for the eager deli/meat slicer guy to make. I told him I wanted the Roast beef with Fresh Mozzarella with gravy. It was a huge sandwich which I split into two meals, even tho I could have ate it all but wanted to thought it be too much for my fat ass. Words can't express the taste of this when you night into the roll, plenty of tender roast beef and the mozzarella is amazing. I need to go back just to buy that for my family. I could go every Saturday and get this, but then I'll never lose weight. Who cares tho... This spot is the real deal.  Well worth the stop or drive if you are in the area or semi near there.
Hit or miss with timing but boy is it worth it! The timing is the only reason why I cant give 5 stars, sometimes you really want some mutz and cant get it because they are closed! You cant get any more authentic than this place. Come in, grab your bread, say what you want, and then you are on your merry way. Delish!
I went there for their Thursday special, mozzarella and roast beef sandwich w/ au jus, as well as to pick up a pound of fresh mozzarella. While waiting on line I watched deli men prepare the food. First, I observerved that none of the preparers were wearing plastic gloves. They were making the roast beef sandwiches with their bare hands and dipping the sandwiches and their hands into the au jus. Over and over again I watched all the preparers do this. 5 or 6 guys dipping their hands in the au jus. They used those same hands to prepare all the different deli selections. It was noon so there was a crowd. Not once did I see these guys wash their hands. They went from meat, to vegetable, to cheese foods, to wet foods without a moment's thought of cross contamination. Then an old guy, who I'm told is one of the owners, was busy at the meat slicer making a sandwich while coughing a most productive and phlegmy cough. Not once did he stop and cover his mouth. This guy shouldn't have been working with that cough. It is 1/24/13 and we are in one of the biggest flu epidemics the NY/NJ area has seen in years. I felt like throwing up and walked out and will NEVER return. These people are disgusting and should be ashamed at themselves for the lack of hygiene. Really people, the food might taste good, but I dare you to watch them prepare it, and still eat what they're serving up. Ewwwww.
I don't get the love affair with the roast beef special, people. It was fine. The bread is great, fresh, dense, crusty. It stands up to the sandwich. The beef is good, medium rare and freshly cut. The portion of mozz is generous. I have to disagree with many about their mozz. Maybe I caught them on an off day, but mine was waxy and flavorless, not melt in your mouth buttery deliciousness like many other Hoboken delis. Not enough gravy. The sandwich was just okay. 3 stars for the special. Here's where I give them the benefit of the doubt. Roast beef and mozz is not a great combo. It's too one note. All the flavors are savory and mellow. Haven't you noticed that most places pair roast beef with horseradish to literally spice it up? In philly, we take our roast beef with sharp prov and broccoli rabe, and a side of horseradish jus for dipping. Now that's an in-your-face, haunt you in your dreams kind of sandwich. I gave them the benefit of the doubt with 4 stars, because I refuse to punish the establishment for my bad selection. The bread is good. The sandwich makers are friendly. They kept coming out of the back like a clown car, keeping the line moving at a brisk pace. Everything seemed fresh and high quality. But, as scandalous as this may sound, I would skip the special AND the mozz, and stick to other options.
The best Mutz period end of story...enuf said.
If you like Italian deli sandwiches (specifically fresh mozz) you MUST come here. Fresh, homemade, delicious mozzarella. It's perfect. Best in Hoboken. The place itself is nothing special at all. Small place, not fancy whatsoever. Not very clean. Also it's CASH ONLY (my only problem with this place). I always come for their Roast Beef, Mozz, Gravy sandwich special. It's on Thursdays and Saturdays. So good! Highly recommend. You can't go wrong with their salami, prosciutto, roast beef, turkey anything with mozz basically. Their roasted red peppers are marinated and have loads of garlic. If you're a garlic lover like me, you'll absolutely love them. Once you try this place, you'll surely come back.
Best Mozz in the World. With just bread Roasted Reds are amazing.
I lived in the neighborhood for a dozen years or so and felt as though Fiore's and I had been through so much together  - good times, bad times and everything in between.  I'm a veggie and so stick to the mozzarella sandwiches. There are a dozen or so place in town that make fresh mozz - I've sampled from all of them.  Most of the smoked mozz offerings from others are created from using some sort of chemical bath.  Not Fiore's - there's is brought to perfection in a smoker and you can taste the difference.   I've picked up sandwiches on Saturdays for years.  Threw a Sunday party once and slipped up when ordering a 5 foot long sandwich by telling them that it would be picked up late Saturday afternoon and served the next day - they told me that they wouldn't fulfill the order because they were closed on Sundays and only wanted their sandwiches to be served fresh, same day,  Haha, they wouldn't even sell me a 5 ft long hero - I love these guys. I've repeatedly been there when they've run out of bread for the day.  "Sorry honey, you have to run over to the bakery and buy a roll, then bring it back!"  and like a shmoe I walk the 5 blocks to the bakery, buy a roll and return, as does everyone else.  You'd think that we'd smarten up a bit by purchasing a dozen rolls at the bakery and then reselling them in the Fiore's line.  Yes, they are *that* good. I've ordered roast beef with au juis gravy for every friend who comes to town.  We've served platters pre wedding, post funeral, etc., etc.  I've boarded planes with their sandwiches and have had other passengers try to buy the sandwiches from me!   The line out the door on Saturday's is no joke so I go there early.  The banter in the store will put a smile on your face - someone will invariable request an "Italian Sub but with Mayo, not Oil and Vinegar" and a chorus will rise from behind the counter "Then it's not an Italian Sub!" I'd like to be buried at Fiore's.  Enough said, haha!
I'd always heard a lot of buzz about Vito's but trying their Fresh Mozzarella and Fiore's back to back there was just no contest.  Fiore makes the best Mozzarella since Gino's closed down. Fantastic stuff.
I grew up in Hoboken NJ and now live in Nutley NJ  I always finding myself craving there Muzz and fresh deli meats  can't  get enough. so when ever I can get a chance to get there I go for it. The staff always friendly and egar to please
Best mozz. Best bread. Best cuts. Simply the best.
No better way to cancel all of your Saturday afternoon plans then to eat an entire roast beef special and spend 7 hours on the couch.
I've only ever come here to buy the braids of mozzarella, so I can't speak to the sandwiches. I can tell you that they make THE BEST mozzarella. Hands down the best. Mind-blowing the best. OMG OMG OMG the best.
I stopped over for lunch on Saturday and was unimpressed. Decor: It's a standard Italian deli, nothing out of the ordinary. However, I will note that the cabinet that holds the bread doesn't exactly entice one's appetite... it's filthy. Everything else is clean and well looked after, however. The thing that is lacking is seating. There is no where to eat there, at the deli. I got a warm sandwich and, by the time I ate it, it was anything but. Having seating available would allow people to enjoy the sandwich immediately. I ate half at the park and half at home. Bathroom: I am not sure they have one for customer use. Staff: The sandwich guys were all nice and kept to business. There were several regulars with whom they carried on jovial conversations. An older guy, Dominic, helped me and he was helpful to a first-timer like myself. Food/Drink: I had the Saturday special (roast beef w/ gravy) and a bag of chips. The bread, which you pick yourself while standing in line, is a bit on the small side and does not allow for a lot of meat/toppings to be added. The beef itself was great, while still warm, but the gravy wasn't as tasty once it cooled down. It was a fine meal, but nothing I would rave about. Value: The sandwich, which was the "special" and bag of chips were much more expensive than I was planning on, and higher priced than other delis in town. Given that the food was nothing special I am not sure where the price premium comes from... This place, all in, is average. Given other options in town, specifically M&P Biancamano (which makes the BEST sandwiches in Hoboken), I will not be returning again.
Excellent roast beef, mozzarella and gravy sandwiches on Thurs and Sat.  I've had other sandwiches as well that were also great. Fresh mozzarella is incredible.  I would highly recommend to anyone, and the price for sandwiches is very reasonable for Hoboken.
My fellow yelpers, you were on point. I tried Fiore's and it was literally, seriously THE best sandwich I've ever had!! AMAZING! Italian bread - perfect balance of soft/hard meats - the freshest Italian cold cuts ever mutz - fresh!!! garlic pepper - I know they are known for their mutz (mozzarella) but I thought these pepper were what made this sandwich. it was amazeballs. Service was excellent. the sweetest man helped me. he called me young lady, I told him it was my first time here. he let me sample the mutz and he recommend the Italian and mutz sandwich and I was one happy young lady! I think I will be a regular at Fiore's! only thing I would change is their deli hours. they need to stay open past 6pm on weekdays. I don't get off work that early :(
Love the roast beef sandwiches!
They charged me almost $20 for a regular sandwich. I cannot believe this place is still around with prices like that for sub-par food. Really sad because I heard such great things... Disappointing.
My absolute favorite deli -- get their take on an Italian sub.  And, of course, a quarter pound of mozz to go.
Here's how good Fiore's is:  we have a place in San Diego and we make all our own corned beef, pastrami, sausage, and our own Steakburgers.  We also make our own mozzarella cheese.  So when I visit the NYC area, guess where my sons and grandson want me to go and pack a cold insulated bag to bring home with me!!!  To the few who don't like this place...I feel sorry for you cuz the mozz  is da best!!
Have only had the roast beef and mozz.  I'm only occasionally in Hoboken for lunch, and as long as it's on the menu, I can't see any reason to try anything else.  On the short list of candidates for best sandwich I've ever had.
Went here to get a sandwich as it's on my block and people rave about it, I had a long baguette style sandwich with mozzarella, Parma ham and sun dried tomatoes when I came to pay I was asked for $ 18 I would have protested but was too shocked 18 DOLLARS for a sandwich from a deli ???? I will say it was good but not $ 18 good better of at Leusardie that's at Adams and 2nd st about $ 10 less !!!
i got the roast beef sanwich and muzzarella, i think they re amazing!!
Very special place. It's a deli, no chairs no tables, no menu. You talk to them, tell them what you're feeling, they'll make recommendations. I had a half which felt bigger than a 12" anywhere else. Mozzarella (their "mutz") is awesome.. So fresh! Best sandwiches in town! Tip of advice: cash only and brush your teeth afterwards (something in their must have had some garlic).
Good food but bad service.  Their employees are not friendly people and I often feel like my business is not appreciated or welcome.  They do have very good specials, particularly the roast beef (and the amazing gravy) and the corned beef.  Their corned beef is the best in Hoboken.
Where do I begin, My husband took me to this place and as we were on the way he kept talking about fresh mozzarella and I figured its one of his phantom gourmet yelp locations that suck because most of the time I don't like his spots that he chooses but, oh my! I fell in love after I picked out my own roll and got my turkey and mozzarella  added cherry peppers and sweet peppers mixed sun dried tomatoes  and olive oil and I'll say the best Italian cold cut I ever ate! I was in love. Couldn't believe how good this Italian gem was that he had found. Really refreshing and true authentic mozzarella that your mouth will water after eating. I'm not a cold cut person or eat anything pork related and have to say that there pork related cold cuts looked fresh as I seen others order. Must say I'm sad that I'm moving because this is the only place I enjoyed eating in this area.  Ps the pick I'm posting now is 6 hours old and is the other half of what I had for lunch and still looks like heaven and taste like heaven :-)
simply good sandwich, no seating
Had an amazing roast beef and mozzarella sandwich here. I am pretty picky with what is on my sandwiches, so I don't get anything on them. The quality and quantity of the roast beef was amazing, and the mozzarella was just superb! Everyone was super friendly and helpful. I felt a little rushed, but we were in there toward the end of lunch time. I will visit again for sure!
I love Fiore's, I've been eating there pretty consistently for about 4 years. The service is always friendly, the sandwich tasty, and you have to love that they have a parking lot. The mozzarella is clearly one of the best in Hoboken, and they're always liberal with it. I docked the place one star for not taking a credit/debit card,  the decrepit interior-which really could use an update, and the fact that they don't deliver. I'm sure purists will decry me for wanting to change a Hoboken institution, but man, with lines out the door you'd think they'd have a little cash to toss back into the store. Top tip: the roast beef may get all the attention, but the sausage sandwich is far and away my favorite. If you do decide on a roast beef with gravy, make sure you have them make it fresh, the pre-made sandwiches are never seem to hit the mark.
What can I possibly add that the other 228 reviews haven't?   Well Fiore's Deli in Hoboken opened in 1913. They have no tables and is strictly take out. Maybe I am lucky because it was a weekday but it wasn't that crowded. Ordered two sandwiches, my standard prosciutto, mozzarella with roasted peppers and balsamic vinegar. Since it was Thursday I also had to try the roast beef special.  This time it was with smoked mozzarella instead of fresh and gravy served warm.   95% of the time I normally prefer my standard but this time was different. The roast beef was served rare and I never have had smoked mozzarella before. Fiore's is run like a well oiled machine. They have a virtual assembly line for the sandwiches.  I was in and out in 15 minutes. Which was very impressive.   A whole sandwich is approximately 18 inches long and run about $13 each.   Another thing I can mention is that they actually have something really rare in this area.... A parking lot. :).
You may need to wait in line and the decor may be a bit outdated but the food is worth the wait! Best mutz I've ever had!
A classic. Great spot in Hoboken for delicious Italian sandwiches. The staff is helpful and courteous, and the food is out of this world. We went there a few weeks ago and someone at Fiore's helped us out with a custom sandwich and paid attention to detail, making it to our exact preferences (and even recommending some additions that took it to the next level). It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. We'll be back! Get there early though - people come from far and wide and there is always a line!
The only reason why I am adding a review is that I do not see any mentions of their Friday special - the tuna.  The Italian style tuna (balsamic vinegar, olive oil, chopped cherry tomatoes, spices) and mutz is my favorite sandwich in the world.   I prefer mine with sun dried tomatoes, though will occasionally switch it up and get the artichoke salad.  My only complaint is that they only make one tray of it and often run out.  The American style tuna is not as good... but any sandwich with their mutz (the best I've had) is going to be at least above average.
Best Roast Beef and Mozzarella Sandwich I HAVE EVER HAD! I used to come here on Thursdays and Saturdays for the hot roast beef and fresh mozzarella that they would dip in hot gravy and give the sandwich an amazing texture. uhhh its just so good my mouth is drooling just writing about it. They have great house made fresh mozzarella that's pictured in a lot of the posts here on yelp. If you are looking for a really great deli in Hoboken look no further, nowhere can compare to this Italian deli.
In the conversation for the best deli in Hoboken, top 2 in my opinion. Most famous for the Saturday special, and its well earned fame.  It is the best sandwich ever, you will not experience anything like this or as good as this while on spaceship earth.  It's roast beef and mozzarella (mutz), drowned in their wondrous gravy and magnificent bread.  In every way, it is perfection; the roast beef is tender, juicy, and delicious.  The mozzarella is thick yet melts in your mouth and the sauce is a great compliment.  I'd advise you get a full size, gorge on half when you get home and then let the other half marinate on the counter for a few hours.... then repeat gorge step - heaven on earth. You can also buy their mozzarella separate, which I've done a few times as my baked ziti calls for a pound of fresh mozzarella and this is the Rolls Royce of cheese.  As a word of advice, order your sandwiches and pick up rather than waiting in the long line which forms every Saturday.  You can walk right up and they have your order waiting behind the counter in a brown grocery bag.
The sandwich was delicious!!!!! Since I moved to Jersey City, I've been searching the local gem to try. and seen the lots of reviews of this store and really wanted to eat those good looking sandwiches. The store itself closing at 6pm and Sunday is close than I really had a limited time to buy the food at here in my daily schedules but I finally made it in few days ago with my husband. We step into the store and we told to one of the worker that we are first time to try the food at this place. He quick offered to each of us the piece of home made mozzarella cheese to try! It was sweet and very very yummy:) and explain to us what they recommend. We got Italian combo and Roast beef sandwich. It was huge, looks great and so as taste!!!! We couldn't finish whole sandwiches so I ate the left over at next day as lunch. I put that sandwiches into the oven to let that mozzarella melt and put some basil paste on top of it and it turned good again! melting mozzarella and crispy edge bread was the really good together and doesn't taste like a left over. anyway, I'd love love to return this store many times possible and love to buy some mozzarella itself too!
Best deli ever! When I walked in I asked the guy if he was the best deli in Hoboken since I just moved here and I love sandwiches. He gave me a huge piece of fresh mozzarella and said "we are the best deli in the country". The moz was the best I have ever tasted by far. Then he gave me a stuffed cherry pepper and told me I had to try it. That was delicious too. We ordered 1 roast beef and fresh mozzarella sandwich with gravy and hot cherry peppers with garlic. It was ridiculously big. 2 of us only ate half the sandwich. It was incredible though. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The only problem is there is no seating but we sat on the steps next door and had a nice lil outdoor picnic. It still deserves 5 stars.
This place is straight legit. Fresh Mozz and Roast Beef dumped in Au Jus. Delicious. It's always delicious and I've heard the lines get out the door. Luckily it's not cash only and everyone is friendly there. The sandwiches are $12 and absolutely massive. It's a staple in Hoboken and all the locals go here. Mom and Pop place that's been here forever. I don't think they've updated anything in a few decades to be honest. Parking is nightmarish - but a LOT of people double park right in front. You'll see anything here from a Bentley to a run down Honda. When food is that good and affordable, everyone eats it.
I can't say enough wonderful things about Fiore's! The sandwiches are incredible, the staff is friendly and generous. I'd post a picture of my sandwich, but it's gone already. The mozz is so good I could slap someone. If you're picking up a sandwich for lunch, go during off peak times and you'll have a much better experience.
WOW! What a disappointment! We were told about their roast beef sandwiches and their "dip" or "double dip." These sandwiches were premade. HORRIBLE bread! And roast beef? WHERE?? For $15 there was hardly anything on there. The mozzarella tasted good, but that's it. The gravy didn't even soak into the incredibly hard bread. We will never ever be going to this factory again. Terrible. Go back to the OLD ways!
Roast Beef with Fresh Mutz is in the running for best sandwich in Hoboken.
I stop by Fiore's about twice a month because they have many delicious items, but the one thing I repeatedly go here for is the mozzarella. I am very picky about mozzarella and will not stand for anything less than perfection. I purposely find meals that require mozzarella cheese, just so I can go to Fiore's. Who am I kidding? I eat the stuff with a knife and fork. The guys that work there are nice yet serious. One of them gave me a small free sample of a just-made mozzarella that was mixed with diced basil. It was amazing. If you find yourself in need of some mozzarella for a meal or you just want to eat it with a fork and knife, just go to Fiore's.
Best. Mozzarella. Ever. I love the octopus salad too. Can't go wrong with Fiore's any day of the week. Except Sundays. They're closed on Sundays. Stock up on Saturdays.
After trying  about every deli in Hoboken, I can now rest. My quest for the perfect mutz is over. This place is celebrating its centennial this year, and it's no wonder why they are still around, doing things the same way I'm sure they always have. It's a locals joint, and it shows, but that's what gives it all of its charm. The mutz is amazing, this has been said numerous times before, but it's worth repeating. THE MUTZ IS AMAZING. Quick tips: -Grab a roll while you're in line -Decide what you want on your sandwich before you get to the front (there is no menu, everything is custom) -Bring cash
had the roast beef special... By far the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. I'm a huge picky eater and normally would never order/eat anything like this but I'm so glad I went out side my comfort zone. SO GOOD
Seriously good roast beef, mozz, and gravey.... So glad i found this place. The roast beef is fresh and perfectly cooked, the mozz is homemade and perfect in every way.
Too cool for old school! These guys are just plain cool. Grabbing a quick sandwich here for lunch, and I settled on the mozzarella and tomato, on a thin, baguette type Italian roll.   Turned out to be tasty and inexpensive at about 7 dollars for the half, and a large water. When I had inquired about the pastrami special, they urged me to try a sample, and the deli guy gave me a handful sample, that was almost sufficient for my lunch.   Just nice family place with regular guys.    I'll be back to try that roast beef pictured on Yelp.    Yeah Joisy!
Try the smoked fresh mozzerella! It was good! The regular (plain)  fresh one: was o.k. given that I taste fresh ones here in California all the time and was not overwhelmed by it...Thank you, Evan M. for tipping me off this place. It was a very small mom and pop place and nothing fancy at all. You might want to order a sandwich to go as there is no place to sit inside to eat.
My boyfriend LOVES Italian delis and mozzarella (me, not so much), so when I heard about Fiore's from a couple of my co-workers, I was excited to tell him about it. It always closes early though (6PM everyday and closed on Sundays), so it was always hard for us to pay a visit.  Finally one Saturday, we were heading to the gym, and I was super tired so I was looking for a food truck that supposedly sells the best ice coffee. After driving down several streets, we couldn't find it, but we did stumble upon Fiore's so we decided we might as well go inside. I was wary because some of the reviews on Yelp said their reputation doesn't really live up to the hype. Well, let me be the one to tell you it absolutely does! My boyfriend ordered a quarter pound of fresh "mutz" and the roast beef with fresh mozzarella and brown gravy. He unwrapped the sandwich while I dug into the mozzarella. He told me they had just made that batch which explained why it was still warm. I bit in, and it was HEAVEN. It was sooooo creamy and just salty enough. I've never had anything like it, and can't wait to go back. The sandwich was amazing. I don't think I was eating the same sandwich as anyone who said it was overrated. It wasn't dripping with gravy, but it was so moist. I can't even begin to describe it. You need to just taste it for yourself. Needless to say, I didn't go to the gym that day, and I would gladly choose this sandwich over my Saturday afternoon workout any day.
Their roasted peppers with garlic are fantastic! My recommendation: get bread and peppers here, then head over to M&P Biancamano for your mozzarella. You will thank me later!!
I have been living in Hoboken for over 6 years.  I was told that Fiore's had the best mozzarella.  I had to finally put it to the test.  I personally am a fan of Luca's mozzarella.  Well, Fiore's was good, but Luca's was still better.  I now know why there is a line out the door at this place.  Its not because the food is so great.  Its because the service is awfully slow.  I would go back and try some of their other foods, but to be honest, I dont know what the big deal is here.
Mozz and Roast Beef!!!! Can't go wrong
The best mozzarella I've ever had in my entire life; ever, like for real.  I dream of this cheese.   It has the best balance of creamy saltiness.  I've NEVER had it as good as Fiore's and have stood in line for this cheese.  In line...for cheese.
Good local deli. Friendly service. Owner on site. If you get the roast beef (Thurs special), make sure you get it with hot peppers otherwise it will taste a bit bland. I think it gets 5* reviews only because it's in Hoboken...would be rated lower if in say Bay Ridge or Bensonhurst. That's not a knock but an observation.
I must admit it's a good thing I no longer live down the block from Fiore's. This is not because it is not good, but rather because it is so good. The mutz is quite frankly perfection. The Saturday sandwich is purchased almost weekly, along with extra mutz to throw on myself because I just love the cheese THAT much. I guess there's a reason I'm not exactly skinny. This Hoboken institution has been around for 100 years and I can only hope it's around for another 100. I hope I can take my grandkids here.
I've lived in Hoboken for a year and a month now. I'm completely aware that the fact that TODAY is the first time I've been to Fiore's is an absolute crime, so shut it. I've heard so many things about their roast beef and mutz sandwich that I actually blocked off time to go get this thing. To preface, I'm not a huge roast beef fan; when faced with a police lineup of cold cuts, I'm least likely to single out the roast beef. Fresh mozzarella on the other hand; it doesn't get any better. So when you put the two together, I figure it has to be at least a decent sandwich. Mother of God, decent doesn't even begin to describe it. The combination of beef and mutz works perfectly, and the sauce they slather it in (I asked for it light to be safe) brings out a great flavor. They use thick, house-made mutz and thinly shaved roast beef (not thick slabs). The bread they put mine on was good, but I had no idea you could also pick your own bread when you walked in the door. Pro-tip: PICK YOUR OWN BREAD WHEN YOU WALK IN THE DOOR. Some of those rolls looks amazing. The deli itself is tiny, so expect to wait in line for a while. Unlike Carlo's Bakery, there is some gooooood stuff at the end of this line. Pricewise, well, I ended up getting a whole sub, which clocks out around 16 inches, for $12 (on special). One half will leave you satisfied for one meal, so it's actually a very good deal if you ask me. The only issue: the hours are awful for someone who works in NYC and can't enjoy this Fiore glory 7 days a week.
Not usually a big sandwich fan, but when the craving hits.. gotta go to Fiore's and have a deep and meaningful relationship with some roast beef.  And I know everyone else has already said but seriously, the mozz is out of this world.  It's never too crowded during the week, on the weekends though you can leave the house before you get hungry and you will be hungry by the time you get your food.
Line out front says it all, GREAT SANDWICH AND WORTH THE WAIT!  Sat and Thursday Roast Beef Mutz and gravy are popular, but dont miss the mondays Ham and Mutz w gravy.  Ill say it again...ITS WORTH THE WAIT!
Heaven on earth! Their fresh motz is the best! And they have the best Italian sub I have ever had! The lines get crazy on the weekends, so try and seek in during the week.  I had a friend tell me he waited two hours one year to get mozzarella for Christmas! Btw the way he's alway trying to push their roast beef and mozzarella dipped on gravy, which is the special sandwich on Wednesdays and Saturdays, BUT don't do it! The Italian is so much better!!!!
This is it: the holy grail of Italian delis.  It's a hole in the wall and not much to look at, but Fiore's is without a doubt the best deli I've ever been to.   I had their roast beef w/ mozzarella and was blown away.  I honestly didn't think I would like it, but I was wrong.  The mozzarella was flat out the best I've ever had.  The hero was tremendous.  Naturally, I ate the whole thing and was unable to move for 36 hours.  Before I have another roast beef, I'll go back for a more traditional sub.  However, get the roast beef special on Sundays and you'll be hooked for life. I will be back as often as is possible.
I'm really sad that I have to give this place a 3... I got the roast beef and mozzarella sandwich with gravy and I was expecting heaven in a sandwich according to all the reviews, but it just wasn't. Don't get me wrong, its not bad at all, BUT I have had so much better... The guy is super nice and I did order ahead of time and picked it up... I would give it one more chance- maybe I should go there and get it freshly ordered. That could make the difference.
How i never found this place sooner. Me and my husband come here and have such great love for the mozzarella. I had cheesesteak and this special sauce is amazing. Fresh bread. Cant wait to go again .
First, a note - this review is really about the Roast Beef & Mozz w/ Gravy sandwich - because I have never ordered anything else at Fiore's, nor can I understand why anyone would. I can think of no way in which the Fiore's experience can be improved - the long lines out the door, choosing your own bread, the cramped quarters - all contribute to the making of the most delicious sandwich ever. The roastbeef, mozz & gravy sandwhich is available only on Thursday and Saturday.  The mozzarella is made fresh daily and is super creamy and delicious.  The roastbeef is also fresh and they soak the bread in the warm gravy when making the sandwich, which infuses the whole thing with flavor and moisture. A true Hoboken institution, and for good reason.
The best deli hoboken has to offer. The roast beef special on Saturdays is very popular, be prepared to wait on line and bring cash! The mozzarella, meats, and bread are made on site. This place is consistently fantastic!
Muz,  Roast Beef, Gravy....  grab a roll on the way in.  Muz Turkey roast peppers, balsamic.  close second.
The fresh mozz is so good I usually get a pound of it on the side and eat it alone. Oh, and I get a sandwich too, of course.
I have yet to find another Italian deli with mozzarella that can compete with Fiore's. Its texture is rich, smooth and creamy with a heaviness that doesn't quite sit in your stomach like a brick but will fill you up without having to order a crazy amount of meat on your sandwich. And maybe it's just me, but I love how you can pull apart their mozzarella piece by piece... Something that doesn't really happen with store-bought or older mozzarella. Tip: Call in your lunch order during the weekdays. If you don't, you'll spend your entire lunch break waiting in line squished against several strangers. Favorite combinations: Mozzarella/sun-dried tomatoes/prosciutto with balsamic vinegar on a soft roll OR if it's Friday, their Italian tuna/mozzarella with extra balsamic vinegar. My mouth is watering just thinking of it all.
Great cheese. Finally went there last weekend after living in Hoboken for almost 6-7 months. There were people from all over NJ in that deli. We liked their salami sandwich. The roast beef with gravy was ok. Will try their Italian next time. There is always along line here so try going during off-peak hours. Good thing is that they have a parking lot!
A Hoboken legend! Home of the best mozzarella! You haven't lived until you've tried a Fiore's motz sandwich.  They give you enough for lunch AND dinner.
I've been meaning to try Fiore's for quite some time now.  Finally came in for their famous Roast Beef sandwich and boy does it live up to the hype! Roast beef, fresh mozz, and gravy on a fresh italian roll. Ask for the hot peppers with garlic for a little kick. You WON'T be sorry!
The best Italian deli I've been to outside of my favorite place in Bergen County, and it's a close call. The sandwiches here aren't cheap, but it's worth it. The roast beef with fresh mutz and gravy lives up to the hype, and they have the best roasted peppers I've ever had in my life, hands down. Get there early on Saturday if you want to avoid a long wait.
The best Italian deli I've ever eaten at. Prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and balsamic vinegar. Could not have been a better hoagie and the service is so friendly. Highly recommend.
More of a 3.5 but I liked them so much I rounded up. Taste 4/5 This is more of a review of the Roast Beef Mozzarella Sandwich (Available only on Thursday and Saturdays).  I recommend that if you want to go on Thursday after work to call ahead of time because they do run out!).   Overall, the quality of the food was so-so but the gravy was gold.  The HIGHLIGHT was definitely was the gravy/beef au jus.  Excellent and I would go back to just purchase the sauce as it was very very beefy.  Mozzarella or "Mots" as they call it was very fresh and had a yummy texture.  Roast beef was lukewarm, nothing special.  The bread was bread, no toasting ** I am shaking my head in disappointment. Price 2/5 - Way too expensive for an OK roast beef sandwich. I don't remember the exact price but for two half sandwiches cost somewhere along the lines of $20.  For that price they need to up the anti (toast the bread, heat the roast beef) Customer Service 4.5/5 Although the line was long, the staff kept us entertained with their Italian American antics.  What threw me off was the way they handled the meat with their bare hands.  I am hoping they were washing their hands between handling the meat and handling... ahem you get what I mean. Would I come back?  Maybe.  My boyfriend liked the sandwich a lot so maybe we'll head back.
A line out the door on Saturday afternoon, but I would have waited twice as long for that delicious mozzarella! Salty and creamy, it was the best I've ever had. I got a prosciutto, mozzarella, and roasted red pepper sandwich to split with my husband. About a foot long and filled us both up - cost $16 and well worth every penny.
Make sure u grab a roll before ordering and the deli is cash only.
Best sandwich shop in hoboken. They have the best mozz you have ever tasted.
Has to be one of the best roast beef sandwiches I've ever eaten.  Had it with some fresh mozzarella, red peppers, and gravy.  Will definitely be back. Cash only.
I've never ever liked Hoboken. Even living here for the past year and a half, I can't stand the Jersey Shore meat-heads that come up here and the same "Bar & Grill" that pops up on every street corner.  My heart belongs to NYC. Nonetheless, there are a handful of places that are Phenomenal with a capital P in this little square-mile shindig of a town. #1 is FIORE'S.  A real Italian Deli. We live right across the street to this heavenly spot of fresh mozzarella and Italian meats and I'm surprised we haven't gotten fat yet (well, the pants are slightly tight, but that's what a good run is for).  The wait could be well over 30 mins during peak lunch hours (12p - 1:30p) any day of the week. Cars are double parked all along the street just for FIORE'S. If you had one sandwich - you have to try the Roast Beef, Mozzarella, and Gravy Sandwich special on Thursdays and Saturdays.  Rather than that, the staple Salami and mozz is good.  I tend to stay away from the provolone, because they put CHUNKS of that salty goodness in there (which my husband likes).   Beware - if you ask for lettuce, tomato, mayo or anything else besides Roast Peppers and Sundried Tomatoes (the only 2 things you can add), you'll get the "you kiddin' me?" look, then you'll have to rescind, take your sandwich and leave in embarassed shame (didn't happen to me, but to a friend - but she still comes back!). The also sell dried salami as well which is always good to keep around for Wine and Cheese pairings on a quiet Friday evening..
Entitled Brats Please Stay Away One of the charming things about Hoboken is that its filled with mom & pop shops who have been in operation for years and years. Fiore's is one of those hidden gems, opened in 1913, with some great specials that they do everyday, each with their delicious homemade "mutz": Monday: Ham & Mozzarella Tuesday: Corn Beef & Mozzarella Wednesday: Sausage & Mozzarella Thursday: Roast Beef & Mozzarella Friday: Italian Tuna & Mozzarella Saturday: Roast Beef & Mozzarella Occasionally, you get some kind of entitled brat who walks into the store and thinks he's in a suburban strip mall, ordering from the so-called "Italian Deli" which is actually run by a very charming foreign man, who may or may not be from Italy. They order such items like "The Godfather" (which I have never heard of in my 40 years of eating from various Italian delis) - and then become such Entitled Brats that it's the DELIS fault for not having a toaster oven or garlic ready for THEM. Please, Entitled Brats, go back to your shopping malls where you can order an Orange Julius and a Cinnabon and be in suburban heaven. Let the rest of the unwashed masses enjoy our Fiore's, which has simply THE BEST roast beef and mutz hero. Did you know it was actually a storyline in the TV Show "30 Rock": newyork.seriouseats.com/… Oh, if you want your sammich to be a Godfathers maybe YOU need to buy garlic, butter and a toaster oven and make it at home? Just sayin' This is an Italian Deli. Have you been to Italy? Go to Italy. Ask for BOARS HEAD, and you will probably get a head of a boar. Sorry, they don't have your brand of meat that is in every supermarket in America, because most of what they make is - wait for it - HOME MADE. The roast beef isn't Boars Head Roast Beef, it's roasted on site. I will, however, agree with you on the lettuce and tomato. I do wish they had this. Most people (in the know) would just go to Vito's Deli if that's what you are looking for. They have great mutz, too and can make a great hero, also.
Fiore's is amazing.  Their fresh mozzarella is out of this world, and their sandwiches give me an orgasm in the mouth.  The staff is friendly, local and professional, and everything is super fresh.  Definitely a must-taste in Hoboken. Cash only, and be prepared for lines around lunch time.
Look, I'm not gonna lie.  We were doing 85 up the Parkway and did a little ninja-fighting on I-78 to get here for lunch from Kenilworth.  We didn't even bother trying to park, we just handed fistfuls of cash to the fleetest among us with strict orders to get eight roast beef sandwiches.  "YEAH with mozarella and gravy, what the fuck are you stupid?" was the only response to the runner's question about how we wanted them. We circled the block, taking shorter and shorter loops, until our man emerged carrying two sacks.  He gets it, we take off like it's the third remake of "Gone in Sixty Seconds" only with better dialogue.  No one dares eat in the car, a Mercedes sedan that costs more than our yearly salaries.  We grab the 'Pike entrance, hightail it back to work, and put on a show of eating that amazes and revolts all who witness it.  I actually marvel at my own hunger-induced gluttony from outside myself.  Great sandwich. However, it's just a sandwich.  I've never gotten anything else here in the last two years, so I'd be lying if I said everything is good.  Four stars for one sandwich, though, should give you a solid point at which to start. --#
My roommate suggested we walk down to Fiore's on a cloudy and cold Saturday because I "had to try the Saturday special" at Fiore's. As I've learned from a few Hoboken residents, plenty of Hoboken delis claim to be the home of the "best mozz in town" - although this was my first mozza-Hoboken experience, it stood up, and leaped up to the hype. The Saturday special, a simple roast beef mozzarella sandwich covered in gravy on the bread of your choice, was so far from the cold, dry norm. The mozzarella was perfect and flavorful, and watching them haul out pound after pound of the stuff made my inner old Italian lady sing. Overall amazing and worth the wait of 20 minutes on the line outside the door. Although, this is my first mozz tasting in Hoboken, will be trying out others!
This is not a deli! This is your quintessential Italian-American salumeria. It is rumored that Fiore's fresh mozz was shipped regularly to Ole Blue Eyes in L.A. The bread comes from a bakery in Jersey City, whose name I can't remember. The salumi are fresh and perfectly cut for your sandwich or to be wrapped. I've been going to Fiore's since I was wearing diapers. That's over 35 years. Even when I moved to the suburbs in Bergen County, my family and/or I would take the ride to get boiled ham, prosciutto di parma, mortadella con pistacchio, a variety of salami, mozzarella (correctly pronounced "mutz"), ricotta fresca, and much more. For at least 30 years, I've been getting ham and mozz sanwiches, giardiniera (pickled veggies and olives), and ricotta fresca for pasta con ricotta - the Italian version of Mac & Cheese. And, no ordinary pasta! You must get orrecchiete. You can also get the pasta there, it's near the slicer. Although I've only had it once, the Roast Beef & Mozz is delicious. So good that the line wraps out the doors and there are additional people behind the counter making the sandwiches. TIP: Fiore's is traditional. You won't find any yuppie, hipster, trendy-ass sandwiches named for movie characters, celebs, athletes, or other stronzi di merda. You ask them for a sandwich with cold-cuts and cheese, that's you get. Simple! Just like it was in 1913! If it's a beautiful day and the temperature is perfect, then get there before 12:15 -  especially on Roast Beef days. Otherwise, you'll spend your lunch hour on line. That's how damned good it is! Oh! And, I'll make you an offer you can't refuse. If you want a recipe for Orrecchiete con Ricotta Fresca, then e-mail me before you go. Don't you dare try to substitute it with some supermarket bought, plastic container crap!
I completely understand that nothing I say right now is likely to be different than the previous 158 reviews, but OH MY GOD this place makes the BEST mozzarella I think I have EVER had.  I'd never been there prior to today (actually I had someone pick up a sandwich for me) and the sandwich was so F'n good I didn't want to finish it because then the goodness would end.  And sadly it did end, and the rest of my afternoon was shot as I couldn't stop thinking about that damn sandwich. I got an Italian sandwich with the fresh mozzararella and balsamic vinegar...seriously, I can't get over how good my sandwich was today.  I can't wait to actually walk through the door of Fiore's the next time we get lunch from my new favorite sandwich place...unfortunately (my wife would say fortunately) it's a bit of a drive from Newark so it's not gonna be an everyday affair.  Affair, I feel like I started one today since Fiore's has definitely bumped my former favorite sandwich shop...don't hate me Enzo...
Fresh moz. That's "fresh mozzarella" to those who don't speak Dirty Jerz. Fiore's makes the most amazing fresh mozzarella cheese ever. That's the reason everybody and their grandmother comes here. Whatever food a person is ordering, they'll most likely want some on it. Roast beef sandwich? Put some moz on it. Pastrami on rye? Put some moz on it. M&M's? Put some moz on it. Okay, i'm kidding about that last one, but you get the idea. Personally, I always get the roast beef with moz, plastered with balsamic vinegar. Whoo, that is pure bliss. One tip: don't even think about coming here at 12 noon, because the line will be out the door. I try to get here between 12:30 and 1pm. But if you did get stuck in line, it would be so worth it.
This place is solid.  Crazy, tasty, gooey Mutz and garlic peppers that will make your breath stank for days but you won't care cause they're that good.   The good: - Mutz is best in class, no doubt - Meats are all fresh and you can't go wrong with signature sandwiches - Garlic Peppers yeppp - Turkey Mutz and Peppers is damn good - They ain't got time for lettuce or tomatoes...and they're good enough to pull that move off So why not a 5 star? - Wasn't impressed with the Roast Beef and Mutz, their signature sandwich - Price is basically 15 bucks for a whole sandwich, which is huge, but half may not cut it if you're hungry - Lunch lines are usually crazy, a testament to this place being good, but it can be a 15 minute process
So I live literally 2 blocks from this place - not sure why on earth I waited so long to come here!!!!! I came here on a thursday during the day. I had never been before and didnt look like there was a menu - there was already a line which always means something is good.  I get up to the front and the guy working there asks what I would like I said this was my first time there and then proceeds to give me this GIANT tasting of their AMAZING mutz.  Since it was my first time they have tons of specials that change for the day of the week but I asked if they had just a standard Italian sandwich. They threw in tons of napkins and warned me I would need them.  I walked my 2 block journey home and unwrapped amazing deliciousness.  such a simple sandwich with impeccable ingredients.  I got the large sandwich which I figured I'd have the other half for dinner.  My friend came over and eyed the sandwich and had the same reaction as me.   I will be coming here VERY OFTEN - You should too
Salami and mozz sandwich = heaven. Roast beef, mozz & garlic peppers = heaven. Pretty much anything with Fiore's mozz makes it heavenly. I came here my first time after my interview with Stevens, located in Hoboken (which is now my alma mater...getting old!), with my dad. He told me "Steffie..get da mutz. You gotta get da mutz." So that I did. And it was amazing. I actually got a salami and mozzarella sandwich with some olive oil on a fresh baked Italian roll, and my taste buds were ever so thankful for my choice. I've been back several times since that experience, and I am never ever disappointed. Their mozz is their specialty, so make sure it's added to whatever you order :).
What's good for Liz Lemon is good for me. What a fine, fine sandwich (roast beef, mozzarella and gravy - all made to perfection). Thursdays and Saturdays are gravy days. The bus will take you just a few blocks away, and the guys will take care of you. Extra love for San Benedetto peach iced tea!
Ughhhhhhhhhhhh so good. When one of my buddies was living in Hoboken he introduced me to Fiore's ridiculously good hot roast beef sandwich. They take hot roast beef, cover it in the most delicious gravy ever, and then place slices of the freshest mozzarella cheese on top of it. The bread is fresh baked every day from the bakery nearby, and the sandwiches keep for a day or two so stock up. This is a must have sandwich if you hit up the 'boken. Hell, if I was a Manhattanite, I'd take the PATH over just to eat this.
I was somewhat confused/intimidated when I first walked into this place because I wasn't really sure how to order and I felt like most of the people in there were regulars. We soon figured out that you pick your bread, bring it up to the counter, tell them what you want, then you're pretty much good to go. The ingredients were so fresh and my sandwich turned out to be delicious. Good thing this place is less than a minute away from my apartment because this is gonna be my go-to place for sandwiches. I definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood for a really good sandwich. They did seem to have limited ingredients though. Luckily for me, they had everything I wanted.
Sweet Baby Jesus this place is delicious (I think I just had a Melissa Gorja RHONJ moment)! I really wish I hadn't decided to come here right before swearing off grains and dairy and taking on the challenges of a Paleo diet. It's like going on a Coke binge and then saying you're turning straight edge. I'm breaking into sweats just writing this. This place is old school to the max - you walk in and there is no discernible menu (or maybe there was and I just couldn't find it). However, you don't need one. By the time you make it to the counter and see the fresh mutz you know it doesn't matter what you get: it's gonna be epically delish. Guaranteed. I got a fresh mutz, artichoke and sundried tomato. I got a whole one (which lasted me two meals) that I must say was expensive ($15 fat ones?!?). However, it was delicious. My mouth pretty much exploded. While I live two blocks from Vito's, I must say this was better. I may have to give up my Paleo-ism for an hour or two just so I can go back...
OOH, yes.  Very yes.  Omg, yes.  Please give. Delicious and amazing.  Completely authentic Italian food that leaves me salivating and eager for more.  I'll trek from Downtown JC to get in on the delicious that is Fiore Deli.   Don't miss this!
As with Eric G., I was also a little confused/intimidated when I first walked into this place because I wasn't really sure how to order or what was on the menu. I followed the lead of the lady in front of me, picked my bread, waited until I got up to the counter, and ordered the Saturday special - Roast Beef and Mozzarella.  I got the gravy on the side so that it wouldn't get too soggy before I got home. Wow - this sandwich was amazing.  The roast beef was good, not the best I've ever had but certainly great on the sandwich.  But the mozzarella and gravy were just amazing.  It's a little on the pricey side, but well worth the money. Highly recommend going there for this special, it's well worth whatever the wait on line may be.  I will definitely be coming back here for more Saturday specials!
this place is awesome. . the mozzarella is fantastic, the people working there are really nice (today when the man noticed my son with me, he gave him a free taste of mozz). all you tourists descending upon carlo's, take a short walk and try this out. i have zero connection to this place; i just know it's a little gem a bit off the beaten path in hoboken
GOD BLESS FIORE'S!!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't even know how I can write a review to explain my love for Fiore's.  They sell the best sandwiches I've EVER HAD from a "deli"!  Like all other reviewers/cult followers, the roast beef/mozz. sandwich is just heaven.  It's indescribable. It's an orgasm for your mouth (yeah I said it).  Even if you don't like roast beef, GET THIS SANDWICH!  My mother hates roast beef in cold cut form and dies over this sandwich.  The gravy is amazing.  The bread is amazing.  THE MOZZ  IS AMAZING.  Don't like waiting on line?   Too damn bad, you will do it and you will be pleasantly happy that you did. I feel lucky to be able to live so close to heaven on earth!!
Holy fucking cheese fantastic-ness!!  Found this place while looking for other places to stop in while we were in Hoboken and honestly cannot imagine what my life would be like if I hadn't found this place!  =]  It is a tiny little place in the middle of a block surrounded by row-type houses/apartments with a cute little sign and welcoming atmosphere.  You walk in, grab your bread and tell them what you want.  And EVERYONE gets cheese on their sandwich...I mean...you'd be stupid not to.   The woman in front of us heard us say we hadn't been there before and instantly the guy behind the counter handed us some samples of their famous cheese!  GREAT customer service!  But that cheese...there are no words.  It was fresh mozzarella perfection!  Moist, tender, slightly stringy and SALTY.   Yes...salty.  I've never had a fresh mozz with such a great, salty bite to it.  It was literally THE BEST I have EVER had!  Amazing!!  I had to go back the day we were leaving to get some more to bring home to Fred...on the plane...yeah...THAT good!  If you live in the area...then I'm sure you are aware of this place, but to anyone like me who is just visiting...you must go here and get your cheese on! PS...don't forget about the roasted garlic red peppers....Mmmmmmmmm!!  Our sandwiches were simple...bread, balsamic, cheese and those peppers and it was heaven.  Period.
I felt I owed it to myself to visit this place since it gets so many good reviews on yelp. Feeling extra hungry today for lunch, I made a quick stop. I was kinda confused how to proceed at first, as some reviews mentioned having to pick out your own roll. I sorta just stood there until someone was free to help me. I simply ordered the de facto favorite around these parts - roast beef and mutz w/gravy. The guy behind the counter (really friendly, btw) asked me if I wanted a whole or a half. Not knowing the sizes, and feeling a bit hungry, I ordered a whole. The sandwich itself wasn't much different than what you would expect: roast beef, fresh mozzarella, and a gravy spread that was really tasty. The whole is actually the size of 2 moderately sized sandwiches, and was about $11 (not sure if that was a special price, as Thursday's special is the r. beef with mutz). The verdict? Tasty. I didn't have any visions of the second coming of Christ, but it was definitely pretty good. In the future I'd probably try something else out, but I'm glad I finally got a chance to eat here. Definitely on par with Vito's (or any other great local deli), and worth the visit if you're in Hoboken.
What can you say about Fiore's other than they are just another great Italian deli in Hoboken.  Handmade mozzarella on a daily basis and pick your own rolls. The process is to walk in and grab a roll from the selection on the right hand side.  Please use the wax paper and not your bare hand like an amateur.  While standing in line make sure you decide on what you want to order.  They have one daily special every day, you really can't go wrong with any of them piled high then covered with fresh muzz.  They range from the roast beef with gravy, sausage and peppers to American tuna (made with mayo) or Italian tuna made with balsamic vinegar.  Other than there daily specials there really isn't a menu to speak of but they have all of the usual cold cuts to speak of. The daily specials are where it's at but you really can't go wrong with whatever you order.  If you like roasted pepper I would recommend them as well, they are drenched in olive oil and garlic.  Make sure you get plenty of napkins. I say go ahead, grab yourself the daily special from Fiore's with fresh muzz and head to the park right around the block and dig in.  You won't regret it!
For the last few months, my brother and I have been embroiled in a Hoboken Hoagie-off between Fiore's and Vitos, the two most famous deli's in the area, both know for their house-made mutz (mozzerella) and sandwiches (aka grinders/hoagies/subs/heros) in general. Here's my take: Pro Fiore's -It's wayyyyyyyy closer to home than Vito's. -When you walk in, you can choose your own loaf/roll of fresh baked italian loaves, and therefore dictate the size of your sandwich. (This also drastically affects the price, but I'm not sure by how much due to the lack of menus.) Con Fiore's -There's no menu aside from the daily specials. Don't get me wrong, I like creativity when it comes to food, but a menu sets a ordering guideline of what's available/possible - without one, I just felt lost upon entering, and hence decided to stick to the hot roast beef + mutz, and a very basic proscutto + mutz + sundried tomato. -The gravy for the hot roast beef + mutz is more of a au jus dip than a true gravy. Ordinarily, I wouldn't care, but since it's so thin it soaks *INTO* the italian bread and ruins, versus compliments, the sandwich's texture - cause now everything is all soggy. -The proscuttio is stringy and oddly sweet; though I'm no expert, IMHO this is sign of an inferior cut of pork being cured with nitrates and additives. Proscu should be slightly nutty, not greasy with white chunks that get stuck between your teeth. -The mutz in the sandwiches tasted unsalted. Which would have been great if I'd requested that - but I didn't. Sorry Fiore's...you may have won the battle over distance, but you lost the war in taste and price.
WOWWWWW!!!!! I had been living in Hoboken for 6 months and had tried many of the deli's in town. One day my friend who lives near Fiore's told me I had to try it because it was that good. I didn't believe him at first, but one trip later and I was hooked. The mozzarella is like nothing I've ever tasted, so moist, so flavorful. The daily specials are some of the best creations on Earth. Roast beef gravy and mozz on Thursday's and Saturday's, Italian Tuna on Friday's, Sausage and Red Gravy on Wednesdays. The meat is also extremely fresh and the only drawbacks are that the only toppings you can get are hot or sweet peppers, and sun-dried tomatoes. The lines here are extremely long, so make sure you go at an off-time or are prepared to wait up to 25 minutes, especially on Saturday's.
Normally, I would not sit on a park bench in Sinatra park, straight ripping pieces off of a ball of mozzarella and eating it with my bare hands.  Alas, Fiore's has a strange but wonderful effect on people. This is mozzarella's mozzarella, people.  Dreams do come true in this little no-frills shop on Adams Street--no seating, but adds to that "get your food and go" ambience that is the cornerstone of so many "best of" establishments (like Mamoun's Falafel, Geno's Cheesesteaks in Philly...)   They have one special every day:  so far those that have caught my attention are the corn beef and mutz combo and the roast beef, gravy and mutz.  The roast beef gets absolutely rave reviews from anyone I've ever heard to have eaten it. I have never even had any of the sandwiches for the only reason being that I'm not a huge meat eater.  That said, I can vouch for making a trip to Hoboken for this mutz, from wherever you live in the United States/World and not even being able to make it home before digesting it.   Also, points for the fact that the guys who work here all say "mutz", not even "mozzarella".  They sell Baci chocolates, too.
Bing Bam, thank you ma'am! Fiore Deli has just earned my first five star rating and it was well deserved.  I don't really have to tell you this and that about the place because the other ninety five reviews all say the same thing. Fiore's is the place in Hoboken to get that awesome sub (hero) that you have been craving. And it might have been the safest place in Hoboken since the whole Hoboken police force was in line behind me getting lunch! Just walking in the door of the deli tells you that these Italian guys know what they are doing. The place has that old Italian deli look and offers a ton of other options besides the subs they make. The first step to getting one is to get your sandwich bread out of the bread cabinet. They offer either a hero roll or a bun roll and if you only want half the hero that is fine, they cut it in half at the counter. Once its your turn at the deli you give them your roll and order what you want on it, and that is no easy choice. I ordered the roast beef and mozzarella, which was amazing. The mozzarella is made right there and if you want some of your own you can order it either by the pound or by the log. They also have chips and drinks to purchase with the sandwich. The price was not bad either and keep in mind that they ONLY take cash. No credit cards and no checks, although I would probably dish out quarters just to get a sub there. Overall I gave this place five stars for the awesome subs, great guys working behind the counter, the price of heaven on a roll, and the nice atmosphere the deli has. I actually did some research on the place and found out that their sandwich was actually in the episode Sandwich Day on the TV show 30 Rock. Personally, I have been searching for years trying to find a deli like the one back home who makes awesome subs and I think I can finally call that search over.
I've been hearing about this place for a few years, but it wasn't until a few weeks ago that I finally got to try it. This place really does live up to its reputation. It's an old style Italian deli, and it's absolutely amazing. Everything is fresh, especially the mozzarella. The mozzarella was like nothing I have ever had before. It tastes nothing like the kind you buy in a store. Besides getting the sandwich of the day I also got some motz to go - YUM! This is how Italian delis should be. I can't wait to go back.
BEST fresh mozzarella ever!  I only go to Fiore's for a huge block of fresh mozz (however, "The Special" Roast Beef sandwich on Thursdays and Saturdays is also divine).  There is always a line out the door, no matter how cold or hot the weather.  The line goes quickly fortunately for us all.  Not a sit down kind of place.  No room and time for that nonsense.  Simply order your stuff, pay and leave so the guy next can get the goodies as well!  I always ask for a $10 log of fresh mozz to take home for me and the bf.  We love eating it plain with nothing else.  Yes, it's THAT GOOD.  So good that I dismiss the squeemish feeling I get when I see them handling my food without gloves and wiping down the knife that cuts into my mozz with the same towel that I saw earlier they were wiping off the counter.  This doesn't stop me from buying a log of mozz from Fiore's.  It is really THAT GOOD. ps: You can order the fresh mozz unsalted as well.  CASH ONLY.  Closes at 6pm every evening and closed every Sunday.  NO MENU, figure what the hell you want while in line so you don't hold up the line.
Walk in on a Wednesday or Saturday morning and say the following: "Roast Beef and Mozz WITH gravy".  The roast beef is made fresh and in house, and it is out of this world. Thank me later.
Good bread, amazing mutz and my boyfriend thanked me three times after bringing him back a roast beef sandwich, so I'm assuming it's pretty good. A word of warning though, their roasted peppers are GARLICY. Don't get them on a sandwich unless you are armed with an arsenal of breathmints.
Fiore's gets my vote for the best Italian deli in the tri-state area.  They make their own heavenly mozzarella and pile it high on their sandwiches.    I think their best sandwich is the hot roast beef with mutz, which I believe is the special on Wednesday.  They also have a great selection of other smoked/cured Italian meats. It also has an old-school Italian charm and you get to pick out your own loaf of bread for your sandwich.
Best sandwich of my life. Not joking. My bf used to live in Hoboken and he told me about how great this place was. So one Saturday morning he said they make spacial gravy sandwiches. I insisted i wanted Lettuce tomatoes and mayo. He kindly refused my request. Once he got back with our sandwiches I noticed gravy all over the white paper they put the sandwiches in. Words cannot describe how good this place is. The mozz. is mouth watering. A few months ago my bf got up early and went from Brooklyn to NJ just to get us sandwiches. That's how good this place it. I'm hungry now.
If you happen to be walking past Adams and Fifth street in Hoboken, and you see a whole line of hungry impatient people alongside about 25 double parked cars, you are most likely experiencing the roast beef and mozzarella special day at Fiore's. Not to say that all of their specials aren't absolutely fabulous... but there is just something about that roast beef, paired with their fresh homemade mozzarella and all that delicious gravy ... Man I tell you, there isn't too much better than that. And as the sign above the cash register reads 'The taste of a good mozzarella is remembered long before the price is forgotten'... such is true here at Fiore's. I am actually a big fan of the virginia ham and mozzarella with mustard sauce special... amazing. Their cherry tomato and mozzarella salad is also to die for as well. I remember when I first moved to town, I had something against Fiore's. I felt, I don't know, like I wasn't part of the 'in crowd' here. I mean... I walked in, didn't see the menu, everyone else seemed to know what was going on but me. And I"m not lying when I say there were a few times I actually pretended like I was just looking around, only to turn around and run out ... the whole time telling myself that I 'obviously didn't even want that food there anyway', ending up at good old faithful Subway, and a fake feeling of satisfaction. I know. That may be just a little dramatic. But, after just going on in, and simply asking at the counter, I found my fears were a little more than ridiculous, and that these men were actually all very nice, and very willing to inform you of specials and anything else you may need to know. That was when Fiore's became my favorite sandwich shop in Hoboken. Well, that and the fact that it is literally right next door to my apartment. The days I wake up with a hang-over, I cannot tell you how blessed I feel to be right next door to this place. I can literally roll out of bed, roll into Fiore's and since there is only one special a day, I don't even have to read. Just order 'the special' .. hold out my 6 dollars and wait for heaven to kick in. I suggest anyone who visits Hoboken to stop into Fiore's. They always give first timers a free sample of the cheese, along with a friendly smile and positive attitude. Just a really great little place.
Just get the mutz.  Do you really need a review to tell you that?  10 bucks a pound is a steal.  Don't put it in the fridge (if it even makes it home to get near a fridge).  God, it's great.  Maybe someday I'll try a sandwich, but for now, it's just the mutz.
The sandwiches are amazing.  You have to try the roast beef and mozzarella with gravy.  Yummy, filling, and delicious.
I wanted to eat a roast beef sammy ever since I saw Liz Lemon scarf it down on 30 Rock. So I went and got myself half a loaf, had the bread dripped in the jus and got some gravy on the side. Pro: only 6 bucks for half a loaf. It's somewhat filling. The roast beef is moist and not tough. Cons: the sandwich itself was meh. The jus had way too much soy sauce. The bread was a bit hard. There aren't any accompaniments with the beef and this renders the sandwich somewhat tasteless after the first two bites. I'm not sure I'd call it the best sandwich in the world.
All these Yelpers squaking about the Fresh Roast Beef sandwich with Fresh Mozzarella and gravy on a beautiful locally made roll.... yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure it's good... add some old school Giardiniera and it's out of this world. Switch it up and try the House Smoked Mozzarella.... Mmmm Smoked Mozz.... pffft, whatever man. Kill all that noise right now because the ITALIAN SAUSAGE SUB with RED SAUCE and FRESH MOZZ WILL BLOW YOUR MIND!!!!!!!!!!* KABOOOOOM BITCHEZ!!!! *disclaimer: I love sausage.
WOW!   came here with a friend by accident. had no idea i was about to experience THE BEST fresh mozzarella i have ever had.   better than in Italy. service is friendly and always with a smile. a must go if you are in this area. take the path
Fiore's is a Hoboken and NJ classic! The muzz is to die for. Each day they have sandwich special. Mon-Virginia ham with muzz and mustard gravy, not sure about Tues. Wed is sausage, Thurs is the famous roast beef muzz and gravy and Friday is American and Italian Tuna with muzz. The roast beef sandwich is heavenly. One of the best sandwiches I have ever had. The bread is awesome, mozzarella is delicious and the roast beef is awesome....no fat and super moist! My second favorite sandwich there is the Italian Tuna which is made with balsamic vinegar...no mayo. Thursdays and holidays tend to be very busy after 11:00am. Parking is a bit tough, they do have a small lot on the side. Incredible family owned deli that churns out one of the best sandwiches in NJ.
Roast beef & fresh mozz, w/ red peppers & gravy...... One of the best sandwiches anywhere. Easily the best mozz I've ever had & the schamozz (sp?) is equally insane. No adjectives will do this place justice. Just go & enjoy!
MOG the cheese to die for......... It was a holiday staple of mine for about 10 years.   HUGE hunks of mozzarella to be chopped off like slabs of beef. I've tried to go over the past few years but the line is always way too long.
Delicious !!!! The Motz is to die for !!!! Good Bye Store Deli Meat and Cheese !!!
Best mozzarella in Hoboken.  No doubt. Sandwiches are awesome! Cash only.  Don't forget.
My friend brought me here saying that we were going to get the 30 Rock Sandwich - I haven't been keeping up with the show so I wasn't sure what she was talking about but sure, why not. Well-prepared, she made sure that we got there early enough so that we wouldn't have to wait in long lines to discover that they were sold out. Turned out she missed a minor detail. We came on Friday, so they weren't offering the roast beef, mozzarella, and gravy sandwich but Vinnie offered the Italian tuna salad made with olive oil, balsamic vinaigrette, tomatoes, etc. which was unlike any tuna salad we'd had. Good thing that we came when there weren't a lot of customers because we dawdled for a bit, calling our friends to explain that there weren't roast beef sandwiches on Friday and did they want tuna. Then, we took some time picking the loaves of bread that he'd make our sandwiches with. Yum! The loaves of bread are long, and even cut in half, the sandwiches are a good size. My friends couldn't finish them. We had to pay in cash and neither of us brought enough. Did I say that our sandwich maker was patient? He directed my friend to the nearest ATM so we could take our sandwiches home. Happy ending! If I lived in the area, I'd want to be a regular. Another customer in a bike helmet came in after us and asked, "Hey Vinnie, how much is this?" Vinnie replied, "Not much!" then gave the price. Vinnie's customer told him, "Good, because if it were over a dollar, I wouldn't get it." Maybe not TV quality banter, but good enough for me. Definitely want to try the roast beef next time.
there's nothing more to add that hasn't already been said. I went there 3 weeks ago and still can taste their sandwich. There is a sign behind their counter with a slogan I can attest to: "the taste of a good mozzarella is remembered long after the price is forgotten"
Fiore's roast beef and mozzarella w/ gravy = HEAVEN THE END.
Had the roast beef & mutz on Saturday. Was fine, nothing I'd go out of my way to get again or recommend to a friend. You know......the more I try foods that other people rave about and I don't like them, I have to wonder whether I have bad taste, they have bad taste, or I have great taste......or maybe I've just lost my freakin marbles dude! In a town that operates a**-backwards though, this seemed par for the course!
Oh my god.. I recently moved here and discovered Fiore's soon after. The Mutz is pure epicness! Seriously. I traveled to Italy more times than I can remember, and of course I found insane food temples, but this stuff here is such high quality, it doesn't get any better! The sandwiches are also nothing but great. Basic, but great. Such high quality. But for me probably the best part is, that I can buy high quality ingredients for my cooking. Such a great place. No wonder that it's here since forever.
PLEASE READ THIS REVIEW IF YOU ARE FROM ANYWHERE IN NYC!!! I'm a native Brooklynite and now reside in Staten Island. But I am not one of those who say "If it's not New York it sucks!!." I love to find little food gems anywhere I can. I work in neighboring Jersey City and I'm on a tireless quest to find my co-workers a "blow-you-away' type of Italian Deli Sandwich being a proud Italian myself. But enough about me... The rave reviews for Fiore's are baffling to me!! Fiore's is an adaquate deli and serves good quality meats. The "Famous Mozzarella?": it's good but not something I'll rave about. But the bread and amount of meat on these sandwiches are a joke. They serve it on a tiny torpedo roll with minimal meat and seem to have very little TLC given to them. I challenge anyone of the reviewers on this site to visit "John's Deli", "Papa Pasquale's", "Lioni's", or "Difonte's." Those are authentic Italian delis. Not deli's trying to fool those who don't know any better. I urge you, give one a try and then update your review for Fiore's. Which again is a fine deli serving a good sandwich. But there is no "WOW" factor at all. And if you'd like a local JC joint, try Carmine's. It's the best deli in the area.
Certainly don't wait too late to get your roast beef and mozz sandwich on Saturdays, or else you might be waiting in line for a little while! The first time I visited, I waited until about 1pm and ended up waiting outside the door for a little bit. That being said, the sandwich is absolutely worth the wait. It's nothing something I can afford or eat in good health week in and week out, but it's an absolute treat. The mozz is so fresh and it's smothered in gravy that's just "icing on the cake." As soon as I leaked word about this sandwich to friends, they demanded that I bring them, and they loved it, too. Looking forward to returning again to try some of their other sandwiches.
Oh man... Fiore's... what can i say?! Unbelievable. Magnificent. Delicious. Party in my mouth. Ridiculous. Mozzarella heaven.  These can't even begin to describe the sandwich as a whole... but let's break it down. The mozz - agreed with James K. - so moist, so flavorful. So delicate yet full of life.  So subtle yet makes the sandwich.  It really is the secret ingredient to all that is a Fiore's sandwich. If you go in there and do not get the mozz - you're an asshole. The bread - it's delicious. It's crispy and hard on the outside for  a traditional taste and soft and doughy on the inside. I'd make a trek from anywhere to get some of this bread. I brought some friends from out of town a few times... she says, "It was the highlight of my Hoboken food.  The Little Grocery was pretty awesome, but Fiore's tops it."  I can't help but agree.  I don't mind the fact that they don't give you lettuce, tomato, etc.  It's not a hoagie people... it's Fiore's.  Enough said.  Oh, and be prepared to wait in some form of line at all times during the day. If you don't go, you're missing out. Fiore's = #1 sandwich in Hoboken
The best fresh mozzarella. No joke. I'm still fantasizing about my mozz, roasted red pepper, sun dried tomato, and artichoke sandwich. I got a whole one that I had no chance of finishing in a single day, so I stuck it in the oven for round 2. It was even BETTER. Be prepared to wait in line. Good things take time :)
