Jesus, get the wheel barrel and roll me out of here. These hefty sandwiches bulk up the meat and the crispy hero bread soak in just the right amount of flavor. The Godfather and the Micaluc are amazing. We double fisted these monsters and went to hero heaven.
This butcher deli is totally legit....... Please go get a sandwich if you know what's good
SO GOOD. Perfect sandwich. The sauce in the sandwich was unbelievable and the bread was the perfect hard/softness. Good value. $8 bucks for a sandwich that will fill 2 people!
huge sandwich. 3 lbs of meat? cant finish all in one sitting. around 8 bucks. my friend got a eggplant parm and said it was awesome. all 7 friends very satisfied. The guys working all took great care and pride in making their masterpieces. would definitely go again. busy which is a good sign. girls, your man will definitely luv.
This will be my only review I write on Yelp. There will never be another. As I type this, there is approximately 3 pounds of the most delicious sandwich I've ever eaten inside my stomach. It's called "Willie's Italian Special." It's glorious. As soon as I finished, I frantically rushed home to write this review; to not spread the love & joy that is Graham Avenue Meats would be a disservice. I can't really describe the sandwich itself. How do you describe God? Or Nirvana? When I was walking out of the deli, a group of Buddhists were entering under the impression that with Willie's Italian Special, they would find enlightenment. "I have seen the light," Jake Blues once said to his brother inside a church. Might as well have been inside Graham Avenue Meats and Deli. This sandwich is the Bruce Willis of sandwiches. It will ninja kick your stomach, it will fight terrorists, it will reunite your family and cure your lingering toe fungus. Three pounds of Monster Sandwich too much to handle? Wrap it up and save it for a lonely night. This sandwich will cuddle you on Saturday evenings. When I get married, I'll post another review of this sandwich with a link to me, my wife, and Willie's Italian Special sharing nuptial bliss. (Pending. Willie's and I have not yet decided to include her.) To be straightforward: the sandwich is perfection. For 8 bucks this sandwich will have sex with your stomach. And if you are reading this now and you have not yet tried this sandwich, I feel sorry for you. You must be a sad, lonely troll. 5 stars. Bravo.
Its all true, the sandwiches are absolutely amazing. So are the homemade sausages, chicken cutlets, riceballs and , basically everything else they have. This is pure Brooklyn.
Seriously, there would never be any reason for me to go to this area of Brooklyn except to EAT whatever I saw on the "Welcome" page of Yelp!! The photos were more reminiscent of Tastee's of Edison, NJ (see separate review) than just about anything I'd ever seen or even heard about, so I quickly lassoed a gal pal into making the trek with me today before an inevitably long day of drinking hard, sitting on couches, and watching the playoff games. Got there at about 2:20 p.m. after an oddly pleasant walk through the negative one degree with windchill cold through a mildly depressed street of clapboard two-stories and quiet nail salons. The deli was pretty full, and the line just grew after we got there. The main menu hanging overhead looked pretty standard, but there were distractions all over the place under the glass and on the high counter, ingeniously placed at eye level so you could stare and stare at pyramids of handshaped crabcakes and coils of plump sausages while the guys in the back handcrafted each and every sub order. Not gonna lie; it took a while to get through the line, but who honestly cares when G&R is playing on the classic rock radio station and you already feel a food high due to pure anticipation? The best was a young boy with a nascent mustache (SO real!!!) who asked us all when the "Bears" (so we know what side he's on) game was, then waved an arm at us, saying, "Aw, you all don't know...no offense or anything..." (but we DID know, boy! We DID!). Consciously overlooking the Jets/Yankees shrine to the right of me (for then I might have started deducting stars, which isn't fair because we're IN New York), I asked some "urban woodsmen" (hipsters with beards) in front of me what was in the photo on display just over the counter (similar to the one on the Yelp welcome page, possibly the very same). "That's the Godfather," one of them said, quite confidently. "Nah, that's the Italian special," interjected 'stache boy with a bit of a smirk. "I knew it!!!" I cried. Something that looked that good could only be Italian; what was I thinking? So distracted was I by all this activity and the juice selections (tiny vials of European and specialty sodas aside double liters of standard soft drinks aside tall boys of sweetened coconut milk) that I almost became That Stupid Ditsy Fuck Who Isn't Ready To Order When It's Her Turn. Luckily, I looked up just in time to see a dude with kind of a hot brazen stare say, "Come on, talk to me." In my haste to order, I apparently cut off some bitch behind me who decided to shout her selections over my head, and I blurted, "May I please have the Italian Special with salami?"   "Ehhhh..." he said, continuing to stare, probably really at a loss for words considering all the things in the sandwich, of which salami is only one. "I mean, whatchamacallit, uh...uhhhh.....SWISS!" I said. What the hell? When was the last time I said whatchamacallit, 1990?? He could have ignored me, but he winked mercifully and got to work on our orders. About eight minutes later, he had our sandwiches made, cut, and wrapped, and ready to go. The only problem is...where the hell do you go with this stuff if you don't live walking distance from the deli? Living here would be dangerous for me, as I'd spend probably a hundred bucks a day on sausages, London Broil, marinated anchovies, hamburger rolls, rabbit, quail, geese, veal, and all the other stuff the signs screamed that they had. Anyway, my friend and I ended up eating half our sandwiches in the freezing ass cold on a bench that seemed perfectly made for bums and deli patrons who do not live on Graham Ave. The sub? Magnifique, even if heavy on the balsamic and pepper. I saw salami, prosciutto, shredded lettuce (essential to a five star sub), and even roasted pepper in the mix. We carried the rest into the subway and all around Brooklyn while we looked for a suitable place to view the games. When we finally settled on my friend's friend's house, she still had a half of a half of her sub (mine was long gone) and cut it up into little portions. There were exclamations all around about how delicious it was. A while later, I looked back from the game and saw yet more of the sandwich glistening on a plate. It was like Jesus H. Christ was in here multiplying this sub for everyone's benefit...so in this way, Graham Ave. deli is pretty much a miracle, and thus far the only place I'd go to find a real good sub without crossing state lines.
chicken breasts for $3.99/lb??? WTF HOW IS IT SO CHEAP??? steaks are cheap (and delicious), house roasted turkey is cheap (and delicious).  i don't understand how this place exists.  but i love it.
I had been planning my last trip to NY for months, and been planning on going to Graham Ave Meats for just as long. It did not disappoint. I happened to see this business on Yelp through a friends review (Ben C) and then watched the video.... oh my goodness.  Not only do I love Italian meats/sandwiches in general (must be the Sicilian in me that has ordered the same limp Spicy Italian from Subway since I was 6) but I am a sucker for an experience.  This ticked all the boxes. Watch their video, be inspired by the American Dream, go in and have the best Italian Sandwich of your life, and don't worry about the menu... just ask whats up (I personally preferred Willie's Italian Special over the Godfather because I felt you could taste the flavors more distinctly even though there was more going on, but both brought their A game).  You will see Grandma, the guy with the backwards hat will make your sandwich with flair, and you will hear thick Italian accents... I must have looked like a kid in a candy store #embarrassingtouristinasandwhichshop.  They could not have been nicer. I didn't realize it was going to be so tiny, (how can you pack all that awesomeness into a shoebox?) but its a carryout type of place which makes sense because they looked to have all manner of delish marinated meats and cuts for sale.  Luckily I wanted to be outdoors anyways, so we were able to snag some old school sodas from the cooler and eat in the park. I was so excited I took pictures outside beforehand and texted them to my friends out West who knew about my sandwich pilgrimage.  I thought I was setting myself up to be let down; instead I was treated to a fantastic, truly local business experience that didn't just meet Yelp created expectations... it exceed.  So much respect for this business.
If you love Italian sandwiches, this place is definitely a must.  I love the Italian (sweet and spicy)!! The guys that work here are friendly, and they take the time to make the perfectly flavored and distributed sandwich so I don't mind waiting.
I'll get straight to the point: The Godfather is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. I'm no newbie to sandwiches, I was pretty confident that I'd never have a better sandwich than at Ike's in SF, and Graham Ave Meats gives them a serious run for their money. It's got that classic authentic Italian vibe, and the shop just exudes tradition. Every product on the shelves is in Italian, and I haven't had anything less than stellar. But onto the sandwich, sweet mother. I'm dying to try another sandwich of theirs, but The Godfather is so unrealistically delicious that it just seems like it would be greedy to expect any other sandwich to ever compete with that. It's a tower of meat and cheese, with the perfect seasoning of olive oil and vinegar, on bread that I can only surmise is pure ambrosia. Incredible place, and I think I've just talked myself into going there again right now.
Great quality meat, and great prices.  Havent tried anything except the sandwiches but all of the prepared food always looks delicious.  If youre in a rush dont go here, they cut everything to order-which is great-but takes a little bit of time.  One of the best sandwiches Ive ever had
3 1/2 stars. I'm really hard pressed to make a decision. But I'll just round up the 3.5 to a 4. "The best combination of meats and cheeses I've ever had." I would agree with that. So why not 5 stars? This is easily a 5 star sandwich. Unfortunately, like Toyota, Dell, Microsoft, and countless others, once they get the reputation, I think they start caring a bit less and quality suffers. My gf got the Godfather. Hers was definitely a 5 star sandwich. I got the Willy's Italian Special (WIS). Unfortunately, they made my sandwich on what must have been 2-3 DAY OLD BREAD. It was inedible. The bread was just so hard and dry that when I bit into it, it powdered apart. And it left my mouth feeling really dry. You shouldn't have to do this but when you order, ASK FOR FRESH BREAD. If you get bread like I did, it'll ruin the entire sandwich. It's like pissing into a glass of fine wine. Doesn't matter how good the wine is, it'll still suck if you pee in it. I had a few more bites of my gf's sandwich and it was heavenly. The combination of meats and cheeses, with sweet peppers on fresh Italian bread, soaking in oil and vinegar. MMM, so good. FRESH BREAD PLEASE.
This the most authentic and delicious Italian deli in the neighborhood... and there are a quite a few in the hood.  do yourself a favor and order one of Willy's special sandwiches asap. you won't be sorry.
Now you know where to take your out-of-town friends for the best Italian sandwich in Brooklyn, and quite possibly NYC.   The fact that every sandwich that comes across this deli's counter needs  to pass an inspection by the guy running the show proves that quality and consistency is key.  Each sandwich is meticulously made, traditionally flavored, thoughtfully prepared, and so, so effing good. I wouldn't change a thing, especially the prices. And although they deliver, I highly recommend going in to see the care they put into each sandwich--they're artists in their own right.
I was so excited to eat here. I love Italian sandwiches, especially the Nicky's Special from Dafonte's. I tried the Godfather and Willie's Special. Eh, it was just fine. I don't get the hype. Their cuban was pretty good though, just wouldn't make a special trip.
Stopped by here after practice one day on a whim. Excellent, large, and delicious Italian meats sandwich here for about $7!! Friendly service!! Wish i lived nearby so I could get this more often!!! Def want to go back again!
Best sandwiches ever. I usually just get prosciutto, mozzarella, and red peppers, which is amazing. But even the more complex sandwiches are fantastic, like Willie's Italian Special. I've been looking for a good solid sandwich place for a while, and this is the place. Keep up the good work!
I love this place so much. These guys know what they're talking about, they know what you're looking for, and they know how to get it to me, even better than I do. There's a great selection of meat to be had here, far better than any supermarket in the neighborhood. You pay more than you would at a supermarket, but it's worth it. On my most recent visit to them, I got a nice piece of steak for a steak tagliata, and the butcher made me promise three times that I wouldn't cook it anything past medium rare before he'd let me leave with it. It had the distinct feel that if I'd said, "Hell no! Well done all the way!" he would have taken the steak back and said, "Good day, sir!"
These sandwiches are awesome. So good that when I was on my way from NY to Boston on a Friday afternoon I was willing to stop even though it meant taking on the city's worst traffic time of the week. And it was worth it. Meat, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes; everything, was sliced with care. I crave this sandwich.
You already know how great Graham Ave. Meats is.  I don't need to go on and on about how good the Godfather is (it's great).  Let me just add this much: How often do you see three polite, adorable teenage boys singing along to Stand by Me, in unison, as they make your sandwich?  Not e-goddamn-nough, that's for sure! p.s. They make their tuna salad to order.  It's amazing.
can't say enough good things about the sandwiches here - enough to feed two people, just the right amount of fillings, nothing crazy.  just good old italian sandwiches.  love the godfather, spicy.  a great local stop!
Still my go to place for a sandwich, tried making it myself and buying all the stuff to put my baby together...it's just too much work... youtube.com/watch?v=iQ93… Nice video, place got style, swag, and a criminal record, sandwich has to be awesome!
best sandwich evar!
Best Italian Sandwich I have ever had. It takes it to a new level. I don't know why this place is never on the "HOT" spots on Yelp, but it absolutely should be. Also, brought home the Eggplant Parm for my fiance and took a bite. It was also AMAZING!!! One slight critique, but this is more personal taste. We ordered the italian cubano sandwich. It was OK, but a little too sweet for my tastes. I think they use a really sweet honey mustard or something. Not my personal cup of tea. Stick with the two Italian staples there: the Italian Special or the Godfather And yes, if you are not from the area, its worth the pilgrimage out there. Also, please be advised that it takes FOREVER for them to make the sandwich, but it is totally worth it.
1. The sandwiches are insane. Get the Willie's Italian, make it spicy and it makes you believe in humanity again. 2. They make their own freakin meat for lunchmeat. Roasting your own turkey breast with spices and its only $4.99 a lb? Thats LITERALLY half the price we got boars head for at the grocery store. 3. Housemade italian sausage, house pulled mozzarella. Holy crap. And cheaper than a normal grocery store. 4. The guys who work there are friendly, fun and helpful. If you don't go here, and love it, you're a communist. Update: I don't even care if the owner gets arrested for capital murder, I will still go here every week. If they close, I am going to grieve.
I just have to quote Brooklyn's own Peter D. on this one, since he put me onto this place: "Believe me when I tell you this: Willie's Italian Special is so transcendent that I'm not sure you can call it a sandwich; the only word that can do it justice is "masterpiece." Masterpiece would be the perfect word to describe Willie's Special. Quality cappicola, soprasatta, mortadella, prosciuto, salami, etc; peppers, seasoning, salad and on and on. It's a joy to watch them make it and Willie and Co. get joy out of making it. They give you pieces to try "how's this spicy cappicola? should we do the mild you think?". After tasting both, I just felt like telling Willie "you can do me up however you want", but i'm a rookie in this sandwich heaven, so I didn't want to get ahead of myself. Yes, the sandwich is huge. Yes, every bite down to the last is delicious. Yes, you should eat it in two sittings. Yes, I only ate it in one and Yes, I took a quick nap once I got home afterwards.
Superb Caesar salad- they made it from scratch and the taste was testament to that! Dressing was amazing, chicken was warm and succulent and I can't believe how cheap it was! Everyone's been recommending this place to me since I recently moved into the 'hood and now I know why! The guy also was so friendly and kind and insisted in making it perfect!
In an area where small coffee shops and new-age eateries are taking over every other corner, Graham Ave. is perfect for a dose of the old-school Italian vibe Brooklyn was once known for. Walking in, you feel like you're going back in time about 20-30 years (and that's not a bad thing).  The homemade meats and cheeses are on beautiful display behind the deli counter along with a wide array of other Italian deli favorites. Since it was the first time trying them out, I ordered the Willie Special because I've heard so many interesting things about it.  It did not disappoint, the meats were so tasty and had the right amount of spice; the cheese and balsamic tasted so fresh and complimented the meats extremely well.  The bread is what made the whole thing come together and this sandwich will be the reason I come back to try some of their other creations.
Many people have said a lot of great things about this place -- all of which I agree with.  So here's the TL;DR version of my review (and probably 99% of all the other reviews here). The place is most popular for the sandwich-making arm of the business.  Order a Willie's Italian Special or a Godfather.  There does not appear to be a good reason not to order one of those.  They will ask you about your desired level of spiciness.  You cannot choose incorrectly. The staff appear to be actors hired to fulfill all the stereotypes & clichés of what you'd imagine an old-school Brooklyn deli to be like. Their antics seem to be carried out solely for the enjoyment of the customers. Purposeful or not, they rarely fail to amuse. Go.
I live on the very same block as Graham Ave Meats and Deli and man am I happy about that. I can't say more than what's been said here before, but the staff has always been extra charming and friendly and the sandwiches... oh the sandwiches.  I love the Italian Special and of course the Godfather. Both are magical.
I have been using yelp for a few years but this is my first review.  I would like to write a review before this place gets on The Best Thing I Ever Ate on the food network.  This was seriously the best sandwich I have ever eaten. Better than katz, better than Al or Mr.Beef in chicago,  its just an amazing sandwich made with love. Of course I got the Willie's Italian Special.   Just try it, its only $8! Do not forgot they also sell meat, got  the homemade hot sausage they were delicious.
Most any deli can make a sandwich thats gonna do the job: meat, bread, some fixins, its hard to go wrong.  Now make that meat roast beef and turkey roasted on the spot, throw in some spicy oil also made in house, and top it all off with a lot of love, and you got the kind of sandwiches this deli delivers.   Oh, expect to wait.  I stress the little bit of love part, and infusing said love into sandwich matter takes time.  These guys know you can't rush excellence, so sit back, enjoy the sites and smells, take in some local conversation, and then revel in sandwich goodness.   Get the Willy, or my personal fav is now the Roast Beast (not on menu) with turkey instead of ham.  The thing weighs about 2 pounds, and usually lasts me three decent meals, for 8 bucks.   Go here.
The Cuban Italian sandwich here is insanely delicious. The sandwiches here are huge, in fact too big! The bread, the meat the seasonings -- perfection. Cash only :(
Graham avenue Meats has been the go to place for my family for many years. I would come into the store as a young girl and Mike the owner of the store was always the sweetest, most respectful person to talk to. Many moons later and the environment here is the same. Respect, quality service and overall a great atmosphere. The home cooked foods are amazing and the sandwiches are to die for. I can't eat for Subway anymore because I'm spoiled with the Godfather and Chicken Cutlet Delight. I can't finish this review without mentioning the cuties that work here. Let me be inappropriate by saying the delivery boy is the sweetest thing ever and is literally as delicious as the sandwiches. Hands down, favorite place to go in the neighborhood. Love the Graham ave crew:]
I'm not here to review the hero, I'm here to review a butcher. And being in this butchers reminds me of being near an Italian kitchen in New York. I grew up with that, that's what I want, that's what I've got. Whoever was in the kitchen always came out & gave me a bit of cheese, or a piece of prosciutto to munch on & as it happens, I manage to get that here, too. "You like spicy?" Why yes, yes I do." And thank you for cramming pieces of food in my face while I wait,  just like my Dad always did while I waited for dinner to sprawl itself out on a table. Prices are absolutely fair & some of it's inexpensive! "I'll have 4 Delmonico steaks, please & thank you. No, not those, these 4 in the front." Call in advance to order your Thanksgiving turkey & tell your butcher how many people you're feeding. He won't lie to you. You wanted smaller, but the next day you still need sandwiches & soup and you'll find that he gave you just the right sized turkey. The turkey was quality, because you told him what you wanted on the phone. You don't want that antibiotic pumped factory bird, or you'd buy Perdue. In fact, he insisted you'd need a bigger bird when you protested a bit. Thanks for that. So, you don't feel like making your Sunday sauce from scratch? It's ok, they've got a marinara in the fridge that you can use to start it with & all the meats that can flavor it. You want a few sides? Try some cherry bomb peppers stuffed with prosciutto & provolone if they're around, or grab something else that suits your tastes. It won't matter. I think what they've got will suit you just fine. I like these guys. A lot. They're good at what they do. They're friendly, they're hospitable, their place is clean, no bad smells, ever, & they run a good shop. I'm never at a loss.
Now on my third time to Graham Avenue, I have learned to hold my temptation for the Chicken Cutlet sandwich with sweet peppers and have moved onto something new. The Philly Pork Sandwich ($7). The Philly Pork Sandwich is their house made roasted pork, broccoli rabe, provolone, hot or sweet peppers, and then whatever dressing you want. It is quite a sandwich, but anything you get at Graham Ave will be 'quite a sandwich'. It is a very delicious sandwich, I don't think you can order anything at Graham and not be satisfied afterwards, but this sandwich needs something and I think I have the answer to this. It needs the juice from the roasted pork and it needs to be ON this sandwich as a dressing. I'm not sure this can happen, but believe me that next time I walk into Graham Ave (probably within the next week), I will bring this up to them. Besides that juice I want on my sandwich, the Philly Pork Sandwich is very, very good. It all works together and provides just enough spice to make you need a sip of whatever you are drinking, but it doesn't make you sweat. Give it a shot if you dare to jump off the bandwagon of EVERYONE getting the Willie's Special or Godfather. I think these guys are tired of making them. Try something else, because it's impossible to be disappointed.
So I never until really understood why anyone would go out of their way and pay more than $5 for a deli sandwich when there's a Subway everywhere in NYC until today... until I finally tried the Godfather at Graham Avenue. HOLY SHIET. Where the hell have I been? I've never had anyone put so much time and care into fixing me a sandwich before. The guy at the counter stacked everything so neatly and I got to see him cut my meat. I dove into my sammich right away and thought, jesus, this is so pretty! There were layers of meat, cheese, balsamic vinegar, tomatoes, greens, and fresh herbs. Did you hear? FRESH HERBS?! Who does that? OMG it was soooo good! Yes, they are big sandwiches for $7.50 but how can you stop eating when there's another delish half waiting for you to finish? yum. I need to come back and try the others and also buy some meat from here, too! I will never be eating a sandwich from any fast food restaurant or a cheap deli ever again.
*This place is far from 'CLOSED' Graham Avenue Meats and Deli is the character of a dying breed. A New York, family run business with father in and out the back room making deals on the side of the counter, while the youngest son works the front and center, thick with accent and charm. The size of the sandwiches are anything but underestimated. A fist of meat in every pack, with fresh cuts and greens complimented by a wide array of spices and dressing. A longer sentence would be needed to give the full breadth and body. I always thought these places were lost to tourists or buried so deep that they nigh exist entirely. There are no frills, a market culled from the early 1950s with hanging dried meats and endless hand scrawled tags of latest specials. With countless homemade meats and dishes, along with Boar's Head deli, this place has everything. Fresh ox tail? You bet your ass. Quail breasts? As if you would doubt!
It was good.  No, it was better than good. Lovely hand crafted with care goodness. Don't get me wrong.  But was it good enough for me to leave Manhattan, take the train out to Brooklyn on a cold day and sit on a bench outside to eat? Enough to bring me back? meh, maybe not. The moral of this story is; I'm a sandwich freak, so it's my own fault that i schlepped to Graham ave for a sandwich.  It's not the sandwich's fault.  But I also live dangerously close to Defonte's 3rd Ave location back here on the island, and in my mind THAT'S sandwich of traveling proportions and quality.   I'm not sayin', i'm just sayin'. that's all.
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said? The sandwiches are MASSIVE and full of meaty love. They are also worth every second you will wait for them to be lovingly handcrafted. I usually get a Willie's Italian Special (you can get it sweet or spicy -they change the peppers and cheese) and share with a friend.  The difference between the Godfather ($7) and Willie's Italian Special ($8) is two kinds of meat vs. three kinds. I don't know what kinds of meat- but they are delicious kinds. Also I have had their sausage bread and proscuitto bread and they are both amazing! $4 a loaf, warm it up in your oven, and I have even made SAUSAGE FRENCH TOAST out of their sausage bread. go, be patient, enjoy
Over the past year the sanwiches have gotten smaller, dryer and now more expensive. The guy who I haven't seen there in a while, tall, middle aged, dark hair very neat always made the best sanwiches.
I had a plan today .  Instead of seating at home all day watching football and ordering pizza, I decided to go out.  The sun was out, the weather was nice and so was I.  My plan:  I went to the Highline and then from there got on the L train at 14th and 8th ave to Graham Avenue to this place.  I suggest you do the same.  I then went home to watch the Giants and their shameful performance against the Cowboys. I got the eggplant parm hero (only $6!) and the godfather hero ($7).  I did not combine the two and eat them together but I did taste both.  The eggplant was very good.  The Godfather sandwich spectacular...I've never seen a deli put so much love and hard work into making a sub.  The two sandwiches were quite the visual contrast.  The artistically layered, varied palette of the meaty godfather sub versus the oily red, slightly smushed looked of the eggplant parm.  Both were delicious. I went at 3:30 pm and there weren't many people there.  It takes almost 10 minutes for them to make a sandwich but it's worth the wait.  The people there are very kind and deserve your money.
I find it hard to be amazed by a sandwich. But I had a spicy "Willy's special Italian," and yes, it's the perfect Italian sandwich. I can't argue with anyone here. They serve other sandwiches, too, but honestly all I saw anyone order was the Willy special or the Godfather.  Oh, and one kid bought some sliced prosciutto.  "You want domestic or imported?" Firemen come here for lunch.  What further proof--?
It feels like home. Those guys in there are my buddies. Never steered me wrong, always knows what's best, and takes care of me like family. Oh-- could it be cause the grandmother is actually in there making half the food! AMAZING. I'm sorry but if you don't like it here, you should leave New York-- find somewhere more suitable--like a subway's or whatever passes for a meal out in the rest of the country cause this place is a gem and it don't get any better than this.
We ordered the Willie and the Godfather spicy.  These Italian subs are heaven!  My friend will now be a regular. Tip: they take credit cards but no Amex.
This place was on our way back home so we decided to stop by and see ourselves what the hype was all about.  I'm very restricted in the type of sandwiches I like, so I wasn't sure what to expect. As recommended on Yelp, we opted for the "Godfather" and the "Willie's Italian Special." and it definitely was one of the best sandwiches I had in my lifetime. Helped that it had loads of Salami in it because I love love love salami. They also SOAKED their meat in their homemade spicy sauce and it added to the amazing homemade taste. Due to the distance though I don't think I'll be going too often, but it is definitely something to try if you are in the NYC area. I LOL-ed reading all the hilarious reviews on here regarding the sandwiches. People are too funny.
Great service and fresh meats!! Once I walked in a guy welcomed me and offered to explain everything on the menu. Great sandwich. I ordered the Godfather.. It was about $9. The only thing I didn't like was the sandwich had balsamic vinegar. I'm a mayo and mustard kinda girl.
This is my 100th review and only my third 5 star rating so I don't just give these away but for the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, no problem. Finally a place that lives up to the hype.  This place looks like a deli should look.  Ordered my italian special (spicy) from one of the friendly dudes behind the counter and watched as he crafted this masterpiece layer by layer.  F you Subway, this is a real sandwich artist.  Nothing is presliced and they season and dress every layer, something I've never actually seen before.  The result is a perfectly spicy, tangy sub with a variety of meats, peppers and cheese.  Good quality bread holds up well to the balsamic and spices.  I can't wait to eat this sandwich again.  Dam my mouth is watering just thinking of it.
OMG We had the Godfather Sandwich.  It was made to order, deli slices of italian meats and cheeses with sundried tomato goodness.  SOOOO delicious.  Definitely worth a stop over and we even ate in the freezing cold.  THe huge downfall was there were no seats but it's a deli so why would there be? The guy behind the counter was super cool and quick.  We would definitely come again!
After reading all the great reviews I decided that last weekend I would have to go out to brooklyn and cross this place off the list... I will see this, I was in no way disappointed. Me and my friend each ordered a sub and decided to split them. We ordered 2 of their specialities that were recommended to us, one spicy and one sweet. The subs were prepared to perfection and you could easily tell how fresh and high quality the meats and ingredients were. Both subs were amazing, very fresh and tasty italian meats and veggies. This place is a home run, check it out!
This place is a damn gem. Absolutely nothing fancy, aside from the downright intimidating array of exotic meats. I had a Willy's Italian (spicy) the other night and it wreaked havoc on my digestive system--but if you can't see that one coming, its your own fault. Still won't be enough to keep me away. Aside from the sandwiches, which are unmatched by anything human hands can create, the meats are just as spectacular. The "Bachelor/Bachelorette Plan" seems well worth the money. For $40 you receive a smorgasbord of meaty delights, more than enough for one, definitely enough to freeze and save. If you find me dead on Graham Ave. with an Italian sausage lodged in the lining of my heart, you know where to find the culprit.
My apartment is approximately a one-minute walk from this place, but since I'm a vegetarian, I thought "oh well, I guess it's not meant to be." Yesterday, I noticed the was an "Eggplant Parmigiana" sign in the window, so I decided I would be insane to not try it out. $6 bought me the tastiest eggplant I've ever eaten in my life, and it was huge! I can only imagine how good the meat sandwiches are. So - incredible sandwiches, low prices, great customer service, and not a franchise. If anyone deserves 5 stars, it's these guys.
Don't be fooled by the generic name. Or the fact that the windows are covered in enough flyers that pedestrians can only see glimpses of the shop's interior. Or the fact that they have a sandwich named "The Godfather." This is the real deal. I ordered the aforementioned Godfather, and watched as owner Michael Virtuoso (featured in the deli's video above) himself prepared for me what can only be considered a work of culinary art. Bread. Spicy Olive Oil dressing. Provolone. Soppressata. Peppers. More Olive Oil. Mortadella. More peppers. Onions. More Olive oil. The resulting creation is what all Italian sandwiches - scratch that, all sandwiches in general - should aspire to be. Substantial, but without clouding the tastes of the individual ingredients. That is the difference between a good and a truly great sandwich. Oh, and it was only $7.
I ordered "The Godfather" and it wasn't as good as I expected.
Ok, Both the "Godfather" and "Willie's Italian Special" were indeed masterful sandwiches. Yes, it was worth the 20 minute wait, and yes, the guys behind the counter were animated and friendly. My ONLY gripe was that we came towards the end of their day, 4:30 on Sunday, and the bread was on the stale-side. To their credit, this probably means that all of the ingredients are fresh daily, just go earlier in the day. To make up for my disappointment in the bread area, I tried a 1/2 loaf of sausage bread for $2. Why don't more people enjoy this warm treat!? It is yummy. I'll be back, next time a little earlier.
I finally made it over to this place.  My brother STILL talks about the sandwich.  And now, my boyfriend talks about it all the time, too. Willie's Italian is truly a GREAT sandwich.  It's also a HUGE sandwich. Also, the guys in the store are super nice and helpful.  The quality of their meat products are good.  The ground beef that I purchased was nice and the burgers came out PERFECTLY.   Y'all are making it impossible for a girl to diet around here.
Highlight of my last trip to Brooklyn. Don't tell my friends... but their company was a close second ;) I was in town for 6 days and literally ate 4 Godfather sandwiches in that time. Though I would classify myself as sandwich-obsessed, I'm generally not a huge fan of grinders; but this was off-the-charts delicious. Thinly sliced meat, a balance of sweet and spicy peppers, fresh bread, and a vinegar finish - Scout's honor, I think it was the best sandwich I've ever had. The deli itself adds plenty of flavor to the experience. It's so quintessentially what you would want an old-school Italian deli in Brooklyn to be (fuhghettaboutit) - but don't just take my word for its authenticity (ah hem ny.eater.com/tags/graham…). Not only that, they are FULLY stocked bucher shop... they carry duckling legs for goodness sake!
This is the real deal. One always hears of a genuine Italian style sandwich, look no more it has been found.
Thank you Yelp...without those who had gone before my life would still be incomplete as I would never have found this gem. It was cold outside, but inside I was greeted by sites and sounds from another time and then... The sandwich whispered in my ear and told me everything would be ok and held me closely until it was all over and I was left with a stain on my pants from the vinaigrette. Willie's Italian Special is the way to go, I've had Spicy (it's HOT!) and mild, next time I'll do sweet and then start over again!
Seriously lived up to and beyond all the yelp hype! Yessss!!! I live around the corner and my friend was in town visiting from Cali so I wanted to take him somewhere to get a real NYC deli experience *thank you yelp!* I actually don't eat any red meat and was a bit hung over so I was really just looking for a plain turkey and cheese sandwich to soak up the residing alcohol... In the middle of a weekday there were about 5 people in front of us and although the line takes a good while it is more than worth the wait! I ordered a honey turkey and munster cheese sandwich (I assume from the "Father" as mentioned in other reviews).. He asked how I wanted it, what I wanted in it and I just mentioned lettuce, tomato, mayo and onion and he slowly convinced me to have him dress it up with his own touches, it wasn't really what I wanted but I couldn't say no to this guy (who obviously takes great pride in his work - well deserved)... WOW OH WOW! It really was THE BEST SANDWICH I've EVER had!!! It seriously BLEW MY MIND!!! I've been salivating over the mere thought of this sandwich ever since! It is also true what everyone says, this IS true sandwich artistry! They really take their time making every morsel the most tastey bit of perfection! yummmmmm My friend also loved his sandwich, the Godfather and could not stop singing its praises! The place is a funky little deli, you wouldn't expect such magic to come out of it by the looks of the outside but don't be scared off, this place is the business! No seating inside or out but the tables by the dog run at McCarren park are nice short walk for a picnic! :)
This is probably the 30th straight 5 star review up here.... This place changed sandwiches for me... ... so that's my photo with him holding the sandwich in his hands, just to give you an idea of how serious this place is.
The godfather sandwich is every deli meat ever in one sandwich. I dont know what else you'd ever want. For $7. You can, and probably should, share this with someone. They give you samples of delicious meats while you wait. Although, I did eat this for breakfast once, and it pretty much ruined my day by putting me into a self induced food coma.
So it has been decided that this is indeed the best sandwich in the world.  The brisket at Fatty Cue still gets a shout but sorry, no comparison. I have been ever Sunday for the last 5 weeks so now I should mention who is the best sandwich maker. The Father, or his two sons Jerry or Chris. Both make a good sandwich but I have to say that after Sunday it is clear, the father still rules the court.  I think his balance of meat blends with cheese put him apart.   Either way, every time. amazing grub.  I. love. this. place. See you Sunday 4pm.
BELIEVE THE HYPE! I can't believed I've lived two blocks from this place for over 5 years and never noticed it until I saw that 5-star rating on yelp. I was having a get together, so I picked up a selection of sandwiches to share. The Amazing Special was the standout, a cheeseburger with ham on a hero roll. Sounds weird, but it was delicious. We also got a turkey club, prociutto and fresh mozzerella and another that I can't remember the name of but it was a traditional italian sub with a mix of cured meats. Everything was delicious and had the perfect ratio of meat to cheese to bread to dressing to greens. The quality of everything was top notch and the guys working there were super nice as well. They have replaced Vito's in Hoboken as my favorite Italian sandwich shop because while the quality of the ingredients at both places is stellar, Graham Ave is better at sandwich crafting. Vito's sandwiches are just too big and too meaty. These are very well balanced sandwiches.
SIMPLY THE BEST! (now keep singing Tina Turner in your head for the remainder of review...) I love this place. I have lived in the neighborhood for 4 years now and continue to be satisfied time and time again. Whether it's taking the crew here for Willie's Italian Special, or ANY sandwich (even ordering a turkey and cheese we were amazed), buying delicious, flavorful meat for our barbeques, or getting one of their newly added breakfast sandwiches (omg the bacon), I leave a happy lady. The service is great and these guys know their stuff. Also they have some good drinks and the dinner side dishes are excellent. I feel very lucky to have this incredible place so close to my home!! Keep it up guys!
These guy mean business, if you want to get not only the most authentic but the best  italian sandwich in brooklyn, you come here. These boys are going to hook you up and put your tongue in taste bud utopia.     When you sink your teeth into a godfather and taste every single one of the ingredient in that sandwich from the extra virgin olive oil to the prosciutto, thats it, they got you! you know you are coming back.     I recommend to take home some dried age steak and there home made sausage because they are  FORGET ABOUT IT!!!!!
Proud To be Italian. No minimum On debit. Molto delizioso!
After making the trek to Brooklyn from reading the excellent reviews, we finally got to this place.  It is NOT what I expected...I was like "Uh, we came all the way here for this place?"  It looks like a little old old old deli, but don't be fooled or turned off.   Supposedly the Godfather is a smaller version of the Willie Italian (only $1 difference).  I got the Willie Italian and I gotta give it to them, the thing is good, and HUGE.  They ask you if you want sweet or spicy.  This is one SOLID sandwich.   For one of my friends it was a little too "sour" or "vinegary", but still the sandwich is sooo worth the $7.   The thing that's cute about this place is that the people working are all legit Italian, and know people by names and have a genuine love for their meats.  Well, that's the feeling I got, I personally don't know much about meats.  What turned me off initially (the fact that it just looked like an old beatup deli) is actually what gives this place character.  They get excellent reviews on yelp because it is an establishment that is honest and not sugar coated.  They put their value in their product, not into a fabricated ambiance.   Love how low key it is.  There are benches outside to sit on, but we went to the park where the hipsters hang.  When in Brooklyn....
this place rocked! the Willie was just as good as i read here. it's truly a meal for two but it was so good i ate this whole thing in one sitting! can't believe i've been in hood for over 10 yrs and never tried it til today! will be back to try the other sandwiches as well meats from the butcher!
Top-notch. The sandwiches are available "spicy" and "sweet", but are also available "mild", which is a combo of the two (and might be the best option for a balanced sandwich). Worth a special trip.
I accidentally found my way into Graham Ave Meats and Deli the other day after misreading the hours on the intended eating destination, however it ended up being one of those good mistakes, and I am looking forward to heading back. Growing up in a predominantly Italian neighborhood of Detroit, I immediately felt comfortable when the man working greeted me as if I had been coming in every day for the last ten years. There were younger guys working as well, who were friendly and hilarious- one of them had a Chucky mask and was walking around with it on with a big butchers knife. I opted for a simple turkey & munster hero with honey mustard, which ended up being incredibly spicy (I'm not complaining, but am still slightly confused as to how it ended up as spicy as it did). My dinner companion ordered 'the godfather', and had the option of spicy or sweet. He went for the spicy, and was not disappointed. I braved a bite of his sandwich and it was indeed spicy, but delicious. The most exciting thing for me was the discovery of a San Pellagrino flavor I had never seen before- 'Chinotto'. Was delicious before I bit into my sandwich, but the flavors didn't quite mingle well together. Am looking forward to trying the Chinotto with desert. Places like this make you feel really guilty for all of the subway/jimmy johns/quiznos ingested over the years.
Sometimes I go Godfather, sometimes I go Willie's Special, both spicy. They're always dripping with mad oilzzz and I. LOVE. IT. Seriously, just thinking about the smell of this place makes my seat moist. You'll also find the smoothest Italian dude in existence in here. His hair is so immaculate, you'd swear this place was a mob front.
Damn fine sandwich, the guys behind the counter are friendly, play good music and unlike most places in the neighborhood, it's not oppressively trendy. Well deserved 5 stars. Oh and it's way cheap too. Like 6-8 bucks for a massive sandwich.
Stopped in after hearing rumors of an amazing meatball park hero... Rumors have been validated!  This place has the flavor of an old school sandwich shop, friendly guys behind the counter.. The meatball parm hero gets an interesting treatment.  The meatballs are "mashed / ground" up a bit creating a hearty, meaty sauce hero with a strong garlic flavor. As in many sandwich shops, the meatballs + cheese were microwaved prior to placement on the roll.  It would always been ideal if the meatballs were simmering in some sauce, hot and ready to go but we can't have everything, can we..? I headed in and went straight for ordering the meatball hero but the menu offers many other interesting "special" sandwiches.. next time I will explore a bit more.
While visiting New York for a week, I was perusing Yelp and decided to give this place a try with a friend of mine. I got the Godfather and sweet sassy molassy, it was the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, and this is coming from someone who eats at Ike's Place in San Francisco with some frequency. The overall experience was helped by the authentic Italian feel and process of watching the man make my sandwich. I'm not sure if he was singing to it as he made it, but damned if it didn't help. It's a ton of food at a great price and I fully recommend it to anyone who desires a religious experience at lunchtime.
My pregnant wife had a craving eggplant parm, so we decided to check this place out. After a little Q and A with the friendly owner I went with the Godfather Special (which from the other reviews seems to be like a slightly smaller version of the what must be gigantic "Willie's Italian Special"). It was the still a massive sandwich, when I thought he was going to stop piling meat on, he just went back for more. He'll make is sweet or spicy, I opted for spicy. It was delicious, easily big enough for 2 meals, and only cost $7. On par with the sandwich was the meatballs, we got 2. They were rich in an almost buttery way, tender and absolutely delicious. I had a bite of the eggplant parmigiana and it was good, also tender with a tasty sauce, my wife loved it, but the sandwich and the meatballs trumped it with pure decadence. It was a great experience, from the service to the food itself, I will be back soon.
I was in a food coma when I first wrote this review. Just wanted to add that I hate wet bead and onions and tomatoes on my sandwhiches and when I get a sandwhich here, it has wet bread, onions and tomatoes.  I still want to devour every morsel, that is how good these sandwhiches are.
Diana S. and I showed up at 6:45pm, hoping to beat the crowd and we did! There was one or maybe 2 other ppl ahead of us and we did have to wait a little bit because as everyone says, they take their time crafting these beautiful sandwiches! We ordered the Sweet Godfather.. cut into 4 pieces (don't ask). The guys behind the counter are SUUUUPER sweet, reminiscent of large teddy bears! We got our sandwich and sat outside on the benches to nomnom. The blend of the proscuitto, random other meats, the balsamic dressing on the warm, crunchy bread was absolutely amazing. Definitely want to return and try the other sammiessss.
Just finished my first sandwich from here- the Willie's Italian, naturally. Let me begin by explaining things I hate: -Bad weather -Tomatoes -Onions that aren't sauteed -Italian sandwiches, or almost any deli sandwich period. I headed here on a day I was fighting a mild flu, on my way to work, in the pouring rain, to get a sandwich that was made up of all things I'd believed were evil. Service was friendly, and true to form, it took 5-10 minutes to make the thing. I believe angels began singing in my head, or at least that's what I felt when I ate this masterpiece! I never knew flavors created sound, but this one creates music straight from Heaven. The BEST cheeses, meats, seasonings I've tasted in just about any sandwich. Seriously. Go out of your way for it, even though there is no seating in there. Eat it anywhere, while walking, on the subway, or while a homeless person in the Bowery beats you senseless. Because when you wake out of that coma, you will smile as you remember the sandwich. I refuse to compare Katz or The Meatball Shop, because all 3 must have been brought to Earth to form the Holy Trinity of sandwiches. And God said it was good. And so it was.
I've been here three times for sandwich.  Always delicious and excellent value.  For $7.75 you can get the Godfather.   It's almost a foot long and packed full of Italian meats and cheeses and peppers and spices and delicious  flavors.   Get it "spicy" if you like having your scalp sweat while eating such that you have to wipe your head in addition to your face.  (it's really not that spicy, but I'm sensitive to it).
Willies Italian Special nuff said. Amazing, just try it, you'll thank me later :)
Best sandwich shop I've ever been to! The consistency is incredible, the service is perfect and the price is insane. I've had around 20 godfathers and 10 willies specials and every one has been identical. You should travel far to have one of these. It may last you 2 days, finishing is no easy task. Just so good!
Just tried this place for the first time. The reviews don't even do it justice. Everything about this place is awesome--the butcher shop, the deli, the fresh pasta. However, the sandwiches...oh man. It's like a whole other level of sandwich that I had never experienced before. The owner practically wrestles the things into existence like sculptures of some kind. I didn't even bother asking what he put in it because I felt it would be an insult to the man. It's places like this that make me love living in this town.
These are my go-to guys for meat, Italian specialties, and everything in between. First off, the customer service here is the BEST....the father and son(s) that run it will go out of their way to make you happy. I once showed up here 10 mins after close, desperate for some ground meat to make ragu, and these guys opened back up just for me. I mean, where else do you find that kind of customer appreciation?? Second, their products are always fresh, top-notch, and awesomely delicious, down to the homemade eggplant parm, the fresh mozzarella (they even have mozzarella di bufala) and the different cold salads, and everything is fairly priced. Since discovering that they had fresh pasta here, I haven't bought dried pasta in the store. AND they have imported hazelnut gelato which I haven't found anywhere else. Third, their Willie's special....god bless him. I once ordered it without dressing (I wasn't gonna eat it for another hour and was scared it was gonna get soggy) and he jokingly says, "you tryin to ruin my sandwich??" Then he gave me two dressings on the side, one spicy and one sweet.  Watching him make the sandwich so lovingly is another testament of why this place deserves an award.
The best cold cuts, meats and sandwiches this side of the BQE.  The homemade fresh mozzarella, sausages, Italian sides, and meat cuts are all awesome and pretty cheap.   The sandwiches are also ridiculous.  I'd recommend the spicy Willie's Special and the Philly Pork Hero.  Good luck eating the whole thing in one sitting .
The place is like Mortadella 101- a comprehsive study of Italian meat. When there are alternatives nearby, the keen businessman learns to discern his craft from the others.... Been in here a couple times and I gather they take great pride in their product while simultaneously offering meat-expertise. They are not friendly to the point where they treat you like friends. The conversation more closely akin to the way a teacher provides guidence. I always go in with questions, and leave with advice, and good product.
If you love Subways, don't come here because you will never want another sandwich from them. This is one of those ordinary places that you would never know about if you didn't hear it from someone else. Willie's Italian Special Sandwich (sweet for me) and the Cubano Italiano are both so AMAZING. They do things to my mouth that I didn't even know it could do. :) NOTE: They do not take credit cards so bring yo cash (or debit - no limit).
Randomly found this deli on Yelp, just by chance, when I saw a photo of the size of the sandwiches. I said to myself that I had to try it and I am glad I did. This deli is easy to get to, just off the BQE. There are typical/special/custom sandwiches. We ordered the Godfather and Italian Special Sandwiches, with the option of sweet (red peppers) or spicy (hot peppers). For a total of $15, these sandwiches were a steal. The guys behind the counter pay a lot of attention to the quality of the sandwich they are serving. Making sure to pile layers of meat/cheese/toppings on both sides of the sandwich to make this huge sandwich you can hardly fit into your mouth. My boyfriend and I are big eaters; we were surprised at how stuffed we were just from eating 1/2 of the sandwich.   You know its good when there is always around 5-7 + people in the deli during lunch. There is no place to sit. People usually buy and bring it back.
What is the best way to enjoy a beautiful summer day? One of them is to just take your bike and ride around the city, or enjoy some great food. Or better yet, do both. So my sis and I took our bikes and biked to Brooklyn all the way from Elmhurst, Queens. I found this awesome place through yelp, and with all the great reviews, we were dying to try this place. "But it's only sandwiches...!" my sis complained. Forty minutes later, we arrived. Didn't really look like much from the outside and inside. When I went in, the sandwich maker had to beckon me to come closer to order. I bet I looked scared when ordering, or intimidated.  I ordered Willie's Italian for me and my sis. After paying for the sandwich, we headed over to McCarren Park to eat. The sandwich looked beautiful. The layers of meat were perfectly layered, and it was assembled to perfection, with nothing sticking out. It was equally delicious, not too vinegary, salty, or anything. The flavors were nicely balanced. The sandwich was huge, but not too messy at all. If I were headed to this area again and wanted something simple and delicious, I would definitely stop by here once more and try their other awesomely crafted sandwiches.
The Godfather Hero ($7) is the same sandwich as the Willie Hero ($8) except Willie has sun dried tomatoes and is slightly bigger. I went for the Willie and it was indeed an awesome hero! I also ordered the chicken cutlet hero, it was good but more bland compared to the Willie (still good though). I'll def be back for more sandwiches in the near future. FYI - the butcher is friendly, even gave me some meats to munch on while I waited for him to make my sandwich. ( I guess he noticed me salivating on his floor and wanted me to stop.) I also decided to try their parsley and cheese sausage wheel, that was flavorful and I would purchase this item there again. The only complaint I have is that, I understand this place may have been here for years, BUT I think they could keep the place a bit cleaner. Enjoy!
FRIENDLIEST sandwich makers ever! After chatting with us while making our yummy Godfather, we sat on the benches outside to eat our sammies before a Yelp event in Brooklyn. They were closing up but were totally fine with "yous sitting here" even after they moved the other benches inside. We got the sweet Godfather this time because Valerie G. doesn't like spicy foods, but I definitely want to try the spicy version next time. The sandwich would be perfect if my prosciutto wasn't so stringy! I'm hoping it was just a one time deal..that or my teeth are not strong enough to cut through delicious meats. I'm hoping it's the former.
Obsess as I do about the deli portion of the business, the sandwiches, specifically Willie's Italian Masterpiece Hero, the synthesis of your most magical antipasto combinations, I have never been let down by the traditional meats portion of Graham Avenue Meats and Deli either. I've lost count of my visits here. Since arriving in NYC about a year and a half ago, I've found no better place to buy better cuts at better prices. And they're handed over trimmed; if you ask, seasoned by the staff. Most importantly to me, things like skirt steak are served fresh, not frozen, and not prepackaged. House-made roast beef, perfectly teetering on the edge of rare and likely bleeding into your wax paper when you go to unwrap it, is a mere $5.99 a pound. Turkey breast is equally as good and only $4.99 a pound. You will not beat either of these anywhere in the city. Or another city. But do know that what makes this place an oasis is the same thing that will frustrate the typical New Yorker: you're going to wait for whatever you want. And you will need to - consider yourself obligated - wait for the old timers being served ahead of you to get everything they want just like they want it. It's like going to the Post Office, but with an opposite approach to customer service. You'll get the same quality as those old timers, long a part of the neighborhood, and attention when it's your turn. There's a single chair in the shop meant for those same old timers to rest their bones while they wait. If you're in it when one of them walks in, give it up. Courtesy is a more serious business here than the subway. Not only is it old-school, it's old-school Italian. Sometimes you'll only get a 4.5 star sandwich at the height of rushes, and the quality depends on who's making it. The toppings and treatments of the Italian Special have never been the same twice for me. But don't dwell on that. It's going to be $8 and very good. Then take your sandwich to McCarren and eat it in breezy bliss. Or walk down to Badame Sessa square at Withers and Leonard for a little quieter place to munch. The old timers here (they're everywhere) will make the experience better too.
This is a great deli but not a transcendent sandwich experience. That said, I had an excellent Willie's Special yesterday that I would love to eat many more times. The sandwich meats were soaked in a healthy dose of balsamic vinegar which was an uncommon and delicious idea. This however doesn't make for a good traveling sandwich since the bread gets soggy fast, so don't plan on taking these anywhere by G train. The bread was good but still no match for the City Sub rolls, which continue to be New York's golden standard in my eyes. Also, there could have been more cheese. The deli carries innumerable goods and ready-to-eat lasagnas that I am eager to try. Next time though I'll have to see what that Godfather is like.
Ok...Since my last review - I have been here several times. I have even waited on line for 20-25 minutes because it's that good. I love it here... I come from a very Italian family - Italian was my first language and this place reminds me of delis my mother/father used to take us to when I was a kid. From the smells, to the chatter, everything. I love that I can get cold cuts (4 diff kinds), rice balls, fresh mozarella, sauce, ravioli, bread and for the total to be $25 or less. When I was in here today - two older Italian women came in with trays of food and went straight to the back, kissed the father/son at the counter and proceeded speaking Italian. Love. I also love that they have Locatelli (my most fav cheese for pasta ever). If I was pre menstrual right now (sorry guys) - I'd probably be crying tears of nostalgic joy writing this...but...I'm not ...Just really happy this place is in the neighborhood. This deli is making me rethink a move near the bedford stop and stay along Graham. Seriously.
This is my favorite deli in New York.  Perfect spot to go to before a trip to Brooklyn Brewery, well that's what we did.  My girlfriend and I got the chicken cutlet sandwich and the Philly pork sandwich and they were both amazing. The broccoli rabe and hot peppers in the Philly pork make the sandwich, aside from the fresh sliced pork.  The chicken in the chicken cutlet is perfect and the fresh mozzarella together are perfect.  It was only about $15 for both sandwiches, which is an great deal for the amount of flavor in these two sandwiches.  Staff is great.. We had to go right before we left New York to come back to Los Angeles.  Check it out, I would recommend other sandwiches but I have only tried these two and they are totally worth it.
I had the Cuban, several friends had the godfather or regular sweet turkey sandwiches. I will say that the reviews over-hype this place a little, but it's still really good and a nice place to get a sandwich.  The price is amazing: $5 for a gigantic sandwich! Overall, it's a friendly place that makes quality sandwiches for a great price.  Several friends live in the neighborhood so I'll probably eat there again, but I wouldn't say it's one of those landmark places that you have to travel from another borough to check out. Many other reviews don't really mention that this place also has great groceries like Italian pastas and sausages that you can take home to cook. My only real gripe is that they don't sell bags of chips!  When I'm eating a sandwich I gotta have chips!
Consistently impeccable service & products.  The staff is a hoot & love their classic rock.  Their butchering skills can't be faulted and they give helpful tips on how to cook their meats.  House made sausages & fresh mozzerella--this is what all delis should aspire to be. And yes, the sandwiches ARE that good.
I rarely give out five stars so when I give it, I really do mean it! The guys working there really know their meats!  Great service too by the way! I was debating between the Italian Special and the Godfather Hero.  Basically the guy was telling me UNLESS you are really hungry just go with the Godfather Hero.  Because the other one is the size of your head! They really know their meats!  I'm usually a hot sandwich kinda girl, but this cold sandwich is delicious. They layer the meat, greens, sauces, to perfection.  When you take a bite you taste how everything compliments each other!  My friend got the chicken cutlet and she couldn't stop raving about it. I have to admit its one of the best cold sandwiches I have eaten! p.s. there are no seatings sooo you can sit on the bus stop in front of it!
Incredible sandwiches--The Willie's special is always changing and always a mountain of delicious ingredients--great meat cuts, and mouthwatering italian specialties. They even stock Urban Detox, which is a lifesaver on certain weekends.
This deli reminds me of a deli near where I went to college, Se-Port Deli for all you, Seawolves (yes, that was our mascot and yes, I am embarrassed) due to the massive size of sandwiches from both places. Then I bit into one of the sandwiches we ordered from here (Godfather) and there is NO way that sandwiches from Se-Port compares to sandwiches from here. My my, these are so tasty! You have the option of spicy, sweet or mild and spicy is the way to go! I was thoroughly pleased with our orders (spicy godfather, spicy Willie and a veggie sandwich) except the spicy Willie was too spicy for me :( 3 sammies came out to $22 bucks! We drove out to Lido Beach on LI and ate them - can't wait to go back! *The guys behind the counter are funny. However, they don't really have an efficient system of getting orders out. My guy was preoccupied with like 5 orders, going back and forth between orders so it took almost 25-30 minutes for our sandwiches to be done.
It's official. The Godfather, one of the best sandwiches you will ever taste. The guy gives you a choice Spicy, Mild, or Sweet when ordering. I tried the spicy. He puts one layer of meat, followed by a seasoning or dressing. It's not a sandwich to the guy, it's a work of art. He handles your sandwich as if it was his first born. Trying the mild tomorrow, then the sweet on Thursday.
I have been here a handful of times to buy meat -- they are excellent butchers with great quality cuts. Today was the first time that I decided to go have one of their famous sandwiches.  I ordered a roast beef sandwich, spicy, however they wanted to make it for me.  After a little time, I got my hero... only $6 dollars!  I left and nearly skipped home, giddy, with the sandwich tucked in my arm like a newborn baby (or game-winning football if you prefer that analogy).  So, I get home and it promptly goes IN MY FACE!  It's all I can do to only eat one half, knowing that I'm full and I'll want the rest later. It's a flavor explosion of greatness and I need more.  Even sitting here, writing this, all I can think about is the half of sandwich on my radar and I suspiciously watch every one of my roommates when they open the fridge.  I am now, officially, hooked. This place is family-run and a lot of care goes into everything they make.  Take a deep breath, exhale, let your mind relax and forget your troubles while one of these guys carefully crafts your dreamwich.
Had half a Willie's Italian and half a godfather. The sandwiches are large, good but nothing to impressive. Basically, this place is an Italian butcher gone hipster-sandwich-place. It's nice, but nothing to exciting.
This is as old school as it gets. I brought my mom there who grew up in Greenpoint and she said the counter guys remind her of some of the guys she used to hang out with back in the 70s. Had a long conversation with one of them about the neighborhood and he was an encyclopedia of the history of it. I had the Godfather and it  felt like it had 2lbs of meat on it; and damn is that meat amazing. Their aged and dried meats that they use for the sandwich are imported from Italy and he told me that sometimes they run out towards the end of the month. This place is a neighborhood institution and Brooklyn is better for it.
I'ma let you finish, but the Wilie special is the best sandwich of all time. Also I should mention that these people are artists. If you go in and say, "my wife's vegetarian and also hates eggplant" they don't just take the meat out of a godfather and give it to you. They actively enjoy working with your needs to come up with the best sandwich possible within your parameters.
This is THE legit Italian deli your mind conjures when thinking "Brooklyn". The sandwiches are gargantuan and, for the size, reasonably priced. Fresh bread stuffed with fresh (and moutwatering) meats, cheeses, and veggies. You really can't go wrong no matter what you order.  Willie's Italian Special comes packed with mortadella, soppressata, capicola, provolone, arugula, and peppers (mild, hot, or sweet), all drizzled with real balsamic. The Godfather bursts with prosciutto, genoa salami, ham, fontina, and the same arugula/pepper mix, substituting extra virgin olive oil for the balsamic.  The sandwiches are addictive and delivery is quicker than expected.
I've passed this place all my life. One day I stopped in after seeing a line out the door on more than one occasion. Let me tell you, this is as good as it gets. No joke, they are artists working in deli meat and sandwiches. I recently had them cater a big party. I was the best decision I ever made. They were attentive and great. The owner's son Jerry worked with me answering all of my questions, and was very honest and didn't try to sell me on all kinds of food I didn't need. He steered me in the right direction. In the end, they came in almost half-price what other places wanted, AND delivered the same stellar taste and quality I love the place for. THANKS SO MUCH! It was a big win. Their food was a hit of the party.
This place may have the best sandwich on the planet. seriously. best. That, along with the cast of characters that work there make it a gem. Thus far I have met the father, two sons, a cousin, and an uncle (who does not make sandwiches I was told). The first time we came in the kid behind the counter gave us a rundown of everything on the Godfather and Willie's Italian sandos and ended his incredibly detailed schtik with, "oh yeah and it's clearly made with love"... Needless to say, we were sold! Now as a Graham Ave faithful, I regularly come in and order the Willie's sweet (you need to order the sando spicy or sweet) and always end up picking up fresh parm and frozen tortellini's. As a note this is clearly not Subway and the sandwiches are artfully crafted, which means you may be waiting a few minutes. It's worth it. Also, not cash only - they happily take debit cards!
You want Willy's Italian Special.  Trust me.  Get it spicy for the extra kick, even if you don't like spicy food.  The thing I love most about this place though is watching the guys meticulously prepare each sandwich.  All the meat and cheese is sliced on the spot.  Peppers and greens carefully tucked into the bread.  Sure it takes three times as long as a trip to Subway but believe me when I say that the next time you think "Eat Fresh," you'll think here.  Easily the freshest ingredients I've ever had on a sandwich. Only complaint to the kid making my sandwich is to do a better job of covering your mouth when you cough.  Don't need that stuff floating around my food.
These guys make sandwiches and cut meat like its an art! Cut cut here, shake shake there, and a squirt squirt to finish it off (pause). Sandwiches are stacked and tasty and you never know what meat you will get with the Willies Special or the Godfather.  I just tell them what kind of sammie i'm in the mood for and the rest is up to them. The pork loin sandwich is amazing as well. In fact, I'm going to head over there now.
I stopped by today after seeing these reviews on yelp. I have to say, I was not disappointed. The guys that work there were so nice and the turkey sandwich.....oh my goodness. The meat just melts in your mouth. It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I will be back again soon.
I've had the Godfather and the Willie's Special.  Both pretty damn good.  Both pretty damn filling. It seems difficult to get fed for less than 15-20 dollars in NYC.  Not so at Graham Avenue Meats and Deli. I also walked with a 4.99 pound of turkey that was labeled homemade.  It was not as great as I had hoped for and expected but was solid for the price.   If I could I'd give it 4.5.
It was my first time there and I ordered the willie special .... yummy you won't be disappointed! Great Shop Great people! Period!
Best sandwich you'll ever have.  If you order something that's not on the menu, you may get a really good deal because they sort of intuit what they think the price should be.
This place is amazing. This place has that rustic NYC deli feel. I don't think you can really go wrong with anything on the menu, but if I was going to recommend something it would be the godfather sandwich.. This thing is fire.
YUM! If you are looking for authentic Italian cuisine, look no further.  You have found the mecca of mozarella, the epitome of eggplant, the perfection of peppers, and the glory (oh the glory!) of the godfather sandwich. This is a family run establishment that handles their food with pride.  All food is fresh and impeccably prepared.  I was told that most recipes go back generations in their family, and the taste is certainly authentic. Try the lasagna or the eggplant parmegian.  Or, if you're cooking at home, opt for a container of their vodka sauce.  It will unquestionably be the best sauce you'll ever have.
I've been here many times, the first time I tried the Italian Special I instantly thought of my dad, cause he loves a good sandwich. With hard crusty bread and lots of flavor. He came into town this week and I took him, he said it's probably the best sandwich he's ever had. I'm obsessed with Willies Italian Special!
I love these guys! They're so charming! The spicy italian special is the most amazing sandwich ever. I get all of my pasta and meats here. Once when I got a pork loin, the father even did the rub for me. The hot sausages--I dream about them. Cheap too! Who needs hipster butchers when you've got these guys? No ironic mustaches, tattoos, or cheap monday jeans.
True sandwich artists. They are craftsman and put a lot of love into every sandwich. It's a little old school, a little experimental (always new sandwiches they are testing) and always fresh. For your first time, try the Willie Special -- you won't be disappointed.
Fantastic service. Fantastic sandwiches Fantastic meats. The Willie Special sandwich is one of the best around. I love their bacon wrapped pork tenderloins. Reasonably priced unlike the hipster joint Meat Hook nearby. top notch!
Holy sh*t... Do yourself a favor and get The F*cking Godfather. Spicy. It's unbelievable.
This place is alright, the Yelp hype machine is going way too hard. They make a good sandwich for a decent price, but you can definitely find a better quality sandwich if you attempt to travel into Brooklyn proper.
I'm not going to repeat how awesome the sandwiches are - everyone has that covered. I will point out that they have amazing meats to go; check out the mozzarella and red pepper chicken pinwheel, chicken cutlets, stuffed eggplant with mozzarella along with their large selection of local meats, chicken, lamb, etc. Friendly staff there as well!
I'm not going to bore you with a hyperbolic, eloquent novella about my state of mind, my arduous journey, or my cat's wavering emotional state while describing this sandwich.  You don't care, you want to hear about the Willie's Italian Special. This sandwich is next-level.  It takes about 10-15 minutes to make, and the end result will result in a conversation-less meal with your sweetie where you can't even bear to look at each other in the presence of something obviously greater.  It's the aggro-crag.  It's Peter Bowles' moustache.  This IS sparta.  Okay maybe I got a little hyperbolic.  Just go eat it.  Help make them into the "next big thing" they deserve to be.
I almost don't want to get the word out about this place for selfish reasons, but the guys running the place are so nice I want them to get the recognition they deserve. These sandwiches are awesome. I live down the street and often work from home. I'm heading over there in half an hour to get a giant, amazing sandwich. These things are made with care and great ingredients.  Expertly seasoned and tailored to your tastes. Go get one.
This Willie sandwich is unreal. If I worked close to this place you would catch me there at 11:45 beating the lunch crowd.
This is my go-to place for an Italian sandwich!  It's a bit of a walk for me to get to and the sandwiches are a little salty for my liking they get 4 stars for satisfying my cravings close to home!
The sandwich here is awesome. I would really recommend this place if you're craving a delicious unique sandwich. They added balsamic vinegar to give it a nice acidic kick which i like. The only problem is the location if you're coming from Queens. But it's worth the trip if you have time to go out on an adventure.
For a place called "Graham Avenue Deli and Meats," this gem also makes an unbelievable vegetarian hero. The ingredients vary based upon what's around as well as the sandwich maker's idea at the moment. I have had a few of these at this point- some common ingredients include fresh mozzarella, eggplant, sautéed broccoli rabe, Italian peppers, and these excellent squash or cauliflower patties they make. This deli consistently goes above and beyond and is a must-visit.
Definition of good service and good food. You're an individual here, not just another number. First off, they greet you. Yes, it's small and a very mom and pop shop type of feel. I was new to the neighborhood, and needed help choosing one, and they pointed in the direction of the infamous godfather. Gosh, I saw em make it, and it looked like it was perfected. 3 types of different meats, cheese, onions, embodied inside a toasty piece of bread. Topped off with oil, and a dash of pepper and salt. MADE TO PERFECTION. Super juicy, super delicious. Had all sorts of flavors, and everything you really need in a sandwich. The staff are super nice also! They love to chat and loooove feed back on the sandwiches. I was impressed...very impressed. if you're in the neighborhood you must try. Also, there are 90238409283 other kinds of meats around, basically if you desire it, they got it, yes, this includes veal. Bummed they didn't have dog meat though.... JUST KIDDING. PS. you order and sit outside,or you go next door to the coffee shop :)
I'll keep this short and to the point...best sandwich I have ever had!
What's the difference between the Godfather and Willie's Italian special?  Willie's is just a bigger version of the Godfather for $1 more.  Ok now that we've gotten that out of the way... I really like this place.  You can't tell but the macho guys behind the counter were very courteous and respectful.  I felt very at home when ordering.  The sandwich was filled with a slew of italian meats with roasted peppers, lettuce and topped with vinegar.  It was delish, the meats were cut paper thin but full of flavor   I thought the Italian bread was a little hard and would've preferred a softer bread.. a crisp french baguette would've been a better fit.  This is up there with my favorite subs... also see Wegman's Danny's Favorite!
I think this place is over rated. I came here for the first time to try the Godfather because of the raves on Yelp.      The service was good and the sandwich was really good. I had the balsamic in it, so you can't save it for later because it would be too soggy. And I think there was bologna in it, which was the only downside to the taste.   I had plenty of other sandwiches called the Godfather. This one is up there on taste, but I think it's just as good as the Godfather from "The Brother's Deli" in West Hempstead, Nassau County on Hempstead Turnpike. Check it out!
bucatini the godfather meatballs you totally WOULD stab your grandma's eyes out for at about $1 per the sweetest, sweetest things behind the counter: 1)they're sweet! 2)they didn't blink when i told them that i can't handle mortadella and still made me the fattest, phattest godfather ever--i bet marlon brando did not have this in his pants even when he was stanley 3)it was a snowy, wet day and i was bedraggled. they chatted me up so i felt like i was heading the macy's thanksgiving parade! 4)they will offer you their unfettered opinion and smile like michaelangelo at himself 5)the son who took my order figured out immediately that i'm deaf and was totally normal about it. he even cracked a coupla jokes. if he'd given me a cellophane ring i'd have said yes OWNER AND SONS, PLEASE TAKE NOTE: you have meatballs spelled  wrong. it's P-E-R-F-E-C-T-I-O-N. could you please start selling crack pipes alongside? much obliged.
Tried the Godfather based on all the reviews here. It was a large sandwich, but I wasn't a fan. The bread was tough, the greens were bitter and it was overly salted, all of which overpowered the other ingredients.
i hate waiting. the subway, getting coffee, anything. if it takes longer than 30 seconds, i'm over it. So i was incredibly surprised to find myself waiting in line at Graham Avenue Meats & Deli for 20 minutes this past Sunday. The rave reviews on Yelp and the promise of a mind-blowing sandwich couldn't be ignored. The place is a museum of NY, Italian-American history complete with Yankees photos, pictures of Mama and amazing looking food. The father and son duo creating the sandwiches worked quickly (the place was mobbed by the time i reached the front of the line) but, it was  obvious they took pride in their business and their product. carefully layering meats, cheeses, sauces and vegetables to each customer's sandwich. But the thing that most held my attention and kept annoyance at bay was the anticipation of this highly touted sandwich (Willy's Italian special to be specific). i was not disappointed...the sandwich was AMAZING. i've struggled in finding the proper way to describe the sandwich and i've decided i can't capture it in words. You need to go to Graham Avenue Meats & Deli and try for yourself. It is definitely worth the wait.
Shout out to my man Willie.  The man is becoming famous.  I don't know whether he invented the sandwich or if it is just named after him.  The only thing I know for a fact is the monstrosity that is Willie's Italian Special.   Ever had an Italian BMT (biggest, meatiest, tastiest) from Subway? Well they should rename that.  This sandwich deserves that BMT moniker.   So you travel a little bit for this sandwich, but if you've got the time or are in the neighborhood why not?  It's decently priced at $8 compared to other places that will put you over $10 for less.   So your sandwich doesn't get made in under 20 seconds, so what?  The longer time they take to create this sandwich is well worth it.  The meats, cheese, and veggies are all sliced to order.  Not sealed and shipped in plastic bags.  Plus, they use only the best ingredients.  Mike was telling us how he will cure some of his own meats but if someone else does it better than him he will bring it in. The owner/workers are also super nice and down to earth people.  According to Mike, this shop has been around for over or close to 100 years with him taking over in the past 25.  Wouldn't it be nicer to support a small local business loaded with history then some bigger corporate shops?  I think so.   But back to the sandwich, it's good. Make the trip to Williamsburg and try it at least once.  I could use another one right about now.
Okay. (Deep breath) In terms of flavor, these definitely aren't the best Italian sandwiches in New York City. The sandwiches at Alidoro, in my opinion, are tastier and more flavorful. But, wait! Don't crucify me yet. I'm not done. Graham Avenue Meats and Deli is an experience, and that is where it becomes exceptional. The guys behind the counter are friendly, chatty, and funny. I wish I could grab a beer with them and spend a few hours just shooting the shit. Lunch here is like a mini-vacation to the old New York we all imagine. Also, it's hard to compare the "fancier" sandwiches at a place like Alidoro to the hearty, down-to-earth, food-bomb-in-a-roll type sandwiches they serve here. The food at GAM&D is decent and thoughtfully-made, but that's it. It's the atmosphere and staff that truly deserve five stars.
I like Graham's cooked food better than their sandwiches. And that's not to say their sandwiches are bad. Far from it. But I pretty much fell in love with their eggplant parmigiana and egg wash fried squash. Both held on to their flavor after two days in the fridge and a reheat. As far as deli sandwiches go, they're decent. They use Boar's Head, which tastes like all other Boar's Head meats, and the Italian bread is the standard cotton candy texture. It's the toppings, such as sweet peppers, tomatoes and muzz, which have a extra punch of taste. And yes, you get nice size sandwiches. It's also nice to see a strong family business survive in Corporate NYC.
My friend brought me the Italian special sandwich the other day.  OMG amazing!  I can't think of a better sandwich I've had.  They are so big, I can't image eating the entire thing at once.  The best meaty sandwich I've ever had.  Just thinking about it makes me want one right now
This is a good spot to grab a hero if you're in the hood. Not the best in the city.. but good for the hood. Nice cuts of meat too. On the down side, I don't need some 15 year old kid with glasses giving me attitude behind the counter.  Gabagoo'
Woohoo! As good as it gets! indeed!!! Great service, great sandwiches!  A must try if you're a local, new yorker, tourist, vegetarian, carnivore, anorexic or a bigorexia!!  I had the Godfather and the Willy B Sandwich btw.... MmmmMMmMM!!!!
Hands down the best Italian sandwiches I have ever had. The godfather and willies special are always solid choices. The special GLV is amazing too, has eggplant. The chicken delight is solid. My friends have had the amazing special, has hamburger meat and they said it was good. Worth every penny, walk on the wild side and order one without asking what's in it.
These sandwiches made all deli sandwiches before it look like little bitches. They were original, all ingredients were super fresh, and the place smelled amazing. It was small, and the only place to eat is a park bench out front. However, the guy who made our sandwiches was hot as were a couple other employees. My friend had the godfather, a cold sandwich with some spice. I had the amazing special a hot sandwich with hamburger patty, fresh mozzarella, prosciutto.  Both were delicious.
Dizzying amount of choices. Neighborhood vibe. Sandwiches that make you realize everything eaten before, was fast food.
Good, but not worth the trek out to Brooklyn if you are based in Manhattan. No seating to eat. If you are going to go, the Spicy Godfather isn't bad.
Get the spicy Willies special! Can't go wrong! Great sandwich!
Another gem!  This place has an old neighborhood vibe to it.  It has that brooklyn northside attitude that shows they believe in what they do.  Integrity is hard to find now a days but these guys keep it real!  The guy making sandwiches when asked with goes on the special says whatever i feel like when i am making it.  hahaha.  All of the coldcuts are sliced to order on each sandwich and piled high.  It is an old school deli that does things simply and deliciously!  Def get yourself to this place for sandwhich.
Best sandwich ever. bring a magazine to read while you're waiting for your sandwich... but it's worth the wait every time.
It's true what they say: Willie's Italian Special is a transcendent sandwich experience.
The Godfather and the Willie's Italian Special are your go to moves. Really not much to say that hasn't been espoused in other 5 star reviews, it just deserves more 5 star reviews. Perfect ammount of meat to bread to toppings and cheese. Get nike on it.
Get The Godfather. Spicy. Thank your mother for bringing you into this world, allowing you to experience something so moving.
This is maybe my favorite place in NY.. not my favorite butcher shop but just my favorite place to go. Its obvious as you step in the door that its family owned.  usually when i go its mike the owner and 1 or two of his sons.. obviously  mike lays down the law when it comes to his boys and customer service cause they are always nice and polite with no teenage attitude.   The first thing i ever got here was a few lamb chops and they some of the best cuts of meat i have ever had.  everything i have gotten since has been the same quality.  even the ground sirloin (only $3.49/lb)seems to be better than anywhere else.  everyone speaks of the sandwiches which are also pretty good.  i have only had one of the vincents specials and it was definitely pretty good but way to much black pepper for me. i feel like i enjoyed watching mike make it more than i enjoyed eating it.  it was as if he was sculpting a masterpiece.. he is surely someone that takes great care and pride in his work and i thank him for that. i think i have to try another sandwich next time i go ... im sure they are good and maybe i'll just ask for a little less pepper i come here from out in bushwick a few times a week cause its a great place.. i highly recommend it
This shop has the best fresh sandwiches in brooklyn. Spicy Willies dressed up is amazing. Chicken Cutlet and fresh Mozzarella was great too. Watch out for the line, but these guys at the shop are friendly and work fast~
Dropped in because I was craving to try a new sandwich joint. Got to say, the guys behind the counter are awesome. Friendly, helpful and classy. Had the Willie's Special, pretty good. Packs a lot of flavors and spices; however they sorta just becomes one taste after a while that tends to get messy and all over the place.
Yum. Great sandwiches. The Godfather spicy is delicious. Thanks to Yelp for discovering this place.
I love this place!  Go there now.  These are what sandwiches are supposed to look like.  They are not playing around here.  I have to admit I was reluctant to go to a sandwich shop in Wiliamsburg, but these guys do it right.  Got a great italian sub there.  Come hungry.  If more people in Williams burg ate here, maybe skinny jeans would go back out of style.  We can hope, right?
The willy special is lots of expensive italian meats with lots of expensive balsamic vinegar on it. You could eat one to yourself but you'll live longer if you split it. They don't skimp on the cured hams so while it's kinda pricey that stuff is expensive and they really give you enough of it.
gawd i love this place. best sandwiches in brooklyn. and definitely in contention for best sandwich in new york. it's not original in any way. the godfather sandwich adheres to the recipe for all "godfather" sandwiches in new york. but you know what? they do it well. very well. good meats, good veg, good dressing, and the spicy is excellent. it's better than any other i've tried to date. the shop itself, it's homey, it's small, it's out of the way, and it's all family. the kid making my sammich is the owner's son, the other guy is the cousin. it's old school and new york and i love it. btw the owner's son is a natural salesman. kid knows his stuff, and has that extra charm that makes you feel like yeah, maybe you should bring some sausage links home for dinner. not saying he shouldn't go to college, but he's a good kid, and it's a good family business. just saying.
Pretty, pretty, pretty good. Still prefer a sandwich from Parisi Bakery, hands down.
Great place!  The sandwiches live up to the hype and the portions are generous.
The Godfather sandwich was huge and tasty. It's a 2 meal type of thing.
on our way to staten we decided to stop at this deli to grab something we had " THE GODFATHER "... and barabim barabum! its an offer i cant refuse!!! it was so good!!! cant wait to bring my friends here
Wow.  The sandwich here is absolutely amazing.  I went with the godfather hero and was asked if I wanted it sweet or spicy.  I decided to go with spicy and witnessed the creation of a beautiful thing.  The man seemed to really love making this sandwich and it shows.
Unbelievably consistent.  There's nothing I can say here that hasn't already been said.  Bellisimo!
I've had other extremely good sandwiches in my life, but I haven't had a better sandwich that I did here. Go here and eat a sandwich. Willie's Special or the Godfather (Spicy) are standouts, but everything is excellent. The prepared foods are a sleeper knockout.
Just throwing in another five star review for these guys. Incredible sandwiches. Tip them well!
Been here a handful of times.   Pros:  Great food.  subs are always a hit to each party i've gotten it for.  Godfather sandwich is the bomb. Con:  Cleanliness is not the best.  The last time I went, guy grabbed the steak w/ his barehands, and then took my money with the same hands.  Can't see him washing his hands before the next customer..
Willie's Italian Special (spicy).
Hands down the best sandwiches, meats and cheeses! I dream often of the hot eggplant parm sandwich with extra sauce! TDF!!! All the guys that work there are awesome and friendly and who doesnt love Grandmom! She makes me happy!
The godfather or whatever they call their traditional italian hero is literally the best sandwich Ive ever eaten.
Someone hold me. That sandwich was so good I need a cigarette now! It was hands down the best Italian combo I have ever had!! The owner is old school Italian and his mom is in there cooking and cleaning. I love these people! I told him I would like to pick my own meats and he said no problem but asked if he could "dress it up his way". I said sure. Then he asked "sweet or spicy". I said sweet. He proceeded to make the most beautiful concoction I have ever seen! Talk about making something with love?! I am a fan of this place for life. This place closes at 7 and at 645 there was a line almost out the door ... Go find out for yourself! It's magical! Mangia!!
It's been almost a week since I tried my first Willie's Italian Special.  Not a day has gone by since then that I haven't thought about that sandwich.  Words cannot describe how amazing the Italian Special is, all I know is that I never want to eat another sandwich ever again that isn't from this place.
Every time I come I order the (whatever the big italian sammie is called) spicy and add chicken cutler... and every time the person making it says they've never done it before and get kinda excited... then they charge me a random amount (usually below $10) and I eat it with complete satisfaction... but I'm kinda fat.  I got a pic uploaded if you wanna salivate.
I should preface this by saying that Italian subs are perhaps my favorite food. They have been for about 15 years. Te best sub ever was the Delaware Sub Shop in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, but unfortunately it no longer exists. Without a doubt this is the best Italian sub I've eaten in NYC. Granted, I haven't been to Torrisi Brothers, but this place is fantastic. Yes it took them awhile to make the sandwich, but whatever, I was in no rush. PS. It kicks the crap out of Lorimer Meat Market. I will never bother with that place again. They are bitter dudes and their take on the Italian is pretty gross.
Love the new benches outside! Now people can sit for a moment and enjoy their food and the Graham Ave parade of neighborhood characters each day, year round. It's great for the community.
Just went here with two friends, we got 2 Willies and one Godfather, spicy and sweet varieties both covered. Got home, sat down, and for the next ten minutes all that was uttered between us was "Wow." "Wow"... "uh... WOW." "Wowwwwwww." SO GOOD. Top-notch ingredients, and incredibly generously and expertly applied. And, the folks there are super-friendly, efficient and professional. Across the board, 5 stars. Wish I could give it 10! Thanks, Graham Ave. Meats and Deli!!
I went here for the first time yesterday after passing it by a bunch of times. Why I ever waited I don't know and I could kick myself for it because this place is legit!!!! I wanted to get the chicken cutlet but was informed by the dude behind the counter that they only do hot foods on Thursdays and there's no menu, it's whatever he decides to cook for that day (which lets you know its going to be good). I decided to try the Godfather sandwich after seeing it in photos from fellow yelpers, and had him make it with both sweet and spicy peppers (FYI spicy means spicy) After a short bus ride home I opened that sucker up and it was as delicious as everybody made it out to be. My girl and I shared it and when I woke up this morning she looked at me and said "I want one of those sandwiches for breakfast". So here I am about to throw some clothes on and make the trek, and this time we will be trying Willie's Italian Special.... Hells yeah cant wait!!!!!!
These sandwiches could feed a small family for a week!! And great tasting too!
These are definitely the best sandwiches I've had on the East Coast, and possibly the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.  The Godfather has so many flavors and yet not a single one is overpowering.  The roasted peppers are fresh and delicious, the hots are spicy but not mouth searing, and the meats are incredibly flavorful.  The bread is the perfect mixture of soft inside and crisp outside, and the seasonings are great. I highly recommend this place.
Super friendly and delish!
Little deli on Graham Avenue that is actually more of a Italian cafe than anything.  The place is run by a older Italian couple who are very nice.  When I used to stop in here for egg creams I felt like I was visiting my Grandmother (if she was Italian).  I don't drink coffee but I imagine this would be a nice place for a cappuccino or espresso drink.  The egg creams are definitely very good on a hot summer day.
fiance LOVES a good sandwich. especially when it's large and cheap (for nyc). graham ave meats and deli satisfied the above requirements and did it with a smile and deliciousness. therefore, i can't give them less than 5 stars (however, i do think that "the bomb" at sal and kris's in astoria, is still better. the two of us can share one and be full). we ordered both the $7 godfather (with sweet peppers for me) and the $8 italian special (with a few spicy peppers for him). the guy behind the counter said that they're the SAME sandwich, only different sizes. hard to say which was better. i think we actually enjoyed having both because then we could mix it up. high quality bread and ingredients. took the guy over 10 minutes to make the sandwiches - they're very involved sandwiches!
This is by far the best sandwich shop I have ever visited. Be prepared to wait in a very long line but it's worth every minute that you stand there. Plus you get to marvel at all the pork, meats and fresh sausage and prosciutto baked breads on the counter amongst other things while you wait. Just look at some of these pictures of the sandwiches with all these herbs and spices. There is really nothing that comes close to how good these sandwiches are made. You would never expect this place to be anything different then your ordinary neighborhood deli from the outside but inside it's all just bliss and deliciousness. A+
The best sandwiches
Man, I am blown away. I did not know what a sandwich was before I came here. What we call a sandwich in Norway is a joke. I ordered the godfather, after reading about it on Yelp. And damn did it live up to its promises. Heavenly good, and cheap to boot. I can not do anything else than recommend this place to everyone.
Right under the BQE overpass is this little find of a sandwich place in Brooklyn. Despite it being labeled as a meat shop, it has an extensive list of some of the manliest sandwiches in NYC. This ain't your hot pressed panini joint. This has all the feel of your classic old italian deli including deli workers that look like a casting call for the next Scorsese movie. This joint is very tiny. No seating. Just a counter, pretty much. Having read all the good reviews, I decided to order the "Godfather" sandwich. I will spare you the lame movie quotes and just say it was a pretty amazing sandwich. All the ingredients were as fresh as they could be and they didn't skimp on the meat. It was your typical large sandwich you can come to expect at a real italian deli. I tried to figure out what was in it and all I could piece together was that there might have been pepperoni, lettuce, sweet peppers, provolone, salami. It was all kinda hazy because the sandwich went pretty fast. Kinda shooting blanks by calling it "The Godfather" when there's no prosciutto involved, but whatever. Guy went a little nuts with the oil and vinegar but it worked out. Not quite the perfection of Defonte's in Red Hook, but does the job. If I am ever back this way again it's a safe bet that I will stop in to try the other sandwiches. We could use a lot more places like this, especially in Manhattan. Places like this have been on the endangered species list so it's great to see this one surviving through the years.
This is not Faicco's, not at all.  For one thing, the sandwiches are much smaller (why do all reviews say huge?  They're normal.)  The bread is meh, completely indistinguishable from anything bought off the shelf from Pepperidge Farm .  The meats were fine, but again, nothing special. We had the Willy's Special, which paled in comparison to the Faicco's Italian. The  Philly Pork with broccoli rabe was excellent, but it had a minuscule amount of meat and rabe, both of which were completely lost in the mediocre bread.  Far too little meat and veg for the price.  Too bad. Not worth the price or the trek down Graham from the subway.   An additional star for the very friendly service, which was much appreciated.
Not much more to say than has already been said.  The Willie's Special with hot peppers was awesome.  Amazing combination of ingredients made for as great an Italian combo sub as I've ever experienced. Worth a special trip.
Great food. Great presentation. Easy order. Most important thing- THESE GUYS ARE REALLY NICE! I needed catering for my son´s first birthday and I wanted to get just a good ´ol brooklyn sub sandwich. I googled ¨best sandwich Brooklyn¨ and this place popped up. I´m no foodie nor do I choose to dissect every little thing about every experience I have here on yelp, but when I´m happy, I´m happy to send out good vibes. Ordered our catering from Mark, he was awesome. Sandwiches were a hit, everything tasted great and everyone was happy. The End. After living in Brooklyn for 12 years its good to see that a place like this is holding strong and true. Thanks!
Best tuna sandwich I have ever had. The wait is worth it! Prices are dirt cheap, the service is good, and the quality is excellent. Wish I lived closer!
The sandwiches here are awesome like Barney Stinson! This was the first time I have ever ate a sandwich from a real deli. Does Subway count? Just kidding! The Godfather sandwich was off the hook son! That's me trying to be gangsta because it's my first time in Brooklyn. :) BK stand up!
This place is the ideal combination of customer service and great food. Basically you order and leave it up to the guy at the counter to make it to your tastes. I highly recommend the chicken cutlet sandwich. To date this is my favorite sandwich in New York City.
I've eaten here twice in the past 3 days...and I live in Midtown Manhattan. The Godfather sandwich is the best sandwich I've ever had. I only wish the peppers were spicier. Someday I will try to order a different sandwich (maybe). As mentioned in previous posts,  they don't have much seating.  There have a chair and small table inside and a bench outside. It'd be nice if they could add a counter inside to stand at.
no, i didn't get a sub. i got some meatballs and let me tell you....amazing. all these yelp reviews can't be wrong.
There are other sandwiches other than The Godfather. However, it is your duty to get a Godfather if it is your first time. The greatest breakfast sandwich of our time is the hot sausage egg and cheese. I don't have much else to say. Eat here as much as possible and your brief time spent frolicking this world will have been filled with far more delight than if you don't eat here. We are but shadows and dust, but perhaps, and I can't promise anything, The Graham Ave Deli is proof that there might be a speck of the divine in all of us.
I was having a terrible day, so my husband told me he would pick up dinner. I couldn't have been happier to see him walk in the door with two of these delicious sandwiches in hand. He got one Italian sub and one chicken cutlet, both with plenty of vinegar and peppers. Each one was piled high on really good rolls - they were soft, but still firm enough to withstand the pounds of deli meat and chicken on each sandwich. There were so many ingredients and flavors on each one, I don't even know where to begin, but I can tell you that this deli is worth seeking out! Forget pizza - on days where I'm too lazy to cook, this is where I'm going. To top it all off, two of these sandwiches that can feed my husband and myself for two days only cost $15! What a steal.
It is your typical deli, but the sandwiches are really delicious. Even though there was a line, they were very helpful and took their time to let me know what went in the Godfather sandwich. It sounded great so I went with the Godfather with sweet peppers, but the man behind the counter improvised since they were out of sweet peppers and it was still delicious! Prices were pretty cheap ($8) considering it is a sandwich for two meals! Really great old school deli and if you are in this area, this is definitely where you have to go for lunch!
Read the other reviews.  So effing damn good.
Im a guy that was born and raised in brooklyn and when you see these small sandwich/butcher shops around you have to come in and try it out. This one in particular has been on my list for awhile. I tried it for the first time about 7months ago and have returned about 8 times and ordered a few big boy sandwiches and italian delights for a catering. Dont read any reviews or there menu. If your hungry and love a great loaf of bread with some meat and cheese in the middle do us all a favor and get yourself to this place. Great food, awesome sandwiches and a friendly staff. Anytime im passing by I always get the itch.....to go in that is :-)
good value, but just eat half of one. started tasting like a salad on a giant piece of bread and the meat all started tasting the same.  Ask them to go easy on the dressing because it got really acidic from too much vinegar.
The Godfather is great, I was mildly disappointed though, because another Yelper had said it's similar to Bay Cities in Santa Monica. While the styles are similar, Graham Ave's is much less filling and overall less delicious. Obviously, this place doesn't lose a star because of my arbitrary comparison to a deli 3000 miles west. The bread here is good, but kind of hard, and the top of it scraped the roof of my mouth. ow. The ingredients were great, but the bread may have ruined it for me. Not as big as I thought it would be either. In images it seems like it's stacked high, but in reality it was mostly bread. Overall - a fantastic sandwich. I'm sure you won't find a better one in Brooklyn. No seating area, so I kind of just ate it on the corner of the street while others were staring. Many people visit this place just for the Godfather, so I'm not sure why this place doesn't have a dedicated seating area, even if you can only squeeze a few chairs in there so you can enjoy the sandwich when it's freshly made. The sandwich is made quickly and while I went, the two employees seemed like close friends and were having a good time. You don't see that a lot anymore and it was very uplifting.
It's soo good. I don't know what he does to those sandwiches but yumm!
Thank you, meat gods, for sending us Graham Ave Meats and Deli! And Thank You, Italians of Williamsburg, for putting up with the gentrification of the neighborhood and sticking to your roots so that you could bring us the most delicious Godfather sandwich in all of New York City - maybe even the East Coast. Ever since I moved back to NYC from LA, I have been in search for a comparable Godfather sandwich to Bay Cities Italian Deli in Santa Monica's "Godmother" sandwich. Finally - after searching high and low - I have found it. For $8 you get the most perfectly crafted sandwich east of Nevada. The meat was cut fresh. The mozzarella was cut fresh. The balsamic and basil were a perfect touch. MMM! God I want another one RIGHT NOW. It was like sex on a sandwich.  And they deliver! I guess I'm getting fat this summer. One thing though - I wanted it spicy, it wasn't that spicy. But next time I'll ask them to lay on the peppers. The Italian gentleman who rang me pretty much melted my heart when he said "Ciao bella" as he handed me my receipt. Totally in love with this spot.
This location is a diamond in the rough! I got the Willies Hero ($8.50) and it is amazing. He asked me if I wanted it spicy or sweet. I said sweet with a bit of spicy and it was perfect. It's enough to save half for later if you're not starving. The guys behind the counter are cool. They offered me a piece of meat while I waited. Very fresh! Will come back!
This place is a true Yelp love story for me living just a few blocks away and walking past it for years headed to the L train and always thinking it was a mere butcher shop, but oh man how wrong I was. One day, bored at home I checked the Yelp app on my phone for Hot New Businesses, found them and decided to try it out and have been coming at least once every few weeks since and have the Yelp dukedom to prove it. Hard not to say what's already been said in all the very positive reviews and what drew me in here in the first place. My two favs are the spicy willie and the chicken cutlet. You won't be disappointed. Yelp has really blown this place up and the wait has gotten longer on weekends. If you're impatient like myself, call in advance and pick it up.
Chicken parm sandwich? Zoh-my-god!!! Amazing!! Can't wait to try their Godfather next. Happy to call this my neighborhood deli.
4 1/2. the more I think about it, the more tasty the Godfather gets. At the time it didn't really sink into me, but looking back, it really might have been one of the most tasty sandwiches I've tried. Will definitely go back to try some more.
This place Rocks! The Hero's are amazing and the service is superior. Don't stop at the sandwiches because the meats are just as amazing. Gooooood Stuff.
I had to come to this neck of the woods for a work thing, and of course I had to check Yelp for nearby lunch spots. This was highly reviewed and I see why. It is your typical deli, but the sandwiches are really delicious. Even though there was a line, they were very helpful and took their time to let me know what went in the Godfather sandwich. It sounded great so I went with the Godfather with sweet peppers, but the man behind the counter improvised since they were out of sweet peppers and it was still delicious! Prices were pretty cheap ($8) considering it is a sandwich for two meals! Really great old school deli and if you are in this area, this is definitely where you have to go for lunch!
The sandwiches are divine, but so are their prepared side items on platters above the deli counter. Try the fried squash and bring home the chicken cutlets! The boys are worth a trip alone! This is what we all miss out on by shopping at chains, getting to know the personalities of shop owners and their relatives who just also happen to make the tastiest sandwiches in NYC.
I would eat here way more often if they were more consistent. Some of the guys make truly amazing sandwiches, and others do an awful job. A couple of times I've ordered the willie and gotten a sandwich far smaller than any godfather, and one time my sandwich tasted like metal foil. The wait can be long, so it's nice that they let you make a phone order and pick up, but I find that the sandwich is usually made better if I order it in person. Hopefully you get one of the guys that gives a shit, but if not, sad story. When it's good, it's so good, and when it's bad, it's regrettable.
I said goddamn!!!! 10 outta 10 kid!!
Often compared to Sal, Kris & Charlie's Deli in Astoria (yelp.com/biz_share?bizid…), this is another old school Italian deli with big sandwiches for small prices. Based on reading Yelp reviews as well as my 15 minutes in the shop waiting for my sandwich, everybody gets either the Godfather ($8) or the Willie's Special ($9). The former is a classic Italian combo with too many ingredients to list, while the latter is a bigger version with even more ingredients (i.e. more meats and some cheese). Feel free to ask the very friendly, very Italian guys working the counter, who will gladly and impressively rattle off the long list of ingredients for you. The Godfather was really great. It's a neat and beautifully made sandwich, which is very large and well worth the $8. It's not quite as good as the even more massive The Bomb from Sal, Kris & Charlie's, but it is a more reasonable size for one person to tackle. They also sell all kinds of different meats and some good-looking, large loaves of bread for just $6. I definitely need to try the prosciutto bread next time.
This may be the best sandwich, in general, among all sandwiches. It's tough to call the best sandwich, because that means comparing to taste memories from your childhood and sandwiches from years past. Normally, when eating a sandwich, even a good one, there's no question, it's not the best sandwich you've ever had. When you eat the godfather, you will think, "Is this the best sandwich I've ever eaten?" And the answer is maybe. This might very will be the holy grail. The best sandwich. In the world.
If you are looking for the biggest, craziest sandwich out there you've found it. It was kind of like mystery sandwich Sunday as I had no idea what was in any of the sandwiches... So of course we decide to get the Godfather and the Willie's Special (complete yelp faith). The deli was busy busy busy and we waited about 20 minutes for the sandwiches but what do you expect when someone is creating a masterpiece? The only problem I had was I asked for the Willie not to be spicy and they loaded about a cup of jalapeños in it. It was very difficult for me to eat and I spent awhile digging them out. Overall I would try it again but cross my fingers for no jalapeños.
"willies Italian special- sweet," pretty good.
Having just moved to Brooklyn from out of state, my boyfriend and I were on a search for our new go-to sandwich shop. Something fast, affordable, and absolutely delicious, so of course we turned to Yelp which led us to Graham's... Upon walking in, I felt a tad bit timid due to the sheer business of this shop, the old school feel and the fact that there was no description of what's actually in their sandwiches. But I was rest assured when the man behind the counter offered to describe what's in the sandwiches.   We both ended up ordering the godfather sandwich, which was good, and definitely more than enough for one person, but we realized that even though we both ordered the godfathers, our sandwiches were slightly different. His bread was different than mine and my boyfriend's had noticeably more balsamic vinegar. Unfortunately I had to deduct a star for the fact that they were obviously inconsistent. Overall, good sandwiches, great prices, and decent staff. Next time, I'll try something other than the godfather though. (Not a fan of balsamic vinegar)
I had to try one of these famous sandwiches after all of this hype (at least on yelp). It seems like a family is running the store (a Dad and his two sons). Not sure if one makes a better sandwich than the others, but one of the younger men made me a sandwich, and it turned out to be absolutely out of this world. I ordered the Willie's Italian Special sandwich. They ask if you want it spicy or sweet, and I chose spicy. Wasn't really that spicy, but definitely tasted amazing. The sandwich is loaded with Italian meats and cheese, and the Italian spices and vinegar really stand out (so hopefully you are into these types of things). It might take you a good 20 minutes to actually get your sandwich, but the wait is well worth it, and I will tell you why. As you watch your sandwich being made, they add each ingredient with such care; it's kind of like a science. You just don't see this sort of thing at most sandwich shops. People often associate quicker with better. I'll take the better prepared sandwich for an extra 10 minutes of my time. Believe the yelp hype. This play is for real, and if you are looking for a massive, but very tasty sandwich, head on over to this Williamsburg shop.
Second time going to this deli and my experience is always awesome! The gentlemen behind the counter are super nice, friendly, and not to mention, funny!  As my boyfriend and I waited for our sandwiches to be made, one of the guys was handing out fresh cheese samples. Mmm! Anyway, the veggie primavera is damn delicious! Fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, arugula, and pesto on bread--yum! Can't wait to go back here when I head back to New York!
Holy moly. I know I'm preaching to the converted here but oh. My. God. Willy's Italian Special is knock your socks off phenomenal. Sweet or hot, this is the bomb. Be patient. Good things take time.
LIke ALL the other reviews mention: THE GODFATHER is the way to go. A sandwich doesn't just get that name for no reason. Delicious and good quality deli meat to be found here. Service is also wonderful, super friendly and patient employees willing to answer all your questions. You have to try it at least once, but trust me once will never be enough!
Very unassuming deli but had a great experience here.  Meat quality and selection were impressive.  The staff is super nice and kindly gave us samples to taste while we were waiting for our sandwich.  When we got our sandwich... wow it was enormous!  Crammed full of meats, veggies, and delicious basalmic dressing!  Great deal.
I first went to this place because I'd read not just that it was one of the best if not THE best sandwich spot in the city, but-- Because I'd also read that they're owner was in the mob, portrayed in the movie Donnie Brasco (they filmed it on the same street) and had just been indicted for loan sharking, shaking down customers in his walk in freezer. They called him: The Butcher. But, Mike The Butcher Virtuoso has since passed on, and his legacy lives on. This place has awesome food, for an awesome price. You walk in and you don't expect much, it's very bland but the sandwiches are out of this borough. The Godfather, The Italian Delight, The Calabrese Cast-Iron or the The Sicilian Shakedown, they are all glorious in their own right. Feel free to ask the guys behind the counter for any suggestions, especially if ordering for large groups like the Super Bowl or something. You can't go wrong at Graham Avenue Meat And Deli!!
I have only been once and enjoyed the heck out of a spicy Godfather.  I will be going back and if the other sandwiches are as good as the one I had, they get my five stars.
Get the Godfather. These sandwiches are handcrafted to perfection by the young gentlemen behind the counter. Is there some sort of apprenticeship for this? I would trade in my boring cubicle job to learn the ways of the deli trade if I could just eat these sandwiches everyday. The intricacy of this sandwich is unrivaled. You will notice this as you wait 10mins or longer as they complete a medley of meats/seasoning/vegetables. Why have I ever eaten bread without this combination before? It just all makes sense to your taste buds. Their balsamic vinegar is something special, of course homemade. Bravo Graham's. You make me get two sandwiches (willies+godfather) for the whole day whenever I have the chance to go to this deli. HEADS UP, this will take quite a bit of time if one of the counter guys is making both sandwiches (10-20mins) but it is well worth it. Please tip these guys for their masterpiece of sandwich art.
Godfather dressed spicy. Seriously, this is the best hogey ever.
Guy making my sandwich: "I think this is the most proportionate Godfather sandwich I've made in a while!" Me: "great! Proportion is where it's at in a good sandwich" Guy: "I take pride in what I do." Me: "It's appreciated" Guy: "Let me know how you like my sandwich!" The sandwich was fuckin' perfect! Service was how it should be. If this place ever closes, the neighborhood is officially cooked.
Awsome sandwiches !!!!
I feel like between Graham Avenue and Sal, Kris, and Charlies - the whimsical, old school New York deli scene is well honored. But between the two, I prefer those chaps residing in Astoria. Graham Avenue is just fine - you get a lot of bang for your buck and a glimpse back to what New York was like before clumsy tourists risked their lives attempting to ride Citi Bikes to and fro. But there's just something that didn't quite grip me the same way The Bomb Sandwich does at SKCs. Double up your Graham Avenue eats with a coffee right next door - provides a quality 1-2 punch.
The owner (or "main guy") alone makes me feel required to stay loyal to this place. I am fortunate enough to pass him on my way to the subway in the mornings and I seriously think I blush, as if I'm seeing a celebrity. The friendliness and courtesy sets the bar for all of NYC. The quality of items and food could be crap and I'd still come back just to be treated as nicely as I am here. Fortunately, the food rules, the prices are insanely reasonable and I will be a returning customer for as long as I live here.
An experience to order here - wait your turn. The brothers and father will let you know when to order. Then stand back, wait and try to curb your urge to get too excited. The godfather can be ordered with either spicy capicola or not. Recommended: SPICY. Fresh italian bread, nearly a pound of three different meats, provolone, fresh basil with olive oil. A sandwich to envy.
I'm renting a place around the corner and I average one Godfather a week.  It takes time for it to be made (sometimes it feels like 15 minutes, though usually 10) but I'd honestly wait an hour. The sandwich to end all sandwiches.
The Godfather lived up to the hype. Its a really big sandwich too, I had to take a break to finish it. For under $10 its the best sandwich around... Competes with Mama's from Corona Queens. Its definitely better than Cherry Valley's... yes, I know!!! Only real New Yorkers are going to know about those other two....Just because you learned to flick the middle finger at a cabby, dont make you a New Yorker..aight, Back to the regular scheduled Program!!!...... Graham Avenue Meats is a Gem...Go try it.
I wish there was a 4 1/2 stars that I can give.  The reason that it wasn't five stars was because the Godfather had too much seasoning, however it was huge and I would defiantly get again just with a little less seasoning.  Wife had the lasagna, but I personally believe mine was better.  I am sure it was the owner behind the counter and he deserves six stars based on his service and friendliness.  Highly recommend and after going, eating at "Subway" will now be considered an insult.  If you are concerned about money, don't be...two can overeat for less than 15 dollars.
Amazing place. I absolutely love the sandwiches from this place. I found out about this place through yelp and just the way the sandwiches looked were enough to make me want to go try it. The place doesn't look very fancy but the sandwich is a whole different story. The different types of flavor that hit your taste buds will literally explode in your mouth. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to my friends. The guys behind the counter are extremely friendly. If your looking for a sandwich to start the experience I would go with the Willie Special. It's absolutely amazing in every way. As I'm writing his review, I think Ill plan a trip again. I wish I lived next door but that would also be a bad thing. I would eat it every day.
There's a reason this place is one of the highest rated purveyors of food on yelp, they make the finest Italian hoagie I've ever had and that's legit.  You'll find yourself waiting 10 minutes in a line of 3 people but don't lose hope, each sandwich is cut and seasoned to order (duh).  These people really care about their craft and each hoagie is designed with you in mind, whether you like it spicy or sweet, they've got it going  This ain't no corner bodega $5 sub, this is a straight up old school Italian neighborhood deli.  They make their own sauces, cure their own meats, and even grind their own veggie burgers.  Get the Godfather, heck get anything, you won't be dissapointed.
It's good. The Godfather sandwich was a little scant with the meat but the flavor was there. It's pretty much an antipast platter in a sandwich. They don't deliver drinks or snacks with your order which is lame but the sandwich is kinda worth it. I just don't know if it's $10 worth it... Regardless, I'll go back and get other items, it's the closest you'll get to an authentic NYC deli in this neighborhood.
i often feel like these brooklyn italian deli spots are overrated. but not this one! its AMAZINGLY AMAZING! the god father is HUGE and juicy and spicy and made with love. we devoured our sandwiches in moments! my boring boyfriend got the turkey and cheese and it was, no joke, his words, the best turkey sandwich ever. EVER.
It's hard to imagine a better Italian sandwich than "the Godfather." I was craving a top-notch sub and I am really glad I stopped by this classic deli. You know a sandwich is going to be great when they mince the garlic just before sprinkling it on top of the sandwich. I would make the trek for this $8 treat any day.
Went in to try their godfather sandwich since I heard so much about it on yelp. There was a line and three employees. The kid who handled my sandwich took four orders at once and remembered all the orders. He looked like he was in high school. One thing that did upset me was that they used the same gloves to handle your sandwich and money. Very unsanitary! The sandwich was okay/fine. I was expecting better. I still enjoy Sal Kris Charlie in Astoria more.
The Godfather sandwich was extremely good. Nice deli with good service. They also do delivery so if your too lazy to walk down there, the guys will bring it straight to you. Fair prices especially when considering how big the sandwiches are.
Worth your while to come in for a sub. Everything is fresh and they put a lot of love in what they prepare. I like that they put the balsamic vinegar & oil on the bread before they make the sandwich. I got the Godfather with the hot works & it was devoured quickly. I can't wait to come back & try other choices.
Best sandwich in Brooklyn. Bought 1 Godfather and 2 Willie Specials spicy style and I ate all 3 within a 24 hour period. These sandwiches are big. And cheap. Go!
hot roast pork with melted swiss, hot & sweet peppers, broccoli rabe, mayo on a sesame hero! This sandwich was insane!
This is a must go if you are in the williamsburg area.  I recommend the Godfather and get it spicy, if you don't mind a little kick.  The best part of the sandwich is they don't overstuff the meat and you can actually taste the individual imported italian cold cuts and you don't get overwhelmed.   The key I think is the array of spices they add to the sandwich when they're making it.  This is secret ingredient that we will never know what it is and is the secret to their success.
Amazing! Excellent Catering.
I'll follow on the love here for The Godfather sandwich. It's incredible. The perfect Italian sandwich. Stocked to the brim with meat. It's just a delight. It's also nice to have just a straight up, old school, Italian sandwich shop in the area when everywhere else is all hipster and small sandoozles. EDIT: I notice the owner has been pretty responsive with stuff, so I just wanted to make a few comments. This place still gets five stars because its still the best Italian sandwich I've ever had, but I've been going back to this place several times a week since this review. - I just wish the Willy was more consistent. I feel like I need to specify exactly how I like it because it may come out different. Sometimes there's hot peppers, sometimes not. Sometimes there is parm, sometimes there's not. Today, my sandwich has huge mounds of prosciutto that has never been there before, making the sandwich hard to bite and way more chewy. Still love the place, still five stars, but I wish there was like a uniform way of making this sandwich so it's relatively similar.
Willie's Special was amazing!!!  First time for me but won't be the last time.
THIS PLACE IS D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S THO. Don't listen to Hotboyz69 when he says it's wack, it's unbelievably tasty. These guys are sandwich artists.
My husband & I both agree - the Willie Special was the BEST sandwich we had in the NYC area thus far.  It was a bit of a walk from the subway but well worth the walk.   The pride the sandwich maker  took in his sandwich crafting was charming.  After we told him we discovered their shop through Yelp, and of all the positive reviews - he proceeded to construct our sandwich with a certain cat like smug self satisfied air positive that we would be more than just pleased with our sandwich.  How I wish we could remember his name - his service alone would make us repeat customers for life.  We only made it as far as the bench outside the front door.  We thought "lets just take a bite"......within minutes the sandwich was merely the fondest of sandwich memories. Fabulous bread (the heart of the sandwich), the very tastiest Italian meats..... Sadly - we returned this past August but they were closed for vacation.    Needless to say, we were despondent (an understatement if there ever was one) - living in the Midwest does not make Graham Avenue Meats as accessible as we would like.  A kindly Italian market across the street offered to make a sandwich which we gratefully accepted and appreciated.  Once you have the very best though - no other place can scratch the itch.  We shall return.....wearing elastic waist pants to accommodate........
They are thoughtful with every sandwich they make. You imagine there's a big Italian guy in the back looming over a pot of marinara and slicing garlic with a razor blade.
Um, wow. Amazing. I had to spend the rest of my afternoon walking off the Willie's Italian, but it was well worth it.
Had a pastrimi sandwich. What can I say "delicious". My mouth is watery just thinking about it. I would definitely recommend this place.
the godfather, italian special. HOLY SHEIT :D
Awesome sandwiches- the godfather is my fav so far. Good meats, salads, and rice balls to go with a super nice staff!! Just 1-2 seats inside and out so don't plan to make a sit down meal of it. Large Sammiches are $8-$9
What's another five star review for this place? The sandwiches are phenomenal. I have nothing but love, respect, and salivation for the Godfather, Cubano (5$ holy cow), Willie's Special. But this review is for the butcher and shop. Eddie -currently the butcher- was friendly, conversational, and made lots of suggestions. I think 9/10 young people/newcomers (myself included) order the Godfather at Yelp's suggestion and don't branch out to the meats and prepared food. There's no need to be intimidated. You can always start with the Bachelor's special.  Eddie told me prices, where the meet came from, whether it was prepared in house (sirloin, rib eye) or shipped in (flank steak). I got free range chicken breast, sirloin steak, sweet sausage, pasta, and at Eddie's suggestion: lamb -which he stuffed with garlic, onions, spices- lamb bones, and beef boullion cubes. He told me exactly how to prepare the lamb. So helpful! So yes, Graham Avenue Deli is fabulous for its sandwiches - but also for its prepared foods, meat, and butcher.
Came back to update my review. I have to be CRAZY to only give Graham Avenue Meats and Deli only 4stars.  This is my favorite sandwich shop in New York, by far. Truth be told, I crave a sandwich from here at least once a week. Writing this review now my mouth is watering thinking of one of their specialty sandwiches. Place is so legit. I only wish it wasn't so far from me.
I had a sandwich half for lunch the rest for dinner. It was very tasty, Good deal. It made my tummy very happy :)
I have to say this is a close call. if I were not privvy to the finest sandwich shops in North America, I'd say this is the best Italian sandwich I have ever had, but since I now live in N.J., grew up on Staten Island (another great spot for italian food- A&S pork store on forest, Deninos, Basiles) and have had N.J's best, worked in little Italy and born in Bensonhurst Brooklyn, I'd call this fine example of an Italian sandwich that I had here, a close second or (gasp) third. I truly hate to rate it less than the best, but its a fantastic sandwich. Andrea's in Jersey City is my top tier so far with their sandwich, "the Soprano", second is a toss up between this sandwich and this cheese shop on Grand st, maybe A&S in Nutley, I've had epic sandwiches from them all, but its really about simple, unadulterated ingredients that are fresh; top quality fresh meats and in some cases the ordering by the patron to make it just as they like on the exact bread with the ingredients they like best. I had the Godfather here on this my first visit here, the spicy version, excellent sandwich, awesome, tangy, not overly spicy, delicious. Personally, my favorite Italian combo on semolina seeded bread is prosciutto, fresh mozzarella based (sub's as the N.J. crowd calls em, I'm Brooklyn born Staten island raised, so we say hero or just sandwich). Next time I come I will get a better look at the menu, as I showed up just at closing and went on the owner's suggestion. Who knows, I very well may order the PERFECT Italian Sang-a-weech right here in Williamsburg. The owner who seems third generation Italian like myself, looks as if he comes from a long line of Italian butchers. The family business seems to be solidly in good hands, he is friendly and personable, I felt at home right away.
I've been living around the corner for over 2 years now and have always just gone to Anthony & sons...well after today, I'm only ever going to Graham Ave M&D and I'm mad at myself for not trying it earlier. I actually am not much of a sandwich person usually but every once in awhile I crave a good sandwich with some flavor.You must get the Willie's special - spicy. The yelp hype is all true. Go there now. These guys will be my new neighborhood buddies!
Let me start out by saying that if possible, I would have given a 3.5 stars. For a variety of reasons, I decided that it is closer to a 3 than a 4 at the present time.   Last Friday on my day off, I decided to make the trek out to Brooklyn to use my groupon for the 'sandwich meal for 2' at Graham Avenue Meats And Deli. I ordered the highly rated "Godfather" and "Willie's Special" without balsamic vinegar. The first issue came when the person who made the sandwiches never asked me if I want the sandwich spicy or sweet. Was there a recent change in how they make the sandwiches because I thought you have an option to try either sweet or spicy peppers/meat? In either case both sandwiches were made without much input from me, other than my initial request not to have any balsamic vinegar. The second issue came when the owner/worker (?) told me that my groupon also entitles me to 1 soda and 1 salad of my choice. I thought it was weird that for a groupon that is a "sandwich meal for 2", it only provides 1 soda. I have since then learn that the groupon is actually  for 2 soda, not 1. Not a big deal and my fault for not reading the deal's term more closely on the website (I don't think I see it listed on the groupon printout). Still, I would think by now they would know what the groupon deal includes, especially since they have a sign on the counter that references people using a groupon at the store. In any case I grabbed the food and set out to find a good place to sit down and try out the sandwiches since the deli didn't really offer a good place to sit down and eat, other than a small table inside and a bench on the outside. I ended up walking to a "nearby" park to enjoy the sandwiches. First, the actual sandwiches is not as big as how some of the pictures on Yelp make it look like. Don't get me wrong I was able to taste the meat in the sandwich clearly, i just kinda wish there was a 2nd layer of each meat to really get a fulfilling sandwich. The onions and peppers that was added to the sandwich added only a hint of additional flavors due to the sparseness of the condiments. If I had a choice, I would definitely like more of the sweet peppers and red onion (versus more meat) which would really add more of a kick to the sandwich (this is of course, a personal preference). I think it would have been more of an explosion of flavors in my mouth versus just a small pop if I can taste more of the sweet peppers and onion with the cold cuts. The texture of the bread that was used was very crusty. As another reviewer has said, the bread is harder on the outside and kinda scrapes the roof of the month as you take a bite. Again, it is a personal preference as some people like hard bread and some like me prefer a softer bread. Lastly, I ate half of each sandwich that I picked but I cannot really distinguish between the 2 sandwiches. I believe that the "Willie's Special" was the "Godfather" + 1 additional type of meat but I don't taste the difference. I am not a big connisseur of Italian cold cuts so I am not able to discern the difference/flavor of that additional meat which is disappointing. At the end of the day, I like the sandwiches that I got and so did my sister. We can't argue with the flavor profile of the meats and the condiments but the hard bread, sparse layering of the condiments & meats detracts from what could have been a 4 star sandwich.
Bought the most perfectly spiced hot Italian sausage here. I mean, these things really had a nice kick to 'em! The owners were overly friendly and excited for us to sample new olives in from Sicily. Which we also ended up taking home. What a fun experience. I'll definitely go back to try more, esp the sandwiches!
I rode my skateboard 7 miles from Grammercy Park to try this 'Godfather' sandwich.  It CHANGED my life!  I cant find an Italian Sub in Manhattan, so I embarked on an epic journey to find it. I FOUND IT, in' some place called 'GreenPoint' Long Island.      I wanna keep this place a secret, but it is about 10 miles away from any subway stop in New York, so no tourists will find it (or be able to get to it).  The sandwich is composed of pure heaven.  Ask the butcher to tell you the ingredients and it will take him 5 minutes.  Truly a place worthy of praise!   This place will also cater my wedding.
Hands down the best sandwich I have ever had. The Godfather spicy is everything you want. The turnover on their meat is quick so all the cuts are fresh. They have a wide variety of Italian goods, as well as numerous types of meat. The staff are great guys who appreciate your business, especially if you're a repeat customer.
Eddie, Jerry, and Chris (?) created thee most OUTSTANDING sandwich I literally have ever eaten. They cut the meats fresh for your sub with layers and layers of cheese, roasted red peppers, dark greens, balsamic and so much more. You gotta try it. Telling you, it's hearty and perfect.
Mike and his family are just great - all are super helpful and nice.  They are always willing to answer my questions about the merits of one cut of meat or preparation style over another.  The sandwiches are amazing (the godfather! omg!) and Grandma's prosciutto bread is killer.  Mike's home-cured deli meats blow supermarket cold cuts out of the water.  I'm so lucky to have these guys right around the corner!!  And I'd give an extra star if I could for being open on Sundays.
Visited this spot a few days ago. Ordered the godfather because of all the great reviews. It was out of this world good. They incorporated just about every ingredient I could have wanted on this beast.  The tomatoes were perfectly thinly sliced with the baby greens stuffed inside several prime meats and cheese. You gotta try this thing.
I can't figure out a way to review this place without sounding ridiculous, so let me just say that I ordered a turkey sandwich, spicy, and it was the best sandwich i had ever had. And the next day, when I ate the second half (because it is enormous), that was the second best sandwich I had ever had.
It's all true. Stop reading reviews and just get there. Order a Godfather. Order a Willie Special. Put hot peppers on both and compare. For me it's Willie over God, but see for yourself. Sandwich perfection.
Hands down, best Italian combo I've ever had.  It took about ten minutes to make and another five to explain what ingredients go into it.  Delicious.  Huge.  Spicy.
This is a great place. I really loved it Can't wait to go their next time.
Sandwiches don't make much of an impression on me usually but this place made an impression. so I'd definitely give it a thumbs up. The specials are truly special.
Willie's Italian Special: (A sandwich for the sandwich purist) A real sandwich.  A good sandwich.  A sandwich that you have not had enough of in your life.  A sandwich that I need to go back and eat again.  Filled with lots of meat and a little spice, this is the sandwich that you pick up and never put down.
These guys are great.  I love their sandwiches and they also do a tremendous job as butchers.  They can procure great meats including less popular meats. I bought a standing rib roast from them for a dinner party and it was delicious.  They're helpful, friendly and not as expensive as some of the hipster-foodie butchers in the hood.
I know yelps a five star system but 10/10. I'm a huge sandwich guy and you can't beat these sandwiches, rolls great and the quality of the meat is unbelievable. I suggest the classics, either the willie special or godfather (spicy).  I haven't branched out from the Italian sandwiches yet, but I'm sure the rest of the stuff is great too. For my money one of the best Italian sandwich shops around.
The quintessential New York sandwich.  Absolutely love this place.
Love love this place. I have been here twice but found the food is way beyond my expectation. Though the restaurant is a bit far away from my company. It won't stop me to travel here during weekend.
Just moved to the neighborhood and decided to buy some meat for a home bar-b-q. My husband and I bought 2 sweet sausages and 1/2 lb of the marinated ribs. Best purchase EVER. Reasonable prices, good service, best meat ever. Do it!
Quality sandwiches, absolute quality.
My roommates and I have been getting the Willy's from Graham Avenue Meats and Deli almost on a weekly basis for the past year. Every once in while, we also get our BBQ supplies from there. Here is my review based on this experience: Opening Hours: They open early in the morning, even on the weekend, which is great and unusual at the same time among Italian butchers in the neighborhood. If you desperately need an epic sandwich in the morning, or have to start preparing the meats early on, this proves to be really convenient. Service: My favorite is Chris, always humble, always helpful, sometimes moody in the mornings but overall great guy.  In general, I haven't experienced bad service there. Ordering the sandwiches in advance obviously reduces the wait, which can be a little long when it's busy. Sandwiches: The Willy's (or Willi's?) is their signature sandwich. It comes with a number of meats, Provolone cheese, arugula, olive oil, balsamic vinegar. The choice of meats varies significantly from day to day and the person who prepares the sandwich, which makes it inconsistent, but it tastes great in every variation. Once, we had large chunks of Parmesan cheese in it and it was epic, unfortunately that seemed to be a one time thing. The sandwich is pretty big, so don't expect to finish unless you are not really hungry, or want to pass out after you eat it. Probably not the best working-day lunch choice. Meats: Compared to other Italian butchers in the immediate vicinity of Graham Avenue, their meats are a little weak primarily because the quality of the meat varies... Overall: Great place to have an Italian sandwich!
My father has a weakness for a good Italian sub.  My mother has a weakness for a good Italian.   They found their mutual loves at this fine Italian establishment.  Oh...and the sandwiches are good too!!!!!  Get the Godfather.  'Nuff said.
A great deli. I've had a couple of their sandwiches, and they have all ben stellar. The guys who work the counter are very friendly and helpful when I can't decide which sandwich to try. They always make good ones for me. Love the NY sandwich.
My company had this place cater our company lunch. They brought the food on time and everything was served hot. We had Chicken Parmigiana, Grilled Chicken Breast with Lemon and Caper, Vegetable Lasagna, Caesar Salad, and Garden Salad. Everything was great and I definitely recommend this place for your catering needs. he vegetarians especially enjoyed the vegetable lasagna; and I did too. I am more of a omnivore -- I will eat anything; but I have to say the vegetable lasagna was really something to write home about!
i prefer the godfather over the willie special, but all the meats are really fresh and the counter guys are always nice. for 8 bucks you have a meal for 2 or one hungry person.
Best sandwiches in the neighborhood! Especially the cubano!
Holy florgin schmidt! This place is amazing. I wanted to get everything in there. Alas, this time I got just a hero - but what a sandwich. Meatball parmesan. Delicious. This looks like the place to go for meats. I will definitely be going back (and can't believe I haven't been here sooner).
We (fiance) visited two nights in a row this week, and can't wait to go back. The staff here knows their stuff. As a first timer, coming late on a Sunday night, we were greeted warmly and told to ask any question about any sandwich. We were then told with GREAT detail about every ingredient in the sandwiches listed on their menu. We finally settled on the Chicken Cutlet, Buffalo Chicken, and Willie Special for the first night. All great. ON THE SECOND NIGHT, we returned to try something new and got "The Roast Beast", with added hot chili peppers and spicy oil as recommended by our butcher. This sandwich was GOOD. I'm pretty sure I dreamt about it and will, with great confidence, order this sandwich again, and again, and again. Thank you G.A.M.&D. See you vey soon I'm sure.
I lived across the street from the unassumingly named Graham Ave Deli for 3 years, and frequented it often.  Willy's sandwiches are amazing - the Italian special I swear is different every time he makes it.  Grandma's eggplant parmesan is perfect, and their hot Italian sausages are tempered with fennel for that feel-good flavor that reminds me of home, if home were Italy.  Support your local Italian neighbors and come here whenever you can.
This place reminds of the old italian deli's that I used to go to as a kid with my grandparents.  A bit inconsistent, but overall a great sandwich for under $10, great meat counter and few necessities like fresh pastas, some pre-made sauces, etc.  30 years ago, this place was just another deli; But with the nonstop gentrification, hipster invasion and corporate expansion, it's amazing to find a place thats still has that 'old neighborhood' personality.
I've tried every pre-packaged chicken sausage on the market and Graham has the best Homemade Chicken Sausage I've ever had. They offer different types depending on the day of the week. I've had the Broccoli Rabe and the Parsley and Cheese. I cook this up in a few minutes and add it to anything and believe me when I tell you it makes me look like a gourmet chef. The chicken is fresh, tender and perfectly seasoned. I also buy the stuffed eggplant which they keep on top of the counter. If you get there too late in the day it will be sold-out. The eggplant is thinly sliced and dipped in egg then lightly fried with wonderful mozzarella cheese stuffed in between. One of these could easily be an entire meal. Don't forget to try their Italian Rice Balls and their homemade meatless lasagna.  Not to mention everything else! The guys who work the counter are super nice and helpful. I ask them questions every time I'm in there and they answer with with a smile.
Gods gift to the carnivore. Great sandwiches, do try the godfather. Sausages made on the premises. The meat is brilliant. Got few rib eye steaks, they where amazing. Can't recommend this place enough.
One of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Super friendly guys behind the counter. A must go. I've never seen so much TLC go into sandwich.
Spicy godfather is da bomb.  This place has great sandwiches but keep in mind that it is an old school Italian butcher shop.  There are no tables.  You have to take it to go.  So if you don't mind eating in your car or the local bus stop or the nearby McCarren Park, you'll do just fine.
Every time I buy a sandwich from somewhere else I wish i came here instead. The special is my personal favorite but the Godfather is excellent as well. The sandwiches are really 2 meals each and can easily be shared. The wait is worth it. Also if you want to cook a meal at home the home made sweet Italian sausages are great.
Great sandwiches. Great service. The ingredients are always fresh and the gentlemen behind the counter are pleasant and helpful; they make sandwiches with care and to your liking, with a smile. Love the Godfather.
Love the sandwiches!  For the past few months I've been meaning to create a yelp account to post a review for this deli.  I've been there at least a dozens of times and make sure to stop by at least weekly on my way home.
2 visits in 1 week? Why not? This place earned a 5 star rating from me. Two back to back perfect sandwiches. I tried The Godfather this time around. Just wow. I may be back once more before I leave town on Friday.
The best sandwich you can possibly find.  I still don't understand how it tastes so good
I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet and I happen to live so close to it! I've been here a few times within the past couple of years. I was hesitant to even come by at first because I didn't think a deli specializing in meat would have anything to offer for a vegetarian. Oh, how wrong I was. They have the micaluc, which is this humongous sandwich that is jam-packed with mozzarella cheese, all sorts of pickled vegetables, broccoli rabe, and other vegetable goodness. They offer a whole bunch of other sandwiches as well, including some classic Italian-American fare. Sandwiches are cheap and huge. One sandwich alone could constitute your entire food intake for the day! Definitely check this place out if you happen to be in the area.
I had their new Cubano Italiano sandwich today and it was amazing!! While some of their sandwiches are piled with meat (not complaining or anything), this pressed panini is the perfect balance of meats, cheese, pickle and a slightly sweet sauce...  and only $5. Already planning to eat another one later this week.
Its hard to find a place that puts this much pride into making their sandwiches and it definitely shows. The godfather was a masterpiece. Bravo guys.
Great Food!  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu!
Not as high-profile as their big giant Italian sandwiches, but this place makes maybe the best bacon, egg and cheese I've ever had.
We actually read their positive reviews on Yelp. and decided to drive all the way there for the yummy subs we read about. The owner and owner's son are so friendly and helpful. Really makes you feel like you've been there for years.  The atmosphere of the deli is cozy, filled with imported Italian goodies. The owner recommended the Willies Italian Special and we were not disappointed. It's HUGE! Def enough for two. Filled with all sorts of meat.  It even had sun-dried tomatoes! My fav! It was totally worth the trip.
There has never been a sandwich a tenth as good as the Godfather.
Jerry made a great hot Willie today.
I stopped in here after a meeting in Brooklyn and grabbed some sandwiches for the office on the way back to Westchester. I was a little confused when the menu had no descriptions of the sandwiches just names. The guy behind the counter was more than happy to explain them but I can see it being a problem if it gets busy at lunch.    I picked up two godfathers and was pretty happy with my selection. The sandwich was great, bread was a little too hard but overall I was happy with the purchase.  The space was very old school except for the ipad on the counter and didn't look like it offered anything special that any pork store would carry. I would try it again when I have more time to look deeper into what they have to offer
These guys don't want you to just come in, they want you to keep coming back.  With the amazing food they offer, they don't need to try very hard to accomplish this, but they still do.  The atmosphere and service of the deli rivals the food itself which, in my opinion, says a whole lot about the staff.  It's hard to come by such an effortless sense of authenticity in city establishments, but it's no surprise why this place has the best reputation in both Manhattan and Brooklyn.  Amazing sandwiches, obviously, and I highly recommend doing the Bachelor plan for groceries.  30 bucks for an array of meats and eggs that sets you up for a week's worth of great eating.  Eddie prepared my most recent bulk purchase and was kind of enough to offer cooking recommendations and some special cuts (thanks!).  Go here once, you'll keep coming back. -that tall guy who always orders roast beef sandwiches
The Godfather, spicy, was incredible. I can tell I love many other sandwiches here. The guy helping me out was so nice. Other costumers too were so passionate telling me other things to try. I'm told their sides are to die for - mainly the mac salad and the mozzarella and tomato salad. They also have tons of other things you can buy, like fresh pasta, sauces, meats, cheeses... I am getting hungry just writing this!
The Willie's sandwich is the best sandwich I've ever had. The chicken buffalo sandwich was great as well. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The store is and old-school throwback. You must try this place. Simply outstanding.
Every time I'm in New York I make sure to come here. I would put the Godfather in the top 5 choices of meals I would ask for as a last request. The staff is always incredibly friendly and I've even been remembered when my visits are months apart!
Willy's Special is a perfect sandwich.
YAY! I finally got to try this place out because all of the yelpers was raving about it. I ordered the Godfather (spicy) and the Willie (spicy). It is definitely big enough to share one sandwich between two people because trust me, they pack in loads of meat in there! I liked both of them, can't really describe how good it was because you'll have to try it out yourself! ooh and their staff was very friendly and all of them were very helpful. :)
Delicious sandwiches and very nice staff.  If you're in the area and want some authentic Italian food, definitely stop by.  I usually get The Godfather, which is very good; they're homemade seasoning and dressing is fantastic and it's HUGE.  You get a lot for your money.
Fantastic sandwiches. I had the Godfather and it is probably the best deli sandwich I have ever had.  My wife had the turkey with cheese and subbed mozzarella for swiss. The spicy giardiniera is fantastic.   Tiny spot with no tables so plan on heading around the block to the park if you need a spot to eat, but great sandwiches.
After reading all the reviews I decided to try this place.  As recommended by many other i try the Willie's Italian Special.  The Willie's Italian Special is kind of big compare to most delis in NYC but I do think it is worth.  First off the sandwich was not that good. I enjoy the first bite but after that I was pretty much forcing myself to finish it.  Also the Willie's Italian Special cost 8 dollars while in most place in Brooklyn you can get a sandwich on a hero for four dollars or less.  You may be getting a good amount of meat but you also paying double the price. The thing that bother me the most about this place is how dirty everything is.  I can understand that this place is old and run down but lease you could wash your hands and change your gloves.  The younger son who was making my sandwich handle raw meat then proceeds to make my sandwich without ever washing his hands.  None of them wear a hat or anything on their heads to prevent hair from getting into the food, which is required by the health department.  My girlfriend did find a hair on her turkey and cheese sandwich.  They also leave a ton  of food outside which are required to be in a fridge.  I know they want to display their pride in their meats by I rather they think about my health first.  Even the bread was left outside in the open where anyone could touch or cough on them.  In fact the son grad my piece of bread with his hands which is a violation which requires the store to throw the bread or anything that touches bare hands that will eaten without being cooked.  I am pretty sure they also never wash their hands or change their gloves enough.  It is food poisoning waiting to happen. If you are willing to risk your health give this place a try before it gets close down by the health department.  I will not be coming back here.
Willie's special sandwich is the best I've tasted in New York !!! Must take a trip to Brooklyn for the willie's special !
place is solid, a bit overated to me though. my personal favorite is Anthony & Sons, Lorimer Market is also pretty good to go.
These sandwiches are DELICIOUS! I had the chicken cutlet and my girlfriend had the Willie's Special (which one of the guys behind the counter described as "basically a Godfather but with one extra deli meat"). My sandwich was pretty tasty but then I tried the Willie's Special and that was a WHOLE LOT OF FLAVOR - it was so savory. I plan on going back and getting the Willie's Special.  The sandwiches were a nice size and they were each under $10. I highly recommend this place.
Listen to your fellow yelpers and get the godfather.
So I walked into the deli (that's what it is, there is no seating) and right away asked for The Godfather which doesn't have an explanation written next to it.  But here's what's in it: Homemade Roasted Peppers, Mortadella, Spicy Sopressata, Parmigiano Reggiano and Provolone, Spicy Vinegar Peppers, Fresh Basil, Olive Oil, & Balsamic Vinegar.  The young guy got to work right away and it took him a good 5-7 minutes to prepare my sandwich from cutting the LARGE semolina roll to slicing the meat lovingly to putting on just the right amount of oils and sauce.   -The Godfather (Spicy version): it's very fresh and there certainly is a LOT of taste in this.  The vinegar and olive oil mix is delicious, the meat is perfectly sliced (not too thin, but certainly not grossly thick like at Carnegie Deli). The roasted red bell peppers have a good consistency. The spicy vinegar peppers give it a nice spice. The tomato paste which probably gives it the spicy flavor, actually makes it taste kind of like a pizza. The sopressata is of very high quality but I really loved the mortadella.  Mmmm it was very creamy in a way.   FINAL VERDICT: For the price ($7.75) it's worth it, especially for the size. Would I ever need to have it again? No.  It didn't leave me wanting more.
Im sitting on the bench outside of graham ave meats and deli right now, writing this from my phone.  I just finished eating 'willies italian special' (extra spicy) and i must say i feel slightly intoxicated from this milestone in the world of sandwiches.  With the taste of proscuitto and hot peppers still on my tounge, i had to turn to yelp to somehow preserve the glory that is this experience i just had.  This place is such a classic italian family style deli.  I was blown away by their selection of italian specialty items and amazing meats.  It took me a while to order becuase i was just oogling at everything they have to offer.  When i finally did order (willies special- soooo reccomended!) the guys working there were quite friendly.  Great service all around. From what i gather it is the father and his two sons running the place.  One of the sons made my sandwich.  He spent at least ten minutes slicing the choicest cuts of meats and cheeses, stacking, seasoning, hot-peppering, and dressing my sandwich.  The final result was nothing short of a work of art.  Eating this was a sensual experience,  I was full after half of it, but finished the whole thing because it was just that damn delicious. I washed it down with a pint of san pelligrino.......and i feel amazing.....altogether this sparkling water + sandwich odyssey cost me only $10.50.
Good but kinda overrated in my opinion. Everybody on yelp hyped this place up way too hard. 200 plus reviews and a average of 4.5 stars is overkill. I heard nothing but good things about this spot for their Italian special sandwich. From what I saw in pictures, the sandwiches looked humongous but in person, it's a baby sandwich. I guess for those dumb hipsters in Williamsburg, it's a big sandwich to them. The Godfather/Willie whatever. Great taste, excellent bread. Not your typical cheap tasting hoagie from those deli/bodega sandwiches. The bread tasted like it was from Napoli's. For it's price? I don't think not worth it. $8.75 for a sandwich that looked rather flat and short. I was expecting a nice brolic sandwich stuffed with cold cuts, peppers and more but all I got was a just a tiny flat looking sandwich. It's still nothing compared to Sal, Kris, & Charlie's Deli in Astoria. Definitely not a bad tasting sandwich, it just didn't live up to its hype. If the sandwich was fuller and charged for that same price, I wouldn't mind paying that price any day of the week. Seriously, just take a look at my picture of my sandwich and compare it to others. Did I get cheated or something here? Verdict - One and done... Great tasting sandwich, there's no doubt about it but not worth it in my opinion. It's not really the price that throws me off, it's mainly the size and portions of the sandwich. Yes, it's a footlong but a rather flat looking footlong. Perhaps the person who made my sandwich was new, I don't know but for what it's worth, I found it a little disappointing.
I realized that I pretty much only take the time to write a review when I have a bad experience, so I decided I need to write a good review.  Well, this was the first place that popped in my head.  I used to live right down the road from here and just moved.  Damn I miss this place.  It has the feeling of an America since lost to franchises and cost cutting.  The dad and his kids who work here are great guys.  The sandwiches are enormous and great.  The steaks are fantastic.  I love everything about this place (except the line).
One of the best deli sandwiches I've had in NYC. The Godfather was just amazing. While I think the sandwich is a bit more usually, they only had ciabatta and it was $6 for this massive sandwich. I asked for spicy as the sandwich was filled with meat, cheese, arugula, roasted peppers, and a balsamic vinaigrette. The guys behind the counter were really helpful and quick. The place also holds fresh pasta, deli meats, sausages, and other gourmet goods if you want to make a meal for yourself at home.
SOmeone said this is not as good as sal kris and charlies.  That is bullS**t!  The willie special IS as good as the italian at SKC.  SKC is bigger, but this is a step above---better meats, not just borshead, and more interesting condiments.  I love SKC but I love this place as well.  And while some of the sandwiches might look skimpy in the photos, mine was huge--at least rivalling the meatiness of an SKC italian.  I think they are tied for best sandwich in the city.
What can I say that hasn't already been said. Finally got to trying this place today, and not sure I've ever had a better sub.   The balance of ingredients was pretty much perfect.  Friendly people behind the counter too.
the willie's italian is as good as advertised. unless you're starving or have a voracious appetite, get it on the roll for 5 bucks. i can usually down a subway footlong no problem, but had trouble finishing the 8 dollar italian on a hoagie.
This Sandwich spot kept coming up on the Yelp Homepage as best sandwiches in Brooklyn, I have tried many sandwiches in my life and I was really doubting that this sandwich spot would be better than anything I have every tried due to the location, I was wrong. Although I am from Brooklyn the location is not too convenient for me since it's kind of out of my way, I was in the area and decided to give them a try. I must say that from the outside, this shop is not impressive,  The Shop is more of an Italian Butcher shop, nothing fancy, but their sandwiches make up for that. The staff was really cool and helpful explaining all their sandwich menu options. I decided to order 2 sandwiches to share with my folks who were waiting for me outside in the car. I ordered their Chicken Parm and the "Willie" Sandwich. WOW was I blown away, Fresh Fresh Fresh! The Bread that they use to make the sandwich is on a Typical Italian Hero Bread, nothing fancy, but the quality of their meats and chesses is outstanding! Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Juicy chicken, Roasted peppers, aged Prosciutto etc. I recommend this Place to anyone looking for a good sandwich, high quality ingredients, large portions and inexpensive. I will definitely be back for more soon.
Eating the Godfather sandwich from this place is like staring into the face of god and having him say back to you " you are my most wonderous creation". My only suggestion would be to change the awning out front to a picture of Neil Armstrong punching a barracuda to death on the moon. It's just that good...
I have to confess this is my first yelp review.  And it couldn't be anymore fitting that I review my FAVORITE sandwich spot in New York City...that's right!  Not just Brooklyn but the big apple altogether.  Every person that has ever visited me in NY was brought to this deli.... With that all being said I consider myself a sandwich connoisseur.  I make sandwiches, eat sandwiches, think about sandwiches, tell other people about how much I love sandwiches...now that I think about it I eat, breath, and did I say eat sandwiches? I digress... to the heart of the matter.  I stumbled into the Graham Ave Deli during Hurricane Sandy on one of my days off from the storm.  My room mate and I were walking in the Graham Ave neighborhood (L train was down) when we saw two guys literally chomping on what looked to be savory succulence at its finest.  The sandwiches were wrapped in the plastic deli paper common to true deli's...not like the overpriced lunch deli's in Manhattan that use plastic containers.  They told us the sandwiches were as good if not better than they look and gave us directions to the deli. When you walk in there's no bells, whistles, confetti, streamers, and no doorman.  There's no tables inside and only a bench or two outside accompanied by an ATM.  This place does strictly deli meats, deli salads, and the best sandwiches you'll ever be privileged to eat.  You immediately get the feeling that the guys working in there making sandwiches have a sandwich IQ of 160.  You ask them what's on the sandwiches and they start spouting a list of ingredients longer than (insert your own word).   I've always been a huge proponent of never ordering something more than once that I could make myself.  This goes for meals at restaurants sandwiches etc.  I consider myself a talented sandwich creation specialist and I CAN NOT replicate these sandwiches.  Freaking amazing.  The peppers, oils, vinegars, many many variety of meats, oregano... many many other seasonings I cannot even start naming just pure bliss.  And all these flavors blend together in such a method that hypnotizes you when you sink your jaws into it until the sandwich is gone. For those who aren't on strict steak diets, I highly recommend trying the God Father or the Willie Special.  Those two are my favorites but I stick to the God Father 98% of the time....every time.
Please stop coming here. I love this place and all you yelp readers are making the lines too long. Go away, it's mine.
Believe me when I tell you this: Willie's Italian Special is so transcendent that I'm not sure you can call it a sandwich; the only word that can do it justice is "masterpiece." This meat shop is clearly a family business, and this is a family that takes pride in their product. I watched the younger man (Willie's brother) behind the counter construct this edible tour de force for the better part of 10 minutes, and it was a carefully arranged work of art. Meat. Cheese. Seasonings. Peppers. Lettuce. Oil. Vinegar. Love. When he was done making it, he displayed the halved hero for my  approval (immediately granted), and turned to his father. "Did you see the sub I just made?" "Yes son, and I'm jealous." At first, I wasn't sure if he was jealous of his son's sandwich-making abilities, or of me, because I got to leave with that beautiful thing. But after eating it, I have to believe it was the latter.
They have a great selection of hero's and if it isn't there they'll make it for you, tried a couple of them but hands down The Godfather is the best for me with a nice cold Pepsi,the bread is always fresh,I come from manhattan to up by Madison Square Garden to get one of these!! so yeah it's that good.
I love me a good sandwich. You slap layers of fresh meat, veggies and cheese between pieces of bread with the promise of contentment and  flavor and I'll be there in two shakes of a lamb's tail. Fired up. Ready to go. I made my way down Graham avenue one recent afternoon in search of sandwich nirvana. The quiet street is lined with a charming mix of vintage, old school shops mixed in with cool, casual consciousness. A precise community feel that draws in hipsters like moths to a flame. Perhaps the very sort who are quick to proclaim anything retro-oriented or worn as 'awesome' or 'mind-blowingly good'. But I digress. Graham Avenue Meats and Deli sits at the tail end of the street, near the BQE. Outside, the front is plastered with colorful, handwritten signs advertising their goods. "LEAN TENDER PORK CHOPS" sits below "HOME MADE SAUSAGE" I'm working up an appetite just reading these. Inside, there are heady smells of the butcher shop marred with the all-purpose deli. Prepared foods occupy one end. Those meatballs look tantalizing. Cold cuts and cheese in the middle and fresh meats to the other. I sized up the menu and ordered the 'Willie's Italian Special'-a behemoth of a sandwich much publicized recently in the foodie blog-o-sphere. "Is it big?" I inquire. "I mean can one person finish the whole thing?" The SO likes his fair share of sandwiches and I'm not sure if I want to share my Italian creation. "Well," the cute counterman starts, "Some guys can finish it but you would probably finish half and save the rest for later.' He meant well, but little did he know he was talking to a former two time watermelon eating champion** and a general all around glutton. Because I cased that Italian hoagie shortly thereafter in less than 20 minutes. I ended up getting two Italian specials. A spicy for myself and a sweet for the Mister. There isn't any seating inside and a shortage of public spaces on the street, so I ate mine quietly on the bus stop bench outside. It was good, very satisfying but I'd stop short of transcendent. Between the soft, chewy bread lay a careful, thoughtful assembly of meats, cheese and toppings. Artfully arranged so you wouldn't chomp needlessly in a bland pile of sliced meat. There was thinly sliced hot sopressata, pancetta and mortadella paired with provolone, shredded lettuce, onions and tomatoes. Sweet peppers, pickled jalapenos, sun-dried tomatoes and nubs of parmesan rounded out the bells and whistles. They were however, a tad reckless with the balsamic vinaigrette. My sandwich was zesty and tingly but was also drowning in the stuff. A little over the top for my tastes. The husby, an adherent of I.M. Pei in both design and food cried out that his sandwich was 'too much' and he couldn't savor the cheese or meat enough. He had a good point. Overall, Graham Avenue Meats cranks out a fine sandwich. It's enjoyable, well priced sandwich that's still miles above any Subway foot-long. However, given the plethora of amazing Italian deli's in these parts (Joe's Italian Deli, Mike's, Lioni's, Mama's), I'd give Graham Avenue a soft marker on my rotation of go-to sandwich joints. Particularly when I'm feeling a flair for the dramatic. **High school days. A fact I'm still proud to recite today.
heaven is a place on earth.  this place.  5 stars easily.  now, go tell it on the mountain.
i've heard the sandwiches from this DELI are GODLY but i never trekked over because i live in manhattan!!! Finally my out-of-town visitor brought some to my apartment for us to try! --Wille's special: its a nice italian sandwich w/ all the assortment of meats, but I wouldn't say it's a must try or worth a long trip HOWEVER if i lived close by i wouldn't mind scooping up a sandwich once in a while
the g-o-d-f-a-t-h-e-r....
I cannot believe how far I walked for this sandwich.  However, it is the best Italian sub that I have ever eaten.  And, the best that I will probably ever eat in my entire life.  It was the beloved Willie's Italian Special. The strong garlic spread/dressing on the bread really puts it over the edge.   The owner was training a new employee on the slicer and the meats that go into particular sandwiches.  It was rare to hear him say things like, "Walk don't run, learning these things take time.  These customers trust us."  That sort of old world mentality is what makes this family owned shop special, where the customer actually means something.  The youngest working there would make the sub and then slice it in half, and show the inside of the sub to the Pop for approval before packaging. You will not pay more than $8 for one of their famous subs, which is a steal for the city.
one word - AMAZING!!!! you're probably thinking " what could be so amazing about a sandwich?" well, you'll have to try it to see, now won't you?! The guy who made my sandwich was super passionate about it lol and kinda cute too ; )
I have to agree with Deanna and call fugazzi on this one! I knew something was wrong when the owners helper handled a huge raw pork shoulder with no gloves put it in the refrigerator and then began to make the sandwich! If you want the real deal go to Sal Kris and Charlies. yelp.com/biz/sal-kris-an… Any place that is supposed to be making an Italian hero should never have pickles in it. Pickles belong to Katz deli not an Italian deli. Graham Avenue Meats like Deanna said the sandwich is drown in balsamic vinegar. A Salumeria is what makes Italian sandwiches. delallo.com/articles/sal… Deli is actually a German term for delicacies. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De… I think this is okay for a butcher but not a deli or sandwiches or more importantly a Salumeria.
The godfather is my favorite sandwich of all time.  My only complaint is I went in today and now there is like a 14-yr old kid working there who made my sandwich and he definitely needs to be trained better. He didn't know what he was doing. And whats the point of wearing 1 rubber globe?!  Outside of him, the place is awesome and always worth the sometimes long wait.  Great olives and homemade mozzarella too!!
I finally found my way back to these meaty masterminds. This time, there were no camels, the place was empty (can you believe it?), and I tried the Godfather. I ordered it sweet, and once again salivated over the smells wafting around the tiny deli while the strapping young lad behind the counter arranged my Godfather. With a wink and a smile, I was off with a sandwich bigger than a baby's arm. I remember the Willie's Italian Special being large, but this kind of knocked my socks off. I got home and died when I unwrapped the sandwich. Layer upon layer of dream dressings and trimmings. To try and decipher what exactly I ate seems impossible, and wouldn't much matter. Even with all the hype, this place is proving to be a down to earth sandwich haven.
believe the hype. it's just that good.
This is the best of the best. 5 of 5. The Top of the Charts. Stop in your tracks, and listen to me, very very carefully. 1. Grab a friend 2. Head to Graham Meats 3. Talk to the boys behind the counter 4. Order a Willie's Italian and a Chicken Cutlet Sandwich, and split them 5. Melt in Italian sandwich ecstasy 6. Exit your Italian haze of bliss, and go back to the meat counter 7. Order the "Bachelor Special" for $30... a butcher's delight of pork, bacon, sausage, beef, eggs, cutlets... etc 8. Take home, and enjoy some great quality beef from who guys who have more NYC heart and soul in their left pinkie than places like the Meat Hook (which is great, but more for their sausage). 9. Repeat 1-9 every 10 days until coronary troubles commence, then pause for 2 weeks until trouble subsides, then commence again, and... 10. Repeat, repeat, repeat, forever and ever in an Italian haze of butcher bliss.
I've read so many raved reviews about this place and I finally had the opportunity to try it for myself. I ordered Willie's Italian special and couldn't wait to get home and try it. I sat myself down and unwrapped the white paper to see the sandwich in all it's glory. I didn't know where to begin. It was love at first bite. I'm a sucker for a great sandwich and this one had me on my knees. I finished the whole thing in one sitting. Can't wait to go back and try the godfather
On the first day, God said "Let there be Light." On the second day, God created the sky. On the third day, God created the Earth. On the fourth day, God was going to create an Italian deli sandwich, but deferred to Graham Avenue Meats & Deli. On the fifth day, God introduced "Willie's Italian Special" and kinda implied it was his own creation.  Well not implied, but didn't give credit.  He figured people would assume it was his. On the sixth day, a young apprentice at Graham's named Jerry said, "Hey, I'm going to give you a surprise on you sandwich.   You wanna try some specialty hot, marinated peppers?"  Yes. On the seventh day, God gave full credit for the Italian sandwich to Jerry and his family, On the eight day, God created man, and instructed all to honor him:  "I am the Lord thy God, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.   Thou shalt have no other gods before me" "But if hungry, check out the "Willie's Italian Special."
Their sandwiches are good, everything's sliced paper thin, structured well, good proportions.  Maybe tell them to go light on the vinegar, i think its a bit of a crutch.  Graham Ave Meats will also provide you with any cut of meat you want, fresh from the slaughter.  Packer, picnic, butt, belly, u name it they got it.  And if they don't they'll get it fresh from the butcher for you.   All for about 1/4 the price of The Meat Hook. Not quite the same quality, but close, and seriously who's gonna pay $8/lb for some pork shoulder?
