Tiny place with terrific food, great atmosphere, and friendly staff. I wish I could eat breakfast here every day! :) Very good espresso drinks, too.
I just spent a nice few hours here and loved it! Delicious food and drinks and wonderful atmosphere/music. The owner I met was super friendly and nice to talk to!
Such an amazing sweet spot that serves breakfast & lunch. Food is delish. The owners are the nicest people with beautiful kids. I love that they have children's books to occupy the kiddos when they come in with their parents. It's a quaint hidden lil spot that is serving this neighborhood more than just good food but also positive vibes. P.s. The Fulton sandwich is a must when you come here.
Came by for a to go breakfast. It's really a one man show and since I was on the go it took longer than expected. I opted for the Fulton. An it wasn't bad my only grip it was a bit cold by the time I received it. Overall it was ok. I think the corner deli would have been hotter and cheaper!!
Huevos! I've got quite a few cafes near me but I always make the extra trek to Lunitas. The food cannot be beat - everything is super fresh and I always feel like I'm in someone's comfy home. The owner is muy simpatico and plays great music. EAT -The Fulton egg sandwich on the cheddar chive jalepeño biscuit - savory goodness -Fruit/Granola/Yogurt - no skimping whatsoever - freshest variety of fruit -Empanadas - all homemade, you can taste the love! I love this spot. Best cafe in the hood. The only way this place could get better is if they had homemade whipped cream for their hot chocolates. I haven't checked on this matter but will look into it come winter and report back. NOM.
Came here this Saturday for the first time, sort off on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised. This place is small but not cramped. It's very cute. I love the decor. The owners were nice and friendly. I immediately felt comfortable and at home. The iced coffee was tasty and my dish was delish. I also like the easy way of paying and tipping. I will definitely be returning to Lunitas very soon.
It was thanks to Yelp that we found Lunita's, a totally unassuming hole-in-the-wall place we hit up when Scratchbread was closed on a Wednesday. All the reviews (& all that I've read are 5 stars and then some) are right. This place is delicious, and you feel right at home. The chive & cayenne biscuits are out of this world and the cold brew is on point. Wonderful service, beautiful little space (but not cramped) and hella good prices. Diego was very nice to us foreigners (southern girls), and we didn't feel the need to rush. Also, here you will find the trifecta: a clean bathroom, free wifi and outlets. Definitely coming here again on my next stop in NYC!
Wow this place is amazing!! This is going to be my new breakfast spot! The fulton is my favorite! The decor is very nice and hip.  Friendly staff  now I understand why this place has 5 stars! this place rocks!
I pass three other coffee shops to get to this one. This mom & pop shop is focussed on high-quality drinks and food with a Latin flair. The owners are always good for suggestions of other neighborhood places or a chat about a local concert. Head over for an inexpensive hot lunch with a smooth cold brew coffee.
One of my favorite breakfast / lunch spots. Great service, fresh food, quiet atmosphere... Highly recommended !
Great little place with friendly service. Very relaxing atmosphere. Simple and tasty dishes - will be coming back!
In a strange oasis of coffee shops, Lunitas reigns king. Nothing beats a hard-working small business that cares about its customers as much as its products. The staff are friendly and welcoming, the coffee is delicious, and the music is usually tasty (and the empanadas are killer!). It's hard not to smile when you're here, and the backyard will be crucial once it's open. Great job, guys!
I really adore this place. It's beautifully decorated and the owners did a fantastic job fixing up the space. Personally, going to Outpost gives me a lot of anxiety and I can't seem to get comfortable. Lunitas is the perfect alternative. The owners are really sweet and friendly, and overall, the entire place is a lot more welcoming. I haven't dabbled too much in the food department, but I hear they now serve empanadas so I'm sold.
Lunitas is my go-to place in the neighbourhood. The food has always been great but it's getting better and better. The oatmeal, the omelette, and the empanadas are all great. But the sandwiches are the real deal. I tried a new sandwich yesterday that's not on the menu yet -- best sandwich I've had in a long time. I tried the blueberry and mint drink this afternoon. Exactly what I needed after being in the sun all morning. The owners are really friendly and it's a great place to read or work.
What a great spot! I came in as they were opening and got terrific service by the owner. The space is comfortable for homework/work. The music isn't too loud and there are outlets a plenty. They have a 2 hour limit at the tables though I'm sure this is flexible esp if you're spending $. I think I found my new study spot. Oh! Brooklyn Roasters coffee served here and the food was delicious. Hot and cold options!
I am sure I will never go to Outpost again.  These guys are a much better experience.  I visited here three times during my recent trip to Brooklyn.  Every sandwich was excellent, every cup of coffee superb.  The husband/wife team really make you feel welcome, they engage you in conversation, they make a serious effort to get to know you.  I felt like I was with friends while I was in Lunitas.  The Fulton sandwich is excellent, you must try it.  The caprese sandwich was delicious.  They cook to order, so its always fresh and warm.  The coffee is hand pressed throughout the day and I really loved their coffee.  Cannot wait to come back to Brooklyn to visit with them and try some more of their wonderful coffee and food offerings.  You must walk past Outpost and cross the street to try this place.  You will not be sorry.
Fantastic and much needed coffee shop in the neighborhood! I don't even really want to write this review because I'm afraid that this place will get discovered and everyone from the overcrowded Outpost will cross the street and take all the open seats. Also, super nice owners, awesome fresh egg dishes, good coffee, cool vibe. No complaints! Don't tell a friend.
I love eggs. I eat them every morning before work, but on the weekends I make them myself because there's no place around my apartment that serves just scrambled eggs on a plate. I was 100% truly just complaining about this and the fact that I had a headache and had to make breakfast myself when I happened to walk by Lunitas. I decided I'd just grab a bagel, but when I walked in, I noticed that THEY. MAKE. EGGS. Fresh eggs! Any way you want them! And the coffee? Superb. I hate to bring up the competitor *ahem* Outpost *ahem* across the street, but I will never go there again. Lunitas' owners are friendly, it has a family vibe and it's decorated in such a way that I felt like I was world's away from NY. It's also so fairly priced that I thought they made a mistake. I ordered two eggs and a large iced coffee which came to just over $5. I told them they must have the price wrong, but he assured me that's all it costs. Needless to say, this is my new go-to place in the neighborhood to get some work done, read or just grab some good eggs & coffee.
I really wanted to go to Outpost across the street but they didn't have any seats available. I waited for awhile and no one looked like they were leaving anytime soon. It seemed as though people stay there for hours working on whatever projects they had. Anyhow, this cafe is a lot smaller than outpost but it is extremely charming and welcoming. We had the french press coffee (strong and indeed it was strong!) and a raspberry cheesecake. I really enjoy this spot and love this place. I will visit again when i'm in the neighborhood.
Lunita's is my go-to spot. The space and staff are charming, the coffee/food excellent (especially  the Fulton, egg sandwich on cheddar chive biscuit), and they always play delightful music. Also, in the back there are children's clothes/toys for sale (will definitely hit that up for friends' baby showers and kids birthdays) and a nice spot for bigger groups to sit.
Small, bright and comfortable atmosphere with top quality pastry and coffees(they also have sandwiches and empanadas that look good but haven't tried them). I specially enjoy the coffee during Sunday mornings. The customer service is outstanding. The owner  is friendly and gives you personalized attention like no other place I have been in around the area. It gives the atmosphere the warmth that separates them from other good places.
Get the cheese and cayenne pepper scone. Yum
We usually go to Outpost, which I don't like very much, and when it was full (as always) we decided to come across the street to Lunitas. Plenty of space, pleasant, quiet music, good coffee (all things that Outpost does not have!), and yummy looking food. Definitely my new neighborhood favorite. Also, they have a really cute kid's clothing store in the back! Also also, pastries are half off after 3pm!
A friend invited me to breakfast, suggesting Lunita's.  Now, I live right down the block from Lunita's but for the months that it has been open, I have not stepped in once. I'm an Outpost regular, so that was part of it. But also, the building that houses Lunita's just doesn't really catch the eye. I pass it by every single day on my way to the subway to go to work. I said to my friend, "Why not Outpost?" She replied that she liked Outpost and Lunita's both - that it wasn't a competition between the two. Now, having met her there for breakfast, I see exactly what she means. Lunita's is *wonderful* - the owners and staff are friendly. The coffee is strong and delicious. And best of all, they offer what Outpost doesn't and seemingly never will - cooked food. Namely, EGGS. Egg sandwiches, egg plates. That's a game-changer. Plus, let's face it. We love Outpost but sometimes it's a goddamn cluster. I think if you're looking for a quiet heart-to-heart with someone, Lunita's might be a better option. (Have to say, though, if it's Oatmeal you're looking for, stick to Outpost. They are the kings and queens of that particular breakfast item.) All in all, I'm very glad to have popped into Lunita's that one time, because I've done it since then, and will continue to.
Excited to have this cafe open. I've met both owners who were very accommodating and friendly. Nice to have some variety in coffee flavors and can't wait until they start having sandwiches! Very happy to support this local business
The rare 5-star review! This place deserves it. I just visited for the first time; the service was friendly and the food delicious. The egg sandwiches are pricey, but it's not the case (like with so many other places) that the prices are jacked up only to pay the rent-- ingredients were fresh and well put together. I ordered the Fulton, which was, come to think that other coffee shops charge $3.50 for the cheddar/chive/cayenne biscuit, kind of a steal at $7.
just had a bangin' bagel sandwich from here. people who own it are so nice, they really care. great coffee, pastries, and adorable interior. great local spot. go support them!
Lunitas is just the platonic ideal of the cute Brooklyn coffee shop. Owned / operated by an adorable couple who always have their adorable baby on the premises. Probably because they just opened and they're looking to gain a toehold they are super doting - like friendliest coffee shop employees in history. Pastries are quality. Coffee is french press - sometimes they let it get a lil bit too gritty, but they keep it strong / fresh. They sell handmade baby clothes. The music is sometimes a lil bit too loud, but it's usually a great place to relax and get some work done in the morning. The neighborhood really needed  this place.
Searching for breakfast/brunch places on Yelp! and stumbled onto this place, which, at the time, had all 5-star reviews, so I was anxious to visit. At the recommendation of fellow Yelpers, I went for the Fulton egg sandwich. It was outstanding. You can't go wrong with a cheddar chive cayenne biscuit. That biscuit had some kick, too! Eggs were perfectly cooked. Avocado was fresh. What I really love, though, is how quaint and cozy this place is, especially on this rainy day. The couple who run the place are so sweet, and the space is incredibly calm. We should all take a lesson in zen from them. The entire operation - all the cooking and food prep, the coffee brewing - everything - is done in a small space behind the counter. How do they work without killing each other? The decaf is made to order in a press. It was very good. Tip: plan your visit soon. This place is about to explode and there will be a line for blocks to get inside.
Amazing little spot with one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have eaten. Their signature sandwich, the Fulton, has scrambled egg, herbs, tomato, and avocado on a cheddar/chive/cayenne biscuit. (Yes, you read that right). And you can add bacon if you're so inclined, as I was.   This is a tiny place with a genuine, laid back vibe. Your meal is prepared right behind the counter in one of the littlest kitchens I've seen, by friendly folks who clearly enjoy their customers and making great food. We owe our visit to Yelpers as the 5 star review got our attention while looking for a new place for breakfast in this part of town.
Such a lovely place to do some teacher work on a weekend. Good people, delicious coffee, lots of sunlight and great music. Have been going since the week it opened and it has been great to see it be more and more part of the neighborhood. The Fulton egg sandwich and French press for 2 (even if it's just you) is the way to go!
