Check in was a breeze at 2pm.  I was grateful there we weren't asked to wait until 3pm check-in, after traveling all day.  The front desk staff were sweet and very friendly.  The room was clean and roomy.  The beds were comfortable.  I never did manage to lower the temperature in the room below 72 degrees, which was sweaty for me, but my traveling companions, who are always cold, thought it was lovely.  No free wi-fi, unless you trade a day of maid service.  My phone never did work in the room, which was irritating, but that's on Verizon, not Hilton.  Our request for a late check-out was swiftly and kindly accommodated, too.  Great location to theater district and Central Park.  Overall, a solid 3-stars.
I recently stayed here for five nights as I was attending a conference. The rooms was lovely...very decent size by any city standards, clean and bright (19th floor) and didn't seem dated. I did get free wifi as part of a promotion, as long as I agreed not to have my room cleaned one day. Uh, sure, sold! The only thing I'd be careful of is how close your room is to the housekeeping area on a floor. They arrive early and are quite loud when talking to one another which sucks if you are hoping to sleep in a bit. However the employees were very friendly in general. There is a gym on site which was very clean and had a decent array of cardio equipment and free weights. The elevators were at times busy but I didn't wait for a long time as some previous reviewers noted. I did however want to punch the screen playing the Hilton story after about day two. It got to the point where other guests would recite it in the elevators (NOT A GOOD THING, HILTON!) because it was that repetitive and that annoying. Maybe most of their guests only stay one night so they think it's okay to play the same message over and over and over? I'm not sure. The bar in the hotel off the lobby was nice but really pricey. Like "we're taking advantage of you" pricey. I get paying a bit more but it was over 20 for an individual cheese pizza. Location wise, this is great. Lots to see and do around the hotel. The conference areas were also very nice - typical but nice. Like any conference, wear layers because you never know how hot or cold a room is going to be. The catering for any meals I had was average...nothing great but nothing disgusting either. The catering staff seemed confused at one of the luncheons anytime someone asked for a vegetarian meals. I'm pretty sure vegetarians aren't too rare anymore but the staff seemed to look at them like they were mutants. If you are looking for a large, conveniently located hotel, this one will do the trick. Its not the cheapest, but its not the most expensive either.
Tried the New York Hilton for the first time over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel is very centrally located, convenient to Central Park, Rockefeller Center and Times Square without being in the thick of things. The downsides are that hotel is very busy, making check-in time consuming. Also, the food prices are heavily marked up (a bottle of orange juice from the take-away bar in the lobby was $4.50---outrageous!). The upsides were that our room was a good size with ample seating space for two. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was in good condition. There was an ice machine available on our floor, and since we were on the 36th floor, the street noise was greatly reduced. At check-in, we were offered the option of having free wireless internet in exchange for forgoing housekeeping. As we were only staying for two nights, I valued having the internet access much more, and it worked out. Overall, I was happy with the New York Hilton and would consider staying here again.
Convenient location, comfortable rooms (although, depending on the floor and room type, the bathroom space can be really tight) and friendly staff.  But the two best things about this hotel are the fitness room (one of the better ones for a hotel fitness facility) and the concierge lounge host, Debra (who is extremely gracious).  I'm guessing that the reviewers who found this hotel overpriced may have stayed here during those specific times when hotels in New York generally become ridiculously overpriced.  Otherwise, I think this is a pretty reasonably priced hotel for a full service Hilton in the middle of New York City.  The price needs to be benchmarked against comparable hotels in comparable locations at comparable times, and I think this hotel is priced about right in relation to its peers.
I won't fuss about the price because well, the location is prime and being expensive is expected. The rooms were pretty good and larger than I thought they would be considering it's NYC. It is NOT the right set up for huge conferences, though. Their conference rooms and ball rooms are on separate levels and on opposite ends of long hallway areas, so it's a pain to get from one area to the next if you're at a large event. The staff was very hit or miss in terms of helpfulness and niceness. Outside of the hotel, though, it's an easy walk from Times Square (less than a mile) and Central Park (only a couple blocks to the edge) in the opposite direction. I actually walked from Penn Station my first time to the Hilton, but if you have a bunch of luggage or it's dead summer/winter, you may want to skip the mile and a half walk. It takes you right through Time Square, though, and is great for people walking along the way.
This hotel is good. Good location Great value especially for Midtown Spacious room by New York standards Nice clean room Great toiletries The only bad parts: 1)  The line for the front desk was never less than a 20 minute wait. That is unacceptable. As a business traveller, the hotel was terribly inconvenient.   2) the room service was terribly over priced, even for new york. $67 for a sandwich and iced tea with a side of fruit. I might come back, but I would not trip over myself to do so.
What a disappointment. Check-in was no problem Our bags were checked for no fee - we got a voucher first. Otherwise there would have been an early check-in fee. I asked and was told that coffee machines were removed from the rooms years ago. Alright - a microwave perhaps? Would be sent up, obviously with the free wifi. Someone in our group needed a microwave for medical reasons - he never got it over the course of one week. There are only 6 microwaves for the entire hotel.  Wifi - is free only in the lobby; if you want it elsewhere you can pay. Late check out - fee. You want to eat - Herbs & Kitchen is grossly overpriced. You want a fridge? Good luck with that. We needed to find a pair of dress shoes, and the woman behind the desk, while very nice, sent us to Foot Locker. The bright spot was the Concierge who found me a tailor to repair a zipper. The bed was not comfortable, either. And the hotel was, basically, an icebox. I will not return here. The Jewel Facing Rockefeller has this hotel beat, hands down.
I've stayed at several hotels in the city and this one was one of the best ones in terms of room space and location. First off, the room was really spacious ...and not just by NYC standards but by any standards! Secondly, the location couldn't be better, especially if you're a tourist. You are only a few blocks (or less) away from Times Square, 5th Ave, Radio City Music Hall, etc. Multiple subway lines are also within a few minutes walk making city commute much more convenient. The rooms were clean and service was OK.  My only complaint would be the lack of a mini fridge in the rooms.  There was space for one in one of the cabinets and looked like there used to be one, but it was now empty.  Also, even though I don't drink the coffee you make in your room, I didn't notice that being offered either. Overall, I enjoyed my stay here and with my friend's Hilton rewards card, we scored free breakfast, internet and use of the gym. The rooms are pricey I think but I had a credit through hotels.com which made it almost half price.  If the price was right, I would definitely stay here again. P.S. Famous Halal Guys food cart is on the corner....like literally when you walk out of the hotel...SUPER BONUS :)
I was put up here by my company for 2 weeks so did not really have a choice. I am glad that they are paying the bill and not me. Room price for my queen bed is $400-500/night!!! And what do you get for that price? No coffemaker in the room. If you want coffee first thing you wake up, either go outside in the cold and buy from Starbucks, or order room service. That'll set you back $20 for small pot. Ridic. No free breakfast. You pay, you pay now!! No wifi or internet access. You pay! You pay now! I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn a few blocks away for a couple of days and internet access was FREE!!! If you are staying for extended amount of time, and you like to work out like me.. then you pay! You pay now! For access to their fitness center. Again, the Hilton Garden Inn was FREE!! And if you ever need anything from front desk, be prepared to wait in line with the rest of people checking in. No special line for you, even though you've been staying in the hotel for over a week now. You're just cattle, get in line you loser!! Service is downright ghetto, I've had better treatment at Motel 6. Then if you want to just walk in the lobby to get back to your room, or to leave somewhere.. be prepared for mobs of people coming and going and walking in every which way and direction. There are lines for everything.. taxi, elevators, doors, registration, etc. It is craziness, and not the good kind. I hated every minute of my stay in this hotel. I've never stayed at a Hilton, for personal travel I prefer smaller hotels with character, and free stuff like breakfast and wifi. So this experience just confirmed for me that the name Hilton is like that one Paris.. it's just some hooker with a fancy name. Don't stay here.
Two main experiences ruined my stay here. First, the toilets in the room clogged twice, with the plumber taking exceptionally long the second time. In addition, the showers can be confusing due to all the water conservation measures and water will frequently pool up on the restroom floor. The second instance was when my dad was inquiring out sightseeing destinations in the lobby. Even though I found a convenient kiosk with nobody quequed up for it, the staff glared at me when I tried to tell my dad about the kiosk. Wouldn't come back here if I had a choice.
Location, yes, but I mean, at what cost? $400 per night got us: 20 minute line to check in shoe-box sized room with a single queen bed no fridge/microwave pee-smelling bathroom (mysteriously disappeared after 1st housekeeping visit) breakfast voucher for cold stuff or $19 toward the $36 buffet that includes hot stuff charges for wi-fi charges for *local* calls charges for charges We did have a deal for this room bringing it down to around $250 per night, with the caveat that we had to attend a sales pitch for a time share.  You'd think that if they were trying to impress us or entice us to buy, they'd at least put us up in a nice room (which they do have in this hotel).  Or maybe they'd consider that we're HH Gold members (5 stays away from diamond, baby) and take care of us a bit here. Nope.  Suffice it to say we will not be returning to this hotel.
Stayed at the Hilton for 2 nights during Easter weekend. All I needed was a nice bed and a clean room so the Hilton Hotel shared with my family was pretty good. We arrived at 5am but we didn't get our room until 2pm which was ok since regular check-in is 3pm. We parked our van with valet $61 per day for large cars. You can't beat the location, right across the MoMA and walking distance to most NYC attractions. The room and bathroom was clean. Check-in was quick and staff was friendly. There's a list of deal-breakers tho (did not apply to me) - Wifi is $15 a day, free at the Lobby - The lobby can be a zoo and line ups are long - no mini fridge in the room - Ice machine is located in the not so nice service room (they store beds and janitorial stuff I liked our stay at the Hilton, but there are a lot of other choices in the city that provides free wifi and a fridge. The famous Halal Guys food cart is located at the corner which is a plus =)
Location, location, location.  This Hilton has a great location near Radio City Music Hall, the 53rd & 6th Halal Cart, and Starbucks (in the lobby).  It's also very close to the London NYC (Gordon Ramsay's place).  I saw Mick Jagger across the street at the premiere of the Rolling Stones movie.  Speaking of movies, they feature the conference room area at the end of Michael Clayton. The rooms are comfortable with a view (at least from our room) of several office buildings.   It doesn't look that snazzy on the outside because it's an older location but you don't notice that once you're inside.  They have shops, a restaurant and other amenities (fitness club, spa) but I don't go to NYC to hang out in the hotel so I didn't really notice those.
One of my favorite hotels when in the city and not in my own apartment (it happens - corporate apartment, has other guests!!) The Hilton is located in a not-so-prime but yet almost ideal location in  midtown Manhattan.  It's just far enough away from the Times Square tourist rush and the Central Park shopping but is just a few minutes walk away.  It's also located almost across the street from Radio City Music Hall and within a couple of blocks of the Rockefeller Plaza retail and dining establishments.  Also readily accessible to the Green line on 57th and 6th as well as several other lines within a few blocks ~ 5 stars for location The Hilton is a towering edifice of glass and steel - completely at home in Manhattan and making no attempt to pretend that it's a "boutique" hotel.  You enter into a lavishly appointed huge lobby with about 20 desk clerks waiting to check you in during rush hour (weekday evenings).  There's also a special desk for HHonors Diamond Elites which is a welcome and nice touch!  Guests at the Towers (part of the hotel) have a separate check-in area - I've been lucky to use that once before. 2 large bar areas are found adjoining the lobby - both offer bar food.  As in any luxury hotel, drinks are grossly overpriced but you pay for the ambiance, I guess! ~ 4 stars overall for general hotel ambiance Now, regarding this specific stay... My friend was able to find a Priceline rate for this 4 plus star property at an incredible less than $150 with taxes and fees.  That is a great deal for this establishment and I was eager to see what they would give us for that rate.  Also, arriving early on the red-eye from SFO, I was anxious to see if they would let us check in early on a Priceline rate to freshen up! Walked up to the Diamond Desk and within minutes, were checked in, and upgraded to a deluxe room.  Happened to be an accessible room but it was quite roomy by NY standards.  Nice and abundant light fixtures, windows trim (automatic remote controlled room darkening drapes FTW!!!) Nice big screen LCD TV and a minibar setup completed the ambiance.  Bathroom had no tub but a walk-in/wheel-in shower (since it was an "accessible" room, I guess!) ~ 4 stars for the room Elevators are a bottleneck at this hotel - they are optimally set up for a high rise, with separate banks for separate sets of floors.  This works well when there is a predictable, and fairly even demand for the elevators.  Unfortunately, this Hilton also hosts several large conventions (a sorority of African American ladies were having their reunion or some anniversary).  When these conventions let out between sessions and at the end of the day, the elevators are overwhelmed.  I have learned to take the elevators to the highest floors and work my way down but if you don't know this trick, you can be waiting for up to 45 minutes sometimes, so be warned! ~ 2 stars for hotel logistics and elevator operations. Did not try room service but housekeeping was great - always had a good supply of fresh towels and amenities.  Crabtree and Evelyn amenities, that are standard for most Hiltons. ~ 4 stars for in-room service and maintenance ~ 4 stars overall, for convenient location, excellent front-desk staff, room and room amenities and overall service experience.  The Hilton New York continues to be one of my favorite places to stay in Manhattan! # 94
I think my favorite part of the stay was: 1. the 5 Pacific Coast Pillows (Touch of Down).. i really wanted to take them home.. and yes i looked that shit up 2. halal cart across the street 3. the Hookless shower curtain with snap-in liner (they are genius.. yes i = dork) The staff were friendly, rooms a bit on the small side, pricey, charges for accepting packages, etc. We had a conference there, otherwise, we'd probably stay elsewhere.
My fiancé & I stayed at the Hilton New York and had a fantastic time!  I got a great deal on Priceline for only $115/night. Gotta love those 'Name Your Own Price' deals!  At the time of check-in we were instantly upgraded. =) The entire check-in process was quick & painless. What a great start to our anniversary weekend! During our NY trip last year, we stayed at the InterContinental The Barclay.  This hotel is timeless, gorgeous, and grand. We had a huge room w/nice amenities but not much of a view.  Our room in Hilton New York wasn't quite as huge but it was big enough, especially since NY hotel rooms are typically cramped.  My favorite part of the room was our bathroom which featured a large tile shower that looked modern & sleek.  They also had plush & thick towels.  I HATE those cheap, thin, & scratchy towels at some of these so-called 4-star hotels.  I also enjoyed the soft bedding.  Hilton New York delivered on the small details that mattered most. Other perks: * Location, location, location - very close to 5th Ave, yes I LOVE to shop!!! Also w/in walking distance to Times Square although we didn't bother visiting this time around.  Been there, done that.  Hotel is next door to the MoMa and close to train stations. Walking distance to several bars/lounges. * Friendly staff * Clean & spacious room - well at least ours was. * Across the street is the best Halal Cart in the city - a must try! (spicy lamb over rice w/white sauce.... MmMmm) * Around the corner from Ray's Pizza * Starbucks inside the hotel Will I stay at this hotel again? Sure, why not?!
This hotel is fantastic. I reserved a normal room with two full size beds. When we arrived, our room wasn't going to be ready for 2 hours. Without giving me a chance to negotiate, the woman at the front desk immediately gave us an upgrade. I figured it would be a standard upgrade to a room with two beds and a couch or something. Turns out they gave us the Empire Suite for free! It was HUGE! Two living rooms, dining room, bar, 2 bathrooms and a separate king sized bedroom.  On top of all that, they also threw in extra roll-away beds for my friends. It made my brothers bachelor party an evening to remember. This hotel absolutely has my business going forward. Also, the price was very reasonable.
This is a very nice hotel and is in the Times Square area.  It is quite impressive and has lots of floors and rooms.  It seems to cater to both the business traveler and the vacationer.  The exercise facility is really large with lots of machines.  There are several restaurants in the hotel and food of course available 24 hours a day.  The rooms are typical for Hilton, which is quite large and for NYC is significantly larger than most.  The executive lounge was available for continental breakfast and snacks in the afternoon and evening and drinks throughout the day.  I'm sure that the experience here is better since I'm diamond level HH.  Overall, great hotel.
2.5 stars My stay was not the most personable experience -- and am certainly more of a fan of the boutique experience. This Hilton is huge. My room was a decent size but the walls were really quite thin and lots of hall noise. Great location -- and price was very reasonable on Priceline, but certainly would not choose to stay here except for business....there are too many other great boutique hotels in New York.
I was in NY for a number of reasons this past weekend and one of them was to get some credentialing (teaching) exams out of the way. The tests I took are state-wide exams that are held throughout the state on the same day and the Hilton & Towers was the location for Manhattan test-takers. Obviously I can't speak for the rooms since I didn't stay overnight but as far as event space goes, the rooms were huge and airy, definitely spacious enough to accommodate the hundreds (thousands?) of people who were there for the various reasons that Saturday. The staff is well-organized and despite the different crowds of tourists, businesspeople, and event participants, I was directed towards my section without a hitch. The hotel is ideally located in the middle of everything so anything you're looking to do is pretty much within walking distance. The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because I haven't experienced every aspect of the hotel which includes any eateries on the premises as well as the rooms to stay in.
I have to say that I'm disappointed and in awe with the staff of this hotel.  As a frequent business traveler that have been to many hotels, and I have never experience a more despicable service than what I have experienced tonight, especially in NYC. We were entering the hotel at around midnight after picking up some chicken and rice from the Halal guys, and we were screamed at by the security guard to show our room key.  In a quick response, we flashed our cards and told him to relax.   The security guard immediately called the security manager Henry to follow us to the lobby lounge area where we were eating our food.  Upon my third bite, the security manager approached us and closed off the lounge area and informed us that we were not allow to eat there.  In the most unprofessional manner that I've ever seen in a hotel, he directed us to eat in our room cause we might dirty the area.  His tone and the way he treated us as the hotel guest  was appalling.  The most ridiculous part  was that the security manager even tried to confront us when we wanted to file a formal compliant on how rude the security guard was at the entrance of the hotel. Bottomline is - Hilton NYC is not a customer first hotel, your complaints will be ignored and brushed under the rug - Your Hilton Diamond status and loyalty to the Hilton chain doesn't matter, cause you will get treated like crap regardless.   - The lounge in the lobby is off limit to the hotel guest - The staffs are rude - Security guards and manager do more profiling than the airport security Stay away from this Hilton hotel if you want to be treated with respect, doesn't matter what Hilton Honors status you have.  Don't let these people ruin your trip, take your business to the Starwoods or Marriotts where they would actually appreciate your business.
This was my 2nd time to stay in this hotel.  The first time, I was given a much bigger room, and this- without my being a Hilton Honors reward program member.  I was expecting a bit more for my second trip.  Boy was I wrong!!!! I was given a very small room next to the stairwell- I had SPECIFICALLY requested in the on-line reservation to NOT be placed near ANY exits. This room was not very clean.  The carpets were dirty.  Also, the wall paper was tearing away in sections.  Both in the bathroom and the main room. To my utter surprise, this room had neither a mini bar nor a refrigerator.  It also lacked a coffee/tea maker and a microwave.  For $275+/night- customers expect and deserve more.  I could have had all the aforementioned and then some at a standard Holiday Inn Express.   To make matters worse, I was on a business trip and was hoping to take advantage of the in room Wi-Fi service.  If I was in the hotel lobby, all was good.  If I came up to my 25th floor room- I couldn't connect.  When I inquired at the desk, they had their tech people call my room.  Come to find out, they would only send a tech to my room if I was there- and I had to be present between 8:30am and 2:30pm- the peak time of my business calls in town.  That is VERY inconvenient for a business person who is having to travel all over Manhattan to make his/her business calls.  Needless to say, business came first- and the Wi-Fi tech meeting was not to be. THIS WAS EXTREMELY AGGRAVATING!  Again, not an issue with Holiday Inn or Ramada.   The breakfast buffet is a COMPLETE rip off.  Stay away from it.  Choices included a cereal buffet line for $19/pp, light buffet for $27/pp or a full buffet at $39/pp.  The food I was served was hot, but very greasy and very low quality.  It was not worth the lower tier price, let alone the price I paid for it.  I found the local street vendors' food to be higher quality and at a very reasonable price.  There are also several bistros within walking distance if you are a stickler for restaurant-based fare. While the location of this hotel was about perfect for the nearly 15 business calls I made in 4 days, I will definitely choose another hotel in the future.  Probably The Sofitel.  This Hilton is definitely not worth the money I paid.  As a matter of fact, it's not worth half of what I paid.  A real disappointment.   You lost a customer for good, Hilton.  You need to seriously step up your game if you intend to be a major player in the future.  From where I sit, you are going downhill faster than Olympic skier-medalist Bode Miller...
I stayed there this past week and was seriously disappointed with the room.  I've never stayed at a Hilton before, nor in any other hotel in NY, so the state of the room may be acceptable.  But being an avid traveler and having just come from the Venetian in Las Vegas, and the Ritz in Florida, I was seriously disappointed.   Considering the prices were the same.  Now I know one shouldn't compare the Ritz to the Hilton, but trust me they weren't even close. There was a nasty looking stain on the carpet that had been there for some time and was disgusting.  The drain for the bathtub was clogged and so the water ran slow.  If you took a long enough shower (2 minutes or more) you'd be standing in a puddle of your own (and possibly other people's) filth.  The drain wouldn't close without banging on it for some time.  The towels weren't all that white, and didn't seem to be cleaned that well.  In fact one of the nights I stayed there the cleaning staff "forgot" to leave extra towels.   The room was hardly ever dusted, and appeared to be poorly cleaned in general.  The TV had all the input ports blocked so I couldn't hook up my travel DVD player and the prices for their in room movies was too high...$10... a bit steep if you ask me. The fixtures in the bathroom were hung crooked, as if they were done quickly and not scrutinized afterward.  There was no exhaust fan in the bathroom, which really irritated my wife, since the bathroom (and the entire room itself) was rendered uninhabitable after several of my visits.  Keep in Mind I was in an "executive" suite with 2 beds.  The room was small, which isn't totally unacceptable as I was hardly there anyway.  The location was good and within walking distance of everything I needed to go see so that was a plus. At least the sheets were lean and so were the pillows.  The room wasn't decorated very nice but it wasn't atrocious.  The staff was courteous and helpful so it wasn't a totally horrible experience.  But for the price ($400/night) it was definitely not what I had expected from a "Hilton".   For the money I'd go elsewhere.  And in the future, I will avoid the Hilton chains as much as possible.
No coffee maker and bible!? WHAT?! I'm not a coffee drinker but the husband is and he was sad face...we also aren't religious but every hotel we go to, we try to find Jesus. We went for NYE...it was really crowded and we appreciated the security.
I stayed for two nights for a conference in the hotel.  The location is fantastic.  I didn't have a lot of free time but was able to get to Central Park for a quick walk between meetings and dinner.  I was happy to see the rooms were updated and comfortable.  Can't speak to the service - check-in was quick and that was all the interaction I needed.
Dear Hotel Manager, It is December 8th and I am still here for one more night.  You have time to make amends... But so far my experience has not been great for these specific reasons: - Long line to check in last night - Went up 20+ floors only to find my keys didn't work - Back down to lobby to wait in short(er) line to remedy - NO HOT WATER this morning, shower was barely warm and not even close when I was shaving after Everything else about this place is probably typical for New York so I will bite my tongue.  I just need to get back to Los Angeles where food, drinks, and hotels are much more affordable (sic). Best Regards,
While a decent location, there's not much else here except for that. Even as a HHonors Gold member, my experience was extraordinarily ordinary. I had an incredibly tiny one queen room where I didn't really have more than a few feet of clearance on each side of the bed. I had to angle myself to close the bathroom door without closing it on myself. And while I appreciate them having security measures at night (requesting the presentment of a room key), a hotel that's large enough that needs security measures is inevitably going to have that factory feel. This hotel has way too many tourists, way too many groups, and just way too many people. Unless you're forced to stay here (whether by company or convention), I recommend you look elsewhere.
It's kind of a 3.5 star hotel, but I was here long enough to appreciate the pros of this hotel.  It's close to both the F and E lines...and the NQR, I think.  I love that the rooms I was in, had a glass shower.  Loved that.  Bathroom was good for the room.  Request a room with no adjoining door if you plan to be there for more than a couple days.  I hated that the lobby was a zoo most of the time.  It's like Times Square.  I heard they put in a new vodka lounge.  Might be cool, but I don't think I'll be finding out any time soon.
Nice location, comfortable, but backed up elevators. No free wi-fi. I got a pretty sweet deal here from priceline- especially for being in midtown manhattan. The room is a decent size, the bed is pretty comfy. When you check in, you can get a key for the mini-fridge. The items aren't sensor triggered so you can move stuff around if you want to store something in the mini-fridge. TV was a flat-panel lcd. Many lamps throughout the room, some are LED (pretty cool). Since it was a handicap-accessible room, everything in the bathroom was lowered. Lower sink, lower toilet, chair + grab rails in the shower. The door to the bathroom was a sliding door and didn't lock at all ( ????). Shower pressure wasn't limited. The sink had problems draining. The lobby was pretty big and extravagant. There was a statue thing in the middle- think rotunda style. The only thing I didn't really like was the elevators. Each set of 3 elevators service different sets of floors. Depending on the time of day, you might be waiting quite a while to go up/down. Unfortunately, there was a sorority in town celebrating their 100th anniversary in the hotel which made the wait a lot longer (30+ min). Elevator Efficiency FAIL! Bonus, that halal cart that everyone goes to is just across the street. pic: static.px.yelp.com/bphot… Overall I rate it 3.5*.
Ain't nothin' to write home about... In fact, I didn't. I still have their complimentary post card. My room looked like the inside of a Victoria's Secret striped lingerie bag. It just did. It wasn't very big and there were two of us. During the late, late night after an evening of clubbing my friend was convinced that she heard rats. RATS!!! Not the Steven Piercy Robin Crosby kind but the BEN, Nicodemus, Judas kind! They screwed up roomservice. How can you screw up something so sacred!  The concierge directed me to a ho-hum restaurant. This is pure sacriledge. Just say no, unless you think you've gotta' camp out at the park or Carnegie deli just stay somewhere else and take a cab.
I was here for work two weeks ago and it was a big-ass letdown.  I had never stayed at a Hilton before, and so when I found a room here for the same price as much more down-to-earth hotels, I got pretty amped.  In actuality, nope. The location is cool, and it's nice to be in such a tall hotel, but my biggest complaint -- echoed below -- is the fact that all the extras cost just that, extra.  What kind of schmancy hotel charges for the damn gym?  F that.  And free wireless service would be nice, but that shit costs almost as much as a day at the gym.  I found out later I could have expensed the gym part, but for $18 it's just not cool. Not only does the Hilton family insist on much too large a share of the spotlight, but they then throw this crappy-hotel stuff around too.  I say, no more!
We stayed here during the transit strike, and could have been more impressed with the visit.  The price was comparable to what we would have paid at another hotel in the area, and the rooms were very small.  We stayed on the 41st floor in the tower and it was smaller than the rooms our friends stayed in on the lower floors.    To get an elevator up was an excersize in patience, and the place looked like a frat house because their workers weren't getting in, but they still had plenty of workers standing around doing nothing.   A little delegation and chipping in when you see messes would have made for a much more pleasant visit.   If you stay in the towers you get a 'free' breakfast on the 44th floor.  It's bagels, mystery pastry and little boxes of cereal with some underripe fruit thrown into the mix.    Would I go back to the hilton? Maybe, but mostly because it's got the best location, although for a similar price and a couple blocks uptown you could stay at the always lovely 4 Seasons.
Trust me, you can do better. The lobby is nice and the staff helpful but the rooms? We got 2 suites that were not sweet (ahhh HAAAAAAAAAAaaa). The carpeting was stained, the furniture chipped and old, and the bathrooms mediocre. Bathroom was quite small and NO exhaust fan (how did that pass code?). The bed sheets were stained with what I hope was fruit punch. The view was nice but it's nice at The London too, where the rooms are spotless. For half the price, I'd give it 4 stars.
I've stayed in a lot of hotels.....A LOT, and this one was a lot better than I thought it would be. Location is amazing, rooms were big for NY (about average for anywhere else) and service was fine. Waiting for elevator was painful once or twice, but usually OK. I wouldnt book anywhere else when I return to NY in the near future.
Eh, ... So the lobby is really nice. The room is decorated in a classy elegant way... but oh my god was it small! Fit the queen size bed, and a arm chair to the right and then the mini bathroom. The window view over looked over building roof tops, nothing special. Therefore we paid a ridiculous price for nothing. The room was clean and all but well not worth the amount of money we spent to stay at the "Hilton".. though I must say I loved the bar and restaurant located in this hotel. Great appletini's at the bar, nice atmosphere ( just don't eat the peanuts mix left on the table) lol... The restaurant had great food, again pricey yet good and a cozy atmosphere there. The wait for Valet to bring our car back so we could leave the hotel was ridicullllllous! Over an hour, maybe close to 2? It was around Christmas time maybe that is why but still... where the hell was my car parked to take that long, china town NYC? Overall a nice, clean hotel. Its a Hilton Hotel in NYC, so prepare to be raped for your money. ;)
Three words: location, location, location. (edited to add... I totally wrote this before seeing Lolia S's review... rock on!) We got the Hilton NY through Priceline, and it was a great deal.  The rooms were nice and comfortable... love the down duvets.  The views... well, can you get bad views in NYC?  I can see how one may be upset at paying $300/night here (then again, it's NYC) but Priceline is the way to go (if you're lucky enough to to snag the Hilton). But locationwise it was great.  Why people complain about the distance to subway stations, I don't know... it's 3 friggen blocks! (Or one block crosstown).  We walked in 25F weather and was fine.  It was also a very short taxi ride to Central Park, the Met and Times Square.  You can walk to Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Center, and MOMA.  There were also convenience stores nearby, and even a market a little further away. A bonus... the famous 53rd and 6th Halal Cart is right across the street!  (Which leads to one gripe... there wasn't enough seating in the lobby... we wanted to enjoy our combination platters in warmth, and we had to sit at an Internet terminal). I would be stoked to get this hotel on Priceline.  I may even consider paying to stay here too.
If you are on a budget. Avoid this place. It's a Money Pit. With every purchase, the hotel finds ways of shaking down more money from you. Let's start with the Food. So, the full breakfast is $35, but to add more insult to injury they already apply a 15% gratuity to your bill without asking (same goes for the bar). Wait. I'm not finished yet. On top of the gratuity, they also apply a SERVICE CHARGE to your bill which oddly matches the amount of the gratuity....oh...and I forgot to throw in the tax.   If the restaurant simply had a drink station that allowed you to get your own coffee/tea/orange juice. The waitstaff would be unnecessary, but the fact that someone pours you a cup of OJ in cups slightly larger than shot glasses while you 'serve'  yourself at the buffet justifies a 15% tip + 15% Service Charge (the hidden tip). Even though the hotel offers a Starbucks inside, avoid this location. Just cross the street from the entrance of the hotel, and there is another Starbucks that offers a full selection of their items (breakfast sandwiches included) with FREE wifi.  If Starbucks is not your thing there are a wealth of places to eat in the surrounding area that are fairly priced if you want breakfast, lunch, or dinner. As far as wifi, it is not free at this location. With the amount being paid for their room, I would think that my parents would receive free wifi. Nope. Okay. So, we have to pay. Fine.  What is the one time charge that I have to pay for internet access to my room? Nope. They do not offer that service. But, for the 'low' price of $25, you can have wifi service for your device for 24 hours. Note that I only said one device. So, if you want to have wifi for your laptop, ipad, iphone, android phone, kindle, kindle fire...whatever. You much pay $25 for 24 hours usage of wifi for EACH device. SMDH. I was carrying a iPad 2 (w/ 3G access but it was not activated). So, I walked across the street and used the free wifi at Starbucks to get access to the internet/emails/etc. I ultimately decided to activate my 3G access, so I could use my iPad within my room. Better to spend $20-$30 to be able to use my device for a month rather than pay $25 daily. The only plus that I will give this place is that I was a hop and a skip away from the MOMA and the 53rd & 6th Halal (the only reasons I would go back to the area).
It was my first time at this Hilton and it is horrible. Room was mixed up, service was horrible, so difficult to catch a taxi at the hotel, and it was noisy. My luck or not, however President Bush was at this particular location the day I arrived. So, with that said I wasn't able to leave or enter the hotel. "These men in Black said that "I wasn't VIP." When do you need to be VIP to leave a hotel??? Anyway, the staff at the hotel wasn't much help either, they sent me around the hotel to every possible entrance to exit the premise. I didn't get the room I booked and the lobby was super busy; I felt like I was at a subway station. Catching a cab here was nearly impossible and took at least 15 mins or longer each time.
Great location, but our first room had a painter working in there, and our second room was the size of a large closet, and had a dirty diaper on the floor. I'd stay at the other Hilton a few blocks away the next time.
I need to start reading my reviews - forgot I wasn't a big fan the last time. It's been a while since I've stayed here and I have stayed at the Hilton a number of times. I think what I confirmed on this trip is that this hotel is much more suited for personal travel rather than business travel. They have started offering Premium internet for $18.99 which gets you 3.79Mb/s down speedtest.net/result/705… The problem is that the concierge lounge is a cluster, Diamond status does not get you a good room and if you're on an inconvenient floor, navigating the elevators could prove annoying.
The Hilton New York is twice listed on Yelp, so I am posting my review under both listings. Unlike many a yelper, my recent Saturday night at the Hilton New York was splendid.  (I may have benefitted from all the negative reviews... I wonder if they led to the great rate I got on my room and the hotel exceeded my low-expectations.) The exterior of the Hilton and its lobby are outdated, but the hotel accomodated my early check-in and I was pleasantly surprised by my room on the 22nd floor (for which I paid $150 on Priceline).  It was one of the largest rooms I have had in NYC (I visit at least once a year).  My view wasn't fabulous, but compared to the brick wall I looked out at at my last NYC hotel, it was nice, sunny and the windows were broad.  The couch and king bed were comfortable and the automatic footlights under the end tables and modern air conditioning were nice touches.  I used the auto check-out on the cordless phone in the room and found the concierge extremely helpful. My only complaint was that the bar downstairs closed really early (1:30AM) and the wine wasn't great. As another reviewer noted, Hilton's toiletries are cheap and there aren't a lot of extras (no cushy bathrobes and slippers, etc.), so I don't know if I would agree with Priceline that it is a 4-star hotel.  Therefore, I might give it a low rating if I paid $500/night, like some reviewers. However, the concierge, my room and the location were all above average.  Also, the Hilton has kiosks whereby you can check-in to your flight out of town.  It seems very service-oriented in this regard. In conclusion, if you can get a 3-star hotel rate at this Hilton ($200 plus or minus $50) when it isn't overbooked, then I think you will be happier than the reviewers who paid too much to stay at this hotel when it is really busy.  Therefore, my 4-star rating reflects the value I received for the price I paid ($150/night).  If I cost me more, I would rate it less.
I liked staying at his hotel. The (standard) room is reasonably large, the bed is very comfortable, the work space inside the room is sufficient and the maids do a very good job. Nice size bathroom. The front desk staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel is walkable to many places and close to an abundant of various public transportation options. I was told the room rates are reasonable (my business associates paid for the room).
I've been staying in Hiltons for 7 years basically every week.   This is the worst Hilton I've ever stayed at.   The hotel is so big that their customer service lacks big time.   They get the little things all wrong.   You pay $400 a night, but the iron is worth probably $5.   Bathrooms are TINY.   I was only upgraded one time as a Diamond member.  Housekeeping always takes 45 minutes with a request (if they answer).  They will soon get rid of room service, which was overpriced to begin with.  The bar drinks are crazy expensive as well.. even for NYC. If you're a tourist, you may think the location is good.. but as a NY native, I recommend staying somewhere under 14th street!  As far as Hilton properties go, the Hampton Inn in Soho is actually a good choice.
I recently stayed here with 2 friends when we were in town to run the NYC Half Marathon.  Overall we had a pleasant experience and I would consider staying here again.   Likes: - Location is great.  Close to midtown, times sq, central park, plenty of subway lines. Really easy to get to whereever you need from here.   - Overall size of the room was great - esp for NYC.  Plenty of room for the 3 of us to move around and spread out. - Starbucks passes.  We got free coffee and a pastry for each day we were there.  It allowed us to get a light b-fast for free, avoiding the overpriced buffet.   - Halal food cart is right across the street.  Long lines all day & nite (it moves fast) - but good food. - Housekeeping was nice.  They had no problem giving us plenty of towels.   Disikes: - Double beds!!!  I don't see why hotels use these as its impossible for 2 adults to sleep in them (and we are thin people).  This room was big enough for 2 queen beds. - High charges for internet service.  $15 for a "basic" connection - WTF!  I know hotels are doing this more - but it pisses me off.   - Breakfast in their cafeteria/restaurant is expensive.   - Concierge was rude to us.  We asked a simple question about car service to LaGuaridia and she answered us with a ton of attitude that wasn't necessary.
The Hilton is as The Hilton does. Clean, spotless, flawless everything. Fluffy pillows, snow white linens and good shower heads. A few nights ago I stayed on the seventeenth floor of The New York Hilton. Cool view of the area. Tourists visiting The Big Apple who want to stay at a good hotel in the heart of the New York experience, should consider staying here.
The location is great!  A few blocks away from Central Park, a short walk to Times Square and and all the Broadway shows you want.  BUT you have to be willing to set aside any expectations for free and reasonable amenities during your stay.   I stayed in a 2-bed room and the size was fine - it's not like we spent our free time in the room when there was so much to do outside.  But I like to go to the gym at night and this Hilton wanted to charge me $15 for each time I used the gym.  As if paying for the room wasn't enough, I also had to pay to use their treadmill?!?! They also wanted to charge us to use their internet, which is a little less shocking, but after being locked out of the gym, I was not very inclined to give them any more of my money.   As we were leaving the hotel to check out I jokingly asked how much they would charge to hold our bags until it was time to go, no more than 5 minutes later I got my answer: $3.50 per bag.  (A small price, I know, but at this point it's the principle of it all).   Anyways, I was not impressed.  My expectations and needs are pretty minimal when it comes to a hotel in NYC: a place to lay my head at night, a place to work off all the food I ate that day, and a way to research my next day's adventure.  I would say they really only delivered on 1/3.  I will not be staying there again.
I don't really know how to rate this hotel. It's an enormous, conference hotel with lots of amenities onsite. But prepare to spend a lot of time waiting for elevators, and worse - hearing tourists and conference attendees complain about the elevators - how long it takes to arrive, how long they waited, and how they got in the wrong elevator and it does not go their floor. Apparently, a lot of people do not grasp the concept of an "express lift". So on any given weekend, there is mass confusion in front of and inside this godforsaken elevator and then it stops on floor 2 and you just want to yell at that lazy person to take the f'ing stairs! But I can't blame the hotel for stupid guests. The time you spent waiting to get out of the building is made up by the fact that you can very easily get a cab outside, or hop on a number of subway lines within a few blocks. The rooms can be mini or spacious. Some floors have been renovated. I stayed in a teeny room on the 44th floor with the best view, and I have also stayed in a spacious room with 2 beds on the 7th floor with a mid-building view. The bathrooms are well-lit with a decent shower and Crabtree & Evelyn products (not my preference, but good enough). So I give it 3 stars. For meeting expectations and providing what I need during my stay with the added bonus of Hilton points. But if you want something more personalized, less crowded, and more stylish, I would definitely suggest that you go elsewhere.
Unless you Priceline bid a hotel and are assigned here like I did, I would avoid this hotel. Location is close enough to Theater District to get there easily but not close enough to make it a real advantage over other hotels.  I suppose it is classified as a 4 star hotel because of the restaurant, gift shop, fitness center, etc, but the rooms themselves are more 2 star quality.  Scratchy towels, shower drain back ups, no coffeemaker, paid wi fi, marked up walls, and peeling wallpaper can all be expected.  All in all, the stay ended up being fine for one night  since we didn't spend much time in the room, but I'm glad we weren't staying any longer.  With the myriad of hotel options in NYC, there is no reason to choose this Hilton.
Good: -Location-Close to everything -Service everyone from the hotel was really nice (except for the room service people) -Gym is really nice for a hotel gym Free of you are a Hilton Honors Member-$15.00 if you are not....all the machines are pretty new and the person at the desk who checks you in was AWSOME!!! I wish I remembered her name! -The interiors of the room isn't bad...everything appears to be relatively new and clean. Bad: -The walls are paper thin (I heard someone blowing their nose for 20 minutes at 500 AM).... -I was in a deluxe room which was a good size I did see the regular rooms...SMALL.... -The individuals who take your orders for room service are horrible-Rude and they could care less.... -The elevators take forever..... -The breakfast area cafe is way overpriced and reminds me of a bad cafeteria If nothing else was available I would consider going back.
This is the crappiest hotel I've ever stayed at. Service sucks everything is so old and cleanliness is sub par. I ordered room service - got the cobb salad, now what could go so wrong with salad???  This salad was GROSS!  The chicken was rubbery and they put balsamic vinegrette dressing on.  They had room service up until 1 am.  But I ordered it at 10 pm.  It wasn't like I called during odd hours.  I love basalmic vinegrette but boy it just didn't taste right.  The bread they gave me was rubbery, cold and chewy.   This hotel is just way overpriced for the condition. The hall carpet smelled like a hint of mildew. I thought the Waldorf Astoria was crappy, stuffy and old the last time I stayed there when I was in town. Boy this place makes the Waldorf look good and luxurious to me now. Should have stayed at the "W" clean, new, n trendy! I will never stay here again!  To top it off I had to pay per device for internet connection.  One for my iPhone and one for the laptop.  It was supposed to be for a whole day.  The cut me off like 40 minutes early.  Had to call and complain! Such a hassel although they gave me complimentary access after.  This hotel has just been disappointing and needs to be remodeled.
I love this location. It's in the heart of New York and on the same strip as chicken and rice, how could it get any better then that?! Service was wonderful, rooms were clean. I enjoyed my stay at the Hilton and will come back again :)
Mixed feelings on this hotel. The first time I stayed here we arrived at our room to find it hadn't been cleaned yet, they did however give us a free breakfast to make up for it and quickly brought us to another room. I found it in a great location, MoMA is right across the street, theartre district , Rockefeller Center ,  central park is walking distance. Beds are comfortable and give a good nights sleep. Rooms are great definitely big enough. Convention rooms are semi-spacious, okay for what my work needed. Amazing Deli across the street, not sure of the name of it, but saved me a lot of money when needing snacks and lunch, would save me from dropping big bucks in lobby cafe. Parking was easy in garage and not completely over priced. Would definitely go back here again, a little pricey to go back outside of convention rates.
This is the worst hotel. This rating is actually minus one star, Staff doesnt care. They lie to you. Internet connection in rooms sucks. Doormen are lazy and stupid( a word I do not throw around casually) One gym staff member was very rude to me. Did I mention the broken lights in the room? Stay anywhere else you can. This place is the pits. Management lies to you. Elevators dont work? Kinda scary. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL
I'm not blown away by the hotel itself, but the hotel FITNESS CENTER is what earns the second star for this Hilton location. You know how some hotels in New York have really bad air/cooling systems and you feel like the rooms are filled with humidity?  This hotel does not have that problem.  So that's nice.  My room is also decently large for NYC and I can't hear any traffic noises from outside at night.  One downside is that they don't provide a single-service coffee pot in the room, which is odd.  (I always bring tea to drink at night and instant oatmeal to make in the morning...which I couldn't do.  I wish I'd known!) Upside: the fitness center is LARGE.  I think the capacity sign listed something like a maximum of 60 people.  All the machines seemed new (all Precor branded), and they had some interesting equipment in the stretching area.  ALSO, they had foam rollers, nice yoga mats (hung on a wall, not just stacked in a pile), etc. Also -- cleaning wipes for the machines, nice towels for you, and water bubblers to fill your bottle. Downside: an OBVIOUS BLOOD SPLATTER on the wall next to my toilet, which is just horrifying.  If I saw it just in a general once-over, how did the maid service miss it?
Generally ehh. More location than anything else. I was here on business so didn't have the choice in hotels unfortunately. Not bad, but not good either. The mini bar was a disaster and I was charged for some crap I never ate or drank or whatever. The cleanliness was suspect as well. Also, I generally leave the "Do not disturb" sign on the door...usually that means DO NOT COME IN. Except there I guess. I'd still find stuff moved around... When I first got in the room there was a bag of bbq chips on the counter, like a bigass bag of chips. Thought it was weird, but put the sign on the door and had to go to the lobby for something, came back up about 5 minutes later, bbq chips gone! WTF is that?! Don't eat chips anyway, just weird.
We stayed here for a night while in NY this summer. I'm a Platinum VIP so we had special service from the get go. We were allowed to check in early and had a nice room on one of the Executive Levels. Everything was like I expected from a Hilton - they have the Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries and had an upscale coffee maker in the room. Since we were on the executive level, we had access to free breakfast and happy hour, but we didn't take advantage of it. The location is great - it's really close to a lot of places you want to go and just a short subway ride to either downtown or uptown. I would definitely stay here again when I am in NY.
I have read mixed reviews about this Hilton, my stay was perfect and I highly recommend this property. The rates were much lower than other hotels in the area. At the time of my reservation I opted for an "upgrade if available", an additional $15 or $18 per night. Perhaps that gave me a better room. On the 12th floor I was high enough off street level to reduce noise. The room was modern, well furnished and very clean and quiet. Was here on business but the location is great for a tourist. An easy walk from Grand Central, only about 5 minutes to 30 Rock, Times Square, really close to everything. Kiosks allow a quick and fully automated check in. Many reviewers complained of pricey room service. Of course the food is expensive, go outside! You are a Yelper, in NY City, why in the world are you eating in a hotel?
This hotel is exactly what it is - a tourist hotel.  Everything about it screams grand NYC, right near Times Square and CP.  The atrium is big, but not tall.  There's tremendous hustle and bustle out front and in the atrium.  There are like 7 check in areas, for the 700 different Hilton Honors rewards programs or something. I'm saying I'm a fan because if what you're looking for is loud, NYC, in the middle of it all atmosphere, then this is the place.  I won't lie though, when I got the Hilton from Priceline, I sorta was let down.  But all in all, it was a fine place to lay your head.   The rooms were very spacious (maybe twice the size of the Royalton I had stayed the previous night), but the decor was your typical hotel room.  The beds were comfy, the tv sucked.  But, you shouldn't really be watching tv in NYC!!!  So, if this place is the cheapest, it's not bad, it's good.  Stay here, you won't be disappointed...but you won't be remembering it that much either.
New York Hilton is our preferred hotel for New York City weekends away, or needing a hotel after working very late, and too late to get home. Caters to an international clientele in terms of service with suitable menu items. They handle larges crowds very well. Compact but typical room size for a New York City upscale hotel. Generally, deeply discounted rates won't buy you any view. If you need a view, then ask. Convenient to everywhere near midtown, including short walk to Times Square. Alert. Do not store food in the fridge because, in our case, it triggered automatic billing to our room. Just don't open the door and avoid the hassle. That late charge was never satisfactorily resolved by Hilton Accounting. Prices get steep when near or at sold-out conditions.
I stayed here for 4 nights this week.  They didn't have floor towels or washcloths.  What kind of hotel. . .what kind of MOTEL. . .doesn't have floor towels and washcloths?   I found the housekeeping staff appologetic that they didn't have the supplies, and they were willing to give me more of what I needed (I didn't have them clean my room because it was just me and I don't like my stuff disturbed).  The other staff members were'nt all that friendly.   The rooms are small.  If you have a connecting room, expect to hear your neighbors all night.  I don't know how many people were sqeezed into the room next to me, but that double door sure didn't quiet their gift of gab 'til midnight each night.  I could even hear one of them breathing loud.   They get two stars for the fact that it was an ordinary hotel and that the location was great. They get another star for the decent conference food and all the water I snagged (and I wasn't alone) so I didn't have to pay $3 a bottle at the hotel's Starbucks.  They had good coffee at the conference too.
This is a huge mid-town business type hotel.  I stayed here for 2 nights based on a promotion to hear a presentation on the Hilton Club. This place is always busy it seems and is not a place to stay if you want to relax. Check-in was very fast and easy. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. The room was a decent size for NYC standards. It seems like it was a renovated room. It had marble bathroom,flat screen TV, and very tasteful furnishings. My room was on 7th floor with only a view of buildings but there was next to no street noise.  View wasn't a big deal for me since I wasn't  in the room very much.   Here is why I only gave the property 2 stars. First off, Forget about getting an elevator between 8am and 8pm. There was always a wait. I waited as much as 10 minutes for an elevator.  There was a modeling convention in the hotel when I was there and I am sure the hotel was at or near capacity but you figure the engineers would know their hotel would sometimes be filled to capacity and would have planned accordingly. Secondly,  The prices for food and room service are beyond outrageous for this type of hotel. Afterall, I expect outrageous prices at a more upscale property like a Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental but not at a Hilton. It was 26 bucks for 2 eggs sausage and homefries,28 bucks for a hamburger. 19 bucks for a simple BLT sandwich. Something is wrong when 2 people are spending 60 bucks for a barely average basic breakfast. There is no excuse to charge those prices. Its nothing less than price gouging your customers. Room service was even more expensive than the restaurant. Overall, this is a decent property with nice rooms,friendly staff, average food(surely a very poor value) though if you go remember to bring a fat wallet to eat or better yet don't eat there.  The only reason I ate there was convenience. If I had more time, I would have never dined there.  There are many places close by where you can get a decent breakfast or lunch for 1/4 the prices they charge at the Hilton.
Talk about business traveler central. The rooms here are okay, nothing special. Lobby area is a madhouse, especially when conferences let out. The line to get a cab can get ridiculous. People should realize they can walk half a block and catch a cab much more quickly. I'd say the best aspect of this hotel is that the halal cart is right across the street. Very convenient indeed.
Horrible Experience. It's been a couple of years since I stayed here and never again. My original room was filthy. Feces still on toilet and the rug covered in stains. Hallway was dirty too. They charge $13 a day for internet and the staff seems clueless to solve any problem. Check-in also took forever. Ugh!
I stayed here on a recent trip to New York. The morning breakfast bar had great staff, very helpful.  The woman who checks you in at the breakfast bar is friendly and able to help with just about anything. I spent mostly every night at their happy hour.  Decent free spread of appetizers, from dim sum to egg rolls to a large selection of cheeses, fruits, veggies. The actual drinks were okay.   I'm not sure my room was worth the price, but the location is killer. I love where it's at.
A better management team is sorely needed at this location. Attended a conference at the Hilton by Central Park, they'd run out of space in the larger meeting halls and had to spill over some of the gathering into hotel rooms. Very odd. They removed the bed from a single and place a large meeting room table with a lamp in the middle which made it difficult for the speaker to maintain any eye contact with those at the back of the table. There weren't any ceiling lights to speak of, so we couldn't get rid of the table lamp. The fact that we were holding a meeting of 20 people in a tiny hotel room lit like a cave, was more than a bit silly. During a break, I went up to the retail areas to check out designs and fibers. The displays were lovely, but the escalator was broken. Crowds were massive and having to clomp up and down with hands laden down with shopping bags was not a pleasant experience. I, who love to shop, was so turned off I did not spend more than $20 that day. The next day all my meetings were in the main conference rooms. These were spacious enough but the heating system was inordinately loud and turned up too high. There was no way to control the temperature and everyone in the back ended up dragging their chairs and crowding the front to get away from the din. The back of the room was even warmer than the front, although by the time all those bodies moved forward, the heat had followed them. After the first half of the day, the lecturers switched rooms for the next meeting and the new room had not been turned over. By that I mean there were dirty glasses from the morning group not picked up, the water pitchers were all empty and the pens and notepads were picked through. The table linens were strewn with that mornings debris, no effort had been made to ready the space for the next meeting attendees. When I returned for the second half of the day's lectures, I found myself sitting in between a knitwear designer from Italy and a yarn manufacturer from Japan. The three of us all had the same look of distaste on our faces. For all the yen and lira being dropped at the hotel from Vogue International, you'd think Hilton would be able to show some meager semblance of NYC hospitality.
I've been here less than 24 hours and the barely looked at anything when I checked in. At 11pm, jack hammering started which was lovely. It seemed to be down on the street and I am on floor 23. I guess I can chalk it up to being in the city?!? Wake up a little late since I can't sleep (time change) and I go to get in shower and ummmm, no towels in the room!! I have washcloths and a hand towel but not one bath towel. I called down and they had them delivered in 10 minutes or so. Rooms were bigger than many NY hotels I have stayed at but I prefer the smaller boutique hotels NY has to offer and would probably not stay here again.
You don't really get bang for your buck around this area but I think you can at least expect the basics for $300-400/night. Our phone didn't work. No dial tone, nothing. It doesn't seem like a big deal until you're searching for the hotel number to call from your cell phone because you can't just dial "0" for the front desk from your room phone. Annoying! We told them immediately and they said somebody will come by the next day to fix it. We asked for free internet for the inconvenience. That's right, NO FREE INTERNET. I think the cheapest package was $15 or so (daily), not sure about the wireless internet prices. I mean, what hotel doesn't have free wifi or at least a lan connection nowadays? I bet even Motel 8 has free wifi. Anyway, after our 3 night stay, no one ever came to fix our phone even though we reminded them everyday. We got free internet for our stay but honestly, I think they would rather comp the internet charges than fix the phone as they probably know that internet is something that should be free anyway. We reminded them about the phone when we checked out so the next guest wouldn't have to deal with the problem but they seemed uninterested and didn't offer any apology. Also, the receipt showed a lesser charge than what was actually paid (our stay was paid in advance to get a lower rate) which is not good when you need the receipt for an expense report. 3 stars because I know there's a lot worse places we could be staying at in NYC. And I love the bed, pillow, and sheets at Hiltons. Decent location and friendly housekeeping staff. Otherwise, this place thinks it's worth more than it actually is. Well, more like they know they can get away with it. Parking is $48/day.
Very underwhelmed by this hotel, especially in light of the room rate, $485/night.  The lobby definitely screams early 1990s.  The rooms also need a makeover. My bathroom ceiling was crumbling and falling apart. The mini bar was never re-stocked throughout my stay- that is so annoying.  Room service was actually very quick but the food was unremarkable.   The only good thing about this hotel is its location.  Everything within walking distance if you're a tourist.
The hotel is convenient to just about everything in Manhattan. All hotels are pricey, but I found this one to be a bit more expensive than most. Steer clear of ordering room service and the restaurant. Brunch was $30/pp and included miso soup. I'd much rather have a mimosa for that price! The staff were all very nice. The beds were very comfy..although they had a throw that didn't seem to fit with the decor. I'd stay there again...if the W is booked.
Porn ads the moment I turn on the TV.  No coffee maker in the room.  The priorities of this godawful fake Hilton are clearly shown.  This is NOT a full service Hilton. The brand needs to look to this and start applying their overall standards to this specific property.
My parents rented a suite, and I slept on a fold out couch with my boys.  I think next time they're just going to rent an apartment off craigs list. Complaints:  Impossible to fold couch back.  The toilet flushed by reaching under the sink. Liked:  view, free breakfast was ok, and trying somewhere new that I'd never been to before.  It's weird being a tourist in the city you live in, but if that's possible, it's possible in New York City.  I also liked that it was within walking distance of the lego store which my children loved.  It's very centrally located, and that was cool.  I live out in the far flung outer borough and it was cool to be closer to the heart of things.
I've been at conferences at this Hilton off and on since 1994, and it doesn't change very much. However, in 2011, one would think that the conference rooms would have easy access to the internet for presentations. The Hilton didn't, which was strange. This is the first time I've actually stayed at this Hilton. It certainly has its ups and downs. If you're a fan of Midtown, this location is terrific. It's practically next to MoMA, Columbus Circle, Central Park and a number of other things. It's also really easy to get downtown from the hotel. The room is large for Manhattan (I was in a king deluxe), and the rate was reasonable. While the room was cleaned well, the cleaning staff did not pay particularly close attention to detail. I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights, and at a certain point, I had multiple bottles of shampoo and conditioner littering the bathroom, but no moisturizer (a must for wintery NYC). I finally had to go out and buy some. The breakfast/lunch restaurant is convenient, but you can find far better food at far better prices elsewhere. The hotel has a Starbucks, but it closes really early (as does the lunch place). The hotel completely nickels and dimes its customers on internet service. Ranging from $14.99 to $19.99 per night, I found the service to be completely unreliable. The service would often cut out without warning. Also, the basic wireless service was unbelievably slow. Checkout was also a pain in the neck. The hotel boasts its online and express checkouts. When I tried to do this, I was directed to the front desk. When I registered my displeasure, the checkout person was simply snarky. Would I stay here again? For a conference in the building, I might. I might also stay at the Sheraton across the street. There are a lot of hotels in the area, and some of them (the Park Central, for example) are better values for the money.
This building has got to be the ugliest hotel in the city.  It is far from sound proof... stayed on the 21st floor, and could still hear whistles, honks, and a jackhammer at 2AM!  Got a Deluxe room with two twin beds.  The Deluxe rooms are barely big enough to fit the two beds.  I can't imagine how tiny-ass a non-deluxe room is.  $15/day for internet. Overall, this hotel is probably overpriced and overrated. Service is pretty good.  Although they couldn't check me in at 12pm, the bellman didn't charge me to store my bag.  They get one extra star for service quality. I would stay here again if I could get a good rate.
Stayed with my 6 year old son over a weekend for the purpose of visiting the art museums. Fantastic location with easy access to all the big Manhattan sights. We loved that the hotel is literally steps from MoMA and just a few short blocks from Central Park. Room was clean and pleasant and plenty big for the two of us with great views (we were lucky and had a corner room with windows in two directions). The concierge was great about helping us find our way around Manhattan and giving us discount coupons to several of the museums and attractions. Rooms were quiet - never heard anything from the hallway or other rooms. Cons - no free wifi, which just seems archaic these days - The $300/night price tag was a bit steep for what I'm used to, but this was my first stay in Manhattan. Seemed in line with comparable hotels in the area. - The breakfast buffet was *way* overpriced. Fortunately, they only charged for my meal and not for my son.
I'm staying here right now and so far I've been really disappointed. When we checked into the room, there was a leftover cup of coffee still on the table. When we flushed the toilet, I found a bar of soap at the bottom and we had to call services to get that fixed because nothing would go down. Later, when we wanted to shower, there was no water coming out of our shower and we called services again. They thought we were stupid and couldn't figure out how to work it and sent someone to come teach us how to use it. He came in and said here I'll show you how to use it...and then it didn't work. And it was about 2am here so no one could fix it and they were booked so we couldn't move to a room with a working shower. We had to wait and let a plumber in at 7am to get it fixed. We paid for wireless internet and a million times, over and over again, we are prompted to the webpage to pay again. Even as I write this review...on another page I just got prompted to pay again, so I can't even post this yet.  This will probably be updated later after a few more nights if it gets any better or worse.
I was rather displeased with my experience at the Hilton located off of Avenue of the Americas this Christmas in New York City. First, the room service and food in the bars / restaurants in the lobby are extremely overpriced. They seem even more overpriced once you try the mediocre food. Secondly, we had one day with no TV service, one night without hot water, and frankly the room service employees were rude and lashed out at my mother when he felt his tip was inadequate. The cleaning ladies didn't even seem to clean our room. Not sure what was going on, but it was 5 days I wish I spent at another hotel. There is no free Wireless Internet and even after you pay for the service Wi-Fi is far too difficult to get on multiple devices. This hotel received a 2 star rating simply for its convenient location (located 8 blocks from Times Square and Central Park) and quick check in and check out process.
Just found out that my regular weekly hotel is getting rid of their 44th floor Lounge and locating it to the 1st floor right next to the check in counter. The beautiful daytime and nighttime vistas of the lounge was one of NY's finer views. Now it's going to be next to a noisy, crowded main lobby. The old 44th floor will instead be converted into two suites. It's a bit of a 'screw you' to their loyal business travelers who I would daily see working up there, or bringing guests who really got a 'wow' factor out of the experience. This hotel went from a premiere spot in a great location to "just another hotel with a bed". There's really no reason to choose this over any other in NYC now.
I stayed here a few years ago while on a business trip.  It was a last minute trip and for some reason they wanted me to pay for the room up front instead of just putting a hold on the company card provided to them when the reservations were made.  Being that at the time they were charging almost $400 a night (the NY Marathon was happening that weekend so I'm sure the rate was increased way beyond what the norm is) and I was staying for a while I didn't have enough cash in my account to pay up front for the entire stay.  Not that I think it's acceptable to ask someone to pay for an entire stay up front since that has never happened in all of my travels.  The issue was eventually worked out between my employer and the hotel and I got my room. The room was not much bigger than the bed but that might be the norm in New York as all of the other hotels I have stayed at in Manhattan have been on the small side.  I did enjoy the rest of my stay at this hotel though.  Aside from my first encounter with the front desk the staff was more than friendly and seemed genuinely concerned that my stay was pleasant. More than anything I am grateful that I stayed here because if I hadn't I would never have known about the Chicken and Rice cart that is outside on the corner of 6th and 53rd.  It's probably the best chicken and rice cart in the city and probably one of the top overall food carts period.
For being their flagship hotel, it's really a disappointment.  I stay there often but only because I'm on the company dime, Hilton lets me double dip on points (hotel + miles vs. one or the other) and it's close to the office.   The service is terrible, they really could care less about your comfort.  I've had several bad experiences.  One time there was construction that started at 4am.  When I called the front desk, they brushed me off. Don't send out your laundry!  I was missing several pieces of clothing when I got my clothes back.  The only upside was that I also got a new Victoria Secrets bra!  Hahaha!!!  If I was the one that lost it, I'd be piiiiissed! They also have a pretty shoddy breakfast for Gold/Diamond members.  It used to be that you could go down to the buffet, no more.  They're feeling the cutbacks too it seems.  Now it's just cold continental stuff that's just ok.   Oh and who the hell charges anymore for internet?!!!  Hilton NY apparently...harumph!!!  For how much they charge for their rooms, it's the least they can do.
Had a very nice stay this past weekend. Was able to get an early check in after traveling for two days. Front desk and lobby staff were really friendly and helpful. Hilton Honors desk had great recommendations for restaurants. Best hotel shower I have had in awhile. I want to buy that shower head! Will definitely stay there again!
You cannot beat this hotel location...talk about centrally located in Manhattan. Is it the nicest, have the most ammenities, or have the largest rooms - no, to all 3. However, you don't stay here for all those things -- you stay for the location. I have been to NYC on 3 different occasions, the first two times I stayed at this hotel and will do so again when I return.
Location is five stars!  No complaints on staff or location for sure!   Walls are paper thin!  Room size for NYC was above average...  Expect this location to be packed!  With tourists and business travelers.   I will be back for sure!  Location and gym were above par.
This used to be one of my favorite mid town hotels but no more. No coffee makers in the room, no mini refrigerator, no free internet, no room service. So what do you get? If you are a Hilton Honors member you get a longer check in line than the regular guests. At this price point there are lots of other hotels in the neighborhood that offer better value.
This is probably my favorite hotel in New York.  I was fortunate to be able to stay here and can easily say that this was one of my favorite Hilton's ever!  The location is great although it is a short walk to the subway.  The hotel is right across the street from Rockerfeller Center and is walking distance to some excellent shopping on 5th Ave. The rooms were gorgeous and the beds were comfy.  They have a nice breakfast buffet that was actually pretty decent.
What a wonderful hotel! Great location, nice rooms, easy check in and easy access to Times Square. We stayed here recently and there was really no problem with anything except the minibar not opening.  The beds were amazingly comfortable. MY only major complaint was the lack of light in the room. We got a great price and I really liked the fact that I had no problem getting a cab.  Definite return visit.
Hey, are we in Vegas or what!? Vegas hotels is what this Hilton hotel reminds me of. Very crowded lobby filled with tourists, three elevator banks that take FOREVER for the elevator to arrive, and in great location since it's within walking distance to a lot. I actually think the tourists beat out the business travelers at this hotel. It is a typical Hilton except with less HHonors travelers who spend a ridiculous amount of time at reception trying to angle for anything that a HHonors member may receive. No free wi fi and after paying the $16.99 rate, it was so weak that I couldn't even do work through my company's firewall. The entire basement is for conferences and meeting rooms. Room was pleasant but make sure you get a high floor so you don't hear midtown traffic all night. There is a Starbucks downstairs as well as a few overpriced gift shops. Taxis are always pulling up so it's easy to catch one in front. At night after 10pm they actually block off the entrances and only let in Hotel guests, and you have to show your card to get in!  Check out time is 12:00 noon.  If you ask for late checkout they will extend to 1:00pm.  Any later and they charge $27 per hour!  Baggage check I think was $5 per bag. If I didn't know any better, this all sounds like Vegas to me....
This location looks like it should be a federal building that was built in the 50's or 60's.  From the outside it doesn't look like a normal hotel, especially not a Hilton.  With that said, as soon as you step inside everything changes.  Yes, things can be crazy, and yes, there are hordes of people.   I was using an executive suite during a trade show this week and the room was well appointed, although the fact that they had an old 100 pound tube-television truly shocked me.   Overall, this Hilton served its purpose and I would recommend it to friends.
I've stayed here twice during recent visits to NYC. I love the location of this hotel! It's right by Times Square, theaters, Madison/5th Avenues, and so many yummy restaurants. Aside from that, I really enjoyed the hotel in general. The people at the front desk are super friendly and efficient. The housecleaning staff is so nice, they always smile and say hi as you walk by. The gym is gorgeous! Big windows, lots of machines, very clean. The only thing I didn't like was having to pay $15 every time I went. I've never had to pay for using a hotel gym, so I was a bit put-off, but I sucked it up and had some great workouts there. The bar/lounge right by the entrance is awesome. I can't remember what it was called, but it has blue accent lighting. They serve the best chocolate martinis. Ahhhh. :D Each time I've stayed here I've had an excellent NYC visit, and I attribute that in part to the great hotel.
This hotel is a mess. Tons of people stay here that the elevator always seemed packed.. We got a room that was newly renovated. The executive lounge was kind of crappy for breakfast (hard boiled eggs, continental breakfast).  There was a long wait on Sunday morning. The buffet spread in the evening was a bit better - dim sum, chicken wings, plenty of fried stuff. If you miss it, at least you can eat at the Halal cart that's across the street! All of the employees we encountered were pretty pleasant.    The gym is very nice too. Plenty of cardio equipment and a nice selection of dumbbells.
Couldn't stand one more night of the Paramount so stayed here for a short visit.  Aaaaaaahhhh, peace and quiet.  This Hilton is HUGE but accommodating.  Got beautifully appointed rooms at the last minute for a comparably reasonable price. I tempered my rating, because I only think it's wonderful in comparison to the Paramount.  But there's something to be said for reputable chain hotels.  They just don't disappoint.   But don't bother going to the restaurant, ordering room service, or getting the wi-fi.  Not worth the expense. And check in and out were a breeze.
While I have no basis for comparison, I think this hotel was a good choice. In town for a a work conference, I was here for 5 days. Here's my breakdown: POSITIVE -- good location: within walking distance to many hot spots & the subway -- room size: no horror story NY hotel here, there was room for a king size bed, a pull out sofa, a 40" TV and a desk. -- excellent staff: they were on it the entire time, from quality control to letting us check in early (at 6 am, after our red-eye landed, and not having to wait until 3 pm) NOT SO POSITIVE -- wi-fi service: $15 a day? I know this is NY, but c'mon! -- climate control: the heater/AC unit kind of had a mind of it's own but it was nothing unbearable -- price: for as much money as this hotel costs, you think it would have a few more bells and whistles; nothing really makes this place as valuable as its cost implies. -- catering: three days of conferences and the same exact food everyday? what the hell? (ps: a pint-sized croissant  and some slices of melon does not a breakfast make)
This hotel is a decent place to spend $250/night on. Though I don't think there's any appeal in the location, it is in midtown so it's definitely convenient for businessmen who are here for work. It's also close to many subway lines, so that's nice. I thought the rooms were pretty spacious for a NYC hotel. There's plenty of room to spread out your belongings and really make the place your home. The hallways reminded me of The Shining though. It's important to know that there's A LOT of people going in and out of this hotel, constantly. That's a good thing and a bad thing because that means that there's always cabs waiting outside, but it also means that the lobby area is in a constant state of chaos.
Right on 6th Ave, next door to MOMA and just a few blocks from Central Park, the Hilton New York has a great location and is a bit removed from the terribly touristy areas aka, Time Square. The hotel has a nice large lobby with a decent bar.  I would say the facade of the hotel could use some updating, but perhaps that's part of the all business charm.  Rooms are large, clean and up to date.  Service was prompt and friendly when we requested extra towels, so no issues there. All in all a pretty standard hotel and experience with Hilton.
Bottom line: For the price, this hotel just flat-out sucks. A lot of these hotels just dump money into improving the walk-in value. Hooray, great lobby. Main problem here is that we don't sleep in the lobby, do we? The rooms are really out-dated. No amenities at all. Don't get me wrong. I'm not the type of guy who feels like I'm entitled to nice things. However, if you're expected to pay an outrageous price for a hotel room, then you should at least expect to have something as simple as a coffee maker in there (and the room rates are definitely outrageous). Depending on how close you are to the elevator shaft, the rooms can be very loud at times during the late evening. During the winter, they shut off the A/C. Make sense, sort of... The problem is that the rooms are really stuffy. They become very hot, very quickly. They brought us a small fan, but other than that, they just told us to open the window. Not a big deal, but NYC has a tendency to get pretty loud at times (durrrr). Anyhow, you're in New York City. You can venture out and find great food almost anywhere, so I'd absolutely recommend doing that as opposed to ordering room service at this place. The food is fine, but again - the prices. We ordered a hot dog, milk & pb&j for our little ones and the bill was 70 dollars. That's just unreal. However - Like I said, shame on us for even bothering with room service. I've had no issues with the staff, as others on here have suggested, but I've also avoided them whenever possible. If this hotel charged about half of what they charge now, I'd say go for it, but as things stand now, I will absolutely never stay here again, nor would I ever recommend it to anyone. You can do better than this place... BTW - Side note: When are hotels going to cut the BS and give us free wifi? We pay these unreal prices to stay at this mediocre places and they still want us to shell out 20 bucks to use the internet? It's almost 2013.
lets keep this in perspective. if youre not from Manhattan, its pretty difficult to find a larger sized hotel room in midtown. If youre from so cal, like i am, dont expect the 800-1000 sq ft hotel rooms as standard accomodations in NY. the Hilton met my expectations. They are larger than the standard rooms in Manhattan and was almost what i am accustomed to in So cal. Of course, i did upgrade to the newer rennovated rooms which i was glad i did. the location is awesome. a block from the subway, 3 blocks from central park, and a block from 5th ave. you will not find a better spot for a hotel around.
I've stayed all over the Times Square area, all of which were in the $200-$300 per night range and this Hilton is the only hotel that exceeded my expectations.  Trust me, if you skimp and go for a $200 room, you'll be sorry you blew all that money for what would be considered roach motel status in other cities.   For just a few bucks more, you get HUGE rooms, comfy beds, cleanliness and exceptional service from a fully staffed lobby.  Everything from theater tix to transportation to airport to boarding pass to best shopping streets (3 concierge eagerly waiting to help).   Just steps from the theaters, late night eats, central park, times square and madison/5th ave shops.   You get all the nightlife of manhattan in a safer area than most.  Will definitely stay here again. By the way, the halal food carts out front are a well known superstar in NYC.   With over 1500 reviews, they get more props than most 5 star resturants in mahattan.  Gotta try it!
this place is really pricey.  Stayed here for $460/night plus all those misc fees and tax puts you at over $500.  No flat panel tv, and wifi is $17 The place has a weak bar and super slow elevator when there's a convention.  The better points are you're in the heart of it all, 4short blocks from the park, Times square, and everything else with a fast moving taxi line. This was for Ad Tech, so all expensed.  I would never recommend this for personal travel.   If you need to save you can always get a huge chicken and beef plate from the street carts  for $6.
I love to stay at the Hyatt Grand Central, but the rate was just too high (around $370), I even called the property directly to see if I could get a discount, but they must be full.....so I am at the Hilton for $279. Please see my blog for more details and reviews. I checked in early (around 2 pm) and requested a high floor. I am in room 4129 and it is nicer than I remembered a Hilton room. King size bed, decent shower and desk. Good air conditioner. Easy check-in process, and friendly service. They have moved the Diamond Desk over by the regular check in area, and the "old" Diamond desk is called the "Executive Level Check in" -- I don't know what that means as there is only 1 floor with Ex level rooms, but there was line there so I went to regular check in. Hilton does try and get you at booking on their web site to pay a fee ($70 I think) to upgrade to the Exec level -- this is the thing that drove me away from them -- rather than taking great care of their elite members they sell out to those who will pay. One thing to remember is to get a room on 34th floor or higher so you don't have to switch elevators to get to the 44th (club level). I went up to the club level first in search of some water bottles, but there were none. They have remodeled the club, and it is nice and open with free wifi. I did have a very good chocolate chip cookie. I headed to the gym on the 5th floor. They remodeled it last year and I LOVE IT. Free weights with a bench, large work out area, tons of treadmills and ellipticals, and a large stretching area. Excellent perk. Bed was great, room was cool (temparature), and it was quiet. I asked for and was granted a 12:30 check out time. I did not go to the club room for breakfast beacause it took too long for the elevator to come (only 3 elevators for floors 34-44). That is the only downside to the property. Really a great stay, I enjoyed it, and love the location. Total - $259 rate = $319.70 toatl (including a rip-off $19 for internet access)
My sister chose this hotel to stay at for my batchelorette party night.  We got a great room, overlooking 6th avenue, with a king size bed and pull out couch. Check in (and out) was much faster than the last time I was here.  Two thumbs up!
I went back to NYC for work a few weeks ago.  Back in January, I stayed at the Sheraton around the corner and it was AWFUL - rude staff, dirty towels, rooms that hadn't been updated since the Carter administration!  So this time, I made sure to book at the Hilton again.  I didn't realize it the last time I was in town, but one of the most famous Halal carts operates right outside of this hotel.  Literally, you could spit and hit it.  Though I imagine the people who own the Halal cart might object to you spitting at their cart and might refuse to serve you.   Anyway, hotel is great.  Staff is aloof but they do their jobs well.  Rooms are clean, updated, and pretty big for NYC.  I will probably stay here again the next time I'm in town for work.
Faded American Glory!!!  I bet this place was super nice in the 1970s, but it's starting to show its limitations. The location is great (near lots of subway lines and the Halal Chicken Cart) and the room is adequate.  What sucks is that they need more elevators, especially for such a big hotel that hosts conferences.
After thinking over and over about booking a hotel in Manhattan, I decided to go with my gut to stay at the Hilton in Midtown.  I did my homework--reviewed yelp reviews, back tracked my experience from 10 years ago and assumed many changes were made since then, and logged onto Oyster.com for the accurate hotel photos.  Maybe I had a slightly different experience from the others, but I have had nothing but one of the best hotel stays at this Hilton.   Location This location worked out perfectly for me.  It's located near a subway system, and my meeting was right across the street so it was awesome to be able to walk out of the hotel and not worry about being late. Check-In No hassle--brought my printouts of the itinerary and got the room I requested for--the new renovated king size bed.  I didn't have to wait b/c I checked in fairly late at night so I guess I got pretty lucky, avoiding the crowds from earlier that day. Room Quality I have stayed here 10 years ago, and the improvements have definitely shown since then.  Clean, spacious rooms, nothing super fancy, but has all the essentials.  Because I enjoy city life--the noises and the vibe of the bustling city, I had no problem with some of the outside noise.   Service From the front desk to the housekeeping, service was impeccable.   Overall Experience If I had to stay somewhere in New York again, I would consider staying at the Hilton again.  The price wasn't an issue, but the location, the service, and the cleanliness is a major factor that will trigger me to stay at the NY Hilton in the future.   My grade:  A / A-
Good lobby to work in with clients. Only rarely does staff approach, saying you must buy a drink in order to stay. Sorta fun watching hotel guests, but comfortable, quiet setting makes it good to read or talk in Not a bad conference venue, either.
I stayed at the Hilton last week for business. The hotel was fine(especially considering work was paying), but not really anything special. Pros: -The hotel has a great location whether you are on vacation and want a spot near all of the Broadway shows or on business with meetings in the midtown financial district.  It's walking distance from Times Square, Columbus Circle, Rockefeller Center, the subway, and Grand Central station.  It's a nice, safe area to walk around in too. -The rooms are quite nice and seem well taken care of -They had really great coffee at the restauran downstairs Cons: -Everything is ridiculously expensive.  This is expected, but nonetheless a major negative factor.  Between $11 to get a bowl of cereal delivered or $17 to watch a movie on the TV, the whole thing seemed more than a bit ridiculous -The place has no character whatsoever -There are just so many people staying here that you will never feel you are getting personal service; this hotel is like a machine designed to pump you through and take your money In summary: It's fine hotel, if you have the cash and need a place to stay in midtown, but don't expect to be blown away.
I was at the Novotel for work last week and had planned on staying there for the weekend but was disappointed and so I got on Priceline.  I bid $150 per night and this Hilton took the bid so I spent Friday and Saturday night here.  At least it was cheap. The room was OK.  It was clean and the beds were comfortable so I can't complain too much (though the bathroom was TINY and the TV in a horrible location). This hotel is just too big.  The lobby is always insanely busy.  They have so many people trying to get in late at night that you have to show your room key at the door.  While I was trying to fish the key card out of my purse at 1am, several drunks wandered in trying to find an open bar so I can see why but it's still annoying. The staff here were unbelievable rude.  When I checked in, I got what I refer to as the Priceline Pinched Pout.  Look, if they don't want to sell cheap rooms through Priceline, then they shouldn't.  But they should treat all guests with respect.  But the rudest person could not even have known that I had booked through Priceline.  It was the information booth woman who was too busy trying to hawk cheap rooms for your next visit to bother telling me where the luggage room was.  What a you-know-what that rhymes with witch. To top it all off, they wanted an extra $18 per day to use the gym.  Come on!  Even Hyatt has the GetFit program.  Even the crappy Novotel offered me an elliptical trainer with my room charge.  Every time I stay at a Hilton, I remember why I generally avoid them.  Unfortunately, my experience here was no different.
I'm a Hilton Honors Silver Member, so I was surprised to be placed on a floor marked as "Hilton Honors Diamond" (the 9th floor). Was this an unmentioned upgrade? I'm not sure - and I forgot to ask - but in any case, my room was great. Could have had a little more natural light (it was dim even with the lamps turned on), but it was clean, well decorated and spacious. Other pros: Free use of an awesome fitness center for Silver HH members and higher (and it's a NICE fitness center); friendly staff; quality room service even though the prices are ridiculous; and finally, the location. So close to MOMA, Radio City Music Hall, shops on Fifth Avenue...an ideal location, really. A few cons: I could hear a LOT of traffic noise on the 9th floor - horns honking, etc.; no free wifi (a trend with Hiltons); VERY crowded. Every time I walked through the lobby or tried to get on the elevators, it was insane! I got a great rate by booking and paying in advance on Hilton's web site - less than $200. I did this because I was traveling for work; not sure I'd do it for personal travel, but it might be worthwhile to gamble if you want to save some money. It was an excellent rate for this location.
First of all, it really is a nice hotel, but is it work the money paid?  NOT AT ALL.  I guess its like anything in NYC (especially Manhattan, OVERPRICED)  Oh, well the staff is nice, the rooms are nice, the beds are comfy.  I was a little bummed that my room only had a small tube TV unlike ALL the other rooms I went into with 42 inchers (it seemed) but I did have a great view of the city from where I was at. I was attending a conference so its much easier to stay at the hotel for the conference (this Hilton makes a great conference spot - the conference center is amazing) but if I didn't have to, I would find something else further away from times square for A LOT less. Oh well, overall not a bad experience, but I have to give it only 3 stars because of the problems I had with my rate, and booking dates with the idiot on the phone.  Finally had to get things cleared up with a manager (who fixed my problem) after the person on the phone told me what I was wanting could not be done.  What do you mean, its a freaking computer YOU TELL IT WHAT TO DO MAAM .... oh well.  LOL
I stay with Hilton family hotels everywhere I go usually, so when I booked my trip for business for NYC I decided to see if I could find one of the Hilton's that was in my budget. For 199 a night, I found the Hilton New York and booked. On the drive up I decided to call and be a brat and use my Diamond status to request an upgrade to a suite. I figured that since I was in New York and never really utilize my HHonors status, I'd give it a whirl. The lady said there was a suite available and when I checked in and made my way up to the room, I couldn't stop laughing. It wasn't a suite, it was an apartment. There was a kitchen with a dishwasher, a dining room complete with a dining room table with 8 chairs, two couches in the lounge, two bathrooms, a massive king size room, and a jacuzzi with auto-fil tube system (which I didn't come close to figuring out). The location was pretty nice - about five blocks or so from Times Square, one block from Radio City and the Letterman Show and about ten minutes from Soho. The room was big and grand, but my one problem with the Hiltons is that they usually scream 1970s. The room was completely outdated but still fun obviously. Parking is 48 bucks for 24 hours or 10 dollars for half an hour - what a deal! Ha! I didn't use the internet but I think it was like 19 dollars for 24 hours which is clearly absurd. The breakfast buffet in the restaurant downstairs was 30 dollars for the full thing, but its NY, so you can't really be too picky.
I am neither for nor against this hotel.   To me it was just there. I was attending a convention here so I can't comment on the hotel itself - but only regarding the staff, the convention center, and the look.   Which were all good!   That's all.    =)
This is NOT what you would expect from a four star hotel, stained carpet, the bathroom outlet didn't work so I dried my hair at the desk, no fan in the bathroom although there was a super funky and rusty vent, peeling wallpaper and the beds are not remotely luxurious. I know from experience there are way better and less expensive hotels in the same area.
I guess  this place was alright, but there were a couple of things that bothered me... the towel rack broke, like, immediately upon first use by barely touching it, which makes me think someone knew it was already broke but pieced it back together secondly, the mini bar was completely cleaned out, expect for a couple of Cuervo shooters, not that I usually use stuff from the mini bars in hotels because they charge you crazy on that stuff, but it was just kinda crappy looking in there good things were the location right near central park, the lounge areas were nice and the staff was friendly, all in all a decent value for NYC but don't expect to be WOWed...
This is an international style factory hotel.  The largest in the city.  It is always busy and feels a bit like a zoo.  The rooms are large and comfortable, the place is well run and the service is good. The restaurant sucks ($35 breakfast and essentially no menu). Bottom line:  a clean, well run property swarming with foreign tourists and conventioneers.  It provides a decent but by no means memorable experience.
My soon to be in-laws were visiting from the west coast.  We decided to head out to NYC.  My fiance was in search of her wedding dress and we decided to enjoy the holidays in one of the greatest cities in the world.  Hotel rooms were incredibly expensive and we were excited to find a deal in the Executive Suites at the Hilton located on 6th Ave and 52nd Street. Rooms: 3.5 stars The room was large enough to cater to 4 people which was a relief taking into consideration how tiny NYC hotel rooms can be.  The decor was dated though.  The curtains could have been found in the local circus.  The beds were comfortable and the amenities were above average (cable television, etc). Staff/Service: 3.5 stars There is quite a bit of staff throughout the hotel.  The concierge seemed to be attentive to guests, even though we didn't use their services directly.  Checking bags was easy and organized.  The hotel rooms were cleaned quickly and done well.  Service was above average but not above and beyond generally good service (like you would sometimes see in high-end hotel establishments) Food/Drinks: 2.5 stars The Marketplace downstairs is a good feature.  The bar in front of the hotel is alright.  It has very overpriced drinks with ok service and not the best ambiance.  The bar reminded me of a bar that hadn't been renovated since the 1980s.  Breakfast for the Executive Suites was adequate but could be expanded.  It was just a more spruced up continental breakfast that you would find at a Best Western.  There were no hot choices for the entire breakfast. Location: 4.5 stars The location of this Hilton is a double edged sword and really depends on what you are looking for in NYC.  I love being close to Hell's Kitchen where some of the best food in the city can be found.  I hate being so close to Times Square, especially during Christmas.  We love to eat and drink in West Village/Greenwich Village and trying to get through Times Square to get downtown is a nightmare.  Even despite the crowds, you can't beat being on 6th Ave on Christmas. Ambiance: 3.0 stars The Hilton is a hotel which caters mainly to families.  There are kids running around everywhere.  I don't mind being around families, especially when I'm in NYC for a family oriented trip.  BUT, when I am out in NYC to party, I wouldn't want to stay in this Hilton.  As far as decor-- see the above. **Overall: 3.0 stars The Hilton is a good hotel.  It can get a little pricey but during busy holiday seasons, it is a great option vs. other similar hotel chains.  Outside of holidays or times when you need a good option for a reasonable(ish) price, I would probably look to other hotels in the city, especially if you are looking to avoid the crowds and tourists in Times Square area.  For the families, the Hilton is a good place to stay.  For younger patrons, you'll be content but not excited.
I stay in a lot of hotels and although this one is nothing to write home about, there are some positives: - The staff is VERY friendly.  Whenever I see a Hilton employee (from maid to front desk), they say hello and smile - It's clean - It's in a great location The cons: - It's old (gross shower) and doesn't have enough counter space in the bathroom - The walls and door are VERY thin (hello neighbor above me having an intimate moment.... gross!!....) - The wallpaper is peeling - It's slightly outdated - Last call at the hotel lobby bar is 11:45PM (at least on Sunday) I'm here for work, so a decent enough hotel for a couple of days and it's in a good location.  If I had my druthers (or endless cash supply), I likely wouldn't stay here again.
My stay was 5 days/4 nights in April, 2007. Thumps Up: The facility is very nice, though not as stunning as you'd expect given the location and price. The staff was very helpful. The meeting spaces and ballrooms were very nice. Thumbs Down: My king bed room was really small. It also looked and felt a bit outdated. (I saw a friend's double beds room on a different floor, and it was bigger and seemed more modern.) The room service and restaurant prices are ridiculous: $38 (total) for a room service cheeseburger, and $28 for the restaurant breakfast buffet. (Welcome to NYC!) I'd consider staying here again, but won't go out of my way to do so.
This is my go-to option for lodging in New York, and you'll generally find me at the Hilton New York a few times each year. The hotel's primary qualities are location and well-appointed rooms. Location in New York is key -- this hotel is right in the middle of Midtown but not too close to Times Square, so you can actually get some sleep here. Clean, new rooms are an important factor in New York, where you can find yourself paying $250 for a dingy butler's pantry that smells like smoke -- if you're not careful. I know not to expect to use much of the hotel's amenities, which is important because this place is mobbed. The elevators, executive lounges, gym, lobby, and other public spaces simply can't handle the traffic from 2,000-ish booked rooms. This costs the hotel a star -- note, however, that there is plenty of well-trained staff to serve you. They could use to knock out 25 rooms to build a new sky lounge. Oh, and the city's official Best Halal Street Vendor is parked right outside, or at least it used to be. Look for the line.
So the wallpaper in the bathroom is peeling, the hallway on the 27th floor smells and is being re-papered/spackled, and there is a serious lack of outlets in the bedroom...but it IS in a great location. I've been to two conferences here and the hotel has the ability to handle a few thousand people at once, without seeming too crowded (except for the elevators). And did I mention it's in a great location?
Great Hotel and Staff....Do your research before you buy into some of these comments.  I stayed at this hotel last month and came back once again this month.  The location is great, but more so, the staff is superb.  They began the renovation when I was here in December and it didn't affect any services.  After reading some of these comments, I wonder if it is their first time to NY.  Nothing is cheap and little is free in NYC and I have found more services available here and reasonable than many NYC hotels.  The hotel is near many venues, Central Park and more so...close to subway stations. I did have one concern with my room which I reported and I immediately received a call from the Customer Service Manager - Nadia Rodriguez who answered all my questions and went above and beyond to take care of my concerns.  I travel a lot and I must say, Nadia's response was true customer service and she is differently an asset for Hilton.  When you can find a hotel with great staff, is very clean, and in a wonderful location, you don't have a problem recommending it...
Location, location, location.  If you are looking for a central spot in the city, this is it!  Within walking distance of the Theater District, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Times Square, and quick subway access it is an ideal spot. The hotel is busy with over 2,000 rooms, and offers wonderful people watching:)  The staff was very helpful and friendly.   We had a heating problem and the maintenance staff promptly came to correct the problem.  If you want to strong drink head over to the Skybar for a cocktail.  It's usually bustling with guests after 6 p.m. The real downside to the hotel are the amenities and decor.  None of the amenities are included in your room price.  Internet access is fifteen dollars per day, per computer. The business center has ridiculous prices.   We needed to print our theater tickets and did so for 12 dollars.  The hotel gym is fifteen dollars per day. The room size is great, very large and spacious.  The linens and bedding are very comfortable and cozy.  Our room was on the 26th floor.  The curtains shut out the light but not the sound from the busy avenue below.  However, it wasn't difficult to fall asleep and we never heard sounds from other hotel guests.  I noticed a cigarette smell in the room and hotel lobby although the hotel is 100 percent smoke free.  In regards to housekeeping, do not expect top notch service.  Each day the floor was left dirty and housekeeping left food trays in the hallway for over two days, not very attentive to the details.
Very good overall experience. Just be aware that there are floors which have not been refurbished in quite a while, but say it when making your reservation. Also, WIFI is free in lounge, but 15$ in your room ... be carful with your breakfast, the buffet is abundant, but not cheap. You get the idea: you get the basics, but everything else adds to your bill.
We enjoyed our stay at this hilton. Everyone was nice and the location is great walking distance to Times Square. It is priced a little high but it's expected in New York but for the money we would expected to have wifi included for free and access to the gym.  We paid $20 or so to work out which was ridiculous.  Other than that we enjoyed the stay.
Why do I always get placed next to the staff cleaning rooms in NYC (see my Ace Hotel review yelp.com/biz/ace-hotel-n…)? Seriously, not cool when you're paying $300+ per night. The Hilton is centrally located in Midtown West, close to Times Square, Central Park and the 5th Avenue shops. Check-in was abysmal. I was attending a large convention, and there were only two people behind the desk. The room was small even by NYC standards, smelled moldy, and lacked electrical outlets. Oh, did I mention the gigantic brown stains in the bath tub? Coffee? Blood? My room was situated right next to the staff cleaning rooms, and while not as bad as the Ace, noise was an issue. Housekeeping would literally stand outside my door and chat incessantly. They were so close it was as if they were having their conversations in my room. The ladies were friendly though, offering me towels and toiletries when I left, since I was working from my room and had the "do not disturb" sign on the door. Some other gripes. Apparently you can get free wifi if you forgo housekeeping (which I did) but there weren't any details. On the flip side, all the HHonors promotions on the revolving door expired months ago. Elevators can be quite slow, too. Pros included a gym with a nice view and cardio equipment. Locker rooms were closed though so hope that your elevator isn't crowded after your workout. Also, props to the concierge/porter Soloman (I think) who gave me ice after I twisted my ankle right outside the hotel. There are some charges on my room that I didn't make, too. I'll update and let you know how those are settled.
Could the rooms be updated along with every other hotel at that price-point in NYC?  Yes.  That being said, the location is great.  The service isn't that of the luxury hotels, but it wouldn't be a fair comparison.  This hotel is busy and fast paced and they handle it well.  Thank you Matthew, the evening manager of the front desk, for being so personable and sweet and accommodating.
Great central location- check in was quick and painless. Huge lobby and front entrance is constantly packed with people coming and going, punctuated by the obnoxious whistle blowing of the security guards. The room we had was larger than I expected and the bathroom wasn't matchbox sized. Great view of midtown came from wall to wall windows. The room itself was a bit rundown- it could use a fresh coat of paint and a few small repairs to look up to date. The cleaning staff was fabulous. Our first day there it was pouring rain and they noticed us heading to the elevator sans umbrella. One woman quickly stopped us and gave us a 50 year commemorative umbrella to help us stay dry. So sweet of her. The umbrella was huge and really made a difference. I will come back in the future- ideally to a club floor.
Love my Hilton properties.  Hilton New York is def no different. Stayed Sat thru Tues after Memorial Day.  Arrived rather early in the city so our room wasn't yet ready which was fine though the gal behind the counter was a bit rough about delivering the news.  Hello it's NYC. We will make do - happily.  Rooms are spacious.  Bed rocks.  Shower head rocks. Kindly take a pass on the free breakfast offered.  We tried.  There's a reason why it's free.  Instead go for a NYC diner experience for breakfast grub.  Hilton NY is in mid-town Manhattan perfect location. Perfect stay.
Stayed one night, we got a great price on the room through priceline, very nice, classy hotel.  Nice central area to stay, close shopping, central park and times square all an easy walk. freindle helpfull staff. cant coment on the regular rate as we used priceline, the resturants or the room service prices or quality, but our room was great as was the view!
Just visited New York City for the first time from London, England. Didn't really know what to expect but I can honestly say that it has been my best stay in a hotel ever. We were early arriving and checkin isn't until 15:00. I just went to enquire if I could leave my bags anywhere and the nice assistant said "I'm sure we can check you in now". Which he did excellent. I went up to our room on the 18th floor and the room was immaculate, lovely bed, brilliant TV and great temperature controls. The hotel is within a 10 min walk of times square and fifth avenue.  And it was easy and quick to pick up a taxi from the front of the hotel.  An excellent hotel will recommend it to anyone coming to NYC can't wait to return!!! Thank You!
There are so many hotels in NYC, DO NOT book at this one.  It is  nasty dirty, needs immediate updating, noisy and expensive.  Just because it has the "Hilton" name does not mean it is a good place to be.  They should be ashamed to charge $14.99 per night per gadget for WIFI.  Do yourself a favor and go someplace else, ANY PLACE else.  I was very disappointed and felt ripped off.  Additionally, they damaged my car in the parking lot!
Situated in walking distance to Times Square, Broadway and all the other attractions you'd want to see, the Hilton Midtown has a location advantage. However, I was a tad disappointed with the cleanliness of the bathroom. I am a germaphobe and needless to say, I used a ton of clorox wipes everywhere. This is the first time I didn't tip housekeeping :( The gentleman in the next room was smoking and his smoke got into our bathroom through a vent even though it was a non-smoking floor. Thankfully, he checked out the next day. The beds were delightfully comfortable and clean, which could have earned it 4 stars, save the overall value for my money. From the door man to concierge, everyone was super friendly. I met someone who had worked with The Hilton for over 20 years so that speaks volumes about how the company treats its employees. That was impressive!!! The hallway carpets looked like something out of a bad industrial building and in much need of an update. My daughter and I were on our first vacation and in spite of our disappointment,  we loved our 28th floor view of the city, which included a squinting view of a portion of Central Park. We will definitely be giving The Hilton another chance but certainly not this Hilton :-)
Stayed here for the American Sociological Association's annual meeting. First the positives: the room was very clean, and bright. Beds are comfortable. Staff are friendly. That's about all that's good about this place. Now for the juicy stuff: nothing is complimentary. Honesty,  I'm surprised they didn't charge for shampoo. A continental breakfast is $27. Their in-house restaurant, Herb n' kitchen, is a travesty. $9 for the saddest breakfast burrito I have ever had the misfortune to eat. Pathetic. In room wifi? You're going to pay for that. Luggage check? $3.50 please. Check-in? Wait at least 10 minutes. I'm from Kansas and maybe rich city folk like paying for things that are free most places. The Hilton epitomizes this idea of having more dollars than sense.
Seems to be a nice hotel in regard to the public areas. It is a pity that the rooms resemble rabbit hutches rather than $490 a night hotel room. Just as well I do not have a cat to swing as it would have a severe headache! This is fashion week in NYC so I guess I should be lucky that I am not forced to sleep on a park bench in Central Park, but I make the rash assumption that I should get something approaching value for money when staying at a big name hotel in Manhattan. Needless to say that next time I come to Manhattan it will not be at a peak time and I will not be staying at Hilton.
This is essentially a big-box tourist hotel with reasonable rates and basic amenities.  Do not expect the same treatment you would find in a hotel which caters to business travelers or higher end tourists.   I rented a suite for two days for business meetings.  Upon returning to my suite after breakfast, I found the door jammed.  The house locksmith had to open it with a crowbar. It took another 7-8 hours to get me into another suite.  No offer to upgrade to a better suite, no comps of any kind.   One of several causes for the delay  was that the front desk or even the hotel manager cannot tell the unionized housekeeping staff what rooms to clean when.  I ended up holding my biz meetings in the bar.   Other than a distinct lack of hustle in support of business travelers, I was disappointed by the meager self-service "executive" breakfast area and the general cheap appearance of the rooms.  I won't even go into the reservation issues I had...just make sure to double-check you'd before you arrive and bring your emailed confirmation.   On the bright side, the staff I interacted wit were all personable and the quality of snack bar/grill (there is no restaurant) was a pleasant surprise.
Room - 1 star for the value and, well, the room. We stayed in room 1721. We are Hilton Honors members and supposedly the 17th floor is HH floor. The room was quite large for NYC with a comfy bed. That's it. View of ugly machinery. No coffee maker, no fridge or minibar, two towels. Couldn't enjoy the bed for two reasons. No matter what we set the thermostat to, it remained 72 degrees - hot. The room is right by the elevator, sounded like a subway in the bathroom, and we could hear everyone talking waiting for the elevator. Also, very early in the morning, we were awakened by maids chatting and clattering as the room is also right across from the supply room. The room is also very dated, carpets, wallpaper, artwork, etc, old and frayed. The lobby is nice, though. And while there's a lobby bar that was packed with people waiting for tables, there is a nice lounge behind the elevators with great drinks, barsnacks and service. Actually, alll of the staff were friendly and efficient. One star for location as we had to be in the area. One star for nice lobby and terrific staff. Would have been upset if we had paid money for the room. I'm so dissappointed that we spent 60,000 points for a room which by no stretch of the imagination was "premium." Needless to say, we'll be trying other Hiltons in the area on future stays.
Everyone in NY is PMS-ing or somethin'. I'm arriving early into NYC  tomorrow morning.  Like, 6 AM. So, naturally - I call the hotel today to #1, make sure my reservation is there, and #2, to see about probability of  checking in early.  There's no way I will be getting a good night's sleep on the plane, so I like to know these things ahead of time. Operator:  "NY Hilton." Grace: "Hi there, front desk, please." O:  "Concerning what?"   (Who asks this?  You're the operator, just tell me to have a nice day and transfer me!) G: (....) "Um.... my upcoming reservation?" O: "Do you have one or you're wanting one?" G: "I have one, and I want to verify it's there, and I also wanted to see about an early check-in." O: (sighs... she SIGHS!) "Hold on." ...................................... Front Desk B*tch: "NY Hilton." G: "Is this the front desk?" FDB: "Yes." G: "Hi, I wanted to make sure my reservation is there.  Last name is -" FDB:  "What's your confirmation number?" G: "Uh... well can I give you my last name instead?  I'm part of the ____ wedding party." FDB: (.. SIGH...) "What's your last name?" G: (thinks to self... WTF?... and gives last name) FDB: "Yeah, it's here, checking in tomorrow and out on the 28th." G: "OK thanks - and also, I'll be arriving at 6 AM tomorrow, and probably at the hotel by 7 AM.  I know you can't guarantee an early check-in, but wanted to see about the probability of getting a room." FDB:  "We can't guarantee an early check-in." G:  "Yeah, I kinda just said that, too.  But, what does availability look like?" FDB: "We're busy, we're pretty booked up." G: (finding myself getting really irritated) ... "So is that your way of saying that chances are NOT good?" FDB: "Yeah, not good." G: "Alright..." FDB:  "Anything else?" Grace:  (yeah, I hope you have a miserable, rotten day and get your foot run over by a car.)  "No, that's it." FDB: "Thank you for calling the Hilton."  --- CLICK. Grace:  "Unbelievable." . . . , , I was born and raised in NY - but I have officially lived in California too long now.   Either that, or I am entirely too accustomed to Starwood Hotels.  I should have booked a SPG hotel - - but that halal stand in front of the Hilton, that's what got me hooked.  That, and my previous experiences at this hotel. The things I will tolerate for a good halal stand at 3 AM....
Horrible, HORRIBLE font desk staff.  Darren and this clown named Winston were particularly useless. I was locked out of my room and they wouldn't help me get access again whatsoever.  Do yourself a HUGE favor and stay far, far away from this place.  You may pay more elsewhere but it's worth it.
place is the perfect location for your travels in New York.  If you can afford it.  Book it.  five blocks from central park.  10 minutes to time square and the theatre district.  You can walk everywhere.  MOMA 1/2 block away.  Rockerfeller center is right there.  Such fun. Room was a bit small, but fine.  Bed was so comfy though and slept great.  Rooms were quiet also. water pressure in the showers fluctuated at times, but most hotels do. If you can afford it, get something at the executive level.  This means breakfast each morning for everyone in your room.  Could be a savings for you and for sure a time saver. One less thing to think about.
I am a hilton diamond member and was treated like a common criminal the night I lost my wallet. I was interrogated and questioned for over 30 mins in a back room despite my repeated attempts to tell the who I was. Once they realized I was who I said I was, they were not apologetic but continued to harass me and treat me poorly. DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Go elsewhere.
If you stayed at this or any Hilton or Hilton family of hotels,you give them your email when making a reservation. Well these fine folks take your email address and spam you constantly for Hilton honors and Blah blah blah. You can click on the link in the email to opt out but don't bother they'll never stop emailing you. Beware giving your email when booking with them.
This isn't exactly the location I would normally choose when staying in New York but I was there for a conference.  I have to say I was very pleased.  For New York the room was big and the bed was comfortable.  (I was on one of the newly remodeled floors)  There are a ton of dining options around the hotel and almost every subway line is within walking distance.  If the subway isn't your thing there are always tons of cabs outside either at the cab stand or just driving up 6th.  The meeting facilities were great if you're thinking about hosting an event there, I liked them much more than the facilities at the Sheraton across the street.
I am so happy to be back at the Hilton for the long holiday weekend - thanks to my great boss who let me slip down to NYC from BOS in the middle of a business trip.  The service has been excellent and my room (got a deluxe renovated) is spotless and very comfortable.  I'm on the 30th floor and though my view is office buildings I can see some of the lights in Time Square.  Very happy here and will most certainly return!
The toilet was leaking and they were not willing to change my room. Worst hotel from all times!
Overall an okay experience - it's a tiny room with a bathroom, what's there to say?  It's clean, but that's expected.  Still, I could sometimes hear people in the hall like they were in the same room with me.  It's a good thing I'm not a light sleeper or the review could have been much worse.
This still remains where I stay when I come to NYC but amenities are diminishing for Hilton loyalists.  First, no more lounge on the top floor and the Starbucks is also gone.  I still love the gym since it's rather small but clean and stocked with towels, etc.  Also, the location is pretty unbeatable (at least for me).  I might give the W a try next time if amenities keep slipping.
Can I give this hotel less than 1 star? This is a Hilton guys come on! We came last year to the hotel for one night, in two adjoining rooms.  When we got to our rooms we went to the bathroom and noticed the sink was cracked.  Then in the other bathroom my mother nearly cut her hand on the toilet handle because a shard had been broken off and sticking out, there was also a stain on the carpet.  We called the front desk to let them know about what was going on, mostly so they wouldn't think we caused the damage.  Upon waking up the next morning I realized that there were coffee like stains all over my sheets.  We immediately went to the front desk and were told oh sorry do you want us to change the sheets? Umm yeah?  The manager who was in the back yelled "oh why do they need to talk to me isn't it handled?". Rude and completely unacceptable.  We later emailed the hotel and were given a comp room.  We came back this year and got the same adjoining rooms.  We figured it was a one time thing and decided to give it a try.  Well when we got to this room the sink had hair covering it like someone had just shaved, gross! That is basic cleaning.  We again went to the front desk and Leslie the manager fixed it immediately and was soo nice.  Props to her  she is very good.  A note to Hilton, give her a raise and keep her there for a long time.  She is a saving grace!  She moved our room and made sure we were taken care of.  However upon checkout today we were packing and realized that someone had left the end of their mariquana cigarette on the desk in the room.  Unacceptable and illegal!  The guy at the front desk just yes'd us to death.  Also, they need upgrading the wallpaper is peeling and the walls are caved due to flooding mentioned in other reviews.  It is gross.  Sorry Hilton we have you two tries.  We will be staying somewhere else on our next visit!
I liked the room.  I liked the location.  The lobby is a bit weird, with a walkway through their restaurant to get to the Starbucks (yelp.com/biz/QCMm_TLxh0W…) and side exit.  The staff was hit or miss.  I would certainly stay here again, but it's pricey.
First, everything, and I mean everything costs extra at this hotel. I'm surprised there isn't a coin slot on the toilet that charges per flush. Then to add insult to injury, I find out if the outside temperature isn't above 50F, they won't turn the heat on. While not freezing cold, the temperature in the room never budged above 69F. That's great if you've been outside moving about and its warm outside, but when you're working in the room, doing typical office tasks on the computer and not moving around much you get to feeling uncomfortably cold. And I'm paying $400/night to feel uncomfortable? Sheesh!
I've discovered that it is extremely hard to find an updated room in this area of New York. The rooms are quite large for NY standards, enough to fit a desk and a couch and a king sized bed. I was here at the end of my 8th month of pregnancy, beginning of my 9th, and the staff was unbelievably helpful. Everyone went out of their way to make things easier on me. Despite being very pregnant, one of the things I love about this hotel is the hustle and bustle! Inside the hotel definitely feels like you're still in New York. If you want a quieter place - try The Benjamin. It's quite nice as well, only the rooms are tiny in comparison! The one thing I found odd is that you had to have the refrigerator/stocked bar unlocked by hotel staff. Frustrating when you wake up and all you want is that Snapple juice you KNOW is in there. Breakfast is ABSURDLY priced, $35.00 is outrageous and they don't let you fill your own drinks so expect a tiny glass of juice and a bit slow service on refills. There are so many great places you can eat nearby, though. I was here during Christmas so quite a few things were closed unfortunately. I ended up having to be changed rooms (Someone thought it was awesome to light up and smoke cigarettes in their room and my room wouldn't stop smelling like a Texas bar.) They moved me to a higher room, just as clean (I think they may have remodeled recently - the bathrooms were sparkling marble and super nice!), and with a great view. My second room on the 9th floor was very very quiet. I couldn't even hear anything from outside, which is rare. Due to the fact that we got chased out of our first room by smoke, we were compensated with vouchers for breakfast and dinner for two. Dinner was wonderful and so was breakfast the second time around (when I didn't feel like I had to make that $35.00 count.) I have to say the couches are extremely comfy in the bedrooms, I fell asleep on it twice and woke up just as refreshed as if I had been in an ultra plush bed. Very close to anything touristy you may want to do and the famous Halal cart is right by the side of the hotel. I'll definitely be choosing this Hilton again next time I'm in the area. As to the comments about paying for wifi - it's going to cost you out the ass at any hotel in this area, so stop your whining! I used my iPhone and my iPad (both have 3g) in the room, and managed just fine! As for my laptop, I tried to avoid it this trip but whenever I needed to use it there's a great sitting area downstairs in the lobby with free wifi. So no biggie :)
Good location but many things did not seem worth the price of this place. We were give a corner room but boy was it noisy. The sink has hot water some of the time and not cold. The shower does not drain. No fridge in the room and no wifi for average guests. Not worth the cost.
For a conference I cannot complain. While I fully admit I stayed elsewhere (The Beekman) and would never opt to pay what the Hilton asks for a room the conference facilities were top notch, the personnel helpful, and the space plenty adequate for our needs.
These NYC hotels are hard to review. You know why? They are all overpriced for what they offer. That being said, I still have an opinion. This hotel is old, run down, and needs work. Good location if Times Square is your thing, but there are so many other choices if you're spending $429 per night that I just cant recommend this place. Find a boutique hotel that will take better care of you (like the Chambers Hotel) if that's more your taste.
I was in NYC to attend a conference that was being held at the Hilton and my corporate travel booked me into the Hilton because they thought that it would be more convenient stay in the same location as the conference.  The rate is $400+ a night and the condition of the hotel is appalling. The wall paper is peaking off the wall, the carpeting has to be over 20 years old and hasn't been cleaned in years. Just awful! The wireless internet is $18 per day and doesn't work. Stay away!
what a shitty hotel WARNING DO NOT STAY HERE! i am in NY for a conference and booked this hotel which has not been updated since 1979 Its a shithole and overpriced to boot. Stay at the Hudson or at the London which is across the street, DO NOT STAY HERE they7 will never upgrade as long as suckers keep booking so stop being a sucker and do not book this place
This is a bit of a strange review, because I didn't stay there.  We stayed at the Buckingham Hotel around the corner. But when the Buckingham refused to let us print our boarding passes on a Saturday morning, we walked into the Hilton, and there were about 5-6 free-standing computer terminals where, once we entered our reservation numbers, we could print our boarding passes! Nice!!
I liked our stay over at the Hilton New York during our NYC trip their.  We got their view of the roof of the building next door but hey as long as they have a bed, which was very comfy, and a private bath, I am all set.  Service was good at the Hilton with our room being cleaned up as it should when we comeback from our day in the Big Apple.  I could understand why others here on Yelp were not font of this hotel since they do charge for wireless internet and that they were very busy since its in the heart of Manhattan but I don't ask for much when it comes hotels/motels and factor in that I had a discount rate for our stay, I would comeback for another stay at the New York Hilton.
None of my colleagues had a good experience at this hotel.  It is in a good location but that is about it.  It is definitely NOT worth the price and the service that we received - both for the hotel rooms and the conference room.
Two stars for location only. Our room was dirty, dirty, dirty! Fingernail clippings on the floor, a bathtub that didn't drain, multiple stains on the comforter, and a huge, disgusting stain on the chair.
The 4 stars are for event space and architecture.  The ballrooms in the NY Hilton are absolutely beauitful.  Good space for medium conferences or meetings, and wedding banquets.  It is pricier than other hotels in the Times Square area, but not that much more expensive, given the space shortage and high demand for conference space.
My experience at the Hilton New York is as  hotel baby sitter. I have been there many times to baby sit. I have also been to a few conferences here as well. The 5 star rating system is neither useful funny or cool and I am sorry I have to give it 2 stars but I gave the St. Regis 3  stars and it is not as good as the St.Regis but it is also not as bad at the Marriott Marquis that I gave 2 stars to. If your choice is the Hilton or Marriott Marquis I would chose this. Having said that in such a hotel hotel it is not at all realistic to expect there to be personal service or great security. Wikipedia says it is the tallest hotel in NYC. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hi… It is also a part of NYC history. I do not hate this hotel but I don't love it either! It is average in every way. However it is a good choice if you are on a budget and do not want to deal with bed bugs. There are no reports of bed bugs here according to this site. bedbugregistry.com/hotel… It is billed as a luxury hotel, it is not  a luxury hotel by an stretch of the imagination. But it is not a dump either. The rooms are a good size for a  NYC hotel. There are no stand out amenities that make it any different from any other Midtown hotel. But the location is good. It is away from the chaos of Times Square. I know that many people who stay here are staying on an expense account and because of that they have to eat in the hotel restaurants. They are basic hotel restaurants nothing special so if you do not have to eat there you are better off venturing out into the city to eat at a unique restaurant that you might not have back home! Here is a list of restaurants in the neighborhood. urbanspoon.com/ps/3/457/… However for the uninformed , Manhattan is really easy to get around by foot, bus, or by subway or by cab. There are many great inexpressive restaurants near by on 9th Ave. Just a quick walk or cab ride to Hell's Kitchen. If you have to stay at  a Hilton due to points this is a good choice. Here is  a link to the other Hilton hotels  in NYC. hiltonfamilynewyork.com But this is a good choice!
I've never stayed here for an evening but I've been to their conference spaces many times and have experienced the general area. It's a very nice place with helpful staff. My main reason for reviewing though is their collection of original art. Specifically, there is an amazing painting by John Dubrow inside the mezzanine. It's an image of Prospect Park in Brooklyn and it has to be one of the best paintings hanging in the city. If you're staying here don't miss it. The entire first floor middle section is this cool raised platform with lots of comfy chairs. If I was from out of town and had the money I would consider Hilton as my hotel.
The New York Hilton is on the upswing. My recent stays this year have shown a marked improvement over its past.  The location of the hotel is great. The service at the hotel has improved dramatically in 2010 and it is now a delightful place to stay in the center of NYC.  Nice lobby bar too...Kudos to the new manager of the hotel, who formerly was at the Waldorf=Astoria for bringing added service and excitement to this Hilton property.
The rooms are small, yes, but it's New York and how much room do you expect to get! The only annoying thing about the hotel is the elevator system; if the hotel is at all crowded, you could wait ten minutes or more for an elevator on one of the high floors. Try to get a room on a lower floor!
See review from 2 years ago... not much has changed.
Decent hotel.  Nice lobby bars. Flat screen TVs but dated decor. good location. Clean and good staff.
Yes, it was a nice hotel, but the stuff they make you pay for is ridiculous.  They want $15 a day for Internet use, as well as $15 a day to use the exercise room.  Shouldn't that come with the price of the hotel?  The good thing, is that it was right next to the Hallal Guys stand and not too far from Times Square, Sacco pizza, and Blue Dog cafe.  I'm just glad the track team paid for it, not me.
A big, big, big hotel in New York. OK. Close to the theater district but you can stay closer.
I have mixed feelings about this place.  The location is SUPERB.  Just a stone's throw from MoMA, and easy walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Columbus Circle, Carnegie Hall, and the Theatre District.  Location is why I keep coming back. Most of the times that I have stayed here, I have had a decent room.  In fact, we once got upgraded to spacious suite.  Yet on my most recent visit, I was put in a room that was lodged between the elevators and a large utility closet.  WTH?!  It was small, hot, NOISY, and miserable.  This is how they treat their Hilton Honors clients?  Maintenance could not bring down the temperature in the room.  Finally I couldn't take it anymore and told them that I was checking out.  They quickly found me a quiet room that was twice as large, and credited my account $100.   OK, back to their amenities:  they have a large, well-equipped gym on the fifth floor.  Clean. Huge windows.  Very nice.  They have a business center on the second floor.  Very convenient, open all hours.  However, they charge $1/minute to use their computers & the internet, with a $10 minimum.  They should seriously rethink their pricing.  And they block internet access to your room, so if you don't feel like forking over the $17 daily rate, you have to go downstairs to the lobby or the street to get internet access.   That is a pain in the buttttttt.   A word to the wise:  If you go in Spring, you may encounter hundreds if not thousands of noisy high schoolers from all over the world staying at this Hilton.  They are participating in a mock United Nations exercise.  While I'm sure that many of these young people are well-behaved, a lot are LOUD and unruly.
Not my favorite hotels. I have been on the road for 1.5 weeks so I have some past experience that were far more superior than the Hilton. I am attending a conference so this is a business trip. Overall it is a Hilton...an older Hilton with a nice lobby and gym....but rooms are outdated. Staff is not 100% helpful, but maybe that is just the NY attitude. Everything here costs money...$3.50 to check your luggage...$25 handling fee for shipping....just adds up. Front desk was accomodating and offered to change my room from a 2 double beds to 1 queen bed. Great location. I walked to alot of the major tourist spots.
I've been to a few conferences at this hotel, so I'm used to it now.  I think it's good for a conference.  The meeting rooms are OK, sometimes they can be too hot.  The area is a good one with a lot of restaurants, shopping and museums around so you can go to MOMA or the Folk Art Museum on your lunch break.  I have stayed here once and wasn't impressed.  I thought it wasn't very clean and the staff wasn't very friendly for the price.  However, the staff who work the conferences are friendly.
I have stayed at many Hiltons, and to be frank the majority of them are OK, at best. This one, not so much. GREAT location, close enough to Time Square, and right in the heart of Midtown. However it is overly expensive, and over rated. The "newly renovated room" is like a courtyard room. Not nearly what it was cracked up to be. I was given a "Central Park View" room on the 29th floor. I could only see buildings. Not one hint of central park. The bar in the lobby is small, and it is a "SERVICE ONLY" lounge. So you are forced to purchase something even if you are checking out and waiting to leave for the airport. This would be ok, if their were other places to sit anywhere in the lobby. Breakfast Buffet has got to be the most expensive in NYC, at $45 a plate. Not even worth it. For a "Convention Hotel" there should be room service 24 hours a day. Here, you can't order a sandwich at 6pm to your room? All in all, not a good buy. Look elsewhere!
Always fun staying here when it's not work related. There are always conferences, so it's like spring break for middle management.
Stayed there for blogher. The rooms are nice and clean, typically small as most NY hotels are, but even if they discount the rooms they nickel and dime you EVERYWHERE. 12.00 to receive boxes, 15.00 to move your luggage. It's and OK experience, but beware the add-ons.
Solid hotel choice in Midtown; close to the action and hubub of Times Square and the theater district. I was attending a conference at the hotel, so I didn't shop around for other options. However, for conferences the Hilton is set up really well - plenty of space and spread out nicely. Certain times of the day required extra wait on the elevators (due to the conference), but that wasn't too terrible to deal with. The guest rooms are satisfactory; clean, comfortable bed and pillows, and quick service when we needed anything (like new towels or cups, etc.). I just wish they didn't charge for Internet...
If I got off on sterile corporate, this place would be a 4 or 5 star...I don't, so it isn't. That being said...location is excellent, you can move around in the decent sized rooms, and the non-Priceline price we paid was reasonable for NYC. After numerous visits to the city, and many more planned, I'm ready to branch out from the tourist hub and soak up some real NYC character. Next stop...Greenwich Village.
We stay here 3 or 4 tiimes a year.  We love this hotel  - staff, location and rooms.  We will continue to stay here every time.
The first thing you notice is the lobby is very welcoming and clean. The associates at the front desk are very helpful and courteous. The valet guys are very nice as well. I stayed here two nights during the power outtage and I am glad I brought my mom and my two dogs here (yes they are pet friendly; you pay $50 deposit per stay for your dogs). They have a very nice gym and spa area and the showers and lounge is very clean and the workers here are VERY friendly.  Plenty of exercise machines and equipment to accomodate to everyone. Each treadmill has a TV on it so you can catch up on last night's game highlights or watch the news. Not too bad. They gave us a room all the way at the end of the hall and it was very clean and no dust at all and the sheets were clean as well.  They have a lounge/bar area downstairs and a nice mediterranean restaurant "Etrusca" which I recommend. Overall, a top notch  Hilton experience that I am used to, and what I would expect especially in Midtown manhattan. Just a few blocks from Central Park and Columbus Circle and very close to Times Square. The perfect location if you're looking for the full NYC experience. Here's why I cannot give this place five stars: 1. The walls and windows are not as soundproof as you'd like. I cannot count how many hotels I have stayed at, but when I say the walls are thin, believe me.  I can hear drunken conversations from next door all through the night. How much do you have to talk about from 2 am till 7 am, honestly?! And must you speak so loudly. Our windows face west 53rd st so you hear trucks and honking cabs and car alarms going off at all hours of the night. Get yourself a good pair of ear plugs. 2. The TV quality is poor.  The speaker option on the phone doesn't work as well.  Considering they charge you so much, I am surprised that the quality of their appliances are so.... not top of the line or at least half way. 3. The concierge over the phone, they are rude and abrupt and not friendly.  If they were to talk to my mother that way I am sure I would have thrown a fit, but I can handle some sass. But do I want to handle unhelpfulness and bitchiness from hotel concierge staff? hell no. Do you want to pay almost $400+ a night to be treated that way? I am sure you don't I used my American Express Hilton Honors Rewards points to get two free nights here. But when I called to ask to extend my stay to another day, they abruptly said they are sold out and cannot accomodate. They just simply refused to work with me to find out my other options.  I was fuming that they could not extend my stay without a good explanation. Especially if I'm ALREADY staying there?!  Overall, it is an expensive stay, but you will be paying for the Hilton brand and the experience. Heres some pointers about this hotel: 1. Use the gym. Bring your work out gear, leave the towel in the room and leave the flip flops as well. The lockerrooms provide all that. They also provide tea and beverages. Wonderful. The fitness center staff is very friendly and courteous as well. 2. Park your car at Central Parking on West 53rd between 6th and 7th. They charge $51 a night or 24 hours. 3. Bring your pets. It's $50 per stay, up to 50 lbs. I have two mini yorkies that weigh less than 5 pounds each, so I paid $50. If you bring your Great Dane, you might have to fork over some extra money.   4. Wi-Fi is $15 per night PER DEVICE. Meaning, if you have a laptop and an iPad which you use simultaneously to browse, you will be charged $15 for each of the device per night. I was led to believe that WiFi access was $15 a night PER ROOM, so when I had three charges on my bill for two nights I was livid. The front desk was kind to reverse one of the charges for me, but come on, man. Folks, believe me I enjoy staying at the Hilton whenever I travel. However, at this Hilton at 6th Avenue between west 53rd and west 54th st's, for the experience, the price is just not justified. You just might want to look elsewhere. Mind your budget, because when you're tossing and turning at 3 a.m. because the european tourists next door are shouting/talking excitedly and running around (because they're not used to the time difference yet), then you'll ask yourself, "Was it worth spending $400+ the $51 parking per night for this?"
Worst elevator situation ever!  Typical wait time from 35th floor in morning was greater than 20 minutes.  2 days in a row the housekeeping personnel rushed us to their service elevators.  Another day we waited so long we took the stairs down 35 floors.  Do not recommend this hotel.
What a drag! I had to spend the week in New York for work and stayed here for 5 nights. Luckily, the $400/night room was on the bossman's dime, or I'd have been livid with the lack of service and experience overall. First, the hotel lacks any kind of distinct personality -- the lobby looked like a 80s Las Vegas renovation. The rooms were smallish (not horrible though, or unexpected for New York) but the problem was there were ZERO amenities included in the price. No free internet ($16 a day!!!!!). No free gym ($12 a day!?!?!). I feel like you could do much better for the price, even in this part of Manhattan. The one star? That is for the kabab cart out front.
You can often get the Hilton on Priceline for a weekend stay for a ridiculously low price.  Rooms are spacious, location is great if you are going to the theatre but not super close to the subway lines.  A bit dated in the decor, but as a place to dump your stuff while hitting the City it's not bad if you get a discounted rate.
Pretty lame hotel.  The room was small and shabby, the bathroom had minor cleanliness problems, there was no pen for me to write important information, the bars had a very limited selection of spirits, beers, and wines, everything was unreasonably expensive.  Some positives were location, service, and lobby.
UPDATE!  The Hilton is upgrading their rooms which includes (drum roll, please)... flat screen tvs!!  On my most recent stay I was on the "Hilton Diamond" floor 9 and the whole floor was being renovated.
I give this hotel 4 stars because of it's location. Being in New York, you're not in the hotel very much anyway. It's a short walk from Times Square and all of the good shopping areas by Rockefeller Center. If you need Internet, walk across the street to Starbucks to avoid paying at the hotel.
The saving grace of this hotel is its location. My friend and I were staying here as diamond level members and the amenities really were outdated. The hotel offered free breakfast and hors d'ouevres every day, but the lounge was often crowded or under stocked. We were granted free access to the hotel's wi-fi, but it was painfully slow. So slow that I started a movie rental download via iTunes on my iPad and it was only a tenth of the way through downloading after 12 hours. The room was clean, but the wall paper was peeling. The staff was friendly and helpful.
Bottom line: Much better than your average Manhattan hotel. However, very over-priced. The pros: The location is awesome. The hotel has an atmosphere of what an upscale place would look like in the 1980's (which I like). It is very 'business-like'. The cons: The rooms are small.  Street noise pierces easily through the windows (we stayed on the 21st floor). The beds / bathroom are a bit too small to be comfortable. This makes the hotel quite over-priced.
I stay here a lot. I'm a club owner. While not perfect, this hotel does do a good job representing a primary property in the Hilton family of hotels. The best thing is the location. It's in the Theatre District, Midtown, blocks from Central Park. Access to Upper and Lower burrows of New York.
For our last few Hiltons, it seems like the bigger they get, the worse they are.  For $399 a night there is no way I would pay that.  Luckily were with a group and got a great rate.  I guess it all boils down to location, location, location.
We really enjoyed the hotel and the location. We had one of the more recently remodeled rooms so were very impressed.  The view from our room was not very impressive, but that is really a hit-or-miss type thing.  I suppose you could probably pay more for a better room, but it was fine.  The hotel staff were friendly and courteous.  The hotel is also in a fantastic location.  You are close to central park, times square, Rockefeller center, MOMA, subway stations, radio city music hall, Carnegie hall, and tons of other sites and attractions.
Great location right in Midtown. Kiosk check-in and check-out earned them a star on it's own. Nice room at one of the more affordable rates in the area. Walkable to Rock Center, Times Square, etc. For the money, one of the better hotels I've found in NYC. The hotel bar options were your typical overpriced mediocrity so just head out to any number of places in the area instead.
There are better choices in this neighborhood of the city. Hotel needs an upgrade, which evidently is planned. Good location, though.
One word: lousy. Want to pay over $250/night? Stay here. $15/internet connection/day? Stay here. $36 for subpar meals? Stay here. Lack of available clean rooms at check-in? Sure, why not? I had no idea that failure could be so expensive. Never again.
just got back from ny for labor day weekend and when we were picking hotels, we were looking at hiltons since my husband is a diamond member (too much business traveling). we decided to stay here based on the location (Midtown!) and price (we got a corp discount and it was about $280/night). so, first thing i notice is that the lobby is beautiful. but that thought was gone in 2 seconds when I noticed the madhouse around me. When I checked in, I asked what was going on because it was so busy and the lady goes "it's always busy here". Wonderful. This proved to be problematic with the elevators. We dreaded getting on the elevator because there was ALWAYS a wait to get one and you were packed in em like sardines with all the people at the hotel. There are 3 elevators that service a range of floors, which are not enough. The room itself was upgraded on 32nd floor and was a pretty large size given that it was in NYC. The bathroom was redone with glass doors and there's a flat screen TV in the room. No robes, you have to request them (that seems more normal these days). The executive lounge was okay. It was large but with the madness going on, it was always packed and you have to wait in line to get a table in the morning. There was a continental breakfast available with bagels, toast, muffins, boiled eggs, fruit, and cereal. In the evening, they have warm food like dumplings, chicken wings, quiche, etc. Alcohol is not available in the lounge until 3:30 PM (so sorry to those who want a mimosa in the morning). The gym is awesome! Huge gym with new equipment and separate stretching and lifting areas. The one annoying thing was that the TVs on the machines did not work. What is the point of having TVs on the machines if they don't even work??? I believe you have to pay for the gym access but it's free for diamond members. The location was amazing as you are close to Central Park, all the great restaurants in midtown, 5th Ave, and Theater District/Times Square. And you have the famous Halal Cart across the street if you get late night munchies! Good value for your money in terms of room and location. But, I don't think I can deal with all the madness and chaos again so I probably wouldn't stay again.
Pretty bad. The staff is rude and can give two craps about your Hilton Honors status.  They still try and nickle and dime you for everything that should be free. I had to remind them 10 times that I get the gym and internet for free. The rooms are ok, but somewhat dirty carpets.
I stayed here for a work trip. Which the location is good, especially given their proximity to some of the best lamb over rice in the city. Also the hotel rooms were a decent size and the service was solid. The hotel can be a little overpriced at certain times of the year but when I stayed it was fairly reasonable for an NYC hotel. It's not eh best Hilton in the world, but it's definitely not the worst. I'd recommend it. Avoid the breakfast buffet though, it's a bit pricey and doesn't really offer much that surrounding areas do.
Perfect location.  Split a double room with a friend here the week before Christmas. We were able to walk to everything in midtown: Rockefeller Center, Times Square, the park, 5th Avenue shopping.  Ridiculously close to Radio City and has a renown Halal food cart across the street.  Rooms clean.  Easy check in. There was an emergency where we had no hot water overnight but we were given a warning by phone, and well, emergencies happen.  Someone even charged something unfairly to our room and they removed it with no hassle.  I would absolutely stay here again!
As good as ever; and it has been for a long time.  There are always all kinds of rate specials going on, so make sure you press for the price you feel comfortable with.  Of course, a killer location in mid-town.
Wow! What terrible customer service! Ok where to start, we booked the Hilton based on a marketing dept at a Dallas airport. We were offered two night for $300 if we listened to a time share pitch. We bought It and flee from dallas to NYC a week later. When we arrived at the Hilton they told us they cancelled the reservation and couldn't explain why. The front desk told us they couldn't help us and we needed to call the marketing dept of Hilton, which is the one who booked and cancelled our reservation. The 1(800)# told us they would research it and call us right back. Three hours later they called back to tell us it was cancelled and there was nothing they could do. After speaking with a manager they finally agreed to give us a room at the same price with the time share pitch. They told us they would work the pitch around our schedule and  that we didn't need to do anything else. When we checked into the hotel finally they told us that we could only do the pitch at 9 am. When we explained that we were til they would work around our schedule, they told us we were misinformed. The next morning before the pitch I called to find out where in the hotel my bf needed to go. They told me it was 4 blocks away and that we both had to be present to get the hotel deal. I explained that I was just tagging along with my bf and I had nothing to do with his financial decisions and big purchases. I was told it didn't matter and everyone in the room had to be present. When I asked why we had to go to another hotel, and that this was never explained to us, the operator said "uggh" and hung up. I immediately called back and the operator apologized and told me she can't help what another department told us. In the end no time share was purchased, terrible customer service convinced us that we don't need to waste our time here again.   The sole benefit to staying at this hotel is the location, just two blocks from Central Park. The rooms are stuck in the 90's, but it was still a warm roof over our heads.
For the price, this hotel is nothing special. The rooms are tight (as always in NY) and the service was so so.
Close to everything. We always stay here. Only issue is, if the hotel is booked, you'll probably wait in line for the elevators.
Stayed there in June of 2011 for a weekend. We had requested 2 double beds as we had kids, but due to overbooking, and the fact that we checked in late, they were not able to accommodate us with that. However, the hotel manager and the staff bent over backwards to make up for it - without us asking. I appreciated the personal attention and sincere willingness to make us happy.
Great hotel, good location.  Would have given 5 stars, but it cost $15 to use the gym!  Granted, I got my room through Priceline, but still... In room entertainment is the best I've seen.
Pros Room was clean, location, huge rooms Cons No pool, no microwave, no coffee maker, no refrigerator, Spent $420 a night!!! $250 incidental deposit for the 5 nights Housekeeping forgot shampoo, conditioner, soap 2 nights so far. We still have 2 nights to go. Tonight they took the glasses from our room. Had to call again for housekeeping to bring some up. We are still waiting!!! Shower head is disgusting! Toilet overflowed , had to call maintenance. I am a Hilton Honors member and stay at Hiltons allot, for the price of the room I am in shock that the way this Hilton is. Checking out Saturday, will not be back to this Hilton. I do not recommend this particular Hilton. UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!! Finally went down to the front desk and talked to manager on duty Natalie (who was wonderful) and she assured me the rest of my stay would be better and offered to make things right. I will give a plus for the management. We shall see if the rest of my stay improves. UPDATE!!!!!! Room was a little cleaner, shower head still not cleaned, I will not stay at this Hilton again. I love Hiltons but just not this one.
The location is the best thing about this hotel, we were able to walk everywhere we went. The only time we took a cab was to and from Penn Station (only $7.50 one way). When we arrived, we checked in and were given the wrong room. They gave us a room with a full sized bed and we had reserved a king. I called the lobby and they immediately switched rooms for us, but "warned" that the room with the smaller bed had been recently renovated and was "much more fresh" than the others...I honestly didn't notice a difference and the king sized room was MUCH larger. The hotel room was immaculately clean, which is my main concern when staying in a hotel. The beds are very comfy, too. So after a long day of walking around, it was a nice retreat. The fitness center and wi-fi are additional charges, so we didn't use either. The Herb N Kitchen was expensive..the margherita flat bread pizza was really good. I got a lemon bar that tasted like soggy dog food and my boyfriend got the fish and chips, which was disgusting...For those 3 items, it was $40 and the pizza was the only good thing. The bar in the restaurant is pretty pricey as well, we paid $30 for two blue moons (1 each). Their customer service is really good. Everybody on staff that we encountered was very friendly. I would stay here again, but not without looking around at other hotels first. But, like i said the cleanliness and location were phenomenal.
Terrible customer service, sub-par accommodations, incorrect billing and all for the bargain price of $500/night. I checked out of the New York Hilton Midtown today, along with a colleague. It was one of the worst hotel experiences either of us have had to date. The accommodations themselves were sub-par at best, my final bill contained charges that were not mine, and my experience with your customer service staff was insulting and frustrating. On the 2nd morning of my visit, the light in my bathroom wasn't working. I called the "customer service" button and the gentleman asked me which light in the bathroom was out. I told him that none of them worked and he replied that it sounded like a fuse. I asked how long it would take to get the lights back on - his tone of voice implied that I had asked a stupid question and his reply was, "Well, I have to call an electrician. It will probably take at least ten minutes." The lights came back on quite quickly, which I appreciated, but a few hours later I encountered the same problem. I called back, got the same gentleman and when I told him the problem he said, "well, we already sent an electrician up there and the fuse is fine." It seemed like he didn't believe me or my complaint. After actually arguing with him for a minute or two, he said, "well, I'll send someone up as soon as I can." He offered no apologies for the inconvenience and displayed absolutely no concern with my schedule or the delays caused by the lighting issues.  It seems the issue was related to the light switch in the bathroom, not the fuse, and once I realized that, I was able to get the lights to work by hitting the switch multiple times. At almost $500/night, I was surprised by the dysfunctional lighting and extremely offended by the attitude I encountered. My bill was then wrong. I made one call to room service my entire stay, yet there were two restaurant-related charges on my bill, one for the Herbn Kitchen, which delivered my breakfast, and another for Bridges, which I never even set foot in. How this could have happened is beyond me - but it was obviously a source of concern and created even more distrust and agitation. Upon receiving my bill, I called customer service to inquire about the fraudulent charge. The same gentleman answered and he was extremely unpleasant. I told him about the discrepancy and he acted like I was trying to pull something over on him. I asked to be connected to his manager because I found him to be rude. Instead of apologizing and transferring me, he actually engaged in an argument. "I am NOT being rude." I advised him that I thought he was and that I thought he was rude the previous day. He again argued, telling me that he sent someone up to fix the lighting problem the previous day. At this point, I was becoming extremely frustrated and irritated and I did not have time to engage in further discussion on the matter (especially with a so-called customer service agent). I said, "connect me to your manager now, please". He continued to argue, so I hung up and called the concierge. I did get a slightly better response from her, but I still don't know whether my bill was adjusted. Upon discussing the accommodations with my colleague, he advised that the hotel was "terrible". He experienced similarly bad customer service and was also unsatisfied with his stay. In his words, "I guess I could stay there again for business travel if I had to, but I would NEVER bring my wife there."
NEW HORRIBLE RECENT CHANGES TO HOTEL- No coffee maker in rooms, no room service, no restaurant in hotel, no fridge in rooms. So if your flight is delayed and you arrive hungry, exhausted and after 1 am when the hotel's glorified kiosk closes, you have to venture out in midtown when everything is closed on a weekday night. This sucks. You can't stock up on food for late night eating cause there are no refrigerators in the rooms!! Free water in rooms though.
Have stayed here 6 times in the last 2-3 years.  Always liked the location. This time the room was freezing.  Maintenance never came to fix it so we were freezing cold all night (thermostat said the room was 66).   We were also given an occupied room when we originally checked in.  Had to go back to the front desk and was issued another room and given a code for free wifi for our inconvenience.  Seriously?  It's 2014.  I have data plans on my cell phone and iPad.  Offering my free wifi is useless.   Maybe it's time to choose a different brand for all my upcoming NYC trips.  We'll see if management decides to step up and do something.
The hotel was marvelous and very accommodating, the food superb, and the location fabulous.  I think this stay will forever stay in our memory!  Down to the point...this is the best hotel I have ever stayed at and highly recommend it to all!
Summary: wrong room type. Smelled like pee. Nobody working front desk. Bell desk charges (cash only) for luggage and won't help you take a heavy bag to a car. Herb n kitchen is solid. Stay away and spend $400/night somewhere else or maybe light it on fire to enjoy yourself more.
Cool location, nice lobby, courteous staff. But ridiculous price. I know we are in NY, but come on, I paid almost 500 for a regular (2 double beds) room. Also, the cleaning service needs to step it up here. Upon checking in I saw that my bathroom wastebasket hadn't been emptied and there were huge chunks of peeled nail polish on the carpet next to the easy chair. YUCK.
I don't know what is up with the mediocre reviews. I travel frequently and this hotel is by far the most exceptionally run, well-organised and attentive hotel I have EVER had the pleasure of staying in. The hotel is clean, location is spectacular (minutes from Times Square, 5th Avenue shopping and Central Park), the staff are helpful, the gym is modern and well-kept and the lifts are very efficient for such a big hotel. I've probably stayed here for over 10 weeks in the past 12 months. If you're going to stay here, stay in an executive room to really experience the amazing services this hotel has to offer. The only negative is make sure you put any valuables you have (if you are going out for the day) in a suit case or cupboard or draw, just in case it goes "missing" and yes, I am talking from experience. But the item mysteriously reappeared once we got in contact with the hotel staff and security, these people know how to run a great hotel. That's for sure.
You get what you pay for: Spacious room in stellar condition Nice on-site bars and shops Sizable bathroom Minibar Flat screen tv Adjustable windows for "fresh" air Prompt and friendly concierge, front desk, housekeepers, etc. Note: Must show a room key to get into the hotel during the wee hours (main door access only).
Average hotel in a pretty good location. Nothing especially notable outside crazy expensive rates. UN had a summit going on, but nonetheless, $500 a night for this place is ludicrous. If rates are back to normal, three stars for average, but the rate hike knocks it to two, as the value simply wasn't there.
My favorite place to stay while in NYC.  Convenient to everything in the city: Central Park, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, shopping. Staff is friendly and even with large groups of tourists and conventioneers, the room/halls were peaceful at night.  Best Halal Food Cart right on the corner of 6th Ave and 53rd St.
Worst hotel in New York City. Rude waitstaff and rude maids. That's what I get for not staying at a Marriott. I have 123 nights this year in different Marriott and less than 20 nights in Hilton hotels. This hotel is exactly why.
Attended a conference here - this was a great hotel - a typical big city Hilton.  Its updated and elegant with a few bars and restaurants to choose from.  The only drawback - high price and thin walls.  I could easily hear people tlaking on the phone and watching TV at high volumes in their rooms.
Canceled my stay. Sanjeep the front desk person at Hilton honors. Extremely rude. Went to stay at another hotel. If that's how the front desk is. I don't even wanna bother staying here. Hope you get fired
Please Hilton! This is a great location! Yet they gave you small rooms, charged for internet, and the place was completely outdated. Supposed "flagship" location. If that represents your company, sad. Failed by the Hilton
This hotel is very large, and we happened to have a room at the end of the hall, basically the farthest you could get from the elevator. We could have taken the stairs, but we were on the 23rd floor. It always took much longer than expected just to leave the hotel. The room was larger than I expected and contained two double beds. But there was wear and tear on the walls, ceiling, and door frames, and I would have expected that to be fixed between guests. When we checked in, the bathroom also had a wet dog smell and because of the lack of ventilation, we couldn't seem to get rid of it. We checked our luggage because we got in earlier than the check-in time of 3:00 PM, and they brought our luggage up to our rooms for us. They also delivered complimentary slippers when we called the front desk. We were woken up at 3:30 AM by a party going on next door; the neighboring guests were talking in voices louder than normal, but the wall between us barely muffled any of the noise. On the plus side, the front desk was very responsive to our call about the noise and a couple minutes later, we heard the phone in their room ring. We were getting a discount for attending a 2-hour time share presentation, which is why we chose this hotel. There was a mix-up with the scheduling where we were told that we were switched to a different time, and then when my mom checked, it turned out that time didn't exist on the presentation schedule. We had to change around our plans, but it ended up working out okay. Other comparable hotels offer a minifridge, such as the Hyatt Place in Midtown South. If you're looking for a hotel in Midtown, I would recommend the Hyatt over this hotel. 2.5 stars
Wonderful hotel - fantastic location.  Rooms large and clean and the premises are within proximity to Central Park, Moma, Met, Broadway and restaurants. Staff are helpful and friendly.
We traveled from California  to stay here for a promotional deal, to stay in Hilton club suite. We could have stayed anywhere else. We are here for a medical conference. When we arrived, nobody here knew what we talking about despite our printed information stating otherwise. The staff here was completely unhelpful and gave us the run around. Trust me, the Hilton club is a scam and whomever is trying to sell you a promotion is dishonest. Although the location is good, the staff was completely unhelpful and unwilling to help us solve this misunderstanding. Very deceptive and misleading. Be wary. These are dishonest people!
I just worked here a few times. All i can say is that the place is very clean n pricey, but hey, its a hotel in manhattan. They're all pricey!
The hotel was wonderful.  The rook S were spacious and clean! Staff was extremely friendly. Walking distance to time square , Central Park and subway!
I booked this hotel through Priceline and I have to admit, I wasn't thrilled when my bid was for the Hilton New York.  I checked the reviews thoroughly on all other sites and... they were true! We took a red-eye and as expected we weren't able to check in right away.  But the guy behind the counter was kind enough to take my cell phone number, and I received a text at 12 pm that the room was ready. The room decor looked okay, small but clean.  After taking a red-eye, feeling tired, hungry, and walking around the city... the first thing I wanted to do was take a nice hot shower.  Wrong... less than 10 minutes after being in the room, I ran the water in the shower and the drain did not work.  I lifted the drain cover, and the whole thing came out, it had detached from the drain itself.  I had to redress and call the front desk and request another room. A staff member brought us another set of keys, it was on a lower level but the room was much larger and had a more modern decor.  I checked the tub, yay... it drains!  The dresser handle however, was falling off.  Come on.. really?  I mean, I was able to screw it back in myself but the cleaning staff didn't notice it? The beds were comfortable and I slept well... until the cleaning staff knocked and attempted to enter the room TWICE in a one hour period, beginning at 8 am! I already said the first time, we were checking out at 12, so why couldn't they attempt to clean it then? Overall, it's a somewhat nice hotel.  Rooms are larger compared to other hotels.  I never ate there, so I can't comment on the food.  But there is a Halal food cart across the street on 53rd and 6th which is absolutely yum!  The hotel is walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, and subway.  Staff was friendly.  It costs $3.50 for them to hold your your luggage, but the guy kindly didn't charge us on the first day, but we did get charged when we had to check out and needed them hold our stuff.  There's free Wi-Fi in the lobby and a Starbucks in the hotel. Despite all the mishaps, I would stay here again only if it was super cheap and I made sure everything was working prior to settling in the room!
As others have noted, this is a well appointed hotel. But the $450 per night corporate rate was eye-poppingly high, especially given that the bathrooms were tiny (so tiny, in fact, that closing the door to the bathroom is a necessity to get access to the toilet).
Five for location.  Three for amenities.  Two for service and having their act together.  Rooms are spotty.  Some are newly updated and very nice.  Older dated rooms are badly in need of update.  Beds in those rooms are a bit saggy.  LOTS of tourists.   Like grand central station in the lobby.   But new grab and go cafe is excellent.  Good selection.  Slow but friendly staff.
As a Hilton Honors members I'd like to think that a room would have a larger bathroom. But for a staycation I was thoroughly satisfied with the size of the room. Wonderfully comfortable bed with tons of pillows like I like it. Limited room service did not sit well with me but I really loved the Herb 'N Kitchen variety. Their burger and fries are really yummy. The fries alone are a gourmet treat sprinkled with rosemary and other spices. Bag check should be for hotel guests only but they seem to let any and everybody do it. That does not seem safe to me. Other Hilton properties have free WiFi with your room. This one does not. Disappointing. Overall the location is perfection for exploring Manhattan. Great shopping steps away and the lovely Ziegfeld Theater right around the corner.
Great location and decent rooms. Our room had some peeling wall paper and chipping paint but was clean and comfy. The line and wait for the elevators was ridiculously long. Got a great recommendation and pricing for a Broadway show at their Theater Desk. Staff was all very pleasant.
Great location very close to everything you need to see.Got offered a deal for wifi,give up a days housekeeping for free in room wifi for my whole.Strange but worth having.
I would rate this a 3-star hotel, not a 4 as it is listed by most websites.  The room, while reasonably comfortable, was small and felt like it was in needed a makeover--i.e. fading wallpaper, smoke detector hanging off the wall, and permanently hazy window.  I've stayed at nicer Hiltons in a number of cities, including Salt Lake, and Washington, DC. We purchased our room through a Priceline bid, paying $206.00 for the night (taxes included).  For the money, I was satisfied, but if I'd paid the retail rate ($300+), I would have felt I did not get good value.
Hilton gets two stars because of the curtness of their employees. I went to work out in the fitness center this morning, and my key wasn't would not open the door. So I went downstairs to a customer service rep, where I was asked for ID (obviously I wasn't carrying any) and was told that I probably had the key too close to my cell phone. Not an apology for inconveniencing me, of course. I actually heard myself thankkng him....for what? The rooms are clean. I wish this hotel had a swimming pool. There is no water available in the fitness center, and it's little conveniences like that that turn a good experience into a meh one. Meh says it all for me. Unfriendly customer service. Slow elevator service. Freezing hallways. Good cleanup service, however, so it's not all bad.
Somewhat pricey, but certainly within the norm in the city. Rooms are comfortable, and most have LCD TVs. The main draw for me is the location: excellent for business and pleasure.
Modern with large rooms at a reasonable price and good location. In Manhattan the name of the game for me with hotels is value, and this place does well in that regard. My biggest complaint is the charge to check bags. This is below industry standards.
Horrible customer service! I checked into my room for a 5-night stay as part of a conference that was being held in the hotel. At noon on the 1st day, the battery died in the hotel room door, rendering the key inactive. So, all my belongings were locked in the room and I could not get in! Here is a timeline of the events that followed: 12n: Could not get access to room. Called front desk from the phone at the elevator lobby on my floor and was told that security would be up "Right Away". 12:45pm: After waiting 45 minutes in a hallway filled with piled up dirty sheets from the housekeep staff (ick!), I was finally let into my room. Spent 15 minutes and had to run back to my meeting. Security assured me that they would fix the door right away. 5pm: Back at my room and the door still won't open. Went down to the front desk to complain and get it fixed. Never got access to my room, but they assured me that it would be fixed by the time I came back from dinner. 10pm: Back at my room, and the door still won't open. Went back down to the front desk, who informed that I would need to call and wait for security to let me in and out of my room until they could get this fixed! Unacceptable!!  The "manager" working the front desk actually calle me rude for expressing my frustration at being locked out of my room for the past 10 hours. His solution was to offer me a room at another hotel for ONE NIGHT, then I would have to move my things back to the Hilton for the remainder of my stay. Really? That's reasonable?! The desk staff was utterly condescending and incompetent and the sense of customer service was extremely lacking.
Just stay away from this place at all costs. Its a tourist shit hole and the people working there are morons. First i am a preferred guest with Hilton Hotels and was staying on the 40th floor but not anymore because i will never stay at any Hilton ever again. Crazy that two employees can lose a hotel so much business. No more business events or general stays at Hiltons from now on. Apparently i don't dress nice enough to be seen as a guest in this hotel. I found others to be no more casual then myself. First complaint is about this server in the bar. I ordered a glass of cognac and my server was very nice and cordial at first but when i finished i could not find him and i needed to meet someone so i went up to the bar and paid my tab and started to walk away only for him to chase after me saying excuse me excuse me in a off putting loud voice. I turned around and replied yes can i help you i already paid at the bar because you took off for 10 minutes. I felt like i was being treated as though i couldn't afford my drink or was skipping out on the bill so i flashed him my Amex card and said i already paid with this i doubt you have one have a nice day and walked away. 2nd issue regards some idiot white security guard who came banging on my door in the morning when i had the don't disturb sign up. Security can only knock when that sign is up if its an emergency. So i open the door and the guy goes i smell weed the hallway smells like weed. I said well why doesn't my room smell like weed then? His reply was can't smoke and just walked away with a fucked up attitude. I have never been treated like that or falsely accused at any hotel let alone one that is a so called award winning establishment. I reported him to management but i doubt anything will happen. Oh and their so called executive lounge is a fucking joke. I have been to better lounges at the Days Inn Oakland Airport. They say they have beer and wine then when you try to serve yourself from the tap they go 5 bucks please. You are in one of the most expensive zip codes in the country but then go cheap and treat your guests like shit? Oh how pathetic of you Hilton. This is what people pay good money for? For being in Midtown they sure are classless and the service is horrible. I guess its that fucked up New York state of mind. Back to California for me. Would give minus 5 stars if i could. Never again will i do anything with Hilton Hotels.
Stayed here Feb 10, 11 & 12. Hotel was good, great walking distance to a great deal of intrests. However, the bar was a joke. I watched the bartenders make a great many mistakes and threw liquor away without thinking. If they were mine, they would accept retraining or I would let them go. By the way, I have been a bartender for 30+ years and own National Bartenders School, Sherman Oaks, CA.
Horrible hotel. Forgot my CFA book in the room and called them as i got in the cab. They said they will keep it for me. When i returned back in 2 days, they had no records of it. The book i had was a set of 6 books, so i had to buy the entire set again. They did not log an investigation nor did they make any efforts to find it or apologize. Extremely unfortunate for a big brand hotel. I do not plan to stay at that hotel ever again!
Tsk Tsk Tsk. Hilton, come on. This is a flagship hotel called the "Hilton New York" and talk about not leading with your best foot forward. This should be one of your pinnacle hotels and is far from it.  There are lame older rooms that have ancient bathroom fixtures, old old tube TV, and bland decor in the room. I checked in here fairly late and the computers were down. I had reserved the rooms and asked them to split the rooms to each person which they said they would do. They even took our credit card #s (wrote them down on paper, very secure). I was put in a handicapped room without telling me. So i got nice railings everywhere and a shower-head that was roughly 5'5" high, not going to work on a 6'1" guy.  The rooms were just fine the beds were nice but the AC took all night to bring the room down to like 72. Of course when I check out I find NO Show charges for my room on my credit card, not on my bill. They didn't actually transfer the rooms to the other people so I have to pay for them so they mess up and they get to have my money, good business practice Hilton. This hotel does have a really good location, that's really the only big positive thing I can say about the hotel... oh and the lobby is nice...
We stayed in the time share units as we got a discount for coming to watch a presentation. The rooms were nice but nothing to aw over. The staff was nice and friendly and we got a complimentary breakfast and had alcohol in the evening so that was a plus. Was my first time in NYC but comparing to other hotels around the country I have stayed In this was subpar with the others. Had we had to pay the full price we probably could have found more bang for our buck somewhere else
sucked. for what you pay I expect a tv that works. better windows to block out the noise. and better bath ammenities. blah!
I was only here for an event spanning all of the conference rooms above the main lobby (which stretches out quite a bit). Everyone stuck in the line waiting on the elevators/escalators during breaks, start, and end, and no clearly marked stairs that would have made our lives easier if we had known. Not exactly the best for foot traffic flow. Still, the large conference rooms were exactly what the event ordered, and the service was top-notch on keeping the coat-check and bathrooms in order. I know for 4k+ people in the rooms that the traffic flow was the worst part of the event here. Even with all the doors into the Hilton, they're all labeled with "No entrance, please go to the 6th Ave entrance."
Moved rooms on the second night after I was kept awake by an elevator that sound like a train every time it went past our floor. Everything in the room was fairly worn. Most importantly, there was zero hot water this morning - for $400 a night, that is fairly unforgivable.
The lounge is nice, chocolate cake here is good & the bathrooms are huge.  Came here before for an event and it's a great place to take a date or business contact, let me tell you.
I stayed here for 4 nights on the executive level. I personally felt bamboozled, here's why...the executive lounge is supposed to be on the 44th floor overlooking central park, when I was there it was on the 1st floor. The rooms are comparable to a 2 star hotel, everything in the room is dated and old with the exception of the flat screen tv. The paint was chipping in our restroom with cracks in the tub and sink. I was not expecting these conditions for a hotel that is rated as 4 stars. Get this, you are unable to adjust the temperature in your room...no air conditioning when I was there...told to open your window! That is just outrageous! You would expect a lot more for $400 per night. On the positive side, you will be located in the heart of midtown and the staff is friendly and helpful. My advice is to find another hotel while this one is renovating.
After calling customer service to come re-clean the toilet...the next morning the head floor housekeeper stopped me coming out of my room and followed me to the elevator and started questioning me about why i called about the bathroom being dirty...she informed me that it was NOT dirty and she had no clue why i called and that they did NOT re-clean the toilet...when j told her that it was still dirty she told me that i was checking out tomorrow and that they would clean it then...this is NOT acceptable in any way...
Didn't really find many problems with this hotel at all.  Our 2:30 PM check in was quick and courteous.   There were 3 adults staying in one room with two double beds which was fine, but we needed to get extra towels for the third person.  I'm not sure why, but our complimentary toiletries were not replenished and actually been used already.  That was quickly remedied when brought to housekeeping's attention.  The hallways were not the brightest, but we felt safe as we made our way to the elevators which were very nice and quick.   While the room decor was not trendy it didn't impact our stay..... the beds were very comfortable and the bathroom clean.  The toilet was peculiarly low though.  The lobby is very attractive and well staffed.  Particularly enjoyed the interactive wall hung devices that allowed me to check out maps, restaurants, theaters, and other info of interest to travelers. No free Wifi, but I knew that going in.  The location was great, close to our theaters, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, St Patrick's Cathedral and 5th Avenue shopping.  For the price we paid, $280, I believe we did very well.  I would definitely look at booking it again in the future.  Great little Astro restaurant nearby for a super breakfast to last you until dinner.
I am Hilton Diamond. Won't rate the place over a 3. Staff nice but they lost my reservation and the room was small. The furniture was ripped (see photo). Just a big box hotel
frank, the bartender in the lobby is rude and obnoxious.  Curses up a storm and publicly berates other employees - and he not only does it in front of the guests, but he's talking TO the guests.  Expletives galore.  No regard for who is around.  Another frequent guest says he does this all the time and the hotel will do nothing about it.  Evidently  in NYC, employees can do and say what they want with no consequences.  Shame on you Hilton.
If you want ROOM SERVICE stay away.  Apparently, they stopped offering room service about 1 year ago.  Now they have "food delivery" from the deli in the lobby which has a mere one-page highly limited menu and isn't 24 hours.  Delivery stops at 10:30 PM in the city that never sleeps. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THEY ARE THINKING.  A huge mid-town Manhattan hotel without 24-hour room service?  Insanity.
The best feature of the Hilton NY is LOCATION. I have stayed here twice and love the convenience of being within walking distance to some of the best restaurants, theaters, Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave shopping, Central Park, and across the street from the ever-popular Halal Cart. Not to mention, it's easy to get to a few different subway lines. We get a deluxe room (hubby has stayed in non-deluxe and is not-so-fond of that side of the hotel) which is clean and a good size by NYC standards. Other yelpers comment on the noise level and I agree that earplugs are helpful but hey, it's NYC. It's noisy everywhere! HiltonHonors members get free wifi which is necessary for hubby's work but we always seem to have issues with it. Apparently, individual modems provide wireless for every 2 rooms so when you have a problem, tech support can't just reset the modem from a central location. Sounds very 2005 to me!They have to go to either your room or the one next door. And they hide the modems so you can't find it yourself - but I can tell you where it is if you ask :) I also like the complimentary breakfast coupons which you can redeem at the Starbucks downstairs. Overall, this hotel is in the perfect location for those travelers who want to familiarize themselves with Manhattan.
This is a very nice hotel. The location is fabulous. Close to everything including 5th avenue shopping, time square and Central Park. The fitness area is big and nice and the lounge is a convenient place to relax and watch a sports game. Also the halal guys food cart is right outside the hotel and a great place to grab a bite. My new favourite hotel in NYC.
this is probably one of the best hiltons in new york. most of the staff are really friendly, and is in a decently convenient location. the hotel recently went over a renovation, but note that NOT ALL ROOMS ARE RENOVATED. the renovated rooms are really limited, and are mostly on the diamond-vip floors, or called the deluxe rooms. i wouldnt recommend staying at a traditional room here. unlike many other properties, the $30 difference between the traditional room and the deluxe room will give u a huuuuuuuuge difference in the quality of the room- not just getting the higher floor. most of the multiple suites are not renovated. the only ones that are renovated are the penthouse suite (a really cool 5bdrm suite w/ a private elevator), presidential suite, state suite, and empire suite, to the best of my knowledge. yeah, the price range of those rooms are really up there. the OTHER master suites and all deluxe suites, etc. are NOT renovated so u will feel the age of the furniture, and the moldy smell in the rooms. even the standard rooms are of decent size for new york. if u r a diamond-vip member, be sure to visit the executive loung on the 44th floor for breakfast and snack (but dont expect a full meal). NOTE that the luggage-holding fee with the bell captain is $3.50 a piece (no matter how small the item is, like an umbrella). the elevators are really limited in regards to the amount of people, especially when there are lots of ppl staying at the hotel. but in general, it's a really cool hotel, and one of my favorites in new york.
I stayed here for my Model United Nations conference this past week. I had to admit that the only reason this gets 3 stars is how nice some of the staff were to me and my delegation during our stay here. Biggest complaint: EXPENSIVE WIFI. We pay a lot to have a hotel that is nearby Times Square, and wifi isn't freaking free? I get this is NYC, the Big Apple, the City that Never Sleeps, but seriously, this was discouraging and such a rip-off. You have to pay $12 a day to use the internet which should be a free resource.
Not much to say about this hotel.  It's a good location.  The first non-smoking room we checked into smelled like smoke and was the size of my closet.  We immediately had them change us out and the second room was much more spacious and didn't smell bad.  I prefer staying at boutique hotels in NYC but this is a viable option if you can get a good rate.
We stayed here for the lady gaga concert. I normally wouldn't care too much because I'm a middle class girl from a smaller town in CT, it doesn't take much to please. A small list turned into more and more frustrating things. -stain on carpet -stain on chair -head board looked like a cat had at it -the lowest the heat went was 65 (which is the highest it's ever been in my house so needless to say my brother and I were sweating bullets) -the remote didn't work -the drinking glasses in the bathroom smelt like straight bleach -the free breakfast was obviously well appreciated but come on, no eggs or bacon? We were offered bagels and some dried out cinnabuns. I feel like if this room was $280+ then I was going to have a little more "luxury" I guess. I've stayed at a few other hotels, which I have made reviews for, and they were 100% better and cleaner. I figured with a popular high end chain like the Hilton, there was going to be a better experience. I'll stick with my cheep, $180 rooms where I can be surrounded by my own people and not get dirty looks when I get up for a second cup of coffee.
Stayed for quick overnight trip.  Everything went very smoothly from valet service to checkout. The room was excellent and just the right size for the two of us.  Not huge, but not terribly small.   Anyway, I wasn't there to host guests or pretend I was in a McMansion.  Very comfortable bed and good air quality.  Bathroom was cleanl and very nicely appointed for the price.  Room and bath looked like they had been recently renovated.  Lobby, elevator, shops, location, etc. -  all good too.  For the price, I was very satisfied.  Will stay here again.
Excellent location.  Walking distance to Central Park and Times Square. Friendly staff, very nice rooms. Would definitely stay there again.
Good hotel in a great location. Easy to visit other places around NY and easy access to great food and entertainment. You get great customer service as expected from any higher end hotel such as Hilton and good facilities such as a business center and 24-hour room service. Overall, it was a good stay. Oh, hated that they would charge 18 bucks per day for WIFI. That part sucked.
I've definitely stayed in better places in NYC. Just for context, I come to NYC often enough that Times Square and the general tourism wears thin on me. This hotel is centrally located and very close in proximity to Times Square, and you can tell. All day, every day, this place is packed! I understand that's really just the area, but I prefer my hotel experience to be more low key. The lack of a coffee machine in the room was problematic for me as well, as so was the expensive wifi. The room was relatively clean, but the bathtub was scratched up, and just didn't look well maintained. The hotel bar is pretty nice. The prices are, of course, very high, but we did have good service there!
Stayed here a few times on business trips and have been very satisfied, and since the hubby and I like to do a long weekend each year in NYC (dinner, shows, etc.), I thought I would stay at the Hilton for my leisure travel.  The hotel is very conveniently located in mid-town Manhattan, and literally within walking distance of just about any type of restaurant or entertainment venue (Radio City, theatres, Rockefeller Plaza, 5th Avenue shopping) in that area of town.  The guest room was OK, nothing exceptional, but certainly clean and containing all of the amedities you would expect.  Nice bar scene in the hotel lobby.  We made the mistake of having their buffet breakfast in their restaurant.  We got down there late (it was still breakfast) and the pickins' were slim.  What was there clearly had been sitting out all morning.  Best part - the tab for the two of us was $75 - and that was BREAKFAST.  Never again.  We found a much less expensive and appetizing little spot right across the street for our next breakfast.  All in all, I think they provide a fair value for the hotel experience, just be wary of the food and beverage costs and the Hilton is a good choice!
Rooms are cold. Service room said that they only have air conditioning and if I am cold to simply turn off the ac. And hope that it would get wormer in the room, reading between the lines. What am I paying for?!
On a recent company trip to NYC I stayed at the NY Hilton. First of, it is very centrally located near Rockefeller Center, a short walk to Times Square, and near the subway. For $325 a night the room was small but clean, a comfy king sized bed, and we had a nice view. The service was first rate, however, there was no free Wi Fi which at $18.99 a day for Internet is a complete rip off. For the price of the room this should have been included. Despite the sour economy Manhattan remains a very overpriced destination especially when it comes to hotels. The NY Hilton is no exception.
My husband and I chose to stay here for our anniversary because Hiltons are known for consistent quality. However, I was appalled by the check in service. We waited in an incredibly long line for half an hour, almost missing our dinner reservations. There were only four staff to check people in, and one of them left and didn't come back, leaving three ladies to check in about 100 guests. Instead of being concerned with efficiency, they were getting people water, disappearing and coming back, and letting guests with small questions on the side come in and be served. The room itself was clean, but smelled strongly of cleaning products. There was a red stain on the carpet, and the outlet in the bathroom didn't work. The walls were paper-thin, so we could hear the neighbors coughing next door. Fortunately, they quieted down by 11pm so we could get a good night's sleep in the very comfortable bed. I have to compliment them on their fitness center on the 5th floor. It was very extensive with tons of treadmills, ellipticals, and other equipment, all of which had TVs and/or a good view, so there was no waiting for a machine. The location was excellent - right near Central Park, 5th Ave, Broadway, and Times Square, but away from the hustle and bustle. Not sure if I would stay here again. For the price, I would expect them to be a bit more organized.
Clean, decent size room, perfect location--a few blocks from the subway and theaters, less than a block to MOMA. No complaints except, live everything in NYC, it was expensive.
I stayed here and in the Hilton Garden Inn Central Park South during my stay in Manhattan. The hotels may be located two blocks away from one another but in terms of experience they are worlds apart. The room here was a decent size but that's all it had going for it really. No microwave, no coffee making facilities, no free WiFi, no light switch beside the bed to turn off all the lights with. It was disappointing considering my expectation from a Hilton. The lobby was crowded every time I walked through, there was always a queue for check in, they charged an extra $14 deposit for a second key card for the room and if you want to leave your luggage with them on the day you check out then once you get to the front of the queue of people waiting to check their bags you will discover they charge you $3.50/item that you check. The bar was expensive and lacking in atmosphere. All told it was a poor experience compared to the excellent room and service I had at the other Hilton. Next time I'm in town I know which one I will be going back to, and it's not this one...
I'm unimpressed.  We stayed here with a wedding party and it just felt like a tourist processing machine.  I travel a lot for work and always stay at Hilton properties, but the most obscure Hampton in Iowa felt more welcoming than this.  I second the fact about the elevators.  We were in a bank where one of the three was down.  One of the workers told us that it was some sort of labor/lease issue over getting it fixed and it had been down some time and they didn't anticipate getting it up any time soon.  Room was small but clean and I wasn't bothered by street noise (25th floor).  It wasn't a bad stay but coming here on a vacation I'd just as soon find somewhere else to stay.  Oh, and the one time I tried to call the concierge I was led into a voice mail system that ultimately led me to a number that rang and rang and was never answered.  Not what I'm looking for from the concierge of a name hotel in Manhattan.
The ONLY reason this gets a 3 is the staff @ the front desk and the help from lobby staff @ the Honors desk, but no room service for most of the day, no free internet (yeah I get it, this is NY, everything costs $ but seriously, wifi should not be a cost item in a $300 per night room) put them down right from the start. Don't forget the break your arm 18% taxes, the $45 breakfast, (per person-no lobster included) and the get your hands out of my pockets $1.50 J.Javits fee for "of course we are the only reason people come to NY".  Ouch the city makes a lotta dough just for visiting town.   Location good, room clean, front desk very pleasant and friendly without rushing me even as more people arrived in line.  Many rooms not yet available but we did check in around 11:30 so that is a slide.
Beds very comfy.  Housekeeping staff pleasant and helpful.  Lobby is ridiculous.  There is almost no place to sit to wait for other members of your party or to just chill out while your room is being cleaned.  That there is no place in the hotel with free Wi-fi (not even in the lobby) is unexpected.  Oh,  the cost per day for the fitness center must keep their equipment in good working order since so many people would skip using it.  This hotel compares pooorly to others in the general vicinity.
Stayed during Easter weekend, had a wonderful surprise of no hot water after a day in the city and only to find out in the shower at 11pm.  After speaking to a manager, I concluded that this is a great hotel to stay at if first you want to be lied to and secondly called a liar!  Kudos to managers Michael and Jason!
great location with the worst valet parking service
Bottom line - aside from the location & lobby area, disappointment from a Hilton. Hallway carpets were dirty, walls were thin (crying kids & maids easily heard thru the walls), & room temperature was impossible to make comfortable. To top it off they charge for beer/wine in the Executive Lounge...particularly galling as I just came from Munich where it was free spirits too! On the plus side, the location is superb for all midtown activities - Central Park & Times Square are a 5-7 minute stroll. The lobby is quite nice as well, multiple eating & drinking places with decent hotel prices. I will be finding another hotel to stay at in NYC.
This is probably the worst Hilton Hotel I have ever been to.   My room flooded and then I was moved next door.  The problem is that the mold and mildew smell and dampness comes into my room as the carpet and padding that were destroyed are still in the next room and smell horrifically.   Apparently they're waiting for the contractor to move the now moldy and mildewy carpet which has permeated into the hallway an adjacent rooms.  I even had to point it out to their attention that the carpet in hallway was soaked and should be vacuumed with a wet dry vacuum.   They left the wet pile of towels in the hallway as well and I had to call them to have it removed.   These were the towels used to soak up the water from the flooded room.  There are stains on the carpets in the hallways.  Room service dishes are all through the hallways.  I guess they don't think about taking care of that.   Where is the pride in the hotel.   What the f##k is wrong with the Hilton.   No exhaust fans in the majority of the bathrooms even in the remodeled rooms on the remodeled floors.   The dresser in my room wouldn't stay closed.  I had to inform them about the smell and dampness of the room.  The air conditioning wasn't working because the air filter was dirty as hell.   It probably hasn't been changed for years.  The only good thing is the location and the nice maintenance and housekeeping staff.  They finally moved me to a better room on a floor with rooms that were remodeled after contacting the GM.
AWESOME location but a run down, expensive hotel. I stayed here for a convention and was here for 6 nights. We paid $360/night during the week and $295/night on the weekend. The $360 was the convention rate, which was cheaper than the advertised rate. We arrived and quickly checked in. The room was ready and upon arriving at the room we were disappointed in the state of the hotel. The halls had old worn walls and beat up baseboards. The room was just ok but the bathroom was very small and awkward. The toilet was a slight angle and after speaking to one of my colleagues about how disappointed he was in the hotel, we both realized that askew toilets is the norm. The location is PERFECT. They can charge a ton here because it is right in the middle of everything. i don't like walking long distances, but we could walk to most things from here. We walked to Rockefeller plaza, Central Park, Times Square, and more... I am lucky that this was where my convention was, since location was prime. The hotel provided us with free wifi as part of the convention and it was quick and reliable. The convention center facilities were nice and kept at a much better level of refurbishment. The hotel had a popular bar in the lobby. It had a convenient deli/shop that we got drinks at to take back upstairs. The room was provided with 2 bath towels. I have long hair and each day I went and found housekeeping in the hall and got another towel. We would hang the towels to help conserve water and every day they would take one towel away. What's with that? We asked for the towel each day and got one. Each day they would remove the extra.   Overall, I would stay at this hotel for $150 a night, but never $360 a night again.  The people working there were friendly, the guys out front worked hard on getting us a cab, BUT it's not a good value.
The staff was excellent- we were here for a convetion- we arrive in at 9:00 a.m.- check-in time was at 3:00 p.m. We asked if we could drop off our bags while we did a little sight-seeing- they said no problem and  though our room was not ready yet it would be in an hour- WOW!   We did have a little trouble with our room keys but the staff met us on our floor with new ones & wouldn't take a tip- WOW WOW....the room was a nice size for NYC & not a bad size for anywhere else in the U.S.  The bathroom was a bit small but compared to some places I have stayed in San Francisco it was spacious...lol   We were here for 4 days- the location was wonderful- a short walk to Times Square, the Theater District, Rockerfeller Center, 5th Ave. and beautiful Central Park.  We utilized the bar- nice bar staff & an ok price for drinks in a big city, and the banquet & convention facilities- the food was good, not memorable but good & the service in the banquet room was very good.  The convetion facilities for meetings, our trade show & guest speaker events was well orginized- My only complaint was we had issues with the wi-fi connection which never worked properly in our rooom & the tech staff was not much help- the front desk did remove all charges from our bill due to the issues we had...I'd stay here again.
I've been to the New York Hilton middletown twice for work events. And each time, these events seemed too confined and congested at the Hilton. These events were previously at the Javits Center, which was a better fit. But the Hilton does have a more convenient location since it's in midtown. And the catered food at the Hilton has more vegetarian options than what was served at the Javits.
It gets 3 stars for the location and for the clean room, but other than that....meh. We stayed here two weekends ago, and it was an OK experience. Arrived around 4:30 or so on Friday evening, and had no issues checking in or dealing with a large line. The room was bigger than I expected, clean, and high up enough that traffic noise was not an issue (I'm a light sleeper so this is a HUGE deal for me). Bathroom needs some updating - the lights flickered everytime we turned them on, and the ceiling was peeling. Both of the "bars" in the lobby were horrific - overpriced, lack of selection, and pathetic customer service. Walk just a block or 2 outside to "Faces and Names" and you will find a much better experience. Supposedly the Wi-Fi was free, but we could never get it to work. Retrieving the car Sunday morning from valet after checking out was a nightmare - we must have waited 45 minutes for them to pull the car around. All in all, I'd stay here again if someone else was paying the bill, but at least it gave us a clean, quiet place to sleep at night, and the location definitely has it's perks.
Very nice hotel in a great location Walk to times square in a block or two Radio city music hall I could see from my room. Will definitely stay here again!
nickle and dimed.  good location though.
The reviews had me worried about staying at this hotel but I was pleasantly surprised. The room was on the small side but definitely not tiny. The bathroom, on the other hand, was small--they sacrificed bathroom space to make the room larger. The best part about this hotel? The location. Just south of Central Park, near Times Square, close to the train, etc. Several halal carts are parked outside which makes for a quick $6 lunch. After check-out, if you have to leave luggage at the hotel while you explore the city, it is a $3.50 charge per piece. Minus one big fat star for no microwave and fridge.
This review is on the catering in the ballroom Zagat gave this place  a 17 for food. That was generous.  We were at an event here this eve that was an embarrassment to the catering management.  First off the food was horrible. Second the wait staff was indescribable.  Example,  someone ask for a napkin at our table and was given someone else's used napkin 3 seats away. Ewww.......second our waitress had zero class, didn't even know was being served but she was asking for our order and argued with a guest about something she knew nothing about but should have???? third they came and took the plates they dumped the uneaten food onto the tray and then stacked the plates at the table. Who does that?. Very rude and un appetizing. These are only three examples of the less than classy experience.  If you are planning an event here, especially a wedding, best advice I can give is cancel!
As a Hilton Diamond member now for over 15 years I've experienced the gamut of Hilton Brands around the world. This property fails in almost every metric of customer satisfaction with the exception of location. Our room on the 36th floor was decidedly shabby and the bathroom was creepy ( I hate shower curtains). Although a non smoking hotel, the stench of cigarette smoke was evident in the hallways. This hotel has to be operating at near capacity based on my observation over a four day stay so management probably doesn't have to worry about unfavorable reviews but I will definitely look for an alternative for my next stay.
I'm scheduled to stay at the hotel during the 3rd week in July.  Working with the reservation folk to get my reservation set up and paid for has been a nightmare.  Their reservationists have hung up on me, have said that I'd be getting a document via email which never came and seem to use a computer system that means that they have to ask your name and other identifying data over and over again.  The staff seems to be very poorly trained or the system that they use is screwed up.  I hope this is not an indication of the quality of the hotel and will provide another review after my stay.  So far, I am not looking forward to staying at the hotel.
Nice hotel. Comfortable and clean. Close to Times Square and subway stations. Will stay there again. Or yeah .. Forgot to mention if you have already checked out and want them to keep your bag for a few hours, you will be charged around 3 bucks per bag. But it is free if you are about to check in at the hotel.
Maybe it's just too fancy for my taste, because although I love upscale as much as the next girl, I'd really rather stay at a Days Inn where we get free internet and there's a freakin' coffee maker in the room! Seriously, NOTHING is complementary here. Other than that, it was a pretty good experience. The room was decent;  renovated and clean and it's in a great location.
Had some relatives stay on the executive level, as they are Hilton Honors members. The check in process is efficient, and the happy hour and little room they have for honors people is very nice. The rooms are clean and laid out nicely. It is busy, well, because of where it is.
I stay here at least once a year. This is one of the few big conference hotels in midtown, so I stay here for convenience, not by choice. For the most part the staff is friendly. I've never had any issues. My qualms are with the condition of the rooms. In 5 stays I've had HVAC issues, plumbing problems, moldy air, and water-damaged walls. It's the only Hilton hotel that I've been to where I've seen rooms in such poor condition. If you have a choice, check out the reviews of some of the other hotels in the area. There are better room options that cost less.
This is apparently the largest hotel in Manhattan which comes with advantages and disadvantages - but mostly advantages. The rooms were much better, more modern than I expected (but my expectations were not high). The rooms were decent-sized - enough space for a desk, a couple of chairs and a lot of space around the bed. The bathroom countertops and sink area have been more recently updated than the shower/tub but the bathrooms were pretty good. Great views of midtown Manhattan. Apparently the hotel has moved away from traditional room service but they will deliver breakfast from the little deli in the lobby (and the prices are reasonable). I like the fact that there's a decent-ish deli type of place in the lobby - I needed a protein fix at a random time in the afternoon and it was super convenient. The location is particularly great if you like the halal cart which is located right outside. Sadly, they won't let you eat outside food in the bar area. There isn't anything unique about the hotel but it is an efficiently-run, serviceable place to rest your head at night.
Spent four days at a conference here.  Facilities were nice. I liked the staff.  Rooms were a good temperature. I think the lobby is cool. Note: breakfast buffet is $38.  It's cheaper to go to the diner on the corner of 55th and 6th. This is a cool hotel.  And it's 50 years old this year! Looking good for 50 (although I think it's had some work done)
As all the Hiltons that I have stayed at. This place is well worn out! The toilet and the sink were both cracked as well as the ceiling above the tub. The wall paper was peeling and there was no mini bar! That being said, the location couldn't be beat. We were just about in the middle of the island and everything important was just steps away or a short subway ride. The lobby was nice and the check-in was quick, even with the crowd. Checkout was easy, as I did it over the phone. The concierge was helpful the many times we asked for assistance. House keeping was on the ball. They came in the room the first two days and after that, they kept a watch to see when we would leave and race in to clean up. We made sure that we got breakfast so we would have at least one meal taken care of. That was served in the bar. The first morning there was a line and everyone was in a bad mood. Hey, you are in NY people and your name isn't the Donald. When we were seated, they pretty much forgot about us. I waited for juice to no avail? The second morning, not only did they not give me juice, they never picked up the dirty dishes! So I helped myself. It did get better as the days went on, but really. I saw the waiters going by with juice and dirty dishes. Was our breakfast package the self serve version? They had a wide array of food items, including the Chinese version on the right side. Everything was fresh and kept filled.   I would stay here again, because as I noticed. Everything in NY is run down and old. The price, location and it was clean! That is all I can ask for.
Waited over 45 minutes to check in.  Incompetent staff.  Horrible experience for a hotel that charges this much.  Do not stay here.
I expected better from a Hilton. Let's overlook the fact that their bartender doesn't even know how to make their signature cocktails. Let's overlook the pain of checking in (I don't believe that they had absolutely no rooms available prior to the 3pm check-in time. Did they all magically become ready at 3pm?? oh, gee, now look at this line going all the way down the lobby). Let's even try to overlook their overeager housekeeping staff who start cleaning wayyyy too early (but admittedly our fault for not remembering the "Do Not Disturb" sign the night before). But what bothers me is when the housekeeping staff opens the door to our room even when we DO have the DND sign up and when we yell at them to come back later (we've been dancing until 4am, give us some peace!!!). Her: What time are you checking out? We need the room clean before check-in for other guests. (yelled from the doorway-- at least she wasn't so improper as to enter fully!) Us: We're NOT checking out today. Her: Oh, you're not? nevermind then. ::closes door:: Us: What the...?? The floor manager? Head of housekeeping? did apologize to us later, saying that they had to go off of memory as to who checks out when. That appeased me some, and I wasn't going to complain about it to management. But then, the last day of our vacation, we were woken up by the sound of construction. From right below. Literally. Forget late check out. Forget trying to sleep in. Forget comfort (what's comforting about all the banging and sawing??). And then cue the security alarms (all before 9am). What really bothers me is that when I asked front desk for a late checkout the night prior, nothing was said about scheduled construction. By this time, the Salsa/Bachata congress was over, and I know they had empty rooms from everyone leaving for home after the holiday weekend. I don't understand why there wasn't an offer to move us to a different floor or farther from the construction. Why wasn't there any notice that our stay could potentially be marred by such din?? What irks me more is that  Hilton isn't doing much about it. I did speak with a manager while checking out, just to let him know that this was not the type of customer service I expected from this type of hotel. He did the customary "You're very right, yes, yes, yes" thing that all service industry people are trained in (which I find even more frustrating), and then offered to comp our baggage check-in ($10). A representative from Hilton contacted me on Facebook asking me to write to her (I had left a comment regarding the construction) but hasn't followed up with me since (this was two weeks ago). TL; DR: Hilton had construction they didn't warn us about (right under our room), promised to "make things right" with me, and never contacted me again.
I stayed here for three nights recently. The hotel was wonderful and very clean. I was very pleased with my stay. The only con is no free wifi... $18 a day. However, gold and platinum hilton honors members do get free wifi. We didn't fly out until the evening so they did hold our bags for us in a secure location while we shopped, and it was only $3.50 per suitcase. The location is great, multiple train stops nearby and out of the tourist area which was a MAJOR plus. I would stay here again for sure!
I love NY. It's an amazing city. So really, I don't need the Waldorf to enjoy the city that never sleeps. That being said, I travel a ton for work and NY is one of many stops on my journeys. So if the company pays, I like to stay in a place where I can sleep on a comfortable bed, take a hot shower or  bath and not feel like I am going to get jumped in a dark hallway by a psycho serial killer who lurks looking for unsuspecting Asian girls. This Hilton meets/dissipates only 1 of the aforementioned criteria out of my horror movie scenarios...and thats the bed. At least the Hilton chain is consistently awesome with their beds. But my room on the "executive floor" is old, darkly lit, and has a scary shower head that sprays water EVERYWHERE. I felt like the swamp thing as I excited my shower this morning and had to use all of my bath towels to mop the floor. Disaster. The bathroom is tiny and has a toilet that is ( I never thought I would ever say this) TOO LOW for me to reach comfortably to flush. Seriously? I practically have to crawl under the sink to get to the handle! CONS: As a guest, the quality of the room is subpar. Especially given that I stay at Hiltons almost exclusively and am a Diamond member. If the hotel did a renovation and made the rooms a little more modern I think it would do a lot for the hotel aesthetic. The executive lounge is small. Which feels smaller when there is a big meeting at this hotel and you have a hundred executive members. No coffeemaker??? So inconvenient. I mean I want hot water to have some tea in the evenings. I am convinced that the hotels in NY have a contract with the coffeeshop union or something because it forces you to go to a coffeeshop (ie the 2 Starbucks across the street from the hotel) to grab some caffeine. Not that hotel coffee is great but if you're running behind it works in a pinch. PROS: The location is fantastic. You can walk to the MoMa and get around quickly walking or hitting the subway. The staff is friendly and helpful. The Halal Guys cart is 20 feet from the hotel. Great for 2am cravings. I think the hotel is fine if you need a place to stay and are set on location. As a quality relaxing space it doesn't meet my standards, but I see so many hotels that I have a larger sampling size to critique from.
New York Hilton is overpriced, and not amazing for the price. It's really not outstanding. In fact, i was extremely disappointed for the cost of the hotel (it really is expensive). Admittedly the hotel is in a phenomenal location. Located in midtown Manhattan, the Hilton is walking distance to a number of Manhattan attractions, including Central Park, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, and Radio City Music Hall. It's also close to Times Square. So, while the hotel wasn't amazing, its location is pretty excellent. So it's a balance.
We spent two nights here and the first night we got stuck in a room with a view -- and the constant hiss -- of the HVAC system.  The room was small and dark and while I tried to put a nice spin on it all, considering how expensive the room was, I was not pleased.  No wonder its the city than never sleeps.  The a/c is hissing all night long. I complained and complained and complained and was told one thing and another -- that i couldn't get two beds, or another room wasn't available  except on the same low floor with the same awful view and noise, when miraculously at last a king opened on a higher floor.  The room was 24 stories higher, brighter, larger and much nicer. The view wasn't great but we could see sunlight.   I figured the first room was the type the management foist on out of towners in NY for a convention and those who know no better. It was undoubtedly the sort of room you'd accept at 2 am when every other hotel is fully booked and every other room is taken I've done that.  But shame on you Hilton.  At least discount those rooms then! Almost $300 for a $99 value room.   Terrible.  Had we not been moved, I'd have given this hotel 1 star. it's unfortunate since it's a great location and a good-looking hotel. The decor is what I've come to expect from Hilton. Lot's of gold and black. The lobby is large and open and remindful of a Las Vegas hotel. The lobby is currently undergoing renovation which will include a market and a new restaurant in the future.  We had a late dinner at the bar -- sushi and  chips and salsa  -- and I'm not sure if we got some sort of discount since it was late and last call, but it was surprisingly reasonable, especially for a hotel bar. We arrived pretty late at night and I appreciated the guard at the door checking for keys.  Because the hotel is nonsmoking, right outside the doors, smokers congregate so that one has to run the gauntlet of second hand smoke to enter the hotel and even the lobby starts to reek of cigarette smoke   Something of a turn off and a designated, enclosed smoking area would be greatly appreciated by us non-smokers and probably by the smokers as well.  Management please take note. We had access to the executive lounge, which is now off the lobby. The lounge was far too crowded and a real disappointment to us. Nothing luxe about it though it was well stocked with a variety of food. Finding a spot to sit was not easy after waiting in line to enter.  Thanks to the host the people who just walked in were sent back into line.  If you plan on coming to NYC and cutting ahead of the line you'd had better bring your A game and not use a stupid ruse like needing your room key from your husband.  Get back in line! Even though the staff kept clearing tables and wiping them down the lounge seemed dirty. The layout of the buffet was poor and inefficient, leading to crowding, jockeying and multiple trips back for missed items. In the afternoon there was a nice variety of hors d'oeuvres But watching a guest pick through the food with his fingers was a definite turn off.   The hotel has a great location in midtown close to everything.  We appreciated that.  We walked around at night, to Times Square, then I went for an early morning saunter to Rockefeller Center, past MOMA and up to Central Park. The LOVE sculpture is a block away. There are other hotels nearby -- we could see the Sheraton, the Meridien and the London all nearby.  While not a fan of the London, I'd take a suite there for the same price over the Hilton, or even a standard room at the Meridien any day. I've yet to stay at the Sheraton but I'd give it a try before staying at this Hilton again.
My review is based strictly on the call made before the day i was supposed to checkin. I called t confirm my booking and to request that the two rooms by adjacent. response: please ask the third party booking company to email us or send us a fax. Me: but the person who booked the hotel is calling. is that not enough. Response (i can imagine eye rollin :)): please ask the third party booking company to email us or send us a fax. Me: ok, but... response: hangs up. so i promptly cancelled my reservation by logging to the third party web site. Never again , Hilton.
We've been coming to this hotel for about 17 years. It's centrally located and in walking distance to Times Square, Central Park and 5th ave shopping. We will not stay anywhere else. We love the staff. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. The rooms are always nice and clean.  The bellmen are the absolute best! We love it.
