Add some Bolivian sun, some heat, and whole lot of smile and you get this place. This place is without words a place where you can have mouth watering food with a side of great customer service. I was here in smorgburgs, where they tret me like a king. Suggesting food based on my tastebuds. They have saltenas, which fire your taste buds with sweet and spicy kick and  to finish it off work a coming rose lemonade. Definitely a place to go at least once.
Unfortunately for me there was no non-beef/pork option for their sandwiches. Fortunately for me, that meant I had to go with a chicken salteña. At $6 a pop, you may think that's a bit much for something resembling an empanada, but folks let me tell you there is way more to this than any old empanada. First off all, the salteña is much heftier than it looks and that's because it's filled with a delicious flavorful stew, the juices of which will certainly be dribbling down your chin as you eat this thing. FYI, they do put a bit of hard boiled egg in the stew as well! In addition, the outside "shell" is quite different from that of an empanada - it's baked and way thicker with a doughier consistency. I actually kinda wished it wasn't so thick or that there was more stew inside so that I could get a better filling to dough ratio, but at least it allowed the salteña to hold up really well. I was also surprised to note the sweetness in the dough, but it went well with the spicy sauce and crumbled cheese they give you in tiny cups. Make sure to drizzle a bit of each on top of the salteña before each bite! To wash it all down, I got a homemade rose petal soda, which had a good pronounced rose flavor but was lacking depth - it basically tasted as if it was only rose syrup mixed with seltzer. $4 for a small and $6 for a large. Overall, this place is definitely worth a try!
My cousins and I decided to come to Smorgasburg to try out some foods. I've been to Bolivian Llama Party two years in a roll and they have never disappointed! We tried the chicken and beef saltena and each were full of flavors. I highly recommend tasting their Mango Maracuya and Maracuya-lemonade soda! Would love to come back again for the third time next year! Ramen Burger vs Bolivian - Bolivian all the way! You have my full support!
I have had many sandwiches in my day, some delicious and some awful. None have ever tasted as amazing as the sandwich I had today...the brisket chola sandwich. Upon biting this art form, I felt an explosion of flavor.. this sandwich took me somewhere else. I don't think I will ever look at  sandwiches the same. Subways just doesn't cut it.
It was my first time trying Bolivian Llama Party in Brooklyn. Pulled pork chola sandwich was amazing!!!! These guys definitely know what their doing. Also try the Maracuya-lemonade soda.. Delicious and refreshing!
The staff is super friendly and their salteñas are so good! Chicken and beef were both excellent! We plan on coming again and would definitely recommend it to others coming to Smorgasburg!
Was told by a smorgasburg staff member that this was the best booth food wise and it didn't disappoint. The triple pork sandwich is amazing! So many flavors coming together beautifully and the medium was just the right amount of spice. The staff looks like they have fun on the job doing what they're supposed to be doing, which I think always makes for better quality food and service. Also the name is awesome, even though I don't know what it means if anything other than just to be funny and memorable.
You make your way through a hot and crowded Smorgasburg. People are great, until you put too many of them in a small area with too much to look at smell and they begin meandering aimlessly about the stalls like stomach-guided orangutans with too many fruit and ruffage options. So many choices, how do you choose? But a colorful sign catches your attention. "Bolivian Llama Party."  Sounds awesome, you just hope it doesn't end up like that Mexican Donkey Show, but more like that Italian Bunga Bunga Party for your mouth. One word - Salteñas. You have discovered your new favorite street eat. You pick up the thick, amber, dumpling-shaped bun. It's hefty. Smooth and crusty on the inside and flaky yet doughy on the inside. There's some weight to this thing. You bite into the dough. It's a semi-sweet concoction made from aji amarillo peppers and flour. There's almost a hint of cinnamon. A thick, perfectly spiced, molten stew pours into your mouth deeper into the bun. If you want it hotter you have a little cup of hot sauce. If you want some cheese you've got that option too. It's hot. You're thirsty. They have a fantastic array of homemade sodas to quench your thirst. Passion fruit, mango, and other delicious, refreshing tastes flavor the sodas. You can't go wrong. Two salteñas would be plenty for a meal, they're so dense. And affordable at $6 a pop. One of the best buys at Smorgasburg. These guys cook up some amazing delicousness in a thick, doughy bun. Don't skip this booth!
Sooo good - that's according to my taste buds, but my wife, who's Bolivian (so she knows what's the what when it comes to Salteñas), was pleasantly surprised that the dough is 100% the real deal authentic as La Paz. Bolivian Llama Party serves up the only Salteñas worth eating in NYC (if you know of any others, message me! But until then, this is it for us).
First time at Smorgasburg and got a tip from a friend to try. Bottom line...it was a GREAT TIP. Line was not long. We got the quinoa saltena with a mango Bolivian soda and the rhubarb Bolivian soda. The saltena was actually incredible. Super hot, addicting texture with crumbled cheese & spicy sauce on top. The rhubarb soda is also a pro-tip. Not too sweet, thirst quenching & went with everything else we were gorging on that day.
The salteñas, pockets of stewed beef with an egg and other things, are really good. Also have good homemade sodas with passion fruit and other interesting flavors.
First off THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!!! Amazing food, with and even more spectacular the staff is awesome! I tried the Mango Soda and it was #Yummmers This lil spot of heaven truly made my day! I had the Triple Pork Saltena...and it was NOT shy of flavor! Everything is just brilliantly paired together on the cutest, tastiest bun ever!! The cook made all the meals with a smile on his face the ENTIRE time! The staff were bustling around with Soda and sandwiches BUT everyone was smiling!!! I honestly loved it
It was me and my husband's first time at the Smorgasburg at the East River Park in Williamsburg. We tried a few different food trucks/stands and everything was really really good. Then we arrived at the Bolivian Llama Party stand and tried their Brisket slider and it absolutely blew our mind. It wasn't good,  it was truly great. The flavors exploded in your mouth and took your tastebuds somewhere else. Not only was the food outstanding,  the customer service was incredible. Everyone was so nice and really added to the great experience. I absolute recommend you visit one of their locations and try this amazingness for yourself.
Amazing food even better people. Had the triple pork, mild spice cause I'm a wimp, but flavor was impeccable! Will be back!
Amazing food. Had the Chola sandwich. Slammin! Get extra spicy sauce. So good! Def coming back
The saltena (any flavor) is one of my favorite foods in the world.  Looks like an empanada, but it is like a delicious stew inside, and the shell is like a sweet cornbread.  Whether it's the Rockaways or Smorgasburg, we always eat at Boliviian Llama Party when available.
I tried the brisket slider at smorgasburg and it was unbelievable. The guys at the booth were pretty chill and friendly.
You literally get a taste of real delicious authentic Bolivian cuisine. Being Bolivian let me tell you, it's hard to find Bolivian food around the New York/New Jersey area. Finally got a taste of home :) try the Saltenas and sandwiches de chola super delish!
I tried these guys at Smorgasburg a few weeks back, and they were great!  I ordered a pork saltena and a mango soda (which was incredible), leaving me incredibly full for $10.  Only downside was it was a bit messy and hard to eat on the move.  I would like to try them again, but perhaps at their actual store.  Great tasting, affordable food though!
I am addicted to the triple pork sandwich here ( smorgasbord, East River Park). This is quite possibly the best sandwich in NYC. And the people that work here are super sweet too.
Surprised there are no reviews! We tried the saltenas at the Smorgasburg. I had never had one before and it was good! It's almost like an empanada but more stewy inside. I had the beef and enjoyed it - friends had the chicken and liked it better than the beef.  I think they are baked and not fried too which is a plus.  Interesting drinks/sodas as well. Friendly service. They don't have a store front brick and mortar location so you can just find them at food fairs like this. I think their main outpost is out at Rockaway Beach during the summer.
The quinoa salteña was the tastiest item I are the entire time at smorgasbord.  Great flavors.
There wasn't much of a line and the wait for the food was decent. I tried the triple pork sandwich and got it mild. It was pretty darn good. Definitely wouldn't mind coming here again! (: The people at the booth were also really friendly. Try this place!
Tried the triple pork sandwich at smorg and it was amazing! And the staff was super friendly and informative. Don't miss it
The saltenas are mind blowing - incredibly juicy filling. We had the triple pork special but the beef and chicken look amazing as well. Try the mango soda to wash it down! Even better, the line was short, the food came quickly, and the staff were extra friendly. Ordering another right now!
OMG, totally unbelievable!! We visited them at Smorgasburg flea market today. They have Veggie salteñas and homemade Bolivian soda flavored with a Bolivian tropical fruit called maracuya!  (*faints, dies*)  LOL.  Guys, you cannot miss this gem. Follow them on social media too.
