This has to be one of the best places to get a great breakfast! The first thing you notice is that it is very, very clean. It makes you feel comfortable when you sit down to eat. Also, you can see the staff preparing the food which is a huge plus in my book. Their menu isn't insanely huge or confusing. It's straight up breakfast with a few kicks and quirks and that's it. Whatever you get, add the Turkish sausage. I saw it mentioned here on a few reviews and for good reason! It's THE thing to try if you're here for the first time.
I was just dropping my parents off at the bayonne port for a cruise and was kinda hungry. My girlfriend and I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try...BEST BREAKFAST PLACE AROUND! First, let me start by saying that it is very clean and I like the fact that you can see them preparing the food. The waitress was very nice and on top of everything. Next, the food. We both had omelets and they were prepared BEAUTIFULLY and very reasonably priced.  Both presentation and quality exceed expectations of what you would come to expect from a local café. Plus their spicy turkish sausage was some of the best sausage I ever had! And you must try the orange juice! I highly recommend this café to anyone and everyone!!
What a great little place. Food was great. We alter out orders to be off the menu. Very accommodating . Best little breakfast place !!
My boyfriend and I just had breakfast there for the first time today, everything was exceptional! I ordered the Turkish Coffee Italian omlette and he had the tayla omlette and fresh squeezed oj. We also had a side of french toast. Our server Suzy was very kind and accommodating. Everything was fresh and delicious and we will def be back for more!
Cafe Talya is amazing. We wanted to go for brunch on Saturday and didn't want to go to all of the usually places we have gone in the past. My boyfriend went onto yelp to see if there was any other places where we could go.  He came across Cafe Talya and based on the reviews, we thought we would try it.  It was perfect. The food is absolutely incredible. The soup is tasty and the vegetarian press is so full of flavor. My boyfriend loved the french toast. It tasted like no other french toast. The biggest pleasure though was the service provided by Suzy. Suzy is a warm, kind and alert server and made us feel at home. This place definitely deserves 5 stars and if we could give Cafe Talya 6 stars, we would do so!
Oh I love this place...  I mean. What's not to love? Open kitchen concept with green walls, green plates, green cups, green bar chairs... 3-4 people working in the whole place ... Immediately walk into the smell of fried bacon and pancakes. Where can you get a burger (only burger- add a dollar for cheese) for $4 and breakfast (in general) for $7? I feel like I walked into a friend's house and her uncles and aunts decided to cook for us. Fresh squeezed OJ, yes please! Eggs over easy, yes please! blueberry pancakes, yes please! Everything I have tried is good and they are good portions. Not like the diner portions where you feel super stuffed or too little where you have to order multiple dishes. I only do that because I want to try them all... :) It is a small place but it never feels over-crowded. Just make sure they are open because the business hours are not regular restaurant hours. More like bagel shop hours? When you go I recommend: Fresh OJ, blueberry pancakes, and their turkish sausage on/with/in addition to anything.
We have been hearing about this place from other people and we drive by it almost everyday so we finally decided to try it out for breakfast. What a great decision. This place is fabulous. It is a small intimate little breakfast/lunch cafe - only four tables and a counter. It's looks light and airy inside. The people are very friendly. The food is very fresh and tasty. There is a Turkish streak due its owners but most of the food is traditional. I tried the Italian omelette which they added spinach for me (thank you) and my wife had the chocolate chip pancakes. The coffee is good and so is the fresh squeezed orange juice. Definitely worth a visit - we will be back (there are a few other omelets I would like to try)
Great food, services, and all for a reasonable price. I came in for breakfast and had the classic. I was left satisfied with every aspect of the meal. The dinner was clean and bright. I came in hungry and left there happy. A+
After eating at Talya's almost once a week for almost 2 months, it has still yet to disappoint. I ordered for pick up for the first time today and enjoyed the food as much as I do when eating in. Ordered the Western Omelette and the French Toast, which I've had before. Both were piping hot when I got home. Luckily I only live about 15 blocks away. Of course I ordered 2 cups of the Fresh OJ for myself. Susie was as pleasant on the phone as she is in person. She really takes the time to cater to each patron on a personal level. Everything was packed neatly in aluminum hot plates with plastic overs. All condiments and utensils were included perfectly without missing a thing. Owner and cook Mertz even sent us a little treat. Let's just say it involved Apples.
WOW! I am so happy I found this lovely cafe in Bayonne. I am also sad that I didn't learn about it sooner. Talya is truly a neighborhood gem. And I will be proudly supporting this local business. Have you ever had an omelet made with pure love? Fluffy eggs, fresh mushrooms, lightly buttered. It's heaven in your mouth. You can even have it without the cheese! It is that good. I cannot wait to try the French toast. The owner really takes care when cooking, so be warned, your food will take time to be made. I have not had Turkish coffee since I have last visited my friends Turkish mom. When I called, distraught that I could not find parking in the neighborhood because of snow, Suzie was going to make an exception to the no Turkish coffee to go rule for me. That was so sweet. Luckily, when I came around the block to pick it up, I found a spot. What a great cup of coffee! It had that kick to it and was just the right strength. Perfect pick me up in the morning. If you are looking for a breakfast or brunch spot in town where your food is cooked to perfection, this is your spot. I know I will return again! You should come out and give them a try too. This is an amazing spot! Some things you should know: parking in this area is tough, especially now with all of the snow. Take a jitney bus that runs along Kennedy Blvd. or the Light Rail to 45th street. If you are ordering to go, call ahead and they will have your food ready for you so you can run in. Suzie is a real sweetheart and genuinely loves Talya and Bayonne!
Food is amazing! People are greatt! Very accommodating! I didn't order a drink and they gave us freshly squeezed juice! That tastee soo good.. The best freshly squeezed juice i ever tasted! Only sad that they only open til 2pm then 3pm i think on sunday! Only because i wish i can go anytime...
If it isn't a five star, you're most likely being mean. There's no doubt about that! The customer service is great! The food tastes amazing! The place is clean and neat. The prices are unbeatable!
WHat can I say?! I EFFING LOVE THIS PLACE! I haven't been there in about three weeks and im craving their food 0.0.... I have not yet been disappointed. Every visit (or pickup) has been like over the top! Everything (that ive tried of course) is always awesome and perfectly seasoned. I am one of those that loves ketchup and hot sauce on EVERYTHING and not once (besides for French fries and a little for my burger) have I put that on! Get the apple cookies if they're available! they go fast! their OJ is heavenly! Honestly it is the only time I drink juice unless I am back home in the carribean!
This place is amazing. I love the food and the coffee is AMAZING!!! My favorite is the blueberry pancakes. I used to get the kids pancakes but I just had to get the regular size because it that good. It's so good I wake up craving it. Lol. The waitress is so sweet and is always making sure we are ok with our food and coffee. I recommend this place to people that want good food at a very reasonable price.
The server was amazing. She was kind. The food was just as good.  I love the orange juice. Its not too sour or  anything. Plus the omelet is amazing. Oh and so are the pancakes. I wish they still had the crepes but they dont sell them anymore. But otherwise it is the best. I love the food.
Love love love this place!!! Great service & great food. I can't steer away from the French toast they are amazing. Of coarse I have to have a class if OJ!!
This has got to be the best breakfast spot in Bayonne. Everything is made with love and the staff is very friendly. Relatively small place with a very cozy atmosphere . The Talya omelette is amazing!!  Freshly pressed orange juice w that? Of course!!! My only beef is that they open when I have to be at work... Other than that, a MUST have breakfast !
Truly great breakfast with the family. I loved the Turkish sausage omelet! Service was fantastic, everything tasted fresh. This is a much better local option than going to the diner.  I haven't tried them for dinner yet, but the prices look very reasonable. My daughter loved her chocolate chip pancakes. My son had the spicy Turkish sausage, I had the mild, and we were both really happy.  Kudos! Good to see another great local business.
Small and cozy little joint and can see the cooks in the kitchen cooking your food. Awesome service. Great omelete, delicious pancakes, but the best is their orange juice. Everything fresh! Loved it, would recommend to anyone and will definetely be back.
Discovering hidden gems may just be the very best feeling in the whole wide world! Yelp comes through yet again, this time, on a search for new and delicious brunch. Its not often that I venture to Bayonne, cause well, its Bayonne lol. But I was once told of a yummy breakfast/brunch that's totally worth visiting and now I've stumbled upon another! Who knew, Bayonne!? Cafe Talya is fairly nondescript from the outside and I barely noticed it when we pulled up. Upon entering, we were greeted by a very sweet lady who seemed genuinely happy to see us. There was only 1 table occupied at the time. The place is very small and includes a cute, old school diner counter and an small open kitchen. We sat down and ordered the fresh squeezed OJ while we looked over the menu. This OJ...! This was the best OJ I've ever had in my life. Is that a slightly ridiculous statement? Yes, I suppose it is. But true nonetheless! And later in the meal we found out why...we looked over and she was literally juicing oranges to order! WHAT?! Where they do that at? We ordered the Talya Omelette and Talya French Toast. The French was tasty but got a little eggy toward the middle. Still yummy though. The Talya omelette includes Turkish Sausage (spicy or mild) and feta cheese. We got one with spicy and one with mild, the spicy definitely won, but both were delicious. It was a really good omelette! The home-fries that accompanied were nothing special but the OJ definitely made up for that lol. To end my meal, I decided to have a Turkish coffee. I ordered it with our waitress, to go. She came back and let me know that "he" (the chef) said they don't do the Turkish coffee to go. I was like "oh word?" lol. We appreciated the respect shown for the authenticity of a true Turkish coffee, and waited patiently for it. A few more people had shown up at this point and the chef was the only one in the kitchen so it took a little while. But soooo worth it! It was a delicious and beautifully served coffee. The chef was out of the kitchen and asked how we like our meal on our way out. You have got to love service like that! Super cute place! I will be back!
The waitress was friendly and respectful the food awesome even the dishwasher he worked very hard. :-).  ALL THREE STAFF MEMBERS THAT I SEEN HERE ARE GREAT WORKERS TOP-NOTCH.  check their menu for when they're open and how long.   :-).   TCB
Excellent breakfast and very reasonably priced. Had a family atmosphere and we felt welcome. The best western omelet I have ever eaten. The blueberry pancakes and French toast were also favorites! Highly recommend!!
This is my favorite place to have breakfast in Bayonne. The food is great - they always use the freshest ingredients. The staff are really nice too!
The 440 corridor is a food desert. We all know that IHOP needs to STOP. Anyway,a few months ago I stumbled across the breakfast breath of fresh air that is Cafe Talya. Since then, as is my fashion, I have frequently basked in the yummiest morning treats this side of JFK. To add to the allure, the owner is so friendly and kind. If you love breakfast, support this lovely woman! If she ever starts delivering, I will chow down every weekend!!
I love this little cafe. Very cozy and clean. Everything is fresh and yummy! You can watch your food being cooked by their wonderful chef. A really nice girl will squeeze you the best fresh OJ you ever had. I won't go anywhere else for breakfast or brunch in Bayonne.
Cafe Talya was a hidden gem unearthed today by my husband and I! Being that we needed to find somewhere in Bayonne to have brunch, I stumbled upon this by chance and am so happy I did. It's location is low key but the food was delicious. I ordered two eggs that came with a side of potatoes and Turkish sausage, my husband ordered the Greek omelette which came with cheese rolls (Turkish cheese rolled in phyllo sheets and fried). We enjoyed our entire meal plus the best fresh squeezed orange juice that I've ever tasted! If the food wasn't phenomenal enough the service was outstanding. Coffee was made fresh for us and at the end of the meal we were offered a complimentary apple cookie that was absolutely divine and a perfect end to the meal. This will certainly be an establishment we will frequent often for food, the lunch menu looked appetizing and if its anything like breakfast its definitely worth coming back for.
This is a great little cafe. I ordered the talya omelette with freshly squeezed orange juice and it was absolutely amazing. The place had a nice relaxed interior and everyone was very friendly. Definitely making this a regular event!
This is an awesome place! Good price, great service, great food. My girlfriend and I came in here for brunch today. The patrons and staff were all really friendly. And the food was excellent! their pancakes are really good. And i enjoyed their apple cookie. My coffee cup runeth over- or at least always refilled quickly. The friendly service is definitely a bonus too. It's nice to go to a cafe and have someone ask for more than what size latte you want:p
This little cafe is truly a little hidden gem in Bayonne. The food is outstanding. Packed with flavor & cooked with the freshest ingredients. They even have fresh orange juice, that you can watch them squeeze right into your cup- which is so delicious & fresh. The kitchen is slightly visible- so you get that aroma of home cooking as you wait to be served. Our waitress was the sweetest. I'm upset I didn't get her name, but I will be back. She tended to you & didn't let you wait if you needed something. It's a lovely cozy & homey environment. I can't wait to grab brunch again!
I love Talyas..it's one of my favorite breakfast/ lunch spot in Bayonne.. However, I would recommend going on a weekday and not the weekend. The staff is phenomenal; however, since I  a brunch connoisseur I typically avoid it on the weekend because the wait is much longer and it's too cramped. Overall this is a hidden gem in Bayonne! I highly recommend checking it out on a weekday morning or afternoon if it's your first time..and get to know the staff because they truly make the experience!
What a wonderful little, local spot!  My boyfriend is a chef, so it's sometimes tough to impress him. But even HE raved about Cafe Talya. It is meticulously clean with an open kitchen. The service is welcoming and friendly. Everything you would want in a local breakfast place. The food....amazing!  Fresh, well-prepared, and simply delicious. The prices are more than fair for the quality. Oh...and let's not forget the little apple cookies. The other reviews have not over-rated them. They are absolutely amazing. We will be returning again and again.
Fantastic experience!  This place really is what people are saying - a hidden gem and a great local business in Bayonne. I spent a week visiting friends in Bayonne, and they took me here for breakfast. It was so good, I went back 2 more times in during my visit! The cafe is really clean and cute, but not only is the charm of the place great -  they also have wonderful food, excellent service and amazing coffee. I've recommended this cafe to other friends who live nearby, and they've all thanked me for it :)   Definitely worth the trip.
Kind of tucked away from everything, but definitely worth the trip. I ordered the Morrocan beef stew with fries and asparagus, all of which was excellent. In addition to our order, the waitress brought us a delicious mozzarella and phyllo dough concoction as well as an apple pie cookie (think the individual apple pies you can get at the gas station except times a hundred, times a million in quality). You know a place has good food when you're not ordering it, but they're still bringing it to you. Our waitress was also incredibly courteous - as I said she kept bringing us food we didn't order - and it's a cute little room for a cafe. The only thing, and it's a small one, that would make this place more perfect is a couple of tables outside as the weather gets nicer.
Clean and cozy. The Turkish coffee was very good and authentic. I had the Turkish sausage sandwich and it was omg the best..blueberry pancakes were delish. And I def recommend the orange juice..freshly squeezed. Way better than anything tropicana can make.
Meticulously clean! Friendly... Tasty... Great price points... A lovely local gem
Went back for brunch and had their crêpes... but asked for savory crêps instead of sweet. We had our crêpes with onion and mushrooms. Couldn't have been happier! We've also now had dinner beef stew and tilapia, both were excellent and very tasty.
I had a great experience at this place. It is small little gem, but well worth the visit , we randomly found it on yelp and so glad we did. The customer service is exceptional and the food was mouth watering.  They don't have an extensive menu, but what they do have is very delicious.  The apple cookies are great. The prices are also very reasonable.
I can't believe I never knew this place was here. The turkish sausage was excellent and the owner brought us a little sample dish of Apple Pie Cookie which was amazing. The coffee was good and brewed fresh, the orange juice was fresh squeezed. My lady has the french toast which had a citrus zest to it and the omelet was amazing! We went on a hot day and they either don't have AC or it was broke which made a pretty hot breakfast. That is the only thing keeping them from a 5 star from me! I plan on going back and as far as breakfast goes, I think this is the best in Bayonne.
Cafe Talya is where my husband and I go to  breakfast every morning,  we love it.  We are treated like family.  The food is excellent, well prepared.  Everything is well prepared from fresh ingredients. Do yourself a favor and give it a try, you will be glad you did.
A lot of people like to describe in detail the actual place they are reviewing, All I want to know is the food is good? and is the place clean?. Cafe Talya passed with flying colors!! My first time I went during the week and had the Talya omelette.  It was delicious. It came with Turkish sausage and a side of crispy cubed home fries. The coffee is also great!! I was advised by the owner to come back another time to try the cheese rolls and the Apple pie cookies.  The omelettes come with the cheese rolls he was out that day and the apple pie cookies are offered on weekends.  I came yesterday with my family and enjoyed a greek omelette again it was delicious.  The famous cheese rolls were so good we ordered more on the side. These cheese rolls are like mozzarella sticks but instead of a breadcrumbs the cheese is handrolled in a very thin layer of pastry dough and then deep fried.  They are not oily at all and are so good you don't  want them to finish.  The cookies are another story. They really were amazing, so good I went back the next day without my family and enjoyed another meal and these delicious addicting cookies. They are not just cookies they are actually mini apple pies. Writing this review is making me want them right now.  Another thing I tried was the freshly squeezed orange juice, it had the right amount of sweetness and tartyness. This place is definitely a favorite spot. :)
Adorable little place off of the beaten path in Bayonne. Clean. Great service. Delicious food. ( I stopped in for an omlette and some fresh OJ.) Prices are good as well. I hope they stay open!
Cafe Talya is simply the best brunch place ever. Coming from Brooklyn where there are brunch spots everywhere, we were so happy to find Talya right down the street.  Mert is the best; his omelettes and egg sandwiches are made with such fresh, quality ingredients.  And all of this quality for such a fair price.  The coffee is great too!  we love this place!!
Brought my grandchildren for brunch. We shared fruit and pancakes and omlettes. The kids enjoyed their food and my omelette was delicious. Love the fresh squeezed orange juice. Turkish coffee was a real treat. The apple cookies were out of this world.
What a nice place! Small, clean, and homey. This cafe serves up some great Mediterranean food ! We had brunch here and it was delicious. Fresh orange juice, and the omelet was fantastic. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and will come again.
Tried this place out for the first time over the weekend for brunch.  The cafe is very cute and homey inside, I really liked it.  Very personal service and the food was great.  I am really looking forward to trying lunch and dinner there.  It's wonderful to have a new restaurant that isn't italian, pizza or something deep fried.  This is an excellent addition to the neighborhood and hope it sticks around for a long time!
everything is delish n fresh...try the fresh OJ....
How did I not know about this place...great coffee and fresh oj and the food was so so delicious...and the prices are even better...we had do much food and paid less than $20...this is our new breakfast spot...my husband and I will def go back for more
Great breakfast gem
