Awesome. I  have been here a few times, for music, drinking and most recently, for rainy day bowling.  For context, I love live music, I enjoy casual drinking, I am a terrible, (albeit enthusiastic) bowler. The staff here was very friendly, like, the waitress called me sweetie, level of friendliness. The size and layout of this venue is impressive and large and really cool. I don't think you can have a bad time here. As a huge added bonus, the food is surprisingly good (look at the menu). I wasn't expecting much (I assumed just bar food), but I actually really enjoyed my meal here.  I am a huge fan of local beers, and they have the Brooklyn Blast IPA, which is obviously a solid choice. Great place to hang out (big enough to accommodate a large group), cool place to see a show, and fun place to bowl a round? a game? a match?  Whatever, you get the gist. This is a really cool place. I recommend.
I hate to say it but this place is FIRST CLASS ALL THE WAY. The one thing I think they do need to fix is the cover charge. We went on a Friday at 6pm and they charged $5... the band was playing(sound check) at the time, they finished that song and weren't coming back on until 10pm. If I'm going to hang out from 6 to 10 to see a band so as not to pay the cover charge I'm sure between that time I would have spent well over $100, it can get pricey. I heard many people complaining in line. I still love the Gutter and Melody Lanes.
Honestly, it kills me to give Brooklyn Bowl 1 star, but I cannot get over the fact that it was one of the worst customer service experiences ever. We moved to the neighborhood about a year ago, and had really wanted to come bowling here. So, it's Memorial Day weekend, and the city is nearly deserted, so bowling we went. It started off well enough. The people who checked us in were friendly and we got on a rather short waiting list. We then made our way over to the bar and had drinks in hand in less than 5 minutes. We got a call for our lane about 5 minutes later. They gave us clear instructions about the prices, lanes, service, etc. We got over to our lane and our server brought the shoes over and again told us the deal as far as prices per half hour. We had just got drinks from the bar, so we didn't need anything at that time, though the food selections looked great. We started bowling. We quickly realized that the family in the two lanes to our left had no awareness regarding what was their space and what was our space. In the first 30 minutes we had to ask them to move back into their space twice. I guess that's what happens when you crowd 24 people into two lanes. Twice in the first game the pins reset and closed our frame without us actually bowling. Not great. Oh, and we probably would have brought all of this to the attention of our server, but in an hour she never once came back to ask us if we needed anything. Not one time. I could not wait to leave. One the way out the door we mentioned this to the people at the check-in counter. A very nice woman with long blonde hair apologized and went to get a manager. He came and politely offered to invite us back, but at that point, we weren't interested. I hear the food is great, though we never got the opportunity to enjoy it. I hear the live shows are great, but I don't know that I'll be eager to return.
we used to love this place until they kicked us out of a concert for no reason and over charged our bar tab. seemed like a case of mistaken idendity but staff had zero respect for the patrons. won't be coming back and will never recommend.
I played a show here a few weeks back. Amazing place with a huge band area and super fancy bowling alley. They have a French Bread Pizza section of the menu, I got the pulled pork and pepper pizza and it was amazing!  I've never seen anything like this place before! ITS HUGE! All the bartenders and wait staff i encountered were extremely nice.
Bouncers are total Nazis. Most of the employes had no sense of hospitality. Felt unwelcome. My boyfriend got escorted out and was told he was intoxicated. He wasn't even that drunk and he didn't bother anyone. They just decided that they didn't like him. It was 9:30 and there was no show yet, there was supposed to be two opening bands b4 the main band but there wasn't. There was just one guy on stage with a keyboard. Something tells me that's not what was planned and they just had to have someone on stage to keep the crowd slightly entertained.
taking stars off  because the box office were jerks.  My will call tickets I had paid for online were not there -  I wound up paying cash instead and asking for a receipt to resolve the matter of the missing tickets later without subjecting everyone waiting to extended ordeal of figuring out where the ones I already bought had gone.  The woman refused to give a receipt and had a hugely unpleasant attitude about it.  "The stamp on your wrist is your receipt".   (Wow a wrist stamp as a receipt for a cash transaction ).  Also the fried chicken that day  was also raw pink in the middle :( I will still keep this at three stars for the shows and the bowling!    But it will be a while before I have an appetite to return.
Place is huge, low-key spot, you can barely find it without a GPS. 10 minute walk from train station. Very artsy area with NYC feel to it. Super quiet and laid back at most. Really loved the food here, tried the BBQ wings, Mac n Cheese, Hummus, and Rock n Roll fries..... all were at their best. I wanna come back and try more food. Brooklyn Bowl Ale was really good as well. Good time overall.
Always a good time
A perfect spontaneous idea for a Friday evening. Wanting to explore more of what Brooklyn has to offer for entertainment I had a date night at Brooklyn bowl. I had been previously reluctant to go there as I had labeled it a hipster hangout and I just don't fit that category. However, on a rainy Friday night I purchased tickets online for the 9:30 show and got there for 8:00. The place is huge!  Divided into restaurant, bowling alley, and multiple bars with a stage for performances and a pit for the crowd (all in a seemingly open floor plan), we decided to hit the restaurant first. With a few tables, booths and the bar available we chose to sit at the bar. They had an excellent selection of beers on tap from the Brooklyn brewery as well as another local brewery. We decided on a lager and a pilsner and ordered one if the most delicious fried chicken plates I can comment on. It was fantastic and served with honey and white toast. The chicken was fried but not overly fried like you might taste at a Popeyes chicken and the honey was an excellent addition. Fully satisfied we caught the 9:30 rock show which featured a band that had played on the tonight show called the Whigs. It was a great live performance with excellent lighting and sound. I will definitely be visiting Brooklyn bowl in the future and encourage those afraid of hipsters not to fret.
I went here last night to see Lettuce perform, and I had the BEST time! This is a great venue to see bands. I bought tickets in advance which ended up being around $20 (15+ processing fee), we arrived about half an hour before the band was scheduled to play, had a drink, and then headed over to the stage. People were sort of just perusing around, so we decided, screw it, let's go all the way to the front. Best decision ever! We were "front row" the whole time! And seriously, this place was filled to the brim. I almost felt bad for hogging the stage the whole time...almost. Hey, ya snooze ya lose people! Anyway, the venue had a cool dark vibe, and the bowling added an interesting element to the mix as well. The drinks were reasonably priced (for bk anyway), and the bathroom was spotless (that's a big deal for me!). I did not get to eat here, but I'm hoping to come back one day for the food, because this place was great.
This place has everything. Great food, great drinks, great entertainment. The place is very spacious. The crowd is diverse. It accommodates groups. Great local beers. Umm...what else? It's an excellent place to have someones birthday. I'm not gonna go into the food too much. It's basically comfort food. Fried chicken (good), mac and cheese (godly), the gravy covered fries (orgasmic). I mean, what else could I say? It's excellent!
Always a great time at Brooklyn Bowl especially during the weekends starting from Thursday ;) Music & atmosphere really fun.
Great time at Brooklyn Bowl. Came to see a show here with some reservations. Pleasantly surprised with the sound system. Which is even pimped in to the bathrooms. The food is fantastic. Blue Ribbon set up the menu. Prices aren't too bad. Better than I expected. And the margaritas are great. Music playing through the PA system is great too. Can't wait to go back.
i love it. the good: cheap bowling, well cheaper than manhattan, the FOOD is amazing. the drinks are relatively cheap if you are getting pitchers and not shots. the have a great stage and space for music! it's mad chill and really enjoy it everytime i come. the bad: nothing really bad except for the wait for lanes. FOOD order the : fried chicken, its amazing i love the honey, reminds me of the south the deviled eggs are awesome, has jalapenos and pepperss YUM gravy cheese fries, i'm a fat ass so of course its going to be good flat bread pizza, pretty good not as solid as the above.
Uuuh.....wellll....I.m iffy on the rating choice. I hate to pay a cover of ten bux if my intentions r to play bowling and not hear the loud band/dj. The lane is already pricy as it is. But anyway, the chicken is pretty Rico. This is a five star. I wouldn't even get a lane. Just get a table and eat the chicken w a vanilla milkshake on the side. Good chicken. Happy chicken. I never give anything else a chance. I should but I don't. Chicken always wins.
Dear brooklyn bowl, Oh wooer and purveyor of all my musical, food, beer, dancing and bowling hearts, how I love thee.  Although sometimes you may have a strange crowd, for the most part, I can always depend on you to supply my basic necessities with grace and quite the delicious Williamsburg edge.  Seriously--not only does this bowling alley/music venue/restaurant/bar/hipster haunt have amazing all of the above, their concert booking is quite epic--and the best part?  The team that works there--servers, and management, are some of the nicest people I've ever met.  I can't say enough about this place.  Oh yeah--can't forget that it's constructed from sustainable and re-purposed materials.  ROCK!
Awesome venue!!  You can bowl, you can eat, you can watch a show, you can dance!  Great lineup with various artists.  Grab a drink and shake your ass!
Love it! I have been there three times, no complaints. There is usually like an hour wait if you dont make reservations but with the right company times passes by so quickly.
Bowl with live music, full bar, and awsome fried chicken. Thinks shake and bake circa 1979 before anyone cared about sodium. YUM! The rest of the food was good too. If you are a serious bowler, maybe not. This is a night out, not your PBA league. Don't bring the kids, the balls are not the only thing rolling.
I had dinner here with a group of friends and everything we tried was amazing and mind you we ordered all the appetizers on the menu and the fried chicken. We did bowl afterwards but the highlight of the night for me was the food.
Overall I like Brooklyn Bowl, it's a great place to head to for a guaranteed dance party on the weekends and they get some great acts. It's big and spacious in the dance area and almost feels like you're in some kind of a pool area or like there was supposed to be some kind of loading dock and then they put a stage on the side and made it a dance pit. Either way every time I've been there on a weekend it's packed and people definitely don't make any bones about what they're there for and that is to dance. One night we actually went bowling which was pretty exciting, I'm happy to say I didn't have to pay because the bill was pretty hefty. The main reason I get a bad vibe from BK Bowl and I hate knocking anyone but entering this place kind of feels like being ushered through a cattle yard. At the door they are all IDs cover charge move and they aren't messing around. I guess follow their rules and you'll be fine but don't expect a smile or to be able to be even a little bad. Also you almost always have to pay a cover so make sure you have cash on arrival.
Me loves Me loves Me loves!  I'm always slightly innebriated when I show up so i dont pay the bouncers and the cover and all that stuff any mind.  What I do mind is having to wait so damn long to get summa dat dere chicken.  Mind you I have never bowled here because I always get blasted like a peruvian/chilean miner, while waiting for a lane. What have I done you ask? Wellllllll... As I said before, I eat the chicken get as much fried chicken as you can IT IS GOOD! But before I eat the chicken I order the chicharron nachos they taste so good and they are interactive cause when youre drunk and you crunch into them the toppings fly everywhere, this come in handy when you finish the whole plate and wish you had just one more bite you look down "OH SNAP who put these here pork rinds in my bra"?  The corn is good too, I also like the mac n cheese and da wings.  And be drunk when you eat cause it aint no fun eatin' fried chicken like a lady, for me I can eat them when I'm sober too cause I ain't no lady. I also like to order at the bar, we got the pitchers if margaritas which are like ok - but you get giddy thinking Imma be done-zo if i drink all this.  I love the shows that are playing it adds an awesome hipster vibe to the place. and i like to dance so yeah. Usually by the time i ate the chicken, drank da drinks and danced - I've run up those god damned stairs 20 times to pee and im tired and ready to go home.  Also the bowling pins with hair that they try to pass as decor scare me.  So for someone who aint bowled there yet - i had a darn good time.
I came here to party, not to bowl, and left early. It was just a weird mix between a lot going on and me feeling like I was missing it all. People seemed generally disinterested in mingling that night and I only went there with about 2 or 3 friends. On the dance floor people just looked weird and were content doing their own thing. I'm not dying to come back.
I came here for a private holiday event last month, and for my first time coming to Brooklyn Bowl I enjoyed myself! There was a show featuring the highly acclaimed hip-hop group The Roots (and boy do I LOVE me some Roots). Not only did they perform but they had an all star old school hip hop line up. Now although I'm a LATE 80's baby (1988) rocking out and seeing Big Daddy Kane and Raekwon perform was awesome. Let's NOT forget how they represented for the West Indies by bringing out Bunji Garlin, and Mr. Vegas. Epic  night. Ok now on to the actual place. Very spacious, I love the look. The drinks at the bar weren't too pricey, and overall the place was rocking. I will definitely be back again to actually  bowl!
A Philadelphian myself, I had no idea what glory I was getting myself into when I first walked into the Brooklyn Bowl.  It was like nothing I've seen before yet sure enough, I realized what was in store for me.  Now, maybe I'm a little biased since I purposely went there to see one of my favorite bands [THE BLACK SEEDS], but the entire atmosphere deserves 5 stars.  Never have I been to a place that combines bowling, renown live music, dancing, drinks, and food all in one night.  Where do they fit it all?!?  Believe it or not, there is more than enough room to fit all of these activities under one roof.  And yes, you can still hear your friends over the music.   Thank you Brooklyn Bowl for presenting me with one of the best nights of my life.  ..You could be a little cheaper though :3
There aren't many words to describe how awesome this place is. Concert Venue, Bowling Alley and AMAZING AMAZING food all rolled into one. That combined with the cheap drinks and the unique atmosphere. Hands down Five Stars... GO HERE!! IT'S A BUCKET LIST KIND OF BAR!
Food was good and greasy, which can get old really quick but they have a good selection of beer to put you back on track! The cover of $20 sucks balls, especially when you are meeting people there to bowl and not to hear whatever band is playing that night.
This is by far the coolest and most entertaining bowling alley I have ever been to! We brought my dad here for his birthday and caught the John Popper Wasabi concert while we bowled. The bowling lane was incredibly comfortable and felt like we rented our own private party room. We had waiters constantly checking on us and bringing us everything we needed. The seats (which are normally hard plastic and bright orange at other alleys) were sleek black cushioned couches. Whenever we weren't bowling, we walked right up near the stage, leaned over the railing and enjoyed the fabulous music. The only reason I couldn't give this five stars is because the actual bowling experience is only good if you are there to drink and have fun. If you want to play a serious game, this might not be the best option. The pins are on strings and the scoring/resetting gets messed up quite often. In the future, if I want to go out and have a good time, I'll come here. If I want to perfect my game, I'll go elsewhere.
Normal priced drinks, overpriced food.  Looks like a barn turned into a bowling alley.  Great music ticket prices.  Sound is decent.  Workers are friendly, moreso the door / entry process than bar / waitstaff.
To be honest it's been a while since I've come here but its definitely a cool spot! I've been here a few times and I enjoyed myself each time.  During a visit at brooklyn bowl Slick Rick and Dana Dane performed! I love old school so to say I had a good time was an understatement.  As for the food, its soo good!!! As for bowling, I never bowled here because the wait is entirely too long which is the main downfall.
Conceptually, it's a home run.  The space is beautiful and the bowling's cool--even w/ the strings attached. It's a bit expensive and crowded and the 2hr limit on weekends is a buzz-kill. However, the chance to eat Blue-Ribbon food in the 'burg is awesome.  I thinks as a stand-alone restaurant, this place would be great and that gets muted in the hullabaloo of music and bowling. But totally check it out, it's worth the trip!
One of my most favorite music venues of all time - I mean really this place is just awesome. From the decor, to the layout, to the amazing Blue Ribbon fried chicken, bbq wings and my favorite: the nutella with bourbon milk shake. A great place to see some live music, do some bowling (a bit expensive and always a wait but fun to do once in a while) and just have some fun. If a show is booked here, I am more than likely going to make it just because I love the venue that much.
Overrated and overpriced. It is kinda fun being so close to Questlove.
Was staying in Williamsburg for vacation, from California and decided to check it out. Was one of the best unknown tourist attraction! The idea of a bar/ restaraunt/ bowling alley/ concert venue is fantastic. I enjoyed the coat check the beers. The half hour bowl for $20, and got to see a live band. Next time I'm in Brooklyn I will for sure have to go again!!
I usually come here for the music shows, last time I was here it was for the Okayplayer Holiday Jam party: The Roots, Shaggy, Big Daddy Kane, Gary Clark Jr. and many others. Huge space and easy to lose people. During the show we decided to order food and got the fried chicken and mash potatoes. Best fried chicken, I've ever had. Would love to come back on a regular night and do a little bowling.
Two stars for the fried chicken only. It is potentially the best fried chicken I have ever had, and fried chicken is my absolute favorite food of all time. It is seasoned very well with a crunchy, delicate skin and extremely juicy meat. Its only problem is that it's kinda pricey, $24 for 8 pieces mixed, white and dark meat, served with 2 pieces of white bread and honey. Also tried the rock and roll fries. They look amazing, and taste good, but they're not anywhere near as good as they look. They remind of the poutine I had last time I was in Canada, just not as good. Disco fries at any NJ diner would be a much better value. Drink prices were typical, but they have a good selection. I wouldn't mind pregaming over at the Levee and nursing a few drinks here. But I give the place two stars because I came in Sunday night a little before midnight after SPECIFICALLY CALLING to make sure that they're open til 2am. Upon arrival, they told me it was too late to bowl, when I had just called to make sure that they were open. However, they were willing to serve me food which is good. But by the time I was served and done eating, it was already after 1am. I definitely could have been bowling during the time I waited for my food. Otherwise it looks like a really cool venue, playing my kind of music. I'll update my review next time I actually go and get a chance to bowl, eat, and drink.
Absolutely love this place.  I go to a lot of shows, and this is probably my favorite music venue in New York right now.   Great acts, always reasonable show prices, cool industrial design interior, huge floor that is easy to get around even when the shows are sold out, low douche factor in the crowd (meaning not too many people jostling around, pushing past you, and/or standing right in front of you for a better view).  Also very hard to top the reasonably-priced beer selection - lots of Brooklyn and Kelso beers on tap.  Finally, and this is kind of a random compliment, but I really like the stage lighting as well - the colored LED spotlights add a nice, crisp atmosphere, and show up really nicely in pictures.   This review is based solely on the music.  The bowling is fun but pretty expensive.  Blue Ribbon is deservedly legendary food, but there are very few tables and the wait for one can be interminable.  I don't usually go there for either of the above, though.
This is a sick venue, it's huge and had a great vibe.  Aside from that, they get five stars because after a long wait at the bar (it was pretty crowded) the bartender poured me a double shot of whiskey on the house to go with the round of beers I was ordering.  Now that is good customer service
Everyone has pretty much covered the various characteristics of this venue. Definitely have some food. The beer selection is also great. The only thing I can add is if you're here to bowl, make sure the live band or dj is to your liking. You don't want to get stuck listening to something awful while waiting hours and hours for a lane. We gave up after the third hour of waiting but only because the band the night we were there was absolutely atrocious.
First time here with my bf and his friend and it was awesome! Our server Anna was great she recommended the Mac and cheese and although not a fan it was actually really good. The vibe is great, friendly people but of course all hipsters. The door man looked like Tay Diggs and he was nice. $15 cover for entrance but overall fun experience. Ohh and very quick service!
Like others have said it has to be seen to be believed. Its spacious, tasteful, comfortable, plush, insert positive adjective of your choosing to describe the interior. Im a big fan of gutter but this place simply blows away the competition. Ive been to Lucky Strike, the big upscale brand in LA and Miami and I have to say that  the Brooklyn Bowl experience from top to bottom is superior. Even though this place feels like a lot of money went into it, it doesnt have nearly the cheezy corporate feel of Lucky Strike. I had so much fun here; I never wanted to leave.
Review is mainly for the concert venue... which, in & of itself, is a 5 star space. Though it is hard to focus on that area only... to be explained later. This is a really unique place to see live bands. Big stage, great sound system especially for the size (around 700 capacity) & they book some fine acts. The venue bar is tapped with all your Brooklyn Brewery (around the corner) favorites. Service at the bar is very friendly, prompt & its adequately staffed. The negative is with their over the top access controls for certain areas. For example, be prepared to be closelined if you mistakenly try to enter the bowling alley. Don't even think about wandering into the overly crammed dining area unless you've been specifically assigned a seat (what a hassle it was to allow me a quick "hello" to friends that were eating so they knew I had arrived). Heck, they vigilantly police where you can & cannot stand (even in the bar!). I can somewhat disregard the crappy attitude & overbearing thirst for control given all the other great things about the performance space. But, it's not worthy of more than 3 stars until they learn some customer service basics & stop acting annoyed that every patron isn't instantly familiar with all their goofy rules. Not at all recommended for drunks that get belligerent when ordered around... no way would that mix end well.
Over 50 shows there except for this past Saturday night.  Apparently, the outside security are now on some kind of power trip.  This ain't the LIMELIGHT in the 80s, guys.  Here is the letter I just emailed them and posted on Facebook.  Do not go if you have long hair, guys!  This WAS my favorite venue in the city, but it isn't the only venue.  If they pull this again, we will never go back: "I have been to many shows at your venue, eaten your food, bought your beer. I usually buy tickets in advance, but this past Saturday, a friend invited my boyfriend and I to come to the show. He drove us into Brooklyn from NJ and we waited on the non ticket holders line for an entire hour. There were 4 of us. The security guards were rude - the venue was not sold out, and when my boyfriend and I finally got to the front of the line, they let our 2 friends go in but not my boyfriend because they thought his camel crush cigarette was marijuana. We were 10 people back. There was no marijuana. Marijuana has a smell. We have tickets for an upcoming show. If this nonsense happens again, not only will we never come back and will demand a refund, our large crew of friends will support us and we all will see shows at the countless other venues in NYC. Just letting you know. My friends and I are not interested in NYC "exclusive" venues who profile a man in line for an hour because he looks like a hippy and not a hipster. He had on khakis and a tye dyed t-shirt and none of us are stupid enough to smoke pot on a line in NYC - it's not legal yet. Your fried chicken is good. Shame."
just not a fan. very overrated. As a music venue it's just ok. The staff in general are a-holes. The food is decent though slightly on the expensive side. Every time my friends want to come here I try to talk them into going somewhere better.
I am not much of a bowler as all this is fairly new to me. Went there to celebrate my father in law's b'day there. They have weird seating and cover policies. They did not charge my father in law and his wife for cover and took money from us. They let them sit in the bar area, did not allow us. Whole thing was confusing. So out of way for us and then too we made an attempt to try something new. Sorry not for us or for our wallet...
From the hand dryers to the handsomes, from the barn-style upstairs to the babes, Brooklyn Bowl is the place to be (and be seen?) on a Saturday night. The decor ranges from side-show circus to ornate copper ceiling panels, with county fair shooter clowns and steel worker-era tables thrown in. Bowling is one of the many activities you can partake in at BB. You can also eat a delicious ( I repeat, delicious) meal, sit at two different bars, hang out on the manly leather couches, watch a cool live show, dance on the massive venue floor, and even flirt with the cute bartender (you know who you are). Even though my cabby almost missed the place, once you find BB, you want to leave. The Food: I had the Oyster Po'Boy (on recommendation from said cute bartender). Yum-yummy. Although the ratio of fried oyster to bread could have been better (either more oyster or less bread), the fact that it was served with a fresh mesclun mix and a tangy, light vinaigrette made up for any shortcomings. (Who needs french fries with a sandwich that already boasts perfectly fried little succulents?) The drinks: a nice selection of locally brewed beers makes you feel like you're keeping it in the family, and there's still plenty of mixed drinks and frozen margaritas to choose from for those lacking in the beer-connaiseur-knowledge-department. I have yet to try the bowling, but I'm looking forward to bringing a boisterous group of friends back to do so. I'll update when I cross that bridge...
Very dope layout/vibe.  Went here during the soft launch, so cant really speak on the actual hours.  But it was a very cool/chic urban vibe with a huge space to chill and lounge.  Definitely recommend it for a more layback night, with potential to hop over to bedford for further craziness.
I had so much fun here! I didn't bowl or eat so this review is for a concert experience only. Door: Door process is a little weird if you pre-paid. No hard tickets, just a stamp. But let us in a little early so we didn't have to wait in the freezing cold, and bouncers weren't as obnoxious as most i've met. Slight discount for purchasing in advance but website has a service fee so it winds up not mattering anyway. Drinks / Bar: Bartenders were awesome. I appreciated that I didn't have to ask for a cocktail menu. Drinks were made fast, standard NY prices. Performance Space: We got there at the end of a live show (country band) just before a DJ set. I can't decide if it's cool or weird that they book different genres in one night. Had to endure 40 minutes of country rock before the dance music we came for. Anyone complaining that the NYC club scene is dead (killed by bottle services and VIP banquettes) should check this place out. Plenty of room to dance, throw your coat on the floor and get ready to sweat. I'd come here more often but it was a nightmare getting back to Manhattan (thanks for nuthin' MTA!) .
Closer to two stars than three. Parts of this place I like.  The relationship with Brooklyn Brewery.  Good live music.  Nice facilities.  Blue Ribbon food. But overall, it doesn't seem to be run very well.  I get that there will be a long wait to get a lane on the weekend, but charging a cover to get in because of a band that will eventually play seems like gouging.  They also don't serve food in the "waiting area," which seems pretty terrible as well. Now the bowling is all the rage (again) it'll be interesting to see which places stick around, and which places don't.
What bad things could you say about a place that gives you a full musical experience for $5, bowling, food, and Brooklyn Brewery beers???
This review is based entirely on Brooklyn Bowl as a bowling alley. I went with friends on a June Saturday at Noon. Beautiful June afternoon so it was not crowded at all. I really liked Brooklyn Bowl but for a few things. The atmosphere is fantastic. Kewlest bowling alley ever. I did not like that they had video screens that were playing Star Wars all over the walls. Sorry Star Wars fans but it really took me out of the awesome decor. Brooklyn Bowl is labelled "hipster" on Yelp but based on the Saturday afternoon it should be labeled "preppy." As for the bowling, this might be an excuse but I felt like the lanes were really waxy. Any stray movement of the ball resulted in a gutter ball. Bowling is $50 per lane per hour plus shoe rental so be aware. My biggest concern with Brooklyn Bowl is the absolute lack of vegan options on its menu. You're in Williamsburg in 2013. You don't have vegan options? What on Earth? They also charge $2 per person if you want to bring a dessert with a miniumum payment of $20. That thwarts anyone who wants to bring in a vegan dessert. Not that anyone would want to do that in Williamsburg! All in all, a good experience but they need to 86 the video screens and get some vegan options on the menu!
Wow, how come no one told me about this place before! Great music, huge space, awesowe wooden floor and walls. And bowling, wow! And the food! Get the rock 'n roll fries! Delish!
Thursday night Bowl Train with ?uestlove is the jam. I really love this place. Try the Kelso IPA.
Great rock and roll fries. Very cool location. The venue in general is a very stylish, interesting spot. The problem with almost everything in Williamsburg is you pay 200% of the price for EVERY part of it. That being said I'm a very critical customer when it comes to this type of aspect. The stage at Brooklyn Bowl is awesome and they have great artists set up performing here which is also very cool. I'd like to see a local show night where they could showcase a lot of smaller local rock bands etc. and have beer specials to mirror that. A pretty cool spot, but the exorbitant prices really keep this spot from being anything unbelievable. I would say it's more Williamsburg trendiness' issue right now, and not necessarily the proprietorship.
I'm definitely a fan of this place. I went here a few weeks ago to see the Flobots (Denver baby!) play and i was not disappointed, by anything. Really and truly, the Flobots are awesome, so I was expecting nothing less than an awesome, hype, and energy filled program from them. But Brooklyn Bowl is infact more than meets the eye. First off the place is HUGE! It's a bit out of the way (for those of us using the trains, which should be all of us i think) from the train station, but it's well worth the walk to get to. There is plenty of seating for those of us not bowling, and who want to just grab a very reasonably priced, NY brewed beer from the bar and chill. I didn't bowl, but it seemed as though bowling was a bit on the pricey side for those who were. The stage had a grand space for those dancing about to the live tunes, and the bowling alley is a good distance away so you really are never crammed. I suppose I can't give the place a full-on rating till i've bowled there, but for now, it's a great place to see some live music and have some delicious beer (there's bar food as well!).
If you come just for a concert (and not to bowl), be prepared to deal with bad attitudes from the staff.
I'm not cooler than anyone. But I guess the kids are the BB are. When I saw the Drive-by Truckers here a couple years ago as part of a three-night New Years run, a guy wore a rabbit hat and rubbed his ears in excitement. DBT fans abide no nonsense: they dropped him. A clearly under-21 girl was grinding on all the menu at the venue and grabbing their beers. They dropped her too (she did eventually find a patron though -- I doubt the night ended the way either of them hoped). Deer Tick covering Nirvana, the occasion for my second visit, was more suitable to the BB crowd. There was too much crowdsurfing, too much moshing, just too much self-conscious fun-having. But the show was great, and the sound here is always good, and the sight lines are fine. The venue is a nice size at 600 people, and they always always book solid shows. Getting to the bar is a fucking pain and the line is always stupidly long. Double-fisting is in order. Do what I did: order a shot and two beers, and plan not to return. Brooklyn Bowl, you get two stars because I always have fun and always leave with a story. One more star for the excellent booking.
For Bowling Go Gutter But for events Brooklyn Bowl has been a great addition.
This review is only for the bar and the bands. I've never eaten here or bowled here. I've been here twice for two different shows and the venue is always great. It gets crowded when the bands are playing but what else would you expect at a show. The atmosphere is very fun and I've always met some great people here. Not to mention the music in between band sets is really fun to dance to. A mix of old school rap, modern pop, and 80s music. Saw Chiddy Bang and Goldroom here. The bar is fully stocked and the prices aren't outrageous, especially for such a popular Brooklyn area. Can't wait to see more shows here.
Very fun place to go to with friends or even a date. Good music and friendly staff. Food is pretty good, so is the beer. And its pretty nice and old school looking on the inside.
Let me put is this way, when I win the big Mega Millions jackpot, I'm promptly stealing this set up verbatim and finding a sweet-ass locale elsewhere (yeah I'm thinking of you Austin) and setting up shop! Just a superb mixed-use space, something for everyone...live music, DJs, dancing, bowling and killer vittles.  Great brew selection (keeping it green with all draft, no bottles making it first LEED-certified bar in US I believe), plus they carry very reasonably priced bourbons beyond just Maker's. And do not miss the food!  Blue Ribbon outdoes themselves here with a crack-worthy menu chock full o' comfort food like fried chicken, rock n roll fries and french bread pizzas. Easy to get to, five minute walk from first BK stop off L.
Such a unique event space not only for your bowling needs but they have concerts and parties here as well! The food is what keeps me coming back. They have the best fried chicken ever. So crisp on the outside and very flavorful on the outside. One of my favorite foods that I always get when I'm at BK bowl is also the rock n roll fries. French fries in a rich gravy smothered with cheese yummy!! It's just heavenly! On my most recent visit I had the Mac n cheese for the first time. I had no idea how good it was!! Not only is bk bowl a great place for events but the food is a MUST!!!
Only rating the party atmosphere, if Quest Love is having a party here, just avoid it. This guy may be a good drummer, but he is probably the shittiest Dj of all time. This guy is played a 1 hour old school cali Dj set, killed the vibe. He is lame as hell not even putting in effort to get people to wanting to hit dance floor. Oh and the security guards turn a small situation in full blown ordeal, so watch out.
Went here for bday party - they charge $15 to plate a birthday cake that they don't offer. So we opted for their cup cakes ($3.50@) which didn't come in any flavors but with this Betty crocker chocolate goop on top. Ok the fried chicken second time around is similar to that at Mitchell's on Vanderbilt Ave but it ain't cheep $30 for 12 pieces. The rock & roll fries were tasty kinda like poutine. Ok so three pitchers, chicken, fries, trout salad, cupcakes, and bowling for 2 hours - $330 including tip. Go figure when a pastime like bowling would be as expensive as golf. Pros: Live music, interesting patrons Cons: Not really a value equation, if the band sucks you're in trouble- taking the f'n L train back after a long night.
This isn't your mom and pop bowling alley. As far as I'm concerned there's no  better place to spend your night out in Brooklyn. The venue books nationally recognized bands to play at one of the most interesting venues to take in a live show. The huge bar with constantly changing taps from local breweries plus the Blue Ribbon food makes the Brooklyn Bowl my number one spot for a night out. Check out Thursday nights for Questlove DJ Sets and free bowling before 8 or 9. Highly recommended awesome NYC experience.
BOWLING? FRIED CHICKEN from a top rated restaurant group!? LIVE MUSIC by bands I actually listen to?!?!?!? Cool crowd that doesn't get in my face?! A restaurant concept that I wish I thought of myself?! Sign me up.  I love brooklyn bowl. Every time I go to Billy, I slow walk past this place hoping my friends would take a hint and go hey, we haven't been here in a while,let's go. I love bowling and I love fried chicken so my brain exploded with happiness when I came here. Definitely check which bands are playing because it does affect the mood since they take up a large part of the space.
Went here last night to see the Fiery Furnaces and had a blast!   The staff outside checking IDs and stamping you to get in were so nice.  It's refreshing being treated so nicely walking into a place.   The inside is spacious, well designed and totally awesome.  It's like walking into a vintage bowling alley meets carnival.  Absolutely loved it with all the dark wood and decorations.   You can choose to sit down in their restaurant or eat at these long communal tables.  We got ourselves a beer, opened a tab and sat down to enjoy some AMAZING fried chicken while waiting for the show to start.   Have you ever eaten fried chicken, mashed potatoes and collard greens washed down with awesome Brooklyn brew while watching an awesome performance feet away???  It was THE BEST.   After sharing the mixed chicken plate, which was huge and enough for my friend and I to share.  You need room for beer, ya know.  We paid up and stood near the stage.  It's also important to note that the waitress was really nice and attentive.  Everyone here was nice! The bathroom situation was really good too.  Although you have to walk all the way upstairs and its a bit of a maze, you can see everything from a window in this waiting room type place before you get into the ladies room.  There were also tons of stalls so you never had to wait!!  What a joy! Overall, it was a great time.  Great food, great beer, great show and all in a lovely conveniently located atmosphere.  Definitely coming back again.  I would bowl also, but it was crowded and uber expensive.  Maybe during happy hour when it isn't $40 per lane per hour.
How have I not reviewed this place before? I come here so often, it's like a second home. There are usually freebie/RSVP shows, if you look.   It's kind of annoying, however, that doors are open way earlier than start of show. I'm sure it makes sense for people who come in to bowl or grab food & drinks before the show, but it's hard for me to figure out the perfect time to show up & secure a spot up front without being too early.
Well let's see, the Bartenders are on point. They're all super nice and got really good hearing skills. And then there's Questlove. Dude killed a whole 2 hours with J-Dilla inspired melodies. I think I spilled half of my drinks cutting some rug from midnight until closing. Well worth the wasting of alcohol.
The 3 "B"s:  bowling, beer, and more booze. I gotta add one more to describe this place: a BLAST! I went here with a bunch of coworkers on a friday night and we had a kick@ss time. This place was spacious and the decor was adorable. I felt very comfortable  despite the growing amount of people-- i didn't feel claustrophobic at all. The best part is that my group of friends didn't get charged a cover fee because the owners saw that we had such a large party. The bowling is HALF priced from Monday - Friday and they take good care of you. The bowling shoes come delivered to our bowling lane and they nicely collect our shoes after we changed. Don't worry if you forget socks-- they sell cute $1 socks that have bowling pins on them! You are assigned to one waiter/helper throughout the night and you can order drinks and food, so that makes it super convenient. The live band is pretty great too (although i wasn't a big fan of the type of music that was played, but I'm sure it's different every week.) I will definitely recommend this place if you want to have some fun. It reminded me of those good ol' days of elementary school bowling parties, but with BOOZE. :) Note: this place is NOT a good place for professional or experienced bowlers since the bowling balls aren't good quality (according to my friends who are frequent bowlers)
Best place to hangout for bowling and concerts. Beside bowling and concerts they have a place to eat as well. If you decide to eat there I would recommend their famous fried chicken wings. Their fried chicken wings are off the hook. Nice and crispy season will with their secret spices. If you want add honey to the friend chicken wings which will give extra kick to it. Best fried chicken wings I ever had. First bite I was like OMG,second bite I was in love, third I was in heaven, last I was licking my fingers yummy. Would go back for more fried chicken wings and bowling /concerts.
Staff wasn't very friendly. Until my friend and I actually sat at our bowling lane and started ordering tons of stuff. Very very good wedge salad. And excellent friend oyster po boy. Seriously, the po boy. Out of this world. Not something I expected from a bowling alley.
Are you seeking any one of the following? - Live music...check - Blue Ribbon dining...check - Bar serving up Brooklyn/NY local beers...check - Bowling...check - Good times...check! This place really has it all!  We arrived on Friday night with a mere $5 cover and had a fantastic time here!  The food was (of course) amazing.  We had the (famous) fried chicken, smoked fish spread and "Rock and Roll" fries.  It was all delicious.  Then to top it off the bar served up wonderfully delicious Brooklyn beers.  Plus, the Greensky Bluegrass band was awesome!
I've always wished I had gotten a chance to go to the Wetlands so I was really excited to hear the owner was opening a new music venue - with bowling!! I love bowling so this is basically a dream come true. Everyone that works there is super friendly from the security to the waitresses and bartenders. The decor and set up are perfect and you really can't hear the bowling when the bands are on. I tried the mac and cheese which was delish and reasonably priced for the size. I took some home and obviously being mac and cheese, it was great for late night. I love their local beer selection but I'm dropping a star because I wish the beers were $4 or even $5 instead of $6.  Or maybe they could have a special with one cheaper beer or something. It is great they have free water out during concerts though. The bowling is pricey but what isn't in NYC? If you bowl between 6-8 pm weekdays it's marked down to $30 per hour so with a few friends, it's not bad. I am already a regular there. So glad it opened. Great addition to the music scene!!
Fried chicken and pork rinds !!! The Food is YUM! Great place to have fun but the bowling SUCKS !!!!!!! the pins are on strings WHY???????? would have given this place 5 stars if the bowling was better. Also the wait for the lanes is a killer.
I've been to a lot of bowling alleys. A few of them have had the stage concept, and most have had the bar concept.  A couple offered restaurants or snack food. But this was the first that combined it ALL and did so with a #1 in each of the above categories! The stage and the seating area is a centerpiece of the venue, not an afterthought. Great new large bowling/concert venue, good value. Some pretty good food too which is not to be overlooked. Whole-house is real crowded around 10pm so arrive earlier if you want to get a lane on a show night. What a fun time I had at this place. For someone not coming from Brooklyn (I spend most of my time in Manhattan) it could use better signage to find it from the subway entrance. But the locals sure know it well and I would like to return again sometime.
For the first time I went to Monday Karaoke Night and it was ridiculous! I wasn't really in the mood to people watch. You will never catch me there for another weird night like that, but maybe for bowling. The venue itself is pristine, the blue ribbon food yummy (but a little pricey) and drinks are well-made. All the bartenders and wait service staff are great.
Everything here is expensive. With that out of the way, it's been host to some of the best times I've had in NYC. They consistently have the best musical acts in the area, and music of all genres too. The food and beer is also very good, just a little pricey for me. Get a few beers in ya before you head over and you'll be fine.
I love Brooklyn Bowl! I only wish it is cheaper. I actually won a 8-people free bowling for 2 hours prize so I picked to come here on DJ Shadow's concert. It totally rocked! We got our private lane to ourselves and we got free shoe rentals as well. The lane is perfectly situated for you to watch the concert without having to squeeze with people who do not reserve a lane. In addition, the food is actually very delicious! We tried their fried chicken, collard green and cob on a stick. All of them are amazing, especially the fried chicken, which is a must try. I would love to come back to enjoy the music, the bowling and some fried chicken!
This place is def new BK as opposed to old school BK. I saw Snoop Dogg there and it was def more of a loungy type vibe. So if you are looking for the more traditional billyburg feel then this place may be a bit too modern for ya. But i liked the layout and concept. The bowling set up is nice with large couches that have a good view of the stage area. The bar is easily accessible and the location is right next to brooklyn brewery which is cool. They do need to get rid of the real  pint glasses during concerts just to keep things safe.  I hope they can continue to get good shows there.
Random night.. There was 5 of us and we had a great time here. I didn't really like that there was a cover charge (especially if you are going to bowl only).. but whatever. There is a fully stocked bar and drinks were not that expensive. The venue is really cool because there are private tables on the sides if you want to get away from all the noise and would like a relatively lit up area... then there is the bar area... then there is a stage area where there are live bands playing all night and a dance floor... or the bowling area. Basically, even if you didn't come here to bowl you will find something to do. It's huge inside and has a very hippy vibe. The service here was great, the waiters are attentive and they bring you your shoes to your lanes. You don't have to awkwardly change in the middle of nowhere and you keep both of your shoes. I don't recall if we ordered food, so I can't comment on that. We did have to wait for lanes and they said that we might not have time to bowl but we did and they were very helpful and friendly and tried to make it possible for us to do what we came there for. You don't pay per person or per game.. it's per every half an hour which works out just fine and even cheaper and easier than paying per game per person. I would definitely come back here again. Had a great unexpected night.
In keeping with my first reviews of concert venues, gotta say who I saw here: Tricky. Priceless Tricky quote as he stands by the bar? "Too much love for one mate." Wow, wow, I loved it here. It's bigger and better than anything I could imagine would even exist in New York. Smart design, lots of cool fun things to do. I cannot wait to come back here when I have a rattail.
If you know me, you know I don't leave Manhattan very often but on occasion I head to Williamsburg for concerts and the second I get off the train, I react the same way "we're there already?" So when my friend said he was having his birthday in BK, I couldn't fight it. We arrived at Brooklyn Bowl around 10pm on Friday night and my friend told me to make sure to reserve some lanes. We went and talked to the woman at the counter who said we were way too late and there was no way we could secure any lanes. My friend tried to argue and explain that it was his birthday but as she said - it's everyone's birthday, there's nothing they could do. We chatted with Biz for a while and were trying to see if there was anything we could do. He said he couldn't make any exceptions but would add our names to the list and call us if something became available. Meanwhile, we were seated at the best table in the place where we ordered food, drinks and had a wonderful time people watching. Really nice waiter, delicious mac-n-cheese and all was great. Hours and hours and hours later (2am) Biz called and said we had a lane, yay Biz! Thank you! We bowled for a bit, and had a blast. I love that there was live music and the vibe of the whole place. Such a variety of people and just overall fun time. I can't wait to go back to Brooklyn Bowl again, wow I can't believe the words "can't wait" and "brooklyn" fell into the same sentence ;)
Can't say enough good things. One of my favorite venues. Great food, beer, music, and sound! I do wish they'd add to or change up the menu a bit though. Everything is great, and maybe it's just because I've been here so much that I'm kinda tired of it. But their "specials" aren't really specials - they've had the same ones for like 2 years now. It'd be nice if they changed that up a bit.
Given that Brooklyn Bowl is in Williamsburg and that it's in an old warehouse, I was really expecting it to be very gritty and full of hipsters.  For better or worse, it turned out to be quite the opposite. It felt like some sort of carefully designed amusement park for young-ish adults, with big screen TVs playing sports, live music, bowling, and a restaurant.  I was surprised at how non-scenester the crowd seemed to be. The folks there definitely weren't yuppies, but they also weren't all wearing grandma glasses and acting cooler than everyone else. I'm probably about 70% hipster, 30% yuppie, and I felt pretty at home. We were there on a Saturday night for the 9PM live show and it was fairly crowded.  We didn't try to bowl and I'd bet that we wouldn't have been able to get a lane if we'd wanted one. I think you have to have the mindset that you'll go to hear some good music, hang out, and bowl if it works out. It sounds like the in-house restaurant is pretty good, but we didn't have the chance to check it out. Anyway, this is a cool place to hang out and worth a trip even if you're not a Williamsburg local.
I came here for a concert in December and left with mixed feelings about the venue.  Located on a quiet Williamsburg street inside a warehouse building, it fits the neighborhood perfectly.  The brick walls, exposed pipes, and industrial furnishings work well and provide a great atmosphere.  Aside from the lounge area by the entrance, the rest of the facility is in the same open space, which is pretty cool.  The performance stage and primarily standing room only audience area is not very large and feels intimate even within the shared space; the live music acoustics were great.  The bowling lanes are right next to the stage but you don't hear it at all.  Food is served up by Blue Ribbon so most definitely a huge step up from the usual bowling lane or bar fare.  Many flat screen televisions all over.  Everything seemed well-maintained and good quality.  The scene was mostly young adults, very diverse crowd. So if I'm so impressed, why the mixed feelings?  Although the live acts they book generally aren't expensive (keep in mind you'll need to pay that fee like a cover charge, whatever it might be, even if you weren't going to see the act), everything else is very expensive.  The wait for a bowling lane is ridiculous.  And its very, very crowded.  While I can somewhat understand the cost in relation to the quality and unique experience offered here, I left thinking that I wouldn't actually like to spend time and money bowling here.  But I'm sure (and as was apparent from my visit) that many many other people feel differently, and I have no other complaints about the venue itself.
Of course I am going to give this place 5 stars! I have made so many good memories here. Good beer, good bowling, good bands, and good food. That is a win. If you go with the knowledge that you are not going to have a cheap night, then you won't be so blown away by how much you spend there. I don't dig the fried chicken. I have been reprimanded by my friends for this, but I just don't like it. It's too spicy... not spicy hot, just too many competing spices for me. Every time I am there I get the deviled eggs with fried oysters on top. I finally got my husband to try them the other night (I've been trying for years) and he agreed upon their awesomeness. You must try them!
Came here with a group of friends to bowl but i never got to bowl. why? FREAKING uas hell thats way. 1, the minute you walk in you are charged $10. TEN DOLLARS to just BE there. then you walk in and see why it is what it is. Theres two bars. There are more than a dozen lanes to bowl. There is a stage with live music. Theres a counter for bowling shoe rentals. and there is great food. Gotta love a place that has every kind of brooklyn lager on tap! It made for a very awesome afternoon! i was very impressed with this place but as of right now, im hoping to win the next Mega Millions so i can spend an evening here without worrying about acquiring more debt.
I really love the warm atmosphere in here; I was feeling the positive vibe. Went here for the ukulele concert with the Beatles songs, which was absolutely fantastic. It didn't get too crowded which was nice. I found it a little curious to see children there too. But it was a fun for the whole family night with the Beatles - c'mon, you gotta let loose a little.
I love fried chicken, and this place makes some amazing chicken. I saw a couple bands play that night, and I can't remember who they were, but I do remember, Fried Chicken!
Let's get the negatives out of the way first: A $5 cover is lame. Especially when you are only there to eat dinner.  Understandable if it's on a weekend, or if there is a show or some other type of event going on. But on a Tuesday night for dinner? Lame. The positives: The food is good.  But you obviously already know that.  I could definitely have gone for more collard greens and mashed potatoes with my fried chicken dinner (sides were kind of skimpy), but hey, I was already eating 4 giant pieces of fried chicken.  If I ate any more sides, they'd probably have to roll me on down the bowling lane. Also, the happy hour $4 draft beer is awesome.
fried chicken with toast and honey = HEAVEN. it helps that i love dipping my salty chicken drumstick into ooey gooey, dripping honey. i'm salivating thinking about this. the fried chicken platter is definitely overpriced (that's blue ribbon for you). the bowling is overpriced too (don't do it unless you're joining the league or someone else is paying for you)
The food was amazing.  I had the Mac & cheese and it was the best ever. The waiter (male with a dark hair side swipe hair do) was terrible .  My friend is active military and he received no help or empathy for his hard done over seas. Instead he was told he was drunk and thus not allowed to order all night. Once at the alley and younger more immature crowd invaded our lanes after again harassing our military for "not having bowling shoes on" when instead he wore reebok bowling shoes. Again the food well worth it. The experience and service very "hipster." I don't care I am not a hipster. In fact far from that lifestyle.
Cant say much about the bowling here, as I've only thrown one or two balls down a lane since this place opened. That being said, I've been here at least 50+ times since the opening last year. More often than not, the music here is top notch. Concerts with a famous act will sell out quickly, because the capacity is somewhere around 500 people...however most acts will not sell out until a few days before the show, and tickets to most concerts are reasonably priced compared to other venues. Sight lines throughout the venue are terrific (except if you're looking to eat at the bar, there's an obstruction blocking the stage, but you can always look on one of the projection screens for a crystal clear shot of the music). The sound is also phenomenal, whether you're in the back by the bar, or up front at the stage (where I usually am) . Food here is also top notch. I recommend the rock and roll fries, their meatloaf sandwich, mac and cheese, any of the french bread pizzas, and their bourbon street shake (with extra bourbon). Prices for the portions are on point, in fact I think the portion size is more than worth whatever the meal costs, given the food quality. I'm also a huge fan of their beers on tap. They are right next to Brooklyn Brewery, so their beers are basically as fresh as you can get outside of the brewery. The venue offers Brooklyn BLAST on tap, which is an IPA that has somewhere around 9% of alcohol. 2 or 3 of these will make for a great night. Count It. I could try to go more into the other beers offered, but its been so long since I've had anything else, BLAST is just that good. I think the staff is friendly. Never had a problem with them. If you're driving in, there is always parking in the area. Taking a train to Bedford is easy enough, and the walk from the station takes less than 10 minutes - but a word of caution, the L train latenight is extremely unreliable. Luckily, there are plenty of cabs in the area.
This place is a great venue! And they have great Blue Ribbon fried chicken with collard greens. The band area is great, it's a big open space where you can stand as close and as far away as you want. I checked out the Donovan Frankenreiter show. I haven't tried the bowling out yet, but this is definitely a cool place to hang.
Food was awesome. Service. Terrible. Apparently can care less about uniformed service members. Unforgivable.
I am usually extremely wordy with my reviews but I'm thinking the best justice I can do for the fried chicken at Brooklyn Bowl is to simply tell you to go get some. NOW. Smother it in honey and share it with your best friends. You're welcome! PS.  If you can get the fried chicken on a night when a band like the Pietasters are playing there... well, it just doesn't get any better!
This is one of those landmark type places that you have to visit at least once. We saw a great band here for only $5 cover charge. I did feel a bit old here (I am in my late thirties) but the crowd was polite and cool. Brooklyn Brewery beers are on tap. I loved "The Theresa", a mushroom, garlic and butternut squash french bread pizza. Yummy!
Came here last night to see Talib Kweli for the 2nd time. I saw him back in Minneapolis 2 years ago and every chance I get I'm going to see him perform. He's great. Back to BK Bowl, this was my second time here. The first was to see ?uestlove on the 1's and 2's. Had a great time that evening and I did last night. I went with a friend her two pals, one visiting from LA. Since their attempt to see the Talib Kweli the previous night failed due to one of the people my friend was with was bitten by a dog enroute to BK Bowl. A BK bowl manager decided to let us all in for free last night since they didn't attend the previous night. My friend was wondering why we didn't have to pay. I said ask no questions and lets enjoy the show and that's exactly what we did. I love how big the building is. The bathrooms were clean the dance floor is huge. There a million bowling lanes. I love how the lanes are separated from the dance floor. So you could just come to bowl and be in another world. If you're there for a concert and the dance floor fills up and you're not able to see the stage or you're too short to see, there are monitors placed on the wall for a closer view of the artist.   I didn't get any drinks or food so I can't comment on that. I was bit disappointed coat check was full but meh. This place throws great events. I'd definitely recommend catching an event there or simply going any night Questlove is spinning. Good music, great space.
I thought I wrote a review for this place. Silly me. I came here to celebrate my birthday and I invited a couple of friends. I remember I came here on a Thursday night because that's when ?uestlove (of The Roots) is deejaying Brooklyn Bowl's "Bowl Train". He plays classic hip hop, r&b, etc and the music was ok. I remembered it could have been better. There were times when I wanted to dance but couldn't because some of the songs were lame. Anyways, I think I paid about $6 to get in. It wasn't much. The staff here is friendly and what I like about this bowling alley is they also have an eat in restaurant. And while you're bowling, they have waitstaff come to you and take your order. Bowling here is a big pricey. Brooklyn Bowl has a restaurant, bar, dance floor and bowling alley. Not bad. Will come here again.
Awesome venue.  Go check it out.  Quest love spins on thursday nights!
I love Brooklyn Bowl on a Thursday for Soul Train featuring ?uestlove! He plays jams that I swear only my mom and I know about. Of course it is in Brooklyn so it is usually filled with pretentious hipsters, who have no idea what it truly means to be a hipster.  I don't really pay them any attention because I am there to have a good time.   Their BBQ wings are what chicken dreams are made of and more.  I absolutely must get me some every time I visit there. And I suggest you do the same if you love chicken.
They've got bowling, they've go beer and they've got hipsters. Of the Bedford Avenue stop, this is in the middle of Hipster-central, which might be just fine if it's your scene. Brooklyn Bowl is in th middle of nowhere...not the kind of place you want to leave alone on a Saturday night (and walk back to the train station which is several blocks away). However, once inside, this place is pretty nice. The place is split into four areas: the bowling lanes, the bar, the dining area and the music/dancing area. Pretty huge dance floor and over a dozen or so lanes. They've got standard fare like burgers, sandwiches, wings and fried chicken and all of your favorite beers (Pabst, Pabst and Pabst). I didn't really get anything while I was here because of the outrageous prices, plus I was here for a birthday party and after buying a gift I didn't feel like splurging extra on food/drinks. They sell socks if you forget yours at home ($3) and their bathrooms are really clean! Also, they seem to have great live entertainment. Quest Love was dj-ing while we were there. The music is really really loud, so don't plan on holding an intelligent conversation...just drink, dance and bowl! Also, be prepared to pay a cover charge.
Another gem from Williamsberg, Brooklyn. Bowling with live concerts all in one, and when I say live concerts I actually mean a proper big-ass stage, a floor with lots of space to dance plus tables to eat and drink. Not to mention a full restaurant section and a couple of other bars... Yes, this place is huge and it's wonderful. I'm not a professional bowler but I was fully satisfied with my bowling experience too, and the food is almost on gastropub standards (those fries...). Wide selection of drinks, too. Definitely worth a check for live concerts - their acts are top class.
This is one of my favourite places in Williamsburg... make that Brooklyn... make that New York! I love to bring big groups here - to eat, bowl, watch/dance away to great bands/music! This place has it all and it doesn't skimp out on any of them. Always a good line up. It's a shame you can't pre-book lanes for parties etc. I love the chicken muffuletta here!!
Not being one of those enthralled with the prospect of Billyburg, much less on a rainy Thursday evening, my expectations were appropriately managed for my first visit to BB. That being said, I had a v positive experience and anticipate speaking of it fondly to others. Our party of 10 snagged a lane at 6h30 without any trouble and service brought out quickly several plates of fried chicken, fries, and the classic french bread pizza (tomato, mozz, basil) - all yummy and good to split. Drinks were ordered and were on the tamer side. Music was tentative until about a quarter of 9 when the band came on (?uestlove had unfortunately cancelled hit set that evening) and then it became a scream (literally) to communicate to others in our group. For bowling and eats, this is the place. Not sure if the music is a primary draw, but it seemed so for a handful of others. The overall vibe is very Brooklyn, v hipster. Since there's beer and bowling and skinny jeans, everything makes sense. I would happily return if the circumstances presented themselves again. Given others' experience with long lines and watered down drinks, I think some heavy handed planning on my group largely contributed to its success.
We were there for the Less Than Jake Show and decided to eat too. The Egg Shooters were reportedly a little heavy on the mayo (not my thing) but the Fried Chicken with Collard Greens and Mashed Potatoes was better than great, almost got stabbed by a table mate getting a second helping of Macaroni and Cheese. All were a little on the salty side. It helped to wash it down with a Bourbon St Shake with Nutella and the extra shot of Bourbon THANK  YOU SIR MAY I HAVE ANOTHER!  Then mix in some dancing for a woo hoo evening, thanks Brooklyn Bowl!
Awesome place that lives up to the other reviews I read on here. Went on a Saturday night and they had a show going on so it was a 7 dollar cover charge which is cool because the live music was awesome. Bowling was simple and straight forward. 25$ for a half hour and they have the time on the top of the screen so you can keep track. Service was excellent. The waitress was always around asking for drink orders and food orders. Beer was good. Only got dessert which was the chocolate chip bread pudding which was pretty good. May try food on the next time around. Huge dance floor and people where not afraid to strut there stuff lol. It's establishments like this that make me love Brooklyn a little more every visit!
This review is based on just a meal there.  I was there with some friends before seeing Fleet Foxes at the waterfront, and we stopped in for some beers and dinner. The space itself is very cool.  If I lived closer, I would definitely want to attend some shows there.  I had a burger and fries.  It was good, and that was about it.  Nothing really stands out being too great about it.  Slightly overpriced in my opinion, but I'm used to Mid-West prices.  Also, a nice selection of Brooklyn Brewery beers on tap.
Was here for Soulive last year and it was an awesome show in a cool space.  It's large and spacious, so even with a lot of people, you don't feel crammed in there.  Has different rooms, so you can easily get some air/space if you need to.  Good concert venue.
My favorite bar in New York. This place rocks, it really has something for everybody. The set up is very cool. There is a restaurant (with actually good food for a bowling alley, Mac and cheese!!!!) there is a  huge bar, dance floor, concert venue, and of course, a bowling alley. Go on Thursday nights for Quest Love, it's always a blast. I highly recommend!
LOVE this place! I came here recently on a trip to NY with my hubby and some of my cousins!  We had an AWESOME time!  We did come on a Tuesday night, but it was still pretty packed!  There were some rock type bands playing, and they were pretty decent!! The music was a big loud, but our lane was right by the stage. Depending how many people you had, it could potentially be pricey.  For a Tuesday night it was $20 per lane/per 1/2 hour (on weekends it $25 per half hour) and you can have up to 8 people on a lane...shoe rental is about $5.  We had 7 people in our group, played for an hour and half, shoes, chicken wings, fries, a pitcher of margarita and 4 drinks came to $257-which included gratuity...a bit pricey, but we had a blast! The only thing that turned me off was the EXTREMELY rude female bartender who was snooty with me when I asked if she could recommend a sweet martini for me..."You mean a mixed drink in a martini glass, why don't you just get a mixed drink?" OK whatever, chill! I just want to get a martini and bowl...it's NOT THAT SERIOUS!!! I ended up getting a beer :) Other then her rudeness, the place was pretty awesome overall. The fried chicken was DELISH!! and the margaritas were pretty solid as well!   There was no cover, but again it was a Tuesday evening.  Not sure how it would rate on the weekend, but we had a blast!! I would definately go back next time im in NYC!
Could be the best fried chicken north of the Mason Dixon line!!!!!!
Great place for Bowling.  Love that they have Blue ribbon there.  Been there for bowling and a few shows.  The acoustics have been great considering that it is a bowling alley!  Love the beer selection.   One complaint.  I don't like having my hand stamped period.  If I request that it be done on the inside and not on top of my hand what's the big deal?  I don't feel like walking around all day with a black stamp.
Despite the name, a bowling mecca, this place is not. That said, if you want to do some pins-on-a-string bowling while eating awesome fried chicken and drinking some pitchers of Brooklyn Lager, then this is the place to be. The "dance" floor is huge, but the bar in the back is not. If there's any sort of liquor promotion going on, factor in 15 minutes per drink. I haven't had to deal with the rules as much as everyone else seems to have, but then again I'm a bit of a badass and don't bow down to The Man.
This place is legit. Like country meets bowling meets rock concert meets a great restaurant, all this place is missing is a casino. A great place to watch a favorite artist perform or bowl a few rounds with friends. It's also just around the corner from the Brooklyn Brewery so you can stay entertained all day. There is a cover charge at night, so make sure you get in early!
This place was cool. I am not a huge fan of walking through the thousand cigarette smokers standing right outside of the entrance and the $15 fee just to get into the place but I have been wanting to go to see what all the hype is about. This looks like an old factory so the building is gorgeous with all the brick and there is SO much space so it doesn't get overly hot even with a large crowd. My friend and I went around 8:30p on a Saturday night for a low key night and the place was packed! Definately hipster central, which was cool, the people there were nice. However the wait for bowling was "several hours" and the wait to eat at the restaurant was an hour and a half, so the other optoin was to go to the bar and drink, not bad. I liked the selection of beer they had. I tried the lager, which was good and my friend had the pilsner which was good as well. The band was good. Not the type of music I would normally listen to, but it was enjoyable and of good quality. We waited the entire hour and a half to be seated at the corner of the bar but I was pleasantly surpised to see that the menu was southern. Nothing like some good comfort food. To start, I had the Rock-n-Roll fries (fries with cheese, gravy and other gooness all over it) and it was SO GOOD!! I want more just thinking about it. My friend and I both ordered the chicken dinners that come with the collard greens, potatoes and bread and honey. I had the mixed and she had the white. The chicken was moist and tasty but I have had more flavorful fried chicken (in Alphabet City...as soon as i remember the place, i am posting a review). The greens, with ham, was REALLY salty but when mixed with the potatoes, they were good. Overall the meal was enjoyable and the service was good. I would for sure book a party next time I go so we can bowl. The lanes looked really cool.
Came here for Bowlive over the weekend and had a great time. the food was surprisingly awesome, fried chicken was fresh, crunchy, and well spiced and the rock'n'roll fries were PERFECTTTT.  i housed them! almost choked.  the fries were thin, crunchy, well-seasoned, and had great balance of sauce and cheese.  i was so happy... the atmosphere is fun, the place is huge and diverse.  think it would be great for a party.  good music, good set-up, laid back/ unpretentious crowd. my only complaint and reason for not giving this 5 stars was the line situation.  We got there at 8:25pm on Sat and had to wait in line for almost an hour.  the will call/ guest list line was short or empty the whole time we waited so really, the wait was unnecessary and frustrating.  bouncers just chilled and it felt like they just let you in whenever the hell they felt like it.  wouldn't mind so much if it wasn't cold! also, coat check was full by the time we got in (about 9:30pm).  really?!?!? i thought the prices were reasonable- cover of $15 when there's a big name live band is not bad at all.  it's also worth noting the only beer they have is brooklyn.  so don't try to order a corona with tabasco sauce like i did! even though i hate bowling, i will be back.  and i will have more fries.
What can I not say about this place.  its AMAZING!! the staff is friendly the beer selection is small but brewed around the corner....actually around the corner. The crowd are approachable and social. The food is great too must try the MAC n CHEESE. The concerts are entertaining also
I came here for the first time the other weekend to see a Phish cover band for my friend's birthday. Lots of hipsters who thought dancing was too mainstream. I don't like to drink beer, so I can't really comment on their selection. But the house rum punch is delicious and full of pulp! Can't go wrong with their margaritas, either. They have a sit-down restaurant area, as well. The fried chicken, hummus, and sandwiches are great. Restrooms are clean and have a swanky, lounge-like annex. I would definitely come back again!
The real appeal of Brooklyn Bowl is the combo of good food, good drinks, and good music with bowling. Any of those items alone would make for a 3-star venue, but together it's really something special. I've probably been here half a dozen times, and it's always a blast. It's not perfect- the acoustics aren't awesome and it's pretty expensive, but it makes for a super fun night out. One of the biggest draws for the venue is their ability to get lots of great live acts on a regular basis. The shows tend towards the jam/rock spectrum but they get a little bit of everything here, with a strong local flavor. Every year they book Soulive for a 2-week residency with tons of high-profile guest musicians and singers. The food is all Blue Ribbon. Highlights include egg shooters, mac & cheese, rock n' roll fries, and the chicken wings/fried chicken. Beer is the Brooklyn Brewery line, which conveniently brews right next door to the venue. Lanes are $50/hr but if you've got a big group it's not a bad deal. Seriously, where else in the world are you going to watch great live music from your leather couch at the end of your bowling lane, while getting delicious munchies and local beer delivered right to your table? What's not to love?
Great spot. Always lots of new  under rated talent performing here. I have not had the food. I have not bowled, but looks fun. I hear its pricey and usually a nice wait to bowl.  The music is  very very loud. I think the sound people need to have their ears checked. Lucky they give out ear plugs. Yes Im that guy at a show with ear plugs. I will also be that guy that can hear when Im eighty. My only gripe would be the volume. Strap on a plaid shirt and some skinny jeans and hit the L train for this treasure in BK.
Fist ?estlove live party on Thursday.  Really enjoyed the music and the laid-back atmosphere. This is a place is trying to be so many things at once (restaurant/ dive bar/ bowling alley/ club)  but somehow it kinda works. I was disappointing with the quality of the  Blue Ribbon food and simplistic menu. Didn't find the fried chicken amazing and worth that money. The smoked wings were more enjoyable. As was the Bourbon milkshake, which i had twice.
I'm sure there are places like this located elsewhere around the country.  I'm also pretty sure there had to be another incarnation of this type of place in New York, you know, before "Brooklyn Bowl" really became "Brooklyn Bowl."  A bowling alley that hosts live music and has a bar - not exactly the most creative idea, but Brooklyn Bowl is quite infectious and fun despite its lack of originality.  This place basically took the concept of your basic small town bowling alley, added a bunch of Hipsters, a larger concert stage, and a full bar.  There is a weird carnival vibe thing going on, as well.   Brooklyn Bowl is definitely an awesome spot, no doubt about it, and I enjoyed my night there.  They have good beer on tap (Brooklyn Blast was awesome) and the mixed drinks were decent.  We didn't try any of the food and we didn't actually bowl either.  Looks like prices are insanely high for use of one of the lanes but I guess hipsters can afford it.  I suppose I'll be sticking to my small town bowling alley if I want to try for my first perfect game.   Side note - we found parking with ease and access to the BQE is not far.
so this review is from a LA perspective (definitely not NEPA...#insidejoke) so what do three guys from Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and Brooklyn decide to do  in the prime time of their life decide to do on a Saturday night? BOWL!!!! so when my friend suggested this place, I thought this was going to be lucky strikes x hipsters. I guess this description would probably be still the way I would describe it to LA people but its definitely got some interesting things specific to this place that I have not seen elsewhere. first, the stage that the building has is quite interesting and allows indie bands to perform. us three guys listened to the first band, which was mediocre in our opinion. but then this girl and her band called Haerts came on (who was coming home to Brooklyn) and played this amazing show. I'm not one to go to an indie band concert, but she was good. I would be on the lookout because us three agreed she might make it mainstream (and break all the hipster hearts out there....haha). anyways, we wanted to bowl on a saturday night. so they basically made us put down our cell # and stated they would call when we were able to bowl. so we got some beer, and chatted about our lives. I don't remember much of the convo since I was tired and had a headache but they had a really cool video screen system which I watched some cool visual effects. once we had enough of that, we decided to get our grub on. the food was good. I recommend the pizza. definitely pricey but what the heck, it's nyc. we probably got a lane after 1.5 hours is my guess. service was pretty good for the most part. they made transfering our food from the bar to the lane pretty sweet. each lane has a couch and you have a personal server if you want food or drinks. the lanes were no different that anywhere else and the pins started glowing at around midnight I think. It was 30 bucks for every half hour, regardless of how big your party was and shoes were extra ( don't remember how much). anyways, what made the night interesting was probably the people. I would guess that the majority of the people were 21-35. there were definitely a lot young people there. some people looked maybe even like high schoolers. I dont think there was a dress code but some girls did come to dress to impress the guys in the bowling alley, which I always find funny at a bowling alley (not the first time I've laughed about this but I guess thats how it goes with these upscale bowling places). I think the most amusing part of our night was this random young girl that came up to us and just chatted with us the whole time. at first we suspected it was just another girl trying to fish a drink from us but she continued to hang around after we bought her a drink and even came up to our bowling lane. I'm not entirely sure if she was hitting on my friend but nothing else really made sense why she kept talking to us. but anyways, the three gentlemen that we are, didn't really say much to this odd girl and she didn't give us any trouble. maybe that's the typical night in brooklyn? I have no idea. everyone seemed game for fun and I didn't see any real shady people....just a lot of rich hipsters. one thing I would mention is be careful if you drink and have to go to the restroom. the staircase to the restroom is pretty steep when your coordination is impaired. anyways, I think we collectively dropped about more than a hundred fifty dollars for drinks, bowling for a hour, food, etc, etc. I would probably come back again with friends if they suggested it. note: we had to pay a cover charge to just walk into the place (20 bucks each), which I did not include in the price that I mentioned above so definitely expect to throw some dough down if you want to bowl.
I know my experience wasn't typical but I had a great time at Brooklyn Bowl. Went on a Thursday night around 8ish for dinner and drinks. There was a wait for a table so we sat at the bar and ordered. On a recommendation from the waitress I got the chicken & pancakes. You should try it. Blue Ribbon chicken was hella good. It was all hella good. They've got a good selection of beers on tap. It started getting crowded, then we found out that ?uest Love of the Roots was DJing later that night so we stayed to check it out. We didn't stay for the entire show but what I saw was great. Mixed hipster crowd. This is an adults playground.  Good food, good beer, great music & good times! I read that some ppl had to pay a cover, but for whatever reason we didn't. Had I been charged a cover, it would have been totally worth it.
I had a blast here this past Thursday. I love classy looking bowling alleys; dives are cool and all, but I enjoy the fun drinks, couches, and above average food at the higher end bowling alleys. With that said, I didn't actually bowl, we were only there to catch Questlove doing his Thursday night DJ thing. Great crowd, tons of dancing, and just an overall fun night. Although note to self, next time don't try to dance in Old Navy flip flops. Drinks were really reasonably priced and well made. The folks at the bar moved efficiently and quickly throughout the whole night and there was never a long wait for a refill.
Great place to bowl eat drink and dance! All around great atmosphere and good time!
Massive. You can't help but wince at the sheer scale and corporate gleam of this place.  Restaurant/bar/bowling alley/music venue.. The grit of Williamsburg (what's left of it) seems to stop at the door.  Scenester and yuppie-ish partygoers flood into here like a gentrifying horde of (thirsty) undead. There's plenty of lanes, plush leather couches and live music. Oddly, the pins are on strings, which apparently irks some connoisseurs. It's a playground of sorts for the area's aging, post-college masses looking to indulge.  And indulge they do..
I finally just went to Brooklyn Bowl a week or so ago for the free Hospitality show. Given the beer and food selections, my friends couldn't believe I hadn't visited before.  Having been to just about every other bar and venue in the neighborhood and no stranger to Williamsburg, I was surprised at myself, especially when I stepped inside and saw what it had to offer. The setup is massive yet a bit odd, as I'm not sure how many bowling alleys-concert venues really exist. The main area is split, with the stage to the left and the bowling to the right. There are two bars to accommodate both bowlers and show-goers, offering mixed drinks and local beer from Brooklyn, Kelso, and Sixpoint. We grabbed beers and snagged a seat at a communal table in the stage area. As others have mentioned, the acoustics and the sound aren't the best, but for a free show, who could complain? And while the bowlers were to our right, we weren't the least bit bothered or distracted by the alley sounds. A waitress hovered in the area to take food orders, but we only drank (beer can be a fine dinner!).   Overall, I was very happy with my visit and would return again to see a show. It's easily accessible by car or by train and there are plenty of other options close by should you desire something different after awhile. The bartenders were very nice and despite there being a show, we had no problems getting drinks. My only complaints are that the food options looked tasty, but a bit overpriced for glorified bar food (yes, I know it's local, Blue Ribbon, etc etc)., and it is not cheap to bowl either. But, Brooklyn isn't cheap these days, so I guess that's to be expected at a place like this.
Blue Ribbon fried chicken, bowling, live music, good friends, pitchers of great beer. Yes, Yes, OH YES! I love this place. Its full of hipsters, and the more I think about it the more I realize that I may be one as well. If you can't beat em, join em at BK Bowl. They're all there, for good reason.
Wow Amazing !Went on Monday to celebrate my friend birthday,it was our first time. This place is huge, live music(bands), bar,etc! We loved it, best experience . All the staff were very attentive, warm welcomed us.  The good thing we felt very comfortable, from the start to the very end. We order a lot of appetizers, very delicious. I love the classic pizza yumm. Highly recommend this place to have a good time with friends. Entrance was $10 , so worth it.
While it's a good venue, you should expect to pay for certain nights, even if you don't want to see a show. Then again, the cover on a Thursday was just $12. Inside, there's a fun carnival theme that decorates the place. On tap, they're right around the corner from Brooklyn Brewery, so try something seasonal that you might not otherwise be able to find. The Blue Ribbon fried chicken on the menu is highly recommended. There's also a bowling alley, though personally I would rather shove my money into drinks instead. However, it is annoying if you have friends bowling and you aren't. You need a wristband for a certain lane in order to get to the bowling area. You can enter to Hi, Bye, for a word, nothing. No wristband, no entry to bowling area.
great spot to come with a group of people. Great food, great Atmosphere. Killer fried Chicken and get the Egg shooters.
Rules rules rules. These hipsters love rules. Check in here, drink a drink at this bar, order food at that bar, don't order a drink at this bar.   An interesting idea mixing a music venue, restaurant, and bowling alley and it can be sort of fun - but its way too structured, feels like you're in disney world or something. 2-3 stars.  Don't go out of your way to try it out.
I'm not a big bowler.  I find it to be kind of boring after one game, and generally bowling alley bars just plain old suck...but not this place!  Brooklyn Bowl is awesome for several reasons, and I will tell you why!   1. It is attached to the Brooklyn Brewery.  They have basically every Brooklyn beer on tap, so if you are like  me and love Brooklyn beer this is just amazing in itself. 2. It's dark and cool and just a more hip version of any bowling alley you ever went to as a child. 3. It also doubles as a concert venue.  I saw Blues Traveler here last week and had so much fun! And there you have it folks.
This review is on the restaurant only. For months prior to my dinner date there, my friends raved about the famous Blue Ribbon fried chicken like it was a gift from God. Needless to say, I was more than excited to take a bite of out that baby. I can't tell you if the kitchen was having an off-night or if my tolerance for Cajun spice is uncommonly low, but my serving of chicken was TOO SALTY. Please simmer down with the paprika, cayenne, and sea salt. At the end, I resorted to removing the skin and getting right to the fleshy part. You don't know me, but, had you known me, you'd see that the idea of my eating fried chicken without the skin was outright blasphemy. If you want good chicken, walk a few blocks down to Pies N' Thighs.
Only one stop away from Manhattan on the L-line and you have landed in what appears to be a bar/music/bowling/food venue in Austin, Texas.  This place is awesome.  Located in an old warehouse, Brooklyn Bowl is just a wonderful space where you can listen to some live music whether you are standing near the band, bowling on one of the 16 bowling alleys, or eating at their delicious Blue Ribbon restaurant.  There is really nothing like Brooklyn Bowl. Check out the music schedule before you go and prepay online or pay at the door (but it's cash only).  Shows are $10-$15 - pretty affordable! Make sure you eat here - especially have the fried chicken.  Featured on Food Networks "The Best Thing I Ever Ate", 8 pieces of fried chicken is enough for two! Made with matzoah meal, this fried chicken is out-of-this-world delicious! This is not a place to be missed.
I've been here twice now. Two nights ago was my second time...CMJ is goin' on and the show was free...and awesome. I mean, it's a bowling alley music venue bar. Something has to tickle your fancy. And when you drink, anything will tickle your fancy. I've never bowled, only eaten, drink and listened. It's not just bands playing in a corner, it's a full out stage with good acoustics and sight lines. You can enjoy the music all the way from the bar or under the chin of the bassist. Your pick. It's a full bar,  not just beer and the food is good just like the service. But yeah, if you like music, bowling, drinking, eating or walking up huge flights of stairs to use the bathroom, check this place out!
First of all you cannot make any reservations, so when we came we end up waiting for about 2 hours. Then when we go tto the lane, we found out that the table is shared with another party, so every five minutes waitress would come over to emind us to stay on our part fo the table. Pretty ridiculous arrangement. They should probably separate the table to make sure parties are not "envading" each other's space and the staff does not end up bothering us. Definitely would check another bowling spot before going back there. But beer is good! And with good company you might not notice all the down sides.
I wasn't really sure what to expect from Brooklyn Bowl...concert venue + bowling alley? I arrived and discovered they also have a restaurant (apparently they are known for good fried chicken) and they carry Brooklyn Brewery beer- it's like right across the street so that make sense. My friend insisted I try the Brooklyn Blast beer and it was fantastic, a very delicious IPA. There were some weird guys hanging around the bar, but it's Brooklyn so whatever. Also, the ladies restroom had a little lounge with windows that overlooks the restaurant area, which was cool. It had some comfy couches, so it was a nice place to freshen up. It was a fun experience though I think would be a bit expensive to go frequently (there was also a $10 cover, it was a Saturday evening after the headliner band performed).
The bad reviews are silly given how unique this place is. Huge space, great design, friendly service, high quality restaurant in Blue Ribbon, great beers from Brooklyn Brewery, bowling lanes and most importantly great music - live or from a DJ. We saw Red Baraat here who were phenomenal. Had a margarita, The Blast beer and Winter Ale. Both great. Ordered fried chicken and macaroni and cheese. SO GOOD - although pretty salty. They played the Knicks game and the Nets game. The people there were all good looking and fun. After Red Baraat they started to play some serious house - which sounded great on their system. Fantastic place - highly recommended and unique. If you are a regular - ok - maybe you are jaded. That said - nothing like it in the other Burroughs or even Brooklyn. Well done! On gripe - the coat check line was awful.
Prob the best bowling alley i've ever been to. It's really busy on weekend nights. We were there and had to wait 3 hours for a bowling alley on saturday night at 8pm. There was DJ, playing all types of music, a bar, and serves food as well. Only 21 and over during weekend nights.
Awesome venue! I can here for a friend's birthday to see one of her favorite hometown hip hop acts. Not knowing much about Brooklyn Bowl before going there, I found the venue to be really fun and different from your usual music venue. Brooklyn Bowl combines live music, 16 lanes of bowling, restaurant dining, and a chill bar experience. The stage and dance floor are pretty spacious considering how many different venues are in one space. The bar has a great beer selection and decent prices. I think this is a cool and different concept and it is executed well. Brooklyn Bowl is also very accessible from Manhattan, being off the Bedford L stop. Great vibe and atmosphere, as well.
I visited Brooklyn bowl last night with a friend for the premiere of Brooklyn nine nine. Normally I hate going to Williamsburg but this place is so great that I will definitely be back. I didn't bowl but hung out at the bar and I really enjoyed myself. They had good music playing, the crowd was mostly around my age and the vibe in the room was really fun. It was lively without being crowded. I was able to find a place to hang out with my friend and chat. The bathroom is really cool too, it's like a maze and they have a few mirrors including full length mirrors. The only drink we had was the free drink we got for attending the show premiere. I had a glass of house white wine which was pretty good, I think it was reisling. They gave us the wine in real wine glasses!! Very cool! I would love to go to a concert here...they have a pretty big dance floor.
Love the decor. Large space with a big screen by the bar. Came on a Friday night, so there was a band - can't remember their name, but they sounded an awful lot like Death Cab for Cutie, which is a plus in my book - but I didn't actually get to bowl because our names never got called off the waitlist before I had to leave. :\ Good food - had the burger, but one of my friends had a fancy chicken panini type sandwich, a lot fancier than I would have expected for a bowling alley. Could have used more tables, but I guess they had to make room for the people who came to watch the band. Definitely want to try the bowling next time :)
Went here for a ?uestlove party on Thursday, we bought two $5 online tickets thinking we'd get a deal off the 8 at the door..nope, the online ticket price came to $15 anyways Whatever the case, it was well worth it. ?uestlove had the party rocking with great music all night for. If not for the fire in the beginning that delayed him an hour, my fun level would be a 20, on a scale of 1-10 Theonly downside was the food expense. Hamburger! that food was costly. We bought, what would be appetizers anywhere else, but the bill came to over $120. The food was good though, and came in humongous proportions. Ppl say the fried chicken is the highlight...nah man, it's all about those smoked wings
Step two of magical birthday mystery tour was a trip to Brooklyn Bowl for Art Brut which made me literally jump up and down and squeal. If you know me, then you can see how ridiculous that is. Art Brut puts on a five star live show every damn time and we were front and center and it was oooooo so good. If this was a review of that alone I would be like "Best! Thing! Ever!" Renewed my love for rock and roll, it did. Brooklyn Bowl itself has a whole lot going for it. The overall impression is a resounding "Wow! They put a lot of thought into this!" For example, the use of old carnival game pieces for decoration is an adorable touch, and the nice leather couches scattered around are also appealing. The draft beers are all local, too, which is cute. The thing is, would I ever wait 2 hours to pay $40/hour for bowling? Nope, I definitely wouldn't. I guess once you get a good group that price seems less outrageous, but at the time I just couldn't handle that idea. And they do have happy hours with free bowling sometimes, so... can't argue with that. Overall a good addition to the Williamsburg area, and an excellent live music venue.
ah bowling. nothing like strapping on somebody elses hard stank filled shoes and rolling heavy shit at other, less heavy shit. brooklyn bowl, while it has bowling lanes, is unlike its name might suggest. a great venue to see a show, felt intimate without being too close to my neighbors. dark, sexy decor, sort of reminded me of a saloon, or something similar. it seems that they have decent ticket prices,( i saw a show for 5 bucks!) ALSO according to their website, they are the first LEED certified bowling alley, which is fairly rad.
Good food. Expect loud music. I had the burger with the works, definitely worth the extra couple of bucks. Staff was friendly and quick. Had the brownie for dessert, it's very large!
We decided to join the crowds and watch the USA v Ghana heartbreaker here. It was the best setup I have seen so far, except for one thing, the DJ kept playing annoying sounds whenever the US did something wrong, etc. I am seriously considering putting a hit out on this douche, he has no understanding of the game of soccer or the fervor that was unleashed by out run into the knockout stages, I blame him single handedly for the loss, and will figure out how to repay him, hopefully with the chance to kick him in his assface. Beyond that, FOOD = AWESOME, $11 PITCHERS = PROBLEMS, GETTING WASTED BY 5pm and CRYING = PRICELESS
Brooklyn Bowl is an amusement park for 'adults'. Bowling, drinks and fatty southern food are the draws. You'll be tempted and probably will attempt to try all 3 BUT, you can only do 2 of 3 sucessfully. It is enjoyable but nearly impossible to complete the fried chicken, pitcher of beer and bowling trifecta. Plan to nap after leaving Brooklyn Bowl.
Decent space in a weird area....desolate.  The space is huge and looks like it would be fun to go bowling there.  Bar staff was nice and attentive.  We went to see a GNR cover band....the area where the band was playing had little seating.  There could be way more seating...the area definitely has room for it.  The music was WAY too loud...like deafening and most of the people were sticking their fingers in their ears.  The crowd seemed a little sketchy.  Went to the bathroom on the way out and saw lots of drug use in the girls bathroom and saw a man slip his friend coke in the hallway outside of the bathroom..not my scene but I guess that's why I don't nor ever will live in Williamsburg.
Bowling alley + Concert + Bar + Great Time = Brooklyn Bowl If I were to ever own a venue, I would want to own Brooklyn Bowl.  Almost a direct excerpt from an Urban Daddy article.  The spot was really cool.  Although all different elements, the bowling, live band, and bar seemed to mesh together perfectly.  Dope spot and great management.  I would definitely recommend everyone to peep this spot.
I enjoy this place more than Gutter. Here's why. While Gutter gives you the dive bar - dimly lit, grimier, bowling alley experience, Brooklyn Bowl, gives you shiny, giant screen TVs, a fully equipped restaurant and wait staff and is a complete music venue. Compared to Gutter, BB is a palace. Honestly, I'm surprised I prefer this place, because of it's new school bigness, but it just seems more well run and put together compared with Gutter. That being said, it is WAY more expensive than Gutter - but you are paying for a supreme experience.
Music, bowling, drinks, good food, what more could you ask for?  Brooklyn Bowl has become may favorite place to see a show in the city.  Love getting in a few games of bowling, eating some good food, having a few cocktails and checking out some great music. I've had the fried chicken and the mufaletta here.  The fried chicken is good if not spectacular and the chicken mufaletta was very interesting and delicious.  But really I come here to bowl and see music.  The set up is great, and i love being able to see the bands from the bowling area and having that raised area to hang out in after finishing bowling.  Can't wait for the next show there.
I'm not quite sure if it's appropriate to give 5 stars to a bowling alley when I haven't bowled, eaten, or had a drink there, but egads this is an excellent venue.  Given that I'm off the alcohol for the foreseeable future and I don't feel comfortable bowling when I'm starting to look like I'm smuggling a bowling ball in my top, I don't see myself gaining that much familiarity with the other components of Brooklyn Bowl anytime soon.  So they can stay at 4 stars for now--but please consider those an emphatic and enthusiastic 4 stars. The show was excellent, the projection screen was an interesting and entertaining touch in such a small space, and the bouncer and doorperson were delightful.  I even managed to snag a seat on the cushy couch at the back of the pit so I wouldn't get jostled around and could stay off my feet during the show, and the stage was elevated enough that I still had a good view. So, yes.  Yay!  I'm a fan.
Overpriced, but it's a nice place to hang with friends. I only went here because I saw them on Food network. The food is like bar food and nothing too special. The music is very questionable, unless you like rock. They have a band, so u have to pay an entrance fee on Friday. Basically coverage to the band. Drink were strong & pricey. If u want to bowl, go elsewhere n save your money.  Imagine that a coverage to get into a bowlin alley.  I assume that they have to pay for their rent and staff.
There are a lot of rules at Brooklyn Bowl. I don't like rules. But I will forgive them because: 1. I am a very forgiving person. 2. They make up for all of them by being one of the best places in Brooklyn to see a show, have a drink, and eat some food. I imagine bowling is nice, too, but I haven't done that yet. 3. All the reasons below. Rule: There's usually a cover. But I Forgive Them Because: If you are going to consistently book awesome bands, DJs, shows, etc., you are allowed to charge people for the pleasure of attending. Musicians need to be paid. Rule: You can't enter the front bar unless you are sure you will be eating. But I Forgive Them Because: The other bar has the same stellar selection of Brooklyn beer, and menus you can look at as you drink, in case you decide later on that you are hungry. Rule: All burgers are cooked medium well. But I Forgive Them Because: Actually, some things are unforgivable. This just baffles me, in a place known for their food. I avoided an argument by ordering the fried chicken instead. And although it wasn't the Best Thing I Ever Ate, it was very, very good. The skin is unique; peppery, textured and tasty. I only wish the hot sauce was better. Rule: The fried chicken comes with collard greens and mashed potatoes. But I Forgive Them Because: These were the best collards I've ever had. Seriously. Normally, I resign myself to eating a couple bites every once in a while, just to remind myself that I don't like them. But I ate every bit of Brooklyn Bowl's greens (and it wasn't just because there were large chunks of bacon in them; really, it wasn't). The mashed potatoes were deliciously buttery as well. Rule: Barstools are removed after a certain hour. But I Forgive Them Because: Even though the barstool in question had my coat sitting on it, and I was two feet away when they stole it, the woman at the Lost & Found was very sweet and understanding. Rule: You can't walk up to the bowling lanes unless you have a bracelet. You need a lane number of where your friends are bowling in order to obtain a bracelet.   But I Forgive Them Because: This is actually really annoying. Since there is a concert going on and none of your friends can hear their phones, you get to stand around until one of your friends actually looks and sees your text, and hope it's not the one who thinks its funny to tell the security guard that he doesn't know you. But I still love you, Brooklyn Bowl.
3.5 stars. The place is pricey, but when you're getting bowling shoes delivered to your lane, Blue Ribbon food, a full-service bar, and plush leather couches to sit on while you wait for your turn, I guess it's expected. I've been here multiple times, but my most recent trip was for a birthday party. The staff did a great job in constantly bringing out the food. The Rock and Roll Fries with gravy, cajun spice, provolone and cheddar was to die for. I didn't care how bad it was for me... I just kept piling it on my plate. Other dishes included fried calamari, cajun shrimp cocktail, fried chicken, and BBQ wings. I love that they let you eat at your lane, instead of making you eat at a designated eating area. Everything was delicious. Just be sure to bring hand sanitizer if you're going to be bowling and eating at the same time! As for the bowling... it's not that great. First of all, the pins are dangling on strings. Not real bowling. Secondly, because they're on strings, they tend to get tangled a lot. There were multiple occasions where I saw employees having to go fix the pins, delaying the game. I think serious bowlers would get very frustrated, unless they're happy and drunk and don't really give a f*ck. There's also only 16 lanes, so be prepared to wait if you come on a Friday or Saturday night. Avoid coming during the day on weekends unless you like bowling with screaming children. Overall, Brooklyn Bowl is a great place to socialize, consume some good food and drinks, and have a friendly game of bowling. Just be prepared to spend at least $50 or so if you're bowling, renting shoes, eating, and drinking.
Ok I was really wanted to love BB, but I can't say I do. To be fair, I really do think they deserve like 2.75 stars but alas, Yelp doesn't have a fractional star rating! Simply put, my experience of this place was ok, but I am not particularly anxious to go back. Inside, Brooklyn Bowl is beautiful(outside is another story--it still looks like a warehouse to blend in  with the other industrial buildings in the area). It's a music venue, bowling alley, bar, and restaurant all in one. This concept is great..on paper. I think there is way too much going on so what really ends up happening is this place, more or less, becomes a REALLY loud bar. Anyway, lets go back and start at the beginning--the location. BB is located in the still developing west side of Williamsburg so be forewarned that the area is still somewhat industrial and desolate. I'm not saying that the neighborhood isn't safe, but I would suggest walking with others if possible just for peace of mind. I came in a car, so that was no biggie, but I couldn't possibly imagine trekking here from the train alone, late at night, in heels, in the cold etc. Once you do get to the door, you'll realize that there's a small cover (I forget exactly how much but I know its under $10). I seriously haven't remembered having to pay a cover to get into anywhere since I was an under age drinker at a frat party, but considering the fee is so nominal, I suppose its something that can be overlooked  *shrug*.  I believe the cover is in place to support the many indie artist that perform here on a weekly basis. I hope you enjoy the show because otherwise you just paid to stand among hipsters. If you go during peak hours, you can end up waiting 2-3 hours for a lane and about an hour to sit down at the restaurant area, which is really small considering the rest of this expansive space. We did end up reserving a lane but we had to kill A LOT of time before we got to bowl a game. We ended up having a few drinks, listening to the act playing (which wasn't half bad thank God) and waiting for a table and having dinner. We had the wings as appetizers which were delectable. I had a burger as an entree burger. I was hungry and it did its job. Finally, just as we were about to give up and go home, they called our name for an open lane. At that point, I think we were pretty restless and only had the attention to play one game before calling it a night. I also should mention that although this place may not be for those on tight budgets. While it is definitely not off the wall expensive (actually the drinks are quite reasonably price), you can rack up a hefty bill especially if you end up drinking, eating, AND bowling. That night, a lot of things were comped for me so I don't remember prices to quote for you, but I would suggest that if money is a concern, pick and choose which activities to partake in and everything should be all good . The one and only time I came here was to celebrate my friend's college graduation about a year ago and I haven't been back since then. I am not a big fan of bowling and I am even less of a fan of waiting around.   Does that mean I thought BB was I'd never return here? Of course not--Brooklyn Bowl does have its good moments after all. I just don't think I will be a frequenting this place more than a couple a times a year. However, on a positive note, this place does get 5 stars for eye candy. yum ;)
I've only been here once and didn't bowl, so why write a review ? 1. A Great Live Music Venue  -- the sound was fantastic , even the bands I didn't particularly like sounded good. Well balanced , minimal feedback and loud without being painful.  The stage visibility is good too. There are video monitors by the bar so you can get a drink and not miss anything. 2. Excellent bar food - the brothers behind the Blue Ribbon Restaurants supply food here and I was impressed. The rock 'n' roll fries  with gravy, provolone and cheddar were wonderfully decadent. The fries weren't soggy from gravy and they weren't stingy with the cheese. The fried chicken (yes I ate fried chicken again) was very good. I found the pieces a little small but the seasoning was good and there was very little grease. I liked it a lot better than nearby pies & thighs but not as much as Peaches HH. Additionally the menu has enough options for meat and non-meat eaters. 3. Reasonably priced and good beers (Six Point & Brooklyn). The bowling prices seemed high, but I would come back to drink , eat or check out some bands. --------------------------------------------------­- ** It should be noted that bathroom is on 2nd floor. Stairs seemed to be only access. Is this legal ?  It certainly seems dangerous after a few too many. **
This is a cool spot! I don't particularly go here to bowl but I have on some occasions. The highlight of this place is the fried chicken as featured on the Food Network. I do not eat Fried chicken very often, let alone order it's while I'm out but I took a chance a few yrs ago and it is the only spot I will order it from (aside from blue ribbon in park Slope but they are sister restaurants or part of the same chain and use the same recipe). I go for a cocktail or 2, a meal and a fun atmosphere. The downside is that they typically have performances and they add a cover charge based on who is performing so some times wen I just go to eat n drink there is a $10-20 cover charge and if your going with a friend it can cost up to $40 jus to get in to eat :-(.
This is my favorite music venue in the city. Their food is amazing too. My girlfriend and I will come out to week night shows a lot right after work. You can hear the band from the restaurant and then have a few more drinks and watch the rest of the show after dinner.
Though I have never actually bowled here, I am pretty bowled over by everything else this place has to offer. ?uestlove's dj set was perfection. A mix of throwback soul and funk sprinkled with some hip hop classics to get your rump shakin'. Speaking of shakin', their fried chicken is a far cry from kraft's shiesty shake n' bake. To be honest, it may be some of the best fried chicken I have had to date... yeah, that good. if this were facebook, I would "like" this place (yeah, I just said that, don't hate the playa, hate the game).
This place is the best bowling place I've ever been to! The design and atmosphere is awesome, I love the entire concept, the comfy sofas, the beer! I love Brooklyn Brewery.  Prices weren't bad at all, especially when you compare to other places like dave & busters, this place has a better feel to it and a more laid back attitude, a lot of cool people were there as well, and very easy to meet new people. Great spot to bring some friends and chill out, play a non serious sport of bowling with your buddies and chug a few beers.
just order a gang of fried chicken and enjoy.  US Royalty providing dinner entertainment (live) and ?uestlove mixing and matching various hip hop records together a couple hours later.  huge pours of jameson.  needless to say, it was a great thursday night.
When you heard that Williamsburg was getting a second bowling alley, you likely had one of two responses: 1.  Oh, great.  Another place for hipsters to chug PBR and mock working-class Middle America. 2.  Yay!!  Another place for me to chug PBR and mock working-class Middle America!!!!!! But what's pleasantly surprising if you're in group 1 (and judging by some of the other reviews, disappointing for those in group 2) about Brooklyn Bowl is that this isn't ironic bowling (I'm talking to you, Gutter), this is like, nice bowling.  Really, really nice bowling. The space is totally beautiful, with raw wood exposed beams, skylights, two large bar areas and well-placed fixtures seemingly salvaged from an old carnival.  Instead of hard plastic benches, the members of your team await their turns on plush over-sized leather sofas and ottomans, drinking tasty beer and eating some very strange bar snacks, like bologna and cheese pretzels and hot pork rinds, which literally taste like deep-fried air.  Okay, so maybe there's a LITTLE bit of Middle America here. Some other items of note:   *Giant projection screens line the lanes, and on my visit they were playing concert footage from classic rock band reunion tours, like the Who, Pink Floyd, and Steely Dan.  That was funny. *The bathrooms are huge, with at least 10 stalls in the ladies'--finally, somebody gets it!   *It's $40/hr per lane, with up to 8 people allowed per lane, so if you've got a big group, it's actually a really good deal!   *The bouncer recognized me from the gym, which was at once both awesome and creepy. Look, I get that when someplace as classy as Brooklyn Bowl opens up in somewhere like Williamsburg, it can be a bit confusing.  But have you taken a look around the Bedford area recently?  The 1950s pre-fab walk-ups are not-so-slowly being replaced with luxury condos, and the hipsters are moving east.  The nabe's getting fancy, and Brooklyn Bowl is ready for the new wave of yuppies.  Yuppies love bowling, so look OUT!
Been reading a good amount of rave reviews about this place, and finally, for a birthday, I finally had a chance to go.  It was definitely all the hype and then some. When you enter this huge warehouse turned bowling ally, you will notice just hoe spacious it really is.  Granted, I came on a Sunday afternoon, but I can only imagine how hard it would be to fill this location. The lanes are clean, and well waxed.  One thing I noticed was the fact that the pins were attached to strings, and once they have been knocked down, they reset themselves like a puppetmaster has control of all of them.  Out of the 3 hours that I've spent there, there was only one instance where the strings were crossed and someone had to actually go to the pins to untangle them.  It took no more than 2 minutes. The food was A_MAZING.  The Chicken Burger was to die for.  I would go back just for this one item alone.  I am not one to toot any burger's horn, but when I do I toot it hard.  Brooklyn Bowl - great job on a great burger! The fried chicken was delicious as well, and the service could not be better.  The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. I would definitely go back during happy hour - where it's an hour of free bowling!  What a bargain - GREAT JOB!  That's one for BROOKLYN!
GET THEE HERE! This may be the coolest all-around venue in New York. There, I said it. This incredibly beautiful, hip, and fun converted warehouse space screams "I'm in Williamsburg!", features great local beers on tap, has a sizable but not "too big" stage, supercool looking bowling alleys, and a miniature Blue Ribbon restaurant nestled into it. It's like 3 or 4 awesome Williamsburg night spots squeezed into one building! I've always had really positive experiences here and I had one recently that should illustrate how cool this place is. Some friends and I decided we wanted to eat at Blue Ribbon inside and so we headed over. We get to the door and there's a cover charge for the band that's going to go on in ten minutes. We say that we're not interested in the band, we just want to eat at BR. The guy squints, formulates and idea, and says, "Alright...how 'bout this? You guys give me the $8 cover charge each, you eat, and then when you come out, I'll just give it back to you. And if you decide to stay, you've already paid the cover charge and you can enjoy the band." We said, "Totally." We ate, had a pitcher of beer, enjoyed our selves, and when we left he promptly gave us our $24 back no problem. By just being cool, he generated a bunch of dinner money from some folks who would have otherwise walked their business somewhere else. (Oh, and I should say that the Blue Ribbon fried chicken we had and the pitcher of IPA were unreal good and just writing about it right now is endangering my keyboard from the inadvertent uncontrollable drooling.) So that's an example of the staff. The bands they book are mostly mid-level, cover bands, novelty acts, etc...but if their booking person gets their stuff together, this would be a great place to see up and coming bands like you'd see at Mercury Lounge or The Knitting Factory or Bowery Ballroom. I don't know how much the bowling costs. I haven't done that yet. I'm sure it's like everywhere else in the city, INSANE. (I come from Kansas where you can bowl a game for $1.50 and have an $8 pitcher of beer.) In any event, I really kind of couldn't love this place anymore than I do. If I lived in the hood, I would probably find a way to be there every night.
This place has a serious identity crisis. I really don't even know where to start, but I guess by explaining that I went on opening weekend to see one of my favorite bands - O'Death. The cover was a bit steep, and the bouncers a bit pompous, but soon I was in, and in awe of the beautiful space and how much was going on. I grabbed a beer, and chatted up the friendly bartender who filled me in on the details. I could tell he was pre-programmed to explain the LEED certification they obtained, and I was impressed when he even knew what level (Silver, really good for a bar). He also said that him and his buddies hand-made the bar and most of the beautiful furniture in the place. Definitely impressive. The band was about to go on, and I was quickly torn between being up close to the show or bowling with two cute girls who asked my friend and I to join them. Luckily, I was able to bowl and rock out at the same time, since the bowling noise didn't overpower the sound system. The service was top notch except for one douche in a blazer, who was initially rude to my friends, but then really accommodating when he saw us dropping cash. I think we got some gratification having him pick up our shoes for us. They have a wall full of bowling pin dolls. Don't bother trying to steal one, I already tried and they're bolted down (Klepto? Kinda). After the band stepped off, inflatable ducks were brought on stage, and DJ's started running around singing into mics. Yeah, no rave for us. We were quickly off to the Levee. We dropped some serious cash ($15 cover for the concert, $5 beers, $40/hour lanes, $4 shoes). There is no doubt that we all had a blast, but I just had the feeling like it wasn't exactly my scene. I hereby pledge my allegiance to the Gutter down the street, with its less intensity, more local crowd, and better beer selection. Along the lines of Brooklyn Brewery and Sea, Brooklyn Bowl will be another Manhattan-ite friendly Williamsburg spot, with rare appearances from locals except for good shows. But maybe that's what they're going for, after all.
Brooklyn Bowl is less of a bowling alley and more of a bowling experience. It's an upscale, updated bowling alley, with restaurant, bar and dance floor offering equally compelling reasons to visit. A little pricey for a lane -- recommend that you take advantage of happy hour, when decent discounts on beer and lane rentals apply. Don't overlook the food, either -- their wings were outstanding. Sweet, smoky, meaty goodness. They were a little hard to eat while bowling, so we stopped the game so we could thoroughly enjoy them! The blue cheese dip had chunks of blue cheese in it -- but was superfluous since they didn't add to the smoked wings. It didn't matter, the dip was good enough to eat on its own. If the wings are any indication, I'd suspect the rest of the menu is just as good at providing delicious, generously portioned updates on diner food.
Just saw Yonder Mountain String Band @BrooklynBowl (my first time there) and was thoroughly impressed by both! Quite a large venue, they really did a great job with the aesthetics. I'm not one for bowling much, but I would definitely consider it once. They have a set of lanes that has perfect views of the stage and is elevated from the concert venue stage. $6 Brooklyn Bowl Pale Ales kicked ass! Good price for venue beer, and the pale was delicious. They need to bottle that one up for distribution! Apparently there' s also some decent food, which we didn't get to explore. Tickets to see Yonder were reasonable, only $25. Cool crowd, everyone was chill. AWESOME NIGHT!!! Highly recommend this place.
Brooklyn Bowl is an amazingly well done space. Great fun atmosphere, awesome music, comfortable leather couches by the lanes, tasty fried chicken plus friendly and attentive staff. The venue is LEED certified (thumbs up), what else do you want? I want it to be more affordable. From the friendly bouncer who checks ID at the door to the staff who brought our shoes back in the metal basket in the very end of our game, there was absolutely nothing to pick at. The Blue Ribbon menu here is American comfort food, we ordered a combination of dark and white friend chicken platter that came with smashed potatoes, collard greens a garlic toast and a dipping sauce of honey. Without a doubt the chicken was tasty, flavorful. It looks like they dusted salt and pepper on the crackling exterior pretty much a la Taiwanese "salt-crunchy-chicken" style if you know what I mean. However, at $19 for 3 pieces of fried chicken, it's really-really pushing it for me. (You can get some arse kicking succulent chicken at Pies N' Thighs for $11, 3 piece platter+1 side) Today is Sunday, so during the Family bowling time it is $20 per half hour (normally $25). We did ALMOST 1 hr so it ended up being $40. They don't pro rate. Seriously, you need to have a game plan when you come play here. M. and I arrived at the lane at 4pm sharp. We were greeted by our waitress and then we studied the menu. After putting on the shoes, deciding what to have and me fiddling with the input of our names into the screen and setting up, we started to "bowl" at 4:12pm. A bit later food arrived, M. was too busy chewing on the chicken so I had to wait for him a while before its my turn again. This translates to down time which naturally comes when you order food. The beauty of having 2 people sharing 1 lane is that you don't have to wait much thus we played 2 games. By 4:50pm we finished the second game and the waitress came to ask us if we were going to play a third. We said no since we didn't want to go over 1 hour. She then immediately went away to stop the timer on the lane. We ended up with a $72 bill for: - 2 bowling shoes rental - 2 sides and 3 pieces of fried chicken that was very yummy but not mind blowing - "1 hour of lane" : which technically speaking we played barely 40 minutes. Not counting that the bowling balls got stuck in the gutter and we had to wait for the staff to attend us to and to go fix it (he was prompt). This isn't about being stingy, but to make you realize that if you don't pay attention, you will end up not enjoying fully what you paid for. Now, that plus our usual 20% tip. That was a really fun 1 hour experience but also quite a dent to the wallet depending on the economic bracket you fall into. We liked it and we will go back, but bowling here will not be a weekly routine.
Okay, make that 3 regrets, the third being not paying cash.  My credit card reflected a charge almost double than what I had intended to pay, so I had to go through the whole dispute dance with my credit card company just to get the refund... I'd dock off a half a star if I could (maybe a full star on a bad day), as there are other things I'd much rather spend 10 minutes on rather than continuously being asked what my mother's maiden name is for security purposes, but I'm generous and like rounding up.
i love this place. not only is it a bowling alley, but its a great bar, concert venue and dont even get me started with the food.  the food at the restaurant (and the food available at the lanes) is done by blue ribbon.  the variety and the quality of the food is perfect! its the "higher end" version of what you would think should be served at a bowling place. specifically, i have tried the hummus, the potato and onion knish, the jalapeno poppers, the french bread pizza (the theresa and the greek), and the chocolate chip bread pudding.  i dont have anything bad to say about any of these.  everything has been delicious.  particularly, the pizzas are an excellent choice because the portions are huge so you can easily split with 1 or 2 other people and totally be satisfied.   in terms of the bar, the beer selection is fantastic.  the concert venue part is a really good size and the sound quality is solid.  it is such a good idea for the bowling lanes to be right next to the stage since if you are bowling, you can still listen to the bands playing.  in general, the way the place is designed has really good flow. plus, the decor creates a relaxed yet hip ambience on top of all that, the service is excellent.  it seems like the place is almost overstaffed, which is really nice to see because the customer is always taken care of and always taken care of promptly and politely.   i am really glad that a place like brooklyn bowl exists- its like 4 great things all rolled up into 1.
Not since Kingpin have I been so excited to immerse myself in the world of bowling. But I surely didn't know that going into my first romp with Brooklyn Bowl. In fact, when a friend suggested we stop by a bowling alley within the first hour of landing in lovely New York, I couldn't help but raise an eyebrow. I mean, here I am, spending a few days on the opposite side of the country in arguably the most entertaining city in the world... and the first stop is at a bowling alley? Despite the mental rancor dancing in circles around my head, I waded into the iffy waters of this establishment and was pleasantly treated to a very fun first encounter with the Empire State.   To my surprise, not only is this a really cool bowling alley, but a pretty happening music venue to boot! Think Lucky Strike (if you've ever been), but with hipster bands crooning away via distorted vocals and synthesizers, complete with the finest American Apparel threads you can buy east of the Appalachian Trail. So if you're there to bowl, go for it. But if you're there to dance to your favorite local band, you can almost entirely forget you're at a bowling alley at all! They have two bars to cover the massive square footage of the joint, and they feature all sorts of piquant craft beers, including some right from the borough of Brooklyn (Brooklyn Lager? I forget) itself. Success!
I have been to Brooklyn Bowl two separate occasions to see two of my favorite bands: Art Brut & Jaguar Love. When you first walk in, you realize how huge the place is.  The ambiance is chill and most people aren't pretentious.  The full bar is alright and drink prices are average: $7 for whiskey on the rocks.  Bathrooms are awesome too! As a music venue, I have mixed feelings about Brooklyn Bowl.  Sure, there's a huge dance floor and the stage is pretty damn big, but the sound is a little off.  That being said, I'm sure if you were bowling and also happened to be there during a live show, you wouldn't mind that much.  If you're thinking of ways to pass the time while you're in Williamsburg, this place is pretty chill.  Or you could drink at Brooklyn Brewery, where you'll find moi.
This place was really well done when they built out the space. Beautiful woodwork all over and a lot of different spaces to hang out it beyond the alleys.  In fact, they've done such a good job this place is always packed and that is its one downside other than fairly expensive bowling prices.  But I would come here just for the bar which pours only beer made in Brooklyn which is great.  They also have a nice food menu.  In fact I have yet to bowl here even though I've now been there a few times.  I'll update this if I ever do but there is seriously no need to bowl as this is a great place to hang out.
B.ring your friends, date, mom, cousin, neighbor, boss, enemy, sister. R.ight when you arrive you'll be faced with some decisions. O.pen the Blue Ribbon menu, check in for bowling, or rock out. O.bviously you'll want to pick all 3. K.ick off your sneaks & a basket of bowling shoes is brought to the lane. L.eave your socks at home?  No prob, they'll bring you fresh ones. Y-es the lanes are impeccably clean, & adorned with leather couches. N.earing the end of your game you'll want microbrew refills. B-est bet is to order a bunch of things to share, the menu is that good. O.ne of the best batches of Rock and Roll fries I've ever had. W.hile your friends scarf food you may want to check out the bathroom. L.ucky ladies, you can see the lanes through double paned mirrors! R.ight when you think your night couldn't get any better the band starts. O.n a good night, you can pay as little as a $5 cover. C.urating the BK Bowl music roster must be a tough job. K.ids all over the world would kill to play at such a cool place. S.ounds great too, you can hear clearly just about anywhere. M.atisyahu played the last time I was there, disco dreidel was rad. Y.ou should definitely check the BK Bowl website for band schedule. F.ancy cocktails, liquors, margaritas, beers, and wines are available. A.ll of my favorite bourbons, and you can even get a shake! C.learly an awesome place to work, all employees were super nice. E.ven if you don't want to bowl coming for a drink/show is deff worth it. O.f course Food Network has already caught on, awesome everything. F.inancially its not the cheapest place to have the time of your life, but F.un factor wise, it's 100% worth a try, at LEAST once.
It pays to have friends who know those in management... I've been to Brooklyn Bowl on several occasions, and each time I've been incredibly impressed. Sleek, stylish and a bowling alley! Who knew? Not only is the bowling fun, but the food is good across the board, and the live music is always a welcome addition to any bowling experience. This place is so fantastic that I still like it even though I accidentally threw myself down one of the lanes when I got overly excited (true story - and as a teetotaler, I was completely sober...seriously). Additionally, it's refreshing to go to a bowling alley on any given Friday night and see (give or take) six tragic hipsters lounging on a leather couch, complaining about how poorly everyone else is dressed (or something equally as vapid). A Williamsburgian I am not, but I loves me some Brooklyn Bowl.
Great atmosphere, great beers, went lsat night and the bands were rockin too.  Take me back there!
This is such an amazing place. I have been here before, and though I have never eaten, bowled, I have sipped on cocktails and beers and danced my ass off to live music. First, I'm gonna throw it out there. By no means is this the best place to see a show acoustically wise. They pull great acts and it's fun as hell to go but, musically not the best. Second, it's a wee bit pricey for beers and cocktails. My $10 vodka lemonade was weak sauce and not even that tasty. The beers tasted flat. The place though is gorgeous. The bathrooms are impeccable. The food looks and sounds and I hear is amazing (fried chicken yo) and the bowling looks super fun. I just can't believe all the fun acts that come through. Great hip hop, djs, jazz. I was there for Preservation Hall Jazz Band from New Orleans and it was seriously so fun. I was right in the front, perfect view, a little space for dancing all for $20 cover charge to get in. Overall, I'd most def keep an eye on who plays here and visit often.
As far as music venues go, Brooklyn bowl is top notch. Not only do they a great selection of artists go through there, the atmosphere is completely unique. Now for anyone who has been to a lot of NYC venues, you know this is saying a lot. However I cannot think of one place in New York where you can go to get a great meal, great drinks, bowl in a state of the art bowling alley, while simultaneous attending a killer rock show. So now this also makes Brooklyn Bowl to rate... After all what are you rating? The bowling alley? The bar? The live venue? The food? It's hard to do any of this justice in one review, but screw it I will try. The Food: I have been to Brooklyn Bowl a total of four times now, and every experience has been amazing. Each time I typically have started off with a good meal with friends. Their food is excellent, though can be a bit pricey. At first you may be concerned at the prices considering it is nothing more than an upscale bar area. However don't let this fool you, the food at Brooklyn Bowl is superb, and I have not been disappointed with anything on the menu yet. I particularly enjoy their chicken burger, but their gourmet mac & cheese, chicken wings, and fried chicken are also excellent choices. The Booze: Alright... I am a beer snob... There I said it! Brooklyn Bowl though not having the most amazing beer selection, does have a lot of good drafts to choose from. It's solid, and any beer snob should be able to find something they enjoy. Their wine selection is also pretty decent, and I was very pleased with the last bottle I got there. The mixed drinks have always been very strong, but tasty. The Venue: One of my favorite parts of Brooklyn Bowl is the vibe. The space it is in is HUGE. Much larger than most New York venues. This is also exaggerated by the extremely tall ceilings. The bathrooms are clean and spacious which is rare in a music venue. The acoustics leave a little to be desired, but a talented sound engineer could still get it sounding great if they did their job right. Most importantly the bands they get running through there are amazing. Quest Love DJ's there once a week, and I have seen listings for bands such as The Roots, DJ Shadow, Ben Kweller, Guster, Blues Traveler, and many other awesome bands. The Staff: The staff at the Brooklyn Bowl are very friendly and seem to actually enjoy working there. This is decently rare among bars, restaurants, and venues but it always makes for a better overall experience. There doesn't seem to be breakdowns in command at anytime. It's not a place where you see managers running around. Even the ticket takers are cool. The Bowling: Oh yeah... It's not just a catchy name... They are actually an awesome bowling alley. The lanes are very clean, and the machinery and floors all appear brand new. The couches where you sit kick the but out of any cliche plastic benches in normal alleys. Oh, and did I mention they do a yearly tribute to The Big Labowski? Yeah that's right... Labowskifest. With prizes for best costume, specials on white russians, etc... Overall Brooklyn Bowl provides a unique experience in the epicenter of hipster Brooklyn... It's an awesome place to go, and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a unique and amazing night! It's one of those places that I not only like going to, but I secretly wished I worked there too.
They've established themselves as a good music venue. The place is huge. Bowling is expensive and the bar gets too crowded during events, but its overall a good place to see a show.
If I had a secret Bat Cave, this is exactly what it would be like. The beautiful, rustic woodwork interior is what got me. Hello, craftsmanship? I think Norm Abram would be quite proud. Walking in here for the first time left quite an impression on me.  We were here to see dinosaur jr., so this is more of a review of the music space, rather than the food or bowling. Though, I'd certainly come back to bowl and eat after perusing their website.* Nice staff, excellent selection of Brooklyn beers (Brooklyn Brewery is around the corner from this space) and a decent amount of space to move around in if you're watching a band. DJ was sold out and yet, we were not squished and were able to enjoy the music (hello, 1994? Ah...love it.) and not have to vie for space. I'd definitely return to see another show.** As Dave said, this isn't a dive...which is fine by me, because I've bowled in many a dive growing up in Michigan. Don't get me wrong, I like divey bowling alleys, but something different like Brooklyn Bowl is refreshing and I liked it. I think The Dude *might* bowl here, or, at the very least have a White Russian here... *$40/lane/hour seems pricey, but hey, you only live once. AND, the food is from Blue Ribbon. **One thing I would suggest though, regarding their ticketing system is have an option to print tickets at home, or have a will-call window. Tickets for the MLK day show went on sale a week prior and I received the tix the Saturday before. (cutting it close!)
How did I hear about this wonderful place? As per my other reviews, I found out about many cool and foodie places through "Best Thing I Ever Ate" on Food Network. It is not too often you can have fun while eating very good food. Bowling (fun) + Great Food = Best day ever! So I had to check it out. I collected a few friends and headed over there one weekend around afternoon time. It was located right next to Brooklyn Brewery. The space is huge once you walk in with very high ceilings. It had like 3 unseperated areas (huge lobby,concert stage/area,bolwing alleys, restaurant and bar). The place wasn't very packed at the time. It had couple of kids running around but it is understandable because we were there on the earlier side. So we decided to play and drink first to get our appetite going. We knew it was going to be a feast after watching the show. We planned to order everything we have heard about. So after a few games, we rushed to the restaurant and ordered the following: -Rock and Roll Fries with gravy, cajun spice, provolone & cheddar - soo tasty we had to get second order -Fried Chiken Platter served with white bread and honey - delicious -Mac & Cheese baked with bread crumbs - delicious -Basket of smoked BBQ wings - delicious -Vanilla Milk Shake  - delicious Everything was perfect. If I had room in my belly I would have done it all over again. I cannot wait to go back and taste the delicious food again. I also want to check out one of the concerts they have going on. They have soo many events going on which you can check out on their website. Concert + Bowling + Great Food = could be even better time!
I love this place. I've been here twice and they have live music, nice beer, bowling and good ambiance in general. Of course it is a total hipster spot but worth the cover to get in. The casual, wear what you want type of atmosphere is as refreshing as the variety of Brooklyn beers. I would give it 5 stars if they had a better variety of beers.
Whoever flagged my last review of this place and got it removed is a real jerk.   I am re-reviewing now since people can't tell a good joke when they read one.  Just to make sure no one removes this one, I will go the whole way without a single trace of humor....here goes: I have, in fact, been to Brooklyn Bowl.  I found it stuffy, expensive and boring.  I don't care how "green" you want to call yourselves, if you use strings to right your pins, you can take a hike.   Their food is overpriced and mediocre.  The stink of pretension is overwhelming.   If you like hearing annoying girls squeel about how cute they look in their bowling shoes, this is the place for you.   No personality and no sense of humor.  I'm sure whoever complained about my first review probably works there.   Go down the road to Gutter and hang out with some down to earth, fun people.  Brooklyn Bowl thinks too much of itself.   ::fart noise::
Very comfortable seating. They are lounge chairs and sofas. Difficult to find this location because this place is where warehouses are around. Prices: Monday-Friday 6-7pm - Free bowling with shoes included. Take full advantage of this offer. Just mention "Summer Bowling" So my friends and I bowled for 1 hour for free and afterward we had to pay $25 per 1/2 hour. It is pricey considering the location. Manhattan bowling centers would have cost the same. There are nice TV projections on the bowling alleys. But as for the bowling pins, I see strings attached on top of the pins. I am just not used to that.
Dropped in here after Brooklyn Brewery Tour (~7pm) to grab a drink and the place seemed to just be opening up. Can't comment on the crowd, but the venue was spacious, clean, and refined. I would definitely go back for the live music!
Too expensive! My friend and I were thee only black people there smh.
Great fun place to go. Reminds me of the Big Lebowski. The lanes aren't meant for people who curve or hook. The inside is mammoth. The wait for a lane on a weekend is ridiculous and quite pricey too. However, what makes it great is the food. Never before I have had such good food at a bowling alley, it's just ridiculous. If the kitchen wasn't there I would not have bothered to wait, but the restaurant kept me there for a 4 hour wait which makes it grade A in my book.
I took my friend to Brooklyn Bowl today after seeing an episode on Unique Eats. Me and my friend loved the ROCK AND ROLL FRIES more than the dinosaur BBQ wings. It was definitely meaty but the BBQ sauce tasted really weird. I asked the waitress for a refill on my drink. My friend actually caught her touching the tip of my straw that disgusted me. The service was lacking and the employees kept giving me and my friend weird looks. The staircase leading to the bathrooms was really dim and felt like I was a rat in a maze. Seriously need more lights! I definitely won't recommend it to any of my friends.
"Do you know who the f I am?" I am normally extremely against ruining a rating of a place based upon service, because the problems of service happen with certain wait staffs and aren't the definition of a restaurant. The problem here however was just too big to NOT write a review and tell people about. All week I've been reading about Brooklyn Bowl's experience for football games with all the HDTV's, the food, and the bar. I couldn't wait to go for the Jets/Steelers game on Sunday afternoon and even made it such a big deal that I told some friends, who told some friends, who told some friends. It got large. My one friend went to BB around 3:30 just to have some food and grab a table for the crowd coming later. He was successful in getting the table in the restaurant and even grabbed enough stools for everyone to be relaxed later. I came around 5:30 after they enjoyed some amazing Chicken Wings and some beers. That was when the pitchers of beer started arriving. By 7:00, the game had been on for almost a quarter, our group grew to five-six people and we've ordered $90 worth of beer. That is when they gave us our bill, but we weren't ready to leave, nor were we going to NOT eat. We didn't understand and thought that maybe it was just the waitresses switching but after asking, we were told it was because there was a waiting list. After arguing that we were going to order food, but were drinking beer and keeping a tab, they let us stay, but we started a NEW tab. At that point, a few people ordered a pizza, some hummus, and the gravy fries. Everything looked and tasted great (the fries were amazing). That is where the 2nd star really comes into play, because if the food wasn't as good as it was, I would have no problem giving them the dreaded one star. After the food plates were taken away, the wait staff started to really not like us. They started to remove the beer glasses from our table as if we were done again, but now it was just about the time for the 2nd half of the game. We had already been there for almost 3-4 hours to eat and drink and it wasn't like we weren't drinking waters holding a table. We were keeping the pitchers flowing and people were still ordering food. However, the hostess still managed to come over to tell us that she had a 'wait list' and needed our table. That is also when she started removing stools. By this time, our entire party was getting really pissed and saw this as a battle against the wait staff. None of us could really understand why they were trying to kick us out. So basically every time they tried to remove us, we ordered another pitcher of beer or some fries. It was anything to keep them from saying we weren't spending money or ordering food. Finally by mid-3rd quarter, they stopped harassing us and we were able to relax and enjoy the edge of your seat type game that was being played. Our bill came out to another $100 (on our THIRD tab). By the end of the night, the final tab probably came out to about $350 and Brooklyn Bowl had the nerve to try and kick us out about 4 times. I have never had an experience like this in my life with any bar or restaurant. It should be known that when you advertise about playing the games on all your HDTV's, that you will have people come early to grab tables to enjoy the game later. That is what we were doing and that is what we ALL will NEVER do again at Brooklyn Bowl. Not only will I never enjoy their delicious food, but I will never think about going to actually bowl there, especially because of how ridiculously expensive it was. Brooklyn Bowl might see me for a show or Questlove DJ set on a Thursday night, but otherwise, I just couldn't believe that they didn't know who the f I was.
Disclaimer:  I was here for the first time last night as part of a bowling league.  The staff was really helpful with a shoe mix up but I had already paid a flat price via the club.   I checked the prices and in general, its entirely too expensive, just like every other bowling place in NYC.  But it's got a great vibe going and it has the concert space which is a really cool element.  I like the little touches of fun like the ATM inside the Fortune Teller and the giant pointing hands leading to the restrooms that never had lines.  One things I did take note of was that it was very noisy.  Too noisy, even when the band wasn't playing.  And no, I'm not getting old.   Food looked really good, I'll have to try that soon.  Rumor has it they have the best wings ever.  Plus there is a dessert with my name in it so I'm in.
Ordered the mix chicken (dark & white), fries and cucumber salad. Chicken is really, really good! This is a good spot to go on a date or to go as a group. Live music was also impressive, good crowd - more laid back. Will def come back and will recommend!
Probably the coolest, most hip, fun bowling alley I've ever been too. The vibe is an easy 5 stars; however, the employees are without a doubt clueless with regards to anything work related. The design resembles nothing of other bowling alleys. It's a huge space of 10+ lanes, a bar, dance floor, a stage, and lounges. The theme I received as I entered the warehouse of a building was that of a warm comfy worn and stressed leather sofa. The type of sofa that you had since college that puts you to sleep the second you sit down. The architecture is somewhat of an aged craftsman style. Dark stressed woods and leathers everywhere. The type of place where you will find all the cool hip cats drinking pitchers of Brooklyn Brewery beers. I hope to be a cool hip cat one day too. One interesting item I noticed were the pins on the lanes. They were all tied by string and didn't create that "clatter and clank" when they were knocked over. Very interesting setup. Back to the service... On a Friday night the place was empty. One employee for every customer. Usually this would generate great customer service; however, everything was chaotic and slow. It appeared no employee could make any executive decision when it came to simple tasks. I noticed bar tenders tying their dirty shoes on the bar top just before pouring beers without washing hands. It also took them 10minutes to pour and serve. Anyways, 5+ stars for the vibe and bowling. 4 Stars for friendliness of staff. 0 stars for competence of staff.
I've come here a couple of times , once for a dj set and another time for a live show.  The sound isn't great.  But the atmosphere here is fun.   The place is enormous, spotless and the bar serves great drinks.  All kinds of people here, very diverse crowd.  I might actually come and bowl here with my friends some day if I can actually get a group together.
Went here two Fridays ago for a DJ battle.  First time there.  Had an amazing time.  Music was great but the drinks were WACK!
Let me preface by first stating that I am reviewing Brooklyn Bowl mostly as a music venue.  My friends and I were not there to bowl.  The Notorious MSG, who always put on an amazing live show, was having their album release show there, so you know I had to be there.  I've been a fan of theirs since the beginning, around 2002 or 2003, when the first of their songs were distributed as MP3s that took forever to download.   This would be the second weekend in a row I found myself in Brooklyn, which is an extremely rare thing.  Brooklyn Bowl has a very convenient location for such a large space, just several blocks away from the L train.  I arrived early for the show, because I had nowhere else to be anyway after work.  The first thing I did was ask the bouncer at the door whether or not they served food.  If they did not have food, I would need to go get dinner before the show.  He, in very friendly mannerism uncharacteristic of a bouncer, enthusiastically assured me that they do serve food, and that I should try the fried chicken.  Really?  Good fried chicken at a hipster-frequented establishment such as Brooklyn Bowl?  We'll see about that. Brooklyn Bowl really has everything you need for a relaxing night without ever leaving.  There is a sound system and a stage for live shows, there is a bar, there is even a restaurant, and of course there were the bowling lanes.  We had a beer on some lounge chairs and made our way to the restaurant to try that fried chicken, and I must report that they were indeed very good. But on to the show.  The stage area is everything you want in a music venue for local bands - a big stage, a whole lot of standing area, and plenty of stage lights.  Dingy and cramped basements with small stages will always hold a special place in my heart for the kind of loud, sweaty, crowded, and the this-is-so-much-better-than-a-Madonna-concert kind of experience that they offer, but you really can't argue with the spaciousness and high ceilings at Brooklyn Bowl which allowed a band like Notorious MSG to pack a place with screaming fans (most of whom were females).  The back of the standing area is directly connected to the bar area so it was very convenient to go get drinks in the middle of the show.  The dressing/preparation room for the bands is actually located on a second floor, but you can see the stairway from which the band members would descend onto the stage. This is really an excellent music venue, especially because you can actually have a real dinner right there before the show.  I am hoping my other favourite bands would play there in the future soon so I get to go back! (Official website of Notorious MSG:  notoriousmsg.com)
This place is awesome. Came here for my last night in NYC and was very pleased. Awesome decor with exposed brick and wood (looks kind of like a converted barn) with live music, and well maintained bowling lanes. Oh and leather couches in front of the lanes - how classy. We only got beers but I heard the fried chicken is pretty amazing. Will be getting that next time I visit. Close to Manhattan too.
I love Brooklyn Bowl and always have a fun time when I go.  The music is great.  The food is good, too.  My only two problems are 1. The wait for bowling is ridic. and 2. It is really $$$ Most of the time there is a cover charge.  Sometimes I don't want to see the band that's playing. They should work out a certain deal, that if you spend a certain amount bowling, then you get your cover back.  Let the bowlers, bowl!
Massive multi-entertainment space. The people behind Brooklyn Bowl put a lot of thought and great attention to details (and a ton of $$$) in bringing their concept to life. And they got themselves a winner. I like the decor[1]: beautiful amusement park-themed woodwork, exposed bricks, and vintage banners and signs. This place got a lot of character. The 16 bowling lines (with huge leather couches!) have 8 large, high definition screens above the pins showing random stuff from music videos, to funny bowling videos, to National Geographic documentaries. There is a large stage where they have live bands playing and performers, and the laptop DJ[2] kept the crowd dancing (there is also a nice disco ball, something that always puts me in a good mood). There is also a dining area with ten tables or so, and a bar that can be accessed from the dining area only. The beer selection is very good: although the beers on tap are coming from just 3 breweries (Brooklyn, Six Point, and Kelso), they have a lot of them. I had the Six Point Ale, Brooklyn Weiss, and Brooklyn Winter Ale, and they were all very good. At $6 a pint, they're also reasonably priced. Be prepared to looooong lines to get to the bar. So, why just 3 stars, then? My friends got there at 7 pm on a Saturday, and we got a bowling lane at midnight. That's right: a five hours wait. If you just want to bowl, come here during the week, or go somewhere else. Also, this place is mobbed, and although there are two bars, one is for the dining area only. There was a $5 cover on Saturday, but you could RSVP in advance on their website and get in for free. ----------------------------------- [1] Interior design is by Tristam Steinberg, the same signature behind the Jane Restaurant: tristamsteinberg.com [2] Is DJing with vinyls a lost art? What's the craft in using a computer to mix?
I didn't bowl. I will next time when i have money. I was here for a free show featuring Chairlift and The Drums. I've never been to a venue + bar + bowling, so that itself deserves 4 stars. The restroom is nice too, a bit dark walking towards it, but I just pretended I was in a Halloween maze. A great space for a birthday party!
place is a great venue. . .   the space is bigger than you think from the out side. . .  great lanes. . . big azz stage & decent food. and i grew up about 6 blocks away. . . .  long time ago, check it!
What an absolute nightmare. I'd give the place 4/5 stars based solely on decor. I went on a Saturday night and I should've known better! It was SO crowded. People were packed in there like sardines. I got beer spilled down my back and no one was apologetic for pushing and shoving you. I know this is NY, still! The second we heard the bowling wait would be 2.5hrs we bolted. Even after we paid $7 cover. On our way out, we noticed a lot of sh*tfaced people. They have so many bouncers but yet don't control the crowd. MAYBE I'll go back on a weekday and MAYBE update my review.
Awesome venue! Awesome music! Awesome beer! Fun place! Came here for the first time for a friend's birthday. I was running late to see The Coup, but managed to stay for DJ ?uestlove's Bowl Train. Dang, The Coup was pretty awesome live. It was $5 to get in (with a $2.50 service charge if ticket's reserved online). Totally worth it! I really enjoyed my time here! My beer was $6 (nothing new) and coat check was $2 (also, nothing new). The venue wasn't sold out, so I had plenty of space to dance around. I heard great things about the food here, so must order some next time I return! The ladies' room was clean and didn't smell funky. Coat check staff was nice. Bartender was also nice. Bowling here would be extremely fun because the music is bumpin, you can eat & drink at your will, and you can blame your horrible bowling skills on the darkness.
Could not go another day without writing a glowing review about the Brooklyn Bowl and its staff. Was recently there to hear two bands (both in the same week in August). Prior to the show, I had a problem ordering tickets online, called the BB, and Cassie made sure the computer glitch was fixed thus saving me an unnecessary mailing fee. Everyone from Cassie to the bartenders to the guys at the front door (Frank) who made sure I got into a cab and made it home safely back to Manhattan deserve special mention. This place exemplifies great customer service. If you want to go to a cool venue, with great bands, a great staff, and reasonable drink prices, then BB is your place. Do yourself a favor, jump on the L Train at Union Square, and get out of Manhattan for a night of fun. I know I'll be back!
I originally came for the Beatles Ukulele festival, last Sunday-- and was truly mind blown by the space. It's an amazingly woodsy rustic space- with "worn" leather couches, a moving maze like flow to the rooms and the coolest bowling space I've ever seen. The lanes have comfy leather sofas, giant coffee tables and it seems everyones just gathered around, beers in hand, laughing and having fun. There's 2 bars, 1 dining space, a big concert/stage space a sitting lounge and, of course, the alley. Blue Ribbon's kitchen here is providing the best bowling alley food you will ever encounter. They are known for their fried chicken dinners (I enjoyed the mashed potatoes on my companion's plate) but I urge you to explore the rest of the menu. The egg shooters are deviled eggs.. with the creamiest yolk filling, topped with pickled peppers. AMAZING!!! The mac and cheese is just phenomenal. It's baked crisp on top- with creamy layers of cheese and these wide, ridged macaroni. The wings are juicy- and we were all commenting how f'ing awesome the blue cheese dressing was. The pork ribs- my friend cleared every bone (but I didn't like the sweetness of the sauce. it's personal). And did I ever mention I love a bar with ice cold Kelso Pilsener? And the see through windows in the bathroom stalls, down to the lanes? Remember: the egg shooters are a deviled egg lover's paradise. I insist you take a peek: yelp.com/biz_photos/wQFq…
Overpriced, bad drinks, food sucked, creepy people and  can't forget  not mention the guy going into a k-hole...last I checked Special K was so 1995!  Never again will I ever go back to this place!
I didn't come after the bowling part but for the live music. Hmmm hmmm... Great experience! The FELA! Cast Recording release was here in May, so that was my only time (so far). The place was full yet easy to transit. Awesome Margaritas. Coat check fair priced. The only thing is that the restrooms are aaaaallll the way upstairs. Long walk if it's in the middle of a concert.
16 of us came here on Saturday to celebrate our dearest friend's birthday!  To my great surprise, this place is better than the other bowling lane's I've been to.  Possibly because of their oh-so-many rules and restrictions which people actually do obey at Brooklyn Bowl.  And not to mention the inexpensive fixed weekend price of $25 per 1/2 hour lane up to "2 hours" for 8 people max. I think this place should be named "Brooklyn Drink 'n Bowl"... because there is a full bar which "requires stamp on hand before purchasing a drink or drinking from a friend's cup". Despite the long wait for our 2 lanes to clear up because they "do not take reservations", bowling was very fun and we all enjoyed ourselves.  We all loved the food.  You have to try the burger, (8, 12, 16, or 24 piece) chicken, and catfish! The only downside was that I couldn't bring a birthday cake for my friend as per their rules clearly stated---"No outside food and drinks allowed".   NOTE:  Please do NOT forget to wear or bring your socks because it costs $3.00 for 1 pair!  However, you can purchase it if you want a souvenir LOL Be prepared to watch 2 hours of animals and insects on the gigantic LCD screen!
IMPRESSED! This place is gigantic and the service is outstanding all around. We were treated like a VIPs. The cost is very reasonable considering that this is the classiest bowling alley you'll ever go to. After you're seated at a big, comfy couch in front of your lane, they deliver your bowling shoes, your beer, and your food. I gorged on cheese fries. We went for my boyfriend's birthday so they brought out a huge brownie sundae and sang to him, for free. The brownie was so fudgy and decadent, topped with hot fudge and vanilla ice cream, and big enough for the five of us to share.
incredible, incredible, incredible....just sayin' great service, great beer, fun atmosphere. beer, bowling, basketball on the tv's. fantastic. I must return when Talib Kweli makes an appearance. oh yeah and the cajun catfish, collards, and mashed potatoes....awesome!
The only reason I award Brooklyn Bowl two stars is that one can, in fact, bowl at Brooklyn Bowl. (Yes, my standards for New Brooklyn are so low that falsity in advertising is expected). Whether you'll want to bowl at Brooklyn Bowl is another matter entirely. Bowling is a fine pastime that seems to bring out many peoples' worst impulses. To wit: 1) The Big Lebowski came out in 1998. The fact that it enjoys canonical status is great. But stop quoting it loudly in public and stop drinking White Russians. That's a cocktail that should be reserved for colicky Moldovan infants. 2) You work at a "tech shop" and make $107,500 a year. That's great. I wish i did. Now stop dressing to appear as though just spent your last two bits on a ham sandwich and a cuppa java in 1957. Also, Carl Perkins didn't wear hand-tailored skinny jeans. Yours is a stupid Halloween costume. 3) You're terrible at bowling. Keep it to yourself. I don't golf but I can't imagine too many foursomes hit the links for the sole apparent purpose of shrieking about how hilariously terrible they are at golf. It's not funny or ironic to be slow and awful at something. Of course there are many structural issues too. The location off North 12th (not the inconvenience, silly, the whole damn neighborhood). The cruise ship prices for simple pours of liquor. And the fact that you have to suffer interminable waits. Still, bowling in Brooklyn? Good. Melody Lanes is better, but then you might have to deal with that philosopher bartender dude. And the lanes are actually in pretty decent shape at BB.
BOWLED over, har har har.  cheesy humour aside, this is THE best funtime combo to come on the radar in years.  used to think ace bar had a monopoly on bar funtimes but bk bowl takes the cake.  music is ever so suited for bowling inspiration.  the ginormous dance floor wasn't put to good use on a Sunday night but could def. see this kicking into gear during primetime.  if they added roller derby to the mix, I would never leave.   the music (the sunday night mix anyway): funk, indie, rockin 80s and 90s the food: blue ribbon does not disappoint, as if!  greek salad french bread pizza, YUM.  Astoria spilled over into wburg.   mac and cheesy - oozy, cheesy, tasy d-lite.   really sloppy joe - true to it's name. chicken dinner platter - squirted out jus de poulet upon the first bite egg cream - a tad pricey at $5 for this classic treat and could have been fizzier.  otherwise can't go wrong. the bowling: spankin clean lanes balls were over oily IMHO where was the ball return fan? no master ball inventory to select from was the only downer.  stuck with the balls pre-selected for our lane. shoe delivery to your lane eco friendly pin stacker thing (unsure of industry term for this) was fun to watch.  the pins are on a string and look like reverse animation marionette when they re-stack. very attentive lane butlers.  they were great about checking with us for drinks/food ordering. kinda pricey with the hourly pricing model vs. individual games
Pricey but well worth the experience. Sunday night free concerts.
Let's keep this short because I'm generally pretty annoyed by this place. The good stuff is a short list. Yes, the venue and space itself IS in fact pretty damn fun and nice. Plus, Blue Ribbon makes slamming bar food. And even the musical acts I've caught here are decent, so why the long face? Have you talked to the folks behind the counter? You could not find more condescending people to run the waiting list or answer questions. I was appalled. Speaking of waiting, yes, reservations and advanced party planning is the way to go. Because there's no way you'll get a lane otherwise on a... was it a Friday? Thursday? night? I don't remember anymore, but it was ridiculous. 30 mins became 45 mins. Oh that party extended its stay so now it might by an hour. We were patient. Ate at the bar. Got cozy on the couches. 2 hours. Still no lane. Eff it. Another day.  ...perhaps.
Update: Bowling here rocks too. It won't improve your gutter ball arm, but not only do they bring you your shoes you asked for, they check your regular shoes and return them when you finish up at the lane. Waitress that comes to your table and, um, freakin insane wings. And I'm not even a wing girl. If you have some money to spend on a nice night out, BB is great. Not a regular indulgence, but nice. Also, I was with the Netta P party - I may not recommend coming on a Saturday night. :(
this place is SO much fun! They serve blue ribbon food, which is amazing. ordered wings, which i wasnt too fond of, but the cajun catfish and the braised kale was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO comforting. they have a nice sized dance floor and live music (went on a salsa night) and played 6 bowling games. i really enjoyed my self here. i would def go again with a group of people. just be careful of the drunken fool in the lanes, one drank out of my glass and poured beer from my pitcher into his glass. the waiter gave m two new pints of beer, which was very nice of him.
Hipsters paradise.... This place is pretty cool overall.  They have bowling lanes (a long wait on the weekend) and a large dance floor and stage.  The bartenders were nice and the drinks were ok.  I didn't eat any food here but the menu looked decent.
Nothing not to love.  Yea, that's right... nothing. Love: - the awesome rustic, friendly, and fun layout.  It's a bar you can linger at, chat at, eat at, crowd around, and sit your child on... and no matter what, it all feels totally normal. - the selection of Brooklyn Brews on tap, there were 5.  Good stuff. - the absolutely amazing chocolate frosted cupcakes.  Blue Ribbon Bakery, you make me smile.   - the comfy and cool tufted couches at the lanes. - the fact that they bring you your bowling shoes in a basket and take away your walking shoes to store. - that I spent more time dancing about to the great DJ spun tunes, than I did paying attention to the pins. Eat alittle, drink alittle, dance alittle ... and bowl - alittle; those strings holding up the pins?  Not cool man, not cool.
I love Brooklyn Bowl.  Period.  I'm mad I'm just experiencing this place for the first time. I had high hopes the minute I saw that Fishbone, one of the seminal bands of my teen years, played there recently, and that Questlove spins there on occasion.  The place didn't disappoint.  Nice space, great live shows, great bowling (even though I sucked!), great service, great food (apps and entrees) and drinks, though a bit too pricey.  It was a truly fun way to spend a Friday night, and I will definitely do it again soon.
Even one star feels like too much for what we had to deal with.  This place does everything it can to keep the customer from getting to "yes". From the moment we waslked  up everything we asked for was a "no". Big Thick Necked Bouncer Outside: "It'll be a $15 cover charge" ME: "We're just here to go bowling" BTNBO: "Doesn't matter, this is a music venue and you have to pay the cover charge" ME: "Oh my mistake, i thought the name was Brooklyn BOWL" We never did bowl, because we were told you can't make reservations, but many lanes sat there for long periods of time not being used because "someone" reserved them and paid in advance. Huh?! Excuse me? "You can't enter this way" "You can't sit here" "You can't pay for that here" "You need your ID again to cash out" "you'll need to leave your credit card and ID here" (so you won't have it when you go to the bar to buy a drink. Uh ok?) It just kept going. on and on. No, after no, after no.  never an easy 'yes' anywhere.  And the band was so unpleasant. Thankfully The Gutter was around corner so we left and were drinking cheap drinks and bowling within the hour. It will be a cold day in h%$# before we return, i'm sorry to say.
Do you like food, dancing, bowling, music, and/or drinking? If so, then you'll probably find something enjoyable about Brooklyn Bowl. This place is new and the interior is just a cool place to be. The interior feels very warm despite being a massive space serving everything from fried chicken to bourbon milkshakes (seriously, try this) to rental shoes. I've seen a couple shows here and the sound is decent. It's a tad expensive (the bowling especially), but I feel like it's worth the experience. I brought some people from work here once and they had a good time eating and bowling. They're not the "typical" Williamsburg folk, so don't be afraid if you don't fit that mold.
New take on bowling, and I'm always up to bowl.  A friend of mine was performing here so mainly came for his show.  The thing I like most about BB is that the space is HUGE and there's a lot going on inside.  Multiple bars, sit down eating, fancy bowling with waiter service, and a venue.  Quintessential Williamsburg and a good starter place for people exploring the 'burg.
I cannot stand it when places do this, you have a PACKED bar area with people there to see the show, and they have TWO bartenders!!  WTF?  Seriously they could be printing money, but instead some mediocre bartender is moving at a snails pace with a ton of people itching for beer.  Also, there is another bar near the front, with a few sedate people eating food.  Could I use that bar?  For some reason I couldn't.   So there you go BB, are you in business to make money?  I'm willing to hand you 6 bucks for a pint of beer that is brewed next door, but I gotta wait 15 minutes and endure pushing and shoving during that time?  No, sorry- I'll be at Music hall or Bowery.
My 2nd trip to BB was just as good as the first and I wasn't sick afterwards, so perhaps the first time was a fluke, or perhaps I had too much to drink last time. This place really is genius (great food, music and bowling).   If only I were a rich girl- I'd spend every Sunday here.
It's impossible to not have a good time here. Bowling is kinda pricey, but food and drinks are perfect and there is usually great music most nights of the week.
Nice, small venue, but the bouncers are WAY to heavy-handed here.  A girl got kicked out right in front of me at the DJ Shadow show for smoking either a joint or a roll-your-own cigarette.  No negotiation, no warning, just bounced.  And it was the beginning of the show.   Then, throughout the night bouncers would sneak up along the wall where we were standing (to the far left by the exit doors) and scan the crowd, looking for more smokers or people recording songs with their phones.  I understand you have to do your job, but come on.  You don't have to be so ninja about it, and you could at least warn people before throwing them out.  I felt bad for that girl.
A perfectly articulated wonderfully imagineered space. For bowling bowling, its true, I prefer the Gutter. Just for its feel. Its like Old Milwaukee or some other midwestern ghostly husk. But the Brooklyn Bowl? It's polished. It shines. And hope it shines for awhile. Its like a symbol of the new urban glory. Maybe it'll evolve into a family place, and the open stage will get some robots on it. Maybe. Its packed most nights (tried on a Wednesday, still had to wait for lanes) but thats good right?
Excellent venue, even better lineups and parties, and their fried chicken?! Just go...go and drink and dance and get the chicken and greens!!
My first visit, during Snowstorm Hercules, left me cold, and it wasn't from the weather. I did not partake in food or libation, as I visited for the express purpose of seeing the band. When I arrived in blizzard conditions, the bouncer asked me for ID. I am 44, gray and clearly beyond my halcyon years. I explained I have no driver's license and presented two work IDs, one from a high school, the other a college. I explained I could not teach either place where I not over 21. He insisted on a picture ID. Like many NYers, I don't have a driver's license. He told me to have my wife text a picture of my passport, so I asked to step inside as I could barely see my phone in the blinding snow. Nope. Made me stand out there and watch my smart phone accumulate snow. When the pic eventually arrived, he glanced at it, not even looking at the date and let me in.     Once inside, I made my way to the stage area, which was longer than wide, meaning you need to get there early to secure a good spot. Luckily, tonight's blizzard kept attendance low, When the opening act finished, it took about 45 minutes (!) for them to set the stage for the headliners! That is worse than the old Ritz!!! Between songs, I found the crashing of bowling pins a distraction, and actually supported the idea the singer suggested, burning the pins to stay warm.    I arranged for a taxi pick up and ventured out into the foyer to see if it was there and then to call the company. A woman explained I had to go back inside or leave as I was blocking the entrance, mind you it was about 12 feet wide and had large double doors and NO ONE was going anywhere, in or out due to the blizzard!!!  I said I had to call my cab as it should be there but could not see it due to being snow blind. She continued a conversation with a coworker and that bouncer from earlier came all the way from the sidewalk to make me go back inside. I explained TO HIM now that I was making a call, and I walked, while on the phone with a dispatcher, back in, He FOLLOWED me, telling me I had to go upstairs to the lounge for a call. At this point I told him enough already and to fuck off.    I could not take being followed anymore and walked out into the street. Luckily I spied blinking tail lights at the corner, my car. Apparently the club prefers people to stand out in dangerous conditions than to make a phone call from a safe and secure location. I will NOT be going back as it is all too ridiculous!
This is not somewhere I would go to bowl, but I like everything else about it. The sound system is unbelievable.  It's a great venue for live music.  The staff (from the front door bouncers, ID checkers, hand stampers, wrist band putter oners, front desk, coat check, bartenders) are all some of the most professional people I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with at a live music venue. One complaint, as far as the music piece goes, is the ticketing.  Tickets to shows are only sold through ticketfly, which can only mail tickets to your credit card's billing address (last I checked).  To move around this, I tried for 3 days in a row to buy tickets for a particular show in person, at Brooklyn Bowl, and not until the third try was I successful.  One time "the machine was broken" and the other time "the ticketing guy" wasn't "in yet."  Also, tickets in person are cash only.  Overall, not a huge deal but a street hassle I distinctly remember. The Blue Ribbon food here is great.  I came in Sunday afternoon to sit around eating fried chicken and mashed taters watching football on the big screens. The beer comes from around the corner at the Brooklyn Brewery and is a-okay.  However, if you want to find a bowling alley in Brooklyn with bowling alley beer (HIGH LIFE), Williamsburg is not the place to do it. I'd go to the Gutter to bowl, but I keep going back to BK Bowl for the shows.  I've seen Toots, Snoop, Bustle in Your Hedgerow, Robert Randolph and a few others here and each and every show has been great fun.
We went here for a low-key dinner, and we enjoyed the unusual atmosphere. The service and the food were good. We would have preferred something other than New Orleans big band jazz for live performance, but the performance area was large and can only imagine how fun it would have been with music we prefer. We didn't bowl, but love the idea of bowling in that atmosphere with live music.
Maybe I'm getting too old for places like this.  When a friend booked a party there, I thought, oh, cool, bowling in Brooklyn!  Having only bowled at Bowlmor, I was open to expanding my bowling horizons.   I walked in, and immediately was charged $10.  I was like, "Even if I'm bowling?"  Fine, paid the $$, went in to try and find my friends.  When I went to the lanes, I was brusquely stopped by a bouncer who asked me where I was going.  Not being familiar with the chaotic cacophony of the place, I said I was joining my friends.  Apparently because I didn't have a wrist band, I would need to find them elsewhere.  Fortunately one of our group had spotted me, and brought me to the table where my friends were.   I was the last to join our group, 30+ minutes after the party's start time.  When the waitress came by, I was about to place my order when she told me that there was a 3 hour waiting list for the table - I am thinking, but I am just one more person, so is it such a hassle?  Regardless, I gave her my name and cell number.  It was clear that they wouldn't even acknowledge me, because I was usurping a spot before my name was called.  Thankfully one of my GFs shared her mac n'cheese and wings with me, and another friend ordered me a beer.   Bowling was out of the option, given the wait, so we hung around and listened to the band, and I eventually enjoyed myself.  Until I had to go to the bathroom, because as I made my way across to the restrooms, another bouncer literally pinched some of the material of my hoodie and veered me away from the lanes.  I guess I can understand if I was some visibly drunk idiot who looked like they were going to spill their beer on the lanes, but I was more than a bit miffed by this. I'd have to say, if I intend to bowl, I'm sticking with Bowlmor.  My friends and I did end up enjoying the band, and the drink prices are reasonable, but for me, the cons outweighed the pros.
Last night I had one of the most epic nights since moving to New York.  Sydney, my dear friend and coworker and I went to the Brooklyn Bowl to see ALO, my favorite band from my time out West in San Francisco.  They are a Bay Area jam-rock-adult-contemporary band that threw in some funk last night.  but what really made the evening (or at least the beginning), was the scene at Brooklyn Bowl.   The layout is perfect - dreamlike even.  4 different areas that serve simulatneously different yet complimentary goals. The restaurant (with bar) overlooks the bowling lanes and serves THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER.  Literally Syd and I split an 8 pieced mixed chicken (think 1 whole chicken eigthed up) and despite the raw decadence of it I was comppletely satisfied with every bite - not some KFC-2-pieces-into-a-bucket regret syndrome.  The skin was crispy yet not too greasy, very well seasoned, and the meat was juicy and piping hot. SO GOOD! The bowling lanes are the height of lounginess.  There are leather sofas to sit in when you are not bowling that face the sofa for the lane you share a ball return with - very social.  There were big screens at the end of the lanes showing the live music playing behind the rollers.  The wait staff was very friendly though they wouldnt let us eat standing up in the bowling area.  Fair enough I suppose. There is also a bar quarter, with counters you can eat off of (with a plate, these arent super clean counters or anything).  The bar has great beers on tap, and a healthy fully stocked bar behind the barkeeps - friendly but obviously very busy. 6 Point Craft and Brooklyn were great companions as well as this Sweet Nut Brown Ale named or produced by "Kelso"? Delish. The last quarter is the music venue/dance floor and stage.  We sat with the band's family (super friendly) and enjoyed our fried chicken, beers and music.  The stage was high enough to be easily viewable and the dance floor was big enough that a couple hundred people or more were there dancing without feeling like sardines.   The vibe at this place is a great reprieve from Manhattan bars and the people were all so congenial and relaxed.  Though spacious, you bump shoulders being a man of my stature,there was not a grimace or growl in the bunch.   Brooklyn Bowl has made a fan out of me - one might say it is right up my alley ;)
Not cheap, but worth it! Damn good fun, loud music, unusual intriguing interior and super cool vibe... Perfect place for a first date or to hang with friends.
.STRINGS ATTACHED. Considering the overstaffed nature of this bi-polar monolith its impossible not to be chaffed by the list-guy's stallwart refusal to give even a vague rough guesstimate on the wait, half hour? Three hours? Surely you can give me some vague idea? "if  I'm wrong your going to throw me under the bus for it" Uh, no, well he was half right by the end of the fruitless conversation I did want to throw him under a bus. They need to re-examine this policy, its infuriating and unreasonable. The bowling pins are attached to strings which drains a great deal of excitement from the game, they fall flat don't spin or bounce, I rented shoes for this? Seriously it compromises the character of the game in a very real way, its barely one step up from playing on the Nintendo Wii. Food is good but predictably pricey, list-guy aside service is good if not overabundant in a slightly disconcerting way. All in all you will likely have fun at Brooklyn Bowl but peel back a layer and there's something that feels a little dishonest about the way its run and put together, strings most definitely attached.
I was pleasantly overwhelmed when I walked in, not knowing where to turn and what to do first.  Naturally bowling was on the agenda, so we checked in there first to find out that on a Tuesday around 7PM-ish, there was at least an hour wait to bowl.  Luckily we went there with an appetite (and having a few beers at Spitzers) and easily copped a couple of stools at the bar.  The bartender was friendly, informational and attentive enough that my "friend" commented on it. Deviled Eggs are totally underrated and must be ordered if you're at Brooklyn Bowl.  The cheeseburger was pretty tasty and the fries could've used an layer of crisp.  The fish sandwich was pretty awesome too.   I liked that I didn't have to tote around shoes that so many others have worn before me, besides I'd be in them for a couple of hours worth of bowling F-U-N!!  Great music helped. Definitely going back ... probably on a Saturday to also have a visit with good buddy and a fave audiophile / DJ Unclemike!
Wow! This place is pretty amazing. There is A LOT to say about it, so I will see if I can break everything down. I went on a Friday night with 7 of us, including me. SPACE = awesome! It was really the perfect place for everyone because it is a mixture of restaurant, bar, bowling alley, and concert venue - there is a niche for everyone, despite the hipster vibe. However, it is pretty pricey, which, though worth it given the service, at the same time makes it the kind of place you can't go to all the time. I will write about that in a bit. SERVICE = fantastic.  I was AMAZED by the smooth transitions in service. I had zero problems with anyone, including the bouncer...and this was a FRIDAY night! To start, you have to give your name there to reserve a lane, they can't give you time frame because people have up to two hours to stay in a lane, so it's whenever someone is done. We waited an hour, which worked out perfectly, because in the mean time we ate at there. Once we were called for our lane (which pretty much happened just as we were getting dessert), they actually allowed us to pay for our food there, and then bring rest of it to the lane! The transition was perfect, because we also had waiters in our lane, to provide drinks and/or other food if we wanted it. Everyone was super friendly, too. FOOD = amazing. Fried chicken = ridiculously delicious, have it with the honey and it tops it all off. The bread that came with it was pretty crappy, though. We ordered the 16 piece one to share between 5 of us, and it was definitely enough. Fries = thin and stringy but delicious. Small order of mashed potatoes and coleslaw were good too. Bread Pudding =one of the best I've ever had. BOWLING + CONCERT = awesome This is the BEST part of it all...after being at the bar, then the restaurant, then being serviced at the bowling alley, you're watching a LIVE concert as well (which is why you paid cover). So you can dance and sing along while you're bowling away. It does, however, cost $25 per half hour to bowl, and your group can go up to 2 hours, so it can get pricey pretty quick. But the stage and audience is in perfect sight, and you can watch them on the bowling screens as well if you just want to focus on bowling. There were different people performing throughout the night, and a fantastic DJ, so there was lots of variety. Our main act was Slick Rick, who was okay. PRICES Even with a group of 7, it was still pretty pricey. Granted, we wanted to get the full experience of the place, so we started out at the bar, jammed out at the concert, had full meals at the restaurant, then went bowling while watching the main act. Cover price = $15 each (this allows you to go to the concert venue) Food = $44 for 16piece fried chicken (worth it if you're sharing with 5 people) + a bunch of other stuff we got Bowling = $5 per shoe rental, $25 per half hour use Bar = $6 or 7 for cheap drinks, I think. OVERALL I gave this 4 stars because while it is an awesome place, in order to experience it FULLY (drinks + food + bowling + music), you would need at least $40, to be safe. This is assuming you're paying $15 cover, $5 for shoes, contributing at least another $5 for your lane, then ordering food/drinks....great place to go for groups, and while the service/transitions were impeccable, the money adds up quickly!
Shaggys performance was GREAT!!!!!! The food and drinks were good and its a nice place to hang out with friends!
We had such a great experience here! My boyfriend and I went for my birthday. We decide to eat & see a show. I had the hummus plate and the greek salad french bread pizza (Best Meal Ever) My boyfriend had the fried chicken- he loved it. The show was great- The New Deal and Questlove DJ'd afterwards (MJ tribute party- awesome) Did not bowl- but definitely will next time! Plus, they have champagne! Love.
I'll be straight up with you.  Brooklyn Bowl is probably the nicest bowling alley I've ever been to.  The food is the best food I've ever had at a bowling alley (far better than the other "fancy alleys" like Bowlmore and Chelsea Pier).  Good beer selection (although I didn't drink that night).  The monitors and clean lanes and general atmosphere make you feel like you are bowling professionally rather than bowling a 103 like you actually are.  Our lane broke down twice but before we even had a chance to call someone over, there was some dude literally sprinting down our lane to fix it only to disappear behind the pins seconds later like some bowling alley ninja of sorts.   But be warned... be sure you are bowling with a decent sized group or else you will get hammered on how they charge the lanes; which is a large hourly rate regardless of how many people are bowling.   "So Camp," you might be saying... "if it's the best bowling alley you've ever been to... what gives?  why 4 stars and not 5?"  Well I'll tell you why... this alley has something that a keeps it from being perfect.  Complete douche-iness.  All you want from a place like this is to blast some Journey or some other hard rock bowling alley music.  Instead the huge video screens were showing strange videos with political messages about Iran and George Bush (I thought we were over him already) and blasting trancy like dub music from DJ Spooky.  Our group all agreed that we felt like we were being hypnotized.  This is a bowling alley people, we don't want your stupid political messages when we bowl... we want beer and we want rock and roll and we want good times.  I have lived in Greenpoint / Williamsburg for 3 years and all I have to say is please Williamsburg.... you've douched up so many places don't douche this place up... it has far too much potential for you to ruin it.
I was with a group of friends planning on enjoying the taps of the Brooklyn Brewery on a Saturday when we came to realize that Williamsburg had discovered(at least on this particular Saturday) the greatness that is the Brooklyn Brewery. Our plan was dashed, as the place was overflowing. Luckily, someone mentioned the bowling alley was nearby. I didn't realize that Brooklyn Bowl shares the block with the Brewery! Around the corner! It was going to be great. However, we went into Brooklyn Bowl around 4:30PM, and were told it would be a 3 hour wait to get a lane. 3 Hours! An already disheartening trip to the area seemed to only get worse. However, we decided to head to the bar and wait for a few more friends that were going to meet up with us. Saddling up to the bar, things started looking up. They had Brooklyn beer on tap. All Brooklyn! Brooklyn Brewery, Kelso, and Sixpoint. It was a good sign. Then we had some appetizers. I had no idea that the best wings in Brooklyn were at Brooklyn Bowl. More appetizers, more beers, more friends, and suddenly it's 3 hours later and we've been given a lane for bowling. Final bowling scores aside, it was awesome. Pitchers of beer, and a soundtrack provided by the live entertainment located behind the rows of bowling lanes made for a great night. We left around the time the club scene started at Brooklyn Bowl, and that was all right by me. It was a great early evening/night option when drinking and bowling with friends is what you're looking for. It's not really cheap, but it *was* really fun.
First time in New York and I really had a fun time. I was here with two other friends on Thursday to see Questlove. They have bowling, music and a bar. I think those are great elements to put together in one place. Not to mention the food was great. I had the fried chicken with the honey. Awesome way to have it. I truely  enjoyed myself here. I can't wait for another trip to maybe try the bowling.
two words: DISCO FRIES.  I dream about them at night.  Have not bowled there yet but seems to be a cool space
If you are desperate to have a vacation, but don't have time or money to physically go to Texas or Vegas, you can come to this place for a mini alternative. First of all, this place is in the middle of nothing even though it's in Williamsburg and only 6 blocks away from L train. It will psychologically give you a sense that you are far away from the city. Secondly, Bowl is amazingly spacious. There are at least three bars, one restaurant, one stage, one dancing floor, and sixteens lanes of bowling. Again, you will give your mind a trick that you are not in the city because whatever you do, you are still able to keep distance of at least 1 feet from anyone. This is what you can never achieve in Manhattan. The brick walls and wood attic roof perfectly create an ambiance resembling those skiing resorts in the US. Unfortunately, the quality and prices of the food you can order here also resemble the catering at the resorts. But anyway, it's not a simulating vacation to Paris or Rome and I assume you won't care it too much to eat fries on skiing trip.
After a few blocks of gps-rambling in the northwesterly direction from the Bedford train, I happened upon this relatively nondescript brick building. Upon entry (at 3PM) I was given a handstamp (without explanation) to scrub off later and was greeted by a country-western-southern-ish atmosphere. Given the time of the day, the joint wasn't jumping, but I was meeting a group of friends here so that was a plus. We popped over to the 'front desk' and requested a lane and gave our shoe sizes (which they bring, in baskets, to the lane) and were bowling in 15 or so minutes. Not bad. We were quick to booze it up (good times) and the music seemingly varied in a good way, though I can't be sure as everything gets better with a couple of beers--even questionable music. We bowled three games and really had a great time. The sofas are super-comfy, there were places for shoes, etc. under the central table, and we generally had a good bit of space even if we (a group of 9 an hour or so into it, of which 6 were bowling) were overflowing into others' areas. We spent bank here (~$400), which included 3 pitchers of margaritas, 3 pitchers of beer, 3 plates of pita w/hummus, our 3 games, 6 pairs of bowling shoes, and maybe one or two other food dishes. Not bad, all told, as good times were (seemingly) had by all.
Love the archaic carnie vibe, exposed brick and attention to detail of the place (recycled bowling lane table tops).  Great tap selection of local Brooklyn breweries (Sixpoint, Brooklyn, Kelso), food is fantastic - hats off to blue ribbon and especially the wonderful layout of the menu, and the cush leather couches on the lanes.  Sure, it's a bit pricey, but the vibe is spot on and it pulls big names constantly as a venue.  Great addition to Williamsburg, who doesn't love bowling and watching pop rocks music videos with a brew.
I have no idea why there are so many good reviews for this place. Came here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday - she just wanted to be able to bowl, eat, drink, and have a good time. First, we had to pay $5 cover for some lame band even if we didn't want to be there for the band. Then, we got there at 7pm, and in the next three hours, not once did she get called for a bowling lane, despite the fact that there were 5 lanes at any given time being unoccupied. When I asked somebody why there were so many lanes unused, the guy said, "it's because we're calling someone 2-3x and to give them time to make their way through the crowds so that they can go bowling." WHY DO YOU CALL THEM instead of texting them WHEN NO ONE CAN HEAR THEIR CELL PHONES in that noise?!?!?!?! Who the hell knew that you don't come here to go bowling? We left at 10:15pm because it was an overrated space for hipsters.......no thanks, I will not be back.
I can only review this place as a music venue. I haven't bowled here, but I went to see a band last Thursday. I loved it here. The sound and lighting were great. The space is enormous and when I was there, it was packed shoulder to shoulder. Thankfully, the staff enforces rules about who can walk through where for what reason, so it isn't a complete madhouse. Another plus is that if you're too short to see what's happening on stage, there's a large screen with a projection of the stage mounted on the wall, so everyone can enjoy the show;) I would definitely come back here for a show. I loved the atmosphere too. Especially the wall of fuzzy painted bowling pins! The only downside is that if you come hungry, you'll probably leave that way if the place is packed.
Since January, I've been digging Thursday nights at Brooklyn Bowl. Best place for HIP HOP enthusiasts. If ?uestlove (The Roots), Bizmarkie, or Talib Kweli are dj'ing, I'm there! ?questlove seems to infuse certain themes into his set (e.g. Fela/African soul or Prince) plus his old school jamz. Bizmarkie is all over the place like a fun house party (OPP, Slam, Nirvana...) and Talib was surprisingly jamming out the new hits alongside of Wu Tang and other hip hop artists. Amazing dance floor space (and I don't even care for clubs) in addition to the bowling and fantastic food available. Best pizza: The Theresa - butternut squash, mushrooms, roasted garlic. Friends, bday, date... LOVE BK Bowl!
I want to get my review in before the inevitable backlash begins. There's almost certainly going to be a lot of local kvetching about this place. First things first: Brooklyn Bowl is really, really nice. The overall vibe is incredibly, unabashedly slick. Imagine if Ian Schrager tried his hand at a Dave & Buster's. The owners have obviously spared no expense in the design and realization of the venue, and even advertise their LEED certification on promotional materials. The darkly glittering space is cavernous and exceedingly well-appointed. Among its amenities are two very serious looking bars so well stocked they remind you of the gun shop from  "Commando"; a Blue Ribbon restaurant; a very nice stage for live music witn a dancefloor; a store selling Brooklyn Bowl merchandise (!), and of course innumerable bowling lanes (16, actually). The lofty ceiling features exposed and freshly lacquered wooden joists lit from below by soft red and purple lights, and the rest of the decor presents a squeaky clean nod to the building's former life as an industrial space. After even a quick glance around Brooklyn Bowl, one shudders to think of the fate of The Gutter, the intentionally dingy, much-loved and decidedly not LEED-certified bowling alley located approximately three blocks away. Something tells me, however, that The Gutter will be OK. While it's a little absurd that there are now two bowling alleys standing basically shoulder-to-shoulder in a neighborhood that still somehow lacks a decent-sized grocery store, it's a safe bet that the two alleys will cater to distinctly different clientele. And ultimately that's the hardest thing to swallow about Brooklyn Bowl: the stoney-faced seriousness of it all. The Gutter is so popular because it knows its audience: after all, Williamsburg is probably the neighborhood with the highest per capita percentage of ironic disaffection in the country. Bowling alleys, as a rule, are not cool. People love The Gutter for its (admittedly studied) shabbiness, right down to the cheeky name. It reminds you of a time in your youth when you went to the local, authentically run-down bowling alley in your hometown because there was nothing else to do, and maybe because they served beer to minors. You had ironic fun with your cool friends mingling with the pudgy members of the weekly leagues, but you couldn't have cared less about the score, because you weren't actually into bowling. On the other hand, the sleek sheen of Brooklyn Bowl's mega-entertainment complex presents bowling as something that is legitimately fun as a pursuit in its own right. It's probably going to be a bitter pill for locals to swallow, and I imagine most of the clientele will be part of a diaspora from other, less tattooed regions to the west. The scale of the venue's ambition is impressive, but it speaks the same language as the locally despised condo developments along the waterfront, with their faux-industrial branding and antiseptic recasting of the neighborhood's historical style. And while it's exciting to have a Blue Ribbon-run restaurant in the neighborhood, there's also something problematic about the idea of bowling alley as destination restaurant. Maybe it will work, somehow. On the whole, Brooklyn Bowl is impressive and perversely fascinating. It will be interesting to see what becomes of it.
Brooklyn Bowl tries an awful lot to be a jack of all trades - there's bowling, a space for bands/performers, a bar, a lounge area and a dining space. For people who don't know this layout (aka me), you'll get awfully confused trying to figure out this place. What I really didn't like was the wait for lanes - I came on a Saturday night - granted, my friends and I would have to wait a while for a lane but we waited from 8-11:30pm and STILL didn't get a lane. I'm glad the food allows the wait to be a little more bearable (yes, order that fried chicken and deluxe burger but skip the poutine-esque appetizer) but I can only eat so much fried chicken till I fall over from a severe food coma. I also highly suggest getting your own drink from the bar rather than the waitstaff (who gets the drinks from the dining space) cause my drink was too sweet and not enough alcohol from there but the drink was decent from the bar. If you don't fancy their fried chicken (it's ridiculously expensive for no reason, even if it is delicious), I would suggest going to Red Star over on Greenpoint Ave to get some munchies before coming here. **Their bathroom location is not suitable for those with small bladders while moderately/severely intoxicated
brooklyn bowl opened about seven blocks from my building not too long ago. it took me a long time to warm up to it. i've got all the complaints you'd expect from a jaded hipster. however, it's difficult for me to diss a huge polished place, fantastic food, bowling, and live music most nights of the week. the roots show there put the rest of my adolescent malcontent to sleep. i say two thumbs up-  great brooklyn fun. i'm a local artist. i've paid homage to brooklyn bowl in a piece of mine: boroughoflostboys.com/20…
Brooklyn Bowl is a great space that can be used in so many different ways. My first visit last night was to see Robert Randolph and the Family Band, and I was not disappointed by the show or the venue. It was not crowded when I arrived around 7 p.m. on a Thursday night. I don't think there was even a wait for a bowling lane, though I passed on the opportunity to put my skillz on display, instead opting to grab drinks and sit on a couch in the entry area. The drinks were quite strong, but in a good way. The servers were also very friendly and happy to chat. We then moved over to the main performance space, which is to the left of the bowling lanes. I'd estimate that several hundred people can fit there comfortably, but I'm glad we got there early and got in front. The advertised start time for the show was 8 p.m., but the concert didn't actually begin until about 20 minutes past 9. More time to drink! The sound was good, there was ample room for me and my hot date to get our dance groove on, and it felt like an intimate show, even though it took place in an old warehouse. I can't really comment on the food or the bowling since I didn't partake in either, but with Blue Ribbon handling the eats, I'm sure you can't go wrong. I'll definitely be back, and you should go too.
A venue and a bowling alley, yes! Been here for two shows, had a great time. The nut brown beer they have on tap is sublime :) There's plenty of space to dance around or shimmy around, whatever you like. I keep on wanting to come bowl, but I haven't had the opportunity. The posters advertise some decent shows, so I would definitely go back if a band I liked was playing. It ranges from being free to having a cover, so you kind of have to plan on when you're going, you can't just show up! They have some interesting themed nights as well, I recall a discobowl... It's a perfect place to go to with a group of friends... oh, and the bathrooms are really clean!
I've been to Brooklyn Bowl a few times now for bowling and for concerts.  It is a truly unique space in the city but is ALWAYS crowded.  Be prepared to wait hours for a lane, pay a lot for beer ($26 pitchers!), and bump into people.  But you'll have a great time!
As a music venue, I do not feel it at all. I think Brooklyn Bowl needs a new system. For all the time they take with a digital soundcheck, you'd just expect better. I saw Naam and Earl Greyhound here last night and was simply disappointed. The vocals were totally warbled. And sadly, the only one who sounded even partially worth anything listening to was Matt Whyte of EG. I also have a bone to pick with ticketing services. This place is open for everything. Same entrance for bar, food, bowling and shows/events. There needs to be a much better system. I paid using their online ticketing service for two tickets and when I walked in, my ID was checked and hand stamped but no checking off of a list or ticket reception took place. So basically, what you're saying ... I could just come to "Get Your Dance On" (every Saturday 4 to 7pm) and get a free show. I want my money back to be honest with you, because I don't think it was fair. And there is a serious lack of organization that would be solved with a simple entrance differentiation. There is no point in buying tickets online. Not only does the surcharge mean you pay more for the convenience, but they charge you the service charge TWICE! Are they stupid? I bought two tickets in one transaction and it makes sense that there is a service fee but multiplying that by tickets purchased makes no sense. Then they have the nerve, when I arrive to be charging the SAME PRICE for same-day tickets that I paid for the advanced ticket purchase. It clearly states on the website that the tickets are 7 bucks day of. Now, I'm not going to argue for 2 dollars. That's useless but I want to give you the people the information that I gathered on my first Brooklyn Bowl as music venue experience. It's only fair. You know, it's serious. I haven't written a review in over a year. But I do it for you the people. I love live music shows but I'm gonna have to go with 'no' on this one in that respect. Let me know when you get better acoustics and a better ticketing system and I'll think about returning.
This place is so much fun! Only been here as a music fan but ended up loving everything this place has to offer. It isn't cheap but it's worth if you can/want to splurge. I got the hummus plate and the blackened salmon, both very good and good portions as well. Next time I will have to try the fried chicken but I was honestly too excited about the show I was about to see that it distracted me from anything else. The atmosphere of this place is sick, so much to do/see. Will have to hit it up next time I'm in the area ... or just make another special trip!
Delicious but expensive food. Great music venue. Too expensive for me to want to bowl definitely not a dive. The concerts are always great. The sound is way better than Webster Hall, Terminal 5 or Bowery Ballroom. The concert area often has picnic tables so you can order drinks and food while you watch. There is usually enough room for dancing, which is to say, I ACTUALLY SAW HIPSTERS DANCE HERE! Concerts draw a mixed crowd (age and style wise).
Place smelled like vomit (friend's observation) When we walked through looked like they were sweeping some up actually. DJ Questlove heavily disappointed. All mellow hip-hop... rarely uptempo. Was like stuff you'd listen to on a rainy day.... AT HOME. So why am I in Brooklyn again?
Now let me put in the disclaimer that this review is based on a Tuesday night visit so I have no idea what the weekends are like. The service was impressive to say the least.  I mean the staff was super attentive and helpful... From making sure my friends and I always had either a bowl or drink (or both) in our hand to bringing us better fitting shoes.  After our time had expired, we weren't rushed out or nagged.  (I mean it was a Tuesday night but still) they were very nice.  The facilities were well maintained and the food.... Oh the Blue Ribbon food was not your average bowling alley food... Fried oysters, shrimp salad, fried chicken (not fingers but on the bone chicken!) were all divine!  Gimlets were nice and liner and strong.... And the bowling wasn't bad either :-)
I haven't been here for the food or bowling, so I cannot comment on that aspect of the venue. I've been here for some shows and drinks though and have experienced the impressive ambience. Because of the historic building this place is housed in, it has a lot of potential to be awesome. The concert area is great, but it's a bit surreal to see people drunkenly bowling and shoving chicken fingers down their throats at the same time. The "control" (bouncers, etc.) outside are unfortunately pretty rude. A bit of the decor inside is cheesy, but overall it's an interesting space along the warehouses of old Williamsburg. The clientele is a bit bourgie, hipster, and young (early 20s) but if you can overlook that...They occasionally book really good acts and the ticket prices are fair.
This place is an amazing live venue. The vibe with the music is fantastic. The real treat here is the fried chicken though. After mixing honey with the chicken it was like Bubbles first discovering crack on The Wire. Amazing!! Oh and don't get me started on the Mac and cheese...phenomenal.
Brooklyn Bowl is lots of fun. It's large and spacious, and has a grungier, hipster feel that can only be expected in Brooklyn. If you're getting food, make sure to try the fried oyster deviled egg... definitely a unique appetizer that I enjoyed. And remember to be careful of the long lines for bowling!
Really good and fun place. I've come here quite a few times for the bowling and the food provided by Blue Ribbon. Really yummy food. The bowling is a little expensive but this place makes up for it with their all in one venue. Food, concerts ( often to hippy for my taste) and awesome bowling. Fun atmosphere at all times. Good place
I'm forever loyal to Chi Illa but I LOVES ME SOME NEW YORK!!!!! While chowing down at  DelFrisco's with my guy and a girlfriend, my guy gets a phone call that Snoop is performing at Brooklyn Bowl in an hour. Wait a minute....a concert at a bowling alley? We were down like four flat tires!  We punched the address in the navi, headed across the Williamsburg Bridge and pulled up to the BB to find a long line snaking down the street. We were immediately escorted in and grabbed a lane. It turned out we were the only ones at the show who would be bowling--everyone else was crowded around the stage eagerly awaiting the arrival of Snoop. My girlfriend and I really wanted to bowl in our stilettos  but the evil Lane Nazi was on us like maggots on hot garbage and forced us to get...gulp... bowling shoes!  At least he was nice enough to get us socks. The icky bowling shoes brought my SQ (sexy quotient) down a few points, but the fellas didn't seem to mind too much! Our group of about 10 got our bowl, drink and Crip walk on as Snoop, Daz, Kurupt and a couple other random dudes rocked the mic right for about an hour. Patron shots, margaritas and Belvedere were the drinks du nuit and we also munched on some of the best fried chicken I've had in a long time. Brooklyn Bowl is a modern venue complete with 16 lanes, ginormous hi-def screens, electronic scoring and large, comfy leather couches. Service is friendly and fast...the Lane Nazi went out of his way to get us everything we needed as long as our heels didn't touch "his" hardwood. Cool spot!
I don't know what else new can be said about this place.  I'm sure it's all been covered in the 500+ reviews that precede this one.  Yeah, the bowling can be a little pricey but you're not going to find another place like this anywhere.  Live venue / bar / club / critically-acclaimed food all under one roof.  Great staff too.  It's sort of a must-visit.  Great place to take out-of-towners to show them what the "new Brooklyn" looks like nowadays. I can also confirm that I know at least three women that will commit cold blooded homicide for the disco fries.
My favorite venue in the city. The food is consistently delicious  (try the oyster shooters, catfish dinner, collards, sloppy joes with cole slaw) etc.The variety of music is excellent and the beer is all good as well. I've never gone bowling there but overall the pace is fine.
Saturday, February 6th may go down in history as one of the worst nights of my life. My friend and I ventured out via car, credit card in hand, ready to pick up our will call preordered tickets for the Hot Chip DJ set. Upon arrival it was quite clear that no one had ANY idea where they were supposed to be. Long line to the left, mass of people/short line to the right. Presale and non ticket holders in both. We opted for the short line, naturally, and preceded to be squished into the 10 foot alley that leads to their front door for about 30 minutes. One we had moved up about 5 feet we realized that our line and the line to the left were really just the same throng of utterly confused people. Every ten minutes or so security would come out and tell people to move to the sides, but still wasn't clear who moved to what side. WHAT A CLUSTERFUCK. This entire scenario could have been solved by having an employee outside prior to the event start time to regulate the lines. Or even sign and a velvet rope. You know. Those things business' do to manage lines. The one positive thing of being huddles so close to strangers is that it almost helped to avoid the 11 DEGREE WEATHER WITH A WIND CHILL OF LIKE NEGATIVE 5 COMING OFF THE WATER. My wiper fluid FROZE when it hit my windshield on our way to the venue. THIS IS NOT THE END. After standing there for a half an hour an employee finally gets the bright idea  to form to solid lines designated to those who have tickets, and those who don't. Naturally this meant that the people at the back of our mess got to be in the front of the new lines. Joy! The non purchased tickets line rolled (slowly, but rolled) on in to the ticket window. The rest of us sorry assholes leaked through the id check to the ONE MAN checking a will call list. This took another half an hour. Saturday, February 6th, decked in a nice dress and ready to dance, I stood in  the freezing cold, two blocks from the river, with wind smacking my face FOR AN HOUR. By the time we got within five feet of the door (again) we realized we were the most annoyed popsicles on the face of the earth and opted to ask for our money back and leave. I bought tickets ahead of time to avoid this. Never again, Brooklyn Bowl, never again. Oh and Sunday? My cheeks were so red and blotchy with wind burn. My throat hurt a little. Monday? Cheeks better, swollen throat. Tuesday? Can't see the back of my throat my tonsils are so swollen. Snotting up a storm. Great!
Wouldn't let my 70 year old mother in bc she didn't have her ID. Would give it zero stars if I could. Complete pricks about it too. Welcome to the wburg where there's no soul, no regulars, and no sense of style or grace. If you love coca cola, big macs, and all thats wonderul about corporate america, change into your skinny jeans when you get home from your job at morgan stanley, go to Brooklyn bowl and live it up with your fellow "hipsters"!   Oh and their fried chicken is often greasy and oversalted.
Good venue for music and dancing. However, a few warnings: the coat check is tiny and gets "full" so you might not be able to check a coat. I was told when I arrived at 11:40pm for a 12am show that the coat check staffers needed to switch all the tags (not sure what this meant), which they said would take 20 minutes, but took much longer, so most customers danced while holding their coats (not so fun) or threw them in piles along the sides of the venue. Also, note that the floor gets very sticky with spilled drinks and also gets littered with plastic cups which swirl around as you dance. Because of this, I would not wear particularly fancy shoes.
Oh, Brooklyn Bowl.  I am sorry it took me so long to visit you and partake in all your goodness.   This place is all about comfort and fun.  It's an absolutely perfect spot to just be yourself and have a great time, however you wish to do so.  Maybe your idea of a perfect night is catching some live music and having some tasty brews.   Or maybe you would like to get some fantastic food and then lounge on an oversized couch while listening to music in the background.  Or perhaps you would like to bowl and people-watch.  Or any and all of the above.  Brooklyn Bowl makes this all possible for you.   The disco fries were THE BEST.   Yes, I am using ALL CAPS.  I don't even like fries and I could easily live off of these fries for the rest of my life, if I had unlimited funds and no concern about my health.  I love that they are shoestring fries and not thick or crinkle or waffle fries.  Shoestring fries are the best fries to cover in gravy and cheese, trust me.   And the mac and cheese lived up to the hype.   The portions are humongous so bring some buddies and an appetite.  Then dance off the calories! I was nervous that the stage being next to bowling lanes would affect the sound quality but I had no reason to be.  The band sounded clear and wonderful and I didn't hear a whole lot of bowling balls hitting pins whatsoever.  In fact, if I were blind, I would have not realized there was a bowling alley three feet away from me.   Even the bathrooms are clean and large and not offensive.   I can tell you that I've been to many, many venues over the years and spacious, clean bathrooms are always a big plus.  You're drinking, you're sweaty, you're dancing all night... you're going to have to go eventually and a yucky, tiny bathroom is a buzzkill.  And a health hazard! As someone who used to be a regular at Wetlands, I can say that I am beyond impressed with what the former Wetlands  owners came up with in Brooklyn Bowl.  They really hit the nail right on the head when it came to creating a perfect space.  I'm ready to go back already!
Love the venue.  The pins on strings is odd though good if it's truly greener.  Great food (Blur Ribbon) and decent drink selection.  Two things would make this a truly excellent place: 1. Put dividers on the tables.  While we'd like to think of our neighbors and being polite, this is Williamsburg.  Prevent the douchedom with a simple divider.  Just because the next lane has more people on theirs than yours shouldn't mean they get to take over your couch too.  Each lane is paying the same.  Help them (since the obviously can't help themselves) not be a douche and be polite.  A net, a card really anything that sits in the middle of the table would suffice. 2. Kill the battle of the DJ vs. The Band soundcheck.  Seriously guys,  you can't have the band do their soundcheck during the day?  I get that it's a music venue too, but do you need to have both playing at the same time (I'm referring to earlier than their appointed show).
We had such a great time here!  I think it's kid's day on Saturday, we came with our 15 month old and our friend's three year old, and they had a great time running around and dancing.  We didn't bowl, just hung out at a table and ordered some tasty food.  The french bread pizza was awesome, as were the milkshakes.  Pork sandwich was a little fatty but still tasty.  My only complaint was A. the band's very loud soundcheck, which I wouldn't have minded if we weren't there with the kids, and B. the Reisling by the glass was old and skunky.  A very fun family afternoon was had by all though, and we'll be back soon.
I'll start with the only caveat: this place gets expensive really quick. For instance, pitchers of Brooklyn Lager are $23. Brooklyn Lager is $5 and every other variation of it is $6. So if you go and get three pitchers, keep in mind that is already $70! The food is pretty amazing. The Blue Ribbon family of restaurants in NYC is known to be great. I have eaten several items on the menu and think I can narrow down what is worth eating: 1) French Bread Pizza! The Beach and the San Gennaro varieties are both really good 2) Mac and Cheese - super rich and super good, it will make you fatter but totally worth it 3) Rock and Roll Fries - Fries, cheese, gravy, and seasoning. Just delightful 4) Collared Greens - THE best side 5) The Wings - they have this crazy smokey BBQ flavor and come with a premium Blue Cheese to dip them in, highly suggested As a music venue, I love this place. I have yet to bowl here but it looks fun - $50/hour, they charge by the half hour
Come for the bowling..then when you don't get a lane, stay for the music and fun scene...and maybe they'll surpise you with a lane!   We came here at 11pm on a Friday night thinking we could get a bowling lane.  I was promptly told by the bowling czar that nothing would open up until 3am at the earliest.  Oh well.  I walked away.  My group got drinks (great selection of local beers on tap and food fro blue ribbon...delish) and hung out and meandered to the HUGE dance floor/large hang out space.   There was this funky electronica band.  I'm not into that music but it was a really fun atmosphere.  So we kept drinking and dancing.  A couple more times throughout the night I checked with the bowling czar on a lane because people weren't using all of them.  He continued to give me disappointing answers.   BUT...FINALLY....Bowling czar comes to find me in this huge place and is so excited to tell me that they have a lane for me!  It was 1:30am so this was impressive.  Even more impressive because I never even put my name down on the official list.  VERY cool of him to seek my group out and give us a lane.  We were psyched and had a blast.   Thanks BB!  I'll come earlier next time.
Just went to see Les Claypool perform.  The staff were very friendly and it's a really cool spot.  I didn't bowl, but I did enjoy the atmosphere.  My only gripe is that the lightning wasn't very good.  I like to be able to see the musicians. Otherwise, it was cool.
This review is biased. Now granted BB is a great venue and probably on any other night, I would have given it 3 to 4 stars, but Notorius MSG was playing here last night, and I am still speechless... This is not like the lame bowling alleys you went to as a kid in Bumblefuck USA. Instead, BB is a grown-up hipster chic version complete with Brooklyn only beers on tap, a restaurant with hot burlesque-type waitstaff, a bowling alley and a stage for performances. You can definitely spend all night here without getting bored. We arrived a few hours before the show, so we could get a good view of the band. We started off with tap beers. I had a Sixpoint Sweet Action. I can't think of a better way to start the weekend than with an ice cold Brooklyn draft beer! After hanging around a bit in their beautiful lobby area replete with large armchairs, we opted for some food. They have an area for eating where you have to be seated. A cute waitress promptly seated us. We shared an 8 piece mixed fried chicken plate that comes with Texas Toast and honey ($22). I don't get to eat much fried chicken, so this was a nice treat. The fried chicken had a great crispy batter and inside it was tender and juicy. Even the breast wasn't dry. After eating, we moved back over to the stage area. The stage is large so it was able to showcase the bands well. Hsu-Nami opened for MSG, and really I can't think of a better combo. Er-hu mixed with rock and then Wu-Tang mixed with biker. Now that's my kind of evening. I guess the metalhead is still within me even after all these years...
Huge fan because they bring in great performers. Think: Questlove, the Roots, John Legend. I go, dance, drink, be merry, and do not bowl. Lots of space to dance like a maniac. People are generally chill. I like the security guards and ?uestlove's MC is legit. Drinks are also not badly priced. Get this... I actually drink dirty martinis at this bowling establishment. who does that?!
wellll if there were half-stars, i'd give brooklynbowl a 4.5. its a great spot and nearly perfect, but just not quite a 5. i went on a thursday night to see ?UESTLOVE (sorry if the "?" was douchey of me.. i dont know if thats how im suppoed to write out his name) DJ. He didn't come on til 12ish, so we got a couple games of bowling/drinking in..   i think the price (of bowling) may have a bit to do with the -.5 star. Now if youre going with a group of people, the price is completely reasonable. But its price per lane, $25/half hour... so that adds up quick when youre just with one other person. But regardless its definitely a good time and worth the price! Theres a good selection of drinks- liquor and beer... and though i didnt order any food, i checked out the menu and it looked AWESOME.. worth noting, a creamsoda-esque concoction with (brace yourself)- nutella and a shot of bourbon. ?uestlove's set was sweet.. i was gettin my dance on like i was at a 7th grade mixer. they had episodes of 70s Soul Train playing on the big screen, including commercials for geri-curl and the like.. definitely entertaining. the bartender was real cool, and remembered my boyfriends name after our first round, which deserves a thumbs-up. OH one small complaint... my boyfriend bowled a turkey (3 strikes in a row) but no turkey flashed on the screen!!! bummmmer.
I came here to see glass candy, they were good minus some mic feedback issues. Other than that, the crowd that comes here is blah. Why do people exactly need luxury blowling? And also, if you live in Jersey, what satisfaction are you getting by bowling at a place far away from all the actually fun offerings of Williamsburg. Bridge And Tunnel people, there's the wonderfully overpriced Lucky Strikes in Manhattan which I assume is more convenient for you, just go there! I prefer my ghetto neighborhood bowling Shell Lanes = 1.75 per game Woot! UPDATE: --------------------------------------------------­- anon. Block User Nothing about the great food or moderately priced drinks?   nice concert venue- a great addition to williamsburg.   A fun bowling alley in a sketchy section of town, 1 star!!! Dont be a hater-they are new. -------------- Wow, could Brooklyn Bowl get any lamer. I will be avoiding this house of losers at all costs.
The Brooklyn Bowl is impressive. It's a bowling alley. It's a concert venue. It's a five-star restaurant. It's even kind of a movie theatre? In any case, just popping in to the Brooklyn Bowl for a drink is enough to take in all of it's activity. One review here calls it an "adult playground" and I couldn't agree more. Though I've never bowled here (I hear it's a bit pricey), I've been here to see multiple bands, and the venue is actually pretty nice. Every time I visit, there is a random movie projected on the walls, from Planet Earth to the Life Aquatic to Avatar. It's pretty cool to take a break from the bowling alley or the band to check out some cool movies. The restaurant is a branch of Blue Ribbon, the acclaimed Manhattan eatery. Don't be fooled - it's not cheap! I ordered a crock of baked mac and cheese w/ artichoke and black olives and paid about $12. It was REALLY good, but I know there's cheaper mac and cheese elsewhere. You're not going to Brooklyn Bowl if you're strapped for cash. That said, bring some friends and make sure they have some cash to spend. It's a great night out, if you can afford it!
Yes! Brooklyn Bowl is fun! It's huge, that's what I like best about it. Lots and lots of distractions from music to bowling to getting lost on the way to the bathroom.
Do you remember how, when you were little - your older brother would steal your screwball ice-cream, mere minutes after buying it from the ice-cream truck? (Maybe not, but hey - mine was a jerk growing up okay?) Yeah, Brooklyn Bowl is kind of like that. The food here is so good (the chicken wings are amazing - the salads delicious - the disco fries indulgant and the desserts spectacular) - but what is UP with the waitstaff? Is Brooklyn Bowl training these servers to be American Gladiators? When I order a wedge salad - I'd like to retain the bowl from which it came, so that I can USE the salad dressing, people. (We had to fight off servers from a constant barrage of attempts to take full plates of food away). Umm, I had a chicken wing in my mouth and a busser quite literally snatched up a few napkins  - (including one that was under my elbow (?!) - which caused an errant fork to go flying from the table, smearing sauce all over my dining companion. We had a shared plate of disco fries which were obviously still being eaten, when a staffer came over and attempted to remove the plate AS WE WERE TRYING TO TAKE A FRY. Had it not been so comical (what - are you trying to tell us something you jerks?) - I would have been fuming. I've had this happen a few times at BKB, and it's absolutely maddening. The restaurant wasn't packed - we had ordered a lot of food & drink - and for the life of me, I just can't understand the logic. Do you prefer bad tips or are you just plain stupid? Is your entire wait-staff trained in the art of ninja plate reconnaissance? My advice: Eat here - but eat before 7pm, and at the bar where the 'tenders will take better care of you. Additional advice: Don't try to reclaim the Screwball from your brother by punching him as he's eating it. Choking on the gumball at the bottom = real damper.
This place is amazing! Bowling + live classic rock cover band + great food = a great excuse to leave Manhattan Pretty easy to get their by the L train. Food was great (fried chicken, fried, and BBQ beef sandwich were all hits with our group). There's not a ton of seating for food, so be prepared to wait a bit
Walked over to Brooklyn Bowl after finding out the Brewery was closed. Liked that there were two live bands playing. Went through the entire line-up of Brooklyn beers with my cousin and had dinner. He enjoyed the cheeseburger and I loved the Cuban Pork Sandwhich. A lot of care goes into making their food. It comes out in the delicious taste. Lines at the bar get long when the crowd comes in towards the end of the night.
My very first time at Brooklyn Bowl was to see DJ Neil Armstrong (sense a trend with me?) after he got big with Adidas and started touring with Jay-Z. As I pulled to the neighborhood all I saw were abandoned warehouses, almost felt like the ghetto Brooklyn during the crack era minus the pipes and needles on the ground. I was scurred until I reached one building with lights and a bouncer standing out front so I reckoned that was it (idiot me missed the neon Brooklyn Bowl sign up above duh). I walked in and was amazed at the size of this joint. There was 1 decent sized bar with seating area for food and another humungous bar that was a longass stretch. After you pass all this there's a clubsized dance floor and a stage! I was like wow! Wait...isn't this a bowling alley? At the dance floor I looked to the right and saw maybe 20 lanes. DJ Armstrong came on and did his thing as always while all the hipsters danced to their own rhythm lol. The place was definitely happening with booze and hot beats. Despite it being the first time out after a break-up it was exactly what I needed, some boozing and grooving. His spinning stint ended at 11 and the music changed with a quickness. As we were leaving there was a line around the corner! Lucky for me, hip-hop's not big with them hipsters huh
We showed up around midnight on a Thursday night and by the time we sat down and ordered a late dinner a lane had opened up for us. We took a seat on the big leather couches five feet from the DJ booth where ?uestlove was spinning an amazing mix made up of mostly classic soul. Large screens playing remixed Soul Train clips, carnival meets street art decor, and the huge dance floor really made for an amazing atmosphere. Our food was delivered to our lane promptly; I ordered Mac & Cheese and it was delicious and the portion was HUGE! Had it been a little earlier I would have absolutely tried the storied fried chicken. The server was very attentive, particularly for how busy and spread out the lanes were. There is a cover, but on the evening we were there it was only $8. The food and drink prices were quite reasonable, particularly for the portions. Bowling prices are a little steep, but not unreasonable. Not only will I be back, but I can't wait!
Hooray! This is SUCH a fantastic place to hang out with or without friends and have a pisser of a time. I had no idea bowling could be so much fun! The space is impressive: huge, nicely decorated (think kitsch...), with big dance/performance area and excellent restaurant. Even the bathrooms were impressive: sleek, clean design, huge, many stalls, impeccably well taken care of. Drinks are nicely priced and EVERYONE could not be any nicer: first time, I came in solo and many employees gave me suggestions/tips and made sure I had a good time, down to the moment I handed in my shoes and bid 'em good night. Picnic tables on dance floor are cool chill out/meeting places. The natives are friendly! Great place for a birthday/special ocassion or just a break from the usual bar/club routine.
Space, the final frontier...and something that can be lacking in cramped, crowded venues. On the contrary, Brooklyn Bowl has plenty of space for a make your own night of entertainment. Want to bowl? 16 lanes to embarrass yourself. Want to eat? There's a full menu of snacks, sandwiches and entrees brought to you by the team behind the famous Blue Ribbon. Full disclosure-  My only regret about my visit to Brooklyn Bowl was in not sampling the food. Alas, I was there not to eat but to drink and listen to Tricky. Mission accomplished but I do need a return visit to fairly evaluate the edibles. Want to drink? Beer, anyone? How about beers on tap  from  the Brooklyn Brewery or Greenpoint Brewing Co? Or a cocktail for $7? Want to listen to music and attempt to shake it? Why, there's a DJ and live entertainment. Tricky was the featured artist of the night and his band provided the beats. Not once, even in the 600 person capacity performance area, did I feel claustrophobic. If the music or particular song wasn't your thing, you could easily navigate your way back to the bar area, chat with friends or try and claim a couch closer to where you enter. There are choices, options, check boxes, drop down menus (ok, enough with the web design metaphor) for how and where you want to spend your time. The interior felt earthy and inviting, a sanctuary amidst the declining temperature and shorter days.  Very high ceilings, flat screen TVs (showing Avatar!), decorated bowling pins, wooden floors, exposed pipes (Hey, this was once the Hecla Iron Works) make for a comfortable interior. Convenient taxis and car services were available outside for the commute back home since the spot is a few blocks away from a subway. And it was cold. And I live in Queens. Another plus is for the atmosphere and crowd. It didn't matter what you were wearing or who you were with. Everyone just wanted to have a good time without any pressure, drama or rudeness. All felt welcome and that kind of low key inclusiveness was very appealing (and appreciated). To paraphrase the most interesting man in the world...I don't often go to Brooklyn, but when I do, I'd go to Brooklyn Bowl.
Went for drinks and food (I know that sounds strange, that i did not go for bowling or a show but i am happy i went). By friend dragged us there, stating we should just have a drink and some chicken at the bowling place. SO HAPPY he made us go. Their Fried Chicken is AMAZING!!! I know you think i'm crazy for saying a bowling place has great chicken.. but this place REALLY DOES. If you go ... YOU HAVE TO ORDER THE CHICKEN! they serve it with honey, that you just put right on the fried chicken. The place itself is very low key and casual on a Sunday (when we went). One cool side note is that the bathroom stales have windows that show the bowling lanes ha.
Great concert venue and great atmosphere. I'll have to go back to bowl here sometime.
I was lucky enough to get a sneak peak inside before they open to the public. I can't wait to go back. This place is a far cry from the dumpy bowling alleys I used to go to in high school.  The space is huge and gorgeous, with plenty of lanes, a huge area with a stage for bands, a nice place to hang out by the bar, and of course, the blue ribbon restaurant.  You certainly don't have to be into bowling to hang out here.  There is plenty to do otherwise.  They plan to have a lot of live music and the restaurant menu looks amazing. The place is LEED certified and they even asked us to reuse our beer cups!   The best part about this place is the staff.  They are awesome and so nice.  They even loaned me a pair of clean socks! If you are into dive bars because they are not sceney, but are sometimes put off by how gross they are, this is a great place to hang out because the people are not pretentious, yet the place is incredibly nice.   This was one of the best nights out I have had in a while!
I had so much fun here! I love to bowl and eat, and Brooklyn Bowl is the best of both worlds. You can eat great bar food, drink, bowl, and listen to a live band. I went with my boyfriend and his family, we had a group of 6 and we could all squeeze onto the big leather couches they use for seating in the bowling area. We had a group of different age groups and we all had a blast. The Springsteen cover band was amazing and the dance floor was huge...which I would have used if I wasn't stuffing my face with their fried chicken. The place is also very large, so there is plenty of room for people to wait for lanes. The bar can get a little crowded though later in the night. Overall it was a great experience, except for the totally inebriated skank who sat down across from us and started eating our desserts. Luckily we were already on our way out, or that girl would have learned that no one takes desserts away from me without consequences:)
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  Found out about it while watching Unique Eats on TV.  Celebrated my bday here with 9 ppl.  We got 2 lanes on a sunday afternoon and had such a fun time.   The food here is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  we tried almost everything.  the fried chicken, the chicken wings, pizza, corn, ribs, fish sandwich, brownie dessert and 2 other dishes that I know i am forgetting.  Normally I try to eat a little healthier, but you can't go here and eat salad.  It would be a sin. If you have to wait for a lane- you can eat at the bar or at a table and enjoy the food pre-bowling.  It is a win-win situation. Thanks Brooklyn Bowl for a wonderful bday celebration!
Really cool venue...a little off the beaten path if you're not familiar w/ Brooklyn...but only a few stops from Manhattan on the L train Saw a show here, GREAT sound and cool setup Very clean and they only serve Brooklyn Brewery beers...which makes sense, since its adjacent to the brewery...and is pretty cool since its delicious! Friendly staff!
Great bar and a great venue to see live music as they don't over pack the place. As for the bowling, who cares? I am sure it is overpriced.
Fried chicken pretty good. The lanes are real nice and the seating is comfy. The service is great. But the pins are attached to wires on the top, and that's just bizarre. I'm certain I bowled poorly because of the pins, and not because I'm a terrible bowler!
Cool place. There is no way you and your friends won't have fun in this place. It has it all, good bear,good, music and a tuns of entertainment.
This place is pretty nice, just not my cup of tea. Went there on a Saturday night around 8 p.m. and had to pay a $12 cover - for a bowling alley (SMH). We were told there was a 2 hour wait (minimum) for a lane because they operate on a first come, first serve basis. Also had to wait more than an hour for a table to sit down and eat. They have a bar and a dance floor with a stage set up at the far end. The bands that played that night were good, but not my kind of music. If you're a hipster then this is your heaven on earth. If not, find some other place to hang.
The fried chicken here is seriously the best I've ever had. It's that good! The ambiance is really cool with the restaurant, bar, huge dance floor, and bowling alley. I really dig this place!
Went to Brooklyn Bowl for an event a week or two ago. Pretty cool space they got here - music venue + bowling alley. I'll hafta try the bowling next time I come back.
Great venue for concerts and food! I went last night to see The Mowglies. Would never come bowling here, however. From what I understand it's not worth the money. My friends and I had a great time! Cool vibe, very relaxed and great service at the bar in the food area. I would totally come again for another concert.
This is the nicest bowling alley I've ever been to!  It's huge and it's so rustic and hip inside!  Decoration alone gave it 2 stars and the fried chicken gave it another...... It lacked 5 stars because the prices are steep!!  $25 for 30 minutes of bowling is crazy!!!  It feels like there's not much time to sit back and chill cuz your on the clock and the money is ticking!!  The menu was great but again the prices were a lil much.....sad to say that maybe next time I'll have to go to just a "regular" bowling alley cuz my pockets at the end of this outing were sad!
Honestly probably the worst customer service I've ever had. I understand it's supposed to be hipster central but come on. The "restaurant" is horrible because the "hosts" can't even think for themselves. We had a party of 20 people and they couldn't figure out how to accomodate 10 of us for food and drinks. It's basic people. Stop smoking whatever you are and just think for a minute and you'll get it. Don't get me started on the lane service. How do you not know how to spilt a check and how do you cop an attitude when asked to do it? Sorry just don't get it. I won't be back espically after being charged tax to bowl. Sorry better options in NJ.
Whenever I'm in Brooklyn I stop in here on Thursday's to have some Fried Chicken or the amazing Beef Brisket, have a couple drinks and bowl a game or two. But the real reason for the visit is to get down to the sounds of resident Thursday night DJ ?uestlove of The Roots. The crowd is a total smorgasbord of hipster kids, hip hop heads and anyone wanting to have a good time. There is a huge dance floor for you to get your bounce on but make sure to not use your flash if you want to take a pic of ?uestlove spinning, you'll incur the wrath of his assistant, as that poor little European tourist did. Ha!
Super fun venue. Surprisingly amazing music, dance your butt off acts... and bowling at the same time. Kind of a weird mix, but I dig it!! Plus as a city expat, a $10 cover charge is totally do-able! Great fun night, can't wait to return again soon.
I guess it's update week or somethin for me. I came here last night with a couple of buddies for the Sons and Heirs show (tribute to The Smiths and Morrissey). We all had a pretty bangin time over here at Brooklyn Bowl. I'm friends with the front man of Sons and Heirs, We skipped the ridiculous line and went right in. The highlight of my night would have to be going upstairs to where the band and "groupies" hang out before performing. While being in the VIP area, I also met Andy Rourke, original member of The Smiths. He looked like a real hippie with his hair do and round shades. I was just slightly disappointed that Andy didn't go on stage to join the rest of the boys for a few tracks. The venue was excellent for Sons and Heirs. Beer prices on tap are decent and it was just a feel good night all around. Didn't bump into any douche bags or had a problem with security which was great.
Brooklyn Bowl is a much needed venue in billyburg. I have been many times and held event there. The staff is amazing. Wether it be working with them or being a patron of their business the service and quality is top notch. Any bad experiences I have had (which are very few) had nothing to do with the venue, food, or staff itself. Food & Drinks: Absolutely delicious. Now obviously everybody knows about the fried chicken. We always order it when we go. Its delicious. Its the best damn fried chicken you will have this side of the mason dixon. However do not forget about the other entree's they have. I had the catfish dinner a while back and I still rant about it. The mac n cheese is fantastic. They offer special mac n cheese dishes from time to time. The egg shooters have a fried clam strip on top of them. You can easily eat 4-5 of them before you realized you ruined your dinner. Try the smokey hot bbq wings. Those are slept on. The rock and roll fries will make you forget any sense of diet you might be on. I don't think I've had one bad thing on the menu. I have been here at least 10 times. The prices for food are actually really good. You can eat at the bar or sit at the table. If you book a bowling lane you can eat there too. The only negative here is the wait time for seating. You might have to wait a while to get a table especially if you are in a big group. Drinks are ok. Not mixologist level or anything but it will get you drunk. They run specials depending on the night. You can drink for cheap if there is a good specia going on. There are 2 bars technically but the main one is going to be crowded. Most people eat at the other bar because the restaurant is crowded. Bowling: Bowling lanes can be rented along with shoes. The prices for these lanes are consistent with what you may find at Dave N Busters or 300. Like I said above food and drinks can be brought right to your lane. The bowling machines and scorer device works very well. Never had anything break on me. Sometimes depending on the night (special events) you may not be able to come to the bowling area unless you are bowling. Which they would give you a wristband for. There is a huge dance floor and stage. I have been there for performances and dj sets. I think they sometimes do a rollerskating night too which I have not yet attended. Sound is good. Check out the calendar on their website. The price to get into BK Bowl does change by whatever event is going on. Same thing with the guest list. It is handled by BK bowl or whichever promoter has an event that night. Cover charge is usually $7. It does kinda suck that you have to pay a cover charge on top of paying for your bowling but its not that expensive. You really can't go wrong with BK Bowl.
Good ambiance.  Good food. Great service. Amazing fried chicken.
Ugh. Overscaled for the neighborhood, Manhattan/suburban/upscale crowd, expensive beers (cheapest is $5), and the staff (there are a ton of them) wear uniforms, for heaven's sake. I'm not even going to ask how much the bowling costs. This is how I imagine one of those "chic" bowling alleys in Manhattan you see subway ads for is like. "Brooklyn Bowl" is the best they can do for a name? Along with the weak attempt at decor (some "Edison bulbs" way up at the ceiling and sideshow posters), seems like something an out-of-towner came up with in a misguided attempt to latch on to the Brooklyn "brand." The sound is good for shows, at least, even if the venue is far too big for most of the bands.
I was at BB for a hip hop show the other night, when fame once again came knocking.  The band pulled me up on stage for a chugging contest.   I am comfortable on stage - after all, I used to be somewhat of a hip hop star in my own right.  I surveyed the crowd, said what's up to the band, executed a couple sweet dance moves, and then eyed my competition. First bad sign:  she had a *decided* weight advantage.  Second bad sign:  her light pilsner vs. my gritty double IPA.  Third bad sign:  the spilled/drooled beer in her cleavage glistening in the stagelights suggested that my opponent had nothing to lose, and everything to gain. While the band played I began to consider the cultural implications of losing this contest.  The band had made it clear - I was representing my gender.  I'm used to this - people often tell me that they consider me to be the standard-bearer of Manhood.  I was also pretty sure that if I lost and my fraternity brothers found out about it, I was in for a rough rest of my life.   The band stopped, one of the emcees counted down, and then it was Go Time.  I threw my head back, chugging majestically in front of hundreds of people, fully aware that my hair looked fantastic that night. --- BB is a great place to see shows.  I've had great times at a couple dance parties (definitely recommend people check out the final two ?uestlove DJ sets), seen some very good shows (the Air Guitar regional was an awesome time), and eaten some good dinners here too.  Bowling is for weenies, so I'm not qualified to comment on that.  In conclusion:  BB lines up great events and serves good, cheap beer at them.
As long as its terribly over priced, devoid of character, and accepts daddy's credit card then i do believe it will be a rousing success.
Holy crap this place is a blast!  It's just a short 4 or 5 blocks from the subway next to Brooklyn Brewery.  Just follow the hipsters and you will come upon it with ease.  We went for dinner and then bowled for a few games afterwards which I highly recommend.  Every server we came in contact with was super nice-the food people, the bowling people, even the bouncer people!   So first, the food.  Delicious.  We opted to sit at the bar since all the tables were taken.  We ordered a local brew from next door which was quite tasty and started with the hummus appetizer.  I am a bit of a hummus fiend, and this batch did not disappoint.  It was creamy and tangy with a bit of kick to it, and the warm pita slices it was served with were a perfect accompaniment.  The fried chicken was a no brainer for dinner, since that is what Brooklyn Bowl is known for (aside from its namesake, of course).  Wow.  So so soooo good!  By far my 2nd favorite fried chicken ever (the first being my neighborhood seafood joint, oddly enough) .  The skin was perfectly crispy and the meat juicy and hot.  That sounds dirty but whatever.  And the sides were nothing to scoff at--yummy collard greens and mashed potatoes with gravy.  Mmmm.  Comfort food to the max. Now, we were full, but we came early enough in the night that there were lanes to spare for bowling, so we went for it.  A concert was going on by that time, so we couldn't hear anything since the stage is right next to the lanes, but it was super fun nonetheless.  The servers come around and get you drinks while you bowl, and I believe you can snack there as well.  Eating, drinking and bowling whilst listening to a concert = awesomesauce! Overall Brooklyn Bowl was super fun and I would go again in a heartbeat.  That said, I would have to save my pennies first because it's ridiculously expensive.  You have to pay a cash only cover at the door which, if my memory serves me correctly is $12 (even if you're not paying to go to the concert), then you pay for your meal, then it's $25 per half hour for a bowling lane.  We probably dropped a good $150 for 2 hours.  Not cheap in my book.  However, it was a very enjoyable experience--just be sure to get there early so you can get in on all the fun, or be prepared for a VERY long wait.  Hey, popularity comes at a price!
Brooklyn Bowl could definitely be one of my favorite concert venues... if it weren't in Brooklyn.  All jokes aside, this is a pretty badass place.  After making the short stroll from the Bedford stop on on the L train I flashed my $5 ticket at the door (Bad Rabbits & Travie McCoy) and entered the bowling/concert/bar/restaurant superplex.  This is definitely a chill hangout spot that caters to every type of person.  While my friend and I chose to hang close to the stage, others grabbed seats at the tables and munched on big plates of fried chicken, while some people played the bar or hit the bowling lanes. I definitely plan on coming back sometime soon.  Good times.
I always have fun at this place. Good for live shows, DJ, bowling, or just getting some drinks. Santacon here was wild.
The Brooklyn Bowl is one of the truly great hangout spots that we have in this wonderful city.  Don't do Brooklyn?!  Is it beneath you?!  If this is you, stop reading this post, and kindly leave this city.  Brooklyn is indeed beautiful and the Brooklyn Bowl is one of its finest establishments. It's a very versatile space, and the owners find a perfect way of utilizing the place.   MUSIC: This place is a great place to catch a show or a DJ.  My friend's band played here the other day and the Bowl treated the artists and VIP list with unparalleled kindness.  Come here on any night, and you'll find yourself dancing to an awesome DJ, major band, or local band. FOOD: The food is by Blue Ribbon.  The fried chicken and milkshakes are simply to die for.   ALCOHOL: The place is located right next to the Brooklyn Brewery.  Need I say more?  Well, I will.  They have a wide selection of Brooklyn Brewery beers, and they are all delicious.  The beer is made and then its delivered fresh to your hands.  This place is heaven for every alcoholic.  Cough. Cough.  I mean, it's heaven for everyone that appreciates a beer for its subtle flavors and crispness. BOWLING:  And to top it all of off, you can get your bowl on!  Or you could do what I do: Get drunk, throw gutterballs, and make Big Lebowski references for hours.  Nobody F*cks with the Jesus! It never gets old. If you haven't been, go asap and get the fried chicken, bowl, and dance, dance, dance.
4 solid stars for this place.  I'm not always an easy woman to please, but BB did the job right.  Here's what you're going to do when you go to Brooklyn Bowl (and you will):   Round up at least 4 people (this will help to subsidy the bowl cost of between $20-$45 a half hour.  This will suck if it's 2 of you, but not if it's 4-8 of you bowling fast!).  Next you will go there and put your name on the list for a lane (this will take 1-2 hours)  Sounds insane until you reach step 3:  Order some REALLY GOOD FOOD!  They don't have the BEST food-- but they do have some tasty crap that you're going to want to put inside you for about an hour -hour and a half. They've got a lot of beer on tap + full bar + this place is huge!  Lots of seating and a pretty enjoyable crowd.   The fried chicken tastes really good.  The ribs looked really good.  The Kelso Nut Brown Ale was good.  The Food is a bit pricey.  The bowling, like I said, can be cheap-- depending on how you 7 10 split it up. ((((((((I'M PUNNY!!)))))))) Let me know when you're heading over-- I can be your 4th 5th or 8th bowler!
Came here to see some bands play and was surprised at how cool but not overly ridiculously cool the place was.  The artwork is spectacular - kudos to the designer. Though the whole place can get really loud (maybe I'm just getting old), this place was a great place to go with friends.  Now, for the BEST part...  the FOOD.  Ohhhhh how delicious!  At first I thought $21 for a friend chicken plate?  But, my hubby and I shared it and declared it was worth every penny!!  Ohh I am still dreaming of that fried chicken!  Light and crispy..  and the collard greens swimming in bacon... mashed potatoes!  Honey!  Yum....  I can't wait to go back just to get this meal again.
Brooklyn Bowl changed. my. life. No really. Before I came to this wonderful establishment I thought I was a crappy bowler and I dreaded the thought of bowling in a group. Not anymore! Perhaps it was beginner's luck or the deviled eggs or the awesome live music but something magical happened that night and I actually played two decent games! Well anyway, onto the real review:   We started our night out at the food area with some appetizers: -Fried Calamari - I'm very very PICKY about calamari and this one was very good! It wasn't chewy and other than being a tad bland, there was nothing wrong with the consistency itself. Definitely worth ordering and sharing. -Rock and Roll Fries - I died and went to heaven when this dish came out. Having lived in toronto and tried tons of Poutine, the whole gravy/fries thing really appeals to me and these fries were amazing.   -Cajun Shrimp Cocktail - not particularly memorable because honestly, I have no memory of it whatsoever. -Egg Shooters - messy to eat but a MUST TRY! Then we moved on to the bowling area. The staff was so friendly and accommodating! They brought us shoes/socks etc. I loved the big leather couches and stools - it was so different! The lighting was very club ish and the live music was awesome! We spent about two hours bowling, drinking and eating. It was truly a wonderful time. Bottomline: if you want to hang out at a fun, grownup place, come here with your friends! The drinks are not too expensive, the food is great and with the right company, you'll be sure to have a good time.
Really good food here. Kinda pricey but I'd say its worth it. Can't say about the bowling section though because it was a 2 hour wait to get a lane. INSANE. We came here for a birthday and decided to eat first before bowling. By the time we were done, which was around 9 I think, the place was packed. Didn't really care about the bowling anyway because I was really there for the food, especially after I saw their fried chicken on The Best Thing I Ever Ate on Food Network. The fried chicken was awesome. Good crunch, great flavor. It was a bit of a nostalgic flavor for me because the spices tasted exactly like the flavoring in this chicken brand instant noodles that I used to eat when I was a kid. Their fried calamari was awesome too. The Rock and Roll fries were ok. The artichoke and olives mac and cheese was also just ok.
It's a love/hate thing with Brooklyn Bowl. I hate it because everyone else loves it too and it can be too damn crowded or seem like its crowded where the bouncers make you wait outside like we're in Meatpacking. They made us wait outside during torrential rains during Soulive's residency and during World Cup Games on a Sun afternoon. I love it because I love good sound, Blue Ribbon, sensory overload (sometimes), and I can drunk bowl with the best of them. I hate that my wallet is thin after I've drunk bowled, but hopefully I've inhaled enough carbs and beers to last until the next show at Brooklyn Bowl.
Didn't come here for food or bowling, just for BOOTY SHAKIN. Came here on a Thurs night and it was 80's night.  First of all, I had just landed in NY a couple hours before and second, I was fasting and could not drink anything but water.  Consequently, I was sober and tired as hell. YET, I still had an amazing time because of the good crowd and fun music.  I'm shocked, too! -1 star because they closed at 2:30
I give this place four starts solely because of the food.  What sucks is that they charge you a cover to go to the restaurant most night of the week because they often have bands in the main room.  The bands are usually good but I hate the idea that I'm paying an extra five bucks for food. That said, the food here is well worth the extra trouble.  Everyone will tell you to try the fried chicken and you absolutely must.  Get the mixed plate of white/dark meat it, comes with honey and that's really the only sauce you should be putting on it.  You should also get the mac n' cheese and please please do not neglect the roast pork sandwich.  That shit is ungodly and there's is nothing better than eating dead bird and dead pig all in one meal. For drinks they have all of the Brooklyn brews available and if you go before 8 on a weeknight all the drafts including the most excellent Monster Ale are only 4$.  I personally start with a monster then drink everything else with a Buffalo Trace, they have many American Whiskey and that one is my favorite. Also, bowling is mad expensive but Adrian Grenier hangs in the lanes all the time and I've seen Q-tip rolling gutter balls a plenty so don't be afraid to join a league in case you wanna impress Vinny Chase.
o brooklyn bowl. how i really want to give you 5 stars. you have the perfect food, the perfect bowling...and you even book the best bands around. but alas, you hurts my pockets and i can't bowl with you unless i'm with 8 people. give us second, third, fourth and fifth L train stop people a chance.
Pretty awesome venue for bowling and live music. Bogus cover charge if you're bowling in my opinion.  You pay per 1/2 hour vs. per person per game, which is good either way.   They bring you your shoes right to the lane.  They have great service and the menu provides great options from humus and pita to french bread pizza to fried chicken.  Larger appetites can get big sandwiches and platters too.  I say stick to the fried goodness items.   Definitely a good time for a date or a group activity!
Great place, but plan ahead! I went here on a Saturday night to have a little b-day celebration. I told all my friends to get there at 5:30 so we could actually bowl. At 5:30 there was a 2 hour wait for a lane. I kinda figured, families and whatnot + Sat night. (They don't take rezzies on Fri/Sat nights) So me and my friends left for 2 hours, had some drinks elsewhere and came back at almost 8 (they still hadn't called to let us know we were ready). Not cool: paying $10 to get back in, as they charge after 6pm. No one told us that. Not a fun surprise and it sucks to ask your guests to shell out. At about 8:20 (almost 3 hours after we planned to, but it's cool, it was still early for the night) we got our lane, 10 people to a lane, which actually was really fun. We're not here to master the game, we just wanted to play and drink and enjoy the place. Once we got to the lane we had a blast. Our server rocked and helped us pick out delicious food to share. The fries are insane and delicious. The wings are great but it's awkward to eat wings after you've put your hands and fingers all over a bowling ball... don't think about it. Pitchers of beer and flatbread pizzas kept us happy and we had a great time. 1.5 hours in the lane was great (pay per 1/2 hour) and a bill split 9 ways (and no prob with 9 diff credit cards) was less than $40 per person. All in all it was a great night. I'd go back now that I know how to plan.
This is my favorite place to hang out in NYC, hands down.  It has it all!!  Live music, bowling, fantastic staff, cozy booths, affordable yet delicious beers, bourbon milkshakes, and good eats.  Also, it is a certified Green venue which I like!   It's the kind of place where I feel comfortable in my sweatpants or completely decked to the nines.  Brooklyn Bowl lets you decide what kind of night you want to have, rather than dictating attire or having a snooty vibe.  It's just a great place to hang out, grab a beer, see a show, watch a game, or have a meal!  I give it two thumbs up all around =)
INSAne in the membrane space, but................I was all set to love Brooklyn Bowl as I waited for months to go........of course seduced by the food and my nostalgic love of bowling.  Nice performance space and innovative concept. Loved:  The look, but like a flawed, but beautiful lover this spot way disppapointed me. THE FOOD- The space to eat is small and with only a few booths designed for large parties- me and my bf sat at the communal counter.  I hate eating a counters on stools(a personal pet peeve)   Smoked Barbecued wings were super as was the cornbread with local peach butter.  The much touted fried chicken was a big dissapointment.  Lacking in great flavor or crunch- this was a BORING BIRD., though the sides of smokey collards and mashed with gravy was first rate.  Here's the real downside- this spot is ridiculously expensive- The chicken platter was $17 bangers- yeah!  Our waitress neglected to bring over a round of condiments and dissappeared after telling us her name.   The lanes:  Short- I do not bowl enough to know, but from my childhood memories of Shell and Maple lanes in Brooklyn, these lanes feel short.  Cushy, tufted couches were nice- but boy did we pay. The service:  The waitress at the lanes was nice.  Upon leaving the snotty short haired woman at the door sneered that we could not hang out there as me and bf opened our umbrellas for the downpour outside.   Are you freaking kidding.me? Our food waitress plus the door lady were off game, not for this price. The cost:  The bowling(two games) plus a beer and and egg cream and shoes came to $59.98 and they are SNOTTY!  Between dinner and the bowling we dropped a dime at this spot- Would not repeat!
I went to go see Gene Ween perform here. The place was cooler then I expected and I did have a nice time. Food and drinks are above average here and the music stage was in a perfect location behind the lanes.   I did not get a chance to bowl nor did I want to because of the out of control Prices.
Brooklyn Bowl has become my new hangout spot it's a A + in my book good food, music and drinks!
Brooklyn Bowl is a pretty cool spot.  Convenient couple blocks walk from the L train.  The space is huge, and the line isn't painful.  What's more you get much less door drama than any manhattan club, that's for sure. Inside you might wander around a bit looking for the bar at first.  The crowd you are immediately confronted with is simply waiting to check their coats.  You might guess there is a bar over that way, but you'd be wrong.  THere are also some roped off areas, and those are a separate area for the restaurant.  It is quite loud though on a Saturday night, so I don't know about the dining experience.   Walk through to room number two, and be surrounded on all sides by hipsters in wonderful fashionable glory!   Finally you have found the bar.  Just don't put your elbow down.  The bar maintenance is - well something to be desired.  $7 pint is about what you would pay in manhattan, though you have quite a choice of brews.  I had a pale ale, very nice.  Early in the night I got a glass, later they switched to plastic cups which I guess makes sense. The bar is facing a huge dance floor and weirdly a bowling alley guarded by bouncers.  I guess this is the only way to handle a bowling crowd right next to a dance crowd.   I have to say though it was all an odd mix.   Gives your large group outing plenty of options, but do you really need or want *that* many options for one venue?  :-)  The electro DJ was spinning some 80's remixes, but honestly this is no Santos, Cielo or Sullivan Room so I wouldn't go expecting that.  Then again it's probably not fair to judge the music mix based on one outing.  So scratch that last part.   Definitely the potential is there.   (picnic tables asside)
Brooklyn Bowl is like Disney World for grown ups!! This place combines four great things into one venue: a bar featuring Brooklyn Brewery drafts, a blacklight bowling alley, a stage with nightly concerts, and a restaurant with some darn good food.   The space is HUGE, so even on the most popular nights, there's still plenty of room to breathe.  Bowling is pay by the hour, and a waitress takes your drink orders right from the lane.  Our waitress was very attentive and kept us tuned in to how much time we had spent bowling.   There can be long waits for bowling- plan on spending a few hours here.  But there's plenty to do to entertain yourself while you wait. Concerts are quite varied, with a good mix of indie pop, underground artists, roots music, contemporary folk, etc.  Tickets are generally around $5 to $10, and occasionally free if you book in advance. The disco fries are amazing, too! Do yourself a favor and go see for yourself :-).
I love that you can go and hang out at the bar, or dance to a live band, or bowl, the possibilities.  I went here one night to see a country rock type band and had a blast.  There are pitchers of brooklyn lager (yum), a little pricier than usual, but still overall a good time.
I came here to see the live performance by Notorious MSG! (guest bands The Hsu-nami and Runny). Service: -Prices are $20 every half hour Sun-Thurs. $25 every half hour Fri-Sat. Shoe rentals are $4.25 and socks are $3 for purchase. Even bowling in Brooklyn is expensive! -Service is much better than what I've grown up to (AMF bowling) -What I didn't like about Brooklyn Bowl were that the bowling pins were attached to strings. Decor: -16 lanes of bowling with leather couches for seating -Big screen projections above each lane -Restrooms are in an odd place. It's upstairs so that means you'll be walking for a good 2-3 minutes if the place is crowded. Live Performance: -While this review is for Brooklyn Bowl and not the bands that performed, the audio system is quite powerful, JBL to be exact. Overall, I had a fun time at Brooklyn Bowl though it surely wouldn't be my first choice next time. As Isabella W. mentioned in her review, I wish it was more affordable.
I'm wavering between 2 and 3 stars honestly but I'm going with 2 bc this place is a bloody rip off. Look, bowling is fun! BB has that! Live music is fun! BB has that! This place should be extra fun!! But it's not. You have to pay to hear the band even if you arrive at 6p to bowl (when they open) and the band doesn't start until 9-9:30p. Which, srsly, is ridiculous. For what they charge to bowl (rent shoes by the half hour? Really!?) for a pitcher and a snack, if you're going to get there two or three hours before the band even starts to bowl you should get to see them for "free." They somehow get good acts (good job music booker!) and going just for the music is a decent deal. There is enough space though it's not really a music venue - the sound isn't terrific and the atmosphere stops short of being a concert feel bc of the bar/restaurant and bowling lanes just next to the music area. But it's fun and again, there is plenty of space. ProTip: They charge pitchers by the pint. Ugh. I know. So getting a pitcher holds no advantage for you - you're still paying for 4 pints. You're welcome.
Looking for a place to chill after a long week? Brooklyn Bowl is that place! Even though I live only about 3 miles from that place, last Friday was the first time we ever went there. Below are my PROS and CONS about the place. PROS: The place is very big, and has good vibe. Whoever converted this big, old warehouse into the state of art entertainment center did a great job. The crowd is represented mostly by friendly down-to-earth Williamsburg'ers. The place serves nice variety only local beers, mostly (if not only) from next door neighbor: Brooklyn Brewery. Beverages are served in Glass There is live music every night. After the concert, the dance floor opens to the tune of more 'popular' / mainstream music. The staff is friendly, responsive, and polite. Bowling machines are quick, and score tracking machine is easy to use. The crowd must be at least 21 y/o to enter Bowling Rates are very reasonable (but food is expensive). Admission price for concerts is cheap. We paid $5/person. CONS: The place is big, so forget about intimacy. The wait time for bowling is long.... Very long (in our case 2 hours, but it was rewarded by good live concert) I am not a big fan of Brooklyn Brewery products, so lack of good German Lager is a little bummer. Food is overpriced. Beer also, especially when one considers 0 delivery cost from the brewery next door.
It is a $12 cover to get through the door most fridays when they have a band, even if you are just there to bowl. The place just screams, I'm trying too hard to be an All-in-One stop. Bar, restaurant, lounge, performance, and bowling... like seriously that is too much going on. The wait for lanes goes for hours. My friends and I got there at 7 and were already told there was a 3 hour wait for a lane. Don't come here thinking that as walk-in's you'll get a lane...reserve before hand. I would make plans for another place if you are in Billyburg and want a similar venue.
The security guards are aggressive, rude, lie and on a serious power trip.  Everyone is there to have a good time; there is no need for the security guards to make something out of nothing. This needs to be addressed because NO ONE should be treated the horrible way these security guards treat the patrons at Brooklyn Bowl!
Layout/Look: 5 Stars Prices: 2 Stars. Expect to spend over $20 just on bowling if you're there for more than 1 game, and that doesn't include food and tips. Crowd: 3-5 Stars depending on how much you dig the Bedford Ave I'm-Cool-And-I'm-In-Brooklyn crowd. Some nice eye candy though so I can't rip this too hard. Bowling: 0.5 Stars, the pins are attached by strings and it's really a joke. I only recommend coming here to bowl if you are one of those groups where everyone randomly hucks the ball down the lane and then cheers on the occasional variance when a strike or spare occurs, and giggles or makes frowny faces when it goes in the gutter. This is the fakest piece of crap excuse for bowling I've ever seen. The ball return seemed decently fast, the balls were new-ish, and the shoes were fine, but the design of the pin system is lazy and caters to posers who are too stupid to know the difference.
I have hypoglycemia and I faint if my blood sugar gets low. Well, last night I was at Brooklyn Bowl for a show and the mix of low blood sugar, being hot, all the excitement, and to be honest the really smelly guy in front of me got to my head, and I fainted. According to my boyfriend and friend who were with me, security swooped in within just a few seconds and once I was half conscious led me out the side to get cool air and water. They were so gracious and sweet about the situation, giving me juice and asking if I needed anything and even seating me by the lanes afterward when they saw I wasn't intoxicated or anything and genuinely just too hot. This is a place that cares about it's patrons! And a special thanks to all the people there who helped me out!
except for being in brooklyn, this place rocks in every way! amazing lineups, bowling, great food and drink. will come back!
I  this place! If I could go every weekend I would.  The Rock and Roll Fries are awesome. I have also had the Brooklyn Bowl Burger, really good and the desserts are great also.
HUGE warehouse with plenty of space to play. So many bowling lanes, I do not think they have too long of a wait during the week. My friends and I came here for the first time tonight to catch Jaguar Love concert. The bowling alley looked fun and the price was pretty much standard. I think larger groups of 8 would probably enjoy sharing one lane. Before the show started we sat down at the Blue Ribbon dining area to eat dinner. We ordered hummus with pita triangles, french bread cheese and tomato pizza, fried calamari, and adobo corn on the cob. The food was really delicious and we even split a chocolate chip bread pudding a la mode. YUM! The only shitty part was the SERVICE. Our waitress was the worst, but when would we EVER expect to get good service in Brooklyn? Food prices a little steep, but I guess thats also what to expect when you dine in an establishment that probably has a huge lease. After our meal, we watched the show to digest our food. There was a lot of lip synching and dancing around for us. Great sound system and I'm sure tons of people would fit in this venue! I hope to see more great shows here.
Like reviewers have said before, this place is really nice, almost shockingly nice. The pre-worn leather couches are perhaps the most ingenious idea, so that you can lounge in absolute comfort while you wait your turn to bowl. Seriously, Brooklyn Bowl challenges all the connotations of "bowling alley," since it is spacious and clean, with a dark masculine color palette, and is legitimately cool, not just "retro hip." Props go out to the video DJ, who was picking very enjoyable, bowl-worthy tunes too. It's also enjoyable to bowl with non-stinky shoes and new, smooth bowling ball. Maybe it's just coincidence, but I bowled the best game of my life when I went here. The prices, of course, reflect its sheik interior. Beers are reasonable at $5-$7 for a pint of microbrew, although pitchers aren't a good deal since they cost about the same as getting beer by the glass. The staff is super attentive and will help you find the right bowling ball, although at the end of the night I was wondering if that meant we also have to tip on the cost of bowling (we did). Only reason it doesn't get five stars is bc of price. We went there during happy hour, which was from 6-8pm, and got a lane straight away and only had to pay $30/hr for the lane, which helped lower the cost a little bit. There was no one bowling next to us either, so we got to spread out on all the couches. If you go in the evening. I'd recommend going with a group of at least 6, so you can occupy two lanes and one of the couch enclaves.
Good tap list, GREAT food, super classy lanes, and a damn good music venue to boot.  What's not to love?
It saddens me that I can't afford to go to this place on my own, because the two times that I went (when other people were generously picking up the tab), I had a really great time! Why do I love this place so much? The good music, handsome space, and big tv screens are welcome touches, certainly. The food is addictive (and super fattening, so watch out, dieters!) The margaritas have the perfect balance of sour to sweet. Those are all very well and good. But none of those things compare to my main reason for loving Brooklyn Bowl: bourbon Nutella milkshakes. It's better than your wildest dreams. Actually, maybe it's a good thing I'm too poor to afford Brooklyn Bowl... My poverty might be the only thing standing between me and extreme, milkshake-related weight gain.
Very well done. Really nice looking on the inside. The food was good. Only problem is that the whole night they BLAST techno music and play bizarre movies.  It gets jarring if you are just out to bowl for fun. They have huge screens at the end of the lanes playing B movies. It was flashing through what looked like a rape scene in one movie and some blackxploitation movie. I thought I was going to bowl with some friends, but it felt like I was in A Clockwork Orange. It was trying to be too hip. Might be more fun on a night with a band.
Pros: Great music, large dance floor, good food, local brews. Cons: TOO LONG OF A WAIT, money pit. I love the atmosphere of this place and can't complain about the decor or food. I've been here several times to see certain musical acts or just to bowl. However, they were pretty disingenuous with my friends last Saturday at 7:30pm. I understand there's a limited amount of lanes and many people who wish to play, so I have no problem waiting for a lane. But when asked for an approximate waiting time, we were not given an approximation. I understand it may be difficult to approximate, but to not even tell us how many people were ahead of us!? Three hours later and WE WERE STILL WAITING! Finally, my friends and I left, thoroughly disappointed. No amount of bowling is worth that long of a wait.
This place seems like it has changed for the worse in the past year or so.  The bartenders and staff are not as helpful, they don't serve Brooklyn local 1 anymore and none of the staff knew why, the crowds are not as fun, It seems like the music every thursday sounds the same now, the staff outside is way too serious.
I don't bowl, but I would come to this place again just for the space! It would probably be a great place to see a band play or if the dance floor was filled with a lot of drunk people dancing. Maybe I came on an off-night, but I was still impressed! The couches are super comfortable and the bar made a strong Whiskey Coke for me, so, I dig. The subway ride back was blurry!
Lively place lovely music and the prices aren't bad either. Staff is extremely friendly, the bathroom is exceptionally clean and the bar is huge. The lighting is nice and smooth. Over all would recommend trying.
Overall this place is A-Ok to me. There are of course pros and cons but pros win this one. Pros: -got in with no line to wait on -found parking 1 block away -fried chicken was good and crispy -mashed potatoes were creamy and buttery - Bourbon Street Shake....omg it tastes like a huge rocher candy hahahah the best part....drumroll please.......their app special, fried oysters on top of deviled eggs ...to die for...yummo!!! can i get a few to go please heheheh -bowling was fun but we were rushing because they charge by the 1/2 hour on weekends -the balls come back fast so you dont have to wait for them Cons: - it was really crowded and we had to wait at least 1 hour for the restaurant - their texas toast was sooo hard i could hurt you with it - again it was super crowded and waited hours for bowling - we had to pay $5 for an entrance fee for some band i didnt want to see So overall, yes i want to come back and I will try other foods as well.
Brooklyn Bowl has a formula. Live Music + Bowling + Fried Chicken = FUNZIES! Love hitting up shows here or just coming on a random night while they have their house DJs spinning fun tunes. The cover is usually pretty cheap at $5 or $10. Sometimes we've had to wait a while for a table at the restaurant or a lane to bowl in but I've never had to wait long for drinks so the waiting wasn't that bad at all. Try the Blast Douple IPA from Brooklyn Brewery I haven't seen that around anywhere else and it tastes ridiculously yummy. For dinner I usually get the mixed chicken dinner but the mac and cheese is also amazing and the BLT is pretty great too.
amazing venue amazing bar amazing pub food amazing bowling can it get any better? maybe... but i have yet to experience it. the only reason i'm not throwing out 5 stars is because the acoustics sucked (we saw a show). everything else is beyond expectation. it's a giant space with a bowling alley, stage, bar, and seating area if you're eating. don't forget the perfectly designed restrooms upstairs - mysterious, relaxing and a nice getaway from the chaos downstairs. i'm not the biggest fan of beer but once i saw that they have brooklyn beers i was hooked - Brooklyn blast is a new favorite, we need this beer in canada! what more.... oh yeah they have movies projected on a giant screen near the bar if you wanna get drunk and watch something good with whatever music is blasting out of the speakers. other perks include: big dance floor, great vibe, good company - no pretension what-so-ever. i will be coming back here again.
Wow, what a great idea! A bowling alley focused not so much on the bowling but on really good beer and really good food. In other words: GET THE FOOD. It is probably some of the best bar food I've ever had. Definitely try the wings and the special fries (the ones that are poutine-style), and if your'e adventurous, the fried chicken as well. The pizzas, which were above-average, was probably the least exciting of the options for me. And on the drinks side, if you're a beer enthusiast, this is definitely a great place for you. Oh yes, and there's bowling on the side too...
This is an adult playground. The food was great (mac and cheese with the add-ins), best beer I've ever had in my life! (Brooklyn IPA on tap), and the bowling/dancing were just fantastic! My only suggestion is ask the guy at the front desk for a free pair of neon green ear plugs, the music can get pretty loud.
This place is just the best.  I am always looking for excuses to come here.  Great live music, awesome beers, good people.  And I haven't even bowled yet!  I will be going to this venue as long as I am anywhere near it.
Pros: GREAT FRIED CHICKEN, good ladies' room facility Cons: nothing really. :) My review is limited to the Talib Kweli concert night ONLY. (No bowling experience here yet.) So, I grabbed the ticket for Talib's concert and came here for the first time. I've always heard about their amazing fried chicken, so I and my 4 other friends put the name on and went to the bar for beer. I liked their Brklyn beer selection on tap. :) So, on to the food; - Fried chicken: omg... I don't know what they do with the batter but it didn't feel like it was fried. It was not greasy but crispy and so moist on the inside. - Side dishes(french fries, collard greens with bacon):   French fries: thin string cuts! Fries are always good. ;)   Collard greens with bacon: Bacons are THICK CUTS!!! This is where u notice if they are using good ingredients... :) I loved the bacon cuts and the collard greens were seasoned perfectly. - Nutella shake with burbon: Nutella + alcohol? HEAVEN! :D I loved it so much! It was macadamian nutty, chocolaty, and burbony... :D I would like to come back here for their flat breads too! It looked so yummy! But of course, I will come back for bowling as well. ;)
Holy sh*t, this is some expensive bowling.  Two games were $76!!!  The whole pay by the half hour thing is a little ridiculous.  So yeah, I completely agree with other reviewers that more people = slightly less cost.  (Then again, more people = longer to go through turns = more time.  So there's really no winning.) Beer's great - just about all Brooklyn breweries, the fried chicken rocks, and the whole layout is awesome.  But it is a bowling alley, and no matter how good the rest of the stuff is, it's still shockingly expensive, hence the three stars.  If I go back, I'd go for some brews and to check out the live music, probably skip the bowling...
Very cool venue. I came here and saw Zoso, The Ultimate Led Zeppelin Experience. I thought it was cool that there was a bowling alley and a concert venue so close to each other. It was crazy packed but I'm used to that as I go to a ton of concerts.
Yahtzee! Hands down the best people watching so far in 2010. Not even joking. So, I learned a secret, which I'll share with you. If you were a hipster, with a baby, and it was a beautiful, warm winter Saturday in Brooklyn, do you know where you'd be? Brooklyn Bowl--EXACTLY right. Why? Because it's like a park. You think it's not? Here, let me tell you. Parents gather here to watch their zoo animals run amuk. But at a real park, there are dangers lurking around every corner. Perverts, sharp sticks, boiling hot slides. At Brooklyn Bowl? It's all contained AND there's a DJ. Safety in hipster numbers. Plus, you and the kids can dance to MGMT. While the parents get drunk. It's f*cking genius. Then there's the bowling. Great. And the beers. Also great. And the bathroom's sitting area? I'd like to apply for a lease, please. The best part? If you go dance and drink and bowl on a Saturday afternoon, you will be pleasantly surprised to find yourself drunk in the daylight upon your exit. Yes, more time to continue drinking with! Brilliant!
Nice atmosphere. Loud and huge! Good place to see shows. The beers are decent. Bowling is unreasonably priced. All in all it's a nice place for a show.
Loved everything about this place the ambiance the food, omg so good fried chicken with a little bit of honey so goood drinks where a bit over priced but still good.... quest love was there the night I went he played great music
Don't get me wrong, the arena is great. Bowling and live music? Awesome. However, some of the staff... are not. We didn't know there was a show the night we went (Dale Earnhardt Jr. Jr. - amazing!) and we had to pay the $12 cover even though the show wasn't for another 3 hours. We just wanted to bowl! And the bouncers were unpleasant and extremely hostile. They told us the $12 was "all-inclusive." Yeah right. After the end of the night, this place ended up being a rip off. We had fun with friends, but we could have went somewhere 1. less crowded, 2. with less hostile people, 3. cheaper. Also, we put our names down to bowl right when we arrived, but there were so many people there that we didn't bowl until 5 hours later. 5 HOURS LATER!! So we ate dinner at the restaurant in the back. The hostess was MISERABLE. She gave us such a hassle about seating and friends whom were arriving later, that it definitely was NOT worth eating there. However, the food was delicious. We ate the fried chicken (yum!) and had a milkshake (strawberry, yum!). Probably won't go again.
I'm never been disappointed whenever I visit this establishment. I've never actually bowled but they serve good food and the ambiance is fun and cool. Service is always pleasant. BEST Fried Chicken I've had so far. The chicken is crispy, tender, very tasty, not greasy, and always fresh. The honey that they served on the side is a great addition. The Mac&Cheese and Collard Greens are a MUST have when you're having the fried chicken. The Mac&Cheese is baked perfectly with the the crusty bread crumbs that adds a great texture in every bite.
On any given night something is going down!  Gauranteed good time!
First, $5 cover on weekends (cash only and their ATM was busted). Where are we, Meat Packing, Time Sq? I think they use the word "Brooklyn" in their name so you don't forget where you are. Second, We put are name on a list to bowl (9pm), they took are phone #, we have to ask them, "soooo, how long is the wait?" He replied "Several hours". We've realized why they charge a cover, so you don't leave. Third, we had to eat food right next to the stage, then a band came on. Fourth, the band blew hard, while we drank $27 pitchers. Fifth, the Blue Ribbon food wasn't worth it (see my review on Blue Ribbon) Sixth, they called me at 1am (4 hours later) to say our lane was ready, I was happily at home back in what felt more like Brooklyn.
This place makes a great venue and has pretty good food. Sort of strange to bowl during a concert but it's a novelty, ya know?
I don't give five stars easily or quickly but BK Bowl deserves it.  Not because everything was perfect in every way but because they are able to execute so many different business ideas and do it so well.  It's a bar, it's a music venue, it's a restaurant, it's a bowling alley.   When you have that much going on and such a huge space, things are bound to go wrong, but oddly enough they didn't.  We came at midnight and had no issues getting a lane as well as bowling shoes nicely laid out in a little carry on cart along with fresh socks.  Once we got to our lane a very sweet waitress appeared and handed us some menus and was on top of her game the entire time we were there.  Every time I wanted something I would look around and she would magically appear, it was so refreshing.  The food was also really delicious.  Not delicious for a bowling alley, but just plain delicious.  Also, if you're bowling you get your own little VIP seats to the concert/music performance.  It was great!  I will definitely be back.  Hipsters, you've done it again!
For first timers bowlers: be prepared to spend $$$ What a racket! First, you're instantly demanded to pay a cover fee. As the smug bouncer at the entrance so condescendingly points out "it's a live venue...you're paying for the band." So if you're only there to bowl TFB because "even if you decide to leave, the bands still going on." Can't quote a price though, it varies depending on the entertainment *insert eye roll here* Now to bowl.. it's $20 a half hour, which, if you're with a bigger group doesn't seem that much but you have to factor in wait time between bowlers. Also, throw in an automatic $5.95 per person for shoes. Add any food or drinks and you're looking at $60+.. Not ideal. In short, cool venue but for those who are looking for a nostalgic bowling night: save your money..the bitter taste of a siphoned bank account overpowers any joy a turkey could ever produce.
Sunday afternoons (after 4) are awesome! Nobody there... If you don't mind the rando band sound checks. Super hip atmosphere, pretty damn good food and attentive service. The pins were held up by cables though, which was kind of weird and frankly, the cause of the lack of strikes in my game (riiiiight). SO coming back.
Very cool place, nicely renovated, clean fun vibe and not too cheesy like most places.  Also a pretty cool vibe at the bar, and sometimes live music with a big floor (that i suppose you could dance on)
Brooklyn Bowl is my new hot spot! I love how you can play a free hour including shoes Monday through Thursday between 6-7pm. After that it's $40/hour, but hey, can't beat getting an hour free! You'll need 4 people minimum to get a lane. So if you see those 3 cute guys ahead of you who need more people, don't be afraid to ask them to join you! (That's what my friend and I did anyway... *wink). The food? It's Blue Ribbon and it's AMAAAZINNNGGG!!! Yes, pricey, but also, do I have to repeat myself? It's BLUE RIBBON! Delicious fried chicken at a bowling alley - yay! I'll be back soon and again and again after that. Check if out if you haven't been yet!
i want to have my wedding here if i can ever get married
Came here for a friends going away party. He had reserved a lane and table in the restaurant portion but since the wait time was 2hrs + I decided to just hang around for Cherubs live performance. The space is large and nicely laid out. The music was mainly pop/electronic but it could have been  just for that night. It was an all around nice experience and I can't wait to go back to eat and bowl.
Leave it to the hipsters to make bowling cool--and expensive. It's $25/HALF HOUR Thurs-Saturday & $20 the other unimportant days of the week. Also there's a $10 cover on weekends when there's live music. Food is catered by Blue Ribbon. Shots are $6-$8. Ouchies. Hands down, the cleanest, nicest, fanciest venue for bowling I've been too. I just don't believe in paying out the nose for playing & failing at an ESPN 3 sport.
The food is great here. Veggie buster is too vast to fit into human mouths, and includes eggplant, zucchini, fresh greens, olives, tomato, red pepper, sweet potato, artichoke hearts, and really nice mozzarella. For all that, it doesn't feel heavy - it's fresh tasting and very flavorful. My meat-eating friend enjoyed his burger (topped with beautiful bacon), conceding that it was better than average but not spectacular. $2 beer specials during movies is great, and bourbon milkshakes?  Um, YES. So, the food is really good. But it must be said: food this greasy, this fall-aparty, this requiring-two-handsy, is completely inappropriate for bowling. Plus, the bathrooms are really far away from the lanes, so a quick handwash between bites is inconvenient. Better to do dinner during a movie - ideally one you've seen before, since while I surely did enjoy myself and do recommend the experience, it's impossible to assert that a bowling alley is a good place to see a film.
Brooklyn Bowl is a cool place for sure - BUT they sometimes lose your shoes. So not sure if that's an issue for anyone. I was there on Friday, and not only did they lose my shoes, they also haven't been real helpful in helping me find those shoes. I understand that mistakes are sometimes made. For instance, going to a restaurant, receiving cold food, and then getting your meal comped. Or, going to a ski area, and when it rains, they offer you a voucher to go on another day. Good ways to get customers to come back again. Brooklyn Bowl has made no attempt to make the situation better for me. I've called a few times and it sounds like I just get put on a post-it note on a desk of other post-it notes. Maybe my rating will go up after I hear back from them about my sneakers they lost.
OMG the food! I came here for a company outing in an attempt to get to know Brooklyn. And I LOVED it. We bowled for 2 hours. and order mac and cheese, collard greens, fried chicken, corn bread. We had a little of everything for our group and I have been craving it since then. The food was so amazing. I just cant get over it. Drinks were good as well. Very good crowd and I loved the show! Amy Poehler and Maya Rudolph showed up and performed, and I saw an amazing performance by Nicki Bluhm who is now one of my favorite artists. I didnt know who she was before this visit to Brooklyn Bowl.. Lighting, crowd, food - everything amazing. Cant wait to visit again!!
I went here with friends from out of town.  We all thought that the food selection and variety was top notch for a bowling alley.  We went on a Sunday night around six and we were surprised by the hour and half wait time.  I can not even imagine the wait time during the peak time.   Local brews on tap are always a plus!! The vibe and decor was hip and fun.  The bathrooms were impeccable! We noticed they were having a "Silent Disco,"  that seemed like a lot of  fun, however we didn't bother getting the free head sets.   I would defiantly go back again but i would try to go during an "off time" if you want to bowl.
Never fails.  Only knock is for not having cheap beers.
Went on St. Patty's day. Love this place: the deco, live music, reasonably priced drink, and the great ambiance. $8 cover was totally worth it. Also had their honey bbq chicken wings, quite good. I am so in love with the deco of the place. Will definitely come back.
Walking down the street you would have no idea that this awesome place exists in the neighborhood, but a huge line out the door makes you do a double-take. I went to see the Air Guitar Competition, and was pleasantly surprised by this place. The bowling lanes are off to the side of a pretty big stage and floor for the audience, and there;s even a mini restaurant and a couple bars. They have high ceilings and couches and everything you need to have a good time watching a performance. Lots of fun, average-priced beer, and I believe it's the same owners of Brooklyn Lager Brewery? Awesome.
I've been here a couple times and had a blast each night. The food is absolutely phenomenal and the beer is great. They always have live music and an even livelier atmosphere. The only reason Brooklyn Bowl gets 4 stars instead of 5 is the cost of bowling. I haven't been able to bowl yet, because the prices are just too outrageous, even for NYC.
Brooklyn Bowl definitely gets an A+! As we got off the subway and trekked to the west side of Williamsburg, we were skeptical. The area is fairly industrial and not nearly as populated as other neighborhoods, so we weren't sure of what to expect. The building was fairly unassuming with just a neon sign out front and a bouncer, but inside the place was hoppin'! This is a great example of how an old building can be reworked to create a really original and chic space. The open areas and high ceilings lend themselves beautifully to the bar, bowling lanes, and concert venue. The stage was easy to see and well lit. We got in early and decided to sample a couple BK brews along with the Roasted Adobo Corn, which was good but not nearly as good as the corn at Habana Outpost. It was a great experience and a fantastic show! I'm sure I'll be back for other shows, but it's yet to be seen whether or not I will ever actually bowl... with a previous high score of 67, can you blame me?
I like the layout of this place, as well as the level of sound. No tinnitus for me. What I didn't like was an unknown person in the crowd. Went there this past weekend, and set my jacket down in a corner, and went back to find it had been stolen. Luckily I hadn't paid too much for it, but it was a very nice jacket, so I was left with a bad feeling. I'm writing this mostly to warn others not to do what I did. Cheerio.
so.. not exactly "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" but certainly GOOD food for a bowling alley. The wait is super longggg even on a typical non-holiday or game day so get there early & put your name on that list! -great place for a game night out with the boys -grab some beer.. bowl & eat all in one place -huge music venue -only 16 lanes.. so its pretty crowded but great place to also meet new people? ;)
I like this place. A lot. As the owner has had his fair share of experience in the business, I wasn't surprised that nearly every aspect of Brooklyn Bowl hits right on the money. The place is extremely well-designed, first of all. It is a bowling destination? Perhaps. But the music venue is what sets this place apart... it's about as large as the floor level at Bowery Ballroom (although lacks a balcony unfortunately) but a bit longer -- the money seats are the leather couches along the side by the bowling lanes. Snagging one of those will make for a great show. They are already bringing in great music acts too... I was here for a free show by one of my favorite bands of the moment, to celebrate the first night of BB's full menu. I expected major issues in the kitchen and reluctantly ordered a burger/fries during the set break. To my delight the burger came out quickly and it was actually delicious. Sure, it wasn't the best burger ever, as it was not huge by any means, although I did expect it to be pretty big for $14. Then again, for a bowling alley (or venue) it was much better food than you would get anywhere else -- that's what the Blue Ribbon name brings to this place -- and given that it's a bowling alley you gotta expect inflated prices. The rest of the food menu looked great too. The best part of BB is their stellar beer selection. It is a lot better than almost any music venue I've been to, and certainly better than any Manhattan bowling alley. Plenty of beers from Six Point, a couple from Kelso, and all well-priced at $6 -- the smile on my face throughout the evening was a mile wide. Bowling isn't as expensive as the Manhattan spots either, at what amounts to $30-$50 per hour for a lane... splitting that between 4 people isn't bad at all. Remarkably, the noise from the bowling lanes does not carry over to the concert space at all. Awesome time here, and I'm really looking forward to returning.
Came for a show and was stunned by the place. I was expecting a venue and found that the name was referring to the fact that they are also a bowling alley, as well as a bar, restaurant and club. The place was really crowded and getting a lane didn't seem too feasible. Luckily there were plenty of places to sit down by the stage while waiting for the show to start. It was picnic table seating, which is pretty cool actually (until the show starts because then half of the people are facing the wrong direction...but who wants to sit during a live show anyway?). I'll need to go back and try the food out before I can comment on that--hopefully I'll be updating this soon.
4 stars because I had such a good time, but there were some cons about this place, which we should discuss first. $11 cover to walk-in , and there was no band playing. 3 hour wait for a bowling lane. No where to sit or congregate while waiting 3 hours. Food was ok, I had to eat while standing. Bowling was fun, If I remember correctly. It was expensive, I honestly did not expect to pay a cover, when they charge for drinks, food, bowling lane, and bowling shoes. This place is tremendous, there is parking around the neighborhood and the crowd was okay, harmless people. I enjoyed my night at Brooklyn Bowl. I spent about $200 for the entire night.
Plus Points Include: Classy Sneaker Retrieval, Shoe-string Crispy French Fries, Normally Priced Good Beer, Appearance and Overall Decor, Live Music Venue while you Bowl, Nice Servers, Leather Couches, Obscure Movies above Alley Minus Points Include: Doesn't seem to be pro-rated bowling, Pins attached to Strings, Final Bill with Tax (therefore shoe rental + bowling is taxed!?!?) I will happily be going back many, many times regardless of the minus points... this place is well, A-OK.  I like it a whole lot more than gutter..that is for sure. (and brag... not just bc I bowled a 152)
This is one of my very favorite places to spend a Saturday afternoon. If you get there early, you can get on a lane without too much of a wait. They serve the most delicious Blue Ribbon food and incredible drinks. My favorite is the chocolate bourbon milkshake - it is literally chocolate heaven in a glass, you would never even know there was alcohol in it. I threw a joint birthday party for 2 friends here and they made it so easy to have a big group (40+) people. They had amazing drink specials (all you can drink with a per person cost) and big platters of food. The space is incredibly beautifully done as well.
One of my favorite places in the city.  If I have friends down this is the place to go, it has everything!  If you plan in going I would highly suggest the honey BBQ wings.  They are most amazing chicken wings I have ever had!  Great beer selection as well.
I try to stay away from Williamsburg as much as possible. So, I was a little skeptical when my good friend said she was having her going away shindig there. I'm a good friend, so I swallowed my pride and ventured into hipster-ville. Well I must say, I was pleasantly surprised at the Brooklyn Bowl. The outside looks very unassuming but once you step inside it's a completely different story. The design and architecture is breathtaking. You can tell it was something the designers spent time on. It's very spacious and welcoming. This is the anti Bowlmor and Lucky Strikes. There was a concert on the day I went, so perhaps that's why there was a $5 cover charge. I didn't mind it though. The atmosphere of the place makes up for it. Bowling there was a lot of fun, a bit expensive but fun. The staff makes it enjoyable and are very willing to answer any questions you may have. However, on a Friday night be prepared to wait for a lane, since it's pretty packed. Enjoy the live music in the stage area while you wait it out. There's great diversity in the crowd and people love mingling with each other. Definitely check it out, if you're sick of Bowlmor Lanes and Lucky Strike.
My last trip to New York I had the pleasure of visiting Brooklyn Bowl.  My friend Annie and I went for dinner and to check out Quest Love doing a dj set.  We got there around nine so our cover was only five bucks which is pretty cheap for seeing a well known artist in New York.   The place was already packed!  All of the lanes were full which was fine with us because we came to eat and dance.  We put in an our names for dinner and headed to the bar to sample one of the fine Brooklyn brews while we waited. We had both tried some of the Brooklyn beers before such as the lager and brown ale and were excited to see the selection of different brews they offered.  The bartenders were nice and laid back despite the crowded bar room.  I am a huge IPA gal and was blown away by the Brooklyn Blast.  It was a double IPA and was very smooth with a tart citrus flavor.  Annie isn't a huge fan of hoppy beers so she went with the Weisse.  It was a nice light wheat beer and she was psyched that it wasn't super sweet. Our wait was about fifteen minutes which was perfect timing allowing us to lounge on leather sofas finishing our first round.  Our waitress was very polite helping me narrow down a few choices to "The Theresa," a yummy butternut squash, mushroom, and garlic french bread pizza.  I paired the pizza with the belgian styled "Brooklyn Local One beer."  Annie had the fried catfish sandwich and mixed greens with the "Brooklyn Pale Ale."  The food was awesome, but a little pricey. As we dined, we listened to an awesome funk band with an impressive female vocalist with powerful pipes.  As soon as we finished  Quest Love set up and started spinning.  He was set up between the dance floor and bowling lanes.  There was a decent sized crowd and it didn't take long for the dance party to kick off.  I was impressed with his choices, he masterfully mixed top 40 with obscure soul and funk.  We had a great time!
I love this place. Awesome food, nice atmosphere, and bowling is fun! Its fun to go when they have a band playing. Its just a nice place to go for a chill and fun time.
I'm definitely coming back.  Really great idea, it's basically a club with bowling lanes.  AND has a top notch restaurant to boot. Incredible chicken burger... Juicy, and loads of flavor.  Hands down the best chicken burger I've ever had! Their French bread pizzas are goood.  Get the Fatty, it's a heart attack waiting to happen but well worth it. Mac and cheese is good, not the best but nice and creamy the way I like it. Overall, really good energy and had a blast here.  Perfect spot to hang out for hours b/c there's A LOT more going on than bowling.
Every one of my friends who has been to Brooklyn Bowl (and none who are hipsters) have said what a fun place it is and they were right - definitely worth crossing the river to check it out. Pluses: Dance party USA with an electro-DJ set by Classixx. Not sure what it would be like with a band but everyone was dancing. Gigantic space. Minuses: Complete disorganization at the door. Very hard to tell what line to stand in for bowling vs. the tickets for the shows, etc. Brooklyn Bowl is kinda perfect for people who are either seniors in college or just graduated because it is a youngin's paradise for attractive people ready to make silly decisions. I really want to go bowling next time but it seems like you have to get there early to get a lane. Also heard that their fried chicken is off the hook so that could be something to check out next time too.
The food, drinks, concert venue, and vibe make this one of the absolute best spots in the city. I wish Seattle had a place like this!
The good? This spot was decorated beautifully and we were optimistic about the extensive looking drink list and the promise of Southern-esque food and BBQ. Throw in the fact that we were going to take our drinks 20 feet away and do some bowling and this place had all the makings of an apparent winner. The bad? Where do I start? Let's start where we started, with the drinks.. I was especially disappointed in my Sazerac cocktail. All it ended up being was chilled Rye. I don't know if the bartender didn't know how to make it or didn't think I'd know the difference but either way, it was wrong. I watched her make it. No absinthe or Peychaud's anywhere in sight. I even asked her for "more Peychaud's" to prove to my date, Mrs. Jimmy Wall Street, that it wasn't made properly. After a half-hearted attempt to find the Peychaud's, the bartender produced Angostora Orange and said, "It's the same thing.." Strike two, sister!! I mean, jeez, the ingredients are listed in the menu description for goodness sake. Fortunately, this bar-maid managed to be adequately talented enough at pouring beer into pint glasses to suffice for the rest of the night. Mrs. Jimmy Wall Street ordered the Oyster Po' Boy. Now, I don't wanna get all NOLA on y'all but you don't serve an Oyster Po' Boy on the wrong bread and advertise it as if we should be looking forward to it being on the wrong bread. Also, the fried oysters were underwhelming. Needless to say, Mrs. Jimmy Wall Street was less than impressed and I can't say that I blame her. After all, the Po' Boy she had before this one was a few weeks ago at Acme Oysterhouse. We shoulda known better. I ordered the chicken wings. The sauce they were in was "designed by committee mediocre." I guess it was an authentic attempt at authenticity but that's about all I can say about that. The chicken wasn't raw. How's that for positive? So after we paid our (not very BBQ authentic) $125 check, it was time for some bowling, right? I mean we put our name on the list, like, an hour and a half ago. They must be as ready for us as we are for them, right? Absolutely! They were rarin' to go and get us out there to do some bowling....in two hours. Needless to say, we split. Also, although I guess it didn't have much to do with the place, itself, the people-watching was entertaining. My comment is that Brooklyn is apparently now loaded with people who are all solidly convinced that THEY are the only ones who can truly call Brooklyn "home" and "get it." Problem is, that's EVERYONE in Brooklyn. It was hilarious to see 30 year old adults dressed up like 10 year-olds in hand-me-down clothes. I think I will start looking to "The Big Chill" and various Woody Allen movies for fashion tips, too. So, long story short, if you dress ridiculously, can round up $200 and don't mind being served mediocre food and cocktails because you can't tell the difference anyway and don't really want to bowl...This place will be like freakin' Mecca for you. Enjoy!!
best music venue in the country, HANDS DOWN!  Amazing experience top-to-bottom every time I go.  The Blue Ribbon food is simply amazing.  I highly recommend the fried chicken. Also, as a music venue, you can;t beat this place.  If you enjoy bowling with friends, good live music and GREAT food, do yourself a favor and get your butt to this amazing place ASAP.  The staff is as cool as it gets and, over all, you can have a great night without spending a TON of cash... God bless The Brooklyn Bowl!
I went there for the FELA Album release party and I had a blast, I had friends come by, the drinks were cheap, and ?uestlove from The Roots was DJing there. I'm definitely coming through there in a couple of weeks when I come back home to Brooklyn, New York.
IF YOU LIVE IN NEW YORK, YOU SHOULD REALLY CHECK THIS PLACE OUT--UNIQUE EXPERIENCE/ATMOSPHERE TO BOWL, EAT REAL GOOD FOOD, HAVE A DRINK, HANG OUT, AND WATCH A CONCERT--BUT THE WAIT CAN BE A LITTLE FRUSTRATING, FOR MORE CONTINUE TO READ. Brooklyn bowl is probably one of my favorite places in New York.  I've only been here a couple times, but each time was AWESOME.  Each time I went with a group of friends, so it's good for large groups.  I also celebrated a friend's bday here--dinner/drinks and bowling--good time.  The place offers you a really unique and cool atmosphere, don't know how to explain it.  It's not like any bar in the city--the combo of bowling, food/drinks, concerts is pretty cool.  And the decor of the place is really laid back and cool.  Check this place out. FOOD: 4 1/2 to 5 stars--Best fried chicken ever!!! The food is by blue ribbon restaurants (fancy restaurants all over the city).  I've never actually been to a blue ribbon restaurant except this one, but it was sooooo good.  I really like the food here.  I had the fried chicken--by far the best fried chicken I've ever had!!  No joke, so good!  I also had the oyster po' boy, also so good!!  The other stuff my friends ordered was also good.  I'd give the food maybe 4 1/2 to 5 stars.   SERVICE AND DECOR: Awesome.  No complaints.  Very accommodating. BOWLING: Awesome.  Bowling is bowling really, nothing special.  It's really just being able to bowl in the atmosphere that brooklyn bowl created.  The seating area when you bowl is fancy looking and you can order food and drinks as you bowl and the bowling area is right next to the concert area which is really cool.  So you can check out the concert and bowl at the same time--pretty awesome. READ THIS: If you go here and want to bowl on a Friday/Saturday night (I can't say anything for the other days b/c I've only been there on Friday and Saturday nights) you must go early and put your name down to bowl.  Last time I bowled here, I put my name down at 6:15 and didn't bowl till 10:00.  Pretty ridiculous, yes I know, but worth it--kill the time by grabbing dinner and drinks and checking out whatever music artist is performing with friends.  I think when you go to Brooklyn Bowl, at least for me, you're pretty much spending your whole night there from about 6:30 to whenever you want.  Trying to get in at 10 or 11 or so is really hard, and you'll probably have to wait in a line outside--so annoying, so avoid that by getting in earlier.  Hope this helps. FINAL THOUGHTS: You should go here if you live/visit New York.  It's really an experience.  You'll have a great time, trust me.
Watch out because this place may not be for everyone It is loud and can get very crowded But what do expect from a place with a restaurant (serving Blue Ribbon Fried chicken a destination in itself), a full bowling alley, a bar and a concerthall that can hold about 400 people, not only under one roof but all in one room.  You must go to this place just to see the layout it is quite impressive.  On the weekends they often have record and musical insrument swap meets, and the last Thursday I was there Bernie Worrel(of Pfunk fame) was in concert and Questlove jumped up and played drums on his way home from Jimmie Fallon show. They also  have many Brooklyn Brewery specialties on tap you won'tfind anywhere else. You would have to say Brooklyn Bowl is one of the best of Williamsburg.
Brooklyn Bowl is just a mess, on Friday they refused to tell me the average wait time on a Saturday. It was around 8 PM Friday when I called, so I retorted, "well, what is the wait time now? i am just looking to estimate a range for Saturday"   "we don't give wait times."  "ok, how many people are on the waiting list now?" "well, i can't give you a number. there are going to be more people later." They said I could show up Saturday and put my name on the waiting list but that I would have to stay in the venue until the name was called. Had eaten at the Blue Ribbon there on a previous visit and was not happy about being forced to repeat the experience (not terrible, but definitely bleh) just to have something to do while waiting for a lane. So I show up on Saturday and there is a line around the corner. I ask, "Is this for the concert (Soulive was playing)? We just want to bowl."  "Same line for both."  "Will we be able to get a lane tonight?" "I don't know anything about the lanes."   10 minutes later in line, a security guard tells us it is a 2 hour minimum wait for a lane.  Nice to know that Brooklyn Bowl cares enough about their customers that it takes all the steps outlined above to know that you are not going to be bowling that night, when all your friends are depending on you to organize a good night.
The bathroom lines are pretty short, somewhat cleaner than many places I have been to. The wait to bowl, HOURS.  On a Saturday at least it was packed. But good beers, I wish they were a few degrees colder.   Live music, a huge dance floor, to be honest I thought that the bowling lanes would be bigger. Theres only a few lanes compared to how massive everything else is. But I ordered food, uhhh that food holy crap.   Fried oysters on a deviled egg, one of the best things I've ever eaten.   Fried chicken, a little salty but it was very tender, not overcooked and still crispy.   Their gravy for mashed potatoes was so buttery and tasted like pure delicious fat that was amazing. And the bowling was fun, the bowling balls came back to you so fast, and then pins are standing up in an instant as well.  Never seen anything like it lol.
I came here last night with a couple of friends.  Didn't bowl, just came to see a band.  The atmosphere in this place is overwhelmingly awesome.  I can't say enough about the way cool vintage carnival decor.  It's awesome all day long. Sound was OK.  It was a little weird to watch a band while people are bowling 20 feet away, but I guess that's part of the charm.   Bar service was fine.  Front door guy was very cool, as we had an ID issue when we first got there.  I will definitely return.
Great bar food and a fun crowd. Brooklyn is fun no matter what the highbrow people say
Brooklyn Bowl is a place I frequent pretty often. For being in the heartland of hipsters, being overrun with them will depend on the show. If you think there's even the slightest chance the band you are going to see will get sold out, I recommend you buy tickets before the day of the show. If anything, go down to their box office and avoid the fees. Waiting on line day of is not fun, especially if the weather is yucky. They do book pretty decent and fun acts. Bowling is expensive and if you're not there early, you might not get to bowl. The line fills up real quick. Also, if you're not bowling, you can't hang with your friends who are. I understand the reasoning behind this, they don't want them all crowding the bowling area. The bathrooms, so far, have been for the most part pretty clean. I also like the sitting area in the ladies room where you have a window that you can see pretty much the whole place. The food there is fantastic. I do wish they changed up the menu a little bit, but I've never been unhappy with something I've gotten. I know most people go crazy over the wings, but the mac & cheese is some serious stuff. As is the pizza. While there is a serious lack of table (they definitely need more tables in the front, lobby, area) you give your phone number and the waitress will call you. Works pretty well for the most part. However, I still think they should put a standing bar where you can just order at the bar and bring your food. As far as your servers go... it really depends on the night. We've had some good servers and we've had some REALLY crappy ones.
The venue is cool, looks like an old timey arcade, but the food was sub par.  We went on a Thursday night and it was packed.  I was happy we were able to eat while bowling, but camera crew people for some blog were constantly getting in the way.   I got the supposed "best fried chicken in Brooklyn".  The chicken was moist, but I was really disappointed with the crust.  It was flaky, thin, and had no flavor.  Though, the dessert (bourbon Nutella milkshake) was killer.  If I drank more, I would MAYBE consider this the best friend chicken in Brooklyn.   The reason this place gets four stars is because you can't really beat it for a place to get drunk with friends.  It's not cheap, but really good drunk food, plenty of bowling, and good live music.  Also, for being so crowded, you would think the staff would be rigid, but they were surprisingly friendly.  We even got our dessert on the house because of the camera crew was in our lane a lot.
Awesome venue for bowling and to see a music show.
What's the trick to not waiting forever for a lane here?  Stop by before 6, put your name on the list with cellphone # and go around the corner to Brooklyn Brewery for a tour and a beer or five.  That's exactly what we did to not strangle ourselves while waiting for a lane.  Plus, this way you avoid paying cover charge. Ha! I came here to celebrate my birthday over the weekend and had a wonderful time. Bowling + awesome company + good food = FUN. Everything we ordered from drinks, chicken wings to chocolate bourbon shake, all tasted good. We were able to squeeze in 2 games in 2 hours.  I only wish they would extend the limit to 3 hours. What a tease!   The weekends tend to be very busy. If you get here after 6:30 expect to wait at least a couple of hours.  No bueno.
Went to a birthday party here. Pretty good concept for a bowling alley. The live music and bar is a great way to pass the time. Nice open layout. Makes it seem less crowded than it is. You should plan to spend the night here. You have to wait a couple hours before getting a lane (which makes the bar and music that much better). I didn't try the food, but it smelled good. Large selection of Brooklyn beer. You have to pay a cover to get in, which makes it a bit less appealing. All in all, a good place to go with a group of friends and no other plans that evening.
Totally great place to chill, they need a bit more healthier choices on the menu but besides that this place is great.
I'm pretty certain there are many places in Brooklyn you can go for 7 hours of hijinx and end up with a $160 bar tab. But this one should top your list. I'm not a fan of bowling but something about this place makes it fun -- maybe the mix of youngsters, elders, hipsters, what have you ... I didn't see any hard core bowlers here so the intimidation factor is low. It seems the lanes are reasonably priced (the more people, the better the deal, obvi) and shoe rental was dirt cheap. Besides bowling -- um, hello -- Brooklyn Brewery? I love Brooklyn Brewery's beers and it's really tough to get anything unusual in Philly. So to have Brooklyn Weiss, and my favorite, PENNANT, on tap --- ?? Ok I've fallen for you. The bartenders were super great to us ... maybe because were there at 4 in the afternoon when it was dead and stuck around when it was super packed. I felt like I got special treatment, but maybe it was just me. I vaguely remember eating some veg pizza -- it was good -- things got a little fuzzy at the end when we snuck into the Blues Traveler concert that we didn't have tickets for, and there was enough jam band jamming going on to put me into a coma. I would totally come back here, even just to sit at the bar. It's really fun! Go!
If you're going and expecting your traditional bowling experience, that will not be the case. But... it is a good time. Nice lanes, pretty good music (which doesn't quite fit with the whole bowling alley deal), and good people watching.
Worst night ever. The owner of this bar is a total creep and a huge douche bag. Not only did he ruin mine and my friends night he was extremely rude and creepy. After getting into a disagreement which was in the big picture no big deal, he kept coming over to our lane while we were trying to bowl and arguing with me about the situation. He was also very obviously drunk  and was denying it the entire time. He then hovered around our lane for the duration of the time we were bowling making it a very uncomfortable situation. We were however offered a free brownie to make up for his lack of customer service. Seriously? No thanks douche bag. I wouldn't go back to this place for anything. If you want to support a bad businessman then go ahead and give this prick your money.
If you like bowling, live music, amazing fried chicken, and beer, chances are you will love the brooklyn bowl. After countless visits to this place, I do have a few qualms with it.   1- The place is a money pit.  It is like a Chuck E Cheese for adults.  While it is entirely possible to have a cheap night here, if you want the full experience, be ready to shell out. 2- The Rules.  This place has alotta rules. The worst of which being in the restaurant area.  They are gestapo when it comes to the seats in the restaurant.  They don't let anyone in there who isn't ordering food.  Don't even think about going to say hello to a friend in that area if you aren't going to buy food.  Think you are going to chill and have a few drinks before you eat? Prepare to be hounded by the staff about your requirement to buy food inside this holy area. 3- the programming is way too focused on jam bands.  They need to diversify their musical acts.  This place has provided me with some amazing nights, but I feel all to often I get dragged here for 5th tier jamband side projects. Now that I've gotten that off my chest, time for the good. The food is unbelievable.  They serve up some of my favorite fried chicken ever.  Blue Ribbon is practically a dynasty at this point. They have a great selection of local beers. The place is spacious and comfortable The interior includes a ton of wood, and overall a pretty classy & vintage look. The staff can be very awesome at times (aside from the people who regulate the restaurant area). GREAT bowling lanes with comfy sofas, right next to the stage. If you've never been, certainly check this place out.  If you've got coin, you'll have a great time. Peak experience here includes: bowling with all your friends within 50 feet of your favorite band while pitchers of beer and tons of fried chicken are delivered to your lane.
Sunday night Nirvana. Mac & cheese with artichokes paired with a pint of Sweet Action can't be beat. And I've acquired quite a few pairs of their bowling socks along the way...
get over yourselves people , i went one friday night with a few friends the doorman was like" id's please and oh p.s. if your here to bowl its impossible because there is like a three day wait" and they dont take resi's, kinda  stupid !
I came here first to meet up with some friends, I thought it was weird that there was a cover charge, but moved in towards the main stage and bam, boobies. It was burlesque night and it was packed with excited people. Sure, there were a lot of pasties and tranies as one could expect, but there were bona fide boobs as well as bona fide bowling. What a great interior, big, brick, LEED certified, big cool vinyl couches, brooklyn brewery beers (it's next door)... I recommend you check this place out, even if you're not big into bowling. If you come to bowl, come mon-thurs for half price bowling and brooklyn beer!... otherwise its sort of on the expensive side.
Great chicken, music and bowling!!! Yay!   My friends and I had a big birthday party here and could not have had more fun!  We're trying to find another excuse to throw a big bash here in the near future!  Even if you don't bowl, go for the AMAZING fried chicken and the amazing DJ's!!!!
This is a review for Brooklyn Bowl as a music venue and not as a bowling alley or restaurant, since it looks like both could be good. I went on Saturday for a show, specifically to see a relatively famous reggae singer. We got the early to get drinks and hang out, and when we finally found a place to sit, they took the tables away in preparation for the show. The show started nearly an hour late, and we found ourselves in a crowd of very pushy people with no regard for the people around them (plus a lot of annoying hipsters). When the show started, it turned out to be a soul/jazz band, which would be fine if that genre was at all related to the headliner's type of music, which it's not. The band played three long sets, and I was getting more and more irritated that it was taking so long to get to the main act. At 1:30, 6 and a half hours after we'd gotten there, a guy from the band announced that the headliner "was sick" and wouldn't actually be playing at all. I couldn't believe they had the gall not to announce it at the beginning of the night. Never again will I go to the Brooklyn Bowl for a show.
I wish i could write 2 reviews for this place. I also REALLY want to give 4 stars but it seems like everyone that works there wrote a bunch of 5 star reviews already and I need to be responsible and bring this place back down to earth. BOWLING-- on first look i was VERY excited about these new semi virgin lanes. but as i bowled I noticed my pin did not spin like it would of normally. Then I saw it... STRINGS ON THE PINS! WHAT THE HELL IS THAT ALL ABOUT!  Seriously, Strings.... On....pins.... I simply do not understand the benefit.   Aside from that the lanes were nice and better than the gutter ( however the gutter does not have strings on the pins, just saying and no i won't let it go)   FOOD So tonight was the first night of them serving food. and if i could give five starts for that I WOULD . I asked for the cajun fries and got cheese fries. At first i was a little upset but how can you be mad at cheese. The answer, you can't Also they were quite possibly the most amazing cheese fries i have ever had in my life. The kind where you go home and you lay down and you think... i need those inside of me.  I also gut the chicken muffaletta also amazing.   Service they did mess up my order, but by doing so i got the most amazing thing i have eaten in weeks. Maybe they knew better? i read a review of someone complaining there were too many people there to help him. Well thats dumb to complain about and I will say I enjoyed being waited on when I needed something . Decor. Its pretty. its a nice place to bowl. One request. get some freaking AC this is not NAM ok!  I should not be having to towel off between games. So i like this place yeah it most likely deserves a 3.5 or a 4 but I feel i need to even out the reviews. I mean if I would of bowled a 200 It would of been a five no questions asked.
Despite my hatred toward all things hipster, I decided to embrace my love for bowling and the fact that I heard great things about Brooklyn Bowl and head over to the land of ironic glasses and skinny jeans to celebrate my birthday with a group of friends. Planning to eat, bowl and imbibe, we arrived at 8pm to a line already down the block.  It was moving quickly, so we stood in it, only to over hear two different comments "it's a $12 cover" and "there's an ever BIGGER line inside for food and bowling."   Having absolutely NO idea about said cover, I asked the bouncer about this and he barked that YEAH, there was a $12 cover and IF WE HAD THE INTERNET WE WOULD KNOW THIS.  Um, really?!  A morbidly obese man whose sole job is to stand and make sure that underage hipsters aren't entering an overrated establishment is giving me a lesson about looking online?!  Yeah, I DID check BB's website, as did my friends, many times before coming and no - there was nothing about a $12 or d-bags working the door. Sorry Brooklyn Bowl, I'm sure you would be everything I hoped and dreamed in a bowling alley with great food and tunes, but your door staff was so rude that I'm turned off.  We took our $12 elsewhere and I had a great birthday, attitude and hipster free, thankyouverymuch.
Let me start by saying that Brooklyn Bowl is not your traditional bowling alley, so it also doesn't feature typical bowling prices. This place is a cool venue that brings all types of artists to Billyburg. I've seen local bands perform and danced away as Questlove has dj'd. I guess there's a price associated with everything, so be prepared to pay a cover many nights. This will suck if you solely want to bowl, so keep that in mind. Keep in mind that this place can get pretty crowded as well. On a Sunday night at 8 pm my name needed to be added to a list and we waited for 30 minutes for a lane to open before we could even bowl. I don't know what the rates are exactly, but for about an hour of play, my group of 5 paid approximately $150 for play time and shoe rental (not including the cover or food and drinks). The wings were saucy, but not really good and the burger was a bit dry. Oh well, we did have fun and enjoyed the band- I forget their name. If you simply want to bowl, its probably best to bowl someplace else. The problem is there aren't many bowling alleys open these days. However if you are coming to see a show, you should absolutely head here. The sweet spot is when you are able to do both at the same time.
This place is so freaking awesome. Dancefloor. Bowling. FOOD! :D Since there was just two of us, and bowling is expensive there, we just had dinner. We were quickly seated in a large comfy booth since there weren't very many people there at the time. I'd been living with a vegan for a month prior to visiting NY, so as soon as I saw mac n cheese on the menu, I had to have it. Mmmm cheeeeese. You can get it with artichoke hearts and olives, but I wanted it straight up cheeeeesy. My favorite comfort food, I was really looking forward to it. I also had a pumpkin ale. The beer came first. Oh, how I love fall and pumpkin ales. Light and clean, it was just so refreshing. When my mac and cheese came, it was perfect to wash down the cheesy goodness...and guuurrrl, was it good. Baked with a beautiful golden brown breadcrumb topping, it looked glorious. I dug in and was welcomed to a gooey mess of cheese. It was love at first bite. I just wish I could've finished it...or left enough to justify taking it home. I hate that leftover limbo. Cool place. If I lived in NY, I'd totally frequent it.
The overbearing bouncers/doormen were a turnoff...complete overkill for the customers they had last night.  However, the bartenders were personable which was unexpected after dealing with the doormen.   I might come back depending on who is playing.
This place is super hip and fun. I had my birthday party at Brooklyn Bowl last Nov (yes, it was that awesome that I'm writing about it a year later) and loved it! Getting to/from the locale was a little sketchy if you don't know the area, as it's mostly warehouses in the vicinity, but the atmosphere inside is warm and lively. The restaurant, bowling lanes, stage, dance floor, and bars are all in one big open area, so the music and energy really permeates the entire space. They have great beers on tap and delicious food at Blue Ribbon, but the wait for both the lanes and restaurant is ridiculous. Because it's so popular, they don't take reservations - I arrived at 7pm with a party of 12 or so, and they weren't able to seat me for food until close to 9:30. We didn't even get a lane to bowl until almost 1am... and that's 10 ppl per lane! Nonetheless, it was awesome and I'd go back in a heartbeat this year, but I don't want to wait another 5hrs! It's also a little expensive for the amount of time you actually get to bowl, but I guess that's New York for you. Highly recommend!!!
I do not have much to add to the already stellar reviews. I will only add that this is a place to take your Long Island friends who will be blown away by the food, the club vibe, the music and ambiance. Also take your out of town friends there is nothing like this in the "M" states. They even have a stage for live performances as well as a very clean bathroom. There is nothing else like it. The food is done by Blue Ribbon - nuff said.
Brooklyn Bowl is the coolest, chillest alley you will ever visit! Yes, there are lots of other pricey chains that serve up the swankiness alongside your fun, but Brooklyn just does it BETTER!   I have been here twice now for group outings.  The first visit was last summer on a Thursday night while ?uestlove was DJing his weekly "Bowl Train" party, doing a tribute to MJ, the King of Pop.  What a freakin' FANTASTIC night we had drinking, eating, bowling and dancing all at the same time!  The dancefloor was packed!  Yes, I said it:  Dancefloor.  Before the oh-so-ill DJ started spinning, there was a live band on stage that rocked!  Yes, I said it:  Stage.  Are you starting to catch my drift?  This joint provides so much great entertainment and is always ready for a party! So I recently came again on a Sunday afternoon during "Family Bowl" which means the young-ins can come in and there is no cover for anyone.  Thank goodness, 'cause any fun you have here certainly does add up!  A $75 afternoon later, don't say I didn't warn you!  But if you ask me if it's worth it, I will tell you "Everytime!"  Just perhaps not "Anytime" unless you are a baller!  It's the type of alley you come to just every once in a while OR you need to budget yourself.  Here's why: -They charge for the lane by the half hour, not per game.  So at $25 per 30 mins, you better watch the clock!  Also does not make it the greatest place for a date; save it for fun group outings where you can all chill on the luxe, tufted leather couches! -I find it hard to turn down their cocktails - they had some brunch specials going, but I was so impressed by their Rum Punch the first time I came that I had to have a few rounds again!   -The FOOD is AMAZING!  Considering the kitchen is basically an outpost of Blue Ribbon, what do you expect!?!  In fact, the first time I heard of Brooklyn Bowl was on the Food Network's "Best Thing I Ever Ate" and dammit they did NOT lie!  The Fried Chicken from Blue Ribbon is reason enough to come here.  Served up with some sweet honey on the side, you will be licking your fingers just as our group did after not one, but two large orders cause one was not enough.  Yes, it's seriously that good. -All the other food is yummy too!  Try the Roasted Adobo Corn and you will become a believer! Roll it around in the platter full of queso fresco, chipotle seasoning and butter and you will know this is also a must whenever you come here.  The Rock & Roll fries are topped with Cajun seasoning, a light gravy and a blend of cheddar & provolone cheese.  Hells Yeah!  The wings are delish too, but pale in comparison to the fried chicken. So ya see, you get what you pay for here.  Totally worth the BooKoo Bucks you will spend, but they absolutely earn every single one of these 5 stars!
feels like walking inside of a large seafood restaurant in panama city with a nightclub attached. not a good venue for live music. the design focuses more on the cheeseball stage setups like high-tech lighting rigs and less on the acoustics. poo poo pee pee stuff.
This place is great,  period. The music always has a retro feel to it and people just let loose. The drinks are strong. It is a little hard to get to the bowling especially on weekends but it's a lot of fun if your in a big group or even if your just on a one on one date. She will love you for this!
this is nothing like the one or two seedy bowling alleys i remember from when i was a kid.  maybe there is a kind of upscale bowling renaissance that took place in recent years that i'm unaware of.  why am i guessing about this?  i haven't bowled since i was 11.  i'm just not crazy about it.  if i liked it, this would be the place i'd bowl at. for me, brooklyn bowl is mainly a concert venue.  i'd anticipated hearing pins get knocked over during the course of the shows i've seen, but you only occasionally hear them faintly in-between songs.  whoever did the soundproofing deserves a pat on the back.  the sound system itself could use some improvement though. they never oversell their shows either, so you'll always find a little free space.  their bartenders and servers (who will grab beers for you while the concert is going on if you hang towards the back) are all friendly and attentive.   i haven't tried the food yet, because i have a weird thing about eating food from a bowling alley, but i'm sure i'll come around eventually.
not a fan, even though it has as dancing, bowling, food and a bar all in one place cover charge = $15? on a fri/sat night ... can't recall, just not worth it to just get into the building, but possibly they charged because there was a band playing that night? shrugs? wait for bowling time = uber long ... apprx 1+ hr closer to 1.5 to 2 i believe crowd = lost of hipsters fries that we got at the bowling alley = definitely not, since it came with some sauce bar = ok dance floor = ? since i didn't check it out
Probably one of the best bowling alley's I've ever been to, and I'm a legit bowler that grew up in the suburbs. First of all, its dirt cheap, if you're serious about bowling, get there at 6 on a weekday, and play for two hours, the first hour is free, the second is $40. Because you got there between 6-7 the shoes are free. You can play probably 6 games, and if you go with a friend it ends up being free shoes and $3 a game. The food was awesome, great burger and fries, rad beers on tap and pitchers weren't even that bad ($23 for most of the beers and all of them were fancy ales). The best part of this place, over bowlmor especially, is that trendy bowling alleys typically don't take care of their lanes at all. Bowlmor never waxes the lanes, they are all crooked and fucked up and if you take bowling seriously, its a frustrating experience. This place has wonderful lanes, and lots of em.
Sometimes when you go out for a night out you ask yourself "where can I go to spend a lot of money and be treated like crap." Yes my friends, you can bet your LEED certification that its Brooklyn Bowl. Yes, it may be busy, but don't you try to order a drink at a bar. or go over and talk to your friends at the bar, or get anywhere near the food, because there's a 2 hour wait. Want a bowl? prepare to wait a few hours and then break the bank to play. sounds great, right? and everytime I tried to get near the bar to order a drink I was scolded and told that people had been waiting for hours to get there to order their drink. you don't want my money? That's fine, because there's a lot of places that do. Though if you're a band, play here because its a sweet deal. They make sure everyone pays cover in this mixed use space even if you're here to drink (and wait) or bowl (and wait) or eat (and wait). So anyway, here's an alternate take on this place. Not worth going out of your way for. Maybe its better on a weeknight, but I'll be staying as far away as I can on my weekends.
I came here for the first time tonight just to merely pick up a cd from a friend of mine that was working there. What was supposed to be a five minute stop ended up being a two hour stay at the infamous Brooklyn Bowl. I say infamous for the reason that I have heard about 6 people this week mention the venue. My landlord mentioned this place is a great place to play a show soundwise. The guys I played with for a band audition earlier this week both work there and enjoy the management. A girl I met earlier this week at Spike Hill bar mentioned that Brooklyn Bowl has great Karaoke nights on Mondays. Overall the place impressed me. On the outside the Brooklyn bowl looks like a washed up old commercial building that hadn't been used in 80 years but the inside is a whole other story. The inside is expansive and modern looking with just about everything you need for a good time with friends. The walls are brick and the lighting excuberates a warm setting. The place isn't the typical small and crowded Williamsburg setting but rather huge and with lots of space. There is restaurant section, a big bar section with huge flat screen tvs, about 15 lanes of bowling and a huge stage showcasing bands. Tonight, Brooklyn Bowl was hosting a free local event which happens every month and showcases local music acts. The music sounded great and professional. The prices on the drinks are fare(I got a brooklyn lager here for $5) and the staff is real friendly. Most definitely I'll be back here in no time.
Brooklyn Bowl is a pretty cool place.  Not only is it a bowling alley, it has a bar, it has a restaurant, and at night it turns into a concert venue. On Saturdays and Sundays before 6 pm, they have special bowling rates.  It's also only one stop out of Manhattan on the L train.  The area that it's in is really cool, full of restaurants and awesome bars. I really dig this place
I didn't go out with the intention of eating, and certainly didn't expect anything spectacular after deciding to, but Brooklyn Bowl definitely delivered a satisfying meal. I tried the pork nachos and the "Fatty" flatbread pizza. Both were great. The concert space was also really nice with good, clear sound. I didn't get a chance to bowl, but the lanes are right next to the event space so you'll be able to see/hear any show that's going on while you bowl. I'll definitely be back, not only for music events but also for food. I'll try to sneak some bowling in next time to complete the trifecta.
My first experience with Brooklyn Bowl was quite unpleasant. It might be an okay place on other nights but my experience on Saturday was just ridiculous. The group leader even called to plan everything out for a birthday event. Everyone had to pay a pricey $15 dollar cover just to enter. The group forked over the money to enter and were told that there was a 2 hour wait time for bowling and left a name for callback. This wasn't a big deal since we decided to go eat. When we came back, they told us that we still had a 2 hour wait time...2 hours later. There was absolutely no excuse for this. If there was really a 4 hour wait time, we could've changed plans and the other part of the group didn't need to waste their money on the exorbitant cover. There was some music going on but the place was packed with nowhere to sit or relax. So we ended up leaving after 20 minutes. 10 minutes after we were driving to our next location...they called us to tell us that they had a lane ready for us. How is it possible to make such a gross mistake (1.5 hr) in estimate wait time? All I know is that if you want to go to bowl, don't bother on Saturday unless you want to scramble to find a new location. It might be okay if you want to just sit around but I think there are much better places to sit around that doesn't charge a $15 cover. Live music is nice, but not in a crowded atmosphere.
I would have given this a really great review. The place is huge, with bowling lanes, a live band and a terrific restaurant. Prices are pretty reasonable as well. HOWEVER. I have never in my life been treated so badly by a staff. The coat check lady cursed at me when I tried to check a bag, the maitre d forced one of the people at my table to leave because he only ordered a drink, and the general attitude was one of disdain and snobbery. No thanks.
oh the horror. i cannot even describe my disgust as i watched 15 friends alternate placing their fingers into bowling balls and cheesefries. apart from my one hangup about finger foods and filth, this place was the jam! good drinks, plenty of space, fun decor, and good service... not bad! the prices for bowling and drinks are slightly steep but i guess i can understand why. minus a star for fake marionette bowling pins that weight 1 oz.
This is a Place now you pay alot for some Hick Music Bands from the south or Rural Areas of the Country, the Drinks are so expensive if you not a wall street  or making over $60.000 or more you be over paying for water down drinks, and they want you to pay to get inside even to eat there, they do not even offer waitress service after a certain time i think around 8pm, so you are on your own with the food order! the DJ is Awful Trust me, this is a Stay away place to buy a pitcher of Beer the cheapest is around $19.00, it's totatally ridicule insane! the food is kind of expensive , so unless you have a big crowd of people to pinch for the pay or a rich friend, make sure you have alot of money, it's funny that this high price place is in williamsburg brooklyn when they have so many other places that are reasonable priced!, oh yea if you do decide not to heed my warning and see a show there make sure you get there early or you will be all the way in the back Not worth the Bad Bands admissions there.
Haven't bowled here but attended the Freedom Friday party here which rocks wherever they have it. Annnnnnnd Brand Nubian performed minus one member but it was still a great show. Ginger ale tasted kind of funny but I won't take a way for that because I truly think my BFF who is an After School Special gone bad spiked it because I said I didn't want to drink. Apparently drunk me is more entertaining. Anyway I will be back minus the BFF.
This is simply out-of-scale and out-of-character with the neighborhood. Sure its *nice* -- but the last thing that NYC needs is another overpriced chic bowling alley.  It's beyond the last thing that Brooklyn needs too. The midday rates are great - but $50/hr lanes , leather couches , table service , hordes of employees... This is little more than BowlMor in manhattan meeting an upper east side club.
I just went here last Friday for the first time and absolutely love it! It is by far one of my favorite places in Williamsburg. I expected a hole in the wall bowling alley but was presently surprised when it turned out to be really nice. They have plenty of space and although there were a lot of people, it never felt crowded. They have huge leather couches, big screens that show music videos (Talking Heads, Prince, Michael Jackson,  among others while we were there). I do recommend getting there early to put in your name to bowl. It took a lot longer than we expected to get called and you can't reserve lanes. But once we started, we had a blast. It's 40 bucks an hour to bowl plus shoe rental but if you fill up your lane (up to 8 bowlers) it hardly costs a thing. I am definitely going back next time I have friends in town or want to celebrate a birthday.
Thursday nights with Questlove for Bowl Train, and other random good nights dancing like an ass to all sorts of wonderful groups (RAC, Digitalism... and soon, The Naked & Famous) in this wonderful, large, and super chill spot with plenty of room for everyone -- has rendered me IN LOVE. I don't care for the food area, I don't really care for the bowling (heard the lanes are pretty crappy anyway) -- I only care about the dancefloor, and they do have a splendid one. Come, dance, party, drink, enjoy.
This place was pretty impressive. Great food, great drinks a d great service. The bartenders and staff were great. The manager was amazing too. The fried chicken here is phenomenal. I also loved the Beef Burger with Bacon and the super thin fries that came along with it. You can bowl here and see a show on certain days. One word........ NICE.
I came for the Soul Clap Dance Off this past weekend, and it was my first time going to Brooklyn Bowl. My friend and I showed up around 10 and had no issue getting in. I had bought a ticket online and she paid up-front. I think the box-office is cash only FYI. I was amazed at how large the space was--separate seating for food, a  lounge like area in the front, a bar leading out to the dance floor and the bowling lanes. I like that there is a coat check but it was full, no big deal. The crowd was really mixed and part of the fun was people watching. The bartenders were friendly and the drinks were strong and well-priced, I really got into the frozen margaritas. The dance floor was packed during the main event but everyone was having fun. I had no issue with the staff and found everyone I dealt with super friendly. Getting a cab home was a breeze too--perks of the new Williamsburg I guess. Wish I had got the chance to try the food but I'm sure I will when I come back next month to win the dance contest.
Awesome! Came here for an album release party a few months ago and I was pretty surprised. By the outside and neighborhood (all tucked away in Brooklyn) you would never guess how cool, and spacious, this place is on the inside. Don't wanna bowl? That's fine, they have a restaurant (food was amazing) and bar inside. Not hungry? They have live music! Divey, hipster vibe, but this is the perfect place to just relax with friends and have a drink or three.
Somebody let me know when bowling alleys in NYC start charging reasonable prices.  get the f*** outta here with that $50 an hour crap.
about as good as a bowling alley comes.  great food, nice atmosphere, good service.  too bad i'm horrible at bowling.  (i'm pretty sure they thought i was going to damage their lanes!)  i'll go back for the food though.
The rock and roll fries are a heart attack waiting to happen but they taste oh so good!!!! I also had the brooklyn bowl burger and bourbon st. shake which had nutella and tasted pretty good. The wait for lanes can be a little long but you could always grab a bite to eat in the meantime or just hang out and enjoy the band. My friend and I waited an hour and a half for a lane just so I could embarrass myself with my pitiful game. All in all it was a good night. I have no idea how it's even possible to wake up feeling full & hungry at the same time but the food at bk bowl accomplished that. Those fries are still on my mind but I think I need to do at least a couple hours of cardio before I attempt to eat it again.
brooklyn bowl, you are the reason why people hate williamsburg! Service: your severs were pretentious and dumber than a rock. Food: on the recommendation of various reviews i decided to order the fried chicken. I dont mind paying for good food, but 24 dollars for 8 pieces of fried chicken? nonetheless, i sucked it up and ordered this item. I really really really wanted to like the fried chicken, but no matter how much i tried, i still ended up hating it! yes, the fried chicken was moist, but it was bland, unseasoned, tasteless and any other adjectives you can think off. for 24 dollars, i can have gotten coupes amount of popeyes, KFC, or hillcountry fried chickens. the fake chicken nuggets at mcdonald would have been 100 times better. hell, i think the fried chicken served in nyc schools would have been better. I am not sure why all the positive reviews from this establishment. They were obviously drunk, because no sober person in their right mind could like these fried chicken. this was perhaps one of the worst meal i ever had in my life! Season your effing chicken brooklyn bowl. Side note: yelp really needs to have zero stars. hell, if there were a negative stars rating, i would have given brooklyn bowl that rating. thanks, disgruntle, unsatisfied patron.
Food was surprisingly good, but everything is astronomically priced. Dudez, chicken works out to be something like 7$ PER PIECE. Generic Coke from the well was 3$. Dinner will not be less than 25$ per person, and bowling will run you around the same. This is on top of the cover charge of 10$ to even get in the place. That said, the space is great. Hurray disposable income and mindless consumption in the western world!
How can you not like this place?  We walked in just to look at it when it first opened and my architect friend said it was probably the nicest building he'd ever been in.  It has overstuffed studded couches instead of plastic seats!  The disco fries are straight-up heavenly. We've been back and the staff has always been super nice.  Some people I know have said it's just too nice.  So... if you're into crappitude and ghetto fabulousness, this is not the place for you.  Me?  I kind of want to get married there.
I've never ever in my life been double-booked on a bowling lane that I paid for. To arrive for a birthday party to find that our group was booked to share the same lane as another group of 4 was really surprising and we would not have booked there if we had know they would do that. You don't book a seat on an airplane and then tell two passengers they have to switch off sitting in it for the duration of the flight. Made no sense to me. I'm giving two stars because the food and drinks were fast and good, but the bowling experience was very rushed by staff and as soon as we had bowled our last frame staff came and told us to vacate because some other group was ready to use our lane. We hadn't even had the chance to sit and take off our bowling shoes, the pins were still falling! It left a bad taste in my mouth and I would never want to return to spend that kind of money for that experience. Not worth it at all.
Lovin' this place. I like the beers and the Brooklyn feel. I like the music and videos they choose to show. I like the bartenders and watching the bowling. I like the bands they have and the furniture is comfy. The hand dryers are bitchin' and the decor is great. Something for everyone -- eclectic while still managing to all hang together. Bingo Bango -- I say 5 stars.
Never been here, but we took M here for some bowling. I admit I can be competitive, but i haven't bowled since high school and I am a bit rusty. M plays all the time back at home and M was kicking butt. At the beginning I was 2 points away from M, but how did F who sucks ended up beating me? Well at least I beat W! FUN TIMES!!! W got some Pork Rinds - I never had Pork Rinds before and I want to say they were good, but not something I would crave or need...I just preferred this dish over the Calamari. Total Fan of bowling.
This place is Terrible! The service is Rude and Obnoxious, their supposed "Blue Ribbon" kitchen is glorified, over-priced chain food and they might as well remove the word "bowl" from their name. But... if you want to be treated like a jerk by some cooler-than-thou hipster DB - have at it.       A group of us called ahead to see if we could reserve a lane and were told no. When we arrived we were told there would be an hour wait (by a rude host). After a THREE HOUR WAIT and watching two groups of people walk right up to their reserved lanes (maybe they're just that cool, or they paid someone off??), we finally got our chance. They started the timer on our hour of bowling the second we were called - so by the time the first ball was rolled, we were 14 minutes in. Nothing like waiting 3 hours to bowl and then having 1/4 of it stolen away from you. Do yourself a favor and and don't fall for their crap - maybe it's good for a concert, but don't bother for the food, the bowling or the insulting and condescending way they treat customers.
I decided to celebrate my birthday there and got earlier to reserve two lines, after two hours an a half waiting the staff people could not tell me for how long it was going to take, go Prepared to wait for 4 or 5 hours and deal with stupid hipster kids trying to manage professionally a place... Really bad client service!! Will never go back .
Unexpected!  This place has majorly fantastic bands here that play in a relatively small venue.  Check out the lineup here and put on your jeans and head over.  Casual fun and I'm not a bowler...I went for the live music!
This was my first foray into Hipsterburgh. I drove there on Bedford Avenue from one end to the other. Silly me! When my kid got invited to a birthday party at Brooklyn Bowl, I had thought it was a bowling alley! Then I found out that under-21 aren't welcome except during certain weekend hours. As someone's guest and not a paying customer, I can say I enjoyed the leather couches, the dark pretentious decor, the awesome sound system playing alt rock, the amazing Veggie Buster footlong sandwich, the waitress taking our drink orders, etc. It wasn't my $25 per half-hour (each lane). I can only imagine how much this party totalled. Not my problem, LOL! And it probably never will be since I can't imagine opening my own wallet there.
Went to see a band here the other night.  I rarely get to Brooklyn but this was so easy from Manhattan.  We got there early so we could eat and boy was it worth it!!  The fried chicken was AMAZING!!!!  Not greasy, totally delicious.  We also had the mac and cheese and collard greens.  Everything was great.  Add a pitcher of beer to that and it was a perfect meal.  Prices were good, atmosphere was fun.  A great time, will definitely go back for other shows there just to eat that chicken again!!!
Best bowling alley I've ever been to.  There -- I said it.   Modern, clean lanes.  New shoes.  Computer scoring that was accurate.  Delicious food.  (Try the Beach pizza -- named after my friend Johnny Beach!)  Huge leather couches for you to sit on while waiting your turn to throw the rock.   Oh yea... it's also a LIVE MUSIC VENUE!  The band we saw while bowling there rocked!  hard! If heaven is a bowling alley, this is where I want to go when I die.  10 out of 10!
i hate bowling with the burning fire of a thousand suns. but i like the brooklyn bowl as a music venue.
i'm an awful bowler, but i don't mind making an idiot of myself when the food is this good.  of course, there's the obvious problem of having to wipe your hands before and after (and maybe use purel) each turn, but still, this is an enjoyable way to spend a slow sunday or early evening.
I feel like at least once a week I hear a great story about some show at the Wetlands so I was really excited to finally get to a show here (same owner) after the weather had gotten in my way twice (hurricane and snowstorm). I was definitely impressed with the size of the place, it was very busy so I didn't get to explore as much as I would have liked but there is always next time. The decor is really intriguing, from what I could tell. Their beer selection was great, I enjoyed trying some local Brooklyn beers I hadn't had before although I can't remember exactly what they were now that it has been a few days. It definitely gets busy by the bar but its a music venue so that is expected. I thought the beers were fairly priced, but didn't get a chance to try the food or the bowling. Luckily I plan on returning soon, so that will hopefully change. I was also very impressed that you couldn't hear the bowling bowls hitting the lanes during the show.
I am so disappointed by my experience here.  Sure the vibe is cool as hell.  But it comes down to the fact that I had been waiting for a long time to try the fried chicken, heard rave reviews but it's so expensive that I was waiting for the right time- which was the other night.  In fact it turned out to be the wrong time as I woke up the next morning more wrecked from the greasy chicken then any hangover.  So sad.  I love my fried chicken and though I am aware of how little one has to pay for the best of the best, I'm willing to shell out for a plate of goodness.  This $25 plate was one of the most disappointing dining experiences I've had since moving back to NY.
Overall, I really like Brooklyn Bowl.  The food is great (especially the fried chicken and the oyster po boy), they have good Brooklyn beer, I saw Toots and the Maytals there, and who doesn't love bowling?  The only cons are that there are indeed really long lines to bowl, and the bowling was pretty expensive.  That said, both times I've had a good time at the Bowl, and I'll be back.
Do you enjoy bowling?  How about Blue Ribbon food?  Maybe you like to imbibe brew from Brooklyn, like Brooklyn Brewery, Greenpoint or Sixpoint?  Oh, you're a music lover?  Indie rock?  Funk?  Jam bands?  Blues?  Electronic?  DJs? Well, if you answered yes to any or all of the above, you're in luck!  BK Bowl is all that, and a bag of chips.  The space is huge and usually crowded, but it's manageable.  The food is fantastic (get the fried chicken, seriously) and worth the trip, alone.  If you're a bowler, it's fun, but I really should remove one star for the wire-drop pins they use, rather than the traditional stand-alone type.  Smokey, this is not 'Nam. This is bowling. There are rules. The bar is lively and the concert area is situated behind and perpendicular to the bowling lanes.  It's a very unique and genius layout, actually.  The concept of "cash cow" comes to mind, as one could theoretically have dinner, get drunk, bowl and see a concert all within the confines of their space.*  I imagine they are doing quite well, given the consistently crowded environment, great bookings, and sold out shows.  If you're a baller, you can also do private events there and/or bowling parties, if that's your thing. Overall, it's a great spot worth hitting up if you haven't yet. * Does not necessarily have to occur in this order.
This place has nothing I need or want.....bowling is per half hour? wtf is that? $20 - $25 dollars per half hour! $40 -$50 AN HOUR? I don't know about you...but that's pretty ridiculous! Not even bowling alleys in the city have such high prices! SMDH!!! The food is crap....stay away from there supposed "famous chicken"....its famously disgusting, bland and expensive for something that taste like cardboard....I don't mind paying for good food....I mind paying for bad food! And for the trifecta of disappointment...they're highly unorganized as a music venue...First time I went, waited 40 minutes for them  to figure out how to print tickets....second time there was way too many people....no form of crowd control and overall bad planning....Like I said, they have nothing I need or want and will NEVER be going back to this place for ANYTHING!
hi i went to a work aholics comedy central event it was nice the beer was nasty that was free for happy hour the food was overpriced the actors from the show did some dialogue on stage that was funny it was cool the service was great
For those of you who follow my Yelp blog - Please do not laugh. Last night was my first venture into Brooklyn in the 4 months I've lived in Manhattan. It was a f@cking blast. Fact: ?Questlove was DJing - this was absurd. Met him, cool guy - he told me to watch him on Jimmy Fallon, ha. Between the beautiful women, the boozy bowling, and my man tossing the  tunes - believe I was in my element. This was actually one of the top spots I've hit since living here - looks like someone is going back to Brooklyn.
Was in NYC visiting friends and they swore by this bar. They took me there and lo and behold I was not allowed in because I was not 25. What the hell is that about. 1 star for you.
so much fun and so easy to get to (from hoboken, too!), this has become one of my favortie places to see a show. there's so much to do: eat, drink, bowl, dance. the beer is cold and the food is delicious; i highly recommend the pizza! when a show is not sold out, there's plenty of space to boggie.. and when it is sold out, there are plenty of friends to be made. everybody is cool and collected, from bowlers to diners to staff. i thoroughly enjoy my time spent here and will make it a point to treck out to BK for upcoming shows! helpful hint: get there earlier if you plan on eating. the tables fill up rather fast, especially if it's a crowded night.
Awesome venue! Awesome music! Awesome beer! Fun place! Came here for the first time for a friend's birthday. I was running late to see The Coup, but managed to stay for DJ ?uestlove's Bowl Train. Dang, The Coup was pretty awesome live. It was $5 to get in (with a $2.50 service charge if ticket's reserved online). Totally worth it! I really enjoyed my time here! My beer was $6 (nothing new) and coat check was $2 (also, nothing new). The venue wasn't sold out, so I had plenty of space to dance around. I heard great things about the food here, so must order some next time I return! The ladies' room was clean and didn't smell funky. Coat check staff was nice. Bartender was also nice. Bowling here would be extremely fun because the music is bumpin, you can eat & drink at your will, and you can blame your horrible bowling skills on the darkness.
Worst experience bowling ever! To top that, mediocre food for insane prices!!!! I'm sure that the real Blue Ribbon kitchens would be horrified if they tasted what was brought out to us. We came here on a Sunday afternoon hoping to celebrate a birthday. I called a few days before to find out if I needed to make reservations in advance- I was told they did not take reservations, but that Sunday's are mellow enough. So we headed out thinking if we arrived a half hour before we wanted to bowl, we would be cool. After encountering rude service at the front desk (misleading us by telling us we had an hour wait - we waited 3 1/2 hours to bowl!!!!), we had to deal with indifferent wait staff. I might have been willing to forgive all of this if the food we ordered was decent. It was NOT!!!!! Tasteless fried chicken, Greek salad made with iceberg lettuce, hockey-puck over-cooked burger!?!?! Do yourself a favor, skip this place- go to one of the divey bowling alleys in midwood or astoria, and grab a $2 slice of pizza on the way... You will be better off for it.
Good music, decent crowd of non-locals which means people actually dance, at least on Thursday's.   Bowling is always packed,make early reservations. The bartenders are usually very prompt and service is above average.  Never a bathroom line which is a welcome reprieve
The place was CRAZY overcrowded by 7pm on a Saturday. I was with a group of 10 and we waited about 4 hours in the mob for dinner. The drinks were over priced, but that was to be expected.  When we finally were seated, we were starving and basically ordered two of everything on the menu. WORTH THE WAIT. Everything was amazing. The fried chicken was some of the best I have ever had. Never got to bowl, but who cares, I was happy chomping away on a fried chicken breast.
Overpriced hellhole. Currently in a 2 hour wait for a bowling lane when half the lanes are empty. Had to pay $10 for the privilege after waiting in line for 40 minutes. Nickel and dimed and timed out of a good evening out.
I have to say, I really love Brooklyn Bowl.  Great food, excellent selection of beer, and some of the best live music around... plus excellent bowling to boot!  If only it didn't break the bank so very much, it would certainly merit five stars.
Never been but if the rude staff over the phone is what they are working with then ill pass! I tried to reserve a bday party and I got turned off by the incoherent chick on the phone!  I'd rather stay home and bowl on my kids wii u. Im originally from "Williamsburg" when it was too hood to hangout in. NOW all these damn "hipsters" moved in like being rude to customers won't get you punched in the fuckin throat!
I've had french fries from Balthazar (NYC), Pommes Frites (NYC), and Le Relais de l'Entrecote (Paris), and nothing compares to the Rock and Roll fries at Brooklyn Bowl.  Where else can you bowl, listen to live bands, order Brooklyn Brewery beers (which is literally around the corner), and eat hearty southern cooking (fried chicken with honey, mac and cheese, and milkshakes)?  The Rock and Roll fries are tossed in gravy, cajun seasoning, provolone, and cheddar - once you taste them, you'll violate any social rules on double dipping (with your fork) or taking your proportionate share (its best to order your own - trust me).
best place ever. bowling! music. ample space! hot people! craft beer! wood interiors! nice bathrooms! multiple places to drink! I walked around and just drank from a pitcher one night, IT WAS GLORIOUS.
Finally made it here as part of a birthday celebration. Here's the run down: The Good: -The venue is awesome. Dark wood. Cool vibe. Easy to get to from Manhattan with only one stop on the L too. -Bowling is cheap and fun. Who doesn't like to bowl? -The dance floor is huge and the beats are bumpin. (Yep I said that) -The bathrooms. They're just cool and clean. -The food-I didn't eat but my friends raved over the comfort style menu. -The staff is amazingly nice. The Bad: -The wait for a lane is ridiculous. 10 lanes for a bowling alley is small. Open up more. -The bartenders are kind of slow. But, don't give them crap they'll walk right by you. Go bowl for yourself and experience it!
I love Brooklyn Bowl. Love! I have been there for at least a dozen concerts and I've done the bowling thing too. It's always fun. But you definitely don't need to be bowling to have a good time. It's just a side activity at a great concert venue. The space is really cool--the best thing I've seen done with the endless warehouses in Williamsburg. The exposed brick and pipes really fit the vintage-y vibe, and the lighting somehow maintains a bar-like feel without being too dark to bowl a perfect game (not that I'm even capable of breaking 100...). They have great local beers (different varieties of Brooklyn, Kelso, Sixpoint, and Genesee) at pretty average prices. I've never had the food, but it always smells incredible. Too pricey though. The sound system is great, they get a ton of good acts, and they often charge only $5 or $10. No need to deal with Ticketmaster hell. It's perfect! I've only had one bad experience: On a busy night a couple months ago, I tried to close my tab after waiting at the bar for 5-10 minutes. The bartender looked for my card for 10 more minutes before coming over without my card and reprimanding me for closing my tab with her when I had opened it with a bartender at the other end of the bar earlier in the night. "It's not in my pile. I don't get why you didn't go ask the other bartender." What??! You lose my credit card and have the audacity to yell at me? Hell no. So I kindly informed her that she was mistaken. I had opened my tab with her. After 3 rounds of looking, coming back and yelling at me, then looking again, she finally found it...in the same pile she'd been looking in all along. She was really obnoxious and mean (not to mention stupid) and I almost lowered my mental rating of BB to 4 stars. BUT THEN the other bartender (manager, maybe?) apologized profusely and offered to buy a shot for me and my friend because we'd been waiting to go home for 45 minutes. Obviously we agreed. And so his kindness returned BB to its rightful 5 stars. The end. Oh, and before the Gogol Bordello show last week, the band was bowling one lane over from me. Where else would this happen? Awesome.
This is the best "concert" venue I've been to in the boroughs.  The raised bowling area is beautiful.  Great lanes and very comfortable leather couches to chill out.  The concert area is right next to the lanes, so you can literally bowl and watch the show.  Perhaps most importantly...the food is by Blue Ribbon.  There are some conflicting reviews of the Fried Chicken, but, to me, it's the best Fried Chicken that I've ever had.  Perfectly fried and juicy.  I love it with just a little bit of honey.  The winner of the night however was the Fried Oyster Deviled Eggs.  Not something I would typically order, but it may have been the most perfect app I've ever had.  They start with a Deviled Egg, put a Fried Oyster on top and finish it off with Pickled Hot Peppers.  This was my first trip to Brooklyn Bowl and I'll definitely be back.  Just wish the drive from Northern NJ wasn't such a pain in the butt!
I've hesitated to write a review for Brooklyn Bowl until I had gone there a few times because at first I thought "Wow this place is way too good to be true!". Turns out that it isn't. It really is awesome! I've been here multiple times now for various reasons: seeing a band, bowling, and then just for eating/drinking. Brooklyn Bowl is great for all of those things. It's so big that you never feel too cramped (even at sold out concerts), it's great for groups, but also just for going with one person and having a drink and maybe a meal at the Blue Ribbon (my friend says the burgers are awesome, and I love the mac and cheese with black olives and artichokes). And the place just LOOKS awesome! The design is fantastic and it's built green too. I sound like I work for this place, but seriously. I love it.
Went hear for a Lettuce concert.  Great venue, sound quality of the stage has good resonance, plenty of space for you to find a place to stand and watch.  Blue Ribbon fried chicken was great and so where all the appetizers they recommended, but a bit over priced to me.  Didn't have the pleasure of trying the bowling alley.  Its a hang-by-wire type bowling alley with music videos playing in the background and a nice lounge type feel.  Couches looked comfy and seems like a nice place to be if you're not into the traditional bowling alley.
I've attended shows and eaten at Brooklyn Bowl a handful of times over the past couple of years, and while Brooklyn Bowl remains a solid place to see a band--good sightlines, clear sound, easy access to the stage, despite their blinding use of roving stage lights--the dining is no longer as tasty as it used to be. I swear the fried chicken was more flavorful in the past, although the appetizers are even better than I remembered. Yes, you can put cotija cheese on anything and sell it to me for 300% the market price (e.g. corn on the cob, pork rinds). And wasn't the drinks menu more expansive than it is now? Unless I'm harboring false memories of cocktails served in mason jars? Admittedly, that memory could be lifted from any other bar in Williamsburg. Even if the cocktails have been replaced by frozen margaritas (ugh), at least Brooklyn Bowl has the decency to serve a good selection of local beers and wine. I especially recommend a bottle of the the Brooklyn Local 1.
what's there NOT to love about this place? it's legitimately an adult playground housing over 12 (what i seem to believe are glow-in-the-dark) bowling lanes, a FULL bar that features locally-brewed craft beers AND a swanky stage for performances by talented artists (new, old, underground, grammy award winning) on any given night. as if that isn't enough, the food here is also mouthwateringly GOOD. typical bar food, but it's one of the best bar foods you'll ever have. their fried chicken platter (comes with fluffy toast and honey sauce) is to DIE for, their mac & cheese -- fahget about itttt and their ribs, yum yum yum (lol). cap it off with a refreshing locally-brewed BK beer, and you, my friend, are bound to have an amazing time. also want to give my old buddy julian lee who works here a shout out! awesome service every time i come here, and a great worker too!
One of my favorite venues in New York. The combination of bowling and live music is really amazing, but the Blue Ribbon food and locally brewed beer puts it over the top. Saw the Mickey Hart Band here a few weeks ago on a Thursday night. Place was packed, music was fantastic, service was top notch, and I'm still dreaming of the mac & cheese, fried chicken, and bread pudding. Jake D summed the night up perfectly, "bowled, ate mac and cheese, and drank until I couldn't feel feelings 11 feet from the drummer..." If you haven't been here yet, add it to the list as soon as possible.
Tried to plan a party for my friend but they're really not into allowing you to reserve lanes. If you do, they charge you $ 25.00 an hour more than if you walk-in... and require that you order food and booze in advance in the same amount as the lane rental. So $300.00 for 2 lanes for 2 hours and you have to match that amount in food or drinks...but we weren't comfortable ordering in advance for everyone...when I told the management that we would certainly be ordering food and drinks and that it would probably exceed the $300.00 they still wouldn't allow it. I was left with the impression that they just don't prefer that people reserve lanes in advance and don't allow it at all on Friday and Saturday nights.... It's bowling folks not a wedding.... Needless to say we're having the party somewhere else....
So my best friend and I had planned and budgeted to go here on Sunday evening for the half price bowling after 9pm. I can honestly say that the most pleasant experience we had throughout the entire night was with the security. We mentioned half price bowling when we "checked in" and figured there would be a wait, and when we asked for an estimate of how long the response was, "Awhile." Then silence. Uhhhh... Okay? We decided to wait at the bar and have a few drinks. We quickly realized that if we were lucky enough to get the bartender's attention, we had better order everything we needed right then because he was unlikely to come back for a good 45 mins. We were still determined to have a good time, so we were still excited when we got the phone call to bowl. We quickly headed over to our lane to be greeted, and I use that term generously, by one of the most miserable waitresses I've ever encountered. She didn't smile once, made no effort to make sure we were having a good time, and we had to go out of our way to get her attention. Not to mention she overcharged us for bowling and was not happy about giving us the correct price. We just had to laugh at the horrible service because it was our night out and we didn't want it ruined by the select staff members we were unlucky enough to get assigned to us. ON THE UPSIDE... The food was great, the venue is super hip, and we actually came in under budget when the night was over. If our staff had acted like they wanted us there, we might have spent more money... But that was simply not the case. I felt like I was taking crazy pills. I really wanted to love it here! Needless to say, I think I'll be doing most of my bowling at Gutter down the street from now on.
Read this to its happy ending! My date and I were really looking forward to Brooklyn Bowl, but the employee who checked us in was cold, unwelcoming, and rude. We asked him for a ballpark on wait time and he said, "I'm not going to do that for you." With our not knowing if that meant 10 minutes or five hours, we left our number but decided to get drinks elsewhere--in a place with a better vibe. They rang us an hour-and-a-half later but by then we had encountered much warmer folk in a local bar and decided to stay. I sent the company an email detailing our negative experience and Stephen, a manager, immediately responded. He was very concerned and invited us back to Brooklyn Bowl--entirely on the house. We've yet to take him up on his kind offer but the fact that he made it says a lot about the company.
Not Cheap. Lets get that out of the way right now. You dont look at a Blue Ribbon menu and and start tabulating how much it would cost you to do it yourself. The fried chicken is " off the hook straight up and down. " Get a meal or a bucket to share. My favorite drink is the Bourbon Street Shake, which is a vanilla milkshake plus nutella and a generous shot of bourbon. Warms the heart, i tell ya'! The rest of the place is a fun vibe, as you are surrounded by bowling, bars, leather couches, and a full on dancefloor with stage for performances (which they have almost every night of the week. my fav being Questlove on Thursdays for 7bucks). Every bowling lane has leather couches and waitresses bring you drinks and food. Fun!! I am NOT ok with being forced to pay the cover charge for performances when all i want is to eat in the restaurant. There has got to be a way to work this out already. For that alone i must deduct a star.
thumbs up to brooklyn bowl! last night (sunday) - -met at the door by a super cute and friendly bouncer who checked id's and was genuinely nice. and did i mention cute? -went inside and was greeted by a very friendly maitre d' type person who told us about the LEED certified green house, what those things are in the bin by the door (covers for people to put over their bowling shoes when they go outside to smoke), and gave us info on the bars and food and stage -moved over to the cashier where another friendly person asked our shoe size, gave us a lane, and told us they would be over with our shoes. -bowled/ate/drank/danced to blast-from-the-past 80's music for 3 games. yes, it was expensive. the food was good... the greek pizza was yummy and the mac and cheese was good too, if the noodles were a tad overcooked.  service was great. i've read other yelp reviews that there is discounted bowling for happy hour so that might be a good option for next time. all in all i am a f-a-n. we rocked out to great 80's music and had a nice couple across the lane from us
I have been wanting to come here to try their food after hearing that it was tasty I could give a rats ass about bowling ! Well I went with with the in-laws, hubby,and kids for some bowling ,and goodies.So the bowling was fun I liked how they give you a basket for your shoes,it's the little things y'all. The kids enjoyed the game. After tasting several things on the menu like pork sandwiches, pork rinds, corn on the cob , calamari , and the supposed slap your mama good fried chicken my food experience was underwhelming.Ialso tried the Bourbon St Shake with the added shot of bourbon which takes the price from $ 8.50 to $13.50 pricey each way and when I saw it had nutella in it I was sold I'm a fiend for that stuff . So the shake was not good it was grainy and did not taste like a shot of bourbon was added when I asked about that the waitress informed me that many people complain about that umm ok , there was no bourbon in my shake did I mention I was with the in-laws and kids I needed that shot.  I expected to be blown away but I just was not impressed .
Whoa! This place is really cool. Bowling, live concert, food. Awesome meet up spot with friends. My boyfriend told me to meet him here (he was meeting friends) so I came on over not knowing what to expect. We didn't bowl, we just ate (well, they ate) and listened to a live band from New zealand I think. The music was really good and the place was seriously packed! It appears this is a popular spot. My Reasons for giving Brooklyn Book 4 out of 5 stars - A huge down side was that a lot of people around me seemed to be doped up on substances. Like, I saw a guy picking up a girl by offering her cocaine to my left (she agreed), and this hippy lady floated by and started serenading me while violating the rules of personal space - which made me a tad uncomfortable. Also, my friend got sass from a lady who stated that my friend was talking too much for her taste. Apparently she couldn't hear the ridiculously loud music above my friend's voice and moving wasn't an option for her or something. Confrontational-ville! Of course when you have a lot of people and you're at the back of the crowd as we were, you expect to get people passing by but damn! Don't people know how to say excuse me anymore? I swear all night people were walking around with their arms outstretched to push anyone and anything out of their way to stand 2 feet closer to the band that was audible for every crevice in the spot.  Rudeville! Finally, near the end of the show I tried to lean on the steps that separate the concert area from the bowling area - the night was pretty much over and I wasn't trying to access the restricted area, just lean up against the stairs (i was wearing heels) but the security lady gave me serious attitude. It was a good night and a cool space but I think once is enough for me.
I was mayor of this spot...for like, a minute. Then this spot blew up like mad. How could it not? It's like a giant playhouse for the urban adventurer. Live music, giant screens, bowling, blue ribbon food - it's the perfect storm of an unforgettable night. Rock and roll fries, chicken wings, and the mac and cheese is my jam. The pizzas are all great, too, and partner it with a pitcher of Brooklyn Blast? Hot damn, unstoppable. You'll drop some serious scratch at the place; it's not cheap. But if you're just going to catch a show, it's a pretty great deal (sometimes $0) and they tend to book some stellar artists. Beware: Bowling balls can get greasy from all those fries!
No thanks.  Tried twice and the second time was even more lackluster than the first.  The first I went to try and bowl with some folks but left before it was our turn to bowl (an hr wait).  The second I went to Hip Hop Karaoke and am so turned off by treatment by the BB staff that I just do not plan to return again.  I don't care if Jesus is spinning or my mom is performing.  It obviously is not a place for me but that's cool I will gladly take my money elsewhere.
Came here a few thursday's ago with a friend came back this past Thursday with lots of friends! Quickly becoming one of my favorite places to go out in NYC
Brooklyn Bowl is lots of fun if you're with the right group and if it's not too crowded. Bowling is kind of lame but boozy bowling is ten times better. Not to mention the Blue Ribbon fried chicken which is enough of a reason to go there on its own. Also, I've seen some great shows there!
I did not get to bowl here, but I came here with coworkers/friends a few months ago and we had an AWESOME time.  The food here is surprisingly delicious!  And if you like pickles, YOU MUST TRY THEM HERE. I recommend the burgers, pickles, fries, keiche.  Lots of yummy beers on tap of course.  Good fun for big groups!  I want to go back again so we can eat and bowl!
This place is the absolute worst and deserves no stars. It actually owes people stars it is so lame... And to think I actually used to come and enjoy myself here. It now feels like a super over priced suburban Dave and Buster's that is TRYING WAY TOO HARD. I came for dinner and bowling and you're going to force me to pay a cover. Fuck off. And then I go in to have dinner before bowling and the music is so loud and obnoxious it feels like you are basically stabbing me and everyone else there in the face with shitty dance techno - in the early evening - on a Sunday. Everyone is trying to chill and it's like no YOU BETTER FUCKING PARTY RIGHT NOW YEA UHHUH -Party Rape - How more lame can you get. After dinner I peaced out and went to Gutter for some fun bowling with normal noise levels. And on the walk there I vowed to never step foot in Brooklyn Bowl again. Way to go, you've officially crossed over to only serving bridge and tunnel douche bags and middle aged people trying to hard to be cool....... You should probably move to the UES or the Meatpacking District - it would be perfect.... Never, never, never again.
the staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful! our lane broke down just at the end of our game and was stuck for a good 15 minutes, so we had to wait until someone else finished their game so we could switch lanes. in the meantime, they comped us a free hour of bowling and a free pitcher! the food was tasty, the music was solid, just an all around great fun time!
Bowling goes hyper cool urban. Awesome place for a date - bowling, tasty food, drink and love concerts. The service is on point, very attentive friendly staff. Be prepared to spend a decent amount of money if its a date. Its worth it! Totally recommend this place groups of friends or couples. I will be going back for one of the DJ sets.
16 bowling lanes + big concert venue + Blue Ribbon food .... on paper, you might think that something's gotta break in that combination, but somehow these guys (and gals) nailed it.   Most of their bands are of the jam persuasion, but they fill the stage with all genres (reggae, indie, hip hop, dj's).  They've got plasmas and projectors throughout the venue which the musicians can take over if they have a visual aspect to their performance.  That has made for some of the best shows that I've seen there.  The sound system is awesome and the layout is great with seats off to the side if you need them. The sound of bowling balls hitting polished wood is nearly mute in the concert section, yet the bowlers can always hear the band.  Clever.  The Blue Ribbon food is simply a cherry on top.  Disclaimer: I've never had a sit down dinner here, I've only ordered food while bowling.   One frustrating aspect is that the waits for bowling are often impossibly long.  I would not traditionally log waiting as a complaint, since it simply reflects the popularity of the space.  However, in this instance, there are often blacked out lanes on busy nights that seem like they should be up and running.  I've never run a bowling alley so I have no idea how difficult it is to keep lanes active, but given the frequent 4+ hour waits for a lane, it seems like there's sufficient demand to keep everything open. It's not a cheap night out, but you're getting bowling + concert + booze + food, a big night by any measure.
beer, balls and pizza a Chuck E Cheese for grown ups exists for good times
ended up here late on a saturday after an adventure of an evening, at which point it was fulfilling its "music venue" role. i did not even know it was a bowling alley. the music was fun and i experienced what i can only call a "pulp fiction dance contest" vibe. i wonder what it is like earlier in the night...
Another bookmark down and for such a cool spot. A hunny and I got there this past Saturday night after 1AM. There was a line to get in which let me know that this place was gonna be great. It was. Strobe light, disco balls, DJ rockin on the 1's and 2's. Really fun young/young-ish mostly hipster crowd. All the girls were loud, sparkly and dancing terribly offbeat... loved it. Our single shots of Jameson were served up like doubles and the draft beers here are poured in big cups. There was a cute, blonde guy on stage (yes, there's a stage) in dark shades, wearing a plum colored suit, pretending to DJ and perform all the songs that the real DJ turned out. That was fun. I actually thought he was really singing when I first arrived. Hunny and I  turned it all the way up at Brooklyn Bowl. We drank, jumped around and danced hard. (I danced. This hunny doesn't dance, lol.) Great night.  Minus 1 star because the bowling alley and kitchen were already closed by the time we got there. Hey, it was just after 1 and this is NYC...Brooklyn, NYC! We wanna eat ice cream sundaes and fried chicken while bowling, till closing time. We were kinda bummed about the fact that we didn't get to lounge on the tufted, leather couches in the lanes or handle any of those gorgeous, neon colored balls. Guess we'll have to get here earlier next time. There's definitely going to be a next time.
Not that this place needs one more review, but I wanted to weigh in on the fried chicken.  Yes, you can blow a wad very quickly in this place and yes, the bowling is mostly for show, but the bands are awesome and so is the food. Get on the wait list as soon as your walk in...before you even hit the bar...if you want a real table for eating.  Order the fried chicken and then get back to the main hall for the music.
You know it's not that it's bad, it's just another creeping piece of Manhattan in Williamsburg. They do have good beers, a nice menu, a classy space, and a fair amount of bowling lanes. But the music venue essentially creates a cover charge to just get into the place (no I wasn't there for the band and it was 6). The DJ was pretty mediocre. There's not much to do while waiting for a lane other than sit and drink. Am I alone in recalling how bowling was the last resort of poor and bored teenagers? When did it become the $100 night on the town destination?
I would give this place a 5 but three words come to mind for those cold nights I was there.  "BIGGER COAT CHECK!"  They closed the coat check before the show even started because they ran out of room.
I went to Brooklyn Bowl for a friends birthday, but unfortunately, due to massive crowding because of a concert going on their was an antcipated 2 hour minimum wait.... and due to my impatience, I decided to leave. From what I saw, this bowling alley was very large and had a lot going on. I typically only bowl in the now closed Bowlmar Lanes (Union Square) and Frames, BB was an entirely different crowd than the two aforementioned establishments... (more liad back and casusal) it is located in Hipsterville aka Williamsburg. I may ultimately give them a chance, but it is surely not going to be anytime in the near future.
I came here for a birthday party on Saturday night and felt like I basically went to three different places: A restaurant/bar, a bowling lane, and a dance club. The bowling part of the evening receives five stars.  Clean lanes, leather couches, good music, video screens playing music videos and movies, shoes that didn't freak me out.  Loved it. The restaurant/bar part gets two stars.  Everything was a little pricey, but that's to be expected.  The shrimp cocktail was pretty freaking gross, and the fried chicken platter I shared with ten people gave every last one of us indigestion.  And none of us are wilting violets who come up with stomach complaints at the drop of a hat.  Being the good southern girl that I am, I'm pretty sure they didn't heat their deep-fryer hot enough, and that made the chicken super-duper greasy and hard on the old tum. The dance club part was just weird.  Hipsters - y'all are so cute, but for Pete's sake, please stop being too cool to dance.  Nobody's going to think worse of you if you look like you're having a good time.  It's okay.  It's even okay if you have no rhythm, or if your perfectly-coifed, perfectly greased up hair slips out of place a wee bit.  No one will hate on you.  No one will say anything.  And many people won't even notice or remember.  It's okay to have fun.
Granted, the food is excellent.  Can't go wrong with mac and cheese, or fried chicken.   The service and ambience, though, really interfered with my enjoyment of the food.  I was here with a large group, and meanwhile there was a live band, so we were trying to get the attention of a very busy waitress amidst the crowd and noise.  Also if you have a birthday party here and bring a cake the restaurant charges you a $20 cake cutting fee (which I hear is not bad compared to other places). Brooklyn Bowl wants to compete on offering a quality bowling experience, live music, and great food, but the expression "Jack of all trades, master of none" comes to mind. Don't come here hungry; come to bowl or come ready to listen to live music.
I helped my friend host her birthday party there this past friday night. Everything went wonderfully except the bill paying process. I told the waitress (who served us while we bowled) to divide the payment into cash and card. The server ended up over swiping my card and I only charged 30 dollars towards the bill. She swiped for the entire bill, then swiped my card a third time for another thirty dollars. We continued to pay her (being clueless that she made any mistakes) as we intended. I do remember her asking me to consign my name on another receipt and then saying everything was fine. Everything is not fine and now I am on the phone with my bank and on hold with Brooklyn bowl to make sure that only one of these transactions goes through not 460.00 dollars!  Was this server new? Regardless she should have informed me of her mistakes and printed a void receipt for each void. So I guess my advice is go to Brooklyn bowl, have a blast! However, do not trust to use your card, professionalism is lacking.
Came here with my date for his birthday and the manager "Jessie" was extremely rude and tried to sit us at the far end of the bar in almost pitch black dark when there was plenty of other seating was available! When I asked could we sit at another table, he said he couldn't because the other tables were reserved for parties of 3 or more. The issue was there was a party of two sitting at the long table he'd just denied us? He just shrugged his shoulders when I pointed that out. To be the manager he was inconsiderate and crass. I guess because it's a bar he feels he can act that way but it's totally unacceptable and I won't be back.
Everyone must go at least once. Such an awesome venue. Bowling while listening to live music? Eating food that's just incredible (Blue Ribbon is amazing) while listening to live music? Yeah, I'll do that frequently. That's a lovely night. Everything is well thought out, from the decor, to the stage, to the black leather couches you can sit on while waiting to just straight crush pins. Beer selection is all Brooklyn-born and costs $6 a pint. They're so brilliant that they had this idea for a venue first. Just brilliant. Get yourself there, experience any of the four things BK Bowl does well (bowling, good bar, restaurant, live music), and you'll be content for days, probably still thinking about that food.
I decided to throw a party here after I saw a feature on Food Channel on Brooklyn Bowl.  Glad I went there and can give my two cents but will not go back. I contacted them before I sent out my invitations to see if I can secure a reservation.  Alas, no reservations on the weekends.  That was fine with me so I asked them what the wait was like for a couple lanes on a Saturday night.  Their answer, it's slower between 5 to 7 so they recommend I come at 6:30 to wait for a couple lanes at 7.  Okay, no problem... I sent out the invitations.  Then the surprises kept on coming. Surprise #1: A couple days before the party, I contacted them again to check that indeed 6:30 was a good time to come and wait and said I would probably need 3 lanes.  Their response, the wait time depends on MANY factors (list factors) and that I should anticipate a wait of several hours.  They suggest I get there at 5.  I asked if I can call around 4:30 to ask how the waitlist was like.  He said sure!   Surprise #2:  I call them at 4:30 on the day.  Some lady (who was rude) just said "I can't tell you that information".  That's fine, I get it, you guys don't have a crystal ball but why would you tell me to call if you guys can't tell me anything? Surprise #3:  I got there at 5 PM and put my name down. At least the lady I spoke to there was nice (some people at the front desk looked miserable).  But I couldn't book 3 lanes, it had to be either 2 lanes or 4 lanes.  Surprise!  The manager (who was too important to come talk to me himself even though he was standing right next to me) told the lady that it was a strict rule.  I had a friend who only booked 1 lane there before (and had to share the table with the party in the other lane) so I am not sure what type of policy this is if they only implement it sometimes.  Fine, I settled for 2 lanes and chilled out in the neighborhood for a couple hours and came back at 7 PM. Surprise #4:  Me and my friends each had to pay a cover of $10 even though we were not here for the band.   I think cover started at 6:00 PM (the first band was at 9:00 PM).  Annoying.   Surprise #5:  After checking in a few times and being told "almost", "hang tight", "you guys are next"... we finally got 2 lanes at 8:45 PM.  A wait of almost 4 hours for 2 lanes.  Is it worth it?  Think not. All this for a grand total bill of around $560 (with food and limited drinks, NOT counting the $180 we had to pay for cover).  We were too exhausted to even go through the bill in detail.   1 star for the food (the fried chicken was good).   I would give 1/2 star to the handful of folks there who were nice amid the chaos. I wouldn't be surprised if the novelty of this place rubs off and people stop going there.  Not worth your time.  There's a friendlier bowling alley down the street.
Bowling, booze, delicious food, and fun music...what's not to love? Lanes near the stage are a lot of fun and the service is usually great. The wait can get a little long (30+ minutes) depending on the time of night, but it's worth it.
Review from a 6'3" guy: Dude, Brooklyn Bowl rocks for concerts.  You have to fight your way through a bunch of short people who got there before you, but the views of the stage are great once you shoulder your way to the front.  And I can stand there in my hipster fedora adding even more inches of height to block the view of people behind me. I mean, sure, I have to put up with a bunch of sighing and whining from midgets behind me as I hold my giant phablet above my head to capture a grainy and distorted video for my hipster music Instagram, but hey, it's a free world--I bought my ticket, so who cares if I stand there holding my device seven feet in the air blocking the view of dozens of people? If those little people want to see the concert, they can just subscribe to my Instagram feed, right? My (5'7") review : If your idea of a good concert experience is staring at the back of tall dudes in fedoras holding cameras and tablets above their head, then this is the perfect place for you.  The Brooklyn Bowl provides no seating, has no tables or ledges to rest drinks on, and provides no elevated area to provide better lines of sight (unless you count the slim bar area at the back, 100 feet from the stage.)  Brooklyn Bowl is hip and fun, but if I can't actually see the artists I paid to see, then I may as well stay home and listen to them on Spotify.  Great spot for tall people, terrible concert venue for anyone shorter.
I have been reading yelp reviews for 2 years and never joined ... just never felt the need. Until Brooklyn Bowl. I plan events for my company, probably 100 large outings so far and NO ONE HAS EVER TREATED US THIS WELL. Aaron the manager was amazing, the chef was great our server Amanda was wonderful. There were about 50 of us, we took up 6 lanes. We made last minute changes, they accomidated us, some people in my group were basically out -of-control retards, they showed amazing patience. They made a minor mistake, they comped us some food.  Most of the staff was upbeat and responsive (there was only one slightly surely woman behind the shoe counter) THANK YOU BROOKLYN BOWL pro's -- the staff             the food (esp. the ribs and deviled eggs)              Frozen margaritas con's -- it isn't cheap, but it's worth it
My review is specifically about the food + service at the BB. After my friend was mistakenly served a dish he didn't order (but didn't mind), the staff at the restaurant here went above and beyond to make up for this very minor issue. They served us up a free round of drinks, an amazing Bourbon + Nutella milkshake, and a divine dessert. Talk about making up for an error! The food was great, too! We shared a 1/2 fried chicken and it was super tasty. Thanks Blue Ribbon!
I absolutely love this place!!!!  I wish I could give this more stars that's how awesome this place is.  As a designer, the first thing I always notice in a space is the interior design and interior architecture of a business.  Having said that, this place is absolutely amazing!!  Don't let the exterior of this place fool you!!  Not only is it a LEED-Certified building, it is aesthetically pleasing as well.  I love how this place is the anti-neon lights, anti-top 40 pop crap (think Lucky Strike) bowling place.  The gorgeous chesterfield leather sofas just make you feel like you are in heaven when you sit on them.  The music, well, it is perfect!!!  They play everything from Indie, Old school hip hop, disco, new wave, etc.  They have plasma TVs at the end of every lane as well!  Any bowling place that is showing Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, and play Joy Division music is my type of place!!  There is a restaurant and bar area to hang out if bowling isn't on your mind as well.  Behind the lanes is a stage and a dance floor where they have live bands doing their thing.  The bathrooms are the nicest bathrooms I have seen in NY hands down for a place that you would think otherwise. Now, for the food...can I say mouth watering?!!  I had the mac and cheese with smoked chicken and peas and the sundae.  The drinks are great, the staff was very nice as well!  It can be pricey, but you know you will absolutely have an amazing and fun night!!!  Most bowling places only allow 6 people per lane, while here they allow up to 8.   And there is a 2 hr max for each lane, but like I mentioned, you will have a blast!  I have been here a few times already and not once did I not have a great time!
If you want to dress to impress and not impress at the same time this is the place. The cover for a Thursday night was $8. The best of the best hipsters can congregate on the dance floor or also bowl for $25 a half hour Th-Sun or $20 from Mon-Wed. I haven't tried the food but the fries smelt good as other people bought it. I like how they play old VHS bootleg recorded Soul Train episodes on the big screens. I like how random DJ's like QuestLove or Talib Kweli are guests on occasion. I like how bands get to play on the stage on the other side of the DJ booth. I like the crazy atmosphere I would come to expect from a Brooklyn party. I came here to bowl which was like an hour wait but luckily you have other stuff to do like eat, drink, or dance. They call you on your cell when they are ready for you. Service was great giving us water when we needed it. You really can't have a bad time here no matter what your doing. I would definitely come back here again.
Bowling is a lot of fun.  The lanes are energy efficient so the pins are attached to cords.  It looks cool and makes the bowling more fun. The lanes have comfortable couches, waiter service and TVs. The food is DELICIOUS.  Best fried chicken in town.   They have great shows and the crowd is always mixed.   The waiters are all good looking.
"three different types of event spaces, one great flavor" came here last week to see Clutch (finally headlining!) and Corrosion of Conformity with my cousins. had a freaking blast. big general admission standing area. it was packed, but you could still move around. good to see that they weren't going to break fire code or any of that crap just to get a bit more money. tickets to shows here are fairly cheap. the Clutch show was on the higher end of the pricing spectrum - $25. on their site, their calendar lists many shows that are free or pretty cheap. like the metal Bee Gees cover band...yeah. sound quality was excellent. as an A/V tech guy who's run sound and lighting for concerts in the past, I am nitpicky about these things. beers are $5; pitchers of Brooklyn Brewery are $15. yes, there are bowling lanes; no, we didn't play. there's also a more general seating area where you can sit down to order food and drink. I can tolerate the hipster doofuses with their Pringles mustaches in places like this. hopefully I get to catch more shows here.
if you get the chance, go. best bowling alley i've ever been too. kinda expensive but you have a great time and the food is awesome. plus, the stage has live music in the background.
Nice place. 1) Most expensive bowling place ever. Expect to spend 40-80 bucks per person. 2) The fried chicken is probably one of the best in NYC. However, it is expensive. 12 chicken legs were est. 35+ bucks. 3) The ambiance is nice. The service is wonderful. 4) Live bands, nice music. Will go back, if I want to splurge.
I don't get how people were able to bowl while Infected Mushroom was on because I was going bananas on the dance floor. Nice things to note: 1) Bathrooms were spacious and not smelly 2) There were a bunch of really good beers 3) They gave free water in a very effective way: 3 pitchers of self-serve water and cups 4) The stage lights that pulse are painful to look at, either don't look at the stage or wear sunglasses.
While Brooklyn Bowl is a bit pricey and a haven for cool kids, it is so totally cool, non-pretentious and fun, it gets 5 stars.  Why did it take this long to combine recreational "sports" and nightlife?  The food is ridiculously delicious; in particular, the Mac and Cheese may be made of crack, it's so outrageously creamytastic-alicious.  You are better off not ever trying it, because once you do, it's deliciousness will haunt you.   Bowling, snacking & drinking to kitschy/artsy/funky  music and videos is FUN!  Staff are friendly, attentive and non-pretentious.   The only thing it needs is Skee Ball and Ping Pong.  A great night out for all humans.  In all honesty, I was accompanying a VIP during my visits, so we had no waits, extraordinary service and were pampered like Jay Z.  However, it was a top-notch 5 star experience.  The future of nightlife!  And the fried chicken is incredible.
downgrade for the B&T crowd and crowdedness from last visit... this place is good during the week, but i'll be avoiding on the weekend. one positive: we put our name and a cell no. down for a lane, and they told us a three hour wait. which i assumed basically means forget about it. but sure enough, true to their word three hours later they did actually call us (twice) to see if we wanted the lane. by which time we were long gone, but still....
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! It's a trifecta of booze, bowling, and live music. WOAH. When we were there, the bands playing were pretty hipstery and unknown (still enjoyed it), but I think this place regularly gets some pretty big headliners. The beer was delicious. It parks right next to the Brooklyn Brewery (not sure if there's a connection there), so of course we had to get the Brooklyn IPA pitcher. There's a dance floor too!!!! Want to take a break from bowling? Cool. You can go show off that robot move you've been practicing on the dance floor. What I didn't like about it: 1. Get ready to spend a pretty penny. 20 bones for half an hour of play time. That's barely enough time for two peeps to play 1 game. We also spent $30+ on a pitcher. It was a really damn good pitcher of liquid gold though. 2. It smelled like yeast because of the brewery next door. 3. I got my ass kicked big time. Lost all my bragging privileges. Definitely wish there were more places like this.
Went hear for a birthday outing and had a great time.  the venue is massive.  there was a concert going on (I guess you can call it a concert).  taking off one star for this because it wasn't really a performance, more like something going on stage in the background.  the crowd was pretty mixed and interesting, but definitely Brooklyn.  we ate at Blue Ribbon, do not leave without having the fried chicken! SO good.  This was a quick stop to eat before heading to Output, but i'd like to come again to really enjoy the night.
This is another gem in Brooklyn.  There is nothing like it.  The food is really good and even though the food is supposed to be on point with Blue Ribbon it's almost there but not quite yet.  Let's not forget people it's a bowling alley that wants to be a restaurant and a club.  Just go enjoy yourselves and don't expect too much.  Prices are great and the staff is really friendly.  When Quest Love DJ's it's really a cool vibe so it's worth adding this to your list of things to do in Brooklyn.  You won't be disappointed.
great place, will definetely come again, long wait during weekend...
I'm such a dork for this place. If I could bowl, drink, listen to awsome live music and eat rock n roll fries everyday I would be a very happy chick. The service isn't spectacular but I can let it slide considering the kind of place it is. I have not had a bite of food here that was not amazing. the oyster po boy... lord. Thats all the word i have for that. I'm a wing fanatic and they are just too good to pass up here... crispy, not drowning in sauce and so juicy! They also have a TON of vegetarian options which is nice since my boyfriend is an on again off again vegetarian and finding a good place for both of us can be tricky.
This is an all-around good experience.  Bowling is universally fun and when you add to that drinking and good food, it is fairly unstoppable.  I came here with a friend at about 6 pm to beat any rush as there are not a ton of lanes to work with and we were on right away.  They take your shoe order and then deliver your shoes and take your real shoes, only to deliver them again at the end.  Service is excellent here in all aspects, from the drinks to the food to the bowling.  I saw them get right on at least three lane mishaps while we were there. Pitchers of beer are a good idea and the Blue Ribbon menu has some nice options.  I feel a bit strange reviewing the food at a bowling alley, but this is much more than a bowling alley of course.  I am going to say no to the french bread pizza.  It was hard to cut, too hot and the cheese slid right off leaving you with tomato sauce bread which is not exactly a good thing when you have to put your fingers in and out of ball between bites.  The pretzel platter was decent with bologna and cheese and mustard, but they were hard pretzels.  I was expecting and hoping for small, soft pretzels, but these were not.  Did I say the beer was real good? They totally let us eat and drink and bowl without looking like they were trying to turn the lane over which was nice.  If you are going to have food and beer while bowling you really don't want someone checking if you are done every ten minutes.  I am not sure how it will be when people are waiting though.  If it is anything like Gutter in that respect those that are bowling will not care so just wait it out and drink. Regarding the bowling, the lanes are nice and the computerized system is easy, even for the unprepared or electronically malfunctioned.  The one thing to note if you bowl a lot is that the pins are on strings instead of a machine lifting them up at the end.  This makes the pins react a little differently, but it all works out in the end.  It is actually kind of cool to watch, they look like little puppets - maybe that was the drinking. And to top it all off, I somehow bowled a 202 while drinking and eating and they offered a free beer for breaking 200.  I thought that was kind of classy.
I'm not what you would call a "fan" of bowling. It's juuuust enough of a sport for me to absolutely suck at it; I once bowled a 44, and sadly, I was indeed older than like 10 when I did that. (Damn them for not letting me use the bumpers and little ramp.) I also tend to avoid Williamsburg like the plague, mostly because it is in fact exactly as appealing as an actual plague. But then my brother decided to have his birthday celebration here, and I'm glad I went along. Not so much for the bowling, which was okay enough, even though I raised a massive bump on my knee through my uh, very special bowling style (best described as "falling and missing"). No, the real reason I'm glad I went is pretty much the only reason I'm ever glad I went anywhere: fried chicken. And hey, I was only reminded I was in Williamsburg by every third person or so's facial hair, so the place in general ain't bad neither. Though I of course could've done without the night's awful bands and super awful DJ, and the $5 cover associated with them... But yeah, given the Blue Ribbon food here I was already anticipating some pretty good stuff, but never did I expect what may have been the best fried chicken of my life. Besides the perfectly peppered skin, they managed to avoid my main problem with fried chicken, which is that sometimes, if you're eating a big piece, large hunks of the actual meat can start feeling kind of bland and dry due to not having enough skin to flavor it. But this chicken solves this simply by being incredibly, almost unbelievably juicy. I felt something running down my hands and forearms when eating it, and just assumed it was grease and oil, but no: it was all juice from the chicken meat. As such I'm convinced that each piece of fried chicken here is cooked in the juices of an entire other chicken before frying, and then actually fried in the juices of yet another chicken. If this theory is correct it may not be the most cost-effective or humane way to do it, but frankly I don't care if they shoot a child every time they make this chicken because I'm sorry but it is worth it. The rest of the food was really good as well--the mac and cheese was a close second, and the greek salad pizza was super delicious--but man, that fried chicken. I know there are other places I could get that exact same chicken, and without having to wade through mustaches and hats to get there. But if someone drags you to Brooklyn Bowl when you don't even really like bowling, well, just know that there is a very good reason to come here regardless.
make sure you know what kind of line up they have before coming here because if it's not your cup of tea, you'd probably end up hating this place.  otherwise, it's one of my favorite concert venues with a lot of room for moshing and dancing. they have great food and the kitchen is pretty much open as late as the bar. plan your time accordingly if you're attending an event. the bouncers aren't in the least bit shy when it comes to power trips.
I had a really expensive but super fun Friday evening here last week. First off, we were hit with a $15 per person cover, plus bowling, food & drinks... my wallet was not happy. However, I can't remember the last time I had such a fun night out in NYC. Typical places I frequent are so crowded that you can't find a seat or even breathe, but I like that Brooklyn Bowl has found a great balance of great entertainment, service and most importantly comfort. Bowling was $25 per half hour plus shoe rentals, and surprisingly there was no wait for a lane all night. Once you get to your lane, there's a waitress already there waiting for you to take your shoes & food/drink order. Food will run you about $10+ a plate, but we were really satisfied with our fish tacos and rock & roll fries. After bowling, we grabbed a few drinks, found some benches to sit on the dance floor, and waited for the live show to start. Even though I had no idea who was playing that night, once the music started the dance floor was PACKED and everybody was dancing & having a great time. I would definitely come back here every once in a while because our experience was top-notch. Just be ready to foot a hefty bill!
This place is AWESOME.  Swanky bowling alley slash intimate music venue slash bar slash lounge slash restaurant.  Disco Biscuits show here was so much fun even if I didn't get to bowl.   Hypothetically, you could bowl while raging a concert while watching baseball on a flatscreen while drinking $5 pints of beer while eating really good food (it looked good anyway).  I don't know about you, but to me that sounds better than Disney World.
This place has been on my radar since I first heard it was happening over a year ago. I have fond memories of coming to the city as a teen to see shows at Pete Shapiro's Wetlands. There was something very special about that place. It wasn't just another venue for music, it had a welcoming vibe that set it apart from the countless other spots around town. Shapiro has ensured that Brooklyn Bowl now carries that torch. I enjoy bowling, love the Blue Ribbon mentality, and downright get off on live music. How could I not like this place?! I came with two lovely ladies taboot. While I grabbed a pitcher of beer at the very busy bar, the gals got the shoes and within minutes we were lounging on the ultra comfy leather sofas. A band hit the stage and we had perfect sight-lines from the elevated lanes. We ordered a few appetizers, hummus/pita/olives, and I'm not sure what it was called on the menu but I know it as "poutine" or fries drowned to death in gravy and cheese. Amazeballs. I had the roast pork sandwich with poblanos, sweet onions and queso fresco. As awesome as all those ingredients sound together, it was the fresh bread that really tied it all together. This is the kind of place that gets that. I sampled my friends food, the potato and onion knish, the veggie French bread pizza, and the decadent mac 'n cheese. All were stellar. I'm looking forward to returning to get deeper in the menu. I was throwin rocks the first game and bowled 154. Probably my best game ever, and I haven't bowled in 3 years. It was all downhill after that, but I blame it on the increase of alcohol, food, and great music. We saw the band Cymbals Eat Guitars who are about to go on tour opening for The Flaming Lips, and they didn't disappoint. The sound is less then perfect from an audiophile POV, but I think they factor in that the majority of the people there aren't just there for the music but to bowl, eat, and hang. I wandered down to the floor for a bit and it was more clear in front of the stage. I have a few complaints, but none of them are deal breakers by any means. 1 - The bathrooms are far from the action and up a flight of stairs. 2 - There were only two bartenders at the huge bar near the live music. If you are in "GA" and don't have waitress service, that could kind of suck 3 - It would be cool if they had a thing of Purell or wetnaps on the table. It's kinda gross to touch food, then the bowling bowls, and vice versa. All that being said, I still give this place 5 stars. I had so much fun and am already planning a return visit. I mean Hey Zeus Christo, fuckin Toots and The Maytals are playing here soon. I'll be there.
A five star place if there ever was one!  From the classy leather-tufted couches, to the Blue Ribbon catering (fried chicken, southern cooking heaven!), to the huge space that allows for socializing without annoying overcrowdedness, this joint is a NY jewel, even if it is in Brooklyn, j/k.
This place is hands down the premiere bowling entertainment establishment of NYC! I redeemed a GILT City voucher for a two-hour bowl/drink/food package for group of six and from the moment we arrived everyone from the door, checkin, lane assistance, etc. was extra friendly, unobtrusive and attentive. Food platters, especially the fried chicken, were on point! I am planning on returning just to treat my staff from work.
Am I in heaven? No, because I'm back in Florida and not at Brooklyn Bowl anymore... This multi-purpose space kicks major a$$! An enormous space converted into a bowling alley and concert venue with a full kitchen and a huge dance floor that can serve as anything they want. We visited BB to see Crystal Stilts play a local show a few weeks ago, and it was a glorious experience. Before the band played, local vendors were selling their crafts and provisions in the entryway. The dancefloor was covered in tables filled with crates of records. Vinyl swap shop! I noticed that the lanes are flanked by black leather couches for your comfort, as trays of delicious looking food came out from the kitchen. Pitchers of frozen margaritas and strawberry daiquiris being served to the anxious bowlers. It was majestic in nature! The servers were very friendly, and welcoming. We got kicked out of the leather couches in the nicest way possible. (A group was coming in bowl and we were in their reserved spot.) This place is one cool hangout. Based on other reviews, I must return with an empty stomach to try the food.
If you are a female who wants to wear a miniskirt and scream in a high pitched voice with your arms over your head, this place is for you.   If you are a male with a thick neck and a desire to bellow "JAGER!", this place is for you.   If you are anyone else, peek your head in to see the style of Nü Williamsburg, and then beat it to Zablonski's.
Fun times to be had here. Live Music, Bowling and Good Beer.  Brooklyn Beer, naturally.  Like Hipsters? Meet your next significant other here. Ride home on a bicycle together. Haven't tried the food yet, I return for the entertainment that is Brooklyn Bowl.
Really great social meeting place.  We don't actually bowl very well but always have a terrific time. The entertainment is first class. We make a night of it with bowling, dinner and a show then hang out with friends.
Hold on - you expect me to believe that the sorry, soggy, flavorless excuse for fried chicken was the best thing someone ever ate? What had they been eating prior to that meal? Airplane food? Prison food? Middle School cafeteria food? We actually only ate there based on the reviews of the food. A pork sandwich was so fatty and greasy it was literally inedible and had to be sent back. Who thought it was a good idea to put mayo on a pork shoulder sandwich? Maybe the bowling is okay but the food is overrated at best. Insulting at worst.
I've now been back to Brooklyn bowl and actually bowled. it was fun. sad that our lane kept picking on me and acting like I'd bowled twice when I'd only gone once, severely hampering my ability to actually hit any pins. not the best bowler. food they brought was delicious too. I think bbowl's biggest challenge is the layout. if you need to go to the restroom during your game, chances are your friends will bowl for you while you're trying to fight your way to and from the restroom. the smalerl corridor / bar area is packed with people trying to go in opposite directions and with people just trying to socialize. I like bbowl, I just wish they weren't so damn popular. ;)
The concept of this place is genius. The prices are a bit high and depending on who is playing you will want to get tickets in advanced. I had a blast.
A fun venue with a good selection of beers that aren't priced obnoxiously high, stellar service, and a wide variety of acts to choose from on any given night. You can check out acts big and small without having to worry about getting a good view or being packed in too tight. From indie bands on the up-and-up to established acts like Lauryn Hill, Brooklyn Bowl has something for everyone on their calendar. The space is big, well maintained, and comfortable, which makes taking in a show a pleasurable experience whether you're right in the middle of the crowd, or hanging out towards the bar in the back. The service at the bar is consistent and quick, so ordering and getting your drinks isn't a long, drawn out process. There are plenty of screens if you just want to take it easy and can't get a clear view of the stage, and the sound system is superb so you're not missing out even if you're making your way to the bar or the restroom. As far as venues go, Brooklyn Bowl is definitely a winner.
Nice establishment. I learned here that I absolutely HATE absolut mango, yuck... Anywho, there was this vegetable sandwich that I had here. OMG. Best damn veggie sandwich ever & huge too. It wasn't a veggie patty but a bunch of exotic veggies w/ cheese (at least for a sandwich, i.e. artichoke and bell peppers). AMAZING!!!!! The bowling alley is nice as well, but didn't bowl with the group I was with. Went for some concert that was there. It was horrible (btw, it was NOT ?uestlove 'cause he's great). All of us thought so. But the vicinity itself is nice. I'd definitely visit again.
This place is pretty awesome but make sure you call before you go cuz the wait can be a few hours :O
One of the best venues in NYC!   No kidding.   Great setup.   Beautiful room, killer food from blue ribbon!   They did everything right.   Staff is friendly and helpful, and the people at the door don't have a velvet rope/bouncer attitude.   The Toots and the Maytals show was spectacular.   I look forward to many more shows at Brooklyn Bowl.
Live music, booze, food, and bowling.  Thus far, I've only gotten to enjoy the booze & food, so there is much to look forward to when I come back.  The adobo corn queso whatever was unreal.  Huge selection of beers.  The Fried Chicken is soul comforting. Amazing, epic fried chicken.  Friendly staff.  The bowling looked pricey but would still be cool because of the cool, hip vibes that were contained within Brooklyn Bowl.  This place is just damn cool.
Pros: Awesome space. Fun crowd. They book wonderfully talented bands and it's a big party. I had a great time with wonderful people. They loved their food and they were happy. That makes me happy! That hummus is delicious. Cons: While vegetarian-friendly, it's not too vegan friendly. It's SUPER loud and I've mentioned in a few reviews I'm 20-something going on 60 and don't care for noise. It's not valid enough to knock a star so I won't. But be aware that it gets very loud. Yes, it's expensive.. but bowling always is. It's the rules that get annoying, and paying a cover on a Tuesday was a real turn-off. Oh, you wanna eat? Sit here. Can't order that here, gotta go there. Shoes? Put it in that basket here. Lanes? Can't reserve it. I dunno when it'll be free but it could be 10 minutes or 2 hours. I'll call you! HUH? I was SOBER and all the rigamarole was star-shattering. It's like Disney World for hipsters, with all the perks and frustrations thrown into a pretty warehouse.
I had a great time here, went here for a friends birthday celebration. I like the many different areas of this place. It has a wide open area with a big stage for concerts or performances, has a bowling area, has a restaurant area & has a bar. Food was decent.. Bowling prices weren't as bad I expected, it was reasonable. The drinks were solid and reasonably priced. If you're looking for a good time with many different options I'd recommend this spot. It can get crowded but...... I like this area mainly because I like diversity and that's one thing you'll get when coming to Brooklyn Bowl.
It was like i walked into bowling heaven. There are  no words to describe how awesome this place is and surprisingly great food too...
Awesome bowling place right near the Brooklyn Brewery. Definitely a must if you're in the area and want to have a great time. Can't wait to come back. The place was so alive the whole time we were there. There was a live band playing while we were bowling. The service was pretty good, too. They kept an eye on us to make sure we don't run out of beers, and also gave us a heads up as we were approaching our 2-hour mark (which flew by like nothing, by the way). The pricing is a bit weird though. First you pay $20 each to get in. Then you pay another $100 for a bowling lane for two hours. I guess it would be more worth it if you come here with a bigger group (it was just me and my brother...his first time in Williamsburg and his first bowling experience).
Full disclosure, I didn't bowl. I did however go for a show and I fell in love with this venue. The decor and atmosphere are awesome. We got there early and had time to eat and the food was outstanding. The service was good and pretty quick but the little restaurant area gets pretty packed so get there early if you want to eat. It's a fairly small venue so you can get really close to the stage. Food and drinks are priced comparably to other venues in the area and they had a five dollar brooklyn brewery special. I really loved this place and I hope to go back again. There was also plenty of free on street parking!!
One of my favorite venues. Perfect size, not too big not to small. Perfect combination of big bands and up and coming. And who doesn't love bowling? Don't get wasted and do stupid shit...security here is serious.
best place ever! great shows great food and great drinks...buuuuut bowling is a little pricey. its everything you would want all in one place. i have seen talib kweli dj and perform, zion I (from sf), questlove djing, and some small unkown indie groups. they dont always have well known artists and sometimes the crowd is small (like on mondays) but its fun and if youre lucky the performers hang out with the crowd after their sets.
The bowling is so overpriced I could even believe it. When the bill came everyone in my party was flabbergasted. It really put a damper on the night. The decor is trying way to hard. The service is mediocre. The crowd was super basic. They did play good music, but that hardly makes up for the panic attack inducing price for bowling. Don't bother.
Awesome spot! I saw The Wailers here and an after party with DJ Biz Markie who did his thing indeed.  The sound system is on point. They have the stage area  and bowling set up side by side so that you can see the show even if you're bowling. Atomesphere:   Cool vibe Drinks:  Strong w/decent prices People:  Diverse and friendly Location:  Not far from the train and not deep into Brooklyn which makes it                   accessible if coming from any borough Food:  Blue Ribbon chicken which sadly I didnt get to try.  A must on the next visit. Overall all i loved the spot and see myself coming back again and again.
So, what is this place? I said to a friend. Are we at a RAVE? I say my voice rising 3 octaves. And Is this Manhattan? I added, my eyes getting bigger and bigger. I came expecting the soft sounds of pins dropping and balls falling into gutters and kids in tshirts and jeans drinking brew with bbq chicken wings in hand. So, yeah, far from. The booths are leather, kids. LEATHER.  The bowling alley is  set apart from the enormous, ENORMOUS dance floor with the requisite disco ball that scatters pixelated lights onto the wooden floor. I was floored. Literally. I live about 2 blocks away from this monstrosity (a good monster, please don't misunderstand) and I can only chalk up this shiny huge dancehall bar and bowling alley to the gentrification that Williamsburg is experiencing. I'm not that anti as I used to be and all you haters can go stuff it. Sure, condos are ugly but the whole industrial is so cool and authentic and hip is a pose too. Ok, well back to the place. I've heard the food is very, very good. I haven't tried it. I came here during CMJ week for a DFA night, and well, it impressed me enough to write this. They have great shows but don't advertise all that much, so you have to visit the site once in a while to see who is playing. Dinosaur Jr. played 2 nights ago. Yeah, they book big name acts. Go, yo! Pretend you're on the West side !! (of manhattan) when really, you're just on Wythe street. Yes, just Wythe.
Came here a few times, once for my own birthday.  The atmosphere is great.  Many nights you get live bands and performances.  From what I hear, the drink selection is great.  Also, the food is very good and has a large variety to meet any taste.  I only went bowling once, as getting a lane is difficult due to the long waits.  But it was definitely a good break from the typical nights out I'm used to.  If you have the time to wait for a bowling lane, this place could make for a great saturday night.
I never thought I'd say I'd go to a music event in Williamsburg, but I have now. Believe me, it was torturous being in a room full of hipsters in their fedora hats, maroon, skin-tight pants, plaid button-ups, freshly-shined leather oxfords, and aged beards, sipping on Brooklyn Blast. Brooklyn Bowl isn't your ordinary bowling alley. I mean..come on, did you really expect simple in this neighborhood? It is 2 stories high, big and spacious--like one big warehouse party, honestly. I came last Saturday and I felt like I was in an oldies music venue in the 50's, and dancing had never been more difficult in my life; was I supposed to swing my arms? Spin around? Besides trying to fit in and drinking my $50 glass of Pilsner (which I didn't even get to finish before they took my drink away), my two friends and I played a game of bowling at the least amount of time available on the least amount: 30 minutes for $25. Needless to say,that 30 minutes was serious as we did not fool around and made the most out of our game because that game came with a hefty price tag. We rented shoes, and the staff really took care of us and were hospitable. The unavailability of bumpers was probably the most frustrating part. If you're into that "modern wood" style, you will like the design of the bowling alley. Otherwise, don't expect Bowlmor-like, glow-in-the-dark, funky vibes.
This place was coooooo shit. I went here the other night to see ?uestlove DJ. Got there early with a friend, we had some food, she had brisket (which was delish) I had a side of fries (equally delish, but I had already eaten) We had a few beers, the place is attached to Brooklyn Brewery, so they are fully stocked with their beers, as well as Brooklyn favs. Six Point and Kelso. They have something like 15 lanes for bowling, which I didnt partake in but may in the future. As for the concert venue it was great. The place has a large barn like feel, sound system sounded good and there was plenty of room to move around and dance. When you get tired there are comfy couches and tables strewn about everywhere to kick back on. Definitely a great time all around.
I went there last night around 7 with a friend and, for being as awesome as it is and having opened just the day before, it was surprisingly empty (over the 2 hours we were there, there were a maximum of about 6 lanes occupied by an average of about 3 bowlers each).  Could have just been the fact that it was a Wednesday...but anyway... This place ROCKS!  It's massive, beautiful, and has service that is ridiculously swank for a bowling alley (your server brings your bowling shoes to you in your lane in a basket).  The staff's super nice and attentive.  They also give you free ruffles and peanuts at your lane - hooray! The only reason I can't give 5 stars is the price.  While it's $4 for shoe rental and $25/hour/lane right now (it's the "opening" special), prices are listed in the $30-$50/hour range, depending on the time and days of the week you go.  For me, at least, that's a lot of money, and relegates The Bowl to "special occasion" only.  But, I guess that's the price you pay for a space this well appointed. (Also, FYI: for right now, it's 21+ only.  And there's a bouncer!)
Heard great things about this place. Went on a Sunday right at opening and the place was already pretty busy. Note to all, Sundays at opening is family time  so if you don't have the patience for little kids running in your lanes and playing on the lanes this time is not for you. There was a Knicks game on and each lane has a dedicated big screen tv right above the pins at the end of the lane so that was great. The food, the food, the food, was incredibly delicious. We had the fried chicken, pancakes, mac and cheese and fries and everything was terrific, one of the best fried chickens I've eaten, but what else would you expect from Blue Ribbon. We had the berry sundae and the vanilla shake for desert and those both were delicious also. Our waitress was super friendly and the couches were incredibly comfortable. Between the 4 of us we must have drank about 7 beers, 3 bloody marys, and 2 sodas. So for three hours of bowling and all the food and drinks mentioned above the bill came in at $250 before tip. Clean place, trouble free bowling with super fast ball return. Not the cheapest in town, but well worth the price.
Really cool place, worth to go again for sure. So, it's a big space but you don't feel lost in it, there is just enough space for everything you do. We had dinner at the bar with fried chicken and fries and both were delicious. The concert was super fun. We didn't play bowling, a bit too expensive for just two people, during weekends. So it's worth going with a group of frends eventually. In any case, already booked for next concert, and it will not be the last!
I'm just rating Brooklyn Bowl asa music venue because I did not get to try the bowling or the menu, which I hear are both pretty darn good. As a venue, I was really impressed. The size, viewing, and setup all made sense. In terms of atmosphere, it blows my mind that some joint out in the middle of nowhere amongst warehouses is something like 500 times hipper than the coolest venue in DC. A sold out show was still totally comfortable in terms of shaking it with 20 of your closest friends.
This place is awesome. If it weren't for the attitudes of the staff, they would have scored much higher. We went on a Saturday Night with a group of 8 to celebrate my wife's birthday. I had called to inquire about the cover for a Saturday night, and was told at 6pm they didn't charge one. 6pm we show up, and its 5 bucks at the door. Not the biggest deal, but hey, I'm not here to see this cover band, so whatever. We signed up on both the bowling and the dining list. Staring down a 3 hour wait for food, and 4 for bowling, we started off right with a whole bunch of beers. After 3.5 hours, I went to check with the Host to see where my spot in line was. She said they had called me and I didn't answer, so I had been scratched off. The way it works is, you give your cell number, and they call. Guess what? My phone shows no missed calls.  We finally get seated, and let me say, the food is incredible. We got a healthy ( not meaning its good for you) cross section of their offerings. everything was amazing. 4 stars for food, hands down. The server brought the check, and basically told us to take a hike, they needed the table. I didn't mind so much. Clearly there is was wait. Next we wait around for another hour or so for a lane. We finally get one, and bowling commences. The lanes here are great. Perfect amount of slide. Fast resets. It really has everything going for it. 1.5 hours into our 2 hour maximum allowed time, we're told we need to start wrapping it up. WTF? There is still time on the clock. Long story short, Brooklyn Bowl has a lot going for it, but the staff really don't make me thrilled to come back. I will. Maybe next time it'll be better. .
my favorite venue in the city, good beer and food, great sound....go here!!!
I ventured down here for a concert with Marc Broussard after hearing how much fun it was in past performances and I must say I was not disappointed. I had come here once before to just relax but never here to see live music. The leather couches are super comfy. Last time I was in I was on the dance floor right in front of the stage :) Getting down here was a breeze, the usual fight for parking in Brooklyn. I managed to find a spot a couple of blocks away. After getting my ticket at the will call window, I walked in to two large bars with lots of bartenders and no lines. I ordered my two drinks for the evening and journeyed down to the floor for the concert. The drinks were good though a little bit on the pricey side. After securing a spot right in front (of course) I stayed put for the entire time. The music was awesome, the stage great, and the acoustics really decent for a larger venue. There were a lot of people bowling but you couldn't even tell or hear any other noise. Fantastic. If you are looking for a cozy spot to chill or come to see some live music this is the place to go. Keep on rockin' Brooklyn bowl!
OH WHAT A NIGHT... Super PROPS to the staff and management at Brooklyn Bowl for providing an excellent night of live music, food and bowling of course. $7 for 3 bands ($5 if you pay in advance - cash only), delicious food and exercise who could ask for a better combination. We put our name in for a lane around 7 or a little after and we were on a lane by the second bands 1st song, I think  it was around 8:30ish. To occupy ourselves we had a few selections from the menu. I had the Sloppy Joe with the side salad, it was yum, nothing like that stuff out of the can. My friend had the mac n cheese with artichoke and olives....amazing and I don't really like olives. We had a few vegetarians with us and there was not much to choose from on the menu for their needs, so they decided to eat at another restaurant but were back in plenty of time to bowl.  We also ordered a big plate of 18 cupcakes for our bday girl, for me they were a little bitter tasting and not very moist just OK. We had some left over and we don't usually leave sweets behind. We were called over to our lane and headed over to the booth to put in our shoe order, how cute is it that they bring the shoes to your lane in a little basket, now that's service. Side note the ATM is behind the curtain of the Fortune Teller machine. The place is very large, with a huge dance floor for patrons to watch the bands and dance. If you don't want to watch the band you can go over to the other side and chill in the other bar where there is also a lounge at the front entrance. Everything was clean, the leather sofa's at the lanes were still in tact which is surprising for the amount of abuse they probably take. Great experience I wish this place was in my neighborhood. Prices for bowling and food were affordable unlike in the city where you have to mortgage your house for an hour of bowling. Met some really friendly people and had a really good time.
Fun and eclectic with bowling lanes, a restaurant, and a stage for live bands. It feels like classy hipster carnival bowling. Not cheap!
Cool place, nice music and concerts.
After broiling in the heat at Brooklyn Flea, we found some respite in the form of air conditioning and beer at Brooklyn Bowl. First of all-- the space is huge. Plenty of room for dining, bowling and general hanging out. Being the middle of the day on Sunday, the place was actually littered with family and children. However, the three of us, seeking beer, didn't feel out of place at all. I could easily see how this would be a great space to see a live band-- the stage area is situated behind the alleys, and the bar is across from the stage, making it easy to grab something if you are bowling or watching a show.
Have you ever had nachos made out of chicharon?!?!?!  These babies are amazing... deep fried pork skin sprinkled with queso fresco, cilantro, red onions, FRESH jalapeno (and probably a little bit of crack.. these things are addicting)! Next time I go, this little piggy is getting her own plate with a side of the chipotle buttered corn on the cob =) Can't say much for the bowling other than the fact that they need more lanes.  A 4 hour wait is a little crazy.  You are, after all, a bowling alley.
This is a great concert venue, lots of room and doesn't get too hot. Before the concert we had some southern style fried chicken and collard greens. The food was great, maybe a tad salty on the chicken. I don't know anything about bowling here, but the venue is fun and I'd go back.
This place has been around for a couple of years now and I can see why it's done well.  It's spacious and offers the experience clubs used to in NY before Guiliani ruined the nightlife scene in NYC.  The food is great and I love that they always have a coatcheck available.  But the sound has been terrible at every show I've gone to see....and this is a music venue that books major acts, that's odd...I'm sure this place is making a ton of money so can't they put a little of that into the sound system??? And the staff takes laconic to a whole new level.  The "security" are rude and should I really tip a coatcheck girl that doesn't say "hi" or smile? I think not.
I do not bowl. What a heck, what am I doing in the bowling alley?? Ahh, but here is the thing - Brooklyn Bowl is much more than *just* bowling alley. It is a fantastic event space, and I had a pleasure to enjoy all it has to offer during one of the award events. Place definitely has a character - old warehouse that been renovated and redesigned to fit new role. The industrial look is enriched by heavy leather couches and softened by reclaimed cork floors - it makes sense in overall scheme. Re-purposed bar tables and memorabilia adds to the look. Here is something you may want to know: this is only bowling alley in the world that LEED-certified. And not just putting check-mark here and there - they really went all out. Re-purposed materials, wind-powered electricity, no bottled beer at the bar - recycling at it best, energy-efficient lights and fans, and so much more! (I probably asked bartender way too many questions about all this, but I was thrilled that he was so informative!). The staff at Brooklyn Bowl deserves all stars in the world - from front door check-in, to food offering to helping you with everything you may need, they were on their toes through whole evening. The food is catered by Blue Ribbon, and it is pretty good. 16 local beers on tap. Music selection was perfect fit for the event and live stage also a huge plus! PS. Check out a "waiting room" at the restroom - with leather seating no less!
THURSDAYS! DJ Questlove? I LOVE LOVE LOVED THIS PLACE! Old school soul train vids on the screens, A HUUUUGE Dance floor $5 Cover.... AWESOME MUSIC :) Fun People... HEAPS of dancing.. Had one of the best nights here in my 6 month stay in NYC. So much so I returned for another Thursday night with 3 more friends (also dancers) and had another great night! Bourbon Shake was aweeesome... cant wait to come back and try the fried chicken!  And get down to DJ Questlove!
Prices: 5 stars - prices are great. $20 for a 1/2 hour per lane is pretty much a great deal. Bowling experience: 1 star. The 2 lanes that my friends and i were using kept on malfunctioning. We seriously waited over 1/2 hour for them to be fixed. Food: 5 stars. - Food is great. Honestly, the bowling is just too weird here. The pins have strings attached to them so the pin action is not accurate. In addition, the lanes malfunction quite often. Does the food outweigh the bowling experience, i think not. I mean if i rated the food alone, i would def give this place a 4 or a 5. However, my friends and i had such a miserable time bowling here that we had to downgrade the place. Food wise, we tried the rock and roll fries, calamari, and pork rinds. The rock and roll fries were amazing with the cheese and gravy. The fried calamari were cooked well, and i liked how it came with fried jalapeno bottle caps too. The star app went to the freshly made pork rinds. When it came to our table, you can hear the pork rinds still crackling because they were freshly made. In addition, the queso fresco, red onions, and peppers added a nice flavor component to the salty pork rinds. It added a nice twang to it. The peppers weren't too spicy so ppl liked it.  The main reason we came here was to try their famous fried chicken. We ordered a 24 mixed piece platter. The chicken was freshly fried. You can tell because it was damn hotttttttt. I think all of us burned our tongues. The size is smaller than hill country chicken, but the flavor is there and it is much better than hill country chicken. The seasoning is great. I highly recommend the drumstick and thighs because they are moist and flavorful. I also tried a breast but was severely disappointed because it was so dry. It had the most meant but it was definitely a lot dryer than the thigh and drumstick. We also shared an order of the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese tasted elegant. It wasn't your standard yellow chedder, since the cheese was white. I dind't really get too much of the bread crumbs, but the surprise was the hint of onion flavor in the mac and cheese that made the flavors explode in the mouth. Will I come here again to bowl? Most likely not. However, i will not mind trekking here again to just try out the foods. I want to try out the chicken muffaletta and also eat more of those pork rinds.
Oh BK Bowl how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.  First there were $15 pitchers, the comfy couches and spacious lanes.  Then you brought me delight with tasty fried chicken and amazing smothered french fries. End the night with an awesome concert and my love just can't grow anymore.
James Brown party last night!!!! Soul Train was playing on the big screen Beers are local and fresh! Bowling here is pretty cool with a group of good people. Music is always pumping. Seen plenty of shoes here too - including Childish Gambino a couple summers ago which was one of the best performances I've see. At the venue. Only had. Food there once but it seemed pretty standard. This is a must-go for tourists scoping BK.
Very cool venue, you can eat, bowl, drink, and listen to live music.  And it's off the 1st stop on the L!  Can't get any better than that. The chick bartenders hate girls though.  I got crazy stank eye every time I went up to the bar but my good looking male friend would get smiles.  Whass dat all about!?
Where else can you bowl, eat a 5 star dinner at Blue Ribbon and then watch a concert all in one venue?  Not too many places which is why this is my favorite venue in Brooklyn.  Sometimes you can look around and see Hipsters trying way tooo hard, but once you over look that fact, this place is awesome and a one of a kind place.
Uugghhhh the music here was beyond horrible. I feel as if I had to be drugged up to have a good time. Maybe if the music was better I couldve had a decent time!
This place is absolutely amazing. Though, it's a journey from where I live, it was definitely worth the travel. Fried chicken was off the hook and the po'boy was slamming. The macaroni and cheese was pretty decent, still delicious though. The staff is absolutely friendly and they were great with the kids. And if the kids are really well behaved the manager might slide a free dessert for them. I've also been there on nights when Solange and Questlove were DJing, and it was still a blast!! Brooklyn Bowl is definitely dope and it gets this Brooklynite's approval
Came here recently for a friends party.   What i liked about the place...... It's modern but got a retro-ish decor It's brand spanking new They have some awesome food.  The french bread pizza was awesome and massive Good selection of beer String attached pins...hmm...interesting When you check out, they bring your footware to you What I don't like about it...... There's only like 16 lanes there.  So, if you get there late or don't have a reservation (see note below), you're outta luck and you'll be waiting here forever.....forever.... It's still brand spanking new and the staff is still trying to sort themselves out The waitstaff is fine (who takes your drink and food orders) but the staff where you go get a lane.....SUCKS!  Yeah, that part is very disorganized and not very accommodating.   They're selective about who they'll let reserve lanes.  When we called, they mentioned that they don't take reservations. When we got there, they told us we had to be out of there by so-and-so time b/c there was a party reserved for our lanes.  Hmm....i thought we they don't take reservations?!!!  WTF!!!  Oh, only if you're spending an obscene amount of money there, that's when they let you reserve lanes...OH...i see now. Overall......hmm....might give it a second try but very skeptical Service: waitstaff fine.  Reception....awful and obviously disorganized Price:  Pricy ($$- $$$).  Someone has to pay for the decor Vibe: Fun...afterall...it is bowling
Note: This review is only for the concert venue, the beer (if you can call it that), the service at the bar (if you can call it that), and the live act that I had the pleasure of seeing as my first show here. And maybe I'll take a jab or two at some of the clowns you can expect to find in a place like this in the Williamsburg neighborhood. First, I was impressed with the spaciousness, sound quality and set up of the stage and dance floor, clever planning on the owner's part. As for the beer, waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa­aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa­ack. I was thoroughly disgusted by the options here. Brooklyn Brewery is the beer you want to build your bar around? Seriously? First of all, I repeatedly remind people that there may not be a single good beer made in New York. I don't know if it's the water, or the New York business sense that emphasizes cost-cutting at the expense of quality and taste, but New York just doesn't have IT. Brooklyn Brewery's beers exemplify this. The beers, which surely fool most rookies because they have a distinctive and easily identifiable taste, are so harsh on the throat, so chemical-heavy, so poor in terms of aftertaste that it almost stuns me to know people drink it at all. But add to that that BK Bowl wants to essentially make a shrine to them at their bar area (yeah, I know they're right next door), and it's like the scene from the Ten Commandments when all these numbskulls are bowing down to the golden cow. Absurd. Anyways, I chose not to drink the crappy Brooklyn beer, opting instead for the Kelso. Unfortunately, they seemed to have simply torn a page out of the Brooklyn Brewery play book. I couldn't finish my beer. And that NEVER happens. Chemicals, or whatever prevents these NY beers from tasting and going down smooth (pause) have NO PLACE IN BEER. Germans knew that in 13-mothereffing-44 and that's why they're beer drops its diarrhea all over these weak New York impostors (and I'm neither German nor elitist, nor anti-American beer, because Colorado particularly has that HEAT). Study up NY beers. Seriously. Now on to the service at the bar. Nothing rankles me more than the too-cool-for-clients servers that you find from time to time in NYC (and all the time if you hang out in the LES or the wackass 'Burg). Dude, you're job is to get me my beer with gusto and earn your tip. You're not cool just because you work at a cool spot, nor because you just discovered hip-hop music and fashion from the 90's last year and are trying to embody it, nor because you live in Williamsburg. You're still a service employee and you better accept it. Now get me my beer, beeyotch, cuz I'm the one with the money. But that's enough, because the real saving grace for Brooklyn Bowl was The Wailers band. I'm not sure where all the original members were, but whoever these guys were, they tore the house down. I came an hour late, so I may have missed some of the songs I really would have liked to hear (Coming in from the Cold, Pimper's Paradise (best song ever) and Waiting in Vain (2nd best)), but they still went through so many classics, plus a number of the less popular gems that loyal Marley fans love. It was a grand experience. They had great energy and put on a memorable show. I'd certainly come back to see a good show, but I'd have to bring a flask or get thoroughly caca-faced before arriving so as to avoid having to buy the horrible beer and have to interact with the pretentious clowns at the bar.
Great Place!! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is bc I didn't actually bowl :) I was here for a Railroad Earth concert in February and what a great time. First of all, the neighborhood is adorable. The bouncers were doing their job BUT they were friendly. I like that! I think just bc you are a bouncer or watching the door, you don't have to be a jerk. Bouncers were attentive to the waiting crowd, calm and friendly. We had tickets so we just walked on in. Coat check was key! The coat check people were quick and easy to deal with... but now off to the important part - the Bar! The bar was huge and there were a few of them. The bartenders were quick and nice. It was very crowded but I never waited more than 2-3 minutes for a beer. They had a great local beer selection and the prices were great! $6.00 for a pint - not bad at all for NYC and for a 'trendy' type of venue. The place is casual and the atmosphere is comfortable. No meatheads or obnoxious women in sight! The concert was great and the stage and dance floor were perfect! The bowling looked awesome with leather couches and everything. Everyone looked like they were having a blast bowling too. The bathrooms were clean which was a bonus too. All and all I had a great time and would def go back for another show or to bowl!
Had a fantastic time yesterday at Brooklyn Bowl. After living in the area for 2 years finally made my way over here and sad it wasn't sooner. We went during the day as we didn't know what to expect and weren't there for the music. We wanted to eat so decided to eat separately then bowl (you can do both at the same time if you choose). Amanda the server was so nice and informative, had a great spunky upbeat personality. After we were finished we headed to bowl where our tab from dinner was just transferred over to our lane so we didn't have to tap out multiple times. Bowling was fantastic- super cool environment and awesome service. We went on a Saturday and waited like 10 minutes... For $50 each (there were 4 of us) we each had 3 drinks, lunch, and bowled for and hour!!! I'll def be back
Brookyln Bowl can only be described as amazeballs. What an awesome space to have a party - large or small. I came her for a friend's birthday on a Wednesday night, and the place was empty-ish. There are a ton of bowling lanes, a dining / dancing area, and a full bar scene to mingle at. The food and drinks are what you'd expect and come out promptly from friendly servers. The main allure for me was the space. Living in Manhattan, it's easy to forget there is TONS more space right across the river, and that you don't need to be jam-packed against strangers during every social outing. I'm not sure how packed it gets on weekends, but you could probably fit a thousand people here (caveat: I don't know how I came up with that number, but it feels right).
My husband and I have been here several times, and after every experience vow to never go back. I think after the latest one we definitely will not. There was a $30 cover charge even though we were just bowling, $40 for the lane for an hour (plus shoe charge). By the time we left the music that we paid the cover charge for still hadn't started so we paid the extra 30 just for the 'privelege' of being at Brooklyn Bowl? The bowling pins are weird too and never fall over the way they would if not on strings. The only thing that saves this place from being one star is that the staff is usually super nice and attentive.
Brooklyn Bowl is decent at some things yet great at nothing. Not the best bar or bowling spot but i seen worse.
Awesome place! Bowling, bands, and beer! Probably would never have found this place if one of my buddies didn't invite to come along and see their band play. Man or Astroman rules! Ok now that I've said that, I can move on... It's an old brick structure and been updated nicely. Good airflow and not at all stuffy. I assume that when the bands start there'll be enough cooling to keep the sweat down. The Bowl has a great selection of beers on tap, lots of local Long Island ones: Greenpoint, Six Point, and Brooklyn breweries. Having a Sweet Action now and a  Brooklyn Bowl IPA before. The food selection appears pretty broad, not exactly the typical bar food, with French bread pizzas, hummus, pulled pork, burgers, a nice assortment of stuff. Healthy stuff as well as carotid artery pluggers. Two bars, on really designed to service the show/bowl crowd, another area where food is served but with its own bar as well. The servers seem to be pretty attentive, place settings and water come out immediately. The pizza arrived, just as crispy like I ordered it, and very good tasting sausage and peppers. It's a 16 lane alley, and it appears that everyone's enjoying themselves. Lots of video screens Like the place, good crowd, acoustics are fair. Now that I know this place exists, maybe I'll be back again!
Gosh I feel bad for the people at The Gutter. This place is surely giving those guys a run for their money! I came here on Saturday for Santacon and danced with 900 revelers to amazing music (balkan influenced beats) tons of space to dance and 16 bowling lanes. I liked it so much I returned for Happy Hour on Monday. Yep, Monday - Thursday from 6p-8p it's half priced bowling and all Brooklyn Brewery brews. That comes to $20/hr per lane and $3 a pint. Throw in some Blue Ribbon eats and it's a great weekday night out. And you can lie to yourself and say you've gotten some exercise too.
I came here with a group of people unexpectedly one night to see a show.  The line to get in moved quickly and security was on top of things.  Once inside, for some reason, I thought the place would be bigger.  Mind you, it's definitely a big space, but each area on it's own seemed rather cramped.  The bar area was very large and service was reasonable given the large crowd.  I never made it over to the bowling area, though I'm sure you have to go through airport-like security screening to get there.  The stage area was large enough to hold a good crowd.   The biggest complaint of the place, hands down, is the restaurant area.  The food and waiter were fine, though service was slow because the people at the next table wouldn't shut up with the waiter....sigh.  But that's not the biggest complaint.  The biggest complaint I have is, who in their right mind hired that HORRIBLE, UNFRIENDLY, UNINVITING, INCREDIBLY RUDE, BLOND HOSTESS???  Could you hire ANYONE worse?  Please Brooklyn Bowl, mind your employees and hire people with CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS since this is, after all, an establishment that caters to customers by providing a service!  For starters, she chased us out of the bar area when we saw friends sitting at the bar and went to join them.  We were told we'd have to wait outside of the restaurant area behind the hostess desk.  She was incredibly rude and would not answer a simple question of "how long do you think the wait will be?" Her response  was "I won't give you a time."  "How many people are on the list ahead of me?" followed by "I can't tell you that information,  You will have to wait.  If you don't answer after two calls, you lose your spot on the line and I go to the next customer".  It took having one person in my party to distract her so we could at least get a look at the list.  What a bitch.  Sorry Brooklyn Bowl, but you need to do better in this department. I will not be eating at this establishment again because, as a paying customer, deserve to be treated with a tad bit more respect by your staff.
First off F this place, your bowling lanes are not bottling service at some expensive club. Might be fun if your a trust fund hipster and can afford 100 a person for bowling. They charge 50 dollars an hour for bowling, allowing my bf and I to play 2 games two games at 45 min and they rounded up to the hour. I have no idea what service they are providing at that charge, considering the bowling balls were slicked with grease as though they or the lanes have never been cleaned. We bowled our worst games ever due this. The service sucked never refilled refilled our drinks while at the bar eating, even though we were obviously sharing the only water they water they gave us. They also charged a 5 dollar cover for a band that never showed up. They few alcoholic drinks they gave us were weak with barely a shot in them. The only reason this place gets a 2 is because of the all in one entertainment and the okay the food was pretty scrumptious but nothing special.
Bowling, Fried Chicken, Cheese fries with gravy, Knishes, live music.... seriously, what more do you want? If you don't enjoy your trip here you probably should stay at home and continue your League of Legends game, and watch more Firefly. This place is ridiculously delicious, blue ribbon does a great job, and the bowling is what you make of it, so bring people you'll have fun with because it is a blast.
I am a Manhatanite tried and true. In the 8 years I've lived here I've been to Brooklyn a dozen times of which 3 were in the last few months (Marathon, Brooklyn Heights eatery etc) This place was awesome. The food is Blue Ribbon (mac and cheese and greek pizza are MUST TRYs). The bands are great and the service overall was stellar. It's not the cheapest but its really a fun time.
Cartman won't eat KFC chicken crust no mo'!!!
I felt like I was in the Rocky Horror Picture show! This place is stellar. Awesome people, environment, bowling alley, concert (with a sweet performance- dancers, costumes, instruments), restaurants and multiple bars. The restaurant was over priced but the food was awesome, try the famous fried chicken, baked macaroni, and endless desserts. Apple Cider & rum drink,,,, a MUST & the Brooklyn brewery selections are all available (full bar too). Perfect for a fun-unique Saturday with a big group of friends.  Already planning my trip back
iWent Last Week With A Couple Of Friends ! Everything About That Place Was Amazing. No Dull Moments. No Matter The Occasion _ BrooklynBowl is A Great Place To Go. The Food Was Good ! That Strawberry Frozen Margarita . it was also my first time bowling and i was pretty good at it lol i found that if i dance to the music b4 i bowl im Great at it lol. The Music Mix was great as well and the dance floor was Lit ! Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves
Food's great. It's a great spot with plenty of space for a larger group. Good local beer selection. I came here to watch a World Cup game and my only 2 complaints/feedback are: 1. hire another bartender. The bar is huge and was staffed with 1 person. She was overwhelmed, didn't see fair to her. Manager fail. 2. before the match started they played music up until the US anthem. really? Can't put on some of the pre-game instead of playing 80s hits? I was half expecting them to cut away from the match and show Top Gun instead. Otherwise, a cool spot that is definitely worth going to.
One of the few places to bowl in Brooklyn. High prices, but a lot of fun.
My 2 year old and I go here just about every weekend. After bowling we go to the bar for milk in a whiskey glass. Most everyone knows his name there by now. It's really fun for him and me.
The best bowling place ever in NYC. Highly recommend to visit it.
Overpriced and the music wasn't all that great. It was fine but The Gutter, with its dive bar and cheap lanes, is more up my alley (haha).
Please note I have never once gone bowling here. But I have been for a variety of odd shows/antics/late nights that have led me to know that this place can be very confusing to maneuver around (good luck finding the bathroom and getting back to your friends in under 30 minutes without GPS) and they almost always charge a cover. Now, I feel pretty negatively about covers, but sometimes, it's a good thing for crowd control purposes. I try to think of it as a ticket fee to see a DJ or a band, and it eases my disgruntled mind. I'll probably be back, again not for bowling.
(  Save your Money !!!).Extremely confrontational Security Guards,Unfriendly environment, horrible service and poor beer choices . Management was awful and extremely rude ,   do yourself a favor and save your money .
We had a great night at Brooklyn Bowl until it came time to pay the check.  We had ordered a bunch of food including a 12 piece order of fried chicken.  When we got our bill, it had the 12 piece as well as an 8 piece order of white meat.  We immediately brought this to the attention of the server who claimed that we were given both and proceeded to interrogate us as to why we did not tell her that we were given too much chicken.  We then spoke to the manager who also acted suspicious of us and refused to take the $28 item off our bill.  The server and manager were extremely rude.  I've never been to a place where the server makes a mistake and the establishment refuses to take ownership of the mistake and take the item off of the bill.  As a result I will not be returning.
7 bucks for a plastic cup of beer..yea no thanks..If I wanted to plastic cup of beer, I would seek a frat party not this place, and if I wanted to get ripped off, I would just stay in the city and not go to Brooklyn...also, people here have such attitudes, oh wait, cause their hipsters and think Brooklyn is cooler than it actually is..you're still in an outer borough..
Awesome atmosphere!  Very cool converted building with really high ceilings and an old industrial feel. We had fun bowling for about 2 hours.  The lane adjoining ours was empty for most of the time that we were there, which was nice because it meant we weren't sharing the seating area with strangers.  Feeling comfortable and like we had ample room, we decided to order some food.   Not the most conducive thing to do while you bowl - but hey, we were hungry and it's awesome that they have real food to munch on.  2 of us got mac & cheese, 1 got salmon, and 1 got fried chicken.  Everyone was really content with their choices!   The fried chicken eater was happy to see that they brought LOTS of handy wipes - would have made for some greasy bowling balls otherwise!   A few beefs: * WHILE we were eating, the lane beside us became occupied, which meant that we had to all sit side-by-side on *our* couch, facing perfect strangers on their couch, while we tried to rush through the remains of our meals.   It was a bit awkward and intimate.   The real pet peeve here was that there were other empty lanes - why wouldn't they book those up first? * I had a chocolate milk, which I was quite enjoying - until my big wide straw sucked up a sharp piece of plastic, which ended up in my mouth.   I tried not to let it bother me, and kept drinking the milkshake.... except in the last sip, I looked into the glass and saw a significant-sized piece of plastic - quite sharp and brittle.  I'm lucky when you think about it - the sharp edges could have done some damage.... let alone the fact that it was a choking hazard.   We notified the waitress, who in turn had the manager come over and apologize.  They took that one milkshake off the bill, but I feel they could have done better.  Especially since that was only 1 of 3 milkshakes we had that night among our group. Very cool place, lots of fun.  Bowling was a big hit.  Just those few issues with decisions made by staff.  They were pleasant mind you!
While very loud, Brooklyn Bowl is very fun ! Always a blast whether bowling, listening music or dining. I usually eat in the front part of the restaurant  before my friends and I take over a lane. I totally loved the disco fries, and mac- n-cheese, not to mention the Bourbon Shake. I've had really friendly service from every one who works there. I've been waited on by Anna in the restaurant more than once and have always had a great experience.
Went here to see QUEST LOVE.  Cool atmosphere.  Big place.  I still have yet to try their food since I heard their fried chicken is BOMB.  Will def come back.
I went last night with some friends.  We had a great time!  I'm so excited to have a classy place to bowl and drink mere blocks from my apartment!  Sure, we could go to The Gutter, but it's a bit too divey and cramped for my tastes.  Brooklyn Bowl is housed in a huge warehouse, so the inside is incredibly spacious.   After we put our names down on the list for a bowling lane (they call your phone when your lane is ready!), my group quickly claimed 2 luxurious leather couches. OMG those couches are amazing.  They are sooooo comfortable.  We quickly started plotting how me might sneak them out the door.  Unfortunately the doors are manned by bouncers (this place is  21+ for now, but will be all ages on the weekends soon) and I'm not sure those couches would fit in my postage stamp sized living room. There are 2 bar areas, serving Brooklyn beers (from Brooklyn Brewery and Six Point).  I love my summer ale!  We enjoyed quite a few beers and platters of fries while we waited for our lane to open up (almost 2 hour wait).  The time passed quickly though, since Brookln Bowl has awesome video screens up playing music videos and other video mash-ups.  Highly entertaining! The bowling was so much fun!  They have a very classy set up.  They bring your shoes to your lane in a cute wire basket, and they'll even sell you socks with a cute bowling pin logo, if you forgot to pack your own.  Right now they're having a special, so the prices for bowling are quite reasonable.  And they have a timer at each lane, so you know how much time you have left before you're charged for another hour.  We ended up spending almot 3 hours bowling, since we were having so much fun!  Normal prices range from $40-$50 per hour per group of people, which makes it a bit steeper than I can afford on a regular basis, but I know I'll definitely be back a few more times!
The reason this place gets any stars is because the food is good. But other than that, I see no point in paying $15 cover to listen to a mediocre band, wait 1.5 hrs for a friggin bowling lane to open up, or people watch a herd a bearded men in gingham shirts. Completely overrated!
I mainly go here to see music and it is a great venue.  The Blue Ribbon BBQ is excellent as well.  Some of the best wings I have ever had.  Really great selection of beers.
SOOOO I have not bowled here.... or even seen a show. I came here to get a drink with my boyfriend. And I walked into the joint and feel inlove. This place can and is so many things.... from a young hip bowling alley, to family bowling alley, to concert hall, to fun laid back bar, to nighttime busy bar, to even a nationally renowned restaurant! The atmosphere is unlike anything I have ever seen before. The huge open factory like space, mixed with the wood interior gives it an identity all its own. I can see why so many people want their off beat weddings here. We loved how they had drinks from the brooklyn brewery on tap. Costs just about as much as anywhere else... not over priced for the area in my opinion. $7 for the summer ale on tap. We enjoyed a nice quiet drink while I watch the nighttime artist have their sound check. So mad I could not stay for the concert. But I plan on coming back here really soon. So when can I plan my wedding?
Having just seen a show at Brooklyn Bowl, I'll review the place from the perspective of a concertgoer and a bargoer, rather than a bowler.  Which, by the way, is an important distinction to make, since the place serves a variety of purposes: 1. bar 2. venue 3. late nite food 4. bowling alley! The place is so large that it took me awhile to even understand what was going on. I was also surprised over and over again by how swanky it was.  It's a big, cool, urban-chic warehouse -- nice leather couches in the back and bar areas made seeing a late show a bit more comfortable than I would normally expect.  It's really anything but an intimate place to see a show, but I guess that part of town already has plenty of those. Bar seems pretty reasonably priced relative to the bowling and show ticket prices but it too feels kinda big and distant, as if you were getting a beer at a stadium or something, rather than from a bartender. Something to see but it doesn't strike me as somewhere that I would hang out regularly, or a place anyone else would come to on a regular basis... just doesn't seem like that kind of business model.  More of an arena/big-time venue feel.
Totally love the design of this place.  The leather sofas in the lanes are so cute and comfortable.  I have never felt so stylish bowling my game of 47 before.  Love pitchers of Brooklyn Blast, loved the Rock and Roll fries (thin fries with provolone, cheddar, Cajun spices, and gravy on the side).  The only down side is it is expensive, but most upscale bowling alleys are.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Rates are $25 per half hour on the weekends, $20 per half hour weekdays.   Lanes are max 8 people, but I think if you want to be comfortable, 4 people per lane max.
This is a pretty fun place to go to with some friends. The lanes are well kept and the music is pretty good. Depending on the day however be prepared to wait a while. . . O and the food is above average for the type of place it is. I will definitely go back
I have never heard of Brooklyn Bowl until I saw someone create an Event for a Grateful Dead copy band at this venue. Music, bowling, beer, Grateful Dead all in Brooklyn; what is going on here. Brooklyn Bowl has a restaurant and bar with bowling and a stage for bands to perform. Cool concept. I learned afterwords their are a few locations; London and Las Vegas. You pay your cover at the entrance and you walk into this large foyer space where you can sign up for bowling, go to the restaurant or chill on couches. The main room is towards your left where there is a good size bar and the stage at the far end. Bowling is to the right. I found the acoustics to be decent. Space comfortable. Very good place to see a band. I am sure this place must get crazy with a popular band or DJ, but on this particular Monday night no issues. CC available at bar, but CASH ONLY at the door for cover charge. Overall, I will definitely be back, depending on the entertainment for the evening. Service at the bar was efficient and professional. Beer selection decent with fair price points. The space is GA, but I found seating when needed. This is a solid venue for music in NYC. Bowling may be pricey for two, but if you go as a group looks very cheap. Very cool joint..........
@Chris L. I was at that Dujeous show at BK Bowl.  You got smoked by a girl in a chugging contest.  It was hilarious HAHAHA.  A couple other things, she wasn't big, she wasn't drinking a light beer (all BK Bowl's brews are local microbrews that tend to be hoppy) and there were no sweet dance moves or great hair.  You got shamed fair and square.  Sorry, but this is just a little bit of digital karma coming back to bite you in the ass.   With that said, this place rocks.  Good food, music, drinks and bowling...not much else to say
If I could write a separate review for the Blue Ribbon establishment on site, I certainly would.  The menu, while at times  venturing just an inch into Danny Meyer territory (you can get pretzels, cheese, and bologna served up as an appetizer), is more focused and less gimmicky than at a lot of other Blue Ribbon establishments, with frequent (but un-patronizing) nods to bowling and bar food.  We ordered up the pork rinds, which came subtly marinated in lime, garlic, red onion, and chili, but the real star of the show was the eight piece chicken dinner we ordered up.  The pieces are small, but the savory buttermilk coating will not leave so much as a smudge of grease on your fingers.  Served with honey and paired with Tabasco sauce, this is the Blue Ribbon standard at its unadorned finest.  The mashed potatoes are enticingly buttery without tasting at all salty.   Now, a note about the Egg Cream, because this menu item came to define our dining experience.  It was terrible, not even a proper Egg Cream, with little carbonation and even less chocolate.  We were effectively served a tall glass of milk with separated chocolate syrup and perhaps a spritz of soda water.  We sent it back, and over the course of the evening, the manager reappeared not once, not twice, but on THREE separate occasions with gradually improved (and totally unsolicited) variants on the misconcocted egg cream until we were satisfied with it.  Ultimately, at the end, they did get it right.  What we totally didn't anticipate was that they would comp us the entire dinner for five on the basis of this.  Last night was the Blue Ribbon operation's first night, and there are still some kinks that need to be worked out on the menu, but the level of service and attention will definitely have us coming back.   We may have no choice, of course, given the 2-3.5 hour wait for a lane.  Even so, it was a delicious prelude to a fun night of (mind you, slightly expensive) bowling.  There is no mistaking this place for Gutter, which has its benefits and drawbacks.  Yes, there are strings on the pins and at times it does feel a little too much like a post-hipster Dave & Busters. While Gutter won't set you back $40 per hour on a Tuesday night, they also won't have shoe-hop service at your lane.  And while I wish the house music last night were a lot less lame, the idea of bowling a few rounds within earshot of Toots and the Maytals certainly seems worth the $40 outlay.
A powerful magnet for all things awesome and douchey.
Cool spot. Good location. Good concerts. Food is ok- A**hole door staff. !! With attitudes like that- you should go work in a prison. Customers who are coming into your spot for enjoyment and spending money, should not have such a buzzkill with bouncer type mentality at the door. Better to be friendly- it goes a long way! maybe that's your schtick- to be pompous Giving attitude, to show your authority. Too bad. Place could be much better with focus on  the little things~
This place is a guaranteed great time! Awesome music acts, while bowling, after you eat scrumptious French bread pizza and other blue ribbon food?! Who could ask for more! Service is always great. Food is always good. Recommend the French bread pizza (see above), wedge salad, Mac and cheese. The Spanish style corn is one of the best. Whether you are there for a band or DJ, or to bowl with friends, it's always a blast. Can't wait to go back again.
one of my new favorite places to hang! great big hang out areas with waitress service, super fun bowling areas, great DJ playing great music, stage for live music, big dance space, clean bathrooms... the space is huuuuge and the clientele are super fun. i could probably stay here for a veeery long time. you can get pitchers of beer while you bowl, and people watch. it took a while to get a lane, but it was fine, we played drinking games and i dared my friend to hit on a girl while playing kings. brooklyn bowl makes bowling super hip as opposed to kind of trashy and kitschy. bowling is fun! even if you don't break 100. it's about the scene and the music. not super expensive and a greeeeeat way to spend your saturday afternoon on an overcast and cold day!!!
After hearing about this place for a LONG time, I finally ventured out there this past weekend for a Felabration party that ZoZo Afrobeat was playing at. It's a really cool venue with a nice chill vibe. I didn't order any of the food-although, I must admit that the chicken smelled AMAZING. I will definitely have to check that out the next time that I go...I didn't bowl, since I was there for the concert, but the people looked like they were having a nice time. And, it looked like something I would probably want to come back and do. All in all, very cute spot and probably a good date choice.
The outside look of Brooklyn Bowl is a total warehouse - bricks and wires. But once you pass through the long line, the wood interior has a unique character with great lightings. The place has a bar, a restaurant (Blue Ribbon!), bowling alley, dance floor, live stage. No more bar hopping - the variety here can keep you entertained for the whole night, not mentioning the Brooklyn brewery on tap! The Fried Chicken here is absolutely amazing. Crispy, thin, and lightly spiced skin wraps all the juice of the tender chicken within. I got pretty tipsy from the local beer, but still remember the fried chicken dish even today.
I took some friends visiting from Australia here and it blew their minds. All of the Brooklyn Brewery beers were on tap so we sampled some of those and listened to some band playing. They were actually doing a sound check but whom ever it was sounded great. The vintage Americana carnival decor is really cool. We didn't bowl or try any food because we had just emptied our wallets at Smorgasburg, but the bar and stage were cool alone.
I knew this night was going down hill when we were carded and told we could not bowl it's 9pm you close at 12am why not uggh so we decide to eat since we are here and they were featured on food network... Well why did we do that The chicken was suppose to be the high point here and it was gross the skin was over cooked actually it was More like burnt and to add insult under seasoned and just overall nasty... The rock and roll fries made me want to roll out of here they were shoestring fries with little to no topping the Mac and cheese was highly  recommended these folks are insane the macaroni was soooo undercooked. The service by the staff was mediocre when we asked for the check the server said how was your food we told her it was ok nothing major she said well you ate it... a duh we came for dinner we are hungry and we have 2 brawny men who would eat just about anything if they could  and we had leftovers smh never ever will I come here again
Very cool place.  But more impressed with the service and  professionalism of management.  I had misread the website advertisting this kids concert they had there and showed up just as it ended.  I thought I was out for the 7 tickets.  Without me pushing, I was directed to James the floor manager.  He immediately got us a bowling alley, some free snacks for the kids and gave me assurance the booking manager, Noah,  would helps with the unused concert tickets.  Again, without me having to push, Noah followed up with options to either refund or book another concert.  At first I wanted the money back.  After the pleasant service experience, I decided to just use the tickets for another show.  Good service and good people should not go unrecognized.  Sorry - figured everyone else can tell you how the food taste and b#tch about how long it takes to get a lane.   People drive an atmosphere and these people turned a cr@p  situation into a pleasant one for me, my family and friends.   Thank you.
What a great emotional experience. I can bowl in wide luxurious lanes, while eating the best fried chicken and very goods ribs, while watching/listening to a band I love perform. Sign me up! Onliest drawback. Sometimes I want the chicken but not the band or bowling and they still make me pay cover. I get it, playas gotta play. J
The best place on earth Like an amalgamation of bachelor dreams.
Love coming here for the food! What can I say, beside, Blue Ribbon fried chicken! Order as much or as little as you want with all the sides you can imagine. Go for the fries and the mash potatoes. Flat bread pizzas are also good options. And though I haven't tried the sandwiches, they look amazing. The bloody Mary is possibly one of the best I've ever had. Perfectly spicy and not too water-downed. Oh, and they have bowling lanes there too!
I had never been to Brooklyn Bowl, but constantly heard about. I thought it'd be the perfect spot to celebrate my birthday with a small group of friends. When we arrived they weren't too busy. We decided to eat first (the germiness of eating and bowling simultaneously, did not appeal). The food was good. Excellent milkshakes and mashed potatoes. Great fried chicken. The ribs were sweet and tangy. After a leisurely meal, we went over to get a lane. To our surprise, they were full, with a long wait! Noo! We could've put our name down an hour and a half ago had we realized this! But, we didn't. So we put our names down, hung out in the lounge area and then sauntered over to the stage for the live show. 45 min later we were getting tired and impatient. So, we approached the desk, the gentleman there let us know that we had moved quite a ways down the list. We explained that we all had to be to work in the morning and just couldn't wait any longer, so we asked him to take us off the list. We left. I was so disappointed that our first trip to Brooklyn Bowl for my 25th birthday, didn't include bowling. Isn't that the main point of the place? But, then, when we were 1 block away, I got a phone call. They had a lane open and felt bad about how long we had waited! Yay! We hurried back, bowled two games and had a great time. They were playing old episodes of Soul Train, which was great. However, the reflection of the screens on the lanes made it hard to see the arrows, which I use to aim. I would suggest they make the arrows white or fluorescent, so they are still visible. By this time the live music was done. The overhead music was loud enough that you couldn't hear anything without yelling your loudest. As other reviewers have mentioned, this place costs a ton. For three of us to eat and bowl (without any alcohol) it cost over $150. Also, the bathrooms were really cool. My suggestions to Brooklyn Bowl, make the arrows visible, lower the prices a bit and turn the music down a tad. Overall, great spot.
I don't know why, but I find this place a bit tacky and trashy. It has a lounge, bar, music venue, and bowling alley all in basically one big open room. Seems out of place in Williamsburg. The crowd is also atypical for the area.
The wings were awesome!!!!! Food was fantastic and the band was stellar. I would go back any day. Plus the fact that you can bowl!!!
I had no idea that the food @ Brooklyn Bowl was going to be this serious-and I thought was I just there to bowl! The fried chicken is slammin'! it's a must order, the chicken is perfectly seasoned, and has a kick to it! I had a bit of their pizza which was packed with flavor! My favorite I must say was the rock and roll fries-they have it all gravy..cheesy spicy-enough said-just order it! The food's by Blue Ribbon Restaurants  which I recently discovered from their web site so it all makes sense now! Quality surpasses any bar food I have had ever! As for the bowling...I almost forgot! get there early if you want to bowl, it gets super packed late night, and the wait for a lane can be an hour or more! We were there early-so it was perfect. We also got to catch some house DJ in action-which was actually pretty sweet. There's a 2 hr limit on the lanes-which is more than enough time in my opinion!!
I don't know why, but I find this place a bit tacky and trashy. It has a lounge, bar, music venue, and bowling alley all in basically one big open room. Seems out of place in Williamsburg. The crowd is also atypical for the area.
I admit, I came for the mac and cheese! I heard that the there was some cool stuff on the menu from another friend that visited and I am really glad that I got the chance to try the food.  The baked mac and cheese was superb! Very tasty and not over done. $11 seemed just a little too steep, so maybe if it stopped at an even $10 I might not be saying it was pricey then.   The bowling was fun!  $40 per hour but if you have more than two people, I suppose that could be better than some other places that I hear could go a lot higher. We bowled two games in just under 45 minutes. Considering the place just opened less than two months ago, there is a lot to expect at this point.  Clean, fun design, entertainment near/on lanes, and nice brand new shoe rentals. I like that they offer you to purchase a pair of socks in case you came without them.  There is a stage that wasn't being used when we were there but it looked like it could be a decent place to watch a band. Overall, Brooklyn Bowl was a very cool place to visit but a few changes could easily make me change my 4* to 5*. I would love to go back to experience the mac and cheese again! Ohh and  I bowled a 163 on the last game! =)  Only thing that was weird was the strings that grabbed the pins.  I actually got a spare that I wasn't supposed to get. ;)
Came here this past Thursday from out of town for Questlove. Did I know who he was? Nope. Have I heard of The Roots? Yes. Little did I know he was amazing! He played an endless array of soul train and old school music that made the crowd really feel the music & dance to their own style. Finally a scene where people aren't bumpin' & grindin' but actually enjoying the music! Best experience by farrr
I was sitting in Brooklyn Bowl this weekend, thinking about how it's exactly the kind of place that makes Brooklyn unique. A combination bar/bowling alley/music venue? Love it. On a Saturday afternoon, they had live music playing the entire time we were there, which was really fun. There's a big dance floor that I'm sure is wonderful at night, although at 5 in the afternoon, no one was really up there yet. Beer selection is a little unexciting - at least half of the beers are Brooklyn Brewery. And it's fine to rep the local brewery, but when you're RIGHT around the corner.......I mean, if I wanted to drink a bunch of Brooklyn Brewery beer, I would have just gone there. But I mean that's just my opinion, and it's not bad beer! So you know, you do you. No matter what, it's got a wonderful ambiance that makes a visit worth it, and it was TOTALLY EMPTY on a Saturday afternoon, which was really nice for a big group of us. I haven't gone bowling there yet, so this review is solely for the bar. But I can't wait to try out the bowling alley and update my review!
Brooklyn Bowl is one of those popular spots that generally deserves it's acclaim. It's a rather large space with, you guessed it, bowling. But, despite the adequate lanes, they have plenty else to offer if, like me, you've never actually been able to don those amazing rented shoes (and socks, if you forgot yours!) and snag an open lane. I've been here for a few shows in the past and always had a good experience. The stage viewing area is spacious and the bar at the back of the room makes it easy for you to ease the pain of a horrible band or accentuate your excitement over the upcoming act through the consumption of various types of Brooklyn Brewery beers, liquors, and mixed drinks. Bonus: Happy hour Monday-Thursday which means $4 beers from 6-8p.m. The bathroom area is pretty fancy and as a friend of mine noted, well organized I mean, after a few drinks you might just start appreciating that well-marked "watch your step on the stairs" sign more than you originally thought. Also, the bathrooms are pretty impressive. If the bar area ever ran out of space, I would consider sitting up here in the "waiting room". Seriously. I tried the food and it was all really good. The menu is provided by Blue Ribbon so I feel it's pretty trust-worthy to begin with. If you are eating and can grab a table, you will also get a lovely view of the creepy bowling pin/voodoo dolls. They are pretty great. One of the downsides to Brooklyn Bowl is that it is a rather popular spot and because there are frequently shows here, they tend to charge a cover. I don't like paying cover, especially when I don't care about the band that is playing.
bowling was fun the food is usually great but do not get the chicken wings they were absolutely horrible. fried chicken is where its at its nice and big and thats rare in New York
A few of my co-workers decided to give this place a shot. By far one of the coolest bowling alleys out there. Two bars, restaurant, floor space to party, stage to watch performances, and bowling lanes. There was no performances or parties going on. We were just there for a little happy hour, something to munch on, and bowl a little. Very classy place in my view. Very few lanes guess that explains why its $20 per lane every half hour. Quite expensive. They even offer you a pair of socks if you are not wearing any when you get your bowling shoes. $4.95. Why wouldn't you be wearing socks when you come to bowling. Anyway bowling was a lot of fun here while you have a few drinks to go along with it and some good music. For food, we ordered a bunch. 1. Smoked BBQ wings- lacked flavor. 2. The Classic Pizza- was ok. 3. Belly Buster- typical meat sandwich with cheese sandwich. Nothing special about it. 4. Fried Chicken- WOW!!! I don't know what spices they used for this, but that is one of the best 5. Cajun Shrimp Cocktail- Really good shrimp when you dip it in the spicy mayo sauce. 6. Potato and Onion Knish- Good and on the sweet side. I would rate this place 3.5 stars. 4 stars for the fun. 3 stars for the food.
Came here to see a friends band on a Tuesday night.  We put our name in for a lane but were told that the wait would probably be very long, all of the lanes were taken by bowling leagues and a large party. We put our name in pretty late, and didn't really plan on bowling until last minute so no big deal.  But I was pretty surprised on the lack of bowling lanes.  Considering the size of the place I thought there would have been more lanes.  We got a phone call about 2 hours later for a lane, but by that point we were watching the band and didn't want to bowl anymore.  Drinks here are reasonably priced and pretty strong.  The food was awesome.  Get the fried chicken, it's unbelieveable.  We also had the fries and collard greens with bacon which were both excellent.  I'm usually not a fan of collard greens but i couldn't stop eating it.   One thing that most people probably enjoy here is the beer selection, but that was their weak point for me.  They have a ton of Brooklyn Brewery Beers, some six point, and some other local beers, but no coors light, bud light, or miller light.  I know, i'm a big pussy, but i enjoy the lighter beers.
Bowling with the homies! This place exceeded my expectations! WillyB is known to be hipster so everytime someone mentioned Brooklyn Bowl, I wanted to roll my eyes. Clients ask to be taken here and they were! Upon walking in, you feel like you've walked into a dark carnival... with a cover charge. Fee is dependent on who's playing there that night. I didn't mind though, artists deserved to be paid! Besides enjoying the cosmic bowling, we also enjoyed margaritas (regular and strawberry, both great!), calamari, hummus, fries, and fried chicken. The FRIED CHICKEN was OUT OF THIS WORLD! Probably the best I can remember in NY that reminded me of the South. Would definitely come here again with friends or for an event. Sure, it's  a little pricy but you get what you pay for!! Plus who doesn't enjoy bowling and music?
I'm pretty surprised by the 5 star reviews. A group of us decided to come here on a Saturday night 6/28/14, but this place really put a damper on our night. I'll get straight to the issue. The management is extremely anal. And that's an understatement. My boyfriend and I walked in hungry for dinner and asked to be seated but said that two friends of ours would be joining us in twenty min or so. The hostess said she can't seat an incomplete party. (Normal so far, I can understand that). So then we said alright, well can you just seat the two of us? She agreed but sadly sat us awkwardly at a the food bar (not the dinner seating we had hoped). We waited fifteen minutes before anyone took our order. Once our food came our friends arrived. There was a nice booth open 2 ft from where she had sat us at the bar and we figured we could sit there now that our party was complete. The hostess came over to us and said she couldn't do that. Her exact words were "I'm sorry I can't sit incomplete parties." So I continued to reply with, "But we are complete, this is all of us, we'd like to sit together right there in that booth" pointing to the booth that was two feet away from us. But she said a firm no. It was pretty illogical. There was no wait for seating, so why could she not seat us there? So sadly, the four of us had to eat and drink all facing the bar (not very nice for talking to one another...) An hour later after spending over $150 in drinks and $60 in food, we decided to continue to order. However, the bartenders and management were not having that. A member of the staff approached us and said "I understand you wanted to order more drinks, but we can't serve you if you're not eating anymore. I'm going to have to ask you to move to the bar over there." We replied with, "So simply because we've finished eating the food you cannot serve us another round?" mind you, there was no shortage of seats at the bar or food area at all. "He said yes I'm sorry." So my friend replied with, "So you're telling us you cannot allow us to continue to spend money at the bar?" and the guy said yes. I'm not really sure what place cuts you off based on rules such as "must literally be chewing to order drinks even though you already ate food here, now we must move you". I've never been to such an anal place in my life. When we went to get car keys from our friends who were bowling a bouncer promptly stopped us. We explained that we just needed to get car keys from his brothers to get something out of the car. Thankfully the bouncer finally cracked and let my boyfriend grab keys from his brother. (What kind of place is this.....) Lastly, make sure you exit through the left side, god forbid you exited through the right. The bouncers outside will make sure you do so. At first glance, it all just seems as though they are keeping things "orderly" my only problem is how much they stuck to the rules at the expense of losing many customers who live in the neighborhood as well our money that evening. Why deny a complete party an open table right in front of you? Why deny them drinks at a bar where they just spent well over $200? Why so many strict rules? It was an awful experience. And I'll be sure to tell anyone who asks to avoid this place if you want to have a fun night.
My friends and I attempted to get into this place many months ago. But we came on a Saturday night and was told the wait would be over 2 hours so we decided we didn't want to wait that long just to bowl. Not to mention there was a cover charge after 6pm. So we tried again yesterday. We got there around 4 and didn't have to pay for a cover but we still ended up waiting for 2 hours! They don't let you reserve lanes. The bowling itself is fairly standard. The theme is a sort of throwback to the 60's so the music is old stuff and there were some people who came dressed in retro. There is a full menu that was pretty good, as well as beer from Brooklyn Brewery next door. There are only about 18-20 lanes which is why the wait gets so long. But they do have a concert stage and if you come for bowling on a night when they have a performance then you get to watch that also. Bottom line: this is a bowling alley that wants to be a venue more than a real bowling alley. So go ahead and try it out once but for myself, I doubt I'll be returning.
They don't sell pbr at the gutter. Maybe people who go there - you know - like bowling? And aren't out to mock anything? And I feel like that's pretty rich for you to say in your review of hipsters.. oh i mean your review of Brooklyn Bowl. It does look nice in there, but it looks like many other bowling alleys in New York, which seem like they're trying to make you forget that you're bowling. And with only 40-per-hour prices, and no per-game or discount rates like at the gutter, it can be pretty expensive for us members of the working class. (though thanks for helping me mock myself)
?UESTLOVE'S SOUL-TRAIN THEMED DJ SETS EVERY THURSDAY EVENING. A couple bucks to enjoy his brilliance up close and personal. My favorite experience in New York, hands down!
Is it a bowling alley?  Concert hall?  Night club?  Restaurant? Bar? YES! Located just off the Williamsburg Bridge, this diamond in the rough is simply sensational. Serving up dynamite food--not just by bowling alley standards--this has instantly become one of my favorite spots in NYC. There are only about 20 lanes, but it hardly matters. Where else can you bowl, while stuffing your face with outrageous cuisine, while taking in a live concert, watching sports and just flat out partying all at the same time??? For those not bowling, there are separate sections for the bar and restaurant tables that still allow you to take in all of the action. The prices for both food and drink are reasonable, and the staff is friendly and attentive. Bowling is offered at a flat hourly rate per lane, with pricing that varies depending on "demand." I can't wait to return!
For a place that is named "Brooklyn Bowl" you would imagine that there would be more then 16 lanes. We came here with a group of 8 at about 8:30 on a Saturday. They told us it would be about a 3 hour wait which seemed crazy to me. We decided to drink and enjoy the music until we were called. We even went to sit down and get some food, which was not really that good in my opinion. They even sent back the sloppy joes because they tasted weird, according to the the 2 guys that ordered them. Anyways we ended up leaving because the wait was def too long and not worth it. The crowd was mostly hipsters and the usual williamsburg crowd. I really don't think I will be back.
Man, this place is all kinds of cool. Brooklyn Bowl is truly the Manbearpig of nightlife. Part-bar/restaurant, part-bowling alley, part-live concert venue. Excelsior! The crowd is diverse, eclectic, and chill. There's plenty to do, no matter what your style. For my money's worth, landing a lane at the not-unpricey bowling alleys while live music is blaring in the background is priceless. Most folks show up early to get in a drink or three, or grub out (the fried chicken, though I didn't try it, was said to be spectacular). Being next to Brooklyn Brewery, that's the main rub. There are two bars, including the larger of the two directly across from the stage. Once the music starts, rock out or bowl out. Your choice. The setup is fantastic. The place is clean. The decor is fancy-cool. The service is friendly and efficient. And options abound. What's not to like?
Went for the bowling, stayed for the beer! Headed over to Brooklyn Bowl to bowl a few games and had a great time.  The bowling was great even if the scores were not so high.  I really liked their draft beers...a lot of stuff from Brooklyn Brewery including a delicious pale ale. Didn't have any food but the people at the next lane did and they seemed to enjoy it.  I probably would not eat while bowling though because the lanes are really waxed so every time you pick up your ball, your hand gets kind of waxy.  Great venue, would be great to come back and see a show or go to the restaurant.
Love this venue.  Great place to see great music, have a great meal, drink great beer ... and bowl.  The mixture, combined with the warehouse sized space, creates the atmosphere of a fun party where you are milling about, bumping into old friends and meeting new ones while grooving to whoever is playing on stage.  Even the musical acts love to come and play here.  Most recently saw the Greyboy Allstars.  Everybody was smiling and having a good time.  Just great vibes all around.
Cool music venue - cool decor. There's a bowling alley bar and restaurant too! Great for groups!   Ordered veggie kabobs, pretty good! Looks like they have a great dessert menu
I generally do not go to Brooklyn unless there is a family event or a close friend is having a gathering. We took a taxi from Columbus Circle and headed over the 59th street bridge for a very short trip to Brooklyn Bowl. The area was very quiet and there was a bunch of warehouses around. I ind of knew what to expect because I had been reading reviews all week. We get there and we stand on a short line that never moved! A couple of guys in front of us told us to walk up to guest list and will call line and say we are on Neil Armstrong's list lo and behold you're in! The crowd was definitely a Brooklyn hipster crowd. There were 5 different djs playing 90s hip hop and it was amazing. We didn't make reservations so there was a 2 hour.
Saw Dark Star here last night and had a great time. Great venue for music. Crowd was fun and the beers and burger were pretty good. Shoe string french fries very tasty and crispy. Bowling is $20 per half hour and you have to pay $5 to rent shoes which is kind of wack if you ask me. Also tickets were sold out online so they said they would be available at the door but once you buy the ticket you cant leave so your trapped, just beware and get your tickets early. All in all very fun spot.
I primarily come here for Quest Love Thursdays. He plays anything from soul train old school to the best hip-hop/r&b/soul. I always have a good time! I don't mind the $10 cover charge either. Quest Love comes on at 11pm, but when I do come a little earlier, there's always a live band performing if you're interested in some new music/new bands. Can't go wrong! However, it may get pretty packed depending on the band. Wait time to get a bowling lane can range anywhere from 30 min to 1hr, and they charge you by the 1/2 hour. I believe it's $5.95 for shoe rental. Interior is circus themed, and the dance floor is huge w/ a pretty disco ball up top. The restaurant serves blue ribbon fried chicken, yum! Love the honey dipping sauce. Rock & roll fries includes gravy & cheese. Burgers aren't too shabby either. You can also order food while at your bowling lane. Beer is cheaper by the pitcher, serving all local brewery beers.
Can I just quit my job and move into Brooklyn Bowl and live there? Do you think anyone would really have a problem with that? Brooklyn Bowl has a neon-at-night, multi-colored lights, carnival feel that has been successfully injected into a converted Williamsburg warehouse. I seriously seriously love the decor here. Maybe because it reminds me of the skull mine-cart level in SNES' Donkey Kong 2 - Diddy's Kong Quest and I feel nostalgic. Maybe because it's just universally appealing. Obviously, it is universally appealing, as there's usually a long (hour+) wait to get a lane. But I don't care, because I can pregame at the bar, or give them my mobile number and go walk around Williamsburg. There is a restaurant in the front, but I have never tried it. They have a bar food menu available at the lanes though if you're hungry. The bowling itself is retro but current at the same time. They have giant TV screens above the lanes and neon bowling balls. They have throwback bowling shoes, but they're clean. There is no shortage of balls (ha). Scoring is electronic. And every time I go there, I have seen a band playing. Not just a 4-piece whiny hipster guitar band, but a full sax, trumpet, trombone, guitar, bass, drum kit, background swayers, ENSEMBLE. I went a few times on a Sunday, and heard a Latin band playing a salsa-fied cover of TV on the Radio's "Wolf Like Me." This place puts Bowlmor to shame. I can't wait to go back.
I would be a fan, If I was a millionaire, not a student.  The drinks are kind of expensive, but bowling would make me broke here, within an hour.  It is beautiful inside I feel like I am in Aspen or something but it is just out of my price range.  Otherwise very nice and those who can enjoy it, go be merry!
Cool place. Experience the Brooklyn way!
Here it is the new Hotspot of Williamsburg.  Its becomes increasingly popular lately as they are opening venues in Vegas and London Great venue tons of space, cool layout.  Def a good time here.   They usually have tons of shows so be prepared to pay cover.   The bowling set up is cool also with elevated area to the side.   Have bunch of authetic beers on tap from Bk Brewery.  Prices are like manhatten. Has lil something for everyone here.  Just fried food here and the fried chicken is truly amazing.  Def try it with their home made hot sauce too.  So fresh and juicy def worth the wait to get seated.  They also have amazing appetizers like the corn and deviled eggs, both def worth a try. Overall, great spot to come hang out & eat as well.
I had a great meal here while in DC.  My boss and I shared a crab cake which was really fresh and had an amazing sauce incorporated into it.  I ordered the pan seared salmon which came with pureed potatoes, a  creamy sauce and crab lumps. It was scrumptious!  My boss had the steak with fries which had a lovely presentation and was equally tasty as it was attractive.  I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in DC.
BE PREPARED TO SPEND MONEY!          LOTS OF MONEY! The GOOD: The food is amazing. Fried Chicken, Mac and Cheese. Everything. The atmosphere is very festive with a band playing and the dim lighting in the space. It is very loud and the enjoyment of bowling coupled with the band makes you lose a sense of time. The NOT-SO-GOOD --- Well oiled "money grabber" Brooklyn Bowl is really all about taking your money and the CHILLY CUSTOMER SERVICE lets you know that. First, they get ya at the door for the band fee. Then the fee for the lane is priced by "the half hour." It take about 70 minutes for a party of 5-7 to bowl 10 frames but you are CHARGED for the 90 minutes. On Sunday night from 8pm lanes are 1/2 price, but "YOU HAVE TO ASK FOR IT." They have a don't ask, don't tell which is very sneaky. They also charge your credit card a dollar for reserve although they say they don't. The BOWLING AREA is really, REALLY CRAMPED, although the space itself is cavernous. You are literally ON TOP OF YOUR NEIGHBOR and fellow bowlers. The table that the food is placed on is just too small for both parties to share. And, in our case the "dudes" next to us ATE OUR FOOD while everyone was distracted. SUMMARY --- Be prepared as an individual to SPEND about $50-$60 MINIMUM. The over stimulation of music, the bowling, the drinking with dim lighting is design to make you "lose a sense of time" and spend MORE, MORE, MORE If you're kool with CHILLY SERVICE, EXPENSIVE FOOD/DRINK, CRAMPED BOWLING AREA then Brooklyn Bowl is for you.
Great place for a good time. Seems like there is always something going on, I especially like the live music on weekends while I'm bowling. The beer selection is solid. Bring a group and enjoy.
Brooklyn Bowl might make my head explode. It seems that for every element I like about Brooklyn Bowl, there is an equal and opposite element I don't like about Brooklyn Bowl. Like - Blue Ribbon. The food is great! We split a Greek pizza. It comes on French bread and is delicious. I had a Nutella and bourbon shake that was amazing! Dislike - The bathrooms are upstairs. I do not like walking upstairs every time I have to pee! Like - Yummy local beer on tap Dislike - Not much space to sit Like - Bowling. I LOVE bowling Dislike - That the wait to get a lane is always so flippin long! Like - Having everything under one roof: great food, great drinks, bowling, and semi-decent live music Dislike - Paying a cover charge to get in. Look, I'm going to spend a ton of money on food, drinks, and bowling. Just let me in for free, seriously. Like - Nice private couches on each bowling lane, and how only people who are currently bowling are allowed in the bowling area. Dislike - The weird shoe rules? That everyone seems to understand except me? Like they bring out your bowling shoes in a basket. You are supposed to put your real shoes in the basket while you bowl? And they take the basket away? Until you tell them you are done? Maybe I didn't get that right, I dunno. How hard would it be to have a little printed card that tells you these rules or something? I'm not educated in trendy bowling etiquette. Anyways, they lost our shoes for a little bit... we were sitting there, waiting, and they come and are like, "You guys need to get off this lane." "Um, we need our shoes..." They found our shoes and we got a free pitcher of beer. But it kinda sucked because we were leaving by then, and had to chug down this beer. Overall, I'm not too cool with the vibe of this place. It seems like it's filled entirely with people from Manhattan who probably rarely come to Williamsburg.
Wow this place is fun. Been hearing about it for ages, but never found a chance to go until recently. While I didn't come to bowl, I did come for beer and the Blue Ribbon food. First off, HOLY MOLY the fried chicken is one of the best things I've had in my life. Especially with the honey drizzled on top. A light breading that was so full of flavor, plus big meaty pieces of chicken. Our group went to town on the chicken, calamari, disco fires, and corn. Oh, and we had some beer too (Six Point and Weiss were the better ones I had).As for live music, it's enjoyable, but I think I'd prefer to go on a night that there wasn't any. I don't usually like paying cover charges unless it's an act I'm really looking forward to, but I'd make an exception for Brooklyn Bowl. Crowd was a mix of hipsters and yuppies, which was probably due to the night's musical act (Michael Jackson tribute band), but you can take it as you want. Crowd's a crowd no matter where you go. Definitely coming back here ASAP, and hopefully I'll get a chance to bowl.
what a fun place to people watch. i went when Gold Fields played but had to pay $12 cover to get in (so heads up if you go on a night when a band is playing). Bowling is fun but also pricey - $25/half hour for as many people as you want, but the more people you have, the less likely you are to finish a game in 30 minutes. $5 Shoe rentals are required for everyone though, even if you are wearing sneakers. We had to wait a little over 2 hours to get a lane, though it's nice that they call your cell phone when it's your turn. overall, i loved the laid-back ambiance of the place, the bathrooms are huge and clean, and there was NO LINE for the girl's bathroom each time i went. i'm in awe.
Pins on strings? Really??
After a day of eating we needed to do something active. Something I can humiliate and defeat her in. Bowling sounds like a sport she'd suck at. Since it was during the day, there were a lot of annoying high school kids. Kids taking selfie pics with duck lips all over the place.  We waited for our lane about 20 minutes. Once called, grabbed our shoes and hit the lane. I was about to coach her on what to do given she said she hasn't played much but that's where the nightmare occurred. Strike, spare, Strike.. Wtf??? Hustler. She played on a HS varsity team. Atmosphere is nice. $50 for the hour, shows and with drinks came to $75. Pricey but you pay for the location and the good music.
+5 stars for the space: Staff was friendly and security lax, had a bag which is nice at a concert to an extent. Blue Ribbon eats + Brooklyn brews is a great mix, with awesome service, good preshow tunes and a nice stage area. The atmosphere near the performance area was refreshingly chill, despite the heat, and it was easy to manuever to the front of the GA space. The egg shooters were phenomenal and the Bourbon St. Shake with nutella (it was news to me I ordered non-virgin) was strong yet delicious, albeit expensive. This may have angered me had I paid for my ticket. A bit off the beaten path even for BK and a nice walk from the trains, but well worth it. Would love to introduce more friends to this joint, whether there was a show or not. -1 star for the show: Hipster punks (none of which I assume were carded, as at most "21+ only" events for which you can purchase tix online) in matching olive green beanies ruined the experience for all those to the right of the stage near the front, but eventually we were all desensitized to their antics. Acoustically it was bearable once the snare was adjusted and the bowling was mentally reinterpreted as white noise. That's not to say it was good or underwhelming, as I felt my water Bottle Shake When I Picked it up. Sound tech either didn't know their job or the space, as I couldn't make out a word of the music; need to turn down the bass and up the treble...
I'm in love with this space. Have only seen concerts here, but am so impressed. The place is BIG. Multi-level, bowling and bars and concert area. The drinks are strong, and as I recall not prohibitively expensive. They have great acts come through here on the reg. Most recently saw Bassnectar, and am going to Delhi to Dublin tomorrow night. Here is the best part - even in the midst of a concert, while the front gets crowded, there is always room in the back, near the bar, to mill around. It never gets packed to the gills, which is so refreshing. And it's somewhat near my house, so I can drink on the walk over. Wiiiiiiiin.
Bowling and Music review, combined. *Warning: Not real bowling* 1. Pins are attached to strings and do not remotely have real pin action. Unbelievably disappointing for the amount of money I was spending. Sometimes you don't get marked for pins that go half-way down and sometimes pins go down which absolutely shouldn't. 2. Do not bowl in small groups. Ridiculously expensive. $20 per half hour, marked only by half hours. If you go over by 1 minute you get charged an extra half hour. I bowled 2 games in 45 minutes, playing at a steady rate, and with the shoe rental charge, it came to $60. And then The unnecessary bowling staff expect a tip. If you are in a group of 8, are getting drunk and don't give a crap about bowling, fine. You may have fun and will have an uncrowded view of the band. But either way, do not come for a real bowling experience. 3. Very annoying staff constantly hovering over you and coming over to tell you when you are about to go over your half hour and asking you if you want to stay or go. Felt like I was on "Deal or no Deal." No Deal! They got in my face to announce that they brought us over a glass of water too. Stay away from me and my date, please. It is ok if you are in large groups and are in need of beer & food though. 4. They need to hold a credit card when you bowl or sit down to order dinner, even if using cash. They are afraid you might run off with the bowling shoes or do a dine and dash, I guess. Feels like you are being held hostage to some degree. Doesn't give you a warm feeling at all. I made the mistake and blew a lot of cash here.  If I set up plastic pins in my apt and bowled there it would have seemed as much like real bowling, but it would have been free. It won't happen again. As far as music goes, great bands, but the place gets so horribly crammed that you won't want to be there unless you like that sort of thing. Very uncomfortable. I am giving three stars for the bbq wings, beer and musicians combined, which are all excellent. The french bread pizza was lousy. The place is a tight fisted money-raking operation; A far cry from the way The Wetlands operated in NYC. It's very Ironic that they showed Lebowski here on the screens last week. The Dude would definitely call bs on this place and I'm afraid how Walter would react to seeing a pin go half-way down because it's hanging by a string and not get marked as down.
went here to listen to a dj set by solange - good music and plenty of room to dance b/c this place is huge!  i love the space and the way its set up...it definitely flows and having a bowling alley next to a loungey sit down area, with options to eat, and then a huge dance floor, AND a stage for live music is hard to have all in one spot.  But brooklyn bowl does it right - also, being 1 stop from 14th and 1st is definitely nothing to laugh at. win.
I came on a Thursday night recently to catch ?uestlove having been a huge Roots fan for years. While waiting, a mostly brass band (whose name I forget) kept the crowd entertained.  At first I was kind of bored with them, but the finale, a song called 'Dirty Old Man' sung by a guy who had to be in his 70s, had the crowd roaring and 20-something girls rushing the stage to grind with this guy.  I want him to adopt me and teach me the ways. While waiting for ?uestlove I switched from beer to G&T.  I asked for a double and was told they couldn't make me a double.  I begrudgingly paid my $8 and went back to my friend.  Upon first sip though, I was pretty stoked to find that a 'single' G&T contained at least 2-3 oz of alcohol.  At $8 it was a steal.  Thanks Mr Bartender. My only disappointment was with the guy I came to see.  I'd heard so many great things about Bowl Train and ?uestlove's selection of music from all different eras and genres.  But for the 90 minutes between when he started his set and when I left, it was like hip-hop's greatest 2007 hits.  He even played T.I.'s 'What You Know About That' twice in the first hour.  Don't get me wrong, I loved the music, but I could hit any crappy Vancouver bar on a Saturday night and hear most of the stuff he played.  I was expecting more. Awesome venue though, and if I'm in Williamsburg again on a Thursday night I'll certainly give this another try.
DO YOU LOVE BOWLING? Well there are better places to do so. In fact I don't know many people who come here to bowl. If you look at most of these reviews, people mention how they have never bowled here. I wasn't as fortunate. I paid some awful amount of money for an uneventful time bowling here. Not the greatest way to start off a positive review but as others mention there are great things to have at a Brooklyn Bowl event. Lets start off with the grub. Blue Ribbon is the house! So tasty! So good. I love it all. When I ordered my brisket sandwich I was informed I was allowed to substitute my salad for collard greens with bacon for free. Who was this angel? Why was she being so kind to me? I may have cried a little bit in the moment. The tears went well with my meal. The french bread pizza is on point, what you've come to know and love as child who made an amazing discovery in the freezer, but tastier and a little unhealthier. If you've eaten at Blue Ribbon, you know the rest. The drink selection is good, not great and a bit pricey. That is one of the knocks on the place. They are a bit expensive for it's surrounding neighborhood. Usually charging a over because of the live acts. The crowd isn't always the best. A bit of a touristy vibe and some douchebags. You can usually have a better time at The Gutter, near by. While The Gutter has positives over Brooklyn Bowl, better crowd, bartenders, drinks and prices, Brooklyn Bowl has some tricks up it's sleeve as well. As mentioned the food is phenomenal. You also have to give it up to the fact Brooklyn Bowl just acquires better acts. The bands and musicians that preform at Brooklyn Bowl are a tier above. Most recently I saw Badfish there, the Sublime cover band, it was a great show. So in the end, Brooklyn Bowl has a flaw or two but it's still a great place to check out.
I think I love this place specifically because it seems so incongruous and destined to fail.  It's the sort of place you mention to other people, and they just look at you weird, like you've gone off your rocker.  A bowling alley...in Brooklyn...that serves amazingly good food...and is a music venue...that actually books really good acts...and the sound quality is good, even though it's a huge open space with people bowling *during* the show...and with friendly bouncers too???  It's crazy, right?  I wouldn't believe it.  But there you have it. The menu here is really good, though a bit on the pricy side.  Then again, I can't think of any other music venues with food half this good.  And I certainly can't think of any bowling alleys with food one-tenth this good.  This *might be* my favorite mac n cheese in the neighborhood.  Dumont used to have that designation, but I feel like Dumont's quality has slid ever since they opened Dumont Burger 4 or 5 years ago. My only real gripe with here (aside from the priciness) is that some of the folks working behind the bar are a bit daft.  You can tell that for some of them this is probably their first service industry job, and when it gets slammed in here (which it often does) they just can't hack it.  However, I've also noticed that this is less the case more recently (as opposed to when they first opened).  I complained to the owner about some of the employees behavior a while back...and who knows, maybe it did some good?
Pretentious and expensive. Full of fake hipsters. This place sucks.
I attended the SoulLive concert here and had an awesome time. Lucky me, I got one of the last tickets and was quickly ushered inside.  The bouncers were mildly pushy and I didn't understand why (after my wrist was stamped) I couldn't wait outside for my friend. Regardless, the space was packed on a Tuesday night but it didn't take too long to get drinks. The crowd was awesome and was a pretty decent concert venue.  Only negative was that short people will have trouble seeing the stage -_-
This is definitely a mixed bag.  I was hovering between 2-3 stars but really it's yelp's own definitions that stuck me on 2 stars.  Because I have definitely experienced better. Pros: Cute.  Very cute space, great ideas, great music.  Really nice audio setup, which isn't common at multipurpose spaces.  The bowling lanes are clean, the atmosphere is nice and the couches are comfy.  Great place to bring a group of friends.  Also, excellent local beer selection.  Super-friendly staff, very attentive and tolerant of a progressively tipsier group. Cons: The food is pretty meh.  I was expecting better for both the price tag and the pedigree, but nothing really got me too excited.  Especially the barbecue sauce on the brisket.  WEAK.  Kraft?  Perhaps.  The margaritas also were a bit heavy on the sour mix and a bit light on the booze.  Not happy. Biggest con:  We went for a friend's birthday party.  We brought about fifteen people.  We went through several pitchers.  We spent a LOT of money.  We brought a cake with us.  They cut the cake for us and brought us some paper plates.  Very nice of them.  Until we got the bill... and learned that their "cake fee" was THIRTY DOLLARS.  Thirty dollars for you to cut a reasonably sized cake up into fifteen pieces and toss it on paper plates?  Are you for real?  You're really going to do that after we spent several hundred dollars? It's a nice idea, guys, but the nickel-and-dime-ing really makes for a bad customer service move.
Huge portions, although expensive, but the best fried chicken ever and great atmosphere. Go for the live music and grab some grub!
Too expensive small French fries is almost $7.00 and to bowl is 50 an hour then a $10 door fee
I ain't visited a bowling alley like this before. BB takes the bowling alley concept to a new level of hang-out joint. It's an amazing fit-out; even though you can tell they've spent serious change on the place it's got a nice, relaxed, lived-in feel. As mentioned there's different zones for eating, drinking, dancing or bowling, although you can do almost whatever you want wherever you want; short of nudity/violence at least. $5 cover to see some great bands with plenty of room to dance or chillax, $uestLove from the Roots DJing there regularly, and a kick-ass beer selection including several limited Brooklyn Brewery releases (they're literally over the road). Oh, and great food too. The crowd is neither overly pretentious nor particularly blue-collar, and the place is vibing. It's pretty hard to have a bad time at the Brooklyn Bowl; get on down - you won't regret it.
place looked neat... but screw your expensive beers, shitty crowds and LONG wait just to bowl. and then the band we paid to see didnt even show up. awesome. go t to gutter bowl & got hooked up instead.
If you like Las Vegas,  you will love this place. I don't like Las Vegas. I have been in Williamsburg longer than this place and one thing is for sure, it in no way represents what this community used to be. So if you like shop at GANT, and pay for over priced Las Vegas style bowling this is your place.
Been here twice, and haven't bowled either times! That hasn't stopped the good times here though.  A huge space, with great food and a decent beer selection. First time here was dinner then a concert. You could hear the band great even while people bowled. Best time here was SantaCon '09. The entire place was filled with hundreds of Santas! Ok, so now finish reading this review. Go to Brooklyn Bowl and imagine it at 75% (or more) filled with Santas. That's the holiday spirt.
We came here for a concert. The stage area was good. Drink prices were reasonable but the drinks weren't consistent. Coat check was a disaster. I'd come back for a good concert though.
This place used to be ok. When it was a bowling alley. It's not anymore though. The bouncer told me so himself. "We are a VENUE, with a bowling alley." Well, la di da, sir bowling guy. Your pins are also on strings. So fuck you.
First off, I've never bowled here.  Can't afford to.  I only come here to catch cheap / free shows and hang.  If anything, the bowling has become more of a visual backdrop for the people-watching and live shows. This place is H-U-G-E!!!!  It's the biggest place around these parts (since Studio B closed down), so it's a sweet meeting spot for a big group.  Decent beers on tap, including a house ale for $4 and full bar. Kick ass AC. I come here to cool off and zone out over nature vids on the projection screen over a cold Bengali IPA. Save on your elec bill yo. Blue Ribbon menu? Not nearly as high-qual as their restaurants, but the Fried Chicken is insanely good. $25 is a hella expensive, but worth it if you're splurging with a friend.  Other food options are decent, somewhat overpriced but good in case of emergency. Great live shows roll thru here. Up-n-coming bands and DJ crews will often play free / almost free shows here. The lineups are totally random (but even Snoop played here), so just check the calendar and make sure who's playing before you go.
I should start by saying I didn't actually go to Brooklyn Bowl to...ahem..."bowl," but to instead try the latest addition to the relatively massive, impressive Bromberg Bros. Blue Ribbon culinary empire (say that ten times fast) that's nestled in this massive, multi-use space. That said, the thoroughly eye-poppin' Brooklyn Bowl undoubtedly deserves its due: housed in a giant restored warehouse along a once forgotten stretch of Wythe Ave. on the Greenpoint/Williamsburg divide, the joint itself is certainly impressive (dimly lit, cinematic even, one wonders how long it'll be before it shows up in an indie comedy, or perhaps it has) with 50'-ish ceilings, a bank of giant video screens (showing, most likely, a Jeunet film) a computerized-like DJ platform, a great big stage for shows, and yes, a pricey state of the art bowling alley. Given the current state of the economy, owners of nearby scuzzy-Midwestern-70s-bowling-alley-concept-bar Gutter that opened not long ago at a rumored priced tag of around $1 million just around the corner must clearly be thrilled at the competition.  And since Brooklyn Bowl is brought to you by the same folks who ran the old NYC jam-rock standby The Wetlands, it's fittingly the only fully "green" club in the US.  (Or so they say--who's gonna check out that claim, anyway?)  They also have shows with bands like Gov't Mule on the bill, which may or may not be your cup of tea.  (This is the nicest way I can put it.) But enough back story, by now y'all want the straight dope on the chow, I 'spect: I went with a few friends on a frigid November Monday, early in the evening, and while the place was almost empty, it still crackled with what sounded like a fair amount of bowling fun on the lanes, and a Seeds number rumbled from the speakers.  (The music got a lot, lot worse, though--tepid, later Stevie Wonder gave way to bad mash-ups, but again, I wasn't there for the tunes.)  My suspicion--quickly confirmed by others who'd been there on the weekend/while a show was going on--is that it could get as crowded (and fun) as the last cruise ship out of port at the outbreak of a Mediterranean civil war.   The restaurant (the aforementioned Blue Ribbon concession) is comprised of a cluster of heavy, dark wood booths around a pleasantly understated bar in one large corner of the joint, far enough from the alley to shield yer ears from excess pin clattering, but close enough that you know you're in, you know, a bowling alley.   The menu is a lot of fun to look over--even the steam-punky type face is quirky but not obnoxious--with a serious emphasis on comfort food: fried chicken, ribs, catfish sandwiches, mac and cheese--several dozen options and sides that all looked pretty--or pretty damn--good.  (This is what I like about most of the Blue Ribbon joints--the menus, even at the fancy ones--are big but not fussy, and make you excited to get your food.)  Of course these aren't quite bowling alley prices--this is Blue Ribbon we're talking about, after all--so as appetizing as everything was, I skipped a starter and went straight for a $14 Catfish sandwich.  While not the big ole plate of food I'm accustomed to from traveling regularly in the south, it was tasty, served on a real nice fresh baked roll, with a decent tartar sauce and a passable side of fries.  (I'd swapped out my greens for 'em.)  Other dishes at the table--fried chicken, pulled pork sandwiches--were eaten quickly and without complaint.   I was, however, more than a bit disappointed with the beer selection--while there was the usual assortment of fancy and local microbrews, not a single bottled brew is available.  To make things worse, out of the three different varieties from the taps my pals and I ponied up for, a grand total of--you guessed it--three of them were either flat or watery.  (I have a longstanding gripe with draft beer--one that I will fight you to the death over, with the exception of a properly poured Guinness, that is--and contend that it's almost always lousy, and, like fountain sodas at the movie theaters, a way for The Man to make a killing on an inferior product.) The service was casual, pleasant and mostly plenty attentive (although I was surprised that our waiter missed several opportunities to offer us another beer, although some might say this means service wasn't pushy, which is an AOK trade-off by me.)  I wonder if this might change if the place was in full swing on a Friday night. In short, I'd return for the admittedly fun ambience, to try some other stuff on the menu, maybe even one of the $9-$15 desserts (didn't see the famous, utterly mindblowing Blue Ribbon Chocolate Bruno on the menu, though, which I'd prolly pay that much for).  Also, I'd be hoping that the music might be a tad better (BB DJs: stick to Danger Mouse or even Girl Talk for mash-ups, and always opt for Little Stevie Wonder over the mid-70s stuff, methinks.) Next time I might even bowl a little, too.
BK Bowl is such an amazingly fun place! Bowling is expensive, heads up. But there's a serious novelty in being able to drink craft beers, eat great food, listen to live music and boogie all while bowling. The vibe here is so chill, I really am a huge fan. So glad it's in my hood! I especially love taking over the (empty) dance floor on Sunday nights (11 pm?) with my roommates. And getting free drink tickets because of our lack of shame. Guaranteed to have an awesome time here!
One of my highlights staying in Brooklyn. A friend was showing us around and brought us here. Cover was just five bucks and I got to catch The Naked and the Famous! The next time I go back, I'm bowling. The alleys are on another floor and you can watch performances from there. The space is huge and unique and it doesn't take long to get in.
A few weeks ago we went to celebrate my friend Christian's Bday. What better way than a bowling party. Drinks were satisfactory, the beer was amazing fresh and even better Cream City Ale is on tap. We enjoyed their BBQ wings and Fries. Overall great experience,decent bar grub and the music( live bands and guest  DJ'S) and vibe is INCREDIBLE! We had a blast and definitely will be visiting again shortly! Oh and make sure u bring enough cash..could get pricey very quickly!
3.5 stars Cool spot to chill. Food from blue ribbon = genius. Wasn't pleased with the margarita (maybe the strawberries they used were bitter?). Tip: ask for some pickles and dressing (the kind they use for the smoked wings) to go with an order of fried chicken. Went for a salsa night. It wasn't well attended but I had fun. Second time going we ordered the Mac and Cheese with smoked chicken and peas. Chicken got lost in the flavor of mac and cheese. Next time I would get the plain mac.
I would give the food 4 stars!!!  Fried Chicken goodness.  Mac N Cheese with perfectly melted burnt (but not blackened) crusty cheese on top, collared greens, ribs OMG...sooo good. BUT we came early.  We were there before the crowds.  We reserved our name for two lanes of bowling WAAAAY before anyone else did.  We also checked in with the people every 15 minutes there on after for TWO hours straight and we STILL did not get a lane. Then the manager had the nerve to ask us what would it take for us to leave the table that we were occupying WHILE WAITING FOR YOUR BOWLING LANES!!! $7 Entrance fee for subpar music and no bowling?  Yes your food is good, but figure out a better way of servicing your patrons, especially those who have been waiting.
Back again as usual and the food was great and the service was outstanding. If I can only have this service and food everywhere I go see live music I would be in Heaven .
Who doesn't like deliciously. golden friend chicken? This place is pretty awesome.  I know some folks frown upon boutique bowling alley's but, this one rises above. With it's cool decor, delicious drinks and sprawling space, Brooklyn Bowl is the go to spot for food, entertainment and bowling. I was in attendance for Rare Forms' Donuts Are Forever 8 Party. The food was fast and delicious.  I ordered a Chicken meal.  The menu boasts other delicious items for a wide range of tasting palates. I will say that Brooklyn Bowl, should really revisit their seating policy. On this night the waiting time for a table was 2.5 hrs.  I was informed that they had general seating found just before the restuarant portion but, was dismayed that it was being used by  non-eaters.  Maybe some general seating in the actual bar area?  IDK. The server did her best navigating in the otherwise packed space. Will dine again.
Came to Brooklyn Bowl for a live performance this Friday and, although I thoroughly enjoyed the music, I was overwhelmed by the size and bustle of the place. First of all, the place is HUUUGE. Think two warehouses combined kind of huge. Given its size, you'd think Brooklyn Bowl would provide you with some elbow room, but it was a struggle to move around. After the show, we managed to snag a table (it was just 8 p.m.) and ordered some fried chicken (which we heard is to-die-for). Soon, there were people swarming around us, knocking in to us as we tried to eat. Although the chicken was good, I wasn't blow away by the spice mix. The mashed potatoes, however, which were doused in butter, were scrumptious. We were hoping to do some bowling, but unfortunately, we had failed to make a reservation and were told that it'd be several hours before a lane would be available. FAIL. Oh well, at least we'd gotten some fried chicken. Overall, this place is just too impersonal for my liking and tries to do too many things: eatery, bowling alley, bar, music venue. The result is a bit of a mess....
bowling. bar. beautiful babies. go for the music, go for the food (blue ribbon kitchen closes at 330am) go for the bowling. GO.
This is a review for a private event we hosted at Brooklyn Bowl. We decided to have post-wedding bowling and comfort food instead of the traditional next-day brunch. We're kind of quirky like that and so are our friends. Every aspect of the planning went smoothly, and once we got there, the staff was super attentive and competent. They gave us the lanes down at the end of the alley, so we felt secluded and like we were at a private event. The food was spectacular and replenished often and as necessary. Our waitress noticed any time we were running low on anything and had it refilled without our having to ask. This freed us up to just be good hostesses. The danger in having an event like this is that you're paying per person/per hour of bowling. You can send invitations that say the party is from this time to this time and hope that the people that RSVP'd a.) actually show up and b.) show up on time, but it's tacky to have a clause that reads "We are paying real life money for you to be here for 4 hours, so try hard." We crossed our fingers and hoped hangovers, Williamsburg, and flakiness wouldn't keep people away. Brooklyn Bowl was so cool about this, though. They eyeballed our guests from moment to moment and approximated how many people we ultimately had over the 4 hour span, and charged us accordingly (at some moments, we might have had more than 40 people, and at other times, we had way fewer). They were more than fair. I won't tell you all of the things you already know about Brooklyn Bowl and that you can read here 1,000,000 times. It's just a great, fun, laid back vibe and it feels special, somehow. Many of our guests had never been there and were surprised by how good the vibe feels. The event was a skosh pricy, but brunch for 40 in a private space would have been pricy as well, and not even close to as fun as this was.
Items to note when hitting up Brooklyn Bowl - 1.) Recruit 6 - 8 bowlers this cuts down on the price dramatically! Anything less spells confusion for your pockets. 2.) Beef Brisket - FAB 3.) Fried Chicken - FAB the Remix 4.) Bring cab fare money if you are city-folker.  It's easy to watch time pass you by here because it's oodles of fun. 5.) Great Beer on tap but expensive.  It is New York so you should already know better 6.) Great place for the bday party or one of the celeb nights.  Different crowd than the usual annoying hipster.   That is all. It's worth the trip (bring friends with you!)
Made the mistake of going here for dinner on a sat night at midnight. Lol!! I had nooooo idea what I was getting into, which is a very cheesy very obnoxious night club with a restaurant in the middle. Service sucked, food was pretty good, I'll never go back unless I'm bowling. I guess that's the point, and I missed it by a long way, whoops.
Food is amazing, and you get to bowl while eating it. How lucky am I?
I would love to give Brooklyn Bowl 5 stars. :( Great artists are playing somewhat intimate  shows and the bowling lanes are great. They even have a very decent happy hour. So why the frowny face? Well, for anyone not living in Williamsburg, it's a huge pain where the sun never shines to get there. I actually refused photo assignment in this venue because I know that on a Saturday  or Sunday night, it will take me 2 hours to get home. It's such a heartbreak!
Surprisingly expensive for a bowling alley. $8.00 (with dollar tip) for a draft (Brooklyn Lager) beer and $11.00 (with dollar tip) for house white wine. Nice atmosphere and the staff is mostly nice, but their pricing is a bit out of line.
This will be a two part review. One for the concert venue and one for the food. Let's start with the concert venue. I'd  give it the four stars. It is a long room with a wall running down the one side and a bowling alley running along the other. Acoustics were not the best, as compared to say Union Transfer here in Philly but overall not bad. Sight lines are clean and you can really get close to the artists. I would definitely see another show here. Drinks are expensive but  it is New York. Can't understand why Brooklyn Brewery beers were $7 when the brewery is literally around the corner. They were actually hand trucking a delivery in while we were there. Didn't get to bowl but looks like it would be fun. Now on to the food. I would give it a two to three star. Don't believe the Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate, the fried chicken is not all that. It tasted of old grease. The fries also tasted like the chicken. The collard greens and the bbq beef were good but that's about all I can say. Service was with attitude and a bit slow. Next time I would eat elsewhere and come for the show.
Bowling is fun here. Not the biggest fan of this sport of champions but the environment with the live music, delicious beer and good people is the way to go. The place kind of fills up quickly so it's probably a good idea to get in before you want your lane and hang out by the bar or get dinner before you bowl. For dinner -- go with the fried chicken. Some of the best I've had. The pieces are pretty big so you don't need to get too many. Smother then in honey for ultimate tastiness.
This past Saturday my husband and I hung out with a couple of friends. They suggested this spot figuring we could grab a bite, have some drinks, & bowl. The place is huge. The crowd was diverse which provided entertainment in itself....lol. The food pretty good I had the smoked BBQ wings. The bowling........ well that was the downside. Apparently the waiting list is off the chain (especially on weekends). We got there about 7:30 ish, and left about 12am (w/o bowling). After going somewhere else to bowl My husband's cell rang @ about 1:30am (our lane was ready) lol. I'd go again but surely I'd make a reservation if I want to bowl. ( sorry I couldn't help w/ pricing ......never saw a check)
If you want to eat the most delicious fried chicken in the entire world, please take it upon yourself to visit the Brooklyn Bowl and feast upon their amazing recipe for this American classic. My friends and I had a late lunch here on Sunday and it was to die for. What we ordered: - The pulled pork sliders (3pc)- A lot of flavor, the meat was cooked just right and the side dish of pickled cucumbers were a nice addition to the meal. - Mac and Cheese with peas, chicken, artichoke topped with bread crumbs. No words besides perfection. - 33 piece Fried Chicken Entree- The chicken batter was so delicious, sweet, spicy and not too overpowering. The chicken was cooked to perfection, it was moist and packed with flavor. They also provide you with honey and hot sauce that tastes so good its unbelievable.   The only downside to BK Bowl is the pricing on the bowling and some of the food. Some choices are easier on your wallet than others but a game of bowling should not be $25 for 30 min. Just saying. We were too worried about not finishing on time to have fun while we were bowling. I'd go back for the chicken though.
This is by far the fanciest bowling venue ever!  It's one of those "been there done that" spot for me.  I'll stick to the bowling in Jersey City where it's not an arm and a leg for an hour and shoe rental. It definitely is an interesting set up with a concert space on one side, bowling lanes on the other and a bar area behind them!  Maybe next time I might check out a concert there.  Just maybe.
HUGE venue. Beautiful layout, the bathrooms are clean. Went to see a ska show here and the drinks were reasonably priced. There was a small cover, but it was worth it.
Don't sweat it, 3 seats at the bar open and the staff won't let a pregnant woman have a seat. Shame on you.
We went bowling on Friday even as I was leery hearing Fridays are packed and typically need a min party of 4 to get a lane and then only after 3+hours. Well after debating a $10 cover that we finally agreed to when they told us some bands would be playing. First reaction to the place when I walked in was that is huge. I just didn't think there was that much room behind the Brewery. Second was there were tons of people there, but it wasn't crowded. We tried our luck at getting a lane for only 2. Ends up it doesn't matter, it was $50 for the hour (the cost being the reason for the only star lost)... the party size wasn't a factor since its was a flat rate, just meant we'd get in 3 games. I love that it is attached to Brooklyn Brewery and had a couple of their randoms on tap. The food was really good, I ate until I almost barfed. Amazing fried chicken, collard greens and fries. It ending up about a 2 hour wait to get a lane. The band "The Honey Brothers" was fairly decent too, loved that they strayed from folk to punk and back. My bowling skills were anything but mad...I threw embarrassing scores, the wife didn't fair well either, but we had a blast doing it. So all in all a fun although costly night.
Overall, a fun venue to go hear music.  The catch is that if you arrive too early for an event, you have to pay extra if the other event is more expensive.  The drinks are expensive and weak.  The venue is far from the subway and a little remote.  I went to Questlove's DJ set and I didn't recognize a lot of the tunes, probably because he has an eclectic collection.  Overall, glad I went but wouldn't go back.
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn . I like the concerts , went there for my birthday. I totally enjoy. Not a lot of seats and it gets full fast. I suggest you have a ticket for the event before you get there. Oh and one drink goes a long way in here , the cup is huge!
We spent my birthday here and it is an awesome place, but the service is not as good. First they kicked us out of our table in the restaurant area when we were still enjoying our drinks. The food is awesome though. Second,  they kicked us out of the bowling section. I understand that in the remaining time we couldn't have played a whole game, but its' not like I got money back for the 30 minutes we didnt' get to play. I would rather have played half a game in those 30 minutes than pay to not play. Overall I was disappointed in the service, especially since it was my birthday. I am not sure I would go back unless I knew the service would be better.
Pretty good chill spot. Very eccletic and not high-end at all. A little advice, if you're trying to actually bowl come there early. Went there on a satuday night and the wait was 2-3 hours.
I write this review under pretense.  I used to be a serious bowler, a very serious bowler...like bowling in tournaments kind of bowler.  It was the competition that was fun for me.  It's difficult for me to have fun bowling if money isn't involved.  And it's really difficult for me to pay more than $2/game. Expect to spend a pretty penny when you're here.  They don't serve anything cheap.  Of course, with the Brooklyn address comes the hipster/transplant crowd.  Everyone in there is not from there (me for example).   But not all is bad. It's a cool place to watch a band or dj.  There are even a few benches to snag in case you don't want to stand in one place for hours.   Man I sound old...
This is a really cool, fun place that offers everything: live music, bowling, decent food, & plenty of booze. The space is huge (think warehouse) but nonetheless it is packed on a Saturday night. It's a great place for a party if you're willing to drop a lot of money -- the food/drinks/bowling are pricey, plus there's a $10 cover just to get in. The main thing though is that you have to be willing to wait. We had a lane reserved for 7 PM and we got there at 6:30, but had to wait until 11 to bowl. Luckily, the place is cool enough that we didn't mind waiting (too much). Get there early! If you get there after 8, you can expect not only to wait for a bowling lane, but to wait outside just to get in -- and the the line extends around the block.
What can I say this place is awesome beats, booze, grub and bowling not to mention ?uestlove on the 1&2's on Thursday's.  The bowl host many music acts, dj's, theme nights and oh yeah bowling.  The staff is cool, the space is cool and of course the bowling is fun.  Like other lanes the price of bowling, booze and food combined will work those pockets so beware.   Fun is what you make it, so make it!
So I attended the School Night concert last night but I refer to it as the High Highs concert. I was excited to see this group but their performance was extremely short for me to be coming out to the Burg for some 30-40 minutes. It takes me longer to get there. I live in Brooklyn and it still takes me an hour to get to the Burg. As soon as I stepped off the L train I was shoulder checked by some pompous dickwads who look completely through non hipsters like no one else exists. Let's not forget that you weren't always living in this area. This area did not consist of hippy dippy butt wipes... *end Williamsburg rant* I'm not a huge fan of this establishment as you can tell by my previous review but I really wanted to see High Highs and they are performing free. I'm in there. I invited some friends and we ordered drinks at the bar. I had the Brooklyn Bowl Rum Punch. It's very delicious. Definitely something to order if I step foot into BB again. Very sweet and fruity. $9 isn't bad for NYC and the glass was rather large. Since I watched the bartender make my friends whiskey and coke I asked her to be easy on the ice. Mess around and give me two swigs of drink for $9. I'll pass. They started setting up tables on the floor a little after 8. We sat down and drank. One of my friends ordered some wings. They were pretty spicy yet good. They didn't offer napkins or wet wipes. Some girl sitting at our table ordered some fried chicken or something. Had slices of bread (?) with it. She was given a buttload of napkins and wet wipes. Not sure why she had the wipes but still wondering why I had to part ways with my Kleenex in lieu of napkins. Kleenex just doesn't get the job done like wet wipes. Probably because it's not a napkin but tissue. I enjoyed seeing the group and another group may have found a new fan. I enjoyed my drink. The bathrooms are nice. Food was decent. Service was good and I came across nice employees. Biggest issue, two charges on my card that I didn't authorize. Waiting to see if it'll go through or drop off. TBC...
Lettuce was a five star performance. Oversold show, aggressive bouncers, coat check at capacity, and lack of anything special at the bar tempts me to give the venue two. On the other hand, the show was great, projection screens ensured everyone had a good view, the sound system was at an ideal volume, and best of all the industrial sized fans kept the temperature really comfortable. Pro Tips: -Printing your will call tickets will allow you to skip the line -If you're tall and coat check is at capacity, the speaker stacks make a great alternative
This place might just be a hipster's paradise. I don't qualify as a hipster, but this place holds up quite well to my standards. They do three things well: bowling, food and beer. They also have large screens for sporting events, which was a plus while I was there, watching the NFL playoffs. Some interesting things about this location. It is adjacent to the Brooklyn Brewery, and has some rare (and good) beer choices. The food is done by the folks from Blue Ribbon (sushi and steak, also in BK). On to what we are really here for, the food! Everything I tried was at least above average. Our group started with the fried chicken and a side of fires. The fries were small stringy things, and the serving size was small. The chicken was fantastic, my favorite part of the establishment. Crispy and well flavored with juicy meat, try it! We also split a burger, an oyster po'boy, and a BLT. On a Sunday afternoon, there was quite a wait to get a lane. We were there for over an hour. Luckily, beer (Brooklyn Blast and Kelso Nut Brown) and football kept me occupied. I may have to return for more beer and chicken!
I was there for the Jdilla Party and it was good!!! We had tickets so there was no waiting on line....big plus because its was soooo cold!  However, beacuse it was such a popular event the coat check was closed due to over flow. The space is large but it only has about 12-15 lanes to actually bowl on.  The rest of the space is a large dance floor, a stage, big azz bar and a restaurant.  Upstair are the "public" bathrooms  they werent the worse but of course not the best....but had enough stalls where the wait time was minimal or none:) The decor is like a saloon just missing the mechanical bull:) The drinks where reasonable price and good (which means nice a strong for me), also the bartenders were quick and eager to make those tips...thumbs up to the tenders!!!  The food situation at this particular event was strained only beacuase the amount of people.  They had first come first serve seating which really means the sections where people who actually dont really party take up space:)lol  We finally sat down to eat and the I have to admitt it was really good!!! the Burger and Fried chicken were A+. However, the service was less then par, but I don't blame the waitress for this.  It was the wack set up of first come first server section and some of the people in that section.  You could tell some people just did not give any F's and it showed.  Under the circumstances we still got our food quick and correctly.  I will go back because the food was good, ill just try to sit in the actually restaurant.
Great, great space off the Williamsburg waterfront. One of the cooler music venues in the city. Maybe my favorite. Saw Rebirth here a week ago and it was a fantastic environment. Good beer on taps and tasty bites with only minimal fleecing. We even bowled a few games, right by the stage. A highly recommended experience for anyone, but especially if your favorite band is going to be here.
Brooklyn Bowl seems to always be crowded, even on a Tuesday night. They serve some decent food, bands perform, and they have bowling. I've never been in a bowling alley that had the system that they have. The pins all have strings/wires connecting them instead of the typical type of pin setting mechanism. This means that the pins don't bounce and move the same as a normal bowling alley.
Really large venue complete with a stage/performance space, dance space, bowling and a bar/restaurant. I was here on a Saturday night with concert tickets and was a little annoyed at the long line, not sure what the holdup was. Door people were ok, and while there was a sign at coat check saying it was full, there was still a line so I think there was some confusion because you didn't have to wait on the line if you were picking up. Once that got squared away it was a little more manageable. They have a LOT of Brooklyn Brewery beers on tap, since the brewery is around the corner. The bar isn't huge for the space so there was somewhat of a wait. After the concert was a pop party, which quickly turned into a hip-hop party at which point we soon departed.
Great place for shows. Good food. Good beer. Lots of stimulation. Visual, Audible, Tasticular, and Tactile. For laid back bowling, go to the Gutter.
Loved the vibe here.  I prefer to go on a night when there's no performances because it gets pretty crowded.  The Southern food was amazing really loved the mac n cheese and fried chicken.  I don't suggest eating while bowling because it gets pretty greasy and unsanitary.
I came here with a friend last night to watch a former co-worker's band, and discovered an interesting space. For a bowling Alley, Brooklyn Bowl is nice. Their bar area includes a Blue Ribbon restaurant, and serves up some tasty fare. Since we got there a bit early and hadn't had dinner, we shared an order of pigs in a blanket over a couple of beers. Making our way over to the stage area, we chose to stand in the open space in the middle to watch. Because the venue is so big, a lot of the sound was lost to space, but it nonetheless was enjoyable. And if you make your way out here to bowl, you have made a good choice. Compared to the crowded- and expensive- lanes of Manhattan, it is well worth it.
So I don't know if this helps you understand the extent of my Brooklyn Bowl knowledge, but I live here, yes I sleep under lane 13. No but seriously I go here once every week, or once every other week so I know it pretty well. The bowling is awesome, though on some days it can take like 2 or 3 hours for a lane, the hot hipster men are plentiful, the Brooklyn Blast is cold and refreshing, and the food is delicious, fatty, and amazing(try the fish tacos---awesome)! The only thing I will say is that sometimes the sound system sounds a little awful, but only when there is live music....but that's relatively fixable, and to be honest after a few drinks---who cares? The service is kind of weird, some people rock and are super helpful, while some of the bartenders expect you to hop over the counter and pour yourself a Pilsner. Ehh--nothing is perfect! Ohh--and playing Planet Earth on the jumbo screen is trippy and awesome!
Great place for live music and hanging out! Will definitely have to come back to try the food and hang for a bit longer! Lots of fun and highly recommended!
This review is for a show I recently attended there on a Saturday night. Let me see what I remember from that night... Trying... Still trying... Ok now I something! This was a really fun venue with a chill atmosphere and crowd. The music was pumping while people were getting down on the dance floor and nearby others were having what seemed like a good time bowling. Drinks were also flowing. Would def recommend checking it out.
Okay, when Will R. told me this was more the "best" bowling alley he'd ever gone too, I thought to myself (well, bowling in New York is not like bowling in the midwest, thinking of both Bowlmor places in Manhattan as well as the Lucky Strike location by the West Side highway) but even I was not prepared for this place.   With a huge dance floor and live music space, twenty plus bowling lane with a large leather Chesterfield couch per lane, a full bar as well as a full dining area, this would actually be a perfect venue for a large corporate event fitting at least 500 people.  After playing two games of bowling while listening to the live Salsa band playing that night, Will R. and I managed to finish a pigs in blanket app, a melt in your mouth tender Brooklyn brisket entree with mash potatoes and perfectly cooked sweet corn on the cob and a sloppy joe to make all sloppy joes jealous.  To say the least, we barely managed to roll ourselves out the front door.   Prices for bowling are not cheap ($10 shoe rentals plus $40 per hour per lane).  Food and drink menus are reasonable given the offerings (plenty of Brooklyn draft beers and food that's as good as many of those hard to get into restaurants).  Overall, this may be the only way to deal with the impending Monday back to work trauma of a Sunday evening.
Came here unexpectedly after Miss Favela was overcrowded due to Carnaval Weekend.  The space is nice, clean and large.  This was a Saturday afternoon so there weren't too many people here yet.  I saw a mix of families and people in their 20s and 30s.  The one thing I can say is that the food is AMAZING.  Hummus is usually so boring but not here.  It's really, really good.  I also tried a friend's shrimp cocktail and had to order my own.  It was THAT GOOD.  How do you make shrimp cocktail that good?!?  Liked this place a lot.
Went for a friend's birthday. Incredibly overpriced. We had to pay $12 to get in, pay $4 to rent shoes, pay $100 to bowl. Drinks were weak and overpriced, and there was no food I could eat. The band that was playing was so loud we couldn't hold a conversation.
This place is huge.  What an amazing space. I have only been here on two separate occasions both happened to be on Saturday afternoons.  Both times I was with a party of 8 and we had no trouble walking in and getting on a lane.   Each lane has big comfortable leather couches for you to sit on while friends are bowling.  They have a decent beer selection and all the food we tried was great.  The waitresses were very nice and helpful. It not the cheapest place to bowl, but it is definitely one of the nicest.
This is the fanciest bowling alley I've ever been to. It's not glowing with neon lights, selling pizza and hot dogs. No friends, Blue Ribbon cuisine here, and BK's finest ales and libations. Hipster locale yes, but pretty eclectic mix. It's a world where Chuck Taylors and Louboutins collide. Thursdays DJ Questlove rocks the tables. At 10 bucks cover, that's a damn cheap show with one of the biggest artists around. This place is humongous, so you don't feel claustrophobic at all. There's room to dance, drink and eat, and of course bowl. Note, if you want to go to the bowling alley area, you must pay for shoes and bowl! No regular chillin allowed there. Almost every night there is a cover, just because there's an artist playing or some event going on. It's also a great place to catch the game. Love this spot.
Hipstery. Expensive. I'm probably just mad because I don't own a fedora and am not cool enough to be here. But seriously I came because Talib Kweli was DJing, and was really disappointed in the music and crowd. My friend said not ever to come for rap/R&B. NOTED. (Oh yeah, about the place. Bowling. Restaurant area. Bar/dancing area. There you are.)
I have been to the Brooklyn Bowl twice for a show, and *gasp* not for bowling, so I'm giving an perspective of the venue itself. The location is pretty close the public transportation and the outside looks deceiving, you think it's a small run down place but walk in and be amazed. There was a line around the block but luckily I bought my ticket in advance. The place is pretty huge with two floors, so plenty of space to boogie down. I would've given it 4 stars except that they book two shows in one night, so of course the late show always gets the short end of the stick. And the questionable dancers they have is something they need to get rid of real quick. I don't know about you, but if I'm going to a show the last thing I want is skanky hoes with their breasts exposed gyrating over the place. If I wanted to see tits, I'd go to a titty bar, thank you very much.
For a concert this is a great place. We saw Anders Osborne it was intamite, the sound was great, the stage was cool, it was just really fun. One of the better venues we've been to in nyc. I'd come back anytime for a show. Then we decided to bowl.....don't do that. It was almost 100 $ for 45 minutes.  Thats obsene. And it was FREEZING, the balls are horrible. We've bowled at a lot of different places, and the balls here didn't fit well. They seemed very cheap. We also bowled next to people who seemed to be rolling, so I'm assuming that is the type of crowd that bowls here on the weekends. Rolling Hipsters. It costs us more to bowl, than to see a show and have a few beers. Also keep in mind- all the beer is brooklyn brewery, they do not have a drink list, and are limited on vodkas and rums, it seemed to be more of a whiskey/tequilla/beer place. Which sucks for me, because I don't like those things....I stuck with white wine in a plastic cup:) I'd like to come back listen to a show and eat, the menu looked SO good. The bathrooms are so cool, the womens restroom was like a little lounge. It had a full length mirror (awesome) and each stall has little windows you can see the bowling lanes. Cool place for a show, skip bowling.
An alternative to the long line around the corner at the Brooklyn Brewery... all the beers on tap here are from the Brooklyn Brewery, so i guess that helps! the Brooklyn Bowl is a bar/ concert hall/ bowling alley BUT it's a really dark & drab place that plays TERRIBLE weird depressing music.. i don't know why any parents would bring their children here you pay per hour for each lane but you'll have to wait for one to become available since people can take as long as they please!
The pin setting mechanism makes for a strange spectacle. The pins dance like odd apparitions, flying through the air at various angles until they settle down for your second approach. More often than not this was a single pin, cruelly mocking me for my inability to roll a strike. The multimedia spectacle confuses the senses at first - with The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, black and white Betty Boop cartoons, and the Braves game all playing on large screens over the lanes, it's hard to focus on wedging the ball between the 1 and 3 pins.Having endured other alleys that assault your ears with top-40 hits, it's hard to complain. The fries - these are the sorts of fries that make other fries call up their mothers at night to wonder aloud where they went wrong in life. Perhaps not In N Out fries done animal style, but here in New York when fries go their lives without Cajun spices, provolone, cheddar and gravy, they call their moms. Or their therapist. Other amenities include a wall of clowns like the ones whose mouths you shot water into to try and win a stuffed animal at the fair. Recalling your feelings towards clowns and the aggravating nature of carnival games, this display should make you angry and uneasy, which is useful for trying to knock down ten pins with a 14 pound ball. Also, ?uestLove DJ's here, like, every other night.
Overall great spot. Drinks are not so great.
Some of the least interesting reviews posted on YELP are for the 5 STAR venues. (One of my new buds says he goes on YELP exclusively to complain when things aren't to his liking--but I'm encouraging him  to consider more balance.) And Brooklyn Bowl is special. It's a purposeful bowling alley, serious music venue, great bar with a kitchen that pumps out the comfort food.  But what really makes it special are the people. These are not the BK millennial slacker types working here. These young people are helpful, kind and oriented to helping the patron without hurting the house. It's pitch perfect in every way. Lastly, what bowling alley and boite do you know that has super clean bathrooms?!
Best fried chicken within walking distance to my house. We got the Mac and cheese(different than before, but still creamy delicious, and each elbow of noodle was vomiting cheese sauce) mixed green salad, collard greens, and mixed chicken. The meal was amazing!
This place really caters to every demographic!  We arrived early on a Saturday to get our names on the bowling list (no weekend reservations) for my bday party.  The place was filled with strollers and hipster parents dancing without shoes and socks with their kids looking on.  It was great entertainment until they ha to leave by 7.  The food was really tasty the service was perfect for such large crowds.  The trick, come early get on bowling list, grab a table near dance floor and let the fun begin.  The band and music is great.  But they need to either get a few professional dancers at the end or bypass the out of shape women at the end who had more than just their bootys shaking.  The acrobatic act and the founder of the dancers were great the others need up grading!
I have mixed feelings about Brooklyn Bowl - but in all, I think it's A-OK.  The setup for their Thursday night parties is awesome - the sound system is great, plenty of room for dancing, only $8 to get in, coat check is $2 and item, awesome.  I've been here a few times and regretfully I keep coming for the Soul Train party... which is straight 70s.  If you love hip hop, then there ain't nothing for you to do at this party.  The funny soul train tv shows they have playing on the big screens are entertaining, and drinks are cheap with beers at $6.50 and mixed drinks also inexpensive... but I really came here looking to dance and the music has never delivered. Come for the food everyone says.. and it's the best food you'll EVER eat... if you're really drunk.  I ate here once extremely intoxicated, and once extremely sober.  These were two very different experiences.  The fries (poutine) has melted cheese, funky spice, and fried goodness all over it.  It's tasty, but you can get better elsewhere.  They serve up Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken... which at $22 for 8 pieces I was very underwhelmed. With every bite I wish I was eating Hill Country Chicken (because my god, THAT is some good fried chicken).  Anyway, out of the 6 of us eating, we ate two pieces and debated tossing the rest. Everyone should check out Brooklyn Bowl.  It's funky and weird, it's a cool scene, it's worth getting some drinks and some eats.  If you have nothing to do and have exhausted all other awesome things you can do with your time, then I recommend coming here.
Fantastic venue to see a concert and grab a drink. I saw the High and Mighty Brass Band and Galactic here, and it was on and poppin'! At one point my wife mentioned that she was cold and the manager brought her a t-shirt on the lagniappe. That qualifies as superior awesomeness in my opinion. Food was delicious. I didn't have the fried chicken but man did it look and smell good. Next time... Drinks. Good selection of nice cold beer and nice strong drinks. Sound for the concert was a little off (vocalist was mic'd too low) but it wasn't so egregious that it detracted from the performance. I absolutely loved that they have the big screen TVs with the concert playing around the venue. That was choice! Can't wait to go here again. The place was firing on all pistons!
Fun venue.  Makes you feel like you're in a country barnyard hoedown meets county fair, except you're in Williamsburg close to the waterfront and are surrounded by hipsters having a blast.   The concert venue is surprisingly great even though it's right next to the bowling lanes.  You don't actually hear the bowling activity whatsoever -- not sure how they managed that!  The layout of the venue makes great sense, is all about open space, and you can hear the music wherever you go.  The staff is friendly, the food is hearty, the drinks come in pitchers, and there isn't a line for anything in the whole damn place.  Loved it.   We ate at the restaurant before an 8 o'clock show, and managed to get a table for 9 of us in the common area.  We all shared the fried chicken, pork rinds, deviled eggs, and mac & cheese.  You can hear the music from there as well, so if you eat late you won't miss much of a show. Fried chicken was great -- tastes exactly like Hill Country Chicken but at a far better price. The batter had a great kick to it, and the chicken was juicy.   The pork rinds were weird to me -- chopped red onions, feta, cilantro, & lime thrown on top of a pile of pork rinds -- but it all still just tasted like pork rinds.  Maybe I'm missing  something here.   Deviled eggs were good.  Oyster shooters were a great touch, and the jalapeno added a great kick.   Mac & cheese was made al dente and the crusty cheese on top is the absolute best!  This one is definitely made to share and  I recommend it.
Ugh this place blows so hard. I liked it years ago before they sucked but now they suck. Saturday night 8pm decided to go bowling with my husband. Take a cab over and try to walk in but am stopped because I don't have a concert ticket. The door guy says "$20 cover." Me: "I just came here to have dinner and bowl though." Him: "Doesn't matter. There's a show tonight and it's a $20 cover. We're a concert venue first." Really? Brooklyn BOWL is a concert venue FIRST? So on top of my $100 dollar dinner and $50 bowling I'm supposed to pay $20 for some band I don't even care about? Really?
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome. I stopped by here real quick to check out a couple songs by my friends' band. I loved the layout of the place! It's so open and yet there are different sections (stage, bowling, bar). It's pretty big too, I was surprised to see just how spacious it is. The leather couches in the bowling area looked comfortable as shit! I will have to bowl next time... The food looked amazing as well. Seems like a great place to have a birthay party! Also, I absolutely loved the bathroom upstairs! It's like a maze to get to the stalls but it's fun...and the stalls have a tiny window in the back wall where you can watch guys bowl and adjust their "package" and girls pick their wedgies...fun!
I don't want to say it but I actually just really hate this place. I've been there twice to see shows and the experience really just sucks. First of all there are SO many staff/security people everywhere - it's really oppressive. Second they have so many f-ing rules - everywhere is divided up into sections: you cant order drinks from the front bar/food area unless you have a dinner tab. You can't order food from the bowling area (even if you have an artist pass) unless you have a bowling tab. You can't go out and come back in - so if you're there for a while and you get hungry because they make it impossible to order food, well then you are just out of luck. Third there are all kinds of spots that you can't STAND in - the Gestapo will come and make you move. And I also find it really obnoxious that people are bowling right next to you while the show is happening. Yes, I realize that it's a bowling alley (sort of) but it's still lame. Yeah this place is a nightmare and I hope I never have to go back there again.
Ehh so so. Came here to watch the World Cup game so I expected it to be crowded. Still had to sit on the ground though. They had a decent selection of Brooklyn Brewery Beer on tap, but the food was not that great. I ordered the $11 Goat Cheese Sandwich and was not all that impressed.
I really like this place... I mean REALLY. first. the food. fried chicken (don't forget the honey) wings fries second. the drinks. bartenders are nice! draft beer and pretty strong mixed well drinks. third. the music. usually live music or some form of entertainment. bowling with alcohol and music! super fun! okay... there is usually a cover. and it does get a bit pricey. good food, good drinks, good music... add a few good friends. what else can you ask for?
I've been here over at least 30 times. My wife and I may have set the record for longest time hanging at BB. 10 hours of partying with Blues Traveler.
We stumbled upon this place wandering around Williamsburg and popped in for a couple games. Great service, plus beer and bowling! What's not to like?
Where do I start?  The delicious Brooklyn Brew beer on tap?  The plethora of hipster sightings?  The edgy, Brooklyn parents who all knew to bring their kids here on Saturday to dance?  The awesome DJ?  The super nice manager who sent us a pitcher when we agreed to switch lanes for him?  The cool decor with open faced brick and old carnival games around the place?  The excuse to do something fun while getting trashed with friends in the afternoon? Whatever.  It was effing rad and fun.
We head to Brooklyn Bowl a couple of times a year BC they have some really great bands come through. It's a great venue to see music and their covers are reasonable/ fair. We've only eaten here twice, but we thoroughly enjoyed both of our meals. The fried chicken is amazing. I took one star away for the crazy lines @ the bar. When they have a good act the bar lines get really long. The bartenders are awesome- quick and good- but when there is a good crowd there is inevitably a wait to get a drink which  can be a pain.
This place is just a venue for indy music that just so happens to have a few bowling lanes. The night I went I brought my bowling ball and shoes because I actually know how to bowl. I was literally given the evil eye by everyone there as if I wasn't suppose to bring a bowling ball to a freggin bowling alley. SO! I quickly exacted my passive aggressive revenge by wildly swinging my bowling bag as I was making my way through the crowd of condescending hipsters. I was very delighted to think that a bunch of NYU art history graduates who are now brewing beer and making gourmet salts went home with bruised legs. Lastly the wait was insane. We were told it'll take 3 hours to get a lane. We grabbed a bite and killed three hours to only come back to another 2 hour wait. No more than 15 minutes after we gave up and left, my friend received a call from the management saying that our lane was ready.
This is a great little spot located right next to the Brooklyn Brewery. They have all their beers on tap and a great selection of food. I had the BBQ beef sandwich which had BBQ beef (as you would imagine), onions and cucumbers on ciabatta bread. I was a little thrown off when I saw cucumbers in a BBQ beef sandwich but the flavor of the cucumbers just explodes in your mouth and compliments the sandwich perfectly. We also sampled the Sloppy Joe which was absolutely delicious with just the right amount of sweet and tangy flavors. The mac and cheese was epic! They place bread crumbs on top and bake it...outstanding. As if the food and drink weren't good enough...you have several lanes of bowling and a stage for a live band with a wide open dance floor for big events. This place is an awesome hang out spot for a group of friends to go. There's something for everyone. Food, Booze, Bowling, Live Music and Dancing...what more could you ask for?!
Holy Hell is this place huge! This is both a good thing and a bad thing. It's just large enough to inspire awe at the well-designed sections (the bathrooms are probably the best I've ever been in and the lanes are jaw-dropping in their expanse), but it's also large enough to make you feel as though you're in a new Hard Rock-themed mall venue, including the meticulously-placed artwork and the viscera-colored walls. The size also contributes to a cavernous sound quality and depending on which band is on stage, this can work against the listener, as the sound technician overcompensates with loudness. But the staff is incredibly friendly, the show prices have been kept Fugazi circa 1995 low, and it's definitely a joint that's still finding its footing, so go now while there's still room to circulate and the floors are still shiny.
I go to a ton of concerts, I love bowling and I LOVE fried chicken.  Why don't I like BK Bowl more? Brooklyn Bowl feels like the type of venue I'd love to go to - it has three things I love under the same roof.  But it does each just okay, alas. Concerts first - not the best acoustics, but they do book good shows.  Mixing can be off, sight lines are good, and you can go right up to the stage.  But there's no intimacy to the space, and no feel as well.  It's not as commercial generic feeling as say a Best Buy Theater in Times Square, but it's a far cry from Music Hall of Williamsburg or the like.  I'll happily go to shows there, but really wish they were elsewhere once I'm standing there. Bowling - it's very expensive and dark.  With 12 lanes, they have the right to charge a high price and they do, but it's too much money for me to Lebowski it up. Fried Chicken - I've had it twice, and I've never really enjoyed it.  People speak amazing about Blue Ribbon, but I just don't see it.  Not for me. With Brooklyn Bowl being decently far from the train and all those negatives above, I still give it a 3 as it is a cool spot that books quality line ups.  But if the option exists I'll gladly go elsewhere.
Everything you want in one place... bowling, live music, alcohol, Blue Ribbon fried chicken... What else do you need? - Fried chicken: Delicious and comes with a honey dipping sauce. - Roasted adobo corn: Set of 3. Still on the cob and dripping with a great mix of flavor. - Rock and roll fries: Thin fries. Topped with gravy and cheese. - Chocolate chip bread pudding: Just the right amount of chocolate. Perfect with the vanilla ice cream.
Good food, good drinks, fun environment, good music, ridiculous wait time if you want an actual serviced table. Their staff is packed to the max so don't worry so much about bad service. Security guards are friendly.  Restrooms are 3 million flights up and you gotta go through a dark maze.  As with all bars and restaurants, that also happen to have a bowling alley, beware of weekends---If you want to bowl and eat, you'll be staying in this venue for ~6 hours.  On a regular night, it gets packed after ~9PM.
So. Bowling alley with a cover. This is weird to me, and the band that was on our night was entirely sucky and unmemorable. But that's the band's fault. Bowling itself was so-so. The ball return on our lane was wacky -- it would return the ball that was thrown one frame earlier, so you had to always have two balls lined up to take your turn. Strings on the pins produce a lot of 9s that would've been strikes most other places (though at least that handicaps everyone equally). Service was super attentive at the lanes; I felt like our waitress was constantly at my elbow. What falls down is the food. It is not bad... but it's not good. Potato knishes were miniscule and undeserving of the name "knish". Cheese fries ("Rock and Roll Fries") were decent, but the hot sauce with them was anemic. After those two, even though we were hungry, we were so completely unmotivated to eat anything more or listen to their band and ended up leaving ahead of schedule. However, I will compliment them on the drinks. Strawberry margarita was excellent, as was their selection of taps. It was cute as a one-time thing, but there's enough rough edges that I don't see myself wanting to rush back.
Full disclosure, I have not bowled here. So I decided to come here to watch one of the Giants' games with a friend. We got a table, had some booze and ate tasty food. The staff was attentive and the atmosphere was fun for game watching (big tv's, full sound).  The food is a little bit pricey so just know that going in.   It was fun for watching a big sports game though, I would go back for that.
Went here with my boyfriend for my birthday because, hey, bowling is fun!  I think we also saw Brooklyn Bowl on the Food Network.  Apparently Brooklyn Bowl's voicemail states that they don't take reservations.  After getting a little turned around from the G train (missing street sign on Wythe), we found it.  We were quickly seated in the bar/restaurant section and were able to put our names on the waiting list for a lane.  The food was yummy.  We ordered the famous fried chicken platter, which came with 4 pieces of chicken, mashed potatoes, collard greens, and bread.  We also ordered the mac and cheese entree to share.  My boyfriend also ordered the deviled eggs, which he said were good.  Brooklyn Bowl has fairly generous portions (4 pieces of chicken and an entree-sized mac and cheese, although it is on the menu as an entree).  The famous chicken was very good.  I loved the collard greens and the mac and cheese. Our lane was ready as we were finishing up dinner.  The staff was able to transfer our tab over the lanes and our bowling shoes met us there.  Space is tight.  Each lane has its own couch and there is a shared coffee table between every two couches.  We were sharing an area with a larger group (around 8).  Things were close and I wished there was a little more privacy.  Every now and then members of their group sat on our couch, their drinks crept over to our side, etc.  Similarly, the group on the other side of us was rambunctious and they sometimes encroached to the point of us almost having to say something.  The bowling pins themselves are on some types of strings.  This did not appear to be standard bowling alley machinery and it sometimes seemed like this apparatus knocked over additional pins after a bowl.  Of course, it is NYC, so lane time was in excess of $50/hr.  Overall, a fun experience.  Good food, a happening atmosphere, sleek lane area.  Yes, on the expensive side (over $150 for an hour of so of bowling, a dinner for two, and one margarita) and a little bit of a raucous, drunk attitude, but we'll return.
They charged us for an hour when we were there for maybe 20 minutes. Good food, cool atmosphere.......but way overpriced....and the service is slow so they can charge you more time.......live and learn. I still love it here, but I will not be bowling there anytime soon.
Came here on a whim on a Saturday night and this place was surprisingly undouchey. Disclaimer: I didn't try the food, which I've heard is quite good. Glows: huge dance area and concert stage for those here for live music, fun live music playing, attractive crowd, cool atmosphere Grows: expensive drinks, long wait to bowl, $10 cover charge at the door. I would definitely recommend coming here on a weeknight to bowl and drink. Avoid the lines and crowds of the weekend if you just want to check out the scene.
Yea it does get busy in weekends but hello live music is my life n the performances are the best ive seen from innerpartysystem, asher roth a few indie bands whick i later on got into because of this places i remebr kanye came for "fools gold" but i had to miss it but this place is really a jewel in brooklyn altho u have to wait for the alleys be on the look out for all the performances i fell in love with this place and if u ever in hipstertown williamsburg bk i recommend this place lol  :D
They stole my heart with the patience and hospitality which was given to me. I was so nervous and clueless while planning this bowling birthday party. Mind you it was two weeks before the set date. They do have alot of rules but I see why. It's can get crazy real fast. The Staff were very helpful and informative. The helped me exitcute the perfect bowling birthday party of 16. I got two lanes, 8 people per lane (max allowed and $5 per shoe rental)for two hours ($20 per half hour) Not Bad! You can also order beverages and apps for the guest.(side note; they have great food!) Then after bowling you can stay it dancing! It's was great! Everyone enjoyed themselves and the birthday boy was especially pleased! I will be doing this again!
The chicken wings here are SO GOOD.  The beer was tasty and the staff was friendly in answering all of my questions.  If only I had a chance to go bowling...oh well...there's always next time...
DO NOT GO HERE EVER horrible service, no one knows what they are talk about when it comes to bowling. Cover fee no matte what you want to do . If you want to eat, bowl or do the concert there is a cover fee. Dumb I want to give zero stars
To be fair, I don't come for the bowling or the bar, though I like to bowl and occasionally drink. I have come here twice now for music and dancing, both times when my favorite DJ was spinning there. The space is awesome. I do love my space on the dance floor. The only problem I've encountered is crowding between that floor and the bathrooms. But that's a minor issue.
I am definitely a fan of brooklyn bowl. The second best place to see a show in Williamsburg (Music Hall of Williamsburg is my fav) I have been to countless shows and events here since it's opening almost 4 years ago. The transformation of this side of the neighborhood since BBowl opened has been epic. They have a decent selection of local brews (brooklyn, kelso, sixpoint, etc), good food (blue ribbon), a good soundsystem, and good decor. My only real complaint is where the main bar is located. When the place is filled this area is a terrible bottleneck in between sets/after a show. Getting a drink at this bar can be a miserable experience. Thankfully during shows they have a couple of tables serving draft beer set up on the floor. This helps the wait time for a drink but doesn't stop the bottlenecking.
Caveats first,  I went to BB for the first time on a Saturday night specifically to see a show there.  I didn't eat, bowl or get drunk.  I could see if I were 25 years younger and out w/ friends that this might be a cool place. My recommendation is to avoid it like the plague if you're only purpose is to hear music.   The crowd was drunk, rude, loud and unpleasant.  I (like a minority of other folks) was trying to hear and enjoy the music.  Most people were talking loud and louder in order to be heard by their friends over the music.  It was distracting and annoying.  There was far too much movement by people going to the front or back or from side to side in the area in front of the stage.  Unlike other live music venues, there was absolutely no gentle movement, or discrete squeeze by someone; this crowd just pushed right through so we were getting slammed from all sides pretty much through the show. Leaving the place after the show was a nightmare.  Due to the layout, everyone leaving has to pass this long relatively narrow bar area completely packed with people hanging out socializing and drinking.  This being a young group, there were lots of people coming in through the same area at the same time.  So there were a few hundred people trying to leave through this narrow area at the same time a few hundred people were trying to get in through the same area at the same time a few hundred people were just trying to stand in the narrow area.  It was extraordinarily uncomfortable. The show was pretty good though.  I won't go back to hear live music and I don't think you'll be happy if you go to a show there.
Came here with a large group of friends for a 30th birthday. We had to wait about an hour for two lanes at around 12:00 pm. There were some cute kiddos running laps in front of the stage where a fun brass band was warming up for presumably a later set time. We played one round? game? set? You can tell I'm a real bowling aficionado. Nice to have the shoes delivered to our lane and have a server check in on us. As far as the game of bowling, the ball selection was nice and the shoes weren't gross. Other than that it's odd to me that the pins didn't fall over as readily as they would in the suburbs. New fangled pins on strings don't knock down as easily. Funny. : ) The food was good - I shared the fried chicken and pancake with the birthday girl and it definitely was superior fried chicken. Our food server was nice and dealt with a lot of different credit cards thrown at her. Bathroom was oddly freezing but nice and clean. All in all, a good time!
All I can say is this is the best bowling experience I've ever had. We made it for happy hour so the lane was only $30 per hour for our group. Which is a great deal cause this place was beautiful inside and the staff was the best. Besides the bowling the food was great too. Mmmm.. the best pork rinds and nothing beats margarita by the pitcher. The only downside is that they have a big stage for live music but no acts there yet since they've only been around for a couple of weeks. But now I'm back home in California, far away from Brooklyn Bowl, but next time I go to Brooklyn I'll definitely make it a stop there again.
I had an OK time. The drinks are a bit pricey. The space is HUGE. Bowling is affordable if you bring a crowd, otherwise forget it. I don't know, nothing special. Sometimes they have good bands. Overall, It feels a little bit like your rich uncle tried to open a cool spot for the upper middle class kids to hang and feel like they're having the BK experience.  Music sounded good, I'll give them that.
How the heck have I never been here before!?  The venue is great.  It's a regular venue, plus bowling alley, plus big bar/lounge.  Worlds colliding, in a good way.  I just came for a show and I'm not a bowler, but I could see it being hugely fun to bowl while a favorite band provides the soundtrack.  You'd probably have a great view of the stage from a lot of the lanes. Show I saw was CSS headlining, IO Echo opening.  CSS were terrific, but the lady who fronts IO Echo, from a distance, looked like some kind of mix of pogo stick, supermodel, and Axl Rose 25 years ago.  Hot damn.
Great vibe, where live music is done right with professional light/sound set-up.  The sound quality here is amazing. Southern inspired menu (with tasty fried chicken) that puts other bowling-snack-bar food to shame. This place is one-of-a-kind, unlike that other place that rhymes with tacky strike.
Extremely pricey! They start charging you from the minute they call your name regardless of how long it takes you to get to the lane.  Food is ok, but I guess if you are looking for a great place for rock music then this is your venue.  The Ale's are great!
If I could give zero stars I would. Summary: Very awful staff. I was very disrespected and would never go back here again
It's extremely pricey - but we were VIPs so I guess I can't help but to give it full stars. The customer service was beyond terrific, we were there to bowl for three hours with open bar and unlimited food (VIP like I said!) - they were 'worried' that we weren't eating enough! Kept coming back with drinks, the server was very nice The drinks were superb, Brooklyn brews and many different selections of liquor. Not only that, they didn't skip on the liquor! The decor, very 'modern' and 'sophisticated' "Sister's Sparrow" was playing the night we bowl'd and they were really good - so I'm glad I got to go that day they were in show.
Went here last night for the White Denim show. Id never been before and was impressed with the size and decor-very sideshow/coney island/chuck-e-cheese for adults. $8 for Herradura shots was cool, $2 for a club soda was dumb. Also, the first time we ordered this the bartender didnt charge for the soda, the second time, different bartender, did. Not a huge deal, but I feel that a service standard is important. The acoustics or whoever was running the soundboard sucked, the vocals were flat and muddled. Since I came to hear a band, this was a major disappointment. Another thing that sucked: Paying a 5 dollar PER TICKET service charge when the ticket price was the same at the door. If you dont think your show is going to sell out, just show up and buy it at the door, save the fee. Overall, I wouldnt come back, unless it was for a DJ or something with a smaller cover. Its a bummer to pay 20 bucks, with the service fee, to see a favorite band that sounds like crap.
