Best dance party in the Burg, and one of my favorites in the entire city. If you like Latin music but your only dance move is stepping back and forth in a pseudo-Salsa motion or even just flailing around like a white person, don't worry. It won't matter at all because Bembe is more cramped than you could ever imagine. No one will be able to see your butt wiggling (but they might touch it. Can you blame them? You're a babe). Hot, and sweaty and so, so fun.
I just love this place: It's small, it's divey, it's sweaty and it's just too much fun.  I love going to a place where you can scream out "Oh sh%^t" when you hear an obscure song that you would never ever hear anywhere else.  The mojitos are generally really good and I love the African drummers that sometimes perform along with the DJ.  Hotness!  Tuesday nights they have a reggae night that is just pure bliss.   The downstairs is closed right now for some reason so be prepared to literally be rubbin' sweat juices with the person dancing next to you.
Probably one of the best DJ's Ive heard in a long time! This place actually surprised me. Who knew that there would be a jam packed, high energy dance club playing dance hall and soca in the middle of williamsburg?? On top of that on a Tuesday night??   The crowd was nice. Plenty of black, white and hispanic women!!!!!!! The only downside is that the place is too small. I left the club at four in the morning with a soaked t-shirt!!!!
I am so glad that I changed my mind last minute and came here for some after dinner fun! The thing is, you might have to know about this place to actually find it. The exterior is discrete and you would totally miss it. But once inside, you step into another world ;-) A world that is warm, and welcoming. They have many wonderful African statues displayed in various area along the bar. Also, there are drums placed close to the DJ booth. Too bad no one was jamming on the drums ;-( They make some fun cocktails, here's the run down: Caprinha - decent size and solid Mojito - excellente! Dulce Moreno - tequila shot with a chocolate-dipped lemon Punch - didn't try it, but I am assuming rum punch Capeta - frozen slushy that looked good, but I ain't into slush The music was a mix of Afro-Cuban, some reggae, and cumbia. It was a really fun evening. Would love to go back and just DANCE my tooshie off ;-)
This isn't the place to go if you want to stand around posturing and listening to "Wallpaper" music. Afropunk, Brazilian jazz, future funk,  dancing on chairs, live percussion, pasty Russians passing around a bottle of Jack Daniels, afropuffs, a couple hipsters from the hood, it has it all. Ridiculously diverse crowd, no pretensions, good time.
Love this place. Good music! Awesome, laid back vibe. So different from partying in Manhattan. RUMPUNCH is pretty awesome. Crowd is completely unpretentious and all about the dancing. Hell yeaaaa. No chicks in crazy tight dresses and ridiculous high heels here. Sign me up! Seriously, I came here with a shirt, shorts & gladiators in the summer. Uhm, still got hit on. ha. AND danced.... a lot. I suggest coming here with someone (or people) who actually like to dance otherwise they'll just look like cornballs at the bar glaring at people who are actually having fun. Those people are always so weird, right? Oh... you're that person? Ma bad. My only problem is the area is desolate as sh*t. CREEPS. Good place though.
It was as hot as how I imagine hell would be.. I 'm not exaggerating. I walked in then had to walk back out the heat was that overwhelming. Besides that drinks are strong, the vibes and energy was high. The live drummers were doing it.   Love the mix of non popular music. P.s. Watch out for roving men hands
Gets crowded. But that's not a bad thing. It's great atmosphere to dance reggae.
We stood in line for quite a while, and random friends of the bouncers kept getting in. Probably over a dozen friends got in, as compared to perhaps 2-3 people from the line. When our turn came up, the bouncer wanted to split our party of 6 (with 5 women) into two, saying he only had space for 3 people inside. This after he let in a dozen friends. He was rude, and didn't even say that we could all go in together. He just said we'd be skipped in line and he'd let people behind us go in. We told him we'd rather go somewhere else, and left. Too much attitude, too much rudeness, too much nepotism. Too much bullshit. I'd rather patronize other places...
Means what it says... Bembe is an african, tribal rooted "dance". This venue delivers by featuring nights that feature tribal house, reggae, salsa, funk, soul, reggae, brazilian music, and much more. If you want to dance all night in a reasonably friendly and not overpriced atmosphere, then this is the place for you. The only drawback to the place is the size. When they open the downstairs room, you can get plenty of space to dance. However, people are pretty good about giving you your space when youre tearing shit up. My favorite part of the place, besides the music, would be the decor. I'm especially fascinated with the random door up on a wall near the front entrance. If you visit their website, youll find out what they did to put the place together (over seven months of work, with 90% of materials coming from recycled or reused items that were going to be thrown away). Although it's easy to make acquaitances here, I suggest bringing friends. It certainly is a place to have many good memories. I also suggest stealing a few matchbooks. They have a wonderful design.
Come here on a dead Monday night, no bouncer, great. But no women, not so great. Came back on a Friday night,guess what, the bouncer's at the door. Not so great. This is how it went down. Bouncer:"Fellas where yo girls at?" Me:"You mean there's no women in there?". Bouncer: "Come on guys, you know the drill." Me:"OK. Can I use the bathroom? I gotta pee." Bouncer: "Go 'head." As I checked out the scene,Bembe was pretty dead that night, and their was a lot of people mostly Caucasians, Asians, most of which are males. Me: (Waiting for the person to come out of the restroom.) Bouncer:(Leaves his post, and watches me while I wait for the person to come out). Me: I said to him,"There's someone in there boss." Bouncer: (Stares at me gully). Anyway, to make a long story short, I used to like Bembe,great music, good drinks,fun and dancing. But the bouncer either wants a "lighter" crowd and or lets mad dudes in. I also realize that he's doing his job.This is the fourth time this occurs. I wanted to remain a loyal patron of this place, I always recommended to my friends, but now the tables have turned. R.I.P. Bembe, it was nice to know ya! Besides, I found a new place to go, a restaurant that also plays live music, Ms. Favelas.
We walked in and We walked right out............... Never Again!
Bembe how I adore you let me count the ways! Although I've been a Brooklynite for close to 2 years I'm ashamed to say that I've only been to Bembe a handful of times, but I'm working to change that since I've never had a bad night there. Ever. Bembe is the place to go if you're tired of the same boring tracks from the radio being played on the dance floor. I can only vouch for Friday & Saturday nights when they're playing an assortment of world, latin, afro & caribbean funk with a dash of afro beat, reggae and old school hip-hop, house & r&b plus there are always people playing live drums & guira. I've heard Thursdays are pretty good as well when they play dancehall soca & reggae, that's not really my scene but I'm sure I'd still have a blast. One thing about Bembe is that you must come prepared to break a sweat, or a bucketful of sweat. I'm usually in the latter category since I dance full throttle and the space is rather small. That's probably the only downside of Bembe, they only have one floor open since the basement has been permanently closed as  there is no working exit below & therefore its a fire hazard. I almost wish they would move or expand just so that they could accommodate more people & have more space for dancing. Again I highly reccommend Friday or Saturday nights especially if DJ Petra(facebook.com/Euphimie?sk…) or DJ Nappy G (nappyg.com) are spinning. Be brave & check it out, you won't regret it.
Bembe is my spot! I love this joint. Never disappoints, even on a Monday night. Music is bumpin and the vibe is almost always hype! They make some strong ass caipirinhas, too. So strong that I usually end up going home with some random boy with an accent, or at least making out against the bar. Believe me, it happens more often than I care to tell.. Oh and there is the dreamiest bartender there on Tuesdays and Thursdays. That eye candy makes the drinks even more dangerous! OPA!!!
There was great music and a hammock. The band was heavily percussive, with an occasional guitar and bass jumping in, and a few people got some dancing in. The DJs were also pretty good at throwing on stuff I liked but didn't know. The hammock gets in the way at the bar, and needs to be tied tighter, but a couple folks tried to land inside. Bembe just needs a more experienced hand to organize the hammock. This is counter-balanced by furniture that is all style and lacks utility (excepting that hammock). I mean, those tables? They serve booze but don't give you a place to put it. Those tables are wretched. Seriously, a place to put a cocktail or beer, that isn't two slanted objects tied together, for folks not up at the bar, is pretty fundamental I'd say. A little more utility won't kill the heavy ambiance they have. And the prices are pretty high, but I will allow that there's live music and DJs and wasn't a cover. Besides, the bartender was really sweet and exploding with positive energy. I saw her work the crowd when she wasn't busy to make sure everyone was having fun, so there's some brownie points.
For guys to get in, bring some girls with you or find someone outside.  These guys couldn't get in so they tried to get in with me and my girl friend.  When we got inside, it was super packed.  Barely any walking space with uneven floors. People dancing on the floor (pretty much everywhere you turned) would be nudging/elbowing you due to lack of space.  Some of the people in the crowd can be sketchy.  Some of my friends would call these guys "creepers" because of the way they were acting.  Some are so down, they'll just buy you a drink, which is what this one guy did for me lol.  The Latin music was okay at the beginning but got better after some time passed. Literally, right next to the restroom is the door to exit the club.  Once you exit, you can't come back in unless someone on the inside hears you knocking.
DUDE... The energy, is FABULOUS. You wanna see 1 two step, or 2,3 step or whatever step you learned, you'll see it. People are dancing to a latin form of merengue, Salsa, Samba and you're just completely facinated. Don't be shy just make eye contact wtih a nice looking dude or dudette and kick up your heals as you're about to have fun attempting to dance to salsa or show off your skills, whoever you maybe, you are bound to have a fun. I went there wtih friends after goign to Savalas and learned salsa and MAN I am itching to learn salsa now. Anyone know a good studio for that? ^__^ I have returned a few times so far and see myself going again, hopefully as I learn more about hte art of Salsa. LOVE IT ^_____^ Drinks are reasonable, the bartenders are friendly, and people are just happy. What more can you ask for on a weekend night?
Dark & romantic with good music to dance to and if you come early good music to chill to. Drinks are good, shots from the watermelon are fun, bartender, forget his name also very good guy. Like the energy here alot. I wanted to add I was here the other night and I passed out on the hammock. Not a bad place to catch a couple of z's.
Great music (DJ + musicians) + delicious drinks + friendly service (both the doorman and bartenders were so nice) = FUN The caipirinhas are STRONG!  I was verrrry tipsy after 2 of them.  The bar is cash only so be sure to hit up an ATM before you arrive. I thought the man playing the bongos was excellent and having partially live music definitely added something extra.  We arrived Thursday at 11 pm and there weren't many people, so it was easy to get a seat at the bar.  We were right next to the incense -- I can't remember the last time I've smelled incense in a bar.  By midnight, the place was full with a variety of people.  Kudos to the guy salsa-ing by himself because it made my girlfriend and me want to jump on the floor.  It was so much fun dancing inside Bembe while it snowed outside! The only con has nothing to do with Bembe, but more with me since I live in Manhattan.  If I'm back in Williamsburg, I would suggest coming back to Bembe for dancing, otherwise I'm much more likely to stay in Manhattan.
- likely to meet new people - mentionable drinks - a favorite of my Williamsburg friends - not my cup of tea - sweaty, crowded and loud
Was here with a fellow yelper friend invited us   She cancels at the last minute, nonetheless we went anyway ++plus the yelp reviews make you to come here Getting there wasn't so bad. Consequently finding the door that leads to Bembe is another story, you should definitely keep Google maps with street view handy. Easily you can strut by and not notice the place. Where you end up it's the door handle is "shaven" but as you walk by there is a rectangular window facing the street.  I deduce the bartender uses it to view people as they miss the door and walk back and forth. We tried different ways to get in such as "OPEN SEZ ME" we finally figured a PUSH and VOILA we are in. "" The place was petite, but space was maximized to its fullest potential. We were debating which was smaller Bob's bar or bembe anyway. Bembe has successfully managed to recreate mixed Caribbean vibe insanely chillaxed. The bartender had a really cool swagger when we walked in. "Watcha wan drink brethren"   There was a big jug of some sort of concoxian on the bar. Friend went for jug which, however I went for just a Jameson neat.  is rum punch. I am not into sweet drinks, I'm a whisky kind of guy. After looking at my friend devouring his drink I decided to go for it. It was perfect blend of sweetness and punch ..........punch of rum hit me was nice surprise was enough to make me come back definite late night spot as I am thinking we were too because all the men, note I said men where there early they seemed like regulars each positioned themselves ready for whatever was coming. You could see in everyone eyes. each one was doing their own rendition of  "screw a light bulb" dance  you know what I mean.  12am =ish that's when the women and everyone else  starting walking in. at the point I had to go but the crowd very diverse which is always a plus.
Lurking in a shadowy nondescript brick building just north of the Williamburg bridge, this place has no signage, and no real visual indication of what's inside.  How do you find it?  Simple... follow the beat. No cover at the door, just an ID check and you're in.  It's late, the room is crowded with people grooving or swaying to the latin rhythms, and it's hard to get up to the bar, but when I got there I saw they had a watermelon with a hole cut in it and a ladle sticking out.  And that's what I drank all night, and loved it. Downstairs was even tighter, and steamier. Sultry latinas are dancing to the beat, fedora-wearing hipsters are standing around trying to be cooler than everyone else in the room, and every once in a while trying to pick one of them up and failing.  I danced with a little Argentinian fox who didn't know the rhumba but showed me how they danced in her country, with lots of motion of the hips and spinning.  Then she tried to pick up my (female) friend.   Hey, you win some, you lose some. All in all, a great time, a fantastic night of salsa dancing without a cover, aided by vodka-enhanced fresh watermelon coolers.  Fantástico!
This place was awesome.  I went here for a Bachalorette party for my sister-in-law in January.  We got there before the downstairs opened which was nice because then we had a  chance to settle into the place and have a drink or two.   By the time the downstairs dance floor opened the place was packed!  But not in a bad way, there was still enough room to dance and go crazy.  The mojitos were awesome and so were the watermelon drinks. Bembe rocks!  Everything was amazing except for when my sister spilled rum punch all over me...only a small set back though.  ;)
DANCE...DANCE I SAY.... Okay L loves this place and suggested to come here for our Ladies' Night Brooklyn-rama. I guess, we didn't have the problem of getting in here since we were all girls. So we met up with L inside and everyone was dancing except A and Y. I guess it's just not their kind of scene or music. I usually prefer hip hop but hey I can be down with whatever if you're with the right people and had the right amount of alcohol. This place got jammed pack quick and everyone is so easy going and just all love. Don't come here if you're a chair warmer or a wall flower... No drama in Brooklyn...just fun! P.S The drinks here are STRONG! Someone didn't want to take shots, so we ended up choosing a pansy shot like a lemon drop for her to do. I usually think lemon drops taste like candy but this one got all of us making faces. It definitely wasn't a pansy shot.
I love Bembe its a hole in the wall but the music is great and it gets packed. Everyone is dancing and those that are not have no other choice then to follow the crowd. So yes I highly recommend this place but if you dont like crowds this place is not for you because its arm to arm.
My sister and I just got back from Bembe. I decided to go after reading  the great reviews. Wellll they are all true. This place was awesome!!! If you are looking for a night of dancing, this is the place. There was such a great vibe from the minute I walked in. Everyone was there for the same reason, which was to dance the night away. Also, the mojitos are delish!!! ps-prepare to sweat!
This is the kind of club I love: down-to-earth, casual, great vibe, and feels like a house party! It made sense and was def. a bonus that the interior of the space is built out of recycled materials. It had a familiar warmth to it. The mojitos & capirinhas were made with no short-cuts and were amazingly delicious. No doubt, I'll go back when I'm in NYC! The only thing I had a problem with is the extreme handsy nature of the guys in the place: they truly think that accepting an offer to dance means that they can squeeze up on you and put their hands wherever they please! I go out to dance and have fun, so I shouldn't have to put on my body armor. I'd spray the place down with slime-guard every once in awhile.
Want to move your booty to amazing reggea, salsa, Latin and African rhythms? Look no further! Dance the night off with live percussion- drink some rum punch, mojitos or margaritas, loose those hips;
Meet some peeps, get really f'ing drunk, dance your ass off and make some latin groovy hip love here. ... and take lots and lots and lots of shots of strong drinks that friends of friends pass to you all night long. I heart bembe.
I been here many times and it never disappoints. This is a Brazilian lounge that plays a mix of music. The crowd is also very mix which is why I love Williamsburg. The drinks are reasonable prices however they only take cash. Their only downfall is that the place is not that big and when they don't open the downstairs it can get very crowded.
Came here last night after reading reviews. I came a little early so the dj wasn't there yet but the bartender informed me it would get packed soon. Once the DJ and drummer came it got packed pretty fast. The music was awesome and so was the atmosphere. Now the drinks were great. I had the rum punch and mojitos which were amazing!! And only 7 bucks for their drinks. I forgot it was cash only here luckily there was a ATM on the same street. Definitely will be coming back
The first or second time I went here was for a Jewelry show by a good friend of mine.  There were half dozen different artists showing their wares, and it was a good excuse to have a margarita on Sunday afternoon.   If you come here at night though, you better be ready to dance your ass off.  Salsa and samba and everything inbetween.  Sexy crowd and good drinks.  A nice complement to neighborhood sister Miss Favela.
I have had some pretty amazing moments in this place.  From a first kiss to a break-up to a ridiculously fun night with the girls, this place has enough variety and energy to bring you out of your shell and get those hips moving on the dancefloor. There were nights that were definitely over crowded, and the drinks would take forever to get made, but in those nights we'd just change our plans, not a big deal.   When there's a good number of people in the place, and the bartenders are good, and the drummers are there, there's few places in the city that can compete. Easily one of the best parties in town.
What a blast! Walking through the neighborhood to get to bembe was a bit sketchy especially bc i was alone but upon entering I was never so pleased.  This tiny wooden cavernous bar has so much to offer.  My friends and I salsa danced for hours, the energy was amazing and the service great.  The band lent their bongos to us and we just played played played.   Their drinks are STRONG!  Go go go!
So I had a great time and that's why I'm giving 5-stars, even if my decision has more to do with the company I kept, than Bembe.  Whatever. I had so much fun dancing to Latin music, and watching some drunk German girl hit on anyone in pants. Everyone was friendly! As Lani P. noted, the vibe is very Dirty Dancing..
We went to Bembe, a bar located in the Brooklyn/Williamsburg area on a Friday night after walking 20 something blocks, following wrong instructions from one of the locals.  We eventually had to take a jitney and got there when it was bumpin' at midnight, but wasn't too packed.  The drinks are cheap with Coronas at $5 a bottle and cocktails at about $5-8.  The dread-locked DJ was spinning a mix of salsa, meringue, cumbia, and some reggaeton electrifying the top and bottom floors. There's another bar downstairs with a good-sized dance floor compared to the top, but it does get pretty warm when the crowd starts to pack in and everyone is dancing. Apparently the place does get really bumpin' and a line will start to build.   2 Rastafarian Dominicans didn't have any luck getting in, but they soon did later after joining our posse!  It's best to get there early if you don't have any women rollin' with you, according to our Dominican hotties. We danced and drank the night away and eventually met E. and his lady of the night who happened to be a PhD Columbia student, and they gave us a lift to the metro stop!  What a great ending to a fabulous, eye-candied, inebriated night!   NYC 8.22.08
Probably one of my worst nights out in the city - If I wanted velvet rope / doorman B.S. I'd go to Manhattan. It was absurdly crowded once we were let in  - I think I spent the entire time there standing in line for the restroom.
This review is long overdue. My very first underground dance experience in NY was here, at Bembe, back in like.. 2004? It was hot, it was steamy, it was intense.. and in the basement of this bohemian lounge.. with the hand drums, the music, the dancing, all of it, on fire~ And there's nothing like ringing in the New Year here to remind you of how wonderful and electrifying this place is.. The people are relaxed, the drinks are made fresh and delectable, and the atmosphere warm and safe.. for you to dance to your heart's desire.  Earthy and raw, this place is the place to visit when you feel like letting your carnal self play freely. My only quam about this place is that it's cash only, and that my jacket has gone missing in its lair.
Amazing dj, crowd and neighborhood.  Get the coco loco drink!  Drink only 1 because it's large and strong...  I just wish it were bigger.   Pros: crowd, 'hood, music (reggae, reggaeton, salsa, merengue, bachata, samba, etc.), drinks Cons: too small!
There have been Friday nights where I find myself, restless and sullen, still at work in Midtown.  11 PM, 12 AM, still there.  And when I finally leave close to 1 AM, I'll bring three 24oz  Modela cans into a cab and step out on Bembe's nondescript corner - a wildman unleashed.  The bartenders shake a furious caiprinha, the crowd MOVES, and the energy grips your hips and ass, and leads the hands of others between your fingers. I've always had a good to carahlo! time here.  Afro-world music will be on the turntables and played live on the weekends.  Some nights will feature reggae, and some Brazilian samba (I now know the sensation of having a group orgasm to Magalenha.  Ahh... saudade...)  The crowd is diverse in several ways - old school salsa dancers, bump elbows with rhythmic hipsters and casual types.  And I'm just someone that loves the music and venho a beber muito caiprinha. Admittedly, the doorman is fairly strict about denying groups of guys.  But it's a place to dance so come alone ou chega mais com uma garota!
Let the naysayers...um...nay. Forget what they say. Bembes' is awesome. Great music, great people. Two floors of dancing and brazilian music fused with anything the dj can hook up. Downstairs is pretty cool too. Reminds me of Sean Pauls' "Get Busy" video. THEY MAKE THE BEST MOJITOS from scratch downstairs. Sometimes while the dj is spinning, a couple of (I guess regulars) start playing the bongos and guitar and it's such an experience. I usually roll there with a small group as the place is not huge but don't let that sound like a downside... it's size makes you kinda feel like it's your spot for you and your friends. Highly recommended if you're in Brooklyn. I will tell you though, you need to know exactly where it is, to know where it is. (Lost? You just might be.) Peace, food and love... and MOJITOS!!
I love dancing. Bembe allows me to express that part of myself. OMG. Nonstop nonstop nonstop musica. venti-quatto horas! wooo. I went on a salsa night - and seriously, my feet didn't stop from the second I got there to the second I left. Not immensely crowded, but just neough so that you don't feel shy. Awesome rasta door man. RE: the creepy guy factor (that I saw someone write about), I did have a bunch of guys come up to me - but they were polite even when I passed on dancing with them.
I moved back to NYC 7 months ago and I have been looking for a place so eclectic and with a great vibe like this place. I used to be a DJ in FM radio in the west coast I am telling you this is good music!!!! The beat will make you dance!!! I am putting my music expertise to the test. If you like drum beats go there drink and if the music doesn't make you dance... let me know. This is the place for those that are not scared to dance with a difference beat. You will find here music from:  Africa, Brazil, Colombia, Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. Please visit the website and you can hear a sample of the music: bembe.us After entering the place and passing by a black curtain you will find brick walls, dim lights and a bar with plenty of drinks. There is another bar in the basement an extra dance space but I danced in the first floor .layback clientele The bartenders are the friendliest bartenders! The only sad thing is that I am leaving tomorrow to be in the Caribbean for a month...  I will say yes to any invitation for dancing at BEMBE in December. If this review sounds like a commercial ... it is because I was impressed by this place. It took me 7 months to find it. And if you know any places like this in NYC send me an email.
Why does my caipirinha have tequila in it? I'm not sure either. The space looks interesting and cozy -- but, it's so hard to tell if it's a great dance party spot when no one is there.
This isn't exactly my kind of place, but I have to give credit where credit is due: Bembe is really freakin' cool. The atmosphere and energy here is something else - there's a live DJ spinning various Latin grooves, in addition to a a few bongos out that one group was pounding.  A guy with a trumpet randomly showed up and started playing what seemed like an incoherent series of random notes... I'm still not sure if he was an official part of the music or if he just needed a place to practice without pissing off his roommate(s).... Downstairs was roped off on this particular weeknight, but the main area was packed full of people dancing and having a blast. The bar seemed to have a nice list of drinks - I went with the caipirinha which was great - and the staff seemed really cool and inviting.  One of the bartenders was even out on the floor dancing for part of the night.
If you are from the neighborhood you probably don't go to this place- if you catch my drift. What is it about Brazilian theme places that attracts such slime balls?  Oh right. I'm not entirely sure why this place hasn't been shut down due to noise disturbances and the street chaos outside their doors yet. It's our own little W27nd Street. Ugh. Let's put it this way, when I am walking home at night and this place is open, I go out of my way not to walk by it.
I wanted to give them more stars.  And I wanted to like them more. So, I don't know.  Here we are. Bembe is sooooo small.  The downside to this is how popular it is.  Not only does that mean there is no room to dance, but it also means you will be grabbed and touched in every place imaginable... constantly. The reason I was on the fence in giving 3 stars is because of music and the drinks. The music was good.  But the drinks were okay.  And pricey.  And hard to get because the bartenders are overwhelmed. I don't know.  I am so upset. I wanted to like this place but I just couldn't.  Boo.
I always have a blast here. The music is always on point. They play variety of eclectic music. It's a mixture of everything: Latin, Caribbean, Brazilian, Reggae. Usually it's a DJ accompanied by live percussion. They definitely know how to keep you moving & having fun.   Cash bar only -Drink to try: Caipirinha
I only go to Bembe on Tuesday for Reggae Tuesdays and honestly it's a cool out spot. Free entrance, decent music- although the DJ sometimes mix w/ 2 left feet, its a cool spot. I usually go w/ my homegirl and we always have a good time! jokes all night... Drinks are good, ppl cool, and free entrance Lol! It can get very crowded though and HOT in the summer time, so be ware. In the winter time, there's no coat check--just some hooks, maybe 3 on the pole by the bar, but hey whatever.... I'm not too fond of the restroom area...where you wash ur hands etc--there's no light...VERY dark...a chic can't even make sure her lipgloss is intact lol but hey it is what it is....
This place has always had a great vibe and I'm glad to see it hasn't changed much since I first visited in 2004. But I must agree with Nitro, the crowd now is a far cry from what it used to be. I used to be able to alone and have a good time meeting random new people or meeting up with friends but now depending on the night and who's at the door, I need to take off my hat and/or need to have a girl with me to enter...Huh? Unfortunately these factors are what have deterred  me from returning as often as I'd like to.
As I write this review, my head is still a little fuzzy from the ONE caipirinha I had at Bembe last night. Strong, yes, but absolutely delicious. As for the rest of the place, I absolutely loved it. Bembe's down-to-earth, genuine, and lively...if I wasn't leaving the country so soon, I'd come here on a regular basis. It certainly gets as crowded as everyone has reported, but I happen to like that kind of an atmosphere. When you're surrounded by easy-going people who just want to dance and have a good time, it tends to put you at ease. BY FAR, my favorite part of this spot was the music. In my opinion, Afro/Latin music is the best to shake your hips to. The DJ spins the best: cumbia, salsa, remixed pop Latino, Afro-beat...I didn't stop dancing from the time I walked through the doors until the moment I left. Not to mention the fact that he played one of my favorite Nigerian songs halfway through the night...obviously, I went nuts.
Came here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. Great Vibes..... Prepare to Dance..... Cozy spot..... Gets Crowded.....No room to dance Live bongo drums that plays along with the Latin-Afro beat music. Nice to bring a date and get "loose" on the dance floor
They have watermelon shots?!!! I'm totally going there again. This Friday actually. I've been there once, taken by a musician friend, stayed for 5 minutes, have yet to hear their music, and YET to have even one drink. I already fell in love with Bembe. Romantic, definitely, and that place is mesmerizing.
Don't tell anyone.... THE BEST PLACE TO DANCE IN NYC.... Do not expect: a club, room to stand/sit/breath, not to be squished, sweat!, be hit on by various "latino" men of all ages, dance with strangers, to not see some hipster billyburg peeps... Here is the deal you will have the time of your life IF....let me say IF......you like to dance.....if NOT go to some crappy west 27th club and stare at people.... But go if you love to dance......stick it out on a slow night it always get hoppin'! Oh man I wanna dance now!
Bembe was a great time on a Friday night! It was VERY crowded when we got in there by 1230am, near the 1am mark however we manage to get through the tight, squeezed in crowd and made it to coat check. The music was festive and lively, and the drummers who were there made it a different cultural experience I wasn't use to in the NYC nightlife where all you would hear is trance/house/top 40 music. This place was definitely an escape to a different scene of dance clubs, and I will be going back. Possibly a bit earlier so we can get a head start to a fun night! Drinks are reasonably priced ($3 beers, where will you EVER find that in Manhattan?) and the crowd is good and generally friendly. Until next time, Bembe!
I LOVE BEMBE!!! I went on a Tuesday night and it was amazing. I felt so proud to be West Indian and there was not one ounce of negativity. Bembe was PACKED to the max so it's best to find a comfortable corner because that will be your dancing area for most of the evening. The DJ did an excellent job mixing dancehall, soca and calypso from old school to new tunes!!! The only time I heard the DJ's voice was when someone misplaced their license. Bembe felt like a funky basement party where everyone let go of all their inhibitions and just DANCED their hearts out. You will leave Bembe soaked. Also ladies you will probably have to take a trip to the hair salon the next day, but IT'S WORTH IT! Literally, you will be dancing all night and leave there feeling like you had an outter body experience. If you haven't gone to Bembe yet, you are seriously missing out.
Thursday night ? wanna dance in williamsburg ? Bembe is the place to go. very good music, a little bit too packed, no cover charge. Easy to get in. I like the vibe, didn't stay too long but definitely would like to come back and check it out for longer time.
For drinks, dancing and good vibes, Bembe is by-far my favorite place in NYC. Now it all depends on what you're looking for in music. I love their Reggae nights when the rum punch is on tap and the DJ is pulling out some classic roots. However, there are nights when you can catch Afro-Cuban, Latin, Top 40, and Funk. It's hard not to love the music here, especially on the right night. My only bone to pick is the fact that it does tend to get crowded on the "good" nights where you'll without a doubt be packed like sardines by 11:30pm. I've found a way around that problem though, come early! Overall, the staff is great, the congas that guests are welcomed to play are a nice addition to the ambiance, and the drinks are always strong. Try the Mango-Guava margarita!
I loved the atmosphere ! Friendly lots of mixed music live drums ! Lots of people great club experience in a lounge setting!!
How can I NOT give Bembe 5 stars?   If you're looking for a good dance beat and super strong vodka tonics, this is the place for you.   Never left sober or dry.
Bring your best get ya groove on gear and leave the attitude found in most NYC lounges at the MF'ing door please...this place is not only my local (live block away) it is likely one of the best spots in Wburg to slip into a more tropical environment with super cocktail's. caipirinhas, mojitos and other great infused adult beverages.... The musica tends towards the best of Brazil, Cuba, Africa and a mix of great underground global electronica that keeps the people steppin nicely (whatever the f**ck that means to you) it's a hot spot (literally) not poppin' till later like 12 onwards which keeps the amateur element at a minimum......even if this wasnt stumbling distance to my crib i'd go out of my way to check this place out..A plus vibes
Cool place. I was here last Saturday and had a great time. Very tiny, so dancing here can be challenging, but the music is original and the live percussions add a cool touch to it. Drinks are not expensive and people seem to be nice enough...did not notice weirdos or annoying drunks while I was there. The temperature gets pretty high, so prepare yourself to some serious sweating! Sexy vibe and world feel. Recommended.
Good drinks Everyone Dancing Live drumming along with a mix of reggae, salsa, samba n oldies Only thing it that it has a really small bathroom but if you can get over it then you'll have a blast. No cover ladies ( at least on sat) Def check it out
This is an awesome place.  I had the most authentic capirinha outside of Brazil.  They are Ice limes sugar and a lot of cachaca all for a reasonable six bucks (and a wicked hangover the next day). The place is cool, the dancing is hot and music is awesome.  The live percussion is pretty tight.
Sweat Box. The reviews made the place sound so charming and exotic, but it was so cramped and small and there were way too many people NOT dancing. GTFO. I've never taken the J, M, Z before and you already know how effed up the trains are during the weekend, so it was a trek. When I first got off the train, felt uneasy walking around in a seemingly ghetto neighborhood in clubbing clothes. However, the closer you get to Bembe, the nicer the neighborhood gets. It's actually across the street and down the block from the Peter Lager Steakhouse. So..yes, the music is crazy good, but I was sweating in 5 minutes flat, and half of that time was trying to squeeze my way over to the coat check which is inconveniently located on the far side of the room. Two and a half minutes is a LONG time to cross a room if it would only take 4 seconds when it's empty. My sister and friend and I really tried to make the most of it, but it was just uncomfortable. I would come back because the music was excellent, but I would come suppperrr early (we got there around 11:30p) so I could actually have a chance to dance.
I Like the eclectic crowd and culture that this place has to offer...  I didn't have to pay to get in, the crowd is very welcoming , and the musis is great..  but i can't ignore the obvious.. yes the men here will undress you with their eyes and discretion is not very popular in this place LOL.. one guy had the nerve to try and  hit on me while i was dancing with my boyfriend!!!!!  really guy?!?!?!? are you kidding me??? yes it gets extremely crowded.. i mean never in my entire life of partying have i ever wanted to stay close to the exit hoping for a  20 degree  breeze to come through but overall i guess it can be considered a good venue if A) you don't mind random guys trying to make you their next conquest and   B) people sweating in places that one should never sweat doesn't bother you.. ~ciao
Good atmosphere, good music, mature crowd for sure but I felt like the female blonde bartender was being rude and avoiding me ordering drinks. I was having a good time till I had to deal with her attitude. Thursday night into Friday.
Bembe really captures the latin vibe well. You almost feel like you're at a beach bar in Brazil. The best part is the drinks. You must try the watermelon vodka. I should mention that the bar is located in a random part of Williamsburg, but its worth it, trust me.
I'm an old school Latin music lover, bembe was okay at best. The drinks and beer were inexpensive and the atmosphere in general is chill. The DJ kept playing African rhythms and the dude playing the congas was off his game, The flow of the music was pretty off. A fair cover charge would keep out some of the riff-raff and wanna bee's and maybe create a smoother vibe instead of getting. constantly elbowed by dudes who are dancing like cavemen
I went on a Wednesday night to celebrate a friend's birthday so it was a little slow to start. However, it did get better as the crowd started coming in. The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because I went on a weekday night. I'm sure that it's a better spot on the weekend. Pros: Cheap Drinks Cons: Cash Only, no real dancing room.
First time at Bembe. Unfortunately, the waves of Moses didn't part once I walked into the place. Cons: -TOO small of a space for the number of people inside. There was barely any room to dance -Cover charge didn't make sense for such a small place, but it was the weekend, so i GUESS I understand -Too HOT. Granted it was chilly outside, but heat should be regulated better. Pros: -Coat check -Moderate drink prices; by moderate I mean "average" or "normal"... 7 bucks for a beer. -GREAT music. Had some variety, but mostly... African-Techno.. Dance type of music? Hard to explain. Very enjoyable. For the latinos out there, they played Suavemente by Elvis Crespo. MAJOR cool points in my latin-book. Probably will never return.
I was really excited when Peter D. posted a review of Bembe since I was looking for a new spot to hang out while in NYC. However, I was rather disappointed with the place, after all the stellar reviews I read. Perhaps their Sundays are their laid back nights, which wasn't an issue. The bartender didn't seem that friendly, considering it was pretty early in the night. And the mojitos we got were nothing to rave about; they were pretty bad. There was a jazz band performing which was a nice surprise, but all of their music sounded the same after the first 3 or so songs. All in all, it wasn't crowded which was nice. But some couples in the corners were definitely in PDA mood; next time get a room guys. So I was disappointed in my visit, but I still loved the atmosphere. I may come back on a return visit as long as its a busier night!
I had my birthday party here on a Saturday night and it was a pretty good time. The music was great, the mojitos were delicious, and my friends and I all had fun. We did run into some problems though, which was to be expected. 1. Luckily a bunch of us got there around 10pm so we were able to check our coats, get drinks and dance no problem. But at around 11pm it got ridiculously crowded. SO crowded to the point that my more laid back, non-NYC friends couldn't handle it and they had to leave. It's definitely not fun to not be able to move! 2. The music was a little too loud! 3. I let Bembe know, via their website, that I would be having a party there with about 20 friends. Of course, when I got there, they didn't know about this. For this reason, my friends who got there late were not allowed in because it was over capacity at that point. I'll have to come here on a week night next time!
This place is fire! Cool Vibe, Great music, and a load of people gyrating to a unified rhythm. Live percussion, Brazilian funk, Salsa, Afro-beat, Culture and Dancehall can be found here on any given night. My music, My people, My Flavor.
Bembe keeps it real.  Not too hipster - has a great local feel to it. The music is great! Keeps you dancing and moving.  Friendly bartenders and bouncers. If you like going to really crowded bars I would go a little later in the night.   It tends to be more of a late night crowd - from my experience.
I loved this place as soon as I came in.  Kind of hidden (look for the blue light and tiny rectangular window). We got there really early on a Saturday night (around 8pm) and it seemed pretty quiet until around 10.  Between 10 and 10:30 this place transformed.  It got packed and the music started going.   Music had a lot of Brazilian flavor with some afro-pop mixed in. Just a great place to have a great time!
If you are looking for great, cheap, well made drinks and amazing music this is the place! However, it is NOT for everyone. The small inconspicuous corner bar is dimly lit and easy to pass by. However, when you get inside, the music and various kinds of bongos is loud, festive and SWEATY! If you like caribbean beats, latin music, brazilian vibes, then this is a great place. Expect to dance, sweat and drink! Alwasy a place that makes you feel alive.
First off, I have mad respect for Bembe bc my 1st time coming here was prob about a year to this date (I know bc I was here for Pride), and the latin music (which I previously never listened to) was so amazing, that I not only danced til morning, but when I went back home, I turned on the Latin station and NEVER TURNED IT OFF... for nearly a year. As in til maybe last month. No songs in English besides the little they played, or the little in clubs I frequented. I became outright obsessed w Latin music (to the point I can sing the songs fluently) and dancing and I have Bembe to thank for my new-found passion (Music, & now dancing too, comprises a big part of my happiness, but rock was boring the hell out of me so of course I a bit 'lethargic' in a sense until that crystallizing Bembe moment.) Came back today for my girl's birthday and forgot why I fell in love w music again! It was little Latin... mostly Brazillian, which can be okay if all the Samba is avoided. So caught up w friends mostly which is still cool. Most important was that my friend had a good time since that was the only reason I came! What YOU should know tho about Bembe: FAR (and like the worst trains ever--JMZ or 10 long blocks to L) CROWDED--extremely ; my bday girl was mostly outside! WARM--no A/C, so once YOU dance, HOT! Door is a little iffy; curly guy had a weird attitude; wasn't letting some in
The music is poppin' The bouncers (at least for me this time around) were great guys, easygoing not stiffs. The place is crowded, it adds to the fun. Naturally no club is complete without its random people who don't belong but I really can't complain. I had some guests visiting, took them here, they had fun. I had fun. Good times. I definitely plan on coming back.
I haven't been to Bembe recently.  However, a few years ago, this was THE hangout spot for me and my group of friends.   It's kind of funny because I really hated the Latin music that they played, the place would be SO packed that it would take forty-five minutes just to get a drink, and even eking out a place on the dance floor would be difficult.   However. literally three quarters of my friends are either Latin or have Latina girlfriends, so the sexy dancing was definitely a plus.  I've also had so EPIC good times here.   I remember going here with my boyfriend and his best friend, and we got so wasted that we ended up over by the band and my bf and his friend somehow wound up playing guitar and drums for the house band, respectively, while I seductively danced along.   Everyone in Bembe is clothed scantily, covered in sweat from dancing, and feeling frisky.  If you have a significant other and a sexy group of friends, you should have a good night here as long as you don't mind the horrific crowds that plague the place.
This is a great place to go dancing and people watching on a friday night. The drinks are moderately priced and the DJ is really good (he spins latin/salsa/cuban music on fridays). Bembe is a pretty small place, but really fun. Get ready to dance and sweat.
I love love love this place. I have been a handful of time in the past two months and I had told everyone that they MUST come here although I don't want to see them when I go hehehe.  Anywho it is a pretty small place and honestly you would miss it when you are walking if it was not for the bouncers standing outsiders and the cheery smokers holding it down.  The bouncers are pretty friendly and they do not play, if someone is being inappropriate they move faster than you can say "uhh not interested."  There is a great balance as well of males and females so you don't have to come with a partner. & uuhhhh LIVE DRUMMING!!! Where can you begin to go wrong with that .... NOWHERE! I rarely give 5 stars but it was definitely deserved for this place it is a potential reg spot so that I never have to leave Brooklyn again :-)  Everyone is really friendly too haven't encountered anyone especially rude which makes the vibe even better no hate just people look to party down One side note 2 wks ago they had a dj Venezuelan from Miami and he was HORRIBLE! I am not sure who he was playing for probably only himself because he was smiling & bobbing his head while people stop dancing and were just standing around.  Also his music was all pre-mixed so the drummers were made null & void not cool since that is a big draw to come here. Lastly at one point he stepped outside and his music just kept on going without him umm sugar cakes if that is possible then you could have just loaned out your laptop and stayed home for the night.  He was also on his phone constantly on fb & taking pictures of the crowd mmmm focus on the music ..... Though I have not purchased drinks myself I hear that they are expensive, beer is $5 and they have quite a few to chose from, not sure about shots and they have bottled water which I think is like $4 but not hold me too it.
Came here one fateful night with some girlfriends on a whim in order to get out of Manhattan and get a taste of Brooklyn.  So happy we wandered into Bembe. I hate those Friday nights where you are all excited to get out after a long week and after getting dressed up, waiting in line, paying way too much for a few drinks, and feeling miserable in your high heels you go home disappointed.  This was a refreshing change to the usual nights out in Manhattan! I loved the laid-back, chill atmosphere and the music had me dancing like a free spirit!  And they had all these fun drinks that were really cheap!  I was drinking something made with fresh watermelon... I came back a few weeks later with a group of friends and had a really great time the second time around. Despite the distance, it is definitely worth it for several hours of relaxed abandonment!
Freakin' love this place.  It is cash only- which is a bit of a bitch but we went here on Sunday- which is an open jam night, I believe.  It was really awesome.  Chill vibe, chill people- perfect ambiance. Definitely be coming back!
This is one of those places I keep finding myself consistently coming back to. Cheap, delicious drinks. Hot, sweaty, intense dance floor with drums playing on top of Latin or Caribbean music.  Usually find myself dancing here until the sun rises after a night out in NYC. Usually no line and minimal waiting time, perfect if you want to go out for a night of dancing without the hassle of dealing with clubs in Manhattan.
Dance your heart out to world music powered by dulce morena shots and capetas (spelling?). Awesome staff and music. Bring your dancing shoes!
Friendly people.  I've heard from girls that they do get bumped-and-ground on like nobody's business, but they also tell me they keep going back.  I think that's a whole other conversation. If you go with a friend or two, you'll have a fun crowded time, so you better like each other.  If you go with a date and you're willing to dance (you have to dance - don't come otherwise), you'll be intimately sharing the lack-of-space, so be prepared to get to know each other.  I've chatted with a number of people here over the blaring music, folks are friendly - a self-selecting crowd of people uninhibited enough to dance to salsa, samba, and merengue. And spare that bartender some work.  Mojitos take a lot of effort!  They're excellent, but now and then order an easier drink than that. I did go in once, though, and could literally see vapor in the air, from all the sweat.  Gross, sure -- but it was summer, and the other nights I didn't notice anything like that, I was having so much fun.  This given night, I left, it was so crowded, I wouldn't have been able to deal.  Show up at 10:30 or so when the night is starting, that's when the live percussionists start playing along with the actual music.  Before that it's pretty un-crowded and might be more awkward.  Way after that it's going to be packed.
Being Brazilian, this place really brings back home for me. Great samba music and authentic caipirinhas. It can tend to get crowded and really hot in there. But overall, it's a great place.
Great place! Great vibes! Great music! Great drinks! Go on Tuesday nights for reggae night. It won't disappoint! I promise!
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) Amazing Reggaeton DJ accompanied with live drumming and COWBELL 2) Narrow hallway but lots of dancing and friendly vibe 3) Got a free CD mix Cons: 1) Can get cramped and coat check is a pain...good luck trying to make way to the bar for a drink (or just stay there if you need it)
Wow, this place was FAAAAAABULOUS!   There was so much energy inside this place.  I was dancing the minute I stepped in.  You just can't help it, you WANT to dance!  The salsa, samba, you name it.  I walked out sweaty, hungry and tired from the incredible night of dancing. I was able to snag a seat late in the evening (or early in the morning depending on your point of view), in the downstairs area. Great for people watching.  The drinks were tasty...mmm...the mojitos...... The actual club itself is as diverse as the city.  The interior is made of recycled items from throughout the city. Bonus points for being green.
Bembe is like a wonderful dancing dream with a DJ and percussion. But a Saturday summer night dream with no AC and an elbow and swaying bodies gauntlet to get to the bar. Everyone is beautiful and dancing to music I can't get where I am. No parking on the dance floor, people! Get moving or get outside. I wish it were bigger than a bar and that the downstairs was open. Its hot and sweaty and in the tightly packed space, you can feel other hot sweaty people. Yeah, couldn't take that for long. Even from beautiful people.
YES! YES! YES! YES! 5 fucking *s every tiime I've ever EVER been to Bembe! Yay for: * a hammock! * Caiparinia's made consistantly perfectly each and every time * My wallet, discovered, intact, and preserved 'till the next day * Neo-Brazillian fusion with: a dj spinning traditional music and someone performing under over and around it ("someone" may vary from singers, percussionists, guitarists, etc.) * People actually DANCE TILL DAWN here..literally spilling into the streets! Also, they occasionally have this crazy special which involves sucking on a lime dipped in cocoa and coffee..Highly recommended. PS: if you didn't get it already, Bembe MEANS rhythm!
Cuba + Coney Island = How could this not be a good time? I went to Bembe a couple of days after Xmas and felt like I'd circumvented winter.  My mojito was perfect (it plus a Johnny Walker Red on the rocks cost $16) & the mood was very laid-back tropical.  My fellow commented that it felt like a better version of what Surf Bar aspires to be.  I can feel it. The incense is a little much, as is the reggae, but both feel appropriate.  I don't think it'll ever top my list of places to go just 'cause, but I'm adding it to the roster for cool spots to introduce to out-of-town guests.  Brooklyn has a little slice of everything & that's part of what I love about it.
I use to love this place...really folks you are all freaking artist...everyone who walked in had paint on his/her jeans and shoes...looks like they drove in from LI and  threw paint on themselves...get over yourselves. Drinks and music are still good...Sunday's use to be the best night what a shame.
I went here for all of about 15 minutes. We were part of a birthday pack of about 10 people and we could hardly get through the door. The downstairs was under renovations, yes, but then do not stuff more people in an establishment than you can fit. Music seemed good but with no where to turn and no bar space to order drinks, we hit the road. WHACK ATTACK, Bembe. Especially since I've heard so many good things about you. Perhaps one day, I will give you another whirl and we can promote you to your big boy stars of FOUR. If you want to over achieve, we can go for FIVE. But until you show me something more, you can keep your TWO.
Went to this place for a Co-worker's B-day celebration and it was the perfect little spot to chill.  Music was great! Not your typical hip-hop, pop, TOP 40's that you hear everywhere else.  Great Afro-latino blend of chill music.  Great decor, great atmosphere; place was packed. Right in the yuppie part of the up and coming Williamsburg area of Brooklyn. Under the Williamsburg Bridge.   PROS: Dulce Morena: Shot of Tequila yet Lime is dipped in Cocoa and Coffee...Awesome! CONS: If you're a group of guys you might not get it.
This place gets crowded. Sardines-in-a-can type of packed. Sometimes they open the basement level, sometimes they don't... And if they, for some reason, decide not to open the lower level, then.. yeah,expect a lot of bumping from all sides. The good thing about this place is that the music is always GREAT! Latin and Brazilian mostly. Awesome beats that  beat the crowding.
U either love it or hate it, yes it gets crowded, yes it's small, but I love this place. I go all the time on Different days nd I guess fri, sat are the nights it gets crowded! Great music, dancing nd drinks!
This is my new favorite bar in the city. The soul-funk was really good. They had a dj spinning soul-funk mixed with afro-beat and electro. Then, they also had a live brass band with a sick saxophonist. I liked that they also had a tuba player. You don't see that everyday. The crowd was an attractive mix of older, more mature, and sexier group of people. It's nice and diverse. I would say that I got hit on and bothered more than I would prefer, but 95% of the time it was relatively respectful. GREAT music (some of the best in the city). Good crowd, Nice decor. Great art on the walls, and overall fun dancing. Loved it.
Came here recently for a friend's birthday party. I arrived around 10pm and it was not too crowded. By 11-11:30 the place was jam packed with all types of people. Yes, there will be a few creepers but they are respectful. The music was mostly a DJ and once in a while drummers will play along. As far as drinks- the mojitos are awesome! Lost a star for the small size - there apparently was a downstairs but it was closed. P.S. - Put your dancing shoes on as you WILL look weird if you are not dancing.
Bembe is the perfect hole in the wall late night hang out spot. Definitely a "cozy" space and I'm pretty sure I avoided the infamous sardine situation by going on a Thursday night. Drinks were made and priced just right. Tunes were ridiculous... couldn't stop random body parts from moving to the Caribbean and Latin beats. Very eclectic crowd who just wanted to dance and have a good time as did I. Even the security dudes at the door brought their sense of humor to work. Will be back!
I love this place. Weeknights are better (a lot less crowded)  but the music is always danceable, the crowd usually eclectic, and there's consistently the smell of weed. This is a place you can go to make out, chill, or just dance your head off.
I've been here twice, on Saturday nights and yes its fun. I had no issues at the door but then again I was there with female friends both times. The music is fun and what makes it better is the live percussion accompaniment. It does get packed in there so maybe you should try another night besides a Sat. if your averse to elbows and spilled drinks. Now for the bad. This happened on my second visit and this was not cool, at all. I asked for a round of Patron shots for my group, tab $80+. What I got was well tequila. Isn't there a law against this? Oh wait...there is! I can honestly say that I won't be going back. Not only did they turn away someone who was giving them good word of mouth but actually took people to their establishment. Now I'm just compelled to write this review so others can learn from my experience. They actually lost other patrons that night, those from my group. I'm sure they don't mind. But sooner or later though you'll start to wonder where your clientele went. The same party goers aren't going to keep your joint running forever and if you rip of your new ones, well, sayonara...
Ok Hubby and I will prob be regulars!! Great vibe...awesome music..hubby and I danced all night and nice cold $5 Heinekens!!! It's just a bit small but it's worth the music and cold beers!!!
I'll start off by saying that the only reason that Bembe doesn't get 5 stars is because I wish it was bigger and that there was more room for dancing. This is one of the most laid-back, authentic and downright fun places to hang out in Williamsburg...a place getting increasingly trendy, boring and hipster-ish. Last time I went was for my birthday, and the music was absolutely perfect. He had a salsa/latin/afro-cuban music with live djembe drummers. There was no cover although the drinks were pretty expensive. They do have some designer drinks that use fresh fruit (I personally enjoyed the coconut one) that are made from scratch. I recommend this place for anyone looking to dance to a variety of world music and be around others who want to do so as well. Be careful though, cause it gets busy!!
This pace is the best of the worse. The people there are not the best dancers in NY for sure. I mean, not like Gonzalez & Gonzalez or Latin Quater type dancers but they sure have fun. You can definably have a great time even if you have two left feet. The Bartenders are "OK". I mean, they're cute but if you're a little tipsy and not paying attention to your drink tab you will get charged a little more for the same drinks every now and again. I don't know if it's because there's two bartenders and they're not connected or on the same level or if they were trying to get over on me but whatever. Dj's normally cool and the people come there to have fun and don't really care who's watching. Everyone is pretty approachable within the crowd so you shouldn't have a problem getting a dance partner for a song or two. I'd go there on Wed or Thurs because the people that are there are there to have a good time and it's not over crowded. It's a nice group but not to much. Way to crowded over the weekends for sure. I mean, the place is not that big... Casual dress, free entrance, beautiful people. All around good place but watch the bartenders and your tab. S'all I'm say'n...
Moved to Brooklyn so I could be closer to this place... enough said. If you come after midnight, expect to sweat. Don't leave without trying the watermelon drink.  Guava mojito is a close second.
Such a fun place to go on Saturday night.  People dancing, drums playing...but one piece of advice, it's a cash bar and don't bring any old money, they won't take it.
This is a haven for the person who likes to take it back to when we partied in basements.Yes its the shit! Its crowded but who the fuck cares with the sexy ass crowd thts in there on anightly basis. The bouncers are friendly and not ass holes-no cover-great strong drinks-and jembe drums.....say what? This is the only place I dontcomplain to travel to. They always serve the business. LoveLOve this place. 2 floors of carnival is what it is!
Been here a couple times, never when the basement was open, as so the place is tight-up, TINY! So don't carry alot, don't wear alot, be ready to sweat and rub up against sweaty bodies. I give music 5 stars, the drummers are a great addition. Drinks I give 3 stars, there tasty at times but sometimes its either really cheap alcohol, or and overdose on the sour ( stomach knots), price isn't too bad, bartenders are nice. Overall having a good time 4-5 stars,  it seems the more and more they cut out new yorkers, "not including the the recent williamsburg  urban angst generation=why are you so angry?", the less and less fun this place gets.... but its still a good time for now!
Has anybody ever been on a Monday night ? I wanna know if its poppin or just a chill spot "Monday" I wanna come party and don't feel like going to the city Labor Day Monday
LOVE IT! I had a great time here.  Very chill place, with chill people (good mix of ethnicities) everyone just there to have a good time.  Location is a little isolated and a no frills environment and smells of incense (which kept taking me back to my days in middle school). The drinks are very reasonably priced and STRONG!  You will have no problem getting a buzz. I went on a Tuesday night which was reggae night the music was good. I came early around 9:30/10 so it was fairly empty so you are able to find seating at the bar or in the lounge area.  Even know the venue is really small.  Around 11:30/12am it's packed to where you can barely move but it doesn't matter if you are just there to dance and vibe to the music. Good luck making it to the bathroom though! Nice spot to hang with a significant other or group friends.
Fun, somewhat hidden dance spot right under the Williamsburg bridge.  Nowdays many people have heard of Bembe for its sexy, eclectic dj spinning scene.  Lots of fun, good music and relatively (for the amount of people stuffed into the tiny space) calm crowd.  It gets very hot, sweaty and crowded in there so be forewarned and have fun!
It's a sea of humanity stuck in a bathtub in there. But this is the only place I've been to where it works when it's that crowded. The music is phenomenal, the people are beautiful in an eclectic, low-maintenance, and modest manner and everyone I've met there is really friendly and an incredible dancer.
I haven't been to Bembe in a long time & I was really looking forward to it tonight.  Well, tonight will be the LAST time I will ever go there!!  The music was fine.... shout out to DJ Medina.... the crowd was decent (not too many hipsters) .... but it was so oppressively hot inside!  Even when the crowd thinned out a bit, it was way too hot to dance for more than 10 minutes,  let alone drink any alcohol... It felt like I was stuck on a subway car with no A/C surrounded by tons of sweaty / sticky / smelly strangers trying to dance. The owners need to invest in a better cooling system ASAP!  Until then - avoid this SWEAT BOX!
Let me give you the bad news! They don't open on weekdays until seven. And this place can get a bit to crowded. Other than that this is a hot spot. I am kinda to afraid to review it. In fear that this gem will be taken from me. So the good news is that if you are looking for a not your average lounge then this is it. I am in love with their drinks. Only ask for anything native to Brazil, this is what they do best. I can not wait to go back later this month for a birthday party. :)
This place is fun, I've been coming here for years. Always packed, loud and sweaty. Good energy -no wanna be gangsters- bartenders who know how to make a drink, music is always just right. Consistent, monday-sunday... dance hall energy, local bar feel... very rare.
If your looking to find a place to dance to some Latin music, look no further. Bembe is a really cool place in a pretty trendy neighborhood in Brooklyn and the place was packed when we got there, they played some Brazilian music mostly, and it really got everyone in a good mood. i didn't order a drink from this place it was too packed, but i got my groove on with the music here.
All i can say about this place is that it sucks, horrible no room to walk, move, breathe. For all of this they now charge. Dont ever go here. EVER
Fun place.  Went there for the first time last night and quite enjoyed the guava & mango margaritas and salsa dancing.  It was pretty mellow when we got there around 10, but by midnight it was packed and a little hectic (but mostly in a good way).
came on a saturday to escape the hordes of "others" coming into the city.  met up with some cool folks and the dancing never stopped. strongly suggest you have a free day the next day lol. was a bit hung over and I never really feel that way. killer music, love the vibe. lovely! yes, it's the bomb.
If you're looking for a place to be creeped on by unattractive dudes, Bembe is the place for you. Also: homophobe central. My friend had her birthday party here without having been here before... Mistake! Most of our group was gay, and we made it clear we weren't enjoying being aggressively hit on by the sleazy guys who seem to make up the usual clientele. However, we had to deal with inappropriate advances the entire night. It didn't help that the place is very small, making it even easier for the sweaty musclemen to grind on whoever they please. At one point, my girlfriend danced between the birthday girl and a guy who repeatedly was trying to grab the b-day girl's ass. Pissed at being cock-blocked, he told her she needed to chill out and threw her hat on the ground. She pushed him, and he proceeded to hit her in the mouth. (Seriously?!) She had a busted lip the next day. He and his friend then began to threaten us, saying they worked there. I've never see so much homophobia or so much testosterone packed into one bar. Also, as mentioned in a couple previous reviews, the bouncers openly will not let in guys who don't have girls with them, which is already a red flag. If I want to hear some live percussion, I'd rather find a stoner drum circle. At least then there would be nice people and cheap booze.
Not generally the type of place I go to, but I thought it was fun anyhow.  The drinks were tasty and the crowd was pretty poppin.  Now if only I were more beautiful and a better dancer, I might actually fit in there...
Is there a better margarita west of the Mississippi to be found? I think not.  The bartenderess' concoction of tequila, triple sec, mango and guava juice was manna from heaven to keep the chill off a very cold winter's eve. To put the frosting on the cake, my drinking companion was none-other-than Nadja, our new SF to NYC transplant.  She's been here before and apparently it heats up later in the night, but we were only here to whet our palettes for a party later on. I shall definitely be back to this place when I need to get my Latin groove on in NY.
Tiny little sweatboxes make for the best dance parties. Great salsa, samba, calypso, gumbo -- whatever the vibe is, everyone just goes with it. Although not hipster-free, there is enough (dwindling) local flavor to keep the party jumpin'. They do make strong, strong drinks here, though I've never thought of that as a drawback. Combined with the crowededness, you're guaranteed to make at least one very good new friend.
4.5 great drinks, really great crowd (not DB), amazing music, bumpin, grindin and drumbs.  african artwork, mix of latin and african.  great great place.
Maybe im getting old. Maybe im just not that cool anymore. Maybe I am not the type of person meant for this bar. I dont love it here. My idea of a good time is having a comfortable personal space, a drink in my hand, and an audible conversation. If thats what you seek, you will definitely not find it at bembe. In a land of ultra hipsters, this hole in the wall lounge brings people from all ends of the world to party here. ANd by world I mean all of brooklyn queens and manhattan. I arrived at 8 and the joint was empty. It was lovely. I had a seat on a sofa, I had a 4 oz caiprinha (that cost $8)  and i had a great conversation with my friends. Until the crowds rolled in. WHen i say crowds... i mean stand in a tile that is 9inches x 9inches. Look down at that tile. And there you have a slight idea of the kind of space you are entitled to when you party here. You might get lukcy and get a little more space... but this place is PACKED.  They let in HOARDS of people. (like, hello fire saftey violations!) Moving anyhwere is nearly impossible. And on top of that, those that are already in the bar are dancing. stepping on you. Bumping into you and spilling your over priced beverage. I am probably not appreciating it for what it is. The music is awsome. the live conga is fantastic. But the ambiance is ruined when your more concerned about how you will survive if there was a fire.
I've heard about this place from a number of friends and finally was taken here on Fri. It was the third stop of the night, so several drinks deep and after two bars/clubs, made it to Bembe. What a great time! OMG - the Capirenias (sp?) are so good, and super strong. The music is kick-ass. No joke, some of the best music i've heard. It was afro-cuban, cumbia, samba, salsa, haitian, etc. Live music too. Such a cool placeand great time with good friends. Am def coming back!
I didnt stay long but for one thing, It was very crowded packed. Literally like sardines. The crowd does always rotate and the music really gets you going! Could potentially turn into a 1000 calories lost in a workout if you really going in dancing and shaking that bembe!
Prob the best dance spot in the burg!!!  Great music, drinks, n people.  I think the ladies are catching on to this "meat  market", hence the ones who now go seem a bit stuck up. Anyway place is to small, gets to hot but thats all good durning winter time. I still find my self going back, some one care to tell me y???
I love going out in williamsburg, I never know where the night and places will bring me (adventure!).  This place has such a great vibe on a Thursday night around 11ish when I went.  The music is a mix of stuff, all of which you can dance to and they have live percussion.  A mix of dancers and people all getting funky with themselves - what could be better.  There are places to sit and dance, and there was room to move on the dance floor.  Everyone here was laid back and super friendly, even the bouncer.  That being said the drinks are expensive (for outside the city)!  They also do not take credit cards.  Being a woman, I was not in love with the location of the place a dark, desolate street off of the BQE, I would not go alone at night, I'd go with friends.
Love this place! High energy, great music and the vibe is sexy. You go and you feel the music coming from within you, making your body move in ways you hadn't before. Djs and the live band combine for a real eclectic and unique mix. The music is international, hell they even played a retro bollywood song! that was impressive. It gets crazy packed on the wknds, but it's hella fun. Take your special guy or gal for a romantic night rest of the wk.
Wow - I wound up here on Friday night and had such a good time. A friend had raved to me about this random Brazilian place she had found, but I had never been in the neighborhood before. We got there early enough that got to watch the place fill up and chat with the bartenders as they prepped for a night of tropical drink-making. The mojitos were fabulous and the bartenders are so used to making them that you don't feel guilty for ordering such a labor-intensive drink. We also sampled some vodka/watermelon concotion that they keep on the bar in a watermelon. The music was great and the very diverse crowd was loving it. I will definitely make the trip back. This would be the perfect place to go in the dead of winter when you desperately need some sun - I think the tropical paradise feeling will be there year-round.
You may be standing in front of the place and not even know it. On the door is a small sign that says "Bembe" and the building is dark brown. And you barely hear any music, so it was easy to miss the place if you're not looking hard enough. Once inside, the bar only had a few people inside. We arrived around 10:30pm and it looked like we came before the action started. We got some drinks. We had their house drink. Its a thick coconut drink. It very creamy and tasty. Around 11pm or so, people started rolling in. The place is small as it is but it quickly became smaller when people were dancing and standing around. The music was banging. It was that laid back jamming music. that puts you in the mood. They have another floor downstairs for dancing as well, but they never opened it while I was there. I was getting sleepy. The drinks and the music made me too relaxed. I had a very good time there though. Looking forward to going back and probably dancing to the groovy beat and banging some congos.
Awesome place. Doesn't get too crowded 'til late. Friendly bartenders. Music is not too loud. Yay.
Great place on Thursday
This place is so much fun.  It's like being in the basement at someone's house party - totally laid back and unpretentious.  Went on a Saturday night and the were playing a good mix of Reggae, Salsa, Merengue, Samba.  There was also some Euro House and R&B (Stevie Wonder/MJ Off the Wall) thrown in for good measure.  Very mixed crowd, a great place to go with a group of friends, or even just your best friend.  Lots of tropical, fruity cocktails, too!
This bar/lounge is so much fun, the mango guava margarita is delish and youll have a great time whether its crowed or just a mellow monday or tuesday night, when its crowed it gets a little to hot, but its amazing energy, and they play Haitian music woot woot lol ok i got excited because im Haitian American , its just rare to find that, overall this place is A++
Being one of those people that is always bashing the lack of cool bars in Williamsburg I was totally pleasantly surprise the other night when a friend brought me to Bembe.  I had been hearing great things about this place and I'm so glad that I finally made it over.  finally somewhere that people actually dance! The crowd was overall friendly and fun, though it was super crowded by midnight...but I still loved it.  I'm not sure about the drinks as I only tried the watermelon one, which was tasty but not great
Went here recently with a couple of friends.  Loved the music, and they had some great drinks.  The bar definetly attracts some funny characters and it's a great place to people watch.
After all the great reviews of this place, we thought we'd hit up this spot for my birthday to do some dancing.  We got there later we wanted to. Arrived about midnight on a Saturday  and it was packed.  It's the type of place my friends and I would refer as a "sweat booth."  We had to fight our way to the bar.  The drinks worked.  They were strong.  Definitely have to have the house shot, tequila chased with a lime dipped in coffee grounds and sugar (ask them to chill the tequila, it's not patron).  Delicious.  Music was so so.  I was hoping for something more recognizable. We did at one point hear all the reggae hits from our 6th grade dance.  That kept us amused for a while.  The live bongo drummer was a unique touch.  I, of course, got to play the bongos, which was really my ultimate goal.  I would go back, but maybe during the week when it's not so crowded. And ladies, it's true what they say about the men there, be careful in skirts and dresses, you never know what might "pop" up behind you.
I love, love, LOVE Bembe! I'm not in to the top 40 music these days. Bembe plays a delicious mix of world music to the beat of live drums every Saturday. The crowd is mixed; some hipster and neo-soul conscious types. But, pretty much people looking to dance and enjoy the beats. I first came here in May and had a great time. I recently went with a date and had a blast! The drinks are strong and reasonably priced. Its really a place to "let your hair down" and be free while you groove to the beats. One thing though is that it is small and crowded at the upstairs bar and in the downstairs dance floor which is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars. Ladies, there are some cuties in here. Some of the drummers and the DJs are nice to look at :)
I immediately dug the vibe at Bembe. I arrived around 10:30pm and only stayed an hour, but this place was obviously getting more awesome as the time went on. DJs Nappy G and Don_Cerati were getting this bar/lounge dancing. Clientele had a large age range, and everyone made the vibe both respectful and fun. I only got a beer - Red Stripe - and it was priced reasonably. Currently there's an art display by a Senegalese artist, including 3-D works and tapestries. The incense by the bar also added to the awesome vibe. I'd definitely come here to dance and chill again!
Bembe is a slice of Caribbean right in Williamsburg. This two floor lounge comes compltere with a dancehall vibe, but DJ's spin everything from funk, rock and reggae to Brazilian, hip and neo-soul. The room is furnished with woven chairs, exposed brick, candles and incense. The bar offers somer seriously sinful drinks like a guava margarita,  or house special rum punch. By the way, that punch can be lethal. Drink them slowly! When you walk in, you almost want to just stay, until you remember that you're in the only "super club" in Williamsburg, so there's always a crowd and it's always a scene.
Hadn't been here in years and since I was in the nabe--I decided to see if it still had that old magic I remembered.    Even though the downstairs is "under renovation," and the percussionists that were supposed to start at 10 hadn't started as of midnight, I thoroughly enjoyed myself!   The DJ was on her game, the barmaid was very cool and there was just the best, relaxed vibe in there.   I talked to an ancient local guy at the bar that was very chill and full of pearls of wisdom.    Just a nice night.   However, we left at midnight and I know that is when this place just starts getting going.--Its almost like 2 different bars depending on when you go.  I may go back next month to check out the "Mr. Hyde" part of the equation.  Will update!
Cool little spot, I went there on a off night so I couldnt experience it in full throttle, but I did get the jist of it.  Music was good, and the crowd was a melting pot.  I enjoyed the decor, the drinks were fairly priced, I found that out when it was my turn to buy the drinks.  The drummers were a plus too, it made for some entertainment.  I plan to go back and see it firing on all cylinders.
Love love this place. Excellent music. Awesome drinks. But wayyyyy too small. Very crowded on weekends and now they charging to get in. what is that about?
Going here was like going to a place in South America or something else! It's so full of life and energy and people! I have no idea how long I danced, but dang my hips don't lie. My gang came here on a Friday around 11ish and it was packed with dancing bodies upstairs and downstairs. I liked downstairs better as it wasn't super crowded and there was better ventilation. I tried their mojito at a reasonable $7 and it was delicious! It is a bit of a trek to get to but so worth it. There are a lot of guys here that want to dance with you, but not in a nasty I'm going to freak and grind up on you without asking kind of way. They seriously just want to dance to salsa, merengue, etc. and also show that their hips don't lie. Cheese ball I know but I love using that line!
1st time at Bembe and it will be the last. It's a shack, no other word to define it. Impossible to dance, jam packed, it was an awful experience. I stayed 10mn and wasted 10$ on cover.
yay for dancey-pants!   Naturally, great music attracts a crowd of great dancers ("great" is relative; hell, if you like dancing, then go you!).  Came here for a three-way birthday party during the summer, and boy, did we make that air downstairs humid!  I had to take a couple dance breaks because I thought I was going to faint - something needs to be done about ventilation downstairs.  The drinks are strong and unique - tequila shots are served with a slice of lime and COFFEE GRINDS - DELICIOUS (who knew)!
Still have only ever been here on a Sunday night but must say it's one of my favorite NY spots. Everyone I bring here is an instant convert, despite tiny quarters and elbow to elbow dancing- it's gold, Jerry, gold.
1Bembe was a great time on a Friday night! 2.Narrow hallway but lots of dancing 3music was mostly a DJ and once in a while drummers will play along.4. cramped 5.a stuggle to get your drinks to the bar
This is not a bad place at all. I would come back (my company didn't like it though). 1) The crowd: Mostly hipster of African, South islands, and South American decent ( no problem, but one should know). There were some groups of girls, but very noticeable were the single men checking out these women and smiling to each passing girl. 2) Atmosphere: As most have mentioned, it's too small and way too crowded. I took a walk across and  had drinks spilled on me and me stepping on people's shoes. There really isn't  any room for dancing (except very tight dancing). The place does have a nice ambiance with bar lights illuminating an otherwise dark room. 3) Music: I liked it. They play some classic jams also many African drums melodies, which I enjoy (my group didn't, so it's not for everyone). You can also play the drums yourself. One negative, the music is extremely loud (way too much for my liking). In all it's an original place. Nice decor, but the crowd not fitting for everyone and the space is too small.
You will be on your feet all night, besides there hardly being any seats, you will DANCE the night away. This place is out of this world. It's a crazy good experience. The range of music from all over the world complimented by oh so good mojitos and caipirinhas make this a great afterwork, or after dinner spot. Bembe is the place to be..if you live in Brooklyn chances are you've been to Bembe and if you haven't, step your Brooklyn game up and head to Williamsburg for a night you won't forget!
The mojitos are awesome! It did get overly crowded and the place is pretty small for that amount of people that were there. However, the crowd overlooks the squeezing and pushing. The music was great. I would come here again... just a bit earlier. it was unfortunate that the one bartender I saw was really busy and it was hard to get her attention for an order of drinks. No biggie, when received.... they were de-lish. Its a cash-only spot, men pay $10. I thought it was really cool to see some men play the hand drums.
Cool place to relax have some drinks w friends and W out friends the music was good i meet up w some cool people most of them are not original from new york is so nice to meet people from all over the states and some other Countries i was there in a Friday the place was pack cool place to dance get drunk and to have fun
Great Relaxed Vibe! A place to drink, hang out, listen to music, and dance if you wanna. I love their capetas!!! It is now my favorite drink!
For one, everything that you read about on yelp about Bembe is very likely true - at one time/instanceor another. Is it small? - yes. Is it fun? - yes. Are the drinks and bartenders good? - yes. Does it get crowded easily? - yes. Can it be instrusive to personal space? - yes. Bembe also isn't for everyone. The music is loud, culturally based (latin/brazilian/caribbean drum and bass mostly), encourages dancing - it will float the boat for some, for others, not. What it is - one of the most unpretentious, diverse, fun, reasonably places to hang out/vibe/people watch/dance at in Brooklyn, and one of the NYC's best kept "secrets". Done.
I take away a star for the insane crowd.  Im sure it was a fire hazard.  The DJ was ok, lots of cumbia, I thought I was in Queens for a sec and his mixes were choppy...no smooth transitions.   Place is a mix of new Williamsburg (hipsters) and old Williamsburg (puertoricans).  The place really gets jamming when the "old" williamsburg set arrives and start jamming on the Congas, cowbell and guiro.  Ahora si hay parrrryyy!!   Unfortunately there is really no space to dance, and look out for the drunk hipsters with two left feet if your wearing open toes. Bartender had a bit of attitude...cojelo con take it easy man....this is South Williamsburg papa not South Hampton ok!
Went there on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. At 10pm the place was pretty empty. By 11pm, there was a decent number of people. By midnight you kind of have to fight your way through the sea of bodies swaying to the music. You can still kinda dance, but don't expect to impress anyone. I stepped on people's feet a few times. But the music the entire night was a good mix of a lot of different genres from Latin to Brazilian to reggae and back again. With $5 Coronas and $7 caipirinhas, the prices were OK, nothing special, but nothing outrageous. If you don't like a packed place, though, it might not be your cup of tea.
Super small funky space with great dance music and a fun vibe.  I arrived early to get my dance on and then had to move out when it got too packed.  Everyone is there to shake their groove thang and shake it we did!!  Good times had by all.
Really cool lil spot, nice crowd, we got there around 11 and it was packed already. My biggest complaint was no room to dance, seriously CROWDED like all get out. I didn't even drink but the drinks sound good. I saw the watermelons and didn't realize they were for shots. Interesting.  I  just danced my ass off the whole time. The music was fun, though the percussionists could have been better (I've been WAY spoiled by top notch musicians, so...), it was still a good time. Worth checking out. I liked the vibe. Honestly though, I wish they had cleared out those little stools and tables upstairs so you could move just a LIL more - they just took up space and got in the way.
I can't remember the last time I was at a place that was this crowded. They really need to either expand or turn it into a reg bar and not one where people are dancing around (and on) you.
Bembe is awesome I take off one star cause it can get quite cramped and every now and then some guy will try to grind on you randomly lol but this place,is so fun the bar tender is cute the door guy is cute the music is loud god I wanna go back!
This place is great.  Getting there is a bitch lol, but the place atmosphere makes up for it.  The place gets really packed so be there early lol.  I like that fact that the type of people that go in there a free spirited and they know they aren't there to just stand there and look like idiots.  This place if for dancing.  If you don't dance and get down than stay home.
LOVED THIS PLACE! My brother and I happened to stumble across this place on a saturday night after going into Donna (awesome place but not what we were looking for). The music- Amazing! The drinks- STIFF! At least the one the female bartender made. This is definitely more of a bar where you can dance rather than an actual club. We danced the night away to a mix of Afro Caribbean and live Congo drums till 4am. I will definitely be going back to Bembe.
Great place to listen to some music unwind, and dance. The down side is the mere fact its on yelp its far past its time. The crowd is a far cry from what it used to be, this makes going a catch 22 at times!
This place was great. Great music, good drinks, but this place gets packed & hot.
There is impromptu dancing in a tiny space that isn't conducive to dancing, but it works anyways. The bartenders are pretty cool. It gets hot & loud & fun in here. Expect to be bumped into, but with a smile on their face.
I stopped by for a friend's birthday tonight and left after 30 minutes. The space is small and very packed on a chilly night like tonight. Small space does not make for a good dance floor with such amazing music. So 2 stars for the music and 1 star for the super cool bartender, Ben, who commended me on not being shy about ordering non-alcoholic beverages (I'm allergic to most alcohol).
I like this place. Inconspicuous location.  It is a bit of a walk from the L train Bedford Avenue stop almost 10 blocks, I believe.  Maybe you could get a group of friends and get a cab or limo service to take you.   It's hidden by it's wooden walls and it's confusing to open door.  It has a unique charm.  The bartender/waitress is great.  They had a huge selection of beers, liquors, and cocktails.  I came here a while ago, on Halloween around 9 pm. The drinks are affordable and if you come before 10 pm, you can have a conversation and no one will force you to dance.  It's got a wonderful bathroom and a cute sink.  I did enjoy the music and the dim lit atmosphere.  My friends told me about it and they love it.
The music itself gives this place all the stars.  I got there at 11pm on a Saturday, not a good move.  The line was very long and we waited almost a half hour to get in.  When we got in there we couldn't make it to the bar to get a drink because they packed the place to the gills.  Finally we got a drink and pushed our way through the sweaty crowd to find a little nook by the steps to dance.  (Be careful going through the crowd because there's a lot of chances for creeps to try to touch you which I've heard from other people that have been here.)  There was a homeless looking crazy person that smelled horrendous and practically ruined my night because he kept lurking around us.  Like I said the music is what made the place and I can see why this place has a line like that.  I would recommend going earlier and having a few people with you to feel more comfortable.
This is a cool spot.  It's relatively small and sweaty but its a chill, diverse crowd - everyone will be dancing.  I'm not sure if its like this everynight, but the DJ was spinning a collectionof world music from Latin American, Brazilian, African, Dancehall, House, etc, etc... Awesome music.
Went here on Sunday night and it wasn't crowded at all. There was a live jazz band playing for a bit and a DJ with some great tunes. Totally chill place with a great vibe. Loved the atmosphere here. Upon entering, I thought it was going to be pretentious but it totally wasn't.
awesome spot... would be extra-awesome if 75% less people knew about it. i say this not because i'm a elitist snob, i am, but rather because with less traffic one would actually be able to dance to the molten grooves being played/spun. bembe has relatively cheap mixed drinks (its the kind of place where you order a mojito), a diverse crowd, and a nighttime latin/caribbean feel. every time i think of bembe, muted horns and bongo drums start softly playing in the background. bembe could be a fun place to bring a date, and i'm guessing it would also be a decent place to go trawling. sadly however, you often need to be with someone just to get past bembe's front doors. sexy place though, well worth a visit.
As a still recovering club kid, I must say that Bembe is the only place I am very excited to go to for dancing. This tiny little bar packs a wallop of fun and salty, dirty dancing. Remember the movie Dirty Dancing when everyone was grinding up against each other in that room where Baby finds all the workers? I swear to god, that scene is transplanted right into this place!! If you can stand it, it gets even crazier during the summer when it is all hot--they literally open up the basement trap doors to let out steam in the basement as people are grinding to reggae, salsa and Afro-Cuban beats. Anybody who's anybody knows this spot and it is ALWAYS crowded any day of the week. But well worth the trip. I have met some really awesome, chilled out folks here and never have I had a bad time. They also make awesome island inspired drinks like Mojitos, Caipirhinias and this coconut based drink who's name escapes me (which  also happens to be my favorite). The only reason I didn't give the full star rating is that they only take cash....places that only take cash drive me nuts...... There are only a few scattered poles to chain your bike to--bummer. If other bikers snatch them up already, you have to walk blocks out of the way to find something else.
Went here for literally 10 minutes.  This place was insanely packed, we couldnt even move.  We showed up around 11pm on a Saturday.  The music was really cool, with the live drummist, and it semmed like a nice spot to chill and have a few drinks but unfortunately we had to get out before the firetrucks came.  Way to crowded! I'd like to go back on a more quiet night.
Great music, fun local crowd and away from the Northside of Williamsburg.
Only been here once and liked it. My sisters are always there and have yet to have a complaint. If your looking for good drink and a place to shake your booty this is for you oh and if you like Spanish music.
I have to update this review. My cousin had her birthday party here last year and it was definitely a great time. They had a lot of people waiting outside, but the guy with dreads decided to be cool and let us in since my friend had dreads too :-) SUPER packed on a hot summer saturday night in July, but the capirinhas cooled us off, they were yummy, strong perfect. And so was the music, really good reggae and 90's tunes. Glad we were able to fit in! (Note: Bar was cash only) Overall, on the right night, when you are in the rare mood to get it in reckless and sweaty, back to back with brooklynites, this is a good move. And again, any place with a hammock must get all the stars!
Always delivers a good time.  The music is what makes it.  My advice is get there a bit earlier on the weekends, since after about midnight it's completely packed.  A local staple, and definitely a reason to have a night out in Brooklyn.
This place has a lot of potential, the music is bumping, there is a thick crowd and everyone is dancing. However, the men in here are a tad too skeevy and enthusiastic for my tastes. We were drenched in sweat (in the winter!) within 30 minutes of walking in and light dancing, it was pretty gross. The crowd is very mixed, but on my visit all the men were 6s at best - either short or fat or awkward and lonely. Not a good mix. But if you bring the right companions and are just looking for a spot to dance the night away, this could be it.
I really liked it. We didn't stay long, but it was affordable, had a good vibe, and apparently they have good dance music.
Great music, great energy, friendly crowd. It's the place to go if you want to dance in Williamsburg. The downside is that it's suuuper small (I seriously think my living room is bigger) so hopefully the renovations on the basement will be finished soon. Also, if you go after 11 on a weekend and you're 2+ guys with no girls, you're probably not getting in.
I can only rate this based on a Monday night experience. My friends and I were lookin for somethin to get into. I'm from Cali visitin Brooklyn and one of my friends is a regular at Bembe. I love Cumbia... so she suggested to check out Bembe. There was a mix of hip hop, a bit of Cumbia, a bit of reggae and a touch of house. Mixed music and only about 10 people there (ok... 13 people.... including me). It was an ok experience - no drama, friendly group of people. I wish it was reggae or cumbia nite. Luckily, I was in great company.
Wow! I had an amazing time here last night. The drinks are only $7 and they will get you hammered! It is hard to find, but the crowd, staff and patrons were all friendly and it's a nice intimate setting for chatting with friends.
I honestly try to like this place, I really try. But it just doesn't feel "right". I been there in three occasions always keeping a open mind but the music is just too random I just don't feel it. The people seem friendly and they have really good dancers.
more or less innovative and sexy vibe, love the live drums. it does get really packed though -- they could use an expansion. Came here on Sunday night the eve of July 4th -- definitely doesn't seem to get dead. the crowd seems diverse enough  -- the main mix was hipsters and carribean/continental africans; so it seemed, peppered with asians, latins and the like.
Seriously love the music. Bring someone to dance with and get close. You can warm up here too with their special tequila shot, lime dipped in sugar and coffee. Fills in more after 11 and gets a little crowded cause it's small. Bouncers and bartenders are nice but firm! It's on point.
It was VERY crowded .......The music was festive and lively, and the drummers who were there made it a different cultural experience.....Amazing!!!
I think Bembe is a pretty rare and exciting spot for NYC. From the outside, you would never suspect what's going on inside, with awesome DJs and if you come at the right time, live percussionists that are just nasty. Drinks are Manhattan prices, but I wouldn't expect any different with such a hot spot. I guess it could be crowded at times, but how long could this place stay a secret.....My brother also knows the guy who started it up and he could often be seen chilling there. Personally, i feel kinda cool when chillin in here! =)
One of my absolute favorite places to get drunk and dance. Period.
This is my favorite dance spot in the city.  Whenever an out of town friend is visiting, hands down, this is where I take them.   You can get a "mystery drink," play the bongo drums or just dance 'til the break of dawn.  It is unpretentious, there's no cover and I've met a lot of cool people there.  The crowd is really mixed on the weekend, which I find to be rare at small clubs. Music is mostly Latin and Reggae, but it depends on what night you go.
GREAT PLACE! I fell in love with this place since the first time i went there in April '09. The bartenders are always nice (males and females), the DJs are always great. Some of the great DJs i've seen there are def Nappy G, Sabo, and Dj Turmix. The owner is also a cool cat. The place is small, but it feels great with all the great people dancing all the damn time. The only downside is that when it's packed it's like a mission to get to the bathroom, but other than than no flaws! The beer selection is ok, but the beers the have are great. The drinks are amazing, try the Mojito or the Caipirinha.
I came to Bembe begrudgingly one Saturday night. Well, after 20 minutes of surveying the premises..I was in LOVE.. The high energy and free-spirited dancing feet made for one amazing weekend. Drinks are reasonably priced and quite creative! Although Bembe is a bit of a trek it is completely worth it and I cannot wait to go back again!  P.S. If you can, ditch your coat, as there is no coat check and is a sauna inside with no where to move!
LOVE IT.  There were several people leaving our job, so we did a farewell party with our staff in May 2011.  We had a great time and I'm coming back again this week with my staff.
Cover was the reason this didnt get 5 stars, this place supposedly NEVER has cover. 10$ was steep. Besides that, this is THE place to be for dancing and fun. Live Drums! Amazing.
Loved the music, cool people. My only complaint are the bartenders :(, I felt I was ignored a couple of time.
Bembe used to be the tits when it first opened... most definitely one of my fave local dance spots. After going a bunch of times and never seeing the downstairs dancing area open I stopped coming here. Word is that downstairs is still never open. I'm sure the music here is still hott but I'm hearing all the time now how they got some UncleTom workin the door and not letting anybody in that doesn't look like a Williamsburg midwestern hipster whitey. Shame on you Bembe!!! This place turned into yet another example of white boys opening a bar in the hood and not letting the locals inside. There sure are enough of those around here. No big loss... this spot is smaller than my apartment anyways. DON'T SUPPORT ANY SPOT WITH RACIST DRESS CODES! And for the doorman... ghetto pass revoked for life!!
Horrible!...I would have given it a negative star if I could!  The bouncer was extremely rude.  He was letting people he knows in, while we stood in line.
Bembe is always a go-to neighborhood spot for me. The energy is always high, and the drinks are great. I personally love the watermelon cocktail and rum punch! I love this spot for lively dancing and the service is always great; the bartenders are friendly, and can muddle a mojito like nobody's business!
Best in Town. last week i went out on the town to have a drink. the music was good as well the atmespher was some of they best on a scell one to ten i give bembe a 9# . to anyone who likes to have a goog time in a great invierment i do recamend bembe as one of the top spots to visit.....
Oh man, I had a blast here last week. It definitely had a house party vibe to it (in a good way). Good mix of people and music, the drinks were reasonably priced ($3 Landsharks?!). Fair warning it's a bit hard to find, but well worth the trouble. By far one of my favorites in Williamsburg.
Boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place while on a walk after dinner in the area. We wanted to dance and I had this place in mind but never had a chance to go. Didn't know that guys were charged $10 cover and we didn't have cash. Began to walk away but bouncer stopped us and let us in anyway! Thanks sir! Unfortunately, that didn't help in the longrun because it appeared to be cash only inside. Music was great, dj + live percussion. Everyone was dancing and having a good time, really chill crowd. Smaller than expected but would love to come here with girlfriends and just dance the night away...
I love this place, and anytime I get the urge to move to some Latin beats, this is where I go, because I know I won't be disappointed. However, ladies beware and watch your belongings! I was there this past Friday, celebrating my birthday, and after many visits and countless times of throwing my bag anywhere so that I could dance to my heart's content, I finally got 'pick pocketed' (bag was taken from the bar area, found in the bathroom and missing was my debit card, my cash and monthly metrocard). Totally my fault, and yes I am a New Yorker, but it's never too late to learn a good lesson! As long as this place exits, I will continue to frequent it, but I will also be extra careful. THIEF- if you read this: thank you for not stealing the whole purse and for leaving my ID and keys in it. Very decent of you.... I'm just grateful my iPhone was on my person, and I wasn't able to grace you with its value.
if i wanted a bunch of sweaty joey joes rubbing up all on me, i would hire some. if i want to dance i will go somewhere that allows me a few inches of space. ew. i avoid this place at all costs. unless you like meat-heads with muscles or claustrophobic and spazzy spaces.
Screw bembe! Been going there now and then for years. 2 weeks ago I was hanging with my buddy and around 2:30 am we've decided to go there for last drink and some reggae music. Nasty dude at the door says $20 each to get it. Really?!! Yeeeeaaars of going there and never heard that BS. $10 is ok, but this place is NOT worth $20 to enter (especially at 2:30am). It's ALWAYS overcrowded and loud inside. This way we've discovered "The Woods" which is just 3 blocks away on South 4th st (between Kent and Wythe). SO MUCH BIGGER with an outside space and they charge $5 to get in. FOCK BEMBE!
teeny tiny but fun! irresistible beats.
I have been to Bembe so much, I can picture it in my sleep. As one of the first places that I visited upon turning 21 in Williamsburg, I thought this place was great. However after roaming around the city, I have discovered far better. I love the music, it is definitely energetic and gets everyone on their feet. With that being said, the place is as big as a one-room apartment (they have an entire basement space that they aren't opening up for some unknown reason). I remember reading a review where someone mentioned that everyone is "packed in like sardines" and that is exactly accurate after 11:30 or midnight. Another thing that keeps me away from this place is that the crowd is much older, and not as diverse as I'd like to see (but that part comes from individual taste in music and how many people desire to find a place good for dancing.) So here are my pros and cons summarized: Pros: -Ladies- NO COVER -Cheap(er) Drinks than most other bars in Williamsburg -Music- Energetic and lively (great to dance to) Cons: - Small Space -Slightly older crowd -Only cash accepted at the bar Overall, if you are looking for a great place to dance IN WILLIAMSBURG specifically, this would be the place to go since I have yet to find any better options.
this place smells like a pool.  like the indoor pool at an econo lodge.  imagine having a dance party at a really crowded pool and everyone is huge and sweaty and hot and youre drinking red stripes and your girlfriend is blacked out.  that's bembe.
Exactly what I was hoping for!  Lots of fun people and LOTSSS of fun dancing.  I went on Friday so can only speak on the great Friday DJ with the awesome percussionists!  Wowwwwww... I felt like they transported me to Cuba!  We had a total blast once we got over the people bumping into us from all sides.  They need to take cards though. boooo!  To cash only places.  I would go back again and again.
One word to describe this place: AWESOME! (If youre into Reggea and an eclectic ambiance!)  Me and a friend took a little vacation to New York. After reading the reviews on Yelp and checking out Bembe's website, I made myself a promise that this place had to be on our to-do list! We went twice! Both nights free and no problem getting in. On Thursday night we got there around 2am. The music was great and i immediately felt the urge to dance!   The bartender gave us a shot (on the house) with a piece of Lime sprinkled with coffee and sugar! It wasn't too crowded on this night!  We went back Friday night, and boy was it packed! But the music was still AWESOME!  Reggae, Afro-funk, Brazilian and oldies tunes filled the place!   The people working there recognized me and my friend, and we ended up having FREE drinks all night!   I wish L.A. had a place like this!  BTW, we met many Dominicans here, although the Friday scene was mostly Caucasian....or at least that's what they looked like!  I'm definitely coming here again when I visit NYC!
Get there early around 10pm, no cover and no line. Dance your ass off all night! Enjoy!
go here, tuff  tuesdays  tu witness da tah-riffic see-lec-shauns of moa anbessa sound system extro-dee-naire selecta ahn speena, Jon Bless and heez boy Chad Dubz. rawk steadee...rootz...conseeous daaance hall mahn!!!
I expected more.  THis is the first result that comes up on yelp for dancing in nyc.  At first it was kinda dead.  The crowd was very laid back.  Also this place is smaller than I expected.  It took some time before the place got lively and by then I was ready to go home, but stayed later anyway.  I also don't really like dancing to reggae and there was a lot of reggae being played. My husband liked it, and I would go back because of that, but it wasn't as great at I thought it would be.
I remember coming to this place about a year ago. I still think about the great music and vibe. It does get crowded on nights that everyone is out. Looking forward to going back
Stayed here for about two hours and got their fantastice job. I came here with my boyfriend and it was dancing experience at that place. We enjoyed that place much. I highly recommend it to all. Be happy.....
bathroom security not up to par. stole a roll of toilet paper. not pleased. no thrill whatsoever.
If you want soul music this is your place! There drinks where amazing' great atmosphere, diverse crowd great music!
This place was cool I guess. We had a few drinks which made the stuffiness and extreme crowding somewhat more bearable. The reviews about the single men trying to feel up on you are all correct. This place seems like 70% single random creepers, and then 30% couples or groups trying to dance. The music was lively and fun, it was all island music including some good reggae towards the end of the night. The men were a bit aggressive and I think I got hit on by everyone including the bouncers. Or someone posing as a bouncer. Who really knows. It was really hot in there. I can't even properly remember. Conclusions: Come for the music, stay for the perspiration. Coat check available for a few bucks. All I know, is don't use the bathroom. Trust me. Yuck.
Pro-tip: ladies, no cover! I was here on a Friday (into Saturday), and I was grossly disappointed. I've been hearing nothing but good things about Bembe from my friends and relatives over the last few months, so when I was finally able to visit, i was very excited. The bartender was very talented at mixing drinks, and we all enjoyed what we had. For future visitors, the drink menu is on the wall written either in crayon or paint (or sidewalk chalk?). Mixed drinks are about $7. Okay, so why two stars? It's cute, it's small, it's intimate. It's in Williamsburg, by the bridge. But the DJ was terrible! I mean-- I bet there are DJs out in Keane, New Hampshire that can spin better Latin mixes than the girl who was DJing last night. She played a few salsa songs (4?), a crapload of varied cumbia (cumbia villera, Peruvian cumbia, tropical cumbia...). To be fair to the DJ, her transitions were spot-on, and her mixes and mashes when she played reggae were amazing. But I did wonder how much experience she had. Most DJs know that if nobody is on the dance floor, they have to start playing music that people will move to. This girl just wasn't getting it, and she kept playing the same crappy music, causing people to flow out of the bar. Was she just not paying attention? The reggae she played was good, if she was still the DJ. Because it was so good, I'm willing to bet she was *not* the DJ. It sounded like my own iTunes playlist-- Action (Terror Fabolous), followed by No Letting Go (Wayne Wonder), along with some other pretty good songs. It was a very mixed crowd; I really liked the diversity of the dancers. No experience necessary. I usually complain when tons of salsa is played (as opposed to a good mix), this time I'm complaining that more salsa wasn't played....and no merengue, no bachata, no reggaeton... no samba, a single soca beat. WHAT?   Hey DJ: If you're going to change the vibe, you have to talk to someone about changing the name too.
one of my favorite places to shake my behind
This place is amazing.  The music is fabulous and the best part is the crowd.  I was tired of going to reggae/latin dance clubs full of ghetto people but here most of the people seems to be nice. I was raised in latin america and I was surprised the dj played songs from when I was a teenager. My group of friends and I had a blast. Everyone was happy I brought them here. They all want to come back soon. I can see Bembe being the place where I'm going to hang out most of my near future weekends. I hope the music and crowd stays the same.
i went to Bembe this past saturday night from a friend's suggestion. the drinks were good, decently priced. but the music wasn't really my type but if your into ethnic music and dancing, its for you. the only problem that it got EXTREMELY crowded and it was really hard to move around in there at a certain point.
Some of the best music EVER. The combo of a great DJ and the live conga drums is perfect. A great place to be yourself, move your booty and let loose. Go early and get a spot before it gets packed! I didn't give it 5 stars as the drinks (eg rum-coke) are very low on alcohol and still $9
Best place to hit up in Williamsburg for dancing and drinks, period. On busy nights, they're very strict about the girl-for-guy policy, but if you are smart, you'll grab a group of girls on your way to the door and have them get you in.  On the good nights I've gone, this is the type of place where everyone is just looking to dance and have a good time.  The beats are continuous and Spanish-flavored, and often have live bongos accompanying them.  The drinks are pretty good, and not too overpriced. Overall, its the atmosphere of the place, and in Williamsburg, Bembe can't be beat.
Love this place, probably one of it's kind in NYC. Been coming here for a while now, always a good spot. The best thing about this spot is the diverse music and crowd. They play everything from Caribbean,Brazilian,Reggae music with just a hint of pop music.The music along with live drummer gives this place such an awesome environment. Just beware it gets really crowded on weekends so one will have difficulty finding place to dance. Drinks are great too specially the rum punch and coconut drink which is basically a coconut vodka and fresh coconut water, with chunks of real coconut in there. It's such a refreshing, delicious, and strong drink.   It gets pretty sweaty in there but its an awesome crowd with such a unique diverse mix of people from all over the world.Live drummers jamming out, between & with the D.J add to much more fun. FYI - Guys are 10 bucks on weekends after 10.30 on weekends and the bar is cash only.
I told many of my friends about bembe and on many occasions I have frequented the place. I can't complain  about  the Ievel of fun I have had there. Last  night however a  friend visiting from out of town and I were told by the guy with an afro haircut and shorts at the door that because we were not bringing women into the bar we could not enter. Hearing this was a first for me. I would like to believe that this was a mistake but if it is actually club policy then  they have lost me as a loyal paying patron.
So the playlist went a little something like this: Aguanile, Brazillian Samba, Kukere, Zombie (by FELA -- Bembe, you get POINTS FOR THAT ONE), En Barenquilla Me Quedo, Action.  Unless you plan to drink only water, withdraw cash beforehand.  Also, stay away from prom wear because you will be working up a sweat like gym class. I CAME I DANCED I'M COMING BACK
Would have really loved to have given this place 4-5 stars since I've been there before but after last night I don't think so got there around 12:33am only to be brushed aside by some new bouncer I guess so he could let in a couple of 18year olds then only to be told by him that sorry guys I can't let you in there's already way too many guys inside( can you believe that) first of all what bar/club bouncer has the rights telling a potential customer something like that so completely and utterly disgusting would have thought that they were in it for the money and not gender right? so now as we were leaving surprise surprise that very same bouncer was telling some guy that he dressed way too hiphop-ish wait a minute isn't this place supposed to be very multi cultural? anyway I was natural abit upset and very disappointed that we didn't get in to see some of our friends that were already inside, but I felt much better once we decided to head over to one of my uncles bar instead and support the family business :)
The line outside was pretty long, and they charge dudes a cover that varies by how many women you've got in tow. Meh, I'm kind of over that sort of college frat party bullshit. Once we finally got inside, the place was way too packed to get anywhere near the bar, or more than a few feet in the door for that matter. Forget about having any space to dance, you can barely move. Also, the music was not really Latin, just your typical dance club sort of music. You'd think with the line outside that they'd keep the number of people down so you're not packed in like sardines, but I think they just want to get the cover money from you only to have you leave 5 minutes later because there's nowhere else for you to go. I don't think I'd wait in that line or make my guy friends pay that ridiculous cover again. Cash only is pretty annoying too.
This spot you will not notice it unless your using a GPS or just walking looking for it while you stare at the walls for a sign, because it's literally just a door with a tiny 18" sign that says Bembe. I walked inside and let me just say OMG! WTF! you feel like a sardine in a can! There is no personal space so if your not into crowded spaces do not go! It is super i mean super hot in there too. When i called they said it was going to be Salsa and Merengue night, but when i walked in it was rock music? I mean the place is cute but small, real small. I think it should be a safety hazard to have that many people pushed into such a small space like that. Imagine if a fire broke out lol. I came here on a Saturday night. But i don't think I'll go back unless I'm really bored and we have no other place to hit up. Maybe my first experience wasn't so great i don't know. But i think they make it too much of a hype than it needs to be. I guess you'll have a great time if your stupid drunk and don't mind winding and grinding on people the whole night lol. But for me i would have to arrive twisted.
Just waking up from last night's unexpected blast (on a Thursday night!). I've been wanting to come here for a while after reading reviews and that is so close to my bf's house. Well, the two of us decided to finally check it out and OMG! First off, if everyone on yelp says it's cash only, you should've stopped by the Bank of America three blocks down right off the Marcy Ave stop on the J. Cash only doesn't bother me, it just helps me have a limit. Two, I needed a limit cuz their drinks are friggin awesome! Had a rum and coke that had a Caribbean twist to it. Who knew that house rum would surprise me? And they muddle their mojitos, old-school. I'm so impressed they do it despite being busy. It's the best and only way I like them, fresh and natural. Oh and only $7? Shit like that is $12 at other nice restaurants in the city. They add a good amount of alcohol, not too much, not too little. Perfect! I was tipsy after those two. Third, the vibe of the place is so nice. We got there and it was almost empty. High ceilings, furniture is not ripped. It looks dark and decent, not like some nasty dive bars. And those ceilings fans saved my life after it got crowded and me showing off my Colombian flavor on the dance floor. Aaaaahhh, the music!! See, I never believed I could've have great night hanging out with only my man cuz he is American and Americans don't have flavor (no offense). But you can't play salsa, reggae ton, Afro-beat, dancehall, etc and think I'm gonna stay still. I had not danced so much in sooo long, even he was doing moves. Most people just sit at bars and talk and that can get boring. But everyone in there looked like they are having a lot of fun, whether they can dance or not and that's all that matters. That's what makes it great, music that I've always loved being brought to Non-Latin/Caribbeans to enjoy. World peace through music lol. Go there and have fun! Going back on Saturday....
You have to do something incredibly wrong to earn ONE STAR from me and this place deserves it!  After arriving in NYC from LA on a Tuesday, I was in the mood for having fun.  I read the reviews about Bembe here on Yelp and I got a good vibe of the place. I called the place in advance to make sure it was Reggae night and I was told yes, c'mon down.  I was staying in Manhattan around Times Square so I caught a taxi with a $20 fare to this place in Brooklyn.  When a friend and I got there, the doorman refused to let us in and told us to wait outside.  After waiting there 15 min with no one else entering the place, I opened the door (the doorman was on the inside because it was around 38 degrees outside) he said "No entry unless you have women". I was like "Dude Really!?"  There weren't that many people inside and I was still refused entry.  I will be glad to spend my $$$ elsewhere.  I caught a  $20 taxi (now I spent $40 on taxi fares) back to Manhattan and went to a bar in Times Square for a drink and met a few girls from Slovenia and had a great time.  I hate this place for wasting my time and money in taxi fees.  You will get the one star you definitely deserve.
I love mix, and in this place you can have it all - mix of music, mix of people and mix of ... I haven't been there for a long time, but all I remember is crazy dancing and a lot of fun. Judging by the reviews here, I guess it isn't as hidden as it used to be, but I knew it was only a matter of time, since so much fun must spread itself LOL I will visit there again soon, I hope that I will see one of you there, but I promise to update here ;)
I came here with a group of friends(men and women), and we all got in no problem. It was Friday night so the place filled up quickly, especially since they did not open the downstairs area. The drinks were decent, and so was the music. I am personally a fan of world music, but i would appreciate it if the dj knew how to actually blend the music without throwing of the beat.  AT the end of the night i was somewhat happy with bembe. The next time i decided to come, I had quite a disturbing experience. I went with a buddy of mine and as we approached the entrance, the doorman  didn't even let us take out our i.d's before telling us that we can't go in without the company of women. I was bothered because 3 minutes later a group of  older men showed up and were let in without any women. I literally blew a fuse  by what i had witnessed, and proceeded to call out the doorman on it. He flat out acted like nothing wrong was done. This place totally discriminates on men, which I believe is against the law. Its like  telling  asian man he cant come in because he is not latino. I would advise people to not support this place until they fix their issue at the door.
Basically, this is as close as you can get to a Caribbean vacation on a random Thursday night for under $20! Pros: 1. Live Caribbean music (mix of samba, salsa, reggae) 2. Fun crowd 3. Easy to find parking 4. Cheap/shady ATM outside Cons: 1. CASH BAR!! 2. Smell of hash in the air 3. Shady entrance Come get drunk with a group of people or bachelorettes and don't wear your best outfit because you will get sweaty bc the place is tiny..so get comfortable with your bar neighbors. It's a really mixed crowd, people are extremely friendly, and pass on the jungle juice if you like alcohol in your drinks.
I went to Bembe last night with 3 friends.  Arriving around 11:30pm we had a brief 5-10 minute wait to get in.  When we walked in, the place was packed.  It was definitely much smaller than expected and with so many people in this tiny place, it was quite a challenge for us to make it to the coat check at the back.  An even bigger challenge was working our way to the bar for a drink.  As the night wore on, more and more people were packed into this place and there was little room to move or dance, HOWEVER, the music was AMAZING.  Despite the issues noted above, I give this place 4 stars because once people got comfortable with the dynamics of the night, it was easier to move, people were dancing, there were live drums, and it was a nice and welcomed change from fist pumping.  People were friendly and trendy.  I loved their signature drinks.  The Entertainment seemed to have as much fun as the party goers which certainly was a plus.  I will return, a little earlier next time.  I certainly recommend this place for people who are looking for something a little different, who love a good drum beat, and don't mind close quarters.  Don't forget to wear something breathable as it does get hot in there.
We had so much fun. I liked the music and ppl. Me and my friends spent here last friday night and we had such a good time . Even security guys were super nice .
i love bembe!  best to go in the autumn/winter months because it gets really hot in here.  the music is great and there are usually live drum players also.  downstairs is a tiny little dance floor surrounded by concrete walls.  let your guard down and bust a move.
Awesome music and vibe on a Saturday! The crowds are pretty cool, and guys can just dance with you and not push up on you like in other places. Drinks are decent but not super cheap. The most important thing, you must come EARLY! Meaning 10pm early, otherwise don't dream of having room to dance let along trying to make your way to the bar. So, gather your peeps, get here early, secure a stretch of seats, get a couple of drinks, and dance the night away!
Friend's birthday, and we got there early enough to get seats. This place is tiny, so I wouldn't recommend it for meeting groups of people unless you're going pretty early. Drinks are really strong, music is really loud. Basically a good Latin dance bar.
Leron's Lesson: Amazing music that will have you moving the entire time! Too bad the space is so small. Full Review. I personally guarantee that you will dance once you get there. The Latin/Caribbean music is perfect for dancing and easy to stay on beat. The drinks are decent and fairly priced as well. I've been here on 2 separate occasions and enjoyed each. I definitely plan on coming back, probably with a dance partner, or 2.
this is small and hot and not fun at all because you cant even breath in there.
I probably spent 90 mins in this place and it was non stop dancing to Latin/Caribbean music! It was suggested from a friend around 1:30am who told me that I would absolutely love this place if I loved dancing. Bembe is a hidden gem like most cool BK spots. Guy at the door was friendly and didn't give anyone a hard time at the door! The place is just an average sized bar with amazing music and a guy on the percussion drums! Ok this obviously would not appeal to everyone so maybe I'm a bit biased. I will conclude with if you lose your mind/almost spill your drink/run to the dance floor when any Latin/Caribbean song comes on then you belong at Bembe. It's worth checking out if you find yourself in Brooklyn and simply want to dance the night away. I will certainly return here in the near future!
why was there no toilet paper in the men's room? i couldn't wipe and i think the girls i was dancing with knew. nice ambiance. 2 stars.
Fun!!! Close encounters with sexy men! No space! Leave your coat, purse etc  at home and get ready to dance your heart out to the best music. You may not move much but you will sweat your ass off while literally rubbing shoulders with an eccentric eclectic bunch!!!! Wear deodorant and bring breath mints!!  You will meet the best people!! Men were charged $10 at door, this was new to me. Been there 10 times and never heard of an admission fee. Seemed sketchy. Bathrooms get pretty nasty, stinky so basically it's such a great place I'm willing to  put myself through the sacrifice! Cash only!! Also sketchy! Ha!!!
Bembe is my absolute favorite place to have some drinks, listen to some great music and dance until the wee hours of the morning. The crowd is eclectic and both floors are always packed but it adds to the ambiance in an awesome way.
Afro caribbean Afro french Afro Brazilian Samba! Samba! Afro cuban - bomba beats, rumba and reggaeton beautiful Panamanian musical delights with dancehall reggae and cumbia and some throw back pop tunes fused in. It gets pretty sweaty in there but its an awesome crowd! Live drummers jamming out, between  & with the D.J. Great international mix of people and music.
Best mojitos! Amazing music, especially the live drumming! The place could use some more ceiling fans as it gets hot and stuffy quickly.
This place rocks!!!!!!!!! As soon as I walked in I knew I was in for a blast! Live Samba what else can you ask for!? Also no cover for the ladies! Small venue but it does not get too crowded. I went on a Friday night. The crowd was pretty diverse, everyone seem to be having a great time. They also has this watermelon drink I asked the bartender to put vodka in it and it was delish! Def going back!
went on a saturday night. cover for guys at the door, but that's my only complaint. the music is great, the door staff is friendly (unlike so many nyc clubs), and the vibe inside is great. saturday is latin/mix music night, and the mix of dj & live music make you want to dance your ass off all night
LOVEEEE BEMBE! Favorite DJ is DJ Beto, hands down.  I tell everyone I know about this spot and am pretty much a regular here  - I secretly wish they come on days I'm not there or just don't see them (hey, I'm a little jealous).  It does get super crowded but the patrons are generally cool enough and understand that bumps, squeezes, and ocassional pushes are part of the territory. Bembe is like a hole in the wall venue so it is easily missed unless you're on the prowl.  Bouncers are no nonsense; they will not hesitate to remove a stalking person from your presence.  Most times, you don't realize they have taken care of the situation - that's the sort of efficiency model I need other venues to take note of and replicate, pronto. Drinks are cheap and they keep on flowing. Live drums to your jams?  Hell yes!  I'm in love =)
ask for: Dulce Moreno - tequila shot with a chocolate-dipped lime - awesome..
I'm keeping this review fairly short and sweet.  I LOVE Bembe.  I'm a born Yankee but my family is from West Africa.  So, I'm always looking for a lounge / bar that can cater to my diverse musical background.  And this spot does it every time.  I've been here on Tuesday (reggae night), and this place is packed with such a diverse crowd.  No drama at all; just everyone having a great time.  I've also been here on Friday, Saturday and Sunday; the same thing.  Everyone having a GREAT time.  This past Sunday I had so much fun. The DJ was playing Latin music, reggae and Afro beat.  My perfect mix.  Definitely make an effort to come to this spot once.  But don't tell too many people about it.  It's truly a hidden gem :)
I have to agree with the recent reviews.  I tried to get in there but they must of had the same "Uncle Tom" that others complained about working the door.  He treated my buddy and I like some trespassers.  I was in a business suit so it could not have been a dress code issue.  Keep your wack spot.  Giantnyc.
Some of the best music EVER. A great place to be yourself, move your booty and let loose. Go early and get a spot before it gets packed!
bouncers are pretty much dicks and establishment is small and cramped. 2 of my girl friends and 1 guy walked in and sat down with no problem. The second i got there about 15 minutes later, he tells me i have to pay 10 dollars to go in so i say my friends just got in for free. He replies it was before 10...It wasnt...So im texting them and a couple walks up to the door and gets in free (the guy too) so i call him out on it and he stands there like a fucking mentally challenged dick and pretends he doesnt know what just happened. Then he tells me you cant come in free after 10 or without a girl.mind you i peeped inside and it was dead and empty...This is a small shit whole on a corner in brooklyn not a mid town night club...Anyways Viva Toro which is a couple blocks away has more room, better music, hookah and better drinks and not to mention a awesome mechanical bull that females frequently try to conquer every night lol
Oh Bembe! This is hands down my favorite dance spot in all of Brooklyn. The mojitos are very strong, tasty and cheap. I think I paid $7 during peak night time on a weekend. The music is great! It's a mixture of reggae, Latin, and some old school hip hop and classic songs mixed in. Now imagine all of this music to the beats of live hand drums. The crowd is very diverse and I would recommend to dress down. People are there more for the music and to have a great time. The space is very small. It gets super crowded around 12:30am so be prepared to sweat. If your looking for a low key vibe, cheap drinks, great music then I would totally recommend this spot!
THEY HAVE A HIDDEN RACIST  POLICY that i was unaware of but heard about, but didnt believe it until i actually got there....I wanted to give club bembe a zero star but if i would have done that, i wouldnt have been able to place my review on yelp  so i put in one star just so i could post...any way,  i was told along with several other African American men that i was not with  that we wouldnt be able to gain entry into the club without a woman present, however we have witnessed on several occasions, men who were not african american gain entry into the club. some of them only had one woman in ratio to several men ..but the Doorman told me that there needs to be a man to a woman in equal ratio. he then told me that the sign says that on the door, but when i checked it didnt ..but the sign did say they have the right to refuse entry for any reason and this is what the bouncer pointed out to me ..so i asked him if they have the right to be rascist and use the sign to justify it, he said yes. i then complained via email to the owner who responded that they do not implement a rascist policy and do it for security reasons ..i didnt know denying entry to black males would be tantamount to enforcing a security issue.. the real issue of rascism exists when the large majority of people of who have not been prejudiced against seem to ignore the issue which in turn perpetuates the behavior. ..if you want to stop the racist behaviour at these establishments, then allow your dollars to speak for themselves. I cant understand how an establishment plays cultural african music but does not allow african american men to patronize it..go figure.
Maybe the two times I came here were just off nights. I was excited for some good latin dance music, but I was not impressed. The music was pretty bad (think trashy Latin house with no words and just the same beat on repeat for hours), and there was a guy banging away on a conga drum the whole night, but off rhythm to the music. I had the worst mojito in my entire life here. I had to send it back. They put maple syrup in it instead of raw or brown sugar. And fake maple syrup to boot- Aunt Jemimas! So gross. It was 90% female, so we left and headed to The Woods instead a few blocks down. MUCH better!
Heard lots of good things about Bembe. That it had a good vibe and was a place to dance. Now I'm no Dancing With The Stars contestant..... I'm saving myself for So You Think You Can Dance, but how could someone realistically dance in here. It's about the size of an apartment. Real narrow, small and people weren't even in the place yet, which was odd because it was already 11 on a Friday night. Music was good and my cocktail was strong. Hung out for a bit but wasn't all that impressed. Maybe it was a slow night but even if people started coming in, where on earth were they going to go? I'd give it another try if the circumstances dictated it but for now, it's just an alright spot.
Omg how I LOVE this place! It's such a unique spot in Brooklyn. I came here on Thanksgiving Eve because I was looking for a fun time at a minimal cost (try free). I don't like to pay an entrance fee when it's totally unnecessary. So upon looking up free events in Brooklyn I stumbled upon a spot that I had already bookmarked, but never rendered an excuse too get my ass to South Williamsburg. When I arrived to this hidden -nearly under the Williamsburg bridge hole in the wall I was a little weary of what I was going to be getting myself into. Turn out to be the time of my life.... This has since been my new hang out spot! I wouldn't much like to this to be listed as a dance club though even though there is a hole lot of dancing going on! You see the thing is the basement part of this spot, which I believe is the actual dance club hasn't been open to anyone as long as I've been coming here (since November ). Now that doesn't mean we don't all pack ourselves in like sardines and cram to dance out little behinds off (in my case big behind). Well regardless, me, who is NOT a fan of crowds and cramming, has made an exception whilst hanging out at Bembe. If you come early there's not much of a crowd. If you roll in here around 3am you'll be in you dancing glory. The drinks are also great. I always get the coconut drink which is so plain and simple- coconut vodka and fresh  coconut water, with chunks of real coconut in there. It's such a refreshing, delicious, and strong drink. Watching them make it might perhaps be the best part! I can't really catch the vibe here; by that I mean I wouldn't call it a Spanish spot or a carribean place. It has this mixed ambiance from the voodoo dolls (Haitian), to the Wray and Nephew Rum (Jamaican), to the sounds of the Samba (Brazilian).  I love when they have live music, the tunes tend to be African sounding, but the Dj is great as well. Mostly Spanish-y sounding notes,  with a a mix of calypso, and reggae.   If you walked in here at first you might not be to keen on staying, but pop a squat at the bar and stay awhile, it's well worth your visit!
This is really a nice spot in Williamsburg. I was there on Saturday. It was extremely hot and ridiculously packed, I mean it was packed to the point that you could barely move or find a spot to dance without rubbing elbows with someone. They should probably have a limit at some point to make it comfortable for everyone and safe. They say there is a coat check but I did not see one on the main floor, maybe it was downstairs. The music was on point, they had Spanish music for a while and eventually mixed in reggae and house and some non popular music. The drinks were not weak like at most spots you visit. There is a seating to. I had a good time overall, come here if you just want to vibe out and dance. Last Note- Ladies were free and Guys were charged 10 at the door.
Made for one of the best nights NYC has ever shown me... From the live band to the throwback 80's and 90's music, there was nothing but good vibes all night!
when I say, this one of the best nights i've had in a long time!! how did I not know about this little hole in the wall? idk, but I am so happy I know now. This little space was jammed pack with a cluster fuck of all nationalities, all doing the same thing... DANCING HARD! sweat dripping off of every body, $5 drinks, nasty unisex bathrooms... my dream!! This place is just amazing. If you can't dance or catch a tune, don't worry a jamaican man will approach you and help you find your rhythm. But be prepared, he may or may not grab your ass or thighs (yikes). I should take away a star for that but I do have big thighs sooooo, it's cool! the entrance may be little shady (that's what my friends told me) but I didn't notice, maybe because I was already a bit tipsy. But whatever, I felt safe. Remember... you will sweat alot, so don't wear tons of makeup or straightened hair bc you will be a hot mess within 5 minutes. CASH ONLY BAR.
I really wanna love this place.... it has so many things going for it... It has a diverse crowd, nice decor, live drummers and amazing body-moving music... The problem?... MOVING MY ARMS,LEGS,HEAD,NECK & TORSO! I've been here 3 times and my experience has been the same each times.  They pack people into this place like sardines!  There's barely space to breathe in here, let alone move! Do you know how it feels to hear your jam come on and you can barely bob your neck up and down for fear of head-butting the person in back AND in front of you?!  Luckily it's a friendly crowd and people don't seem to mind the little love taps but dayum! Can I get a little neck room please?? Gosh!   Getting to the bar is a completely different conquest that requires height, body mass and skill!   It's kinda like playing minesweeper!...You have to plan every step meticulously for fear of stepping on a mine... aka someones big toe!  Being tipsy (pre-drunk), wearing high heels AND playing human minesweep makes me an automatic liability to myself, the bar and the people in my immediate surroundings.  If Bembe knew what was good for them they'd switch to Geico a-sap!   Anyways...there are a ton of pro's about this place but one big suffocating CON.  I don't require a ton of personal space (yes I do), but I do require a reasonable amount.  I should not be standing so close to a stranger that I can taste their breath.   Space issues aside, Bembe is really cool and has good vibes. If you are not clostrophobic and can survive on minimal amounts of oxygen than I recommend this place.
I was in the market for a new weekend hangout spot, and it looks like I found it! Finally a spot with good drinks AND good music AND a lively crowd! The party was already jumping when I showed up at 11, and had no signs of slowing down when I left at 4 am. I was simply partied out! Can't say the same for too many other places I have been, well done Bembe! The thing that makes it unique is the live band. We all know how lively reggaeton, calypso, salsa etc. can be on its own, but then they dared to throw in bongos and cowbells on top of that?!? This was one of the most animated crowds I've seen and for good reason. I even got the chance to try my hand at some of the percussion instruments and feel like a part of the band. The only thing left to say is... more cowbell!
Bembe is by far my favorite lounge in Williamsburg for dancing. Their music is a great mix of Latin, Hip hop, Reggae, Reggae ton and house. The crowd is mixed; predominately African American. The drinks are cheap and cocktails are always strong! The staff is super friendly and cool. Tips: 1. Admission for ladies are free but $20 for guys. 2. There's an extra floor to dance downstairs.
5 stars for it being an awesome spot with really cool ethnic type dj/drum music and 1 star for them letting every single person in Brooklyn into this place. Seriously. It's really cool if you can beat the crowd and leave before it gets way too packed. If you plan on coming at 12am on a Saturday expect to be bounced around in the pinball crowd trying to get a drink at this cash only bar.
A not so secret Cuban cocktail classic. She remembered this place from an amazing date she had years ago. I didn't know if Bembe would live up to her memory, but I trust her tastes (she decided to date me, after all) so we ventured over the bridge into Brooklyn. Bembe is right on the corner, but its a little hard to find because we didn't see any sign and the dooor is flush with the rest of the wall. Once we figured out how to get in we found a dark little room that looked like images of pre-Castro Cuba. There were tropical fruits on the bar and antique signs for Spanish products on the walls. The room was mostly empty, but at least three sets of couples were making out in various corners of the room. The PDA fit the decor of the room, so we stepped up to the bar and dug in for the long haul. It was only an hour before the DJ/ drummer showed up and filled the room with afro latin music and an enthusiastic crowd. We were a couple rum punches into it at that point, so we were ready to partake of the dancing, flirting and PDA of our own. I didn't recognize any of the music, but the cocktails and the crowd will tell you everything you need to know to have a good time. There are two side notes you should be aware of; first Bembe is cash only and I don't think there is a safe cash machine around. Second, we had a car service drop us off and pick us up. I don't know how hard it is to catch a cab or get a train from here, so keep that in mind when you go. Have fun. G
Very good music to dance to, I'm from north of Mexico and never expected a NYC's bar to play music from my home city, that was a big surprise! People it's crazy yet fun, tasty drinks and cool place. A bit tiny for the crowd that like to reunite, but if you get drunk already it's really enjoyable. Definitely coming back soon!
Bembe was great!! Great music and everyone seems to be focused on dancing. The music is good, it includes carribean, Brazilian samba, and even merengue. There is also a live drummer which sets a cool tone to the place. The only reason I give this place four stars is because of the size of it and because it's cash only. It's pretty small so it can get very sweaty and cramped.
Four stars because this place rocks! Minus one star because it's cash only, easy to miss, and cops came in looking for someone. -_- I was in the mood for a low key place that would have good latin kinds of music. I came to yelp for help and this was one of the top places. So on a Thursday night that my friends and I were all off (we're mostly in education) we decided to make the trip out to Williamsburg. Thank the lord for another yelp review which referenced a blue light - otherwise we would've totally missed it. Parking was easy but shady. To add to the shady factor, there's a randomly placed ATM on the outside (why not bring it in?), and thank God for the ATM because neither one of the 4 of us had cash! Thursdays has live music - some men on bongos, etc. it was great! Live percussion always makes me feel like I'm on an island. I long for that feeling. The DJ was also good - played a nice mix of latin music and other island-y kinds of sounds. Bartenders seemed a bit off  - but regardless make decent drinks. Prices were average for Williamsburg and their cool hipster crowd. Speaking of crowd - total hipsters, what else did we expect. Overall a fun, fun, fun time - I can't wait to return. PS - we were over dressed  - don't look like a scrub, but don't wear your best outfit here, it's just not that type of place.
So this ridiculousness happened last night. My boyfriend and I had this place bookmarked for a long time so we went and it was fun! Music was on point, the place wasn't phobia-inducing crowded (thank god), and the drinks were good (rum punch anyone?). My only problem was that people were only grooving last night as opposed to full on dancing and it kinda put a damper on the great room energy. We did see a couple of drunk girls do the reggae stomp like it's no one's business but otherwise everyone else was just chillin' on the couches or doing the i'm-too-cool to dance sway. Will probably check it out again in the winter.
As soon as I landed to this Paradise I knew I will enjoy it soo much because of the great atmosphere and the people: - Shake it till you break your hips! - The DJ and Drummer keeps you moving! - Music is Awesome!, Loving my Latin Roots, Brazilian Beats, Jamaican reggae, a bit of Hip hop (Ol school, not the new ones).  You just can't  stop dancing! - Drinks are alright, $ 8.00 for a glass of Cranberry Vodka.   - the Crowd is mix, all over the world!. I recommend to arrive before midnight, otherwise do not accuse me for making you wait in line while I'm inside showing my moves.   It does get super crowded, so expect people to be a bit pushy.
I came to Bembe to DANCE. OK that was a lie. And if you've ever seen me dance, (1) you knew that and (2) I apologize. Hopefully your eyes have recovered fully. But I hear that that's what most people end up at Bembe to do, and I believe it, because I've never been so impressed by music I was unfamiliar with. And the DJ hadn't even arrived yet. We were planning to eat dinner down the street, and after putting our names on the lengthy waitlist, we wandered into Bembe to grab a drink. It was around 7:30, and the place was completely empty except for the lovely bartender, Jules. She muddled me a magnificent mojito, mixed my date a margarita and  told us a bit about Bembe. They've been around for several years, and they are definitely known for the wall-to-wall people party that picks up after the percussionist arrives around 11. Afterward, she left us alone to chat. The music was awesome, and the vibe warm and comfortable...there's even a hammock strung up in the middle of the room. I'm kind of curious to see how it plays into the dance party. Perhaps Bembe is an amazing place to dance and lose yourself in the music (the moment you own it, I'd recommend that you never let it go) with a hundred other people, but for me it was the perfect pre-dinner drink spot with just one.
GREAT (non-reggaeton-garbage) MUSIC! strong mojitos! enthusiastic, energetic crowd! oh bembe, you are getting me hot and sweaty just thinking about you.
Dear Mom, Last night I went to a club called Bembe.  The place was packed with sweaty. hot undulating bodies writhing to the sounds of percussion-heavy, afro-cuban latin, infused music.   At first the bouncer wasn't gonna let my friends in with me because, I was the only girl, but I threw an arm around him and sweet talked him with a "Please?" and a smooch on the cheek. The specialty island cocktails, including their infamous mojito, had me stumbling home. Anyway, say "Hi" to Pastor and everyone in the Choir for me. Tell them that New York is treating me real fine. Love, Nadj
I have one problem with this place and only one, but I must warn you its a big one!   My first visit to Bembe wasn't as much fun as I would like b/c one of my friend got kicked out of the place...now here me out. I recently went on a date with  a guy who was white and he took me to Bembe. That same evening I invited a friend of mine to come and join us she is white and she happened to bring a friend of hers with her who was black. My friends' friend (the African American male) wasn't able to get in the club b/c he was denied entry until he took his hat off while the bouncer was letter in other non-black in with their hats. HE WAS TOTALLY SINGLED OUT B/C HE WAS BLACK. my date then turns to me and say "if i knew you were going to invite a black guy I would have let you know that they try and screen for homeboys"!!! NEEDLESS TO SAY WE ARE NO LONGER DATING Unfortunately for Bembe my Friends friend is a civil rights attorney for the NAACP. So a great spot for music but not such a good spot for equality.
Do you ever wonder where your quiet reserved friend is keeping his Dominican? At Bembe, in the mango guava margaritas and tequila shots. Although you'll be dancing in so many circles, you won't need much alcohol to be dizzy. Hips don't lie. [it's not Dominican, sorry, just Latin-y]
"MUCHO!!!!" Or at least that's what I think they were screaming..........??? I'm sure it violates every fire safety law in existence to have that many over enthusiastic drunks+alcohol+ candles all in the same room. I use to think one of the benefits of moving to Brooklyn was I didn't have to travel to the city for nightlife - After Friday I think I'll cough up the extra $20 bucks for a cab.
Bembe... ::rolls eyes:: YOU CANT HAVE A DANCE CLUB THAT IS SMALLER THAN MY APARTMENT. Ahem, now that *thats* out of the way, your music is fucking cool, I can get with that.  I like the $5 mojito happy hour special too.  The Cuban rhythm can pull out my 2 step any day. Problem is, your music is better suited for a large club that can handle your viibes - like, say, SOBs.  If people come here to dance (rolls eyes again), ya need a bit more space than a sweaty shoebox with the 2 year old used sweaty kicks still in it. And people dont dance here.  They drunkenly fall over.  I witnessed a Brooklyn hipster banker type pick up a female, throw her legs over his shoulders, and missionarily abuse her.  Apparently, I didnt realize I was at one of those "18 and over, 21 to drink" venues those of highly questionable morals went to at age 16 to meet sketchy local guys. Bembe is basically an insane college house party, except youre probably not stealing booze, there is no ice luge, if you get upset at the owner you cant piss in their washing machine, and youre actually hoping the cops come to shut it down.
