While it may be an odd location for this place it is definitely worth looking for it. The place itself is a bit small but super comfortable, they have vintage style sofas, and the decorations are just amazing. We went on a Friday night they had happy hour from 5-8pm, i had no idea what to get their selection of beer is incredible ! Thank God for Brett he was very knowledgeable about all the type of beers and was able to find me the perfect one. The prices are great too. This is a must go to spot if you just want to hang out with friends, or go on a date ;-) Ps. The music isn't crazy loud so you can actually have a conversation.
Went there last night with friends for the first time. Loveeed the decor and ambiance. Super chill and we had a great time. The waiter was out of coffee but he made a new pot for us.. Plus he was a cutie
I had a party here last week and it was great. Steve, Tom and Billy were very easy to work with and super hospitable and friendly, the hors d'ouevres were delicious and nicely presented...the cost was very reasonable...and me and my guests had a wonderful tipsy afternoon! Highly recommend Mosaic Lounge.
I love Mosaic.  I'm so lucky to live so close to one of my favorite lounges.  There are many things to love: 1. The huge beer selection (over 100, I believe) 2. Laid-back, pleasant, and attentive service 3. Intimate, sexy ambiance 4. Background music is kept at a low volume so it's very conducive to actually having a conversation 5. Comfy couches and chairs 6. They serve a bit of food (cheese plates and a few tapas) Whether you're here with a group of friends or on a date, Mosaic is the perfect setting.  The only thing is it can get crowded on a weekend night, so like, don't come here at that time.
Great spot to meet up friends for a night cap.  It's got a cozy and intimate ambience and the bartender knows his beers! They have a decent selection of wines as well but definitely more of a beer place.  Order the meat and cheese plates too if you want something to snack on since you get your money's worth.  Only downside for me was that I was driving in and parking is next to nonexistent since it's located in a residential area (Astoria duh!)  If this is in your 'hood or a centralized location to meet up people, I'd definitely say give this place a shot.
Mosaic is this cozy little establishment on 24th Avenue, which is certainly not one of Astoria's busy commercial streets. Instead, it's surrounded by very leafy residential roads and well-kept buildings, nestled between Astoria Park and the Astoria Line. Like the area, it's busy but is never a ruckus, making it a good place to lounge about after work if you're too tired for the Manhattan (or Steinway Street, it must be said) after-hours shuffle. Patrons will immediately encounter some rather ornate furniture and wall fittings (all very colorful and all in excellent condition) and, I swear to God, the smell of pastry. (No one was eating when I visited.) I've definitely encountered a florid smell whenever I've walked in, which puts me in the mood for overeating on my couch as much as it does for wine or beer. But it makes for an environment as calm as the area surrounding it, which becomes very clear if you get a seat with a good view of the nearest traffic intersection. Resist the temptation to sit right at one of the windows and find a place to plop down that gives a good view of the entire bar facing out; you can get a great view of that leafy street outside as a bonus. There are some nights where you won't want to look outside, since Mosaic sometimes hosts viewing parties of such lighthearted, easygoing shows as Game of Thrones and Mad Men. Ha, right. Useful for those of us who don't subscribe to HBO, at least! I've usually walked in with friends with a better handle of the menu, and they've all nodded in approval of the beer on tap, so there. Selection is usually very good and the prices seem to be reasonable for, say, Stella Artois and the like (yes, you can end up paying $12 for the privilege of some beverages, but you have to go out of your way to do that). The staff are friendly and very attentive guides for that menu, with a calm demeanor in line with everything else about the establishment. I can't ever recall a difficult exchange with a member of staff, leaving me with blissfully little to say on this subject. An echo of a word of warning: this corner bar is a little intimate, as in, tight. I felt slightly trapped in one of the couches, but I gather most patrons will appreciate the cozy nook-and-cranny feel of the place. That's almost to its detriment when business is brisk on Friday nights, but I'm sure I'm in the minority on that opinion. It's certainly not going to keep me away, anyway.
I have been going here for a while but never wrote a review. I love this place and everything about it. They have a nice wine list and I have never been told sorry its not in stock when I have ordered anything. I can not speak much for their beer being that I  am a wino. But I know they have some on tap and in bottle. I love love the decor of this place. The low lighting really ads to the vibe that is set off. Its not a crazy overly packed bar. You dont have to worry about not getting a seat or being overly crowed. I also love the staff here! They are nice, funny, and all gentlemen! I could stay in this place for days once I enter, its comfortable yet classy. Just wish the bathroom was slightly larger. Will be going back to this place again and again.
It certainly doesn't hurt that this is on my street.  There is an extensive wine and beer list and a happy-hour that lasts until 8.  I am always kind of surprised when more outer-borough places don't extend their HH to 8, it takes a while to get there!!!! The velvety couches, low lighting from the pretty chandeliers and the super-friendly waitstaff make for an awesome evening.  I don't know anything about the food....maybe I will update another time :)
This is by far the best bar my girlfriend and I have been to in the five boroughs. If you're looking for a bar with a chill atmosphere, fairly-priced, delicious booze, and amazing cheese platters (their garlic & herb goat cheese with crackers if off the hook), then you've got to visit Mosaic. When I first walked in I had trouble believing this place was a bar; there wasn't any overly-loud, obnoxious music playing over the speakers, there were couches and coffee tables around the perimeter of the restaurant, and it wasn't overcrowded on a Saturday night. The waiter we had was very friendly and knowledgeable and recommended Crispin Hard Cider and the McKenzie's Seasonal Cider. Both were delicious. A night out drinking with good company just wouldn't be complete without munchies. We ordered the garlic & herb goat cheese with crackers and some riceballs wrapped in banana leaves (I think). Both were poppin'. If you're looking for a spot with good drinks, good food, friendly waiters, and good music that plays at a non-deafening decibel in the background, this is the spot for you. Also, I just have to throw in that Mosaic has a bit of a "Central Perk" feel to it for me. Win all around.
Oh my god, this place is breathtaking.  I did go there when it was a little dark, but I'm confident that unlike some individuals who are only alluring in a particular (dim) light and under a certain (beer) influence, Mosaic would be stunning in broad daylight or unflattering fluorescents.  It's wholly possible I'm a horrible person. Mosaic was 3/4 of my birthday weekend.  Tucked away in a normally easily accessible part of Astoria, the trains were an absolute mess the night we chose, to the point that the 4 of 20 of us who actually did show up all got there over an hour late.  Try getting anywhere when neither the 7 nor N lines are working in Queens.  Spoiler alert: the R is kind of worthless.  Mosaic texted me, and held our reservation dutifully when I said we'd definitely be there, if in a smaller group than originally planned.  Steve, Tom's business partner, had to leave before I got there, but actually texted to check on us and whether we arrived when he himself got caught in the MTA debacle :)  How sweet! Considering the 100+ beers they stock, I didn't taste any of them - sensing a trend here?  I seem to be lured places with the promise of what they're known for, only to completely ignore that when I get there... - instead, I ate.  Cheese paninis, chocolate lava cakes, and pepper shooters.  The panini was touted as the "best cheese sandwich I have ever eaten, and I never praise anything vegetarian," by my cousin who joined us, and the chocolate lava cake was a delight.  Damn it, writing this review makes me want to head back there for lunch right now...if I could take a 3-hour lunch break. The one thing that makes me sad is that much of their menu is not vegetarian-friendly.  I'm no herbivore, but as I don't eat cows or pigs*, I didn't have the shooters, and the menu doesn't have much left to choose from.  Tom sat down with us for a minute to go over the menu when we felt stuck, which was more than I expect from any establishment's owner.  To that end, if Mosaic could work on more flexible edibles, I'd soon be happily broke, stuffing my face with their food. We were treated wonderfully.  One idiot friend of mine literally curled up in a corner to take a nap after his troubling train journey to Astoria that night, and while I protested just short of smacking him, he was not reprimanded by anyone affiliated with Mosaic, and got in a 5-minute nap. For the sake of courtesy, please don't follow his example, though. *Explanation upon request.  Inexplicably, the first question is always "Are you a vegetarian?"  I'm about to start answering in the affirmative while I shove chicken, duck, lamb, or whatever else is on my plate - literally in front of the person asking that question - in my mouth, and see if anyone notices. ----- Pseudo-update 4/22/2013 upon a quick glance at the newer menu: I really want the Brie panini.  Anyone want to go with me?
I've been to Mosaic a few times, and I am never disappointed.  Their wine AND beer selection is great, their prices are decent for a wine bar, and their snack foods compliment perfectly with their drinks.  The ambiance is very intimate but not overdone.  You don't feel like you are in the typical pretentious wine bars in manhattan, but a nice low-key wine lounge.  The only negative, which is expected, is that it can be a little pricey, but still not as pricey as other wine bars.
Relaxing and classy atmosphere, but not snobby. The beer/ wine menu is extensive and delicious. The olives and garlic artichoke dip was great too. A good place for first dates, hanging with the girls, and birthdays. Ladies - try the Creme Brulee beer by Southern Tier... YUMM!!!
I have been wanting to go here for a while and since  Leslie D and I were in the neighbor hood we figured we should check it out. It was cold last night and when we came up to the corner the place looked closed and there were only a few people inside. We almost didn't go in which would have been a big mistake. When I saw the sign that said 114 beers I thought there is no way I'm not checking this out. The space is awesome, cute, cozy and just plain nice. We sat at the bar instead of the couches and perused the menu for a while. They have a beer for everyone here, and  had one of my favorites St. Bernardus ABT12 so I had to get it. By the time we left the place was filling up. I should mention they have other small bites like charcuterie and panini's. I do wish I lived closer or rather I wish it was closer to me, but if you like beer and a very cool environment, this place must not be missed.
From outside we thought "Is this place still open?". At a street corner, quiet as a mouse, unassuming. As we enter, we are met with a small space with cute interior packed with groups of people enjoying themselves. We picked a spot and was immediately greeted by their server. Their tables has hooks under them for your coats and/or purses. How inventive. Their menu was pretty decent. Didn't try any food tho. I was coming from a BBQ place which filled me to the brim. Their wine list was not extensive and included the popular ones but is enough for me. Their beer selection was quite impressive. Not a beer aficionado but I appreciated how they separated it according to styles with a whole page on the menu explaining what each style is. Helping the not so knowledgeable a.k.a me in picking what to drink. Crabbie's Ginger beer was light and refreshing :). Breckeridge Imperial Chocolate Cream Stout was a winner. I'm a fan of anything chocolate and this drink really made my night. First sip and the chocolatey taste made me happy. Mosaic is a gem. Will be coming back hopefully to try their tapas.
Although a little off the beaten path (as in not super close to the subway and not exactly where you'd expect it), I found Mosaic Cafe & Lounge to be a beautiful respite from the more typical bar scene found in Queens. From its golden ceiling to its beautiful bar, you know you've found something special once you walk in Mosaic's doors. My bestie Chris and I stumbled upon this jewel while freezing our nips off on a Saturday night. We almost didn't go inside because I honestly thought it was closed (i.e. looked empty) but Chris basically dragged me in once he saw a sign outside that said "We have over 140 beers available!" That's right, over a hundred beers to choose from and fairly priced to boot (according to my favorite beer snob). To be fair, this is not the bar to go to if you want Budlight... but honestly, you should never EVER want that crap. Or Coors. Or Budweiser. Yuck. Man up, people. For Mosaic, those who only appreciate the finer beers in life need enter. When we first entered, only a few patrons were there so it was a little quiet but that didn't stop us from moseying straight up to the gorgeous bar and asking for the menu. The list of beers was a little intimidating especially seeing the fridge from wall to wall that held all of the exotic bottled brews. Not knowing what to get, I called on baby's aid since he knew exactly what he wanted. After drinking two Belgian beers, I was done. Yup that's right, done. I can't recall the exact names of what I had at the moment but there was definitely a golden monkey in there... and possibly a pink elephant. I swear I wasn't hallucinating but at 10% ABV each, who the heck knows! Even though Mosaic offers some tasty bites like paninis and cheese plates on their menu, I passed as I had a certain pork gyro on my mind. Still it's nice to know that if you are craving a nibble or a freshly made panini created right in front of you at their open kitchen space, you can. That panini with prosciutto, mozzarella, fig balsamic vinegar and olive oil in particular smelled and looked delicious... especially after seeing it requested over half a dozen times. As the night progressed, Mosaic started to fill up and things became livelier. It still exuded the same cozy vibe that we encountered at the beginning of the night which was great. Overall it's an amazing lounge with beautiful decor and with an impressive beer list that most of the beer focused bars in Manhattan can't even boast of. For all the beer lovers out there, I personally endorse Mosaic Cafe & Lounge as your next drinking destination. P.S.: While I was there, I kept thinking "Wow what a great establishment to have a Queen's Yelp Elite Event at!" *Paging Mr. Jandito, paging Mr. Jandito*
Adorable wine bar in the neighborhood! Staff was friendly and accommodating, even on a busy friday night. Loved the decor and comfy couches! The wine list isn't super extensive but decent options are available. I live off of cheese (dairy in general) so the highlight of our Friday night there was definitely the blueberry goat cheese platter, highlighted with blueberry agave and candied nuts. Glad to know this place is nearby; great spot for a low-key date night or catching up with friends!
Literally only a few steps away from my new place in Astoria, Mosaic Cafe & Lounge seemed to be almost too convenient a location for a wine and small plates indulgence. I would walk by daily, wondering what occasion would be an excuse to go in. There are so many new places in my new neighborhood that I wanted to try, but I always ventured elsewhere (never disappointed with the choices I made). Even the owner noticed my interest, during the day, while he was prepping the place for the evening business. Although I hadn't even stepped foot into his establishment, he always had a friendly greeting for me. The perfect excuse finally happened. On a Sunday morning, I had a huge breakfast at the Bayside Diner, and I didn't want to deal with cooking, or going out for dinner. My significant other suggested we go to Mosaic, and it was a sublime experience! A glass (or two) of Pinot Grigio, accompanied by a plate of Italian Pepper Salami, Sopressata cured w/ wine & garlic, Jarlsberg and smoked Gouda cheese w/ Lungfish Caviar. All were presented superbly with a garnish of candied dried fruits and nuts, drizzled with a balsamic reduction. The ambiance was extremely relaxed. We chose to sit at the bar, and had great conversation with the bartender. It was genuinely good service, and that's the general vibe of the place. So, for my 100th Yelp review, I think the planets aligned to make this wonderful experience happen. I can't wait for next Sunday.
In response to the 3-start review below: Everyone please know that the person below who gave this LOVELY lounge 3-stars and a less-than-stellar review has recently been burned by one of the regulars and is just going out of his way to be hurtful and destructive. Everyone is entitled to their opinion, but what he said about the business and the owner is outright slander. Defamation of character is inexcusable. It isn't fair to put-down a business just because you don't like any of the NYC boroughs except for Manhattan (and as for being a 'Manhattan-ite,' he's from Chicago.) Mosaic is an Astoria hot-spot that deserves every bit of 4 or 5 stars. Drinks are affordable and varied, atmosphere is fantastic, and you won't find a more accommodating staff. I live in the Bronx and go out of my way to meet up with my good friends at Mosaic because we know we won't be disappointed. Situated on a corner, with a stunning view of the Triboro bridge, this bar/lounge is perfect for a 1st date, a night out with everyone you love, and everything inbetween.
This is the perfect place to sit down, converse, and enjoy a few drinks. The place is lined with couches around the perimeter perfect for small groups looking for a place to sit, chill out, and drink beer.  There is a waiter that takes your order. BEER: There are hundreds of beers on this menu.  Most are pretty strong, you'll definitely find a flavor you like. FOOD: Tried the meats here once, and it was the perfect appetizer. They also have wine and sangria.  Wait staff is friendly and attentive.  Everything reasonable priced.  No loud music blasting in your ears.
First and foremost, Astoria is the best hood. Just when you didn't think things could get better, a winebar opens up down the street. Yes this is my third time here, I love it here and I will continue to visit the gang at Mosaic, they are the best. This go around, when we arrived to catch the second half of the Patriots game, the place was jammin ... per usual. With that being said there wasn't a table for three people. I then spotted the love seat and two chair configuration, but there was a reserved sign on the table. Then a gentleman came over and said that my friends and I were more than welcome to sit there ... for now and if a bigger party comes along then we'd be bumped. I had never seen this guy before and knew all the staff at Mosaic so I had to introduce myself. He ended up being the owner, Tom, what a great guy!! We quickly ordered booze and I just had to order food. I tried two new menu items the salsa and the guac. The food was brought out rather quickly which was a thing of beauty because I was a hungry girl. Both items were brought out on a square platter decorated with colored tortilla chips with the salsa and guac as the centerpiece of the dish. The salsa was refreshing, cool and chunky. The guac was also very good. It was super smooth not a chunk of avocado and I'm usually a fan of chunky guac but this worked. The guac was topped off with pine nuts and dusting of paprika, making this dish more than eye appealing. If you haven't been to Mosaic, what are you waiting for? No seriously, regardless of what day it is this place is always busy. It's a cozy atmosphere offering up a number of different wines and beers. The staff is friendly, accommodating and fun!! So next time you need a spot to meet friends or just to have a glass of wine I highly recommend you get to Mosaic!
4.5 stars. This is a lounge.  The atmosphere is intimate - perfect for a romantic date or just catching up with an old friend - with comfy couches and the right sound level of the music. I think I've tried almost everything on the menu, and it's all been delicious! My latest visit included shooters (spicy cherry peppers stuffed with prosciutto and provolone), wine & garlic soppressata and blueberry goat cheese (party in my mouth!). I would like to see a few more food options, like a fruit plate, a vegetable crudite plate and veggies for the hummus.  (Before I cut wheat & corn from my diet, I remember trying the guacamole and hummus and loving both. Wish I had something to dip in them now!) Their wine selection is modest but fantastically chosen and reasonably priced. Their draft beer selection is expertly chosen, and the bottled beer selection is quite extensive. Overall a great lounge.
This place has a lot of history and a lot of scenery that is aesthetically pleasing. Great music, great bar with first class bartenders. Great appetizers too. Try the mozzarella sticks. They are filled with delicious mozzarella and the breading is mouth watering. Not too noisy either. I would recommend for a first date where conversation and getting to know the better is important.
I wasn't going to write a review for this place because I think everyone has already done a great job of promoting it and with good reason.  Just wanted to comment on one of the users from "Manhattan".  Save your cab ride and stay in your upper east side starbucks and please please don't come back out to Astoria.  And by the way the owners and staff are not creepy, they are friendly, helpful and chat with neighbors.  Obviously you feel threatened by men who can actually hold a conversation with women without wanting anything in return.   This is a great "neighborhood" place, so if you are coming from the city and expect the city then I suggest you don't come at all.
As a Sunnyside resident, I should be annoyed that most my buddies in Astoria have adopted Mosaic as their go-to spot for tipsy fraternizations. It is possibly the farthest bar for me to bike to except for the Con-Ed Plant's speak-easy which I like to imagine exists. But not a murmur of protest escapes my normally overly critical mouth because Mosaic does a splendid job in being exactly the bar/lounge I'd like to frequent. With most of my reviews I like start with a few lines about the decor. They are usually short throwaway anecdotes that I hope people glance over before they realize how pointless the statements are. But with Mosaic, the atmosphere is a huge draw for me and I would encourage any visitors to take a moment to appreciate it. It is Victorian-esque with playful color scheme but stops just short of being gaudy. It is what I imagine what Oscar Wilde's parlour room would look like while he exchanges witticisms with the Cheshire Cat. The seating itself, except for the bar, is largely self-contained so expect more intimacy with the group you are with rather than bumping elbows with strangers. Still though, the place is small enough to cheerily infringe on neighboring conversations and make new friends. The music selection has yet to be disappointing. Solid alternative tunes that sound hand picked rather than a playlist of popular Billboard listed tracks (They don't play Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks" on loop. I'm looking at you EVERYWHERE ELSE), More importantly, they play it at a reasonable volume setting that somehow eludes so many other bars. With these qualities in mind, along with the fantastic beer selection and friendly staff, Astoria should consider itself lucky to have Mosaic around. The worst part about it is the horrific squeaking sounds emitted in the area as I trudge on my crappy bike home from here.
i'm a mother f*ing manhattan-ite snob...I will be the first to admit. BUT (yes, there's always a caveat), i've calmed down a bit after a few years of living here...just a little bit. with that being said...this is probably the first year where I have not felt so anti-Brooklyn & anti-Queens in a while.  I slowly eased my way towards  Brooklyn... then slowly but surely....Queens.  Though, I'm still semi-anti Queens. Mosaic just disproved me ... there are some extremely cool wine bars (notably in Astoria) and Mosaic just fit that profile.  Super loungey, eclectic decor with a great selection of wine AND cheese AND charcuterie.. I kicked my feet on the sofa and forgot that this was not a friend's living room back home somewhere in Boston, but a public WINE BAR.  no one gave me sh*t about it either... which makes the entire experience super relaxing and fun. I love everything about this wine bar... and if I ever happen to be in the neighborhood, I would definitely go back. AND the prices will blow your mind away.  this place is a sweet gem... and has been open this past spring.  For my own selfish reasons, I hope this place doesn't blow up.  But... I do wish them success.  So sure...blow up if necessary.   there. don't call me a hater, because I can be a lover now.  kudos mosaic...you've done well.
Made my first stop in to Mosaic last night. I have to be honest: when a place touts itself as a craft beer bar, and only has 6 taps, I get concerned. But when I showed up and looked over the menu, I was pleasantly surprised. Mosaic has a fantastic beer list. Seriously. I sell beer. I drink a lot of beer. I was very impressed by their selection. So much so, in fact, that I didn't even have anything on draft. I was totally satisfied by the bottle selection. My wife and I split some pretzel sticks, which were good. Our friend had a sandwich and had no complaints. Logan, our bartender, was helpful and knowledgeable about their bottle selection. I'll write another review if I actually eat a meal here. Until that time, I'll certainly return for the beer.
I feel like this is the ultimate date place. The ambience was so cozy and romantic. They have a lot of comfy sofas (or chairs if you are into those instead) for you and company. The place is darkly lit, background music is only audible if people stopped talking (and very euphoric too). The place just gave a very nice atmosphere. You will definitely impress the girl just by bringing her here. So enough blabbing about space, lets talk menu (aka will I be broke if i go here). I agree w previous reviews that the price is very reasonable. Wine list is decent and extended beer selection. They also served small plate food. Definitely would go again and I'm glad to find another gem in Astoria.
I've been to Mosaic maybe nine or ten times and I've never had anything less than an excellent experience.  While it is a hike for me to get to it is always worth it.   Booze:  It has a beer selection that borders on the absurd and a staff that is extremely knowledgeable on it.  Seriously, from what Ed says you'd think he brewed them all himself.  From what I understand they also have an excellent wine selection but what I know about wine wouldn't fill a shot glass so I'll leave that to someone more qualified.   Food: Their food selection is really an icing on the cake.  It has some very nice high quality snack-y type food.  I had the seafood spread trio last night and it was excellent. Service:  After my first night there I was on first name basis with two of the bartenders, and was so with the rest and the owners soon later.  All just a quality group of people who will remember you and take care of you.  They have excellent service to all the tables and couches so if you don't feel like making your way to the bar you will be just fine. Atmosphere:  One of the main reasons I like Mosaic is just how very chill it is in there.  It definitely lives up to the lounge part of its name.  It's full of nice couches and easy music and perfect low lighting.  When it gets filled up it can get a little crowded as they definitely put quality over quantity when it comes to seating, which I am all about. To sum it up, to know Mosaic is to love Mosaic.  If I didn't live so far away I'm sure I would be bellied up to that bar more often than not.
Great local lounge with good food and an amazing selection of craft beers, A must go to for a weekday drink. Will defiantly be back many more times. A must try is the pretzel sticks with a nice ice cold beer.
Sometimes I shake myself out of my routine-induced stupor and wonder: Where are all my cool interesting people/Astoria peeps hanging out?  Then I go to a new place and find them all in one place! At Mosaic! This place is great for lots of reasons, and the ambiance + decor pulls it all together. There are some things to know so you can figure out your strategy of attack. For example, it's medium sized but you want to reserve ahead of time if you're going with a group of 6 or more. On a Saturday night, there were two birthday parties - a good sign. Very long beer list, excellent for brewing conversations. Only 4 or so are on tap, the rest are bottled. I left the wine list unexplored, so I'll just have to go back. There is food which I didn't try yet, but I hear there's no kitchen so anything that needs heating goes in a toaster oven - nothing wrong with that at all, delicious things come out of a toaster oven! But good to know. The waiter we had definitely knew about beer -- I really appreciated that, since you're bound to quiz the staff on such a long list. They must have awesome tasting sessions... Plus he was good looking, extra points. Finally, the ambiance is just simply cool - cushy couches, detailed tables, muted chandeliers, well-chosen music (went from rock to dance music as the evening went on). Bottom line, great for a drink on your own, a date, chat with friends, large groups, and parties. Glad to have it join the neighborhood!
I love mosaic. Its a great spot with a huge beer selection and delicious and reasonably priced wine. The food is amazing and the staff and owner are gracious and courteous. Couldn't ask for a better addition in the neighborhood. And to the chicago douche,I know people who come FROM Manhattan to hang here !  Poser.
I love Mosaic!  It's kind of a random location, not close to other bars or restaurants.  But once you walk inside, it's like you've been transported to a super classy bar with beautiful decor and a great overall ambiance. The drinks are a little pricey for Astoria, but well worth it.  The staff here is so friendly and helpful.  They make you feel welcome and are always happy to suggest drinks.  The waiters I've had have always been very knowledgeable about both the wine and beer options.  It can be hard to get a table at times but the staff tries to be as accommodating as possible.   This is definitely the place I take my friends when I want to show them how awesome bars in Astoria can be.
It was a breezy, albeit a bit chilly evening.  No complaints from me as I just got back from what felt like the hottest part of the world - Malaysia and the Philippines. Jet-lagged and wanting to shake off the tropical humidity, the cool weather and the prospect of meeting a friend at a neighborhood place spelled relaxing for me. The best surprise was that Mosaic has Innis and Gunn among its extensive list of drinks.  It won over Crispin' Cider as my beverage choice of the night and brought back memories of Beer, Bourbon and BBQ during which Phil H. and Stacey inducted me to the joys of Innis and Gunn.   In addition to its extensive list of drinks, Mosaic has small plates of food.  We opted for the basil, mozzarella and sun-dried tomatoes which had toast and some crackers ont he side.  I'd say that  can be skipped and just concentrate on the drinks.   Mosaic, you are one of the great reasons to be back in Astoria. :)
I heard about Mosaic sometime last year and I had been dying to go there, but just never got the chance. I finally went there this past Thursday, and I am kicking myself for not having made it there sooner. They have an extensive beer list with bottle- and draft-options, broken down by beer type (hefeweizen, IPAs, etc.), and also had listings of each beer's ABV% (which was very helpful for discovering how I was so tipsy from only one beer haha). The bartender was also very helpful when I told him that I wanted to try a hefeweizen, but I wasn't sure which one- his recommendations were spot-on. I was very surprised to see how empty this bar was on a Thursday night! Their decor is very cute, with some fancy couches/tables, and a long bar, but there was no one there! In addition, the one problem with Mosaic was that it was very dim in there, even around 8 p.m. And to make it even worse, the lights got steadily darker as the night went on. I know this is good for some people, but if I can't see my drink or the menu, this is a problem for me. I will be back to try some more beer, but will probably go earlier in the day.
Let me count the ways that I love Mosaic. Okay there are too many reasons to try out this place.   1)If your looking for a swanky awesome venue that allows you to snuggle up on a couch and drink a yummy glass of wine while your flirting endlessly with your date that is sitting across from you. - This is your place. 2)If your looking to try some fabulous beers that you have never tried before and your just itching to tune into one many numerous  beer selections, with the help/knowledge of the fabulous staff here.- This is your place. 3)If you want a local spot where the staff knows exactly what type of drink to pour you because of the mood that you are in. -This is your place. 4)If you want to have a group of your friends come over to celebrate your birthday party and you want a no hassle, so that your friends can enjoy this fantastic occasion with you. -This is your place. Long story short.  Why haven't you gone here?   I have been going to this fine establishment since I moved to Astoria in September.  I find myself here enjoying not only the fabulous company of the staff who I have the pleasure of calling them my friends but always having a fun experience that I get to share with my friends.
Discovered this cute little neighborhood gem recently. Loved the decor. Plenty of alcoholic drinks to choose from. I'm not much of a beer drinker, but I tried one of the fruity beers (watermelon?) and it was delish! We had some cheese and meat platters to snack on. And the bartender was VERY knowledgeable. We asked him for drink and food recommendations. He was friendly with a good sense of humor. My ONE complaint is that the bartender was alone for most of the night (aside from the runners) so it was really difficult to get a hold of him to order more drinks and eventually get the check by the end of the night. Definitely coming back!
Huge fan!! I've been twice now - once on a date with a guy that's super knowledgeable about craft beers, and once for a catch-up date with a girlfriend that's a wine drinker like me. It's perfect for both kinds of outings, and I'll probably end up having my birthday here next year - it's the kind of place that works for both undisturbed conversation with one other person and groups of people that like enjoying each others' company in a quieter, less crowded setting - it feels like you're sitting in a giant living room. If you have friends that live in Manhattan or Brooklyn that turn up their noses about a night out in Astoria, this is one of those places you should consider taking them to to make them change their minds. Wonderful ambience, nice people, good music, and great wine and beer selection. Can't think of anywhere else I've been quite like it. I've forgotten the name of the waiter that served me both times, but he was friendly, knew his stuff, and achieved that delicate balance of taking care of us without being overbearing and annoying. Both times, he sat down and introduced himself, asked our names (remembered them too!), and helped us out with suggestions and answers to every kind of question. Him and the guy I went out with started nerding out about craft beers, which was awesome - I mean it when I say these guys know what they're talking about. I stuck with beer that night and was never disappointed. When I came here the second time, my friend and I split a bottle of the Cupcake Red Velvet wine for $25, which was a) superbly delicious and b) a total steal, considering we got 2.5 glasses apiece out of it! We also got the cheese plate, which is as good as I've had anywhere and was the perfect addition to the bottle. Just another reason Astoria's the best.
Ambience: dark and moody. Great music selection. Drinks: a good selection of wine and beer. I enjoyed ladies' night here with my gurlfriends. I ordered the DaVinci Pinot Grigio which was clean and refreshing. We asked for water, and the waiter was kind enough to refill our water jug.
After watching this place be renovated for something like six months, walking by twice a day and hoping for signs of life, it has finally opened! My wife and I stopped in last night for a pre-dinner drink, and were very pleased. The decor is stunning, with couches, trim, lighting and tilework that give it a 1920s or 1930s feel. Very relaxed, but classy. The owners were very friendly and professional -- I hope that in the future they're a bit busier and have a bit less time to chat! They currently have a wine and beer list. The beer selection is pretty good, including some quality Belgian ales served in proper glasses, and a number of regional brews. I'm not sure if they will be serving mixed drinks in the future or not. I do know that they'll be serving coffee drinks in the afternoons soon (Illy espresso, Seattle's Best drip), and food (pressed sandwiches and cold items) in a couple of weeks.
This place is fantastic!  For years I've been looking for an alternative to the Beer Garden and Sparrow.  This place blows them all away. No guys, seriously. I secretly dont want to write such a glowing review because I don't want it to get too popular and have it lose its charm.  During the day its a nice place to bring a book and read. During the night get some friends together and play card games while you drink from their huge beer and wine list. Awesome service, a huge selection of beer that you honestly can't find anywhere in the area. The owners are so incredibly nice and the waitstaff really make you feel welcomed.  It's a FANTASTIC addition to the neighborhood. Mosaic!! You rock!!!
I am no kind of drinks aficionado usually opting for drinks that I just like the taste of, but it seemed like this place had an extensive and sophisticated selection of wines and beers. Came here for yelp drinks week. Never been to this part of town. Looked dark from outside but you are in awe as you step in. Decked out in blood reds and gold this is a quaint cosy corner that oozes unpretentious style. The ornate details of the bar has a French/tuscan feel to it. I had the cherry cider which was a first. Coming from England I adore cider, and this is one I'm definitely going to be searching for in stores. My lovely wife had the wine flight - 3 x 3oz glasses for $6 (usually 12). Will come back here for sure whenever I fancy a quiet evening with some beer and cheese.
We brought a Birthday party of over 20 people to Mosaic and the staff was friendly, attentive, and even let us bring in food. Their drinks are decently priced and the ambiance is wonderful. Mosaic has a lengthy beer selection and many wines as well. The music selection was also on point and not too loud. I could see myself hanging out at Mosaic during the week or even on the weekend. It's really an "any-time" kind of place. They have recently opened and everyone should head over to Mosaic to support one of our newest local Astoria bars!
Super cute bar. We had a bunch of the food which tasted pretty good, some of it may have been frozen. I really enjoyed the beer selection, everything I had was incredibly tasty. The atmosphere is neighborhoody and casual; I would feel as comfortable in here in a dress and I would in sweatpants. Just go there.
Great vibe.  Fantastic decor and a good tap list.  A new favorite.  I would recommend it, but I don't want it getting too busy for me!
I've been coming here every week and am absolutely in love with the place...I thought my couch was comfy! The decor is very classy and comfortable, it's like a huge living room with a nice bar. The wine and beer selection is great, I've tried 4 different red wines and very happy with them, the Rose is a good one too! The owners are great and congenial  and really makes you feel a part of their bar by listening to your suggestions. Working in Manhattan all week, I don't want to hang in the city all the time. This is the first place in Astoria I feel at home, great music, great ambience, great owners and great beer/wine!
This place is wonderful! Super friendly staff, great couches to lounge on, and an incredible selection of beer, cider and wine at really good prices. I highly recommend that you ask the staff for recommendations and try something new or different. You wont be disappointed. The cheese and meat plates are great as well. This place is the most wonderful neighborhood bar, and I will be there as often as I can be!
If you find a perplexing beer and wine menu exciting, and overrated finger food enticing, then Mosaic is for you. Bottom line, if you can sort through all the faux-fancy nonsense, Mosaic is a decent place to spend a low-key evening.
What's really strange to me is how this venue has garnered 4 & 5 star reviews. Then I looked at the locations of everybody reviewing it; and they're all from Astoria. So here is a Manhattan-ite's review: Pre-text - I've only been here in the evenings (post-8 PM) - I've tried the food, but have not sampled the more fulfilling dishes. While this place does feature a certain charm about it when you walk in with the lighting and decor, at the end of it all, the best part of the night for me was leaving. ======== The drinks ======== The drinks feature exclusively wine and beer; which isn't bad unless you're actually a whisky aficionado. To put it succinctly; I find it almost insulting when bars make their drinks menu this exclusive. I have to imagine the owner does it to not have to pay for a liquor license; but to be honest if I want a beer, I'll walk two blocks down to the Astoria Beer Garden. Keeping that in mind, the drink menu is reasonably extensive, with actually a fair number of choices of beers and wines. But it isn't so select to make it worth a trip to Astoria (as far as I'm concerned). That said, I tend to lean towards ordering ciders. My drink of choice happens to be Magners. What I don't understand is why I had to convince the bar-tenders that the proper way to serve a Magners is on ice (source: magners.com/about-us/gui…). ======== The food ======== The small bits of food I've tried have been admittedly yummy. Some friends had once ordered a chocolate plate that was actually pretty yummy.  And to be fair I've scoped out a cheese plate that did get my attention; but I haven't ordered it myself. ================ The creepy factor(s) ================ A) The owner that won't leave you alone and hits on any girl between the ages of 20-25. B) The decor that fittingly suits (A) ====== Overall ====== If you want to go somewhere that's trying to copy 'Central Perk' from Friends (being just as close to Central Park as the set for the TV show was) , this place is a total win. Places shouldn't get 5-stars because they're convenient and save you the trouble from going into Manhattan. Places should get 5-stars because they meet a level of quality that makes it worth going to.
Mosaic, what the hell are you doing here?! Right smack dab in the middle of suburbian Astoria is this smooth and sexy lounge. Mosaic is a bit a fish out of water, but that alone adds to it's charm. It feels almost like a speakeasy when you walk in here, because the decor and the nearby area are quite the contrast. It's Victorian furniture and lush red walls emanate a sense of tawdriness and naughtiness yet elegant, if that makes any sense. Beautiful chandeliers hang above and the bar itself throws you into a different time. This is a great place for a date or a small group looking for a lowkey night. Their wine and beer selection is very extensive. They feature a beer list that daunts any other place, beer garden or not, within Astoria. They also serve small plates of meats and cheeses, but I have not yet sampled these. And while I love wine and beer, I find that this place begs for me to be drinking a nice single malt scotch or a Sazerac. The decor speaks that it's actually more than it's surroundings, unfortunately it's just a wine and beer bar. I picture your sleek bar with piles of fruit over the counter placed next to the ryes, gins, and rums, while a mixologist works their magic. That may not be in the cards, but perhaps just a full liquor license?
I live down the street from Mosaic and remembered when they first opened up. I've always wanted to go but my nights plans always steered my otherwise. I finally managed to gather a group of friends to go and check the place out with me. The bartender, who served us at the couch we sat on, seemed very knowledgeable on the drink selection and everything he recommended we enjoyed. I ordered a glass of Sauvington Blanc and my friend ordered the pumpkin beer and banana bread beer. Music was just right and consisted of everything from Amy Winehouse to Kings of Leon. The only regret I have is having waited so long to finally check this place out. Glad something like this is in my neighborhood.
I went there the other night with my boyfriend and had a wonderful experience. We had a living social deal for 3 small plates and 2 drinks - which was well worth it. We had an eggplant/mozzerlla panini, artichoke dip with parmesean and garlic, and mozerlla rollup with chorizo. The food was quite good and it was fun to try new beers. The selection of drinks is outstanding! Had to revise this rating. Went back with a group and the owner actually accused us of not tipping enough and asked us to give more. (We tipped more than 20% but had it split over a few bills because there were about 15 of us) The audacity! I will not be back.
Mosaic is a very charming lounge that I quickly fell in love with. It's fairly easy to spend hours here with your friends or a date because it's such a relaxing atmosphere. Drinks are fairly priced ($6-$9) and the food is great! We had the spinach dip w. chips and a piece of Brie cheese that was served w. an assortment of breads and crackers. The spinach dip was seasoned perfectly! The Brie was a little too sharp for my taste for my friend loved it. They have a large beer selection with a few wine options. A great addition to Queens. I definitely will be back!
Great neighborhood bar Packed on a Friday night Trendy decor Couches, tables stools Came here on a date last weekend, 2 glasses of wine $17
Boo took me here because he knows I'm a wine and cheese enthusiast and, as I make the approach to the big 3-0, that have little patience for the beer and peanut crowd that is most nightlife in the city. There's tons of pairings and I loved their selection! Shared some chorizo and smoked Gouda with a nice Malbec...absolutely heavenly. This is a great place for either a date as it's quiet and allows for intimate conversation or just a low key night out with friends as they've got plentiful seating including some comfy couches. We came on a Saturday night around 12:30 and the place was about half full. Definitely will be back for more!
I threw a bridal shower at Mosaic a few weeks ago and I'm so pleased that we decided to go with this venue. The staff was helpful and very flexible with tailoring a package that fit our event perfectly. The decor is eclectic and funky without trying too hard to be different. The wine and beer lists had something for everyone to enjoy. I can't wait to go back!!!
My boyfriend just moved to this area and we have heard about the expansive beer selection at this place, which drew us in because we both enjoy beer. I was impressed by the decor of the place, not what I was expecting for queens AT ALL. And the staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable whenever we had questions or were trying to figure out what to drink. Next time we will try the food.
I wanted to try a new place so my friend and I went to Mosaic.  There was a single-release party so we sat toward the back on a couch as we chatted about our week.  We enjoyed the Monkey Bay sauvignon blanc.  The music wasn't extraordinary; there were  a few covers but the crowd seemed to not be too into the performance though the singer did her best to get us involved. We had fun and agreed that we'd have to make this a regular spot.
This spot used to be called 24 and run pretty sleazy, so let me just say Mosaic is 9857x better (yes, exactly that amount). The owner and staff are friendly and patient (some of them aren't too bad to look at, either). The decor is sexy (although due to limited seating, I wouldn't recommend for large groups. Probably four, tops.) The cheeses are divine. I haven't been in a few months and now that I'm writing this I'm not quite sure why. I don't know if they've expanded their food menu to include more than just cheese/meat plates and the like, but if not, there's always Sparrow up the block and then finish off your night with a bottle of wine at Mosaic =)
Down the road from the iconic Bohemian Beer Garden and near Astoria Park, this jewel of a lounge has opened up.  Painstaking detail has gone into the renovation of this space and it really has created a beautiful atmosphere.  From the chandelier in the bathroom to the antique cabinet behind the bar, no detail has been overlooked. The focus here is on the wines and the non-"Big 3" beers.  The service is warm and congenial, offering suggestions and assistance with brands that might be new or unknown to you.  I am ecstatic over the beer selection currently available, there are some great gems.  A Tripel Karmeliet had a creamy head with notes of banana and vanilla.  I was also introduced to Hell or High Water Watermelon Wheat; what may be the perfect summer potable.  Crisp with a clean finish, you get the essence of watermelon; I could drink a six pack of these easily.  They have almost something for everyone lagers, stouts, fruit beers; the only thing I thought was missing was a great sour like Rodenbach. As you can see this is a bit sided towards the beer, but they have a nice wine list as well and a nice selection by the glass.  I will be coming back  to try more and speaking with the beverage director I am excited about what is to come.
Finally tried Mosaic over the weekend after Crescent and Vine was too crowded to even stand. I'd been wanting to try Mosaic for months and I had a groupon so it was an easy choice. I love the ambiance and cozy couches for seating. It was busy so the service wasn't overly attentive but when the waiters came by they were extremely nice and helpful, making recommendations about both the wine and the cheese plate. I had thought we were pretty hungry but after a 3 cheese/3 meat plate with chips and guac we ended up with food left over. This was a perfect date night spot but also looking forward to going with a few girlfriends since they have larger seating areas with couches as well.
What a great find! One-of-a-kind eclectic decor, amazing drink selection, delicious food and small plates, and friendly service. Don't think you could ask for more. The Veggie Panini is delicious. And you can't go wrong with any of the small plates. Mondays are Happy Hour 4-8 ($2 off all drinks) as well as 25% all wines. Everything is reasonably priced as well. I went with 6 people and the bill came to $80 for a feast of food and drinks. A great Astoria find!!
Mosaic is relaxing, vintage, and affordable. Located in the middle of nowhere, Mosaic is a great find. Pros: Beers and wines start at $6. Great Hummus. Cons: Service - waiter was very emo...tionless. Cherry Peppers with Cheese and Proscuitto was very salty. But one could easily spend hours here with friends chit chatting over Beer and Wine. I'd definitely come back if I was in the area. It's a nice change from the Beer Gardens (which I love).
Mosaic is a quiet little wine bar that also has a respectable selection of beers.  By respectable, I mean a ridiculous list of beers that hit various price points and alcohol levels.  And during happy hour, which is from 4 - 8 pm, all drinks are $2 off.  This, folks, is a recession-friendly establishment. The tapas menu is equally as exciting and also diverse -- you can find anything from mixed olives to paninis and everything in between.  When I came, I ordered three items to nosh on: (1) hummus, which comes with fresh basil pesto swirled on top and hot pita; (2) vegetarian panini, which is perfect to share with another person; and, (3) cheese plate, which comes with dried fruit, greens, and nuts.  Everything was delicious, freshly prepared and brought out quickly. The service is exceptional, despite the fact that there was only one waiter/bartender.  He did an amazing job of making sure that everyone was taken care of and that nobody ever went more than a couple of minutes with an empty class.  He even had time to chat with a few friends who came in, but not without sacrificing service and attention to paying customers.  He was honest about the menu when asked about various items, an attribute that is both rare and also appreciated. The only reason that I can't give Mosaic Cafe & Lounge a five-star review is because of the location, which is somewhat obscure.  When I went, I drove and was lucky enough to find parking nearby...but this mode of transportation requires at least one member of your party to remain sober.  I would love to see Mosaic in a more populated area of Astoria that is closer to public transportation.
Great Lounge atmosphere with wonderful music and service! This place offers very Bohemian decor (red walls, chandeliers), also the lighting is amazing.  They have tables, sofas, and a bar area to sit at. Huge variety of beers and a nice variety of wines.  $25 for a bottle of Chardonnay and about $7-$8 for a glass of wine.  Beers are about$7- $8 dollars as well.  We ordered the cheese plate which was nice, came with dates, berries, crackers, bread and olive tepenade.  Just wish they gave a little more cheese (gave about 3 thin slices of one kind of cheese for $7, it's $3 for every extra cheese ordered) and wish they had a little more food selection.  They only have a cheese/meat plate, hummus dish, and an olives plate. Service was great, the waiter was very knowledgable about the wines and made conversation but was not overbearing.  I would definately go back to chill.
I just had my birthday here and I was really pleased.  There's nothing else like it in the area; it's really cute and a nice place to chill with friends.  Great beer list, pretty reasonably priced bottles of wine, and some nice appetizers.   I reserved a couch section ahead of time via email, and when we arrived they were very welcoming and had very fast service.  The only problem was that it was super hot in there- hotter than it was outside!  Maybe their AC was broken, but it was really unpleasant.  Finally after 2 hours they opened the windows and it was much better.  We shared several bottles of wine and some cheeses, and we had a great time.  I'll definitely be back!
I went to mosaic on Friday night with my gf and my overall experience was not so good. We entered and the place was full so the guy suggest us to wait 15 minutes.Ok we were waiting close to the entrance door and another guy came over and invited us to have a drink in the counter, no thanks we want a table. Then another one came to us and invited us again to drink at the counter...again...no thanks we just want 1 drink on a table. When we finally got a table the guy who took our order run away like flash after i told him the beers that we wanted but i'd like to order some food. When hi came back with our beers i have ordered some olives (a normal plate with 3 or 4 different kind of olives,nothing to cook) and the olives came after 25 min. 25 minutes to put some olives in a plate....i finished my beer in the meantime. We paid 27$ for 1 blue moon 1 leffe and some olives, quite expensive probably because of the place which is kinda cool
I really like the atmosphere of this place. It reminds me of a middle eastern speakeasy. Definitely a nice spot for a romantic outing. It has a dark and intimate feel and the wine selection is top-notch. If you're in Astoria it's definitely a nice place to checkout and its really close to the beer garden which is convenient.
Mosaic is a cool little spot off the beaten path in Astoria. If classy-casual is a category, I think that would be a suitable description for this place. Dim lighting, wine-burgundy colored walls and spots of candlelight on tables make this lounge suitable for a date or a gathering for catching up and hanging out with friends. One thing Mosaic is -not- would be a rowdy frat-boy style place to drink. They actually do NOT serve any hard liquor here. There is a excellent assortment of wines and beers, though. Seating arrangements include a variety of regular tables with chairs, high tables with high stools, and large couches and cushiony chairs for larger groups. And the bar, of course. I had no complaints about the service, I just ordered my drinks at the bar and brought them over to my table. The only food I ordered was the Mozzarella Rolls which were essentially flat pinwheels of mozzarella rolled with your choice of either prosciutto or chorizo. I opted for prosciutto, and they were ridiculously delicious. At $6 for 6 small, flat pieces though, it was not the greatest value in the world, albeit tasty as hell. The crowd here ranges from mid/late twenties to mid thirties or so, and everyone is nice enough. Ultimately, I wouldn't go too far out of my way to come here, but if you are in the area/within 30 minutes of the place, it's a pretty chill spot for a drink.
I loved Mosaic!  I wish I had found this place sooner.  Stopped in last night after the Beer Garden. Inside is so cute and I love the decor.  The bartenders were incredibly nice. Lots of options on the menu.  I enjoyed a Clown Shoe Clementine while my friend had a Rogue Dead Guy. I will be returning!
Came the other night with the girl for some food and drinks.  It was busier than I would have thought for a Monday night!   Okay, so right down to it: - Decor was nice, lots of seating choices (couches, high-tops, regular tables, and bar) - Food was GREAT! WAY more than I expected!  For cheese we had the ginger stilton - GET IT! And the danish blue was yummy.  Came with some nice little candied figs and bread and what not.  Hummus plate was huge too.  Would have been nice if it came with some veggies, I felt a little guilty having basically a basket of bread and cheese for dinner, but that's my own hang up. - Drink menu was extensive.  I'm normally a beer person, but having had wine with dinner I was keeping witht he vino.  I have the WLA card, so it said buy one get one free glass of wines (or 2 for 1).  But when we got there found out it was only for glasses $7 and under.  I don't see what the big deal is for it to be any wine.... kind of swayed my choices a little, but that's ok. Overall, nice place.  Would def come back!
I rarely venture to Astoria because it is difficult to get to from where I live, but I am so glad I took a chance on this place.  Mosaic is an easy-to-miss corner bar in a quiet part of Astoria because it is a little where most of the commercial establishments are.  But this place is well worth the visit. They have an insanely long beer and wine menu.  Every different kind of beer you could possibly be in the mood for they have here.  The prices?  All of them are reasonable, and come during happy hour and I think everything is $2 off.   The inside offers couches around the edges that you can get comfortable with a date, and the middle is packed with tables that are best for 2-4 people.  There is a long bar that seats maybe 10-20 people. Hungry?  They have tapas/cheese/meat plates here.  The bartender was incredibly nice and even told us that two items we wanted to eat were not actually that good and they were phasing it off the menu (bruschetta and the seafood plate).  But we ordered a cheese plate, a panini, and hummus and it was all incredibly tasty and fresh. Even on a Friday around 7pm this place was kind of empty but the perfect spot to hang with friends in a quiet setting where you can actually converse with one another and not feel overwhelmed by the crowd.  I hope a lot of people come here often because I would definitely come back and would love to see this place do very well.
Pros: they have my favorite beer (duchesse de borgogne) and it's a really cute place. Con: poor customer service. A group of my friends came in tonight for a drink and it was my first time here. There were 7 of us. We were asked by Luis, our server, how many people were in our party and when we told him, he looked confused and unsure of where to put us. We asked if we could pull together a couple small tables because other areas of the bar were occupied. A simple yes or no would have sufficed and we would have gone from there - instead we got a "not really, but whatever..." and he literally threw a couple menus on the table. Uhhh...why the hostility, bro? The rest of our evening at mosaic remained tense because apparently, we did something to offend poor Luis. Maybe he was new or stressed or preoccupied, but being a server myself, none of those things are a reason to treat patrons poorly. I'll probably be back for my favorite beer, but this was a bad first impression.
For drinks this place has an excellent selection.  Could use a few more draft options but their bottled beer list is great.  They had quite a few ciders too--I tried the pear cider which was very enjoyable. Only tried one wine but liked it much.  The Red Diamond Cabernet tasted very sweet and fruity to me without being too much so.  Would recommend it/have it again. About the food, it seems tasty but perhaps not too hard to make.  NICE presentation but that may cover the fact that it's mostly stuff you could get at a grocery store.  We had the mango and ginger stilton cheese plate.  The cheese was great as you really could taste both the mango and ginger, and the portion was sizable.  It came with some dried fruit and nuts and 4 kinds of bread/crackers!  However, the bread was basically sliced grocery store bread--one white, one wheat, and one cinnamon raisin.  What made it all worth it was the price--only $8 and it was enough to share! To sum it up, I wouldn't say they have stand-out great food here but I would come back for a great drink selection and good deals on cheese plates.  Just bought the yelp deal to pay $18 for $30 worth of food!
This place was surprisingly excellent. Normally, I check out new places on Yelp before going, but my girlfriend and I had purchased a Groupon many moons ago and we randomly decided to use it. Knowing only that this place was a lounge that served wine and cheese, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that they had an extensive and impressive beer list. The wine was a little expensive but the beer was very reasonably priced. We ordered a meat and cheese plate (which was also reasonably priced). It took a little time to prepare, but it was worth it. We went with goat cheese and prosciutto and they worked out well together. The plates also come with an assortment of breads and some dried fruit. Every element was delicious. The music selection was very hit and miss: some classic rock/pop songs (which was nice) and some Dave Matthews Band and Jack Johnson stuff (which was less nice). Overall, this place was great and I will definitely be going back.
I like! Extensive beer list. Ambience is dark, intimate and fun. Nice wait staff. Tapas/ apps are yummy.  Def try it. I think it would be Good for a date night :)
We were looking to do something low key last night, I was in the mood for wine and I've been meaning to check this place out, so A and I headed over around 11pm. Parking is a bit of an annoyance, but that's not the establishment's fault plus it was a Saturday night. The place was pretty busy but luckily they were able to seat us at one of the high tables minutes after we arrived. The ambiance is lovely; dark and ornate with gold ceilings and red walls. Kind of vintage and hipster, maybe gypsy-esque (smells of incense) and even a little Victorian (the couches). Contradicting description maybe?... but anyway, it's a good vibe for a date or a girls night. A says it's a "cool neighborhood spot." Good music, suits the ambiance and not too loud. They have an extensive beer list and I like how they organized it by the type of beer it is - IPAs, Lagers, Lambic - makes things so much easier to order especially if you know you like certain types of beer but want to try new brands in that category (as I do). Their wine list is disappointingly limited especially cuz they're classified as a wine bar, but maybe that's just a misbranding issue on Yelp's part. Unfortunately, A was in the beer mood so I ordered wine by the glass. (Normally, I would just get a bottle for myself anyway, but we were trying to keep it mellow.) Wine by the glass is IMO almost never good what with the wine having been open for God knows how long exposed to air, even with a wine stopper. Even with the expectation that it wasn't going to be great, I was really horrified by how old the wine was. I think it may've been open for days, maybe even a week. Perhaps if I had said something, the staff may've switched the glasses out for a "fresher" wine, but it was really one of those nights I didn't wanna bother with anything. I just switched over from the Beaujolais to Cabernet; same issue though. Stay far far away from their wines by the glass. (Unless the wines themselves are just bad, but I'm pretty sure that's not the case because I've had Beaujolais enough times to know it doesn't taste like that just opened.) Switched over to beer after that; no complaints there. And, by then the crowd had cleared so we grabbed a seat on one of the couches - super comfortable! I really can see myself going back with a group of girl friends and drink and chat all night. They also have a food menu that looks pretty good and would pair well with beer or wine though we didn't partake having just come from dinner. Service was on par; they were busy for most of the night, but our glasses weren't ever empty for long and once an order was placed, they were super fast to bring it.
I jokingly call this place my second living room - yet it's not too far from the truth!  I love coming here and working on my computer or chatting with friends and meeting new people.  Everyone is super friendly yet also leaves you alone enough if you want to get stuff done! Awesome decor.  Great owners who are super interested in your experience and comfort.  It's still in it's first week so some of the kinks are still being worked out, but with the great wine prices, ambiance, and interesting convo's going on all around you... it's definitely a must-see!  I can't wait to try all of the wines and to see how it keeps improving over time!!!
In LOVE with this place! My roommates and I went last night for my birthday and had a great time! The decor is really cool and trendy with out the price tag. The wines are delish, and I'm still dreaming about the cheese platter. For $7 you get one cheese and each additional cheese is $3. I highly reccomend the goat cheese with honey and almonds. Our server was so helpful and accomodating. Since they have such a limited food menu, we were able to bring in our own desserts! They also have a great foursquare deal, if you check in 5 times, you get a free glass of wine. I'll definitely be coming back!
I have been to Mosaic several times and each time I have been more and more impressed. The bar has great drinks and a long wine and beer list, it also serves up very well made and executed bar food. The best part is the ambiance and the people who work there. They are all very nice, helpful, and outgoing in terms of striking up conversations and helping larger groups have fun at the Bar. Love it!
Went here once with my vegetarian friend after hitting up Studio Square. We wanted a quiet more mellow spot and hit up this gem. It was a dark, chill spot. We easily got a table and ordered some wine. My friend got the eggplant panini and I got the hummus platter with pita and crackers. Food was great, service was really good, atmosphere was peaceful. Overall, a good time. I'd definitely go back if I was in the area.
Awesome beer list, great atmosphere and stellar service.
Ambiance is so cute! blueberry goat cheese is amazing! Nice spot for a date or just a nice drink with girlfriends. Coming back!
This is one of my favorite bars in Astoria. It reminds me of Madame X in manhattan, but cozier. It's beautiful, has a great selection of wine and beer, and even the food is scrumptious. The dimly lit interior makes it a perfect spot for a date, but very reasonable prices make it a great stop over after work for a beer. Highly recommend!
Love love LOVE this new place in Astoria! I first discovered this place when a friend of mine held a birthday get together there. I was immediately impressed by the beautifully designed interior and the great first impressions just kept coming! The beer and wine list is amazing and affordable, they have lovely snacks, no credit card minimum and the people that run it are kind, personable and welcoming. What could easily come off as a snobby "wine bar" is the exact opposite. I can't wait for them to extend their hours to earlier in the afternoons because it is a great place to spend a quiet afternoon.
I used to live a block away from this place.  I loved going there during off-peak hours for wine and cheese.  I think it's cute and inventive the way they make their snacks, sans kitchen.  They have a few beers on tap, and tend to make interesting and overall good choices for them.
On a quiet Sunday evening, My mother and I needed a drink. We set off on foot to the Mosaic Cafe which was a mile away from where we currently were. When we arrived, the beautiful wine bar was so inviting on the not so cold November night. With the illuminated Tri Boro bridge in the background, it made for a very serene and beautiful location. Sure, this amazing place is dead smack in the middle of a residential area but its a few short blocks away from Beer Garden. And I think the neighborhood is mostly young professionals so this would surely be the place to knock a few back after work. What I love most about this place: how amazingly comfortable it feels. A few well designed mosaic tables, some high bar tables, couches and sofas and the dim lit house. It makes you want to come in your most comfortable clothing, drink a big glass of wine with a snuggi (esp on that sofa). And because its a wine and beer bar it doesn't smell like a bar at all. As I get older, that bar smell really makes my stomach turn! We were greeted by the bartender, Billy, who was not only gracious but extremely knowledgeable of the extensive wine and craft beer menu. Not having that much knowledge of the kinds of beer on the menu, he was able to pick a beer for my mother to drink. Did I mention she is not a beer drinker? From the extensive menu, i chose a Hofbrau Oktoberfest and mom got the Shipyard Pumpkin Ale. After she tasted mine, she quickly confiscated it. But it was absolutely fair since hers was the best pumpkin ale i have ever tasted; complete with a cinnamon sugared rim. As Billy proclaimed it "Pumpkin Pie in a Glass". To help us tip back the beers we ordered some snacks. We were given an assorted bread basket with an olive tapenade. We ordered a meat and cheese plate which consisted of a few slices of jarlsberg cheese with Italian sweet salami, dried dates and candied nuts. I also ordered the trio of seafood spreads that came with crackers. Lobster, crab and salmon. All were really good and inspired us to add a lobster dip to our thanksgiving menu! The prices are fairly reasonable and the trek was worth it. This was certainly the first of many times at Mosaic Cafe!
This bar is amazing. I came here one time for seven drinks after a long day of work. A girl wearing rollerblades came in and I said "nice shoes". Then we had sex. Flash forward four weeks and we're happily married. Two kids, a dog named sparky, the whole shebang. My life is now perfect. Only complaint: the tin roof sounds a little tin-ny when you tap on it. I would stay off the roof.
This is my new favorite spot. The atmosphere is amazing; it's just so relaxing and a great place to just chill with friends. The service is awesome and being a kind of regular there I've gotten to know the staff... all of which are great. It's also a great place for a date. The wine and beer selection is huge and the few food items they have are awesome. I would recommend this place to everyone. Oh and the couches they have are super comfortable.
So in love with this place!!! I've been going to the church a few blocks away since I was born (ironic right?) and I have passed this corner in its many different forms. I was a bit sketch about it since places have never lasted long there, esp a bar away from the more lively area in Astoria.. but this place is a gem! GREAT beer, normal prices, great environment, good crowd and sweet playlist. And one of the most important parts was the fantastic service. I did go on a Monday evening but there were filled chairs and sweet loungey couches, and the waiter was SUPER attentive and extremely helpful with recommending a beer. I'm making this place part of my life.. will try the food next time. go for the amazing beer selection though fo sho!
Why didn't I try this place sooner?! That is my only regret concerning Mosaic. This place is extremely close to my house, so I am saddened that I haven't been enjoying this place more. My visit was in honor of Yelp drinks week, and what a way to kick off my week! If you're looking for an eclectic selection of off-beat beers, and fine wine, this is the place to be! The food was AMMMMM-azing, and even better was the service. We sat on the comfy couches and immediately absorbed the vibe of laid back music playing low. The atmosphere could be used for an intimate convo or a group shindig. I can't think of anything it wouldn't be perfect for. We decided to try some of the special beers and asked for suggestions from the "bartender". He was extremely knowledgeable of all the selections, and provided excellent recommendations for us. So, we had seconds. We ordered a favorite; prosciutto. Also, stepping outside of our comfort zone, we added a new cheese- Goat with Garlic & herbs. It was MUCH more than just cheese and meat on a plate- and better than many high priced tapas joints in the city. It was a beautiful arrangement of generous portions of the meat and cheese, accompanied by a couple of peppers, nuts, and dried fruits, surrounded by a vinaigrette drizzling. It was also presented with assortments of breads and crackers. The "bartender" then explained with care and concern what each item was. At this point, I realized he was not only the bartender, but more than likely the creator of this beautiful plate. No, more than that- he was meticulously careful, and proud... kind of like a Father. He had to be the owner! Of course he was! He was far too studied in what he was serving us. We found it amazing the amount of detail and care he put into not only his food and drinks, but the details of the establishment, creating for an overwhelmingly wonderful evening. Will I be back? Only if I'm smart, and very very kind to myself! :)
They have an unbelievable beer menu with some pretty good small dish selection.  Definitely a place to check out for drink.  Try their artichoke dip, freakin awesome.
I adore this place. It's a low-key wine bar with a large wine selection and plenty of choices for finger food. I wish they served more cocktails, but oh well, can't have everything.  Service could be a little bit more attentive on nights when Mosaic is busy (usually Fri and Sat only -- on weeknights, there's always plenty of space) but I've never had a bad experience.  All the waiters, who seem to be mostly young actors/model-types, are friendly and personable.  Usually I get the spanakopita to snack on; the Caprese salad is also tasty.  You can't beat the prices! Mosaic would be good for both larger groups and smaller groups There are many comfy couches and chairs to sit on (if, say, you have a book club meeting), as well as traditional tables and a bar.  I often come with a book just to hang out and read while I drink and eat. The furniture and decor are really funky and fun; the music is never blaring loud, either.  They do have a big-screen TV which I have only seen on for major events, like the Oscars.  It's the perfect atmosphere for a low-key night.
Mosaic is a classy, elegant, and tastefully done lounge. The music is very calming and exotic. I've never been a guy who likes to sit at a bar, whereas the comfy couches, chairs, love seats and quaint small round tables with stools are all very enjoyable. The food is delicious and the presentation is superior for a lounge. They have an excellent wine and beer collection and all that I can say is Mosaic is a wonderful place to bring someone special, or a small group, to enjoy a cool and eclectic environment. The service is great and the prices are reasonable compared to Manhattan.
I have heard of this place for a while now and as a big craft beer fan I wanted to check it out.  We decided to go here Friday night for happy hour.  We got here at around 6:00.  The bar was basically empty at this time, which was fine with us.  Immediately upon walking in you can tell this place is going to be good.  The atmosphere just seems like it is going to be a nice chill bar.  We had the option of sitting at various, tables, the bar or a nice comfy sofa.  We chose the sofa.  We sat here for a few hours and enjoyed some of the many craft beers they had on the menu.  They have five or six beers on tap, but then have a large number of bottled beers to choose from.  During happy hour the draft beers are $2 off and the bottles are $1 off.  The service was excellent as well.  Every time my glass emptied there was a server there asking what I would like next.  As the night went on the place started to fill up and I can see why. I will definitely be going back to this place and you should too.
My boyfriend and I live about 5 blocks from Mosaic and we have started to consider it our second home. It's nice to have a quiet place to have a drink on the way home from work or even as a nightcap, and 24th ave (before Mosaic) had very few of those. From the very first time we decided to stop in and have a drink, we were met with not only an incredible and mouthwatering selection of wines, beers, cheeses, and meats (plus other delicious options), but with warm welcomes. We got to meet Tom (the owner) on our first night. He sat down with us, and not only asked (and remembered our names) but wanted to hear about our tastes and help us choose something to drink. There are very few places that you can receive service like that. That left such a distinct impression on us, that we continue to stop in every chance we can. Luckily for us, we have also fallen in love with Ed-- one of the bartenders there. He is great to talk to, has excellent taste in beers, and is a spectacular salesman. Every time we go in there now, we are met with smiles or hugs and someone who remembers our names (a very nice luxury when you go to a bar). We know that Mosaic is continuing to grow and mature as a bar, and we can't wait to see that. Our only wish, is that is was open all the time. When I asked my boyfriend if i should add anything to this review he said to say: Dear Lord, Thank you for Mosaic. Love, John and Laura
This place is amazing, amazing, amazing. I walked in there for the first time last night and it was like I had been there a million times before. The bartender was really friendly and funny--plus they have over 80 beers to choose from, a bunch of awesome wines, and a few small bites that I will have to try next time I'm there. This is my new spot in Astoria, for sure.  Also, the atmosphere itself is really nice, with lots of couches and tables, and would be the perfect place to go with a small group of friends for a few drinks.
I really like this bar. Great beer selection for being a wine-y kinda bar. Cheese was good too. Gets crowded fast now on the weekends and isn't extremely large. The ambience feels a little formal but it's actually pretty chill/laid-back. Will be back. Also, every waiter I've had (x3 different ones) have been absolutely fantastic with service and drink choice suggestions.
Great beer selection and atmosphere.
Great place to bring a date or forget your name while drinking 90 minute dogfishead IPA.
Awesome neighborhood place, laid back feel, great service and very good selection of beers and wine for a small spot.  I liked the fact that it is not in a heavily trafficked place and that added to the mellowness.  I would definitely recommend to anyone who doesn't feel like making the trek into the city for a nice lounge.
Hands down one of the best places in Queens. Amazing beer selection, 100+ different to choose from. Their yelp offer is worth every penny, prices aren't too bad either. The decor is very original with an European vibe to it.  Excellent place to hang out, chill out and enjoy a few imported or locally microbrewed beers.
This place is great. The staff is friendly, the owner is awesome, the beer is delicious.  Besides being very friendly, the bartenders (I know Billy and Ben) are great and have more to say than just the total of the bill. This place is great. Being your friends and have a good time on their comfortable furniture. I can't wait to come back.
I am rating this place for what it is. For my own personal taste I would give it 1 star. The place is pretty inside, very romantic, girly feel. Not a lot of food options , more about snacks, wine, and beer, it is very laid back. Not the type of place I would hang out at again, but I would recommend it to my girl friends.
Just went to Mosaic for the first time tonight (after going to another wine bar and left because they didn't have air conditioning when it was 98 degrees outside) and fell in love! The decor is amazing, it's got such a gorgeous ambiance and I felt like I was having a drink in someone's upscale apartment. They have comfortable vintage-like couches with throw pillows, cute stools & tables and really nice light fixtures ...I can't rave enough about this place. They have a huge selection of beer but the wine list by glass is a bit limited. We got appetizers there and the mozzarella, tomato and basil tasted very fresh (the hummus was ok, I've definitely had better but it's a lounge so who cares?). The service was great; the waiter was very accommodating and helpful. I can't wait to return!
Just an update! Tried the food and the paninis are awesome! As for the other tapas like the hummus and the guacamole, it tastes alright but a little Costco esque. Of course, if you're at mosaic in the first place, it's probably for the awesome beer selection, not the food....Overall, I will be back!
It's hard to imagine anyone giving this place a bad rating. Me and my date were comfortable as soon as we set foot in the place. Great beer and great wine options. We didn't try any of the food but sounds like that is excellent as well.
love this place, quiet, laid back vibe, no TV (except for Sunday nights for True Blood, Breaking Bad, etc). The servers/bartenders are always super nice. Great beers on tap and by the bottle and the paninis and apps are nice.
Absolutely AMAZING!!!!
Went on a week night and used a groupon.The place was small but very romantic, calm, quaint and dimly lit and relaxing. The waiter was informative and professional making recommendations on wine and beers. Very nice beer and wine list. The food was very good . We had four small plates ,(TAPAS) cheese plate, chips and guacamole, sausage it was all delicious. Delicious red wine, beer and a great atmosphere.Its a small  lounge, casual yet classy.  They have a lot of specials during the week which are great and save you some money. A definite five star with great ambiance.
I could lounge all night long at Mosaic.  The atmosphere is that of a high-end bar without the snobbery or pretentiousness.  It is a perfect marriage of swanky, ultra comfortable and AFFORDABLE.  Yes, it's true you can go and lounge there on any given night, plop on one of the comfy couches and enjoys a huge selection of beers, ales and wine with starting prices of $5 for an awesome summer ale or $7 for a GOOD glass of wine. The wait staff is attentive and knowledgeable and they go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your experience at Mosaic. It should be and probably will be Astoria's favorite new hangout.  Go there,  you will love it just as much as I did.  I'll probably see you there!
I live very close and have been here a few times since they opened.  Very pretty inside, huge selection of beer and wine, laid back vibe and just found out they have free wifi.  I will definitely be back :)
special little place.  my biggest worry, little foot traffic and my selfishness, little foot traffic.  i want the quality to remain. impeccable attention to detail.  not talking a good paint job either.  level of quality is just shy of being intimidating.  makes you want to get your shoes shined. cheese plates were deep and creative, including candied nuts, kalamata spread and figs with balsamic drizzle.  great beer list and resonable prices.
This is such a nice place to go to, no matter what the occasion is. A romantic date, catching up with friends, or sitting alone reading. The atmosphere was beautiful, and I personally loved the random song selection I was hearing in the background. The staff was very sweet and friendly. They were knowledgeable about their menus as well. My friend and I both asked for specific recommendations, and the waiter was spot on with both of us. The wines we had were delicious, I highly recommend the Superstition Riesling. We also tried the smoked gouda and salami plates, which were equally as good. I'll definitely be returning, soon!
Best wine and beer bar in Astoria! The average beer starts at $6.00 and a glass of wine is $7.00. Perfect spot for a birthday or special engagement. Beautiful couches and decor. OVER 100 Beers!!! Wow!
Lovely, cozy wine bar with excellent beer selection. Small plates also very good.
I have been waiting for a good wine spot walking distance from my house and this long overdue! I love the atmosphere and sexy vibe. The wine selection is decent. This is a chill place to end up and let the night take you whereever.
Love this place! Not only is the beer list massive but the wines are amazing too! They rotate out stock so there is always something new coming in. Can't find a better variety than right here!
This place just opened, so I reserve the right to adjust over time.  But for now, they're bordering on 5 stars.  Great atmosphere.  Lovely decor (I'm told all handmade by one of the owners).  And for me, the best part is that this is a wine bar, inexpensive (but not cheap), that also has several beers on tap.  It's just so common for wine bars to ignore beer altogether or just have a few token bottles of beer collecting dust in the back room.  Not Mosaic! And if you like bottles of beer, they have tons of those too.  Oh yeah, and great wine.  I look forward to when they start serving food.  Check them out!  It's really the best new addition to Astoria in a while.
Cute beer and wine bar. The decor is nice and the ambiance is pretty laid back. Nice place to sit and have a chat with friends or a loved one. Would return for sure.
This has easily become my new favorite place in Astoria.  Since we live close by, my roomates and I have waited patiently for the opening.  As soon as the doors were open, we ran inside.  The decor is beautiful.  There are warm scented candles, beautiful and really comfy couches, great light fixtures, beautiful tile work, and an overall really nice open space.  And though the decor may seem a bit fancy, the atmosphere is totally chill.  A place to lounge after a long day at work, and put your feet up.  The owners are super friendly, really taking an interest in their patrons.  They sat down with us to explain their vision, and to help us with their wine list.  I tried about 5 wines there so far and they are all delicious.  The wines also have really fun names like Arrogant Frog or The Usual Suspects.  Mosaic also has a tremendous beer selection.  Oh, and the prices are cheap!  $7 for a fantastic glass of wine.  Fine by me!  My roomies and I are hooked, and we plan on coming in every week.
My friend and I decided to check out mosaic after hearing from almost everyone that is was amazing. I gotta say I was impressed. For the location this has to be the cutest most chill spot past Astoria blvd. the decor is amazing, music is not too loud, and the vibe is not too mellow or too over the top. They have a huge selection of bottled beer and really good wine selection as well and not to mention the servers are always very nice. Now here's what I didn't like... the food. I've been here various times and love it but I still can't get passed the food, it's not terrible but it's always served cold and in a lot of olive oil, for some that may be a good thing but I can't. I will never stop going to mosaic for that reason but if the food selection was a little bigger and maybe warmer, I'd be here everyday. Deff a must go to spot when you're not that hungry and just wanna lay back and have a drink
Unpretentious, unassuming and architecturally stunning, Mosaic Cafe & Lounge is a cozy respite off the beaten track of 31st/Ditmars. I am a devout neighborhood and close-to-home casual drinker and seamlessly became a regular...with good reason! These three friendly fellas have created a beautifully charming and welcoming atmosphere for groups, solo drinkers and laptoppers. The owners are happy to sit down and relax with their customers and are exceptionally receptive to suggestions and feedback regarding their menu and drink list. The beer selection is stellar and ever-evolving with one of the most bottled craft selections I have seen in Queens. While not massive, the wine list most definitely rivals other Astoria businesses that attempt the near-impossible feat of offering an impressive and widely international wine list to those patrons passionate about wine. And finally, these guys endeavor to create a stronghold in the neighborhood. They will introduce themselves and remember your drink of choice. They may have one with you. That's good business. And my kind of bar.
I love this place. Great beer selection. Always some friendly people at the bar.
beautifully decorated place. just the right amount of light and such coziness that you feel right at home. great place to talk and unwind. i havent seen anything like it in Astoria. the prices are great. i'm in love with their cupcake wine. its my fav now. their cheeses are delicious. the service is so friendly and accommodating. the owners passionately care abt their clientele's needs and the cafe, which definitely shows thru.
McKenzie's black cherry hard cider on draft.  Om nom nom nom.
Great spot with a very friendly vibe. If you are looking to have a drink with a friend and people-watch, this is a great place to start. Much needed in Astoria.
great selection of beers (both tap and bottle) and excellent bar snacks.
Great atmosphere and large wine selection!
only a couple unremarkable bros occupied the brothel-inspired seating in this dim lounge, during my chance drop in early one friday evening. the AMAZING bar tender and tantalizing draft beer list made this place totally worth my while.
A fantastic bar.  Great atmosphere, varied seating options (bar, tables, couches, etc), and an impressive wine and beer menu.  Though I'm by no means an expert on the neighborhood, in my book it's the best place in Astoria to bring a date.  The bartenders are also super friendly.  I only hope it manages to retain the great neighborhood bar feel it has as more people find out how great it is!
Beautiful place. A real gem in the neighborhood. Kind of expensive, though, and usually crowded, which kept me from giving 5th star.
Mosaic is a total labor of love and it shows. Everything from the wine selection to the decor has been carefully crafted to create a thoughtful yet laid-back bar that has been much needed in the Astoria Ditmars area. Its a gorgeous bar with super-friendly owners and a vast selection of wine and beer. I have never felt so lucky to be living in Astoria.
Wow, what a super place off the main drag in Astoria! Has everything you could want in a neighborhood bar elevated to another level. The space is sexy: chandeliers, couches, eponymous tables interspersed with hi two tops, tin ceilings, rich red walls, lighting that makes everyone glow and one million craft beer selections. Ok, not one million but a huge (150+) beer menu, wine, port, sake, soju and cider too. There's eclectic food options ranging from guacamole and chips to panini, hummus, spanakopita, cheese and charcuterie and more. On the evening we were there, owner Tom took great care of my GF and I. She is a beer enthusiast and I prefer wine = done! Tom even convinced me to try a fantastic local Panumonk rosè (usually I picture Bubbe having this with ice at Del Boca Vista, but it was stellar!) to accompany my "cheese for dinner" decision =) The blueberry chèvre, smoked Gouda and Gorgonzola were perfect as were the nuts, crackers, bread and honey accoutrements. Abi had the Margarita Bruschetta and the Brie Panini, the latter oozing with triple creme, walnuts, almond butter, apricots with a powdered sugar dusting was delicious; she took half home. This is a place to sit and enjoy a catch up conversation, date night, GNO over bevs and bites in a warm comfortable setting. It has been bookmarked forever and I'm so glad we went. They have beer tasting (some blind!) events, "Walking Dead" and other screenings, Happy Hour specials and options for catering. Great place, super staff and owners, can't wait to return.
Two things about this beautiful place: 1) The place is a great place to hang out with friends and they have a great beer selection. 2) The manager/waiter was just very rude, we came in (4 people) on Sat night the place had people sitting and relaxing, after waiting the manager wanted to squeeze us in a 2 top, so very nicely I asked him if we could wait for a bigger table, in very impolite way he replied: "it's this or nothing" well we just left... This used to be one of my top places in Astoria but last Saturday was my last time.
Cozy,  warm wine bar in queens. Perfect for a small bite and so really good wine,  at a very decent price per bottle. Owner is really nice and is great at recommending things.  Couches are comfy, but if a big group comes and its just you and someone  else, he will kindly ask you to move to a high table. Place gets busy friday and specially sat.
Very cute and cozy place. The interior design made me feel as if I'm having my glass of wine in a royal living room. It's perfect for a date or for a group to hang out.
I can't believe I've never written a review of this place before. Well first things first, a big shout out to Billy who was charming and delightful and helped pick out some good beers on their newly expanded list this past weekend. It's not easy being gracious to the rambunctious middle aged crowd I brought by. We've been coming to Mosaic for a few years now and I absolutely love their low-key style. Their new beer list is superb, you can get at least 8 different kinds of sour beer (which is something I always rate my bars by) and it goes to many pages of all your other traditional beers (lagers, IPAs, lambics, etc.) Their wine is isn't nearly as extensive but it hits all the major tasty groups. They used to have a banging deal for wine flights, but I'm not sure if it still exists. Their food options are also tasty. We almost always get the mozzarella hand rolls and the pretzel sticks (which are soft and buttery like Auntie Anne's). I don't know if I've tried anything else. The decor is possibly my favorite party. The place is filled cushy chairs and sofas that look well maintained. I'm not nervous sitting on any of them like I have been at other establishments. They keep the lights at the perfect "make everyone look beautiful" low light, which does everyone favors and will certainly increase my tip at the end of the night. It's now a tradition for my family bar crawl to make this the last stop before dinner. We swing by right as they open on Saturday and have the whole place to ourselves. Then we slink out to dinner before the regular crowd shuffles in. It's also perfect for a date night. The cushy chairs and low light just beg for you to snuggle up together. Highly recommend this place.
This is truly a neighborhood gem. Mosaic has a fantastic staff that remembers your name.  Billy, Tom... you guys rock. Incredibly huge selection of new and UNIQUE craft beers you can't find elsewhere. Some cool brews from out of the country as well. Food is tasty too, with excellent presentation.  Would be great if they'd add even more food to the menu! Really nice happy hour.
I really loved the date night I had here. Fiancé and I stopped by for a few drinks on a Saturday evening. The place was packed but we found a couple chairs. The atmosphere is very bold and dramatic with red walls, plush furniture, and sparkly light fixtures. Makes you feel like a movie star. Their beer list is astonishing! What a selection, and for a reasonable price in my opinion. They also have a decent wine and port list. We ordered a cheese platter... Blueberry goat cheese, pepper crusted pecorino, and smoked Gouda. So good! Beautifully plated and comes with plenty of accompaniments. I am planning on making this my most visited date night from now on.
Ok they have something like 175 beers from around the world here, with an extensive and detailed menu describing each one of them and categorized by style. There is even a GLOSSARY in the menu to help you understand what all the details are about your artisan beer. There was also a waiter/beer-expert who was able to answer any question we had, and we had many. I ended up getting a bacon-like beer which had a great smokehouse flavor to it, exactly as the waiter described it would be. Others in our party had unique porters, ales and some ciders, all of them great. Inside there are some pretty sweet couches and chairs that look like they were taken out of a Victorian Manor, and the atmosphere is quiet, candle-lit and cozy.
Mosaic is my local hang out and I usually stop by for a post work night cap. Aside from the great wine list, EXTENSIVE beer selection and great food (killer cheese plates), the service is impeccable and friendly. Edward is usually the bartender on duty when I stop by and he never ceases to amaze me.  Aside from having extensive knowledge of every wine and beer on the menu (all told about 220 different varieties) he also prepares the food you order. Often times you go to a bar/lounge and you have a bartender, busser, runner, cook, dishwasher and chef all working to make your experience great.  Edward has mastered the art of working all of these positions simultaneously all the while making a genuine connection with his guests. Go to sample the wine, beer and snacks. Come back for the service.
While not looking like much from the outside,  Mosaic is a gem. This wine bar provides a cozy and dark atmosphere that is similar to something you would find in downtown Manhattan, minus the crowds of obnoxious 23 year olds and people that wish they were still in college... Large comfy couches, scented candles, and great "mood" lighting make Mosaic an ideal date spot, but the couch seating is very accommodating to groups as well. The happy hour drink specials are great. The beer and wine selection is very respectable with lots of solid options. Some may complain Mosaic is not closer to 30th or Ditmars, however it is a great location for those that live near Astoria Park (we deserve nice bars too). Mosaic is the perfect refuge from a rainy or cold day, but also relaxing in the warmer months when they open the place up a bit. I will return.
In a lot of ways this place is great; cozy seating and an amazing list of craft beers. Unfortunately, other than offering really delicious beers, there were some disappointments. While the lack of AC on a seriously humid night might have been (almost) bearable, the rudeness we received from our server was enough to convince our group of 4 to never return. We sat at a hightop table near the window (because it was so warm) and the bartender immediately came over to take our drink orders. Now, everyone was sitting at tables and no one was at the bar so this was the norm; it's not like we were expecting or receiving some special table service! After having a couple rounds of drinks, we were ready to go somewhere a little more energetic so we got the check. It was $48 dollars and we gave him $50 to pay the bill, while we were getting the rest of our cash together for a tip. He then returns and "reminds" us that we only left him a $2 tip, before suggesting we leave more; I always find asking for more tip $$ rude, but even more so when we were very obviously still going through our wallets and pooling cash. I should also add that we were four mild tempered young women who didn't order food or make any kind of crazy requests that should warrant a desperate desire on his part for more money. After we got over the shock of this situation, we left the appropriate (and demanded) 20% tip on the table and left. Maybe on another night, with another bartender, this would be a good place. Unfortunately, feeling judged and scolded is not what I consider the makings of a go-to spot. I'd rather go to another wine bar in the area, like Crescent & Vine, where the drinks are just as good and the servers are beyond sweet!
Mosaic is a cozy wine bar in astoria right near the park on 24th ave.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but once I stepped in I loved it. You walk into a small establishment w/ a great decor in a dark room. I got a middle eastern/ 19th century vibe.  The lounge has cute little tables and lounge chairs. It is very cozy, intimate &  romantic.  Great for a first date or a place to sit back and get lost in a great conversation w/ friends.   I am so upset I just found this wine bar.  I can picture myself w/ a cozy sweater sipping on my muddled spice wine, looking out the window at the snowfall. I ordered a muddled wine ( think that was the name) a warm red spiced wine w / a stick of cinnamon.  It was delightful.  I felt so relaxed and at ease.  The beer selection is insane.   They have over 150 beers w/ an explanation of what a lager, cider, fruit beer etc is.... awesome!!! Enjoy! !!
I came here with a group of friends on Friday in winter.  It was so cold. BRRRRRRR We wanted to go out but not go very far. This was a great find. A few of them had been there before so some else recommended it. The place was relatively empty at 8 and I think a friend called ahead and reserved a table for us which was good.  By 10-11 this place fills up.  We had about 8 people in our party.  They have a big menu. Lots of beers for days and days as well as some wine and cocktails for non beer drinkers. They do serve small bites too but sadly a few items were out or we got the last one when we were ordering.  Only 1 spinach pie left ? ;( Prices are ok. Some of the beers can be a tad expensive but they have a range. We ended up ordering a bottle of sparkling wine for the table to start and then getting individual drinks later on in the evening. Music was audible but not crazy loud.  I imagine this would be a good date spot.  It's got this cozy vibe with sofas and ottomans and poufs.  A couple regular tables and chairs too. Staff seemed nice and pretty attentive. I will definitely go back.
Can't beat their beer selection with a stick - that's for sure! The owners are great and the atmosphere is laid back, inviting, and relaxing. Definitely recommended for a date night or a night out with friends!!
I have a soft spot for any resturant/bar that offers plush couches as a seating option. That was the first characteristic that drew me to Mosaic - the second being the cozy ambiance, and the third being the extensive beer and wine lists. This place is great for a relaxing date or for a casual get-together with friends. The interior is beautiful - complete with ornate cabinetry and glittering chandeliers, and offset by deep red walls and a golden ceiling - all unifying to create a warm, intimate setting. When I came here, the crowd was fairly diverse. There were people of all ages, although the vast majority were in their late twenties and thirties. Some people wore jeans and sweatshirts, while others wore button downs and dresses. Some sipped beer while working on their laptops (seriously?), while others chatted with their friends and dates. If you come here and want a couch in the evening, I'd recommend calling in advance to reserve one since they fill up pretty quickly. As far as food goes, the pepper shooters were really good, even though I felt like I was breathing fire for the next half hour. The guacamole was delicious, peppered with spices, and coupled with flavorful tortilla chips for dipping. While I only tried the winter ale that was on draft, I'd recommend it if you like a light, dry beer. It goes down smooth without any funky after taste. Overall I had a great experience at Mosaic and definitely plan on coming back!
Great laid back lounge vibe.  Wonderful date spot or meeting place.  The music choices sometimes leave something to be desired for but they more than make up for it with excellent beer selection and knowledgeable service.
Moasaic is a great change of pace. It's a comfortable, relaxed atmosphere with both couches as well as more traditional tables and chairs that make it easy to sit back and catch up. No TVs, just a nice projector for special events (I watched the finale of Breaking Bad and the Oscars here). They've added a small menu of food but the reason to come is for the ever-increasing beer menu of which the bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful. If this is the type of place you're looking for, it's about perfect.
Wonderful ambiance, great music and the BEERS! OH MY THE BEERS! The coffee stout and ginger beer will change your life.
Was there last night with a small group celebrating my friends birthday.  Tom was awesome, the food was fantastic, nice and fresh paninis.  Tried the prosciutto, chicken and pulled pork.  The beer selection is out of this world.  Had my fair share of Delirium.  Will definitively return to this place and try the vast beer selection and the rest of the menu. To add service was good.  Don't change a thing !!! B
Mosaic is a great wine bar with delicious nibbles and an amazing beer selection, if you haven't gone yet, do yourself the favor.  My husband and I finally went there although having lived in Astoria for over 3yrs, and our first thought was, why haven't we been here already, it is a little bit of a hike for us, so that was why... The other reason I want to post, is because I had my baby shower here.  It was a perfect intimate venue because they're closed during the day, so we had it all to ourselves.  They were wonderful to work with, every detail and every concern was responded to in a timely manner.  Where i thought I may need more food, there was enough and even a lot left over, everyone had so much fun that no one wanted to leave!  Steve even went as far as arranging for stuff that wasn't on the menu, and we even had our own customized menu of beverages.  Would throw another party there in a heartbeat!
Real small sweet spot, found by accident just walking down the street.   Great decor, intimate setting, but also good for small groups.  Whether at the bar, or a high top table, or just sitting around a coffee table on a couch.  Relaxed and nice is the mood for sure. Let's see... what else... oh yeah, the BEER. Unreal beer menu.  If you are a craft beer head, you will find something you love here.  That simple. Do it.
I was with a great friend and since it was Yelp Drinks Week and this place was participating we decided to check it out. At first I was very confused since this place is in the middle of a residential block and doesn't look like much from the outside. Well we were already there and went in. The minute I walked in I fell in love with this place. It has such a great, relaxing, chill vibe. They have high tables and comfy couches and a very welcoming waiter told us to sit wherever we wanted. The waiter came by and told us that one of the Yelp drink specials was the Mulled wine, I had no clue what it was but its hard for me to say no to wine so I decided to try it. Mulled wine is hot red wine with cinnamon and other spices, it was delicious and strong. It smelled and tasted like Christmas. I'm disappointed that I didn't find out about this place before because it would had been awesome to come have some mulled wine on one of those cold winter nights. They had a huge selection of beer I don't remember right now how many but I want to say like 170 different types of beer which is insane, too bad I don't drink beer. The service was excellent, our waiter came by often to check up on us without being annoying or intrusive. This is a great place for a first or intimate date.
This place was amazing!  I had a friends baby shower here and it went better than I could have ever imagined.  Everyone at the party was impressed by the look of the place.  The service was amazing, food was great.  I wish I lived in this area so I could come here all the time!  If you need to plan a party look no further and go here!!
