One of the only broker companies I would ever rate this high. While most NYC brokers are s*&^%, George from Cooper & Cooper made the experience more pleasant. He was very attentive and made sure to follow up and send us listings whenever he saw something new come up that was relevant. Super friendly and flexible. They are a lot more trustworthy than any broker I have worked with in the past and would definitely recommend and use them again!
Yelp doesn't lie, Cooper and Cooper is as good as it gets. My experience with them was very positive and I felt heard. This review is for Ben Falchi, a standup honest guy. I consider myself very picky. He listened to my situation and worked very quickly to show me apartments that I was comfortable with. Considering my tiny budget in expensive neighborhoods he showed me some good listings. In the end I found something own my own, but I would work with him again in a heartbeat.
Absolutely amazing--I always recommend my friends to Cooper & Cooper. Situation: I was in a hurry. I had 1 month to find an apartment, move, and get my life transferred back to New York. I just got a job offer at the very end of October and was asked to start on December 1st. At that point I was still stuck living in Boston for another 2 weeks at my old job (corporate world 2 week notice), I could only come down for a weekend to look at apartments. So it was pretty much that weekend or bust. From the moment I stepped into the building I felt well taken care of. Nolan took me to see a bunch of apartments in Cooper & Cooper's listings and had 1 really nice apartment in his back pocket that was someone else's listing but saved it for last because of the extra fee. Nolan was super personable, real, and I could tell he was on my side the entire time. I ended up not liking any of the initial apartments (because they were only 250 sq ft in walkups far from the subway) so he sent me to see the outside listing with another real estate agent. That real estate agent forgot to get keys to the apartment so I couldn't get in to see the place that day. I went back to Boston that night, disappointed. When I told Nolan that and about how concerned I was that I wouldn't see the last place in person and that I wouldn't be able to get the place if I liked it (because this apartment was significantly larger at ~650 sq ft, was very new, and had an elevator), he reassured me he would go to see the place the moment the other real estate agent had access to it and let me know what he thinks of it honestly. He went first thing next day and went out of his way to film the place, count the outlets for me, check the water pressure, and answer all of my million additional questions during the video. AND, the absolute best part--as soon as I said I'd sign he talked the real estate agent into taking my application over the 3 other applications that came in at the same time and kept my worrywart self updated the entire time. Thank you for taking the burden and worry away and finding me a beautiful, large, comfy apartment for a steal of a price. This was a super smooth apartment search and sign and I will be recommending Cooper & Cooper to all of my friends!
We recently went through a relocation from Australia to New York and after reading glowing reviews on Yelp from many happy clients, we decided to contact Cooper & Cooper in the hope they could help us find a suitable apartment. From our first communication over email from Australia, we were contacted within a day by one of the managers at Cooper & Cooper kindly introducing himself, letting us know that he had passed our details onto one of their brokers, and offering to provide any help he could during our search for a home. We were then contacted by Alison Cortes who we cannot praise highly enough! She arranged a time to call us and did so, finding out about our needs, explaining the new york rental process and prompting some questions around things we hadn't even thought about at that stage. We met Alison within a few days of arriving and spent 2 days literally trekking around Manhattan. She was organised and came prepared with a number of options and showed us apartments within our required price range and preferred location. She also showed us places in areas of manhattan that we hadn't considered and this was great in helping us work out exactly what we liked and didn't like. I should also say we had an appointment arranged with a broker from another firm which turned out to be a disaster. NOT the exceptional experience we had with Alison. This really made us realise we were in good hands. Within a week of being in New York we found the ideal apartment for us and we look forward to making it our home! It fit our price range, is a good size for us and ended up being in a location we really love. We were also pleased to have to commit to a one month broker fee and not 15% which a lot of other brokers charge. We want to commend Alison for the amazing job she did not only welcoming us to NYC but also persisting endlessly to find us the right apartment. She was a pleasure to work with and not once did we feel like she was bothered by putting in the hard work she did. We would not hesitate working with Alison again should we need to find a new apartment and would recommend her to anyone trying to rent in this city. Kaz & Joe
I relocated to NYC back in October and Diane was my broker. The NYC apartment search process is a stressful and arduous one, so I was glad to have someone there by my side. Diane was great because she was extremely personable, amiable, and patient. Upon meeting her, I instantly felt as if I had known her for ages.   This review is primarily for Diane's professionalism and endurance in helping me find a suitable apartment. I ended up choosing to rent from a co-op, so I had to navigate a ridiculous process and deal with a rigid board president who made me work around his schedule. This, however, was beyond Diane's control. She did, in fact, offer much morale support during this time, which exceeded my expectations. Also, I ended up paying a full 15% broker fee because I ended up in a co-broker situation, where Diane had to split the fee 7.5% and 7.5% with the broker who had exclusive rights to the apartment. I wasn't terribly happy about that, but I chalk that up to the system as a whole.
I give Diane Peck my highest recommendation.  I have a pet rabbit and it was difficult to find an apartment that would allow rabbits.  Diane talked to a manager of an apartment and convinced the manager to make an exception for my rabbit.  Diane also worked on weekends and even during the late nights to make sure that I am completely satisfied.
Diane Peck helped my husband and soon-to-be-attending-graduate-school daughter find a wonderful apartment in NYC where neither husband nor daughter had ANY familiarity with this incredibly difficult and treacherous market-- or different areas. Diane was a great communicator from the get-go (we live in LA) and had prepared detailed itineraries in advance of my family's arrival. They had a mere 2 days (!!) total to find a place and scoured uptown and downtown with Diane, ultimately landing a terrific first apartment to everyone's satisfaction.  Diane was patient, totally professional and brought tremendous personality and persistence to the search. I would heartily recommend her to ANYONE. Thank you Diane!!
After two weeks of futilely searching on my own and seeing places that were not cute, I finally decided to give in and just get a broker. After all, half of the stuff online still required you to go through a broker to see it. so I might as well get one whose working on my case full-time. We decided to go try Cooper & Copper based on reviews and friend's recs. They were the only place still willing to accept 1 month fee these days. How things have changed since '09 when I was doing my last search! Anyway, we were paired up with Jospeh C. I will admit that I was also working with other brokers as well. The others showed us all stuff out of price range and not cute! One tried to show me a place in K-town when I explicitly told him that I was looking at west side only. As if I don't know neighborhoods in NYC. Another said inventory was tight and for our full day appointment he only had one place to show. Anyway, back to Joseph. He was very personable and honest. We saw about 5 apartments during our appointment. Having seen a ton of other places that were just above and below our price point, we were pretty clear on what you could get at what price. Our apartment was the last place that he showed us because it was just slightly above what we wanted to spend. It was also co-broke (i.e. 15%). Horrifying! But, after seeing 30 apartments overall, the only other place that we even remotely considered was a place another broker had shown us for the same price and fee, so we don't feel misled. He literally just opened the door and my husband and I looked at each other and said sold. That was before crossing the threshold! My requirements were simple UWS ideally, renovated kitchen and bathroom, dishwasher, separate kitchen, 3rd floor walk up or lower. Anyway, he got us even more than those! An actual dining room, four big closets, cherry wood floors, 700 sq ft, elevator, and the list goes on and on! Just blocks from trader joe's... what else do you need?! This is a UNICORN apartment I tell you (at least for our price and this neighborhood)! He was also helpful in negotiating with the management for a two-year lease and our security deposit (the management wanted two months!).  Only deducting one star because we were really hoping to get a 1 month fee apartment, but you get what you pay for. Anyway, we are happily situated in our unicorn apartment hopefully for the next four years at least. =). May the apartment hunting gods and Cooper & Copper be with you on your search!
Laura Ionata was my real estate agent, and she graciously helped me through the transition of moving from CA to NYC. She's kind, funny, and expertly skilled at power walking through Manhattan. As a student, I don't have a huge budget, but Laura was able to find some great, affordable places for me in Harlem. She showed me about 7 places on the first day, and then I was sold on the first place we saw the second day. So, I'm writing this from my awesome new apartment. I would strongly recommend Laura and Cooper & Cooper to anybody looking for a place. I was even able to get out of the broker's fees altogether because the place I found was having a summer promotion and paid the fees for me (awesome, right?).
I just worked with Diane Peck from Cooper & Cooper this past weekend and I could not have asked for a better experience! She was incredibly resourceful and was able to find me the perfect apartment in Ne w York City. I communicated with Diane via e-mail prior to my arrival in New York and she was very responsive every day and at all hours. Once I arrived, we spent an entire day going from apartment to apartment trying to find the right fit. She was very receptive of my requirements and really worked with me to find the right place. Diane was also very easy to talk to and made the entire day enjoyable. I highly recommend Diane and the rest of Cooper & Cooper for any New York City housing needs.
Recently went on the apartment hunt with Roger Abounader from Cooper & Cooper. Roger was extremely helpful throughout the process, very knowledgeable about the market, and was a flat out nice guy. He was very respectful of our budget and requirements for the apartment, and was good about setting realistic expectations. Ultimately, we ended up finding an apartment through a connection, so we didn't sign a lease through Roger, but based on the 2 days I spent searching for a place with him, I would highly recommend working with him. I certainly plan to do so myself, next time I am in the market!
Joseph Casillas worked with me; he was terrific.   I really can't say enough about the work he put into the search and his level of professionalism and knowledge.  Setting aside that he's an incredibly personable guy (not a bad thing when you're stuck with someone for hours), I've seen my friends work with a number of agents, and he's one of the (very) few who never seems as if he's just working to push you into something he happened to have seen that morning--he legitimately is looking to find the apartment that is perfect for what you want.   He's also candid (without being condescending) about what is and isn't possible at a particular price point, which is an incredibly valuable thing to have. Bottom line is that if you need to find an apartment, I very strongly recommend you give Joe a call, you really can't go wrong.
We were a little bit hesitant to use a broker again, as we had a bad experience last year with a different company, but Diane Peck from Cooper & Cooper was great! She was always completely honest with us about what we could afford and the best neighborhoods to search to get the most for our money. Diane was also so much fun to work with, and made a normally stressful process so much easier! She only showed us places within our budget, and made sure we took everything into account before making our decision. What really made me realize that she cared was when we saw an apartment we really liked in the beginning that I was ready to go for and she talked me out of it because it was great at first glance but didn't really meet all of our needs. What was great about Diane was that she didn't 'take the money and run' as many brokers in New York City will. Even after we signed the lease for our wonderful new apartment, she was there to help with issues such as getting the company to finish cleaning before we moved in. She was always very quick to respond via email and made us feel like finding us a great apartment was a priority for her. Thank you Diane and Cooper & Cooper for helping us find a great new apartment! Anyone out there who is hesitant to use a broker, go talk to Diane Peck! She will make the process much more enjoyable and will change your mind about brokers.
You'd be crazy to go anywhere else.   This is a very different type of real estate company (especially for NYC). They've based their business on righting the wrongs I thought were an unavoidable part of finding an apartment.   I was very clear and specific about what I was looking for in a place, and had thus far been mostly ignored by every other broker I'd gone out with.  I had the pleasure of working with Ben at Cooper and Cooper. We set up a phone call to discuss what I was looking for and he asked a lot of questions, took detailed notes and listened carefully.  He followed up, was on time for all of our appointments and had plenty to see that met my requirements. He had more information about every place we saw than any other broker I'd met with.   Bonus that he's also very personable, interesting and easy to talk to.    After wasting time with several other companies, I finally felt like I was getting somewhere in my search.  And I did- I'm moving very soon. I doubt I'll go anywhere else in future apartment hunting.
I was considering moving to Manhattan from Jersey City, NJ where I have been living for the past two years. I contacted Cooper and Cooper online and was put in touch with Chip Peoples. He quickly got in touch with me and we set up an appointment to talk on the phone. Chip patiently heard my requirements and made time for me and showed me three apartments in Manhattan that suit my budget and all my requirements. He was open about the current renting scene in Manhattan and gave me a great overview. Unfortunately, because of some personal reasons, I decided not to make the move this year, but I highly recommend Chip and Cooper and Cooper to everyone in the Yelp community.
This review is for Sandra. I started my apartment search looking at apartments, and was unsuccesful...so switched to looking for a broker. Cooper & Cooper received great reviews, and after a really good initial conversation, met with Sandra. Sandra took us to places we wanted to see - she understood right away what we were looking for, she found us a place that we loved, and helped ensure we got the apartment ahead of 2 other couples. I cannot rate this firm highly enough. Thanks again. Ryan
My roommate and I were looking for our first apartment and we contacted Cooper and Cooper because of their great yelp reviews. The woman who answered my first call was upbeat extremely helpful pairing us with an agent. We were paired with Candice Pennefather who was amazing through the whole process. She was honest and realistic with us the entire time and went over everything so we completely understood what was going on. She is also just a joy to be around - She is friendly and has a positive energy. We ended up finding a great apartment after only looking for a couple hours and signed leases the next day. It was fantastically easy.
I was very lucky to come into contact with Cooper and Cooper. They were one of the only companies that were willing to take me out on a Sunday to look for apartments. Diane was very professional, personable and responsive. I was from out of town and she made sure to call me everyday to update me on the situation. She worked very hard to do all the leg work and made sure there was good communication between us. Overall their rate is good, and their service is also very good. I'd say they are at least in the top 75th percentile of brokers. I would definitely recommend them and would go back to them again.
George was very easy to work with.  He is very knowledgable about Real Estate in New York.  He is a great listener and he understands my needs.  He was incredibly efficient!  I managed to move into my new apartment only 12 days after my first phone call with George.   He also made the paperwork process very simple for me.
I want to start by saying, our agent Ryan Robles was just AMAZING! We relocated to NYC from overseas with our 60 lbs dog.. So yea, no US credit, a 60 lbs dog and a budget! Needless to say we were not the most desirable clients in town... Ryan understood our rush to find a place (we were staying in a hotel) and booked several viewings for us as soon as we called. After each viewing he asked us for feedback so that he could understand our mindset and continue showing us places we would be interested in! He only showed us things that fit our needs exactly! when we mentioned we would be willing to increase our budget to maybe make things easier (the dog..), he immediately said NO- we will find something within our budget!! And he did!!! We found the perfect apartment for us! BELOW our budget! We LOVE it!! Ryan took care of EVERYTHING for us, including taking care of the paperwork with our guarantor. It was just a great experience to work with him! And the results were incredible of course :) We will definitely work with Ryan (and Cooper & Cooper) again!!
Just found out that my review written several years ago was never published. Submitting again. __________________________________________________­__________ Sarah Manning at Cooper & Cooper is my real estate angel! She has found me a nice apartment that meets all of my requirements. During the three months BEFORE I called Cooper & Cooper, I had looked for an apartment very diligently but to no avail. I screened a lot of ads on craigslit and scheduled appointments to see many that were labeled as "beautiful", "gorgeous", or "great". However, most of them turned out to be dumps or simply uninhabitable. Since I had given my landlord advance notice of my intention to move out the end of September, my landlord had found a new tenant to take my place end of September. It was one week before the end of September, and I had only one week left to find an apartment; otherwise I would have no place to move to. Then I found the many good reviews about Cooper & Cooper, and I contacted them on a morning. Sarah called me on that afternoon to get my requirements. She especailly asked me why the many apartments I had seen before didn't meet my requirements. I told her the many flaws those apartments possessed. She then communicated with me via email/phone to share with me about her analysis of potential apartments in certain areas/neighborhoods that would meet my criteria. Everything she said made sense. The showing started on a weekday morning. She had asked me to wear comfortable shoes because we might need to walk many blocks if we had to see many apartments. I appreciated her determination and can-do attitude. The first apartment she showed me was clean and in good condition. It had a nice layout and a nice view, and was in a nice neighborhood. It met all of my requirements. I didn't have to pay a fee. It was day and night compared to those dumps I saw from craigslist! Sarah was very detail-oriented. She called the rental office to confirm that the apartment was still available, and that they would pay her the fee (which meant that I didn't have to pay her the fee), and that they could get the lease signed at noontime (since I needed an apartment in 7 days)! We went to the bank to get certified checks (payable to the rental office). She asked the bank clerk to waive the fee for the certified checks, a detail that I would easily have missed. At the rental office, she asked about parking since I had a car. Everything was so smooth that within half an hour, I signed the lease and was relieved for having an apartment to move in in a week! In summary, I think Sarah is intelligent, conscientious, and responsive. She has made the difficult process of searching for an apartment in the New York area easy and smooth. I highly recommend her to anyone who has a decent standard for a living space and who refuses to live in a dump in New York.
Like so many of the reviews before me, I tried finding a place on my own for a few weeks. I finally gave in a started searching for a broker on Yelp. Obviously I tried Cooper & Cooper after reading these 5 star reviews. Well I am here to give them another 5 stars. Being that this is my second apartment in the city and the first one I had found random roommates on Craigslist, I wasn't very experienced with finding my own place and had never used a broker before. Cooper & Cooper made my search so easy and we ended up being very successful in a place that we love. I was assigned to Keith Jacoby - who is AWESOME. He was so patient with me and gave me his honest opinion on each place we saw. I believe he went to Yale. Every broker at this company went to an Ivy League, which is just another plus. We had seen 4 places before I made my decision and Keith was fantastic with sticking with me through the whole process. He helped me to coordinate with my roommate to get our application documents submitted to the building and then sat with me while I went through the entire lease and answered any questions that I had. Their fee is also smaller than most brokers in NYC. I got lucky and the building I decided on paid the fee for me. They also have many no-fee places to show. I highly recommend using Cooper and Cooper. They will find you a great place and make your life easier.
I never thought in a million years, 1) I would finally move to NYC-- something I've always wanted to do, 2) deal with the jungle that is the NYC housing market, 3) use a broker.   But trusting a random person with my stuff on Craigslist, yeah, not happening.   Let me preface this by saying that most people are "good" at their job, and frankly, most people are "great" at doing enough to get the sell.  But, when choosing a broker, you have to be careful!  I mean, everything is reputation based.  And I'm the kind of person that if you do me wrong or "screw me over,"-- I'm not the gal you want to mess with.  Hate to sound all Tony Soprano, but don't be fooled by the "sweet smile"-- I am one tough cookie.  The tiger mama in me comes out.  RAWR! Before working with Cooper and Cooper, I called this broker (who was also highly recommended) who ended up being super creepy (who literally said that he was out having drinks with the boys and asked me my age and to "text him" afterward)  Yeah, not happening.  NEXT! A few others, well, if you don't have proper grammar, or you can't spell my name correctly the first time, I'm going to doubt your skills.  I don't care how savvy you are or if you're emailing back on a phone:  Check your SPELLING!  There's nothing more unprofessional than someone who doesn't have the forethought to just look over a piece of writing.   Now, onto the good stuff.  My fabulous roomie found Candice, our broker, (not sure how), but Candice was able to find us a fantastic place, right in the heart of Upper West (woot woot!!!), near the subway station, within our price range.  On top of that, Candice was thorough, answering all my questions, and even though I didn't get a chance to meet with her in person, all of our interactions via phone and emails were timely, professional, and I felt very confident in my decision to sign.   Also, most brokers charge a 15% fee for the apartment-- that means that whatever it is you pay for rent, you have to pay an additional 15% on top of that.  For instance, say your rent is $3K/month-- then over 12 months that would be $36K, so the broker's fee would be $5,400!   Crazy, right?  Yeah, well that's NYC for you.  But, Cooper and Cooper's broker's fee was equal to "first month's rent."  Which, I'm not going to lie, still sucks to pay, but better than 15%!   I highly recommend Cooper and Cooper.  Stamp of approval.
If you're looking for an apartment in Manhattan and you're using Craigslist, stop right now. Seriously, stop. Like many of the reviews before me, I tried to find something legit, nice and affordable on Craigslist and practically drove myself crazing doing so. Craigslist will not give you a personalized experience, Craigslist will not save you time and Craigslist won't make you feel at ease when looking for an apartment in Manhattan. I was moving to NYC from DC and looking for apartments and trying to coordinate times to see a bunch of different apartments with a bunch of different people was not easy (to say the least).     I called Cooper & Cooper after reading Yelp reviews that raved about their excellent customer service and proven results. After leaving message, I was called back the same day by Chris O'Connell. He really took the time to get to know me and what I was looking for. I immediately felt at ease. Three days later I met Chris in NYC. He had a map with several apartments for us visit and we set out to see them. At each apartment, Chris was very honest with me. If there were negatives, he'd point them out, but overall he really helped me to see myself living in each apartment. I could envision myself living in every single apartment that he showed me (about 9), which is a testament to the time and effort he put in to getting to know me and matching me with apartments that fit my needs. After deciding, applying and signing the lease on my WONDERFUL apartment, Chris continued to be a huge help. He gave me a Zagat guide to the city, sent me helpful numbers and resources for utilities and offered his assistance even though the lease was signed and "technically" his work was done. If you or someone you know is moving to NYC, do yourself a favor and get off of Craigslist and call Cooper & Coooper immediately. You'll be very happy that you did and upset that you didn't do so sooner.
Ben Falchi was my broker when trying to rent out an apt in Queens,  He is dedicated, sharp, and clearly loves his job.  I feel as if Cooper and Cooper actually value their clients - in this time when agencies want to sign clients but not do the work, Ben guided us and made the process as seamless as possible.
We love you, Courtney!! I have to thank Yelp king Kevin L. for his review and helping us find Cooper & Cooper, who led us to find our awesome, awesome, awesome apartment. We moved from out of town, and we had very limited time to come and see apartments. But she made it work, and we spent the most of a Saturday going all around the city looking at different apartments. She showed us a pretty wide range of apartments that mostly matched the things we were looking for. As we went on, she listened to our feedback and made sure that we saw apartments that met our needs and preferences. Another great thing about having Courtney was that she knew what questions to ask the leasing office people so that we had all the information we needed, even if we didn't know we needed it. All we had to do was evaluate the different apartments we saw, and Courtney took care of the rest. She even brought an orange to share during our long, hot day of apartment hunting! On a more personal note, Courtney is one of the friendliest and most joyful people I've ever met! She is like sunshine on legs. She's also super easy to talk to, so that very long day really flew by! In the end, we fell in love with the apartment we're in now, which luckily took care of Courtney's fees! She checked in with us throughout the application and move-in process, and we always felt like we were in good hands. I highly recommend Cooper & Cooper for your next move!
I'm really disappointed that I didn't get the five-star experience that a lot of other Yelpers have apparently gotten... My situation was a bit difficult, I'll admit... I was trying to rent something sight unseen from overseas, so I really just wanted to find one good agent to work with. I put in a request on their website and was assigned to Alexis C. It sounded great. She said they had access to nearly every apartment out there and she would take videos of everything for me to view on YouTube. And there's only a 1 month broker's fee. I had high hopes, but as we started working together, I started to be disappointed... She would sometimes take several days to get back to me after saying she would do something "today" or "tomorrow". I started to get really anxious after a few weeks of this since it was nearing time for me to move back. She let me apply to one apartment knowing that my target move-in date was at the end of the month when it was actually an immediate move-in and so rejected by the landlord. She kept showing me apartments with features or locations that I had explicitly said I didn't want (which was actually only a few pretty reasonable things... 70-90th St, more than 350 sq ft, and less than $2000) and when I sent her some example listings of apartments that I liked, she kind of got upset and wrote me a long email saying that these listings were false, we had seen all the apartments out there, and I had to trust her, etc. I actually wrote back a response to that saying that I was sorry if she was offended and that we could lift the rent target and that I was willing to pay 2 months' broker fee if that would give us a larger range of apartments to look at. I didn't hear from her until 3-4 days later and thought she had dumped me. In the mean time, I found and rented within 24 hours an apartment with Fenwick Keats Realty whose listing I saw posted on Streeteasy.com. All in all, it wasn't an outrageously bad experience, but unsuccessful. Many New York brokers are worse. I had called Citi Habitats and Bond NY as well and those agents I met there pretty much disappeared on me after a few emails. I really wanted to rent something with Cooper & Cooper, but she just wasn't responsive enough and only came up with a few places that were within basic criteria. I would try this company again for my next apartment if I am present in town, but not this specific broker.
My experience with Cooper & Cooper was nothing but wonderful. I admit I was leery of all the positive reviews on Yelp, but they all turned out to be true! C&C was very professional and helpful from the moment I called them. A VP was the first one to answer the phone and answered all of my questions for a half an hour. After the initial phone call I was given an agent, Mike Snaric, who discussed options for apartments. Since I was searching remotely I had to come into the city for a couple of days to look. Mike was absolutely wonderful, professional, timely and bent over backwards for me to ensure that my short stay in the city was worthwhile. He showed me various apartments in an area I was interested in and pointed out both pros and cons- making him an honest broker. He also helped me navigate my way through paperwork, asked the right questions and worked overtime to ensure everything went smoothly. The moment I told other broker agencies my annual salary they dismissed me and told me it couldn't be done. They said I could never find an apartment in Manhattan or the areas I was looking at in Brooklyn. C&C told me that it was possible and I now have an apartment in Manhattan waiting for me when I arrive to the city! As other reviewers have noted, you need to have realistic expectations when moving to NYC. If you are a recent college graduate like me and are moving to the big city for work you most likely aren't going to get that luxury doorman/elevator apartment. It's all about compromise. I accepted an apartment on a 4th floor walk-up; however, it's in a new renovated building with beautiful remodeled apartments a short walk away from Central Park. By understanding this beforehand it will make the apartment hunting process much easier.
So when you are moving to NYC from out of state, I think the hardest part of the relocation, other than the actual physical move, is finding the right broker.  You want someone who knows the city, isn't afraid to tell you the truth, and is willing to bust their ass for you. I began my search a few months ago, and after a few weeks of preliminary correspondence, I decided to go with Cooper & Cooper. Why, you ask? Here you go: The F'ing Amazing: Kim West. Seriously. While other brokers sent brief emails, Kim called and talked to me like I mattered. On top of that, she was upbeat, had a great sense of humor, and was also realistic with her showings (which I appreciate, there was no smoke being blown up my ass). With the criteria that my wife and I had, she immediately went to work finding the areas where we could find that mythical Manhattan compromise of space, money, and amenities. She had a full day planned for viewings, and she even met me in my hotel lobby to start the day. By the middle of the afternoon, I had narrowed it down to two places, and was anxious to sign (which I did!  SCORE!). Kim was a true wizard when it came to organization and communication. When talking to the management of the various building we visited, she was very clear about my needs and move-in date. All-in-all, this experience was so much better than I had ever anticipated it would be. In fact, not only will I be recommending Kim from Cooper & Cooper to all of my friends, I plan on using her again when we upgrade our apartment next year. Hooray for Kim West and Hooray for Cooper & Cooper 5 stars for providing a truly amazing experience. P.S.  The Zagat guide was also a nice touch.
3.5 stars My wife and I worked with Katherine who was extremely nice.  We did have a strict criteria but changed it once we realized that we couldn't find what we wanted within our range.  The first unit she took us to was a no-fee national landlord.   The other unit she showed us was one we found online though it was a little outside our search area. Basically, we found more units(fee and no-fee) on our own than Katherine did.  I'm not sure if she took us seriously or not but we weren't going to settle for just any apartment.  She unfortunately never showed us any units on weekends(probably due to other clients) and we ending up finding a no-fee unit last weekend on our own that fit most of our criteria.  Ironically, the place was across the street from the Cooper and Cooper office. Again, she was nice and professional but I didn't think she took us seriously and therefore, lost out on commission.  We budgeted the broker fee really expecting her to find us a place.  There probably was a disconnect between us.  Maybe she's new and inexperienced but she needs to be more aggressive in searching units.  A positive was that she stayed strictly within our price range.  She may just be too nice for the NYC market though. I wish she could have found us a unit though. We'll give them another chance when we relocate again.
I've seen the guys around my building after moving in and they always ask how everything is and make sure I'm happy with the building.. On a sidenote, they also manage the building I live in (along with a few others) because our landlord would prefer to sit back and really not be involved.. which is a great thing. Anyway, I started thinking that I should have given them 5 stars from the get go and not sure why I didn't. Everything about the process was great and I highly suggest you give them a call if you don't want to stress about finding a place.
I sent a request on Cooper & Cooper's website and received a phone call within a few hours from Courtney Samborsky. She also followed up with a detailed email asking me about my requirements for the apartment. I had moved from San Francisco to New York, and was traveling on business to Washington DC so we only had 2 weekends to look at apartments. She scheduled one weekend of viewings to start out the search. We followed up with another weekend of viewings during which I found my apartment. Granted there were a couple of hiccups where keys were not available for a couple of apartments we wanted to view. However, we looked at a total of about 20 apartments in two weekends. For the apartment that I rented, she coordinated with her colleague to obtain keys from him and was extremely helpful and responsive when he wasn't around right through lease-signing. She even followed up with a sweet card to wish me a happy Thanksgiving & move-in. Note to those moving to New York: do not expect getting everything you want for less than $2000 a month. I think a lot of disappointments come from unrealisitic expectations of your broker. My apartment is in the prime part of East Village (NOT Alphabet City), is in an elevator building, has separate kitchen, brand new renovations, 14-foot ceiling, view, rooftop access. BUT, it's about 350 squarefoot for less than $2000. Yes, there's a fee. Something's gotta give.
Cooper & Cooper are top notch. I worked again with Bill Barrus to find another apartment that was slightly larger than my tiny, cramped box of a place (hey, it's your first New York apartment!). Good news--Bill is still amazing. Bad news--the market was even worse this time. Side note: Cooper & Cooper's new offices are gorgeous. Plenty of space to sit and fill out forms. The day I was there someone had made a ton of cookies--always a plus. The search was nothing short of brutal--upwards of 15 apartments were seen and tears were shed. Multiple times. Once in a Dunkin Donuts. I asked Bill "is this the lowest point of my life? Crying in a Dunkin Donuts?" To his credit, he did not respond. Thank you, Bill. To make a long story short, Bill never showed me anything out of my price range unless I specifically asked to see it. He looked with me on inconvenient days, at inconvenient times, when the forecast called for rain, when he had other clients, and when it looked like my best option would be living in a box on the street. Jeremy Cooper even saw me one day after narrowly missing out on an apartment and gave me his business card, telling me to call him if I ever had any problems. Then, when all hope seemed truly lost (and more crying had ensued), due to Cooper & Cooper's great relationship with a management company, I was able to find an apartment that technically wasn't even on the market yet. The apartment was, believe it or not, in my price range and in the exact area I was looking for. Even though the search was arduous and frustrating, Bill never got frustrated with me or suggested that I try another broker or company. He followed up with me whenever he found a new apartment that might fit my criteria and constantly promised that we would find an apartment, no matter how long it took. He was right and proved to me again that he's a class act and the people who work at Cooper & Cooper are class acts too. In my admittedly low and difficult price range, some brokers wouldn't give me the time of day. Cooper & Cooper found me an apartment that I am very, very happy with and never one time acted like I wasn't a top priority. Would wholeheartedly recommend and will absolutely continue to utilize their services (if they'll let me, after this nightmare of a search) in the future. *Erik Roth assisted me when Bill was out of the office on vacation and was also a huge help.
The best Realtor I dealt with. Despite the initial misunderstanding, I must say that I'm impressed with the agency. My agent, Alexis, was very helpful and friendly. She never made me feel bad with my limited budget. She, instead, gladly worked with my budget within the areas that I wanted. She understood my frustration (and desperation) to find a place within super short time span and I'm rather picky. Management was incredibly responsive. Much,  much better than any other ones. I would definitely recommend using them.
I'm going to have to add to the five star reviews! I worked with Lisa from Cooper & Cooper in late 2010 to find my dream apartment and she was fantastic. We had some... difficult (and potentially unrealistic) demands, and Lisa did all she could to find us everything we wanted. She took notice of what we liked and didn't like in the apartments we saw, and tailored the rest of the apartments we looked at to those preferences. While we ultimately ended up with an apartment from a different realtor, I had nothing but an extremely positive experience with both Lisa and Coper & Cooper. She was easily the best of the realtors we worked with, and I'm happy to recommend her to anyone apartment hunting in this city.
I would recommend this company. I have nothing but positive things to say. My agent, Nile Lundgren, was honest, helpful, and diligent. He showed me exactly what I asked to see in the areas I wanted, at the prices I wanted, and didn't pressure me. He even went out with me on a second day when I didn't like the the first day's listings. The website isn't that helpful, though. However, I found that to be common amongst brokers.
This review is for Mike Snaric. Bottom line before I say anything else: this guy is honest, incredibly helpful, patient, and knows what he's doing. Disclaimer: I did not end up renting through him or Cooper & Cooper, though I really wanted to. I wound up in a roommate situation that worked a little better for my needs. I'm moving to NYC from out of state and after reading the glowing reviews here on Cooper & Cooper, I decided to make an appointment. I had a three day window to find a place, and they gave me Mike. We met, and he showed us a map of 5 places in Washington Heights & Inwood. While I did initially tell him I wasn't thrilled about living that far uptown, my budget wasn't giving me much of a choice, so we went anyway to check it out. We traveled via subway and the first 2 places were totally suitable and worth it .... had it been further downtown, I would have for sure taken this one amazingly spacious studio. The buildings were all clean, look well managed and nothing scary. I just wasn't feeling the neighborhoods. The 3rd place was locked, he said it was likely already rented (man how fast things happen over there!). After that, I stopped our journey because i really wasn't feeling the areas (my own preferences). He explained to me nicely, but firmly that what I was looking for wasn't going to happen on my budget, so I said let's kick up the budget slightly. He said, no really, we're still not anywhere near the price range for something comparable to what we've just seen. So I naively said, try me. So he takes us to see two studios in the West 60s. Location was great, price was high but I asked for it, space.... could only be described as a dirty Harry Potter under-the-stairs closet. It was absolutely horrible. The courtyard also looked very depressing. This wasn't Mike's fault of course. He didn't even plan on showing these from the beginning. So, after that come to Jesus meeting, we went our separate ways. He'd keep a lookout and I'd go on to consider my roommate options, which was what I ultimately went with (and am very happy with). He called me the next day with two other studios in the West 60s at a similar price, but they were co-ops and I didn't have time to do the whole interview/application process for that. Plus, he wasn't selling it to me in any way, so I took my chances and passed. Pros: Super honest, the appointment was easy to get and fast, the fee had I rented through him is one of the lowest I've seen (1 month), easy to talk to, wasn't just trying to rent me any old place... in fact, he even assured my dad who was with me that he didn't want to place me (a young professional female) in any scary areas. The places we did see that he planned for WERE great. He made great use of our time and was well prepared and was VERY respectful of our budget. Cons: I was expecting to see a lot more. I told him I was open to Brooklyn, Queens, even Roosevelt Island, and initially on the phone he made it sound like we'd be adventuring through all the boroughs which was fine with me. We had 5. 1 was locked, and all were in the few areas I said let's not go there. He also said we'd visit the apts in his car which didn't happen but I imagine since we only went to one neighborhood, subway was best. Overall, a lot of this whole apartment hunting mess is how much give and take you and the broker can agree on. I'm absolutely positive if my budget was $1k higher, he would have gotten me the best place wherever I wanted. I'm only rating 3 stars because I didn't rent through Cooper & Cooper and the search was a bit of a let down. But I would still recommend them (and Mike) since I feel like it's such a case-by-case thing on both the renter and broker's sides. Good luck!
My agent, Leon Feingold, was super-friendly and helpful throughout the whole process of finding me an affordable 3-bedroom apartment in the East Village. I wasted a day on some other awful realtor that ran fake ads, never returned calls, and stood me up in the Village. That evening Leon scheduled me for the next day, a seven-apartment tour that explored several different options. Each time, Leon helped me get any questions answered. He even helped me consider my roommates' needs. I ended up picking out something central, modern, and cozy. Leon helped me through a tricky rental-agreement process (the leaseholding roommate had to give me info over the phone) and made things go utterly smoothly. (The building manager paid the broker's fee.) When I look for my next Manhattan apartment, I'll definitely call up Leon.
We approached Cooper & Cooper after being let down by some larger firms. The first call was a pleasure (speaking to Lisa) and then we worked very closely with Michael Taylor. The overall approach from this firm is excellent and they are in many ways an antidote to the problems with NYC realty firms. Michael himself was well informed, a good listener and a complete gentleman and extremely patient as we searched Manhattan during the hottest few days on record! I think that with more exclusives and more scale this firm will really be the best in NYC. From a customer service standpoint they already are.
Finding a suitable apartment in NYC is definitely something else. If you have too much time on your hand and aren't afraid of getting scammed on Craigslist, then please by all means, DIY. If you have a life and want a relatively smooth experience, then broker is definitely the way to go. I can't say enough good things about my agent, Sarah Manning. She was truly a miracle worker. She was able to find my wife and I an apartment (to our liking and believe me it wasn't easy) within a week. She was patient with us and, most importantly, not overly pushy (a common problem with many brokers). She dealt with apartments and followed up religiously. Plus, she is a pretty awesme jazz musician (sarahmanningmusic.com). How cool is that!? Broker-wise, Cooper and Cooper is only decent. On the plus side, their fee is very reasonable comparing to others (only one month rent, or about 8%). Unfortunately, they are a smaller firm and do not have access to as many listings as others (e.g. Citi Habitat). Over all: I would definitely recommend them (providing you have ample time to search for a place). If you are short on time, you might want to go with a bigger broker or a neighborhood specific broker (just keep in mind they will charge ~15% of the annual rent).
I've worked with Cooper & Cooper twice during my apartment search and both times, they (Joseph Casillas and George Psomas) were not only patient and professional, but armed me with some valuable information regarding the rental market. For my recent search in mid October, I worked with George, who carefully listened to all my interests in an apartment and calmly walked me through what could have been a very stressful experience. He found me a reasonably priced studio in Yorkville that perfectly matched my taste in a very well-maintained building (super came when called in 5 minutes!!!). I'm both discovering and enjoying a neighborhood I would have not previously considered. Yorkville has an adorable French coffee shop with Wifi, an Oslo coffee shop and my street has a plethora of students and more artsier folks. Who knew?! Going with Cooper & Cooper is a no brainer.
Definitely use these guys to find you an apt in Manhattan.  This place is the one stop shop for apt brokers...professional, dependable, punctual, goes the extra mile, non-pushy, I couldn't ask for more.  Craigslist is a good place to start your search, but weeding through all the bs makes your eyeballs want to fall out, and you feel like an addict on there everyday sorting through a million ads.  Cooper&Cooper does it all for you, no hassle, no fuss.   I called first and Jeremey Cooper himself picked up the phone.  He was very professional and I told him right away that I only want to look at no-fee apts.  No hesitation, no questions, Christopher Clowdus only showed me no-fee apts.  He even went the extra mile and showed my bf around first, the weekend before i got to town, and didn't even mention that he pretty much did the same thing twice for the same client.  Everyone is pretty much Ivy League educated at this firm, so you definitely feel like you're working with professionals, not some random bozo where you question if he even has his license.   Cooper&Cooper, you guys rock, I'm super happy and will definitely use you guys again.
Broker Name: Kirk Hanaway Initial Screening: My company has a relationship with Cooper & Cooper, so I went with them without much thought. The initial interview by the office manager was pleasant-- the manager (Lisa? Can't remember) made sure to get all of my relevant information and provided rough guidance as to what to expect. First Broker: I was very much ahead of the curve as far as looking for apartments way earlier than I probably should have, but I figured it couldn't do much harm. I was initially assigned a different agent than Kirk, and unfortunately he seemed very busy and took upwards of a month to get back to me at times-- again, probably somewhat do to the fact that I was way too early to be searching, but still I do appreciate a bit of responsiveness. I was tempted to lower this rating as a result, but I'd like this rating to stand for Kirk Hanaway. Kirk Hanaway: When I finally came to New York to do some in-person viewings, my original agent was again too busy, so I was handed off to Kirk. We got off to a somewhat rough start, as we couldn't get into a unit and were forced to go to other units in the area instead. But he really went the extra mile, letting me check out a few other units in other areas and even letting me into his own home to see it as a model for another unit that was becoming available in his building. Nevertheless, I was a bit dissatisfied with what I saw because I didn't think the places were a good fit. I asked Kirk to put the brakes on the search while I tried to readjust my own preferences. He was professional, but not intrusive, and let me do my own thing while still maintaining contact and being generally helpful and available. Once I adjusted my search, he showed me the perfect unit for my budget and desired conditions/amenities. Overall, he was extremely respectful of my preferences, but open to checking out other alternatives without being push about it. He wasn't a "hard closer"-- he didn't try to force a unit on me, especially if I wasn't 100% comfortable with it. He also must be incredibly fit physically, because I became exhausted long before he did just walking around to the various apartments. I just signed the lease yesterday, and I will say that if there were any bumps in the process as far as Kirk goes, it was solely due to my own lack of clarity in my preferences. Kirk was an absolute trooper to the end, and provided me exactly with what I asked for when I asked for. In fact, when I called him up and told him I was going to go to my lease signing and since it was so last minute it'd be fine for him to skip if he was busy, he insisted on being present as a matter of professional courtesy. Seriously, very pleased with the entire process overall. Slightly disappointed in my first agent, but all's well that ends well.
I know what you're thinking - these reviews MUST be fake because how else would a real estate company consistently get five stars from critical NYC Yelpers? Trust me, these guys are the REAL DEAL! My roommate and I spent an entire month looking for 2BRs with at least one broker from nearly every single company working the streets of Manhattan. Every single apartment viewing felt like a blind date gone horribly wrong and week after week, options just slipped out of our hands. Last week, we were basically convinced we would be homeless on Nov 1st. A friend referred us to Cooper & Cooper, where we got the double royal treatment from Chris O'Connell and Keith Jacoby. The places they showed us looked like CASTLES compared to the options we were used to, and as veterans at the process, we submitted an application right away. Even despite some special requirements and missing paperwork from us, Keith and Chris pulled off a miracle and got us approved in 2 days! When I heard the news, I was so ecstatic my co-workers thought I was getting married! Its been a week since we signed the lease and we're still amazed the castle is officially ours! Its fine to comparison shop a little in NYC, but don't waste too much time with lackluster options, pushy brokers, and most importantly, scam artist management companies. Cooper & Cooper is worth every penny to help you avoid these obstacles! Thank you for helping us find a new home!
This review is for Laura Ionata. If I could give more stars, I would.  My roommate and I stumbled a bit when we first started at Cooper Cooper.  We were first given to a broker who wanted to communicate after 8pm and that really wasn't our style.  We requested to be placed with someone else and ended up with the best broker ever, Laura. Laura emailed us on Tuesday to set up a meeting for that same weekend.  Over e-mail she got our overall wants/needs and was very prepared for our meeting.  After getting to know each other, she was ready to take us to go see some apartments!  Little did we know that the first apartment she showed us would be ours.  After seeing the place she let us have some space to discuss on our own.  We decided to put an application in and she met us later in the day to help.   Monday rolled around and it turned out an application was in before ours :(  We were sad, but there was a similar unit available that she said had a partial application and we could put our hat in the ring.  After a discussion, we decided the lease start date would be too early for us.  Early the next morning Laura e-mailed us exclaiming the partial application fell through, that the land lord liked us from our previous application, and would give us the apartment if we wanted it.  It's relationships with land lord/management companies like that that makes Cooper and Cooper a great choice.  We went for it, and secured a dream apartment, under budget, and in a great neighborhood (hello, washer and dryer in unit PLUS dishwasher!).  They really do have access to gems!  When it came time to sign the lease, partner Jordan Cooper walked us through the paper work with Laura's assistance. Laura was very enthusiastic while remaining professional, prepared, and all around a joy to work with.  We ended the process feeling like friends.  I would without a doubt work with her again and maybe even go have coffee with her to catch up :)
Hello. This is yet another very positive review for Cooper & Cooper. I moved internationally from Vancouver to New York City and I couldn't have found my dream apartment if it wasn't Cooper & Cooper. I searched online for all sorts of real estate agencies and by some accidental click on the web I found Cooper & Cooper. Little did I realize that they would be one of the best and the most affordable! Relocating from another country is tough but I placed my faith on Cooper & Cooper and they didnt fail me. I worked with Alison Cortes. She was wonderful. She called me while I was still in Canada to figure out my expectations and even suggested ways to optimize my initial apartment search. Like many of Cooper & Cooper customers I found an amazing apartment in 2 days! I am sitting in my awesome Upper East Side apartment as I write this review. Alison was very patient and she took me everywhere once I had told her my budget and what I was looking for. We toured entire Manhattan from financial district all the way up to Yorkville. She was kind and had a cheerful attitude the entire time. She never complained and never tried to push an apartment. Cooper & Cooper was so professional and they even made sure I didn't get the wrong apartment! Alison's manager stopped me from signing up for an apartment that had complicated paperwork procedures. The agency also handled all my paperwork and all they needed were 1) Employment letter 2) Bank statements, and 3) Copy of passport. Cooper & Cooper has the best agency fee in the city and all my colleagues and friends were absolutely floored that I found an apartment in the NYC market in 2 days and I only paid 1 month amount for agency fee. The folks at Cooper & Cooper are wonderful people. I strongly suggest everyone to work with them. They also know the market very well. Chances are you have high expectations for a place in NYC (who doesnt?) They try to work with your needs and I am glad I listened to some of Alison's suggestions. She gave me some good reality checks without every being overbearing or patronizing. I've been singing Cooper and Cooper's praise since the day I moved into my amazing apartment. You will not be disappointed with this agency. Som Suresh
I have very little love for New York brokers as does anyone that has spent any amount of time being baited-and-switched by arrogant, bullying placozoa that haven't yet evolved to roach-hood. Jordan Cooper and Krys Brito of Cooper and Cooper, however have been charming exceptions to this experience. I was late for one of the Open Houses and called Jordan to see if he could stay longer. He said that he couldn't wait for too long. Not only did he wait, there was no attempt to rush us or to make us feel that he was doing us a favour. He was patient and respectful and tried to sell us one of the smaller apartments we saw by explaining to us how the previous tenants had maximized the space and telling us about the landlord. Not once did he tell us that we'd be passing up a good deal nor did he belittle what in retrospect were somewhat ambitious expectations for our budget. For all you single guys out there, you should use this agency just so you can meet Krys Brito - not only because she was e-mailing me application forms in the middle of the night so she wouldn't forget the next day, but because she is also extremely charming and absolutely gorgeous. Neither of them were pushy and were quite responsive (even though I have been looking exclusively at no-fee apartments, so they weren't getting paid by me). None of the four apartments they showed me were listed through anybody else as far as I could tell. Highly recommended.
These guys are awesome. Whoever told you "not to use a broker in NYC" obviously didn't use Cooper & Cooper. I was told by lots of people when I first moved here that I shouldn't use a broker. But Bill was not pushy, he showed me all the apartments I asked for, and he didn't do the 'bait and switch'. Bill showed me about a dozen apartments but it was hard to find something in my price range. I even tried going to see another broker from one of the bigger companies and I immediately regretted it - she pushed me into seeing apartments i didn't want to see and she tried to sell me on places that were dumps. I went straight back to Bill the next day, increased my budget a little bit, and found the perfect apartment which i moved into that weekend! If you're moving to New York and you need to find a place, try these guys. You won't find anyone better. I worked with Bill Barrus. Call and make sure you ask for him.
My family owns a studio in midtown Manhattan and was saddened to hear that our marvelous tenant was moving out of state.  This apartment has been in our family for years so we are very protective over it and originally weren't eager to approach a realtor we weren't familiar with.  But the building's co-op board is notoriously picky (we've had trouble having renters approved in the past) so we needed help finding a great tenant who could complete the extensive application package and was willing to sit through a board interview.   We reached out to Jordan Cooper of Cooper & Cooper to find out what we could do to find the trustworthy and reliable tenant we were looking for.  Within days he met with us to look at the apartment, appraise it and have professional photos taken.  In the course of a month, several of his associates showed the apartment and Jordan carefully screened the applicants to weed out those he didn't believe were viable candidates.  We were surprised how quickly he secured a prospective tenant and prepped a board package for her.   Jordan has kept us very informed, contacting us often to explain the board approval process and update us as to the new tenant's application status.  He has been an absolute pleasure to work with and has made the otherwise unpleasant process of hunting for tenants rather stress-free.  In the future, should we find ourselves looking for another tenant or even a buyer, we would contact Jordan Cooper immediately.
Cooper & Cooper are amazing. They found us an apartment that we are absolutely in love with. We've been here 4 weeks now and it's even better than we imagined when we signed the check. Our story goes like this: First we tried Craigslist and RDNY - both were garbage. On Craigslist the pictures were absolutely fakes, on RDNY the pictures were real but the places were just terrible. We saw 6 apartments and ran screaming from each one. Then we called a broker who was a friend of a friend. He tried his best to find what we were looking for. He was a very nice guy but it was immediately apparent that he didn't have the experience, knowledge and connections to get us the type of apartment we were looking for. He showed us 9 places, each one sadder than the last. Finally, I jumped on Yelp and found Cooper & Cooper. Gave them a call and Bill Barrus returned my call immediately. From the moment we met Bill, we knew we were in good hands. He was organized, knowledgeable and full of enthusiasm. He had understood our requirements perfectly and each apartment he showed us was in line with what we had described. He gave us the pros and cons of each apartment we saw and was honest about everything. As my wife and I would discuss the apartment, he would add as much information as we could possibly need to make a sound decision. By the 5th apartment, we had found the one we loved. If we thought that was easy, the lease signing was even smoother and Bill was a tremendous help. We actually had to fly home during the entire sign off process and Bill was our point man with the leasing company. He couriered our agreement to us, initiated our deposit payments, gave everything to the leasing company etc etc etc.. The list of help goes on and on. I'm not kidding when I say don't waste your time trying it yourself or with an agent you're not sure of. If you want an amazing company with amazing people that will find you you're dream apartment -  Cooper & Cooper is your team.
Having heard many many horror stories, I was reluctant to use a broker to find my apartment in the city. But with only 5 days to relocate before staring my new job, the BF and I eventually decided we had to give the broker thing a shot, went with C&C because Yelpers had such good things to say about them. I'm so happy I did!!   Bill Barrus was amazing - straightforward, responsive, respected my/our (perhaps idiosyncratic) needs.  And he was fun and funny to boot! Which turns out to be important when you are running around the city together for hours at a time in the blistering cold. In fact, it appears that everyone at C&C works in harmony, and other associates jumped in as needed if Bill was tied up, and they were also very helpful and responsive. None of the cattiness and competition that I discovered is so prevalent at other brokerage firms. Bill found us a place that fit our most important (and hardest to find) criterion: luminosity.  We would never have found this place by ourselves (*maybe* we would have found something sort of comperable, but with with LOTS more time and *significantly* more stress involved).   And the place includes other things I had all but given up on in NYC, like living and storage space. C&C made my search so much smoother, and I am thrilled with the result.  Every penny of the broker fee was well worth it (and did I mention their fees are the lower than every other broker I spoke with?).   Thanks Bill & C&C! You rock!!
What you put into finding the perfect NY apartment is what you will get out of it.  With that, I researched pretty extensively online for liable brokers, real estate agents, you name it online, and Cooper & Cooper ended up looking like the most reliable and RECENTLY UPDATED company from what I've seen. We were lucky enough to work with Ryan R. for our extensive Manhattan apartment search.  What helped a lot from the beginning were the extensive questions they asked.  For example for me, I let him know that I wanted to be away from main hustle and bustle of Manhattan, 30-40 minute commute from my school and internship would be fine, and areas that I was interested in.  The more information you give them, the easier it will be when you actually meet with them in their office and narrow down your preferences.   Once you meet with them at their office, it is an extremely smooth and fast process.  My advice: be open minded.  I came in with a lot of needs, wants, and demands with the apartment I was looking for, but this is NYC. It's going to be a tough housing market.  With that, Ryan showed us a plethora of different types of apartments in probably around 3 Manhattan neighborhoods.  One of them being the Upper East Side which I did not plan or mention to him about potentially living in...and yes, my new apartment is now in the Upper East Side. What helped the most with Cooper & Cooper was that they give and show you apartments that were a bit above our budget, at our budget, and a little bit below our budget.  If you have the energy and time, I strongly advise to look at apartments not in your budget as well just to see and compare what you get out of what you may have to pay for.  This helped A LOT. We spent about 3 hours looking at 8-9 different apartments.  Afterwards we had about an hour break and met with Ryan at the office to turn in application paperwork.  We were probably done with the day around 5-6 PM but mind you, everything that Ryan helped us with was worth the time.  If everything goes smoothly with the application process, it should not take more than 2 days to complete everything.  That's how much Cooper & Cooper's staff wants to help you out.  They. Are. On. It.   Good luck to all potential NYC residents! Be open minded!! And thank you Cooper & Cooper!
This is for Sandra. I'd been in the same apt for over 5 years and unexpectedly had to move. I called Cooper & Cooper bc of its reviews on Yelp. She was super helpful and encouraged me to look for myself to avoid a fee. I mean, what broker does that? She said, "If you don't find a place in a week, call me." I found a place 3 days later. The amount of time she spent with me giving me advice to not get paid was just so unheard of in NYC real estate. Will definitely recommend this firm to friends!
I've rented through Cooper and Cooper once (a fantastic experience with a broker who is no longer there) and just looked at apartments with Ryan Fox, another great broker. I'm moving back from out of town, so I have a very limited window to see places. Ryan was responsive, professional, and a pleasure to work with. He was open to my suggestions and everything we saw met my specifications.  We happened to find a place for the next year on our own, but that was pretty random and I can recommend Ryan without reservation and will search with him the next time we're in the market.  When I used Cooper and Cooper five years ago, my broker found a bunch of problems that the other broker had overlooked in the contract.  You want people on your side who know what they are doing.   Looking for apartments in NYC is such a pain, why not have someone awesome to make the process easier?
I would give them 10 stars if I could! Cooper and Cooper is amazing and I could not hope for a better agent than these guys. I met Roger and Ceci this afternoon in a search of an apartment for my family. Roger was unbelievable. He took me to places that are exactly in the description of my need, budget, school zone, comfortable place, etc, and I ended up getting an apartment in the Upper West, in the best possible place, just like that!! I know getting an apartment is complicated and stressful in Manhattan. I am from California, so the search was even more agonizing. Roger did all the work before I came to NYC and went through many details way in advance to ensure a smooth and easy journey. I literally landed in NYC today and had my apartment of dream (Hudson River view all around) signed less than 5 hours! I highly recommend this group to all of you. Roger is fantastic, and Ceci, on a training with Roger was phenomenal, too. Thank you for your time and effort, Roger and Ceci!
For the record, I never thought I would use a broker. In fact, I was morally opposed to even looking at an apartment with a fee, but one day everything changed. I spent about two weeks looking at street easy, craigslist, and pad-mapper to try and find an apartment. I looked at (or tried to look at) 7 apartments, but after being flat out lied to, having brokers show up late for appointments, and having open-houses canceled without warning, I decided that I needed help. For me it wasn't worth the time, stress, or hassle of trying to find an apartment on my own when I had a lot of other stuff going on in my personal life. I decided if I were going to use a broker, I wanted a broker that would work for me instead of collecting a fee on an apartment that I found on my own. So I did what any reasonable person would do when looking for help.....I went to Yelp. Clearly Cooper and Cooper stands out on Yelp for their reviews. I've found Yelp to be a pretty good indicator of success so one Wednesday afternoon I called Cooper and Cooper and Sergio Hunter picked up the phone. I talked to Sergio for about 30 minutes about the criteria that were important for my fiance and I, our budget, location, etc and without skipping a beat Sergio promised to clear out his Saturday, line up a bunch of apartments, and go on a marathon apartment hunt. Sergio and I swapped a few emails back and forth Thurs/Fri, and then Saturday we had our marathon apartment search. We saw at least 13 apartments between 12:00 and 5:00 and fortunately my fiance and I fell in love with one of the places we saw. Sergio met us at the management company on Sunday morning to turn in the application, and then I got a call from Sergio on Monday saying that we were approved! Yes, it really was that simple; Cooper and Cooper provided exactly the type of service that I was looking for: They worked for ME to find an apartment and did all of the negotiating with the landlord to get me the best deal. They took away all of the stress and frustration that I was feeling before and make the process as smooth as it could be. I was impressed with Sergio in particular. He was really great to work with because he was responsive to calls/emails, he showed up on time for appointments, when he was running late he would always call ahead to keep me in the loop, and he only showed me apartments in my price range. However what I appreciated the most was that Sergio never tried to give me the hard sell or pressure me into making a decision. Whenever we walked into a place and I said I didn't like it, he never tried to change my opinion, he simply said "okay lets go see some more apartments". Like I said, we saw at least 13 apartments on Saturday and if I had the energy I'm sure Sergio would have showed me 15 more without complaining. It was so nice to be able to make decisions without feeling pressured. However it was also reassuring to hear Sergio tell me that the apartment that we chose was a really good apartment. One last thing to note about Cooper and Cooper...... they are very upfront about their fees and pricing. The fee is fixed at one month's rent instead of the typical "15% of annual rent...but its always negotiable" crap that you have to deal with at most brokers. I liked going into it knowing what my costs are going to be. So for those of you that have actually made it to the end of this voluminous review, if you are thinking about going with a broker, go with Cooper and Cooper. You wont be disappointed.
Finding an apartment in New York City is probably one of the hardest, most grueling tasks around, but that's the price you pay for living in such a popular city. Luckily, I found Cooper & Cooper, which made the entire process much easier and smoother for me. I'll start off by saying that I had very little real estate knowledge aside from reading a bit of information online. The broker who I worked with, Joseph Casillas, was really helpful throughout the entire process and knew a lot about the real estate markets and general prices in specific Manhattan neighborhoods. I also worked with David Askler, who was also really helpful and knew the co-op purchasing process extremely well because he has been clearly doing it for a long time. I knew from the beginning that I wanted to purchase a place rather than rent, but I had a very tight window of prices because of the limit on monthly mortgage payments I wanted to make. With this criterion, Joseph was still able to produce some great places that I should look into, but none were all that enticing to me given various other criteria such as distance, size, etc. He was never pushy about these places, however, because he knew the importance of finding a place you actually like. In the end, he helped me to find a place that I really liked in Herald Square, and we moved fast to make an offer and secure the place. He made a killer board package and gave me guidance around the interview and the entire purchasing process, which was pretty long and definitely tested my patience. To his credit, he was great about dealing with my anxiousness and frustration. Overall, Joseph was extremely responsive through both phone and email and was always accessible. As you can imagine, this is really important to have when thinking about who to choose as your broker. He was patient, professional, always happy to help and answer questions, and knowledgeable about the entire process. Even after closing, there were some issues with the keys and the apartment, and he was still around to help me resolve the issues. Although I worked with him on a sale process, he seemed equally capable and good with the rental process too. When thinking about renting my place out in the future, I will certainly refer back to Joseph and Cooper & Cooper.
I had a pretty good experience finding a place in midtown on a short time frame. The associate who worked with me, Chip, was really friendly and helpful, and I would recommend him wholeheartedly. One of the partners, Jordan Cooper, helped deal with the rather old-fashioned building management company, and this made the final lease-signing as painless as possible.
Diane Peck is fantastic.  I moved from San Diego to Brooklyn about 6 weeks ago.  I only had a week to find an apartment that takes dogs.  Diane met with me after normal work hours and went above and beyond in hot month of July.  We scoured Brooklyn Heights, the Upper West Side, and Park Slope.  She was relentless and never tired.  While we were apartment hunting she also gave we an impromptu tour of the neighborhoods.  Needless to say I found 2 great apartments within 48hrs.  SHe was so helpful in getting the paperwork taken care of while I was working.  Also, she dealt with my indecisiveness when i switched apartments at the last second.  I can's say enough about Diane.   Diane Thanks for all your help
I spent a whole day traipsing around different neighbourhoods with Ryan Robles, and came out of it with a smorgasbord of great apartment choices that perfectly met my needs. Ryan was amazingly patient, explained New York's confusing rental market so that even I could understand it, and made sure that nothing was too hard. I have no hesitation in recommending Ryan from Cooper & Cooper for any of your apartment searching needs.
My husband and I recently worked with Michael Taylor from Cooper and Cooper finding our first apartment in NYC.  Neither of us had experienced the apartment search here before and Michael was definitely the kind of broker we needed to help us through the search.  He walked us through the entire process and with his knowledge and connections we were able to land the apartment of our dreams!  Throughout the process he was attentive, listened to what we were looking for, and stayed in constant contact with us through this stressful time.   There is no way we would have found the place we are in without his support and guidance.  He was encouraging, positive and never gave up on us.  Michael provided us with the best service through each step.  For example, he was always available via email, made his schedule open as needed for showings, sent extensive lists for us to look through re possible apartments and always followed up with any leads I sent him. I would highly recommend him to anyone that is new to the city or just need an awesome broker!
Nothing that hasn't been said a million times before, but Cooper and Cooper [Keith Jacoby in particular] made the impossible task of moving to NYC from out of state possible.  I can't say enough good things about him - absolutely worth the broker fee.
I found Cooper & Cooper through its high Yelp rating, so I wanted share the love.   If you are need of an awesome apartment and an easy, relaxed apt hunting/applying process, then call Cooper & Cooper now.  Forget Craigslist! I emailed three different companies on a Sunday night, a few weeks before my move.  Early Monday morning I had a call from Donna from C&C.  The other 2 companies never called me back. Donna was great to talk to.  She put me at ease regarding my short time span in which to find something and move in.  We made plans to meet in 2 weeks and she contacted me a few days before to finalize.  I meet her on a Monday and we looked around all day.  By Wednesday I was approved and by Friday, I had my keys.  The process could not have been any easier. I felt like Donna was reliable and trustworthy.  I never had to chase her down.  She was always working for me, trying to get it done.  Also, she is a native NY'er so it was very helpful to have her opinons regarding location, commutes, etc... I love my apt so I don't anticipate moving anytime soon, but when I do, I will call C&C.  You should too!
We worked with Courtney, and she's an absolute pro - fast, smart, cheerful, patient and ultimately willing to spend several days with us to ensure we found the best apartment. Courtney showed us a huge variety of places, from luxury high-rises to charming walkups, in a wide array of areas, and many were no-fee. Several other Cooper & Cooper employees stepped up during our hunt to assist, giving you the sense that it's a real team operation. In the end, we scored an epic new home on the UWS that was never listed on any public site we could find, and our fee was only one month's rent. Seriously grateful to Courtney and her colleagues.
This review is for Annie. I have to warn you, this is another glowing review for a Cooper and Cooper broker! Me and my boyfriend were living in Hoboken and wanted to move to a 1 bedroom in Manhattan. We started looking on craigslist but soon realized that we needed the help of a professional if we wanted to move by the end of the month. Cooper and Cooper had very good reviews on yelp so we contacted them. Annie called us back and asked us questions about our needs and our budget. Several things set her apart from all the other brokers: she understood exactly what we wanted, and showed us about twenty 1-bedroom apartments, all in our favorite neighborhoods and in our budget. She never tried to pressure us into seeing more expensive rentals "just in case", and respected our dealbreakers. She spent two Saturdays with us, negociating with owners and superintendants for the keys (and this was amazing since we could not visit apartments during the week... She is the only agent I have worked with who accomodated our busy schedule!). And she was always smiling and had a great conversation. She is by far the best broker I had the pleasure to work with. Not only was she extremely professional (she was taking care of everything, which eased the stress of moving to Manhattan on a short notice), we also felt she was the only broker who truly cared about us. She would send me updates and nice emails a few times a week, and would inform us whenever there was a new listing. She worked for us as hard as if we were her close friends, and was very honest with us during the whole search. We were not just another number in her list of clients, and that is priceless. She found us an amazing apartment, but by the time we decided to put an application it had already been rented (rookie mistake!). In the end we got an apartment with another agency (our time was running out and he randomly contacted us). I was pissed that we could not apply through Annie (the guy did not care about us at all) but we had signed a form preventing us from doing so. When we told her we had found something, she was not upset at all and instead sent us a very nice and generous email! We recommend her to everyone!
I highly, highly recommend this agency. When I first called, I spoke with Lisa, and then she put us in contact with Mike Snaric who helped us find our apartment. We moved here from Texas and really wanted to find a place and sign papers before we got here. That was exactly what happened, and we are very happy with the apartment we have. Mike and Lisa listened to exactly what we needed and found us exactly that. I never actually met with either of them in person, but my sister did. She met with Mike and looked at a number of places, took pictures, and sent everything back to us that night with her thoughts on all of them (you can't beat having a professional photographer help you find an apartment, btw).  Mike was able to answer almost all of her questions, and she said he was very comfortable to work with. We also had her meet with another agent from another company that afternoon, but she said he was pushy, smarmy, and lied about at least two important aspects of the apartment. She walked out on him while looking at the first place he showed her, and I'm happy she did. Fortunately she had met with Mike first and had plenty of photos and options to send us. Mike and Lisa kept in constant contact with us as we were signing papers remotely and found answers to all of our questions. That was really important to us since we were driving a UHaul across country and staying in hotels during all of this, which can be stressful enough. All in all, I will recommend Cooper and Cooper to as many people as I can. When my sister moves up here, she knows who she wants to work with. Oh! And as a bonus, the apartment we decided on is in a no fee building.
Disappeared on me... I got a few emails that said things like "still looking, but not much out there with your budgetary constraints" then no emails at all (sorry I can't afford $5k a month like the rest of your clients, but I didn't think $2200 puts me in the "poor" category).
Trying to get an apartment in Manhattan is an exercise in degradation.  Never have so many people lied to me with such frequency.  I've found that in real estate, one bedrooms are called two, Washington Heights is called the Upper West Side, and if it seems good, it's not true.  Five different brokers and the result was the same.  Your appointments get canceled last minute, you'll get yelled at on the phone if you decide not to apply to a place, your budget will be ignored: to them, you are an 8 year old.   Enter David from Cooper and Cooper.  He took my roommate and I out to coffee on our first meeting!  And drove us to different apartments!  This does not happen with brokers.  David never pushed us into anything, fielded all our questions, accommodated our hectic schedules, and most importantly he worked within our tight budget.  You will pay a month broker's fee, but at least it's going to someone who earned it.   I cannot recommend David/Cooper and Cooper highly enough.  You will be treated like an adult.
I just finished a weekend of apartment hunting with Ryan Robles of Cooper & Cooper, and I cannot say how much I appreciated working with him.  My two roommates and I decided to work with Cooper & Cooper after they gave an information session at our university, and it was one of the best decisions we made during our search for a new home. As recent college graduates with no experience apartment hunting, we were all very daunted by the task of finding an place in New York City that we could afford and still feel safe in.  Even with the limited availability of apartments that fit our requirements (3 bedroom apartments in our price range are few and far between), Ryan came up with a list of places to show us in the single weekend we had to look.  He listened to our needs, reassured our nervous parents (and our nervous selves), and made sure that we knew to jump on an apartment we liked after noticing that there was another group of prospective tenants that were interested.  Without him, we probably would have waited to act and would have lost the apartment we were interested in.  We also would have been much more anxious and stressed throughout the entire process. On top of all this, Cooper & Cooper's broker fees are strictly one-month fees, which makes a huge difference when compared with other firms that charge 15%.  Overall, the apartment-searching experience that we expected to be extremely stressful turned out to be quite simple and straightforward.  For that, all three of us are very grateful to have worked with Ryan and Cooper & Cooper, and we highly recommend them for anyone looking to move to New York City.
This business is the 2nd reason why I signed up for yelp to do reviews. I contacted Cooper & Cooper because they were highly recommended by multiple folks I've met here in NYC, and I read all the reviews before contacting them. I had such high hopes thinking this company must be different than all the other scumbags I've worked with. I spoke to an office manager on the phone who was very nice and courteous. He took down my information, including price range and said he would forward it to an agent. An agent contacted me within the hour. (i'm new to Yelp so I feel a bit funny for naming names so I won't). This agent, K, was very nice on the phone, talked to me more about my requirements, price range, areas...etc... and told me about the fees, which is 1 month. This is nice and lower than what the other brokers are quoting me as 10-15%. K says that a lot of the listings in NYC are available to all brokers/firms and for those apts, he would only charge me 1 month. For apartments that are exclusive to certain brokers, then he would have to charge me 15% because he would have to share the commission with the broker of the building. Valid, makes a lot of sense, and I agreed. I told him I'd like to see just the 1 month fee apts first, then if nothing came up then we can go see the 15% kind. I also told him I would help him by doing my own research, and perhaps I can send him the apts I want to see and he can show them to me, instead of me working with other brokers. I also promised him that I would only work with him, and not other brokers (unless I contacted them before I contacted Cooper & Cooper, and I already made appointments with them to see other places). Spoke to him on the phone MOnday, made an appointment with him to look at places Thursday afternoon. During that time, I performed extensive searches on craiglist, naked apartments, streeteasy...etc... whatever i could find. Then I compiled all the listings I wanted to see and sent it to him in an email. I'm certain a lot of those apartments are the 1 month fees kind, because I saw multiple different brokers from different companies posting them. If that's the case, then it must be one of those apts that are available to all brokers in NYC. In fact, I later saw an apt within my price range, managed by the same company that K says often works with Cooper Cooper. HOWEVER, after I sent that email, K sent me an email back saying he doesn't have anything in my price range ~$2000 in the downtown area, such as EAst village, Chinatown, LES...etc... that is 1 month fee. There are things that are either 15% fee, or up in the UWS or UES.  This was Thursday morning. Which means that from Monday until Thursday morning, I could have gone out with other brokers to see other apartments, but I saved them in an email to send to K, only to have him cancel the appointment with me, WASTED my time, and worse, I felt LIED to! 1. If he didn't have anything within my price range, why didn't he tell me sooner, rather than waiting 3 days to tell me on the morning of our appointment and after I sent him that email and wasted my time? 2. if he had issues with me doing my research, or any issues with me sending him that list, he should have just been honest about it. What was the problem? why the sudden change? 3. it is NOT true that there were no apts within my price range and were 1 month fees. He just didn't want to waste his time showing it to me. I don't understand why? I would still pay him the fees? Maybe $2k in fees was too little for him? And he rather showed me things for either higher fees or more rent money? I felt like an idiot for believing that I found a broker/brokerage company that were honest and decent here in NYC. I felt strung along. URGGGGGG!!!! we ended up getting a 1 bedroom apartment in the LES for $1900 with 1 month fee. Because the broker was also getting some fees from the landlord. From my experience, there might be no fees apt out there, but there are also so many scammers and sketchy people that it was simpler to go through a broker. However, brokers, all of them, all of the ones I worked with, even the one that I used to find my current place, are not good people. They lie, through their teeth, to your face, hide things from you, and inflated the rental market in NYC for their own personal gains. How do they sleep at night? Are they not worried about Karma? or is it just about getting a deal done and making that quick cash regardless of the path to get there? Oh, and random tips I've learned from the search: 1. come prepared with your complete package (current credit score, proof of income, previous 2 months bank statements, last 2 months pay check, last 2 years tax return, copies of ID) when you see the apt so you can just submit application immediately 2. ask who is responsible for water and electricity 3. ask to speak to current tenant, you'd be surprised at what you can learn about the place such as neighbors/noise/bugs/management
I've been working with Ryan Fox trying to find an apartment and it's been an amazing experience!! He's been prompt, thorough, professional,  and very knowledgable about the NY apartment scene. He's a great guy too! I would absolutely refer business to him. TB
Like a few others below, I was coming to Manhattan with a lot of sticker fear and a lot of advice, but very little idea of what I would really be able to find in the 2010 market.  Cue Yelp, Cooper and Cooper, and Christopher Clowdus, and a couple weeks later I have the apartment I want in my price range.   Figuring out what I wanted was a little tricky, since I thought I knew what I wanted, and Christopher showed me units along those lines for a solid day.  However, after the thoughtful comments he was able to offer while looking, I opened up the search to other neighborhoods at his discretion.  Two units and a subway ride later, I got pretty much exactly what I wanted. Thanks again, Christopher!
Review is for Ben Losi I can't complain enough about how awful the moving process is into New York from another city... however, Ben was extremely patient with explaining to me the system on how apartments become available, how listings open up, and what I would need to apply for an apartment. First off, having Cooper & Cooper come straight out and say they will only charge one months rent as their Broker fee takes out any awkward conversations and negotiations about the Broker's fee. This was really a nice addition to the experience. Not to mention, one months rent is paying WAY less than the average 13-15% annual rents broker's fee. Do know, that if you decide to look an exclusive listings, it will be 15%, however, you can easily ask not to see any of those apartments. Ben was extremely patient with me and my small price range. I was looking to stay within 1700-2100. He did a consultation phone conversation with me that allowed him to figure out what was important for me and what I was looking for. Being unfamiliar with the city, he pointed me in the right direction of what areas may be best for me and where the subway was located. From here, we scheduled a day and he took me to say 10+ apartments. To make a long story short, I fell in love with an apartment and Ben made the application process to it as smooth as possible. We ran into a couple hiccups along the way, but they were pretty easily fixed. Ben was wonderful and I'd highly recommend him to anyone who needs to sign a lease quickly!
Review for Sandra Thompson My roommate and I had a wonderful experience with Sandra. We went through a few other agents before we found Sandra [our lucky charm!]. Most of the other agents were terrible: disappears, impatient, not selling the right apartments at the price range, didn't have keys to get into the apartments, anything ridiculous... Sandra was very attentive and approachable. We had a serious conversation over the phone regarding our requirements and other information to search for the perfect apartment. As soon as we saw the VERY FIRST apartment Sandra selected for us, we LOVED it. We went for it and got our very first apartment in NYC. Sandra held our hands from the very beginning till the end. She was very helpful and patient. I can tell she genuinely wanted to find the most ideal apartment for us and not just trying to make a sale. I will sure go back to Sandra when I need to find a new place whenever that may be. So don't waste your time on other brokers who may likely waste your valuable time. CALL SANDRA! :)
My agent, Nile Lundgren, was fantastic. He listened to what I wanted, provided exceptional listings that fell into my price range, and in the course of one day showed me around 20 apartments. Nile found me a fantastic studio in the East Village with an excellent layout on a wonderful block. I worked with two other agents before a friend recommended Nile, and I cannot recommend highly enough. He had every listing that the other agents had, and a bunch more.  Do yourself a favor: stop looking on Craig's List and fooling around with other agents, and let Nile take care of you.
Review for Joseph Casillas First, let me say, do not waste your time on Craigslist...you will spin your wheels! Many scams out there. Do you really want your personal and financial information out there with some sublet person or some dishonest broker?   And if you do not know NYC , you could end up in a bad part of town, rat hole of a building that is not maintained.  We went with Joseph  Casillas and Cooper and Cooper because of their  stellar reputation and reviews and spoke with others who used them for renting apartments.  We needed to find an apartment within 1 week for our son.  The dorms were full and school started in 2 weeks.   Joseph was raised in NYC, so he knows New York.  We gave him a budget, asked him to find a safe, well maintained building in a nice neighborhood, close to the subway.  Joseph was extremely professional, prompt, and patient.  He explained why filing out a thousand forms is needed when renting in NYC. Joseph met with our son and showed him a variety of apartments in different parts of Manhattan. Because of our time difference, Joseph took late night phone calls to secure paperwork, answer rookie renter questions, and walk us through paperwork, ect.   He did a fantastic job in a short amount of time! So, why just 4*?  Being complete rookies at this.  I feel we should have been told UPFRONT 1. being a guarantor for your kid,  you will have to pay 2 application fees to the management company (1 for your son/daughter and 1 for you.)  2. EXCLUSIVE listings fees. You pay the broker showing the apartment AND the broker who has the listing. After all my research on renting in NYC, I had never heard of these additional fees.  This adds another months rent to the deal!!  This was never brought up until it was time to pay. A simple question, "do you object to me showing your son/daughter  EXCLUSIVE LISTING apartments?"  After raising our disappointment about not being upfront about this, Joseph did lower his fee......a little. This caused a nice discussion between my husband and I.  me-" YOU should have known better, you're from NEW JERSEY!" him-YOU should have researched rental facts better-you're a teacher!"  Happy ending. We learned 3 things. 1. turn in your housing application for college ASAP. 2. to find an apartment quick, you need Joseph Casillas. 3. ask about additional fees.
Worked with Nile verrrrry briefly during my apartment search. He listened to my needs, showed us a beautiful no-fee listing, and was extremely organized and professional. We ended up finding a different place, but I have to recommend someone as good as him.
I was truly impressed with the level of professionalism and the quality of the staff at Cooper & Cooper. I met a number of brokers during my apartment hunt, and it's true what they say: many are unprofessional sharks. At Cooper & Cooper I worked with Sergio, and he was a pleasure to deal with. Quick to communicate, showed me many great places (including some with no fee), and restored my confidence in brokers. If you don't have the time to wade through 10,000 craigslist ads to find one apartment, give C&C a call and ask for Sergio. Otherwise it's going to be a LONG hunt.
Cooper and Cooper completely debunks the idea that all brokers in NYC are dishonest and untrustworthy.  Eirik Gislason was AMAZING.  He listened clearly to our situation and rental priorities, and carefully constructed a plan to find us a great place. He provided useful advice, was extremely patient, and was a complete gentleman in handling our interactions.  We ended up finding a fantastic apartment at a low price - I can't recommend Eirik and Cooper and Cooper highly enough.
A bit late, a couple months, but pretty much almost a perfect experience. From the first moment I randomly emailed them regarding a listing to the complete end of the apartment search, when I signed the lease, everything was done well, purposefully, speedily and with a smile. Erik Roth, my broker, was amazingly organized and prepared (down to a thorough walking map of listings), super knowledgable and very helpful. Cooper and Cooper and Erik gave me a feeling like they were on my team (which is often not the case) throughout the whole process. I went from somewhat of a hodge podge of locations and thoughts about where I wanted to live to a very specific and focused goal thanks to them.   I would heartily and completely recommend (and have) that when you have the need and want to move, give Erik at Cooper and Cooper a call or email straight away. No reason to delay.
Worked with Courtney Samborsky of Cooper & Cooper: My wife and I were recently transferred from the Midwest to New York City and only had one weekend to find an apartment.  Given the complexities of the NYC rental market, we reluctantly decided to look for a broker.   We came across a couple of positive Yelp reviews on Cooper and Cooper - specifically, Courtney Samborsky and I decided to give her a call.  From the very first phone call it was clear that Courtney understood what we needed - a guide to finding an apartment in the city while watching our budget and accomplishing everything as quickly as possible.  Courtney addressed my main concerns to perfection: 1)  Timing:  Courtney assured me that she would meet us the following Friday and would be prepared to show us as many apartments as we needed to see to find one that suited us.  She sent us several listings before we left for NYC and I forwarded a few that I had found online as well.  We were scheduled to meet Courtney at Starbucks on Friday at noon and we showed up nearly two hours early.  To our surprise Courtney was already there preparing for our viewings for the day.  Even when we found the apartment that we wanted, Courtney insisted on showing us a few additional properties to make sure we found what we really wanted.  She was patient, knowledgeable, and extremely gracious with her time. 2)  Commission:  As anyone who will search "NYC broker" will find out, the typical commission structure for NYC brokers is 15% or roughly 2 months rent.  Cooper and Cooper typically charges around 1 month's rent (8%) and Courtney was very up front about the properties she could show my wife and I (no-fee (paid by property owner), 1 mo, and full fee apartments).  She was open to my suggestions on what apartments we wanted to see. 3)  Cost:  Having given Courtney my budget up front, she made it a point to stay within the confines of my budget.  No one wants to see amazing apartments that they cannot afford and Courtney did a great job here. In my opinion, it is not often that I receive service worth writing about but Courtney and Cooper & Cooper went above and beyond to make my wife and I happy.  It is for this reason that I am writing my first Yelp review. Knowledgeable, patient, persistent, and a pleasure to work with are a few things that describe Courtney.  Next time you need an apartment in NYC, do yourself a favor and give her a call.
I'll add to the positive vibe.  Bill is my broker.  He's definitely interested in his work and was determined to help me find a good place to live. I was impressed by the number of apartments he had arranged for me to view during my short visit to NYC.  They all met my requirements.  I enjoyed talking with him.  Never hurts to enjoy your broker's company since you may have to spend many hours with them. He couldn't have been more professional and accommodating.  I've found the apartment that I want, in an excellent location, thanks to Cooper and Cooper.  Very impressed.
In one word: AMAZING. After working with several brokers in the UWS, my boyfriend and I were very discouraged and disappointed by the terrible service we were getting from people who 1) were incredibly rude and 2) frankly did not seem to care for a moment about actually doing their job (i.e. Citi Habitats). We then contacted Cooper & Cooper as a last attempt to salvage our hope in actually finding an apartment and immediately, we noticed the polar differences between the brokers at Cooper & Cooper and at other real estate agencies. We needed an apartment within a few days - done. Our broker, Fernando, with just a few hours notice AND during Passover/Easter weekend, came out to our neighborhood Friday & Saturday and was so pleasant and attentive to our needs and desires. (without requiring us to first go to his office for the pointless 1 hour consultation that other real estate agencies claim are necessary, i.e. Bond New York [p.s. they're a complete joke and refuse to go below the 15% fee]). We saw a few apartments on Friday and on Saturday morning decided that we needed to take another look.  Just to accommodate us, Fernando traveled up to the UWS to show us the apartments again, remained patient throughout our deliberations and made us feel like our happiness was his first and only priority. When we found an apartment we were satisfied with, Fernando willingly allowed us to negotiate down the broker's fee so that we felt comfortable with the amount we were paying. Where other agencies refuse to move down from the 15% or 12% fee, Cooper & Cooper is incredible and unique in that, if possible, they won't charge an arm and a leg for assisting through this process.   Overall, Cooper & Cooper offers a service that is superior to any that other real estate agencies offer and I enthusiastically recommend Cooper & Cooper to anyone looking for an apartment in the NYC area - you will not be disappointed!
Diane Peck was great to work with!  She was EXTREMELY helpful, on the ball, and efficient.  I would highly recommend working with her.  She found me an amazing apartment and helped me every step of the way to make it mine.  She makes herself available to answer questions and promptly gets back to you.  If I ever need to move again, she will be the first person I call.
I would highly recommend Cooper & Cooper to anyone in the market to buy, sell, or rent an apartment.   I first met C&C through one of their free NYC home-buying seminars.  They were professional, knowledgable, and very helpful.  I wish I had found them prior to purchasing my first condo in NYC - Jordan would have been an indispensable asset  to work with during the home buying process, and I would potentially have avoided a few pitfalls. A few months later I decided to seek their advice in renting out my condo.  I had the opportunity to work with Jordan and Fernando.  Both were highly competent, were available to answer all my questions, and made an endeavor that would have been difficult for myself a complete breeze.  Jordan walked me through every stage of the process, explaining everything I needed to know.  I felt like I could trust them completely.  They found a fantastic tenant within a few weeks whom I'm very excited to have occupying my space. I will absolutely be working with Cooper & Cooper again in the future.  I would not be surprised to find them becoming one of the premier real estate firms in the city.
I've worked with bill twice and he is always very patient and understanding of what I'm looking for. I recommend him to my fiends, because he's a trustworthy source. While I don't love the fees (who would?) this company as a whole seems very genuine.
Worked with two associates (Michael & Lana) and one of the owners Jordan to find the right apartment over about a 3 week period. They were persistent and always pleasant to work with. You'll feel like you have an advocate in working with this broker firm. The only difficulty I had was seeing an apartment that I later found out was already rented when I viewed it, but I get the sense that's more of the industry than the broker.
Worked with Bill Barrus to find an apartment last summer (2011). Bill was recommended to me by a co-worker. I found Bill to be patient, very professional and honest. Bill was available to answer my questions even over the weekend....and his responses to my questions were always thoughtful and complete. At the lease signing (which was my first lease) Bill sat with me while I read through the long lease, answering questions and checking with the management company if he didn't know the answers to the questions. Charging only 1 month's rent was also a pleasant surprise, after working with brokers who wanted 15% for spending a tiny fraction of the time that Bill spent with me. After working with many unscrupulous and unprofessional brokers, working with Bill was a pleasant experience. Very highly recommended.
I recently started looking for a new apartment in Manhattan. I had a month of time, so I was taking it easy. Soon I found out that there is many posts on Craisglist that claim to be a no fee apartment or a by owner apartment, but then they always have a fee. It is still doable to do an apartment hunt on your own, but you will need a lot of time and you will see many apartments that end having some hidden fee or that are way worst than what they look in the posting. I wish there was a Carfax for apartments... Because of all the reviews in Yelp, I decided to email Cooper and Cooper and they soon assigned me to a broker, Pia. She was very helpful throughout the entire process and helped me find a great apartment. They helped me with all the required documentation to place and application and the follow up was great too. If you are looking for an apartment in NYC I strongly recommend you to talk with Cooper and Cooper. Plus, if you clearly specify you only want to see no fee apartments, that's what they will show you. Ask for Pia, she is a great broker and very helpful. The first day we saw apartments they were all following my specifications, but I did not really like any of them. It wasn't a problem at all. From my feedback she saw what I like and what I don't and then, the second day we saw apartments, everything we saw was great and I loved two of them. One of those will be my new home next week.
Based on my previous experience with a broker, I decided to find a new one that was reliable, helpful, and truthful...so of course I turned to Yelp to help us find a broker! Cooper and Cooper did such a great job! Our agent was Sarah Manning. We emailed Cooper and Cooper on the weekend, and received a response from her the same day. She took us out a month early (we were a bit ahead of the game) and showed us some apartments in our price range that were good, but not exactly what we were looking for. She got a better idea of what we wanted after taking us out that day. We sent her some links of some apartments that had features that we liked, and the second time we went out with her, she found us our beautiful new home! She really knows how to listen and find what you really want. She's not at all pushy. The apartment that we ended up deciding on ended up costing less-- and therefore she got a lower fee. We decided on taking the apartment on Friday evening, and she even took us back to Cooper and Cooper's office to finish doing all the documentation and to send all the paperwork to the co-broker that same night. I would definitely recommend working with Cooper and Cooper, and Sarah is great!
Big thanks for Sarah M at Cooper & Cooper for rescuing me from a month long nightmare search on Craigslist and helping me find a great place. They are knowledgeable, kind, patient, and no pressure in helping you find a place. I only wish I'd discovered them sooner and saved myself the wasted time.
I has spoken to a lot of sketchy and/or expensive brokers and based on yelp reviews, I decided to contact Cooper & Cooper. Kim West was amazing from start to finish!! I moved from out of town and was not familiar with the NY rental market and had only heard horror stories about the process. Kim made the process easy and stress-free. I spent 2 afternoons with Kim. She came fully prepared with keys, printouts of all of the units we were going to see and knowledge of the neighborhood. She showed me a wide range of units from style to price range so I could get an idea of what I could get for my money. She never pressured me and always provided insightful advice on the pros and cons of each apartment. Once I found my apartment she took care of sending in my application, negotiating not needing a guarantor and not having to pay a pet fee for my 2 dogs. She also came to the lease signing to answer any questions I had. Stop searching for a broker and call Cooper & Cooper. All of the reviews on yelp are exactly what you will get. Additionally, their fee is less than most other brokers. Kim was great and I will recommend her and definitely use her again the next time I move!
Had a great experience with Cooper & Cooper finding my first apartment here in the city. Nile Lundgren did a fantastic job lining up an assortment of great places that met my budget, and I was able to go from hitting the runway at LGA to keys in my hand in under a week. I won't hesitate to work with C&C again if I decide it's time to find a new place!
We worked with Fernando back in July. We were moving to NYC from Dallas and were on a very short time frame. We were coming up on a Thursday and needed to have a place by the following Monday since our stuff was coming from Dallas and it needed a place to go! Fernando was great from the start. Took the time to listen to our needs and guided us to the Upper East Side where he thought we could get most of our wishlist within our budget. To our surprise, the first day of apartment hunting, he actually took us to places UNDER our budget. Was not expecting that! The only downside is that they didn't have all the items we wanted in an apartment. In his defense, he only had one day to set up the appointments. He was very receptive to our feedback and we agreed to regroup the next day.  The next morning we met up and he has a long list of places to check out. The first place we went to I KNEW was perfect for us. We continued to look the rest of the day and put in applications at two places. In the end we got the apartment we wanted and it had what we needed and was at the bottom of our budget ($2400-$3000 for a one bedroom).  We moved in before our stuff even came from Dallas. I would highly recommend Fernando and cooper and cooper. They made a potentially very stressful experience an easy one. They are worth the $$$ and as a plus they charge less than other brokers!
This review is for Laura Ionata. Laura is outstanding. For everyone looking to find a place in NYC, check out Cooper and Cooper and request Laura. You may be able to find a decent place without an agent but their knowledge and access is well worth the additional fee. More importantly this is a relationship business and Laura simply shines. We were able to get access to an amazing apartment on short notice and with her help and preparation secured it without issue.
Please note that this review is for Diane Peck, an associate at Cooper & Cooper - and also my first review ever on Yelp. For those of you who have struggled with or are entertaining the thought of finding a NYC apartment all on your own - I have been in your shoes, and all I can say is don't do it; use Cooper & Cooper instead. I currently live in an apartment with a few friends and was looking to find a "grown up" apartment with my boyfriend since he just found out that he received a job offer in the city. We were under a severe time crunch since he lives upstate, and I travel 80% of the week for my job. After browsing pad mapper and following up with some non-existent opportunities on Zillow, we decided to bite the bullet and go for a broker. While I've only been in the city for two years, I've had my fair share of bad experiences with other brokers, so I was a bit skeptical. When I first moved to NYC, I worked with several different agents through Craigslist and other sources - all of whom tried to pressure me into signing a lease and handing over a 15% fee. So when we randomly stopped by the Cooper & Cooper office on a Saturday morning, I had pretty low expectations (despite the glowing Yelp reviews - I just didn't think a "good" broker in the city was reality!). Not only were my expectations surpassed - they were blown away. Diane was the first associate to meet us at the door, and she quickly came up with a list of ~15 different apartments with a Google map print-out after we described our ideal apartment. I was pleased that Diane really put herself in our shoes by selecting a mix of walk ups and high rise apartments both under, at and slightly above our price range. She was also upfront and honest about the brokerage fee, which is 1-month's rent  versus 15% of the annual rent. Throughout the remainder of the day, Diane guided us to about 10 different apartments before we settled on the one that we wanted. Not ONCE did she pressure us, and she even suggested that we forgo the most expensive apartment because the staff weren't very friendly. I really felt like we were working with her to find a place versus her pushing us around to get the max commission. Diane continued to be a great help as she advised us on what to include in the rental application (we were competing with someone else, so we went above and beyond the requirements) - she even met us at a Fedex and reviewed our documents with us before we made copies and went with her to hand in our paper work. As of today, my boyfriend and I are planning our move into the new apartment, and we couldn't have been happier with the service from Cooper & Cooper. Not only was Diane open and honest about fees, but she managed to find us a place that was within our price range, preferred neighborhood and pet-friendly - all within 24 hours! I recommend Cooper & Cooper to anyone who is trying to find an apartment - the 1-month fee is an investment that I would definitely make again.
My boyfriend and I just moved into our new apartment.  It is exactly what we wanted for way less than we thought it would be and we owe it all to Leon Feingold at Cooper & Cooper.  He is a good guy.  Whereas other real estate agents simply ignored our emails, Leon got back to us right away and started putting a tour together for us immediately.  He showed us no-fee apartments without even being asked and put up with our requests to see the same apartment over and over with enthusiasm.  It was our first time renting and Leon helped us through every step of the process.  He even schlepped out with us to the nearest bank when I realized that we needed a bank check for the deposit, not a personal check!  Bottom line: Leon is great and we definitely recommend contacting him if you're looking to move.
We personally worked with Pearl directly who was wonderful, but everyone at Cooper and Cooper we spoke with were very pleasant and helpful. Pearl was excellent, very accomodating and patient as we changed our minds on different aspects we were looking for and worked incredibly hard to find us all our possible options. I definitely recommend if you're going to go the broker route to use Cooper and Cooper!
My boyfriend and I had great experience working with Joseph Casillas of Cooper & Cooper.  We recently moved to NYC from DC and this was our first experience apartment shopping in the city.  Joseph made the experience very easy and way less stressful than we imagined.  He took us around all day, in the rain, to 7 apartments, 6 in the the upper east side (studios) and 1 in Queens (mansion).  The rain could have made our day horrible along with the large group of loud children on the subway, but Joseph made the day well worth it. Our budget was under $2000 and all the apartments we saw were pretty nice!  We ended up finding the perfect place and subsequently put down an application.  We fell short of the minimum income requirement and yet Joseph and the rest of the Cooper & Cooper staff used their good relationship with the building management company to get us around the requirement.  We didn't even have to put down a huge (relative) deposit.  Overall, our experience was awesome and we highly recommend Cooper & Cooper!
Though I did not end up renting a place through Cooper and Cooper and instead found a no fee apt on Craigslist, I had nothing but the most positive experience working with them. I think it helps to explain my experiences with other brokers to understand why I'm giving them this review: Me and three buddies made a trip to the city to find a 4 br place and met with three brokers. The first one kept saying things like "this apt signed in just 2 hours when it was put on the market last year", and upon mentioning an apt that I saw in Murray hill through another broker "oh yea I saw that one it was signed already", even though I knew it wasn't because I was texting the broker as we spoke. She was clearly trying to get us to sign ASAP, regardless of our preferences, because we were not impressed with the places we saw. We couldn't believe how rude the second broker was. He immediately shoved his iPhone with some contract on it in our faces to sign electronically without even explaining what it was first, checked out girls' butts the entire time, and just sat on a chair the entire time while we looked around at an apt. And all he could say was how fast this apt was going to sell and that we should go to his office to pay 700 dollars for application fees/to take the posting off the market before his office closes at 5. Granted it was an okay place, but we all felt like it was a scam because of this guy. Tired and starting to feel desperate, we called up cooper and cooper, who I found out about because they came to my school to give a free presentation about finding an apt in NYC. Just from this phone call I could tell that they really care about service, not selling you a place ASAP. After providing our preferences, and letting him do a search, i was promptly called back about a place in east village that could be showed to me in an hour, which on such short notice was awesome (it was already 5:30 pm at this point). Our broker was named Kirk Hanaway, who was very personable and reminded us all of Phil Dunphy from Modern Family. He was very friendly and unlike the other brokers did not seem to be in a rush to sell us anything. The place he showed us was a great sized apt, especially considering we were looking for 4 bedrooms, and in a nice residential neighborhood with rooftop access. Upon parting he gave me a free Zagat book which was very generous, and followed up with me with more information on an apartment, and tips on dealing with guarantors. It was very helpful. With more time or had we gone with cooper and cooper initially, i know we would've had a much better experience searching for an apt. We ended up finding an apt through Craigslist that was cheaper and was better for each of our commutes, but I still wanted to give this review praising kirk and cooper and coopers attention to the client, not themselves. They are people you can trust, especially for fresh out of college graduates who know nothing about NYC housing like us.
I have been working with Quinn Bannon from Cooper and Cooper for about a month now. He has been extremely accommodating, and sensitive of my needs regarding finances and space. I gave him a difficult task--finding a reasonably priced one bedroom/studio in a handful of areas, and I am impressed with his dedication to researching the perfect place. His e-mails are consistently detailed and professional. After working with agents in the city before, I can safely say that this is the most professional, organized experience I have had yet.
My experience with Cooper and Cooper was pretty good. I met agent Jim in NY and he showed me a lot of places. What I liked was that, all the places were relevant and met all my search criteria. Moreover, Jim was honest and not pushy. He gave me his opinion (which I wanted) but did not impose any unit on me. I've met a lot of agents who work for commission only but Cooper and Cooper seems to be one place that works with you and for you.
I recently signed a lease for my ideal apartment (large renovated studio on the Upper East Side) thanks in large part to the help of Cooper & Cooper, specifically Candice Pennefather. I have already started spreading the word about her and the firm because I think they were such a great find -- through Yelp, in fact. Let me start off by saying that I had previously spent 4 full days searching on my own during an apartment hunting trip the week prior, as I'm relocating back to Manhattan from Chicago, and it didn't go so well. I wasted a lot of time, money, and I got into a bidding war, lost an apartment that I would have loved, ran into scams, came across brokers who were incredibly rude via Craigslist, you name it. After that, I decided I needed a broker's help and started reading Yelp reviews -- I was nervous about fees and horror stories about brokers but gave Cooper & Cooper a call because the reviews looked really good, their fees sounded reasonable according to others' experiences and I liked their website/properties listed. Candice was immediately responsive and savvy when answering my initial questions and sorting through my search parameters. She toured with me the first day I got back into town to apartment hunt again, offering a variety of options across my budget span -- I had also done my homework and knew what was generally in my range and desired area, which helped so I wasn't expecting everything but was hoping for most things on my wish list. Whenever I had questions, she had answers or found them amazingly fast. In total, she led me through the apartment hunt, application process, dropping off my deposit so I was first (breaking my third applicant curse!), interviewing with the particular company I was about to sign a lease with, signing the lease and finally dropping off the lease and check. She gave me updates throughout the process and didn't even mind a bit when my mom and old college roommate (who lives in the area) joined in on the apartment hunt. Candice was easy to talk to and very professional. Overall, it was a minimally stressful experience and truly almost fun (yes, I really just said that!). As another plus, you can tell that Cooper & Cooper wants to do things the right way and that they care about their employees and their clients. One of the owners introduced himself to my mom and me personally when we were there on a Saturday night (!) finishing applications and chatted with us, and one of the owners also called Candice to see how my interview was going with the leasing office. This is a long review but it's all real (I know sometimes people say such positive reviews can't be real) and I'm truly so excited to have an apartment that fits nearly everything I was looking for. I will definitely work with Cooper & Cooper and Candice again and would recommend that you see if they're right for you too. Good luck!
Since I am from Chicago, I spent my first few weeks of my Manhattan apartment search online on Craigs List and Trulia. These turned out to be horrible resources for finding an apartment in Manhattan because every other listing was a scam. So, I googled "Real Estate company reviews" and stumbled upon Yelp's Cooper and Cooper page. After calling the company, I got in contact with Chris O'Connell, and we emailed back and forth a few times about what I was looking for and scheduling a time for me to fly out to NYC. Once I finally flew out to New York and met up with Chris, the search was a pleasant experience. Even while hiking up and down the island in the obnoxious heat, Chris was very easy going, honest, informative, and never put any pressure on me to make a decision (even with a very tight budget and time schedule). Chris educated me a lot about how real estate works in Manhattan, which was great since I was completely out of my comfort zone. Once I made a decision and applied for an apartment, he was extremely helpful in filling out paper work and making sure everything was kosher, even after I flew back to Chicago.   Luckily, I did not experience the horror story that is apartment hunting in Manhattan as I've so often heard. If you're looking for an apartment in NYC, especially if you are from out of town and feel completely overwhelmed by the process, call Cooper and Cooper and ask for Chris O'Connell.
I was referred to Cooper and Cooper by a friend of mine who had used their services. I was a little reluctant to use a broker. We attempted to look for a place on our own which was very time consuming and unsuccessful. We were moving from Baton Rouge to NYC so we needed all the help we could get. We met David on the Upper West Side, and he showed us numerous places within hours in all the areas we were interested in. (something that would have taken us days, if not weeks, to do).  After each place, he discussed with us what we liked and did not like.  He was able to access and show us places we would have never seen on our own. Their broker fee is very reasonable compared to others. Additionally, he was able to show us some places where the broker fee was paid. He was very kind and attentive to our needs. He was very knowledgeable and professional; walking us through all the craziness of renting in NYC. We were only in town for 3 days and found the perfect place in midtown within 24 hours!  I will definitely be using him in the future for any other real estate needs in NYC.
Looking for apartment in NYC, especially from 3000 miles away can be a nightmare. I tried doing it myself, and even contacted other agents, but the service was never up to par. And, after a long search, i finally went to Cooper and Cooper. And lucky that I did! My agent LAURA IONATA has surpassed all the customer service standards i have ever come to expect! She was extraordinary! She responds to calls and emails within minutes! I am moving to New York from Colorado and Laura has done everything she could (and beyond!) to accommodate my long distance apartment search. She went to the apartments, took pictures and measurments for me, advised on prices, locations, answered ALL the questions i ever asked-and trust me it's not an easy task-i'm a super type-A! Laura is always positive, energetic, upbeat, and cheerful.Laura has made this experience a breeze and, in fact, a pleasure, which is a miracle considering the fact that you are looking for an apartment in NYC! My lease is now signed and i'm flying to NYC next week, and in addition to all of the above (!), i told Laura that my flight will be arriving later in the evening, and she agreed to meet me at 11pm if needed to give me the keys! now, that's what i call a superb service for a very reasonable fee (other agents charge 15% while she charged one month rent)! Will be coming back without a doubt if I ever need real estate services again!
Eric Brown recently helped me find and secure my new apartment in NYC. I was working with a tight time-frame and Eric made it happen. He is unquestionably a smart and efficient agent (and lovely person) and I highly recommend Cooper & Cooper if you are looking for an apartment in NYC. From our first conversation, Eric, a lifetime New Yorker, took the time to understand my needs, preferences, and expectations. On our tour date, Eric was prepared with a full itinerary of apartments that were in my price range and made sense in light of my job location and demands. Eric spent an entire day with me traversing the city, checking out many apartments, and helping me evaluate my options as we went along. He was informative and patient, even taking the time to show me what my exact commute would be from various apartments, but was never pushy. He also helped me to ensure that I had all of my paperwork in order before our tour date so that I was able and ready to act fast if I found an apartment I liked. All went according to plan: I applied for an apartment that evening and was approved the next day. I was most impressed with Eric's preparation and honest and patient guidance. He never rushed me or tried to influence my decision, but was candid about various apartments and had a vast knowledge of all of the neighborhoods we toured. He made helpful notes as we went along and would nickname apartments based on my impressions (e.g. "secret one bedroom," "sweet bathroom") for easier recall. By the time it was decision time, I felt I was equipped to make a well-informed decision after seeing many options. This sort of service is exactly what I would hope for from a broker. Finding an apartment in NYC is a daunting task, but this overwhelming experience was made much easier with Eric's help. I also was impressed with the overall dynamic of Cooper & Cooper during my two times at the firm's office. Everyone was professional and welcoming. Bigger is not always better in the world of real estate and Cooper & Cooper is doing it right.
One of the partners reached out to me the day I posted my review and took immediate action to try rectify the situation. He agrees that the costly and stressful last minute scramble I had, should never have happened. I am both surprised and pleased with how seriously Cooper & Cooper considers customer service. They pride themselves on their trustworthy reputation and live up to it, even in my situation. Since I worked with them, they have brought on a Client Manager who reaches out to clients to make sure everything is progressing smoothly with their assigned agents. This would probably have prevented my situation. Now, would I recommend Cooper & Cooper? Sure. I didn't have a good experience but the company has now demonstrated to me how seriously they take their customer service, performance, and feedback. Maybe in the future, I might utilize them again and experience that 5 star service. Tips: If it seems as if your agent isn't doing their job, don't be blinded by the 5 star reviews and give them the benefit of the doubt like I did. Reach out to the company and they'll rectify the situation before it gets out of hand. Also, open the fridge, touch the floor, just because everything LOOKS clean, does not mean the apartment is clean.
Diane Peck is hands-down the best real estate professional I have ever encountered. I would say that she is the only good realtor I've ever encountered, but I met a few of her colleagues at Cooper & Cooper while I was looking for an apartment. In the last 5 years I've lived in 4 apartments between Boston and New York, and have been disrespected and ripped off by the listing agent during every move. Cooper & Cooper's reputation inspired hope for this time, so I got in touch with Diane. I was in a hurry to find a new place with a pretty tight budget, and she made it happen in a matter of hours! Diane treated me with such kindness, professionalism, and attention to my needs that I was in disbelief throughout the incredibly quick process. With just a few hours notice, she set up more showings all over the city than I could have possibly attended, promptly got me into the best listings to check them out, and made sure that my application was the first one submitted when I found the perfect place. Diane is organized and adept at treating customers right, in an industry that all but forbids such common courtesies. Cooper&Cooper has a beautiful office, and the lobby is kept replete with assorted cheeses and snacks. I would normally assume that such cosmetic touches are intended to compensate for something, but in this case, I think the fine cheeses are more a reflection of the quality of Cooper&Cooper's service than anything. Thank you so much, Diane! I will probably be in touch with you in about 9 months.
I truly recommend Alison DiGangi. She paid great attention to everything I asked about, was very patient answering all my questions and very dedicated finding a good match. She is also very responsive and easy to deal with. I will certainly contact her if I will be looking for apartment again.
It really is true--Cooper & Cooper is amazing! We were moving to NYC which happened to correspond with Superstorm Sandy (Fall 2012 in case you forgot).  Fortunately we were matched up Candice.  She was a tireless whirlwind of energy during our entire apartment search. We saw approximately 14 apartments in a few short hours all within our preferred area.  We were in our apartment a few days later.  Amazing! We would definitely use them again.
I moved from LA to NYC, and needed help to find a new place. I found Cooper & Cooper on Yelp and sent an email to the contact listed on their website. Within 15 minutes I got a call from the manager, another 15 minutes later I had the information of the real estate agent who was going to be my contact. \ Ceci Carmichael contacted me right away and we spoke for a long time what I was exactly looking for. Once I had flown to NYC she had everything prepared. We met the next morning and started viewing places. We looked for 2 days. We found the cutest and beautiful place with all the features that I was looking for. I walked into the apartment and knew that this was going to be my new home. Thank your Ceci!!!! I am so happy to have had such a wonderful realtor!
105 reviews and a perfect 5 star rating. Something fishy must be going on, right? Think again. In a nutshell, Cooper & Cooper are the best brokers in New York City. In an industry dominated by characters that make used car salesmen look like saints, Cooper & Cooper bring a human approach to the rental game in Manhattan and put you at ease while shuffling you from apartment to apartment in search of the perfect nook to call home. There's no shady business with these guys, and if you've ever had an experience with other brokers around town, you know 99% of them are probably selling snake oil in their off time. Big ups to Ryan Robles for personally helping me out during my journey. With just a few days notice, he was able to put an impressive itinerary together and kept my parameters regarding desired rent and neighborhood right in line with what I was comfortable with. Within in one single afternoon of viewing properties, I had my favorite apartment locked and loaded within hours. Impressive to say the least. The best!
Diane Peck exceeded my expectations - thank you so much, Diane! When I moved back into the city earlier this month, I was too busy to look for apartments on my own with my intense work schedule. Craigslist and Renthop were too overwhelming and I didn't have time to contact individual brokers showing one building and different management companies. I decided to get a broker to do all of the coordinating and showings for me -  I decided on Cooper & Cooper because of the high yelp rating but also because I learned that they only charged the 1st month's rent for the broker fee instead of the usual 15% of the year's annual rent. Diane Peck was such a blessing during a stressful process - she made the process easier and more enjoyable. I didn't realize how quickly and how personalized my experience with Diane Peck would be until I had keys in my hand only 5 days after I contacted Cooper & Cooper.  Diane is SUPER-efficient and is a wonderful listener. She was more than able to incorporate my preferences (walking distance to work, within budget, quiet street, good nightlife, etc.) into apartment showings less than 48 hours after our first meeting. She is very bright and intuitive and I could trust her immediately - she knows exactly what's she's doing. Since I could not see any apartments during the workday, Diane worked around my schedule and tailored showings after work and during my lunch hour. She was also available via texting if I had further questions upon leaving the apartment and took care of everything from the application fee to lease signing. Diane even contacted me several times after the I moved in to check-in on me that everything was going OK in my new apartment (which I am in love with!).   One thing that I really appreciated was that Diane did not rush me and she was honest about the different apartments we went to - her advice was objective (having lived in the city for over 20+ years she knows the neighborhoods and different expectations of each) and helped me greatly when I made my own decision about where to spend the next year of my life. Diane also was extremely accessible - she texted back quickly even on the weekends and late into the evening and always helped me get to the apartment showing with directions and a positive attitude.   I would recommend Diane to anyone who needs a broker who gets stuff DONE.
This review is for Laura Ionata. Working with Laura was an absolute dream - from beginning to end. We couldn't believe our luck when we found such a responsive and honest broker. I contacted Cooper & Cooper after reading the amazing reviews on Yelp. I was dubious at first, since New York brokers are notoriously incompetent and deceptive. When I first communicated to Laura on the phone, she took time to understand our needs and wants. She was also upfront and direct about our expectations given our budget. Then she promptly scheduled two days worth of apartment showings. During the first day, Laura showed up on time, and led us to 5 apartments. The showings were a bit rough, since a few landlords failed to show up with correct keys. However, Laura never cracked under pressure and kept her cool, and worked very diligently to line up more showings for us the next day. We also saw many apartments without any kitchen ventilation. When we asked if this was the norm in NYC, Laura answered very honestly  that she has seen kitchen ventilation in many apartments in our price range, and therefore encouraged us not to settle. We extremely appreciated her honesty. The very next day, she showed us several promising rentals with kitchen ventilation, and we found an apartment we loved. We gave her the security deposit, but did not sign a lease, since the rental agreement was to be signed when we move in. A few days later, a personal situation came up, and we were no longer able to take the apartment. After explaining our situation to Laura, she promptly gave us back the security deposit as well as her broker fee. It is unfortunate that we didn't end up taking the apartment. We still appreciate all the hard work that Laura has done. We will certainly work with her again once we're back in the hunt. Her integrity and serene disposition truly impressed us.
Cooper and Cooper - Ben Falchi specifically - were phenomenal in my apt search. Really listened to my needs and was thoughtful about the listings. Ben was responsive, friendly, and knowledgable. Highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a new place! Thanks Ben and Cooper and Cooper!
We worked with Sarah Morris when we first moved to NYC in 2012. She was amazing. A friend of ours had referred us to a different broker at Cooper&Cooper and because that person was away when we wanted to meet, we were further referred to Sarah. Sarah showed us excellent places and we only had to go apartment hunting on 1 day before we finalized on the place we wanted to move into. She also found us a no-fee rental. Further, after we put in our application, there were a few delays. The apartment building needed a few additional documents from us and Sarah helped us manage everything so well. And there has to be something said about the 5 out of 5 reviews by all the 114 people before this review!
I sent an email to CC (2 yrs after a presentation they did at my university) and I was paired with a broker who also went to the same university, so I thought that was cool. Brigitte was our broker, and responded within a day or two of my initial email to CC. Just like you I have read many of the other 5 star reviews of CC and thought this must be legit but maybe too good to be true? Since no other business that I have seen with over 100 reviews has a 5 star average...seriously. Needless to say Brigitte was amazing from start to finish. We gave the requirements, and she showed us a few apartments that were within the budget and slightly outside of it to fill up the gap in apt viewing. She worked well for us under strict time restrictions and was very attentive to emails and calls. Extremely short response time was critical in maintaining the apt hunt as we had many variables and issues arising at the most unfortunate times. She was everything you would want in a broker, very open and honest, no bs, and will work with you and your various criteria and get you what you are looking for. Fee was 1 month rent for us.
Even though I am exhausted to death, I still really want to write the review today. It is incredible that Cooper & Cooper has 5 stars while it has been reviewed by 105 people. But you know what..I would give them 10 stars if yelp gives me the choice Firstly, I would love to thank George. I had a great day with him. I have an overwhelming and complicated situation regard of apartment searching, but he made things very simple to me. There are 5 reasons I think you should choose Cooper and Cooper. 1. Efficient. I think they work with you case by case, so you will get full attention when you are there, which means they would solve everything for you immediately. I always get responses from them quickly, and I never feel I need to take time to wait for them for answers or any documents. 2. Reliable. Candice contacted to me in the beginning. Because our schedules dont match, she referred me to George. Candice took every step clearly, and also followed up with me after George got in touch with me.   3. Inexpensive. While the majority of real estate agencies charge 15% of whole year rent in NYC, this company still charge one month rent. I truly felt they didnt want to rush you, and they want you end up with an apartment you will be happy to live in. 4. Happy. On the tour to different apartments, George introduced different neighborhoods and restaurants and also explained the ridiculous subway lines to me. Even though I am almost dead from walking now, I have to admit I believe no any other agency can do a better job than this. 5. Trustworthy. This point is hard to approve, but I just do have this feeling. Maybe I just give a small example. When I sat in the hallway to wait for George, everyone passed by me asked me if I need any help. ( I know people ask you all the time in stores, but this is different! ) Also, I guess some agencies will try to make you to rent an apartment as expensive as possible, but it will not happen in Cooper&Cooper. All the apartments George showed me are within my budget, three of them are even below my range.   Tips: 1. You should tell them your expectations as specific as possible. It helps them to provide you right apartments you are looking for, and it can greatly save your time. 2. If you need to have guarantor, ask them to prepare documents as early as possible!!~ I hope you could come to them, because they will make the overwhelming apartment searching in NYC very smooth  :)
Let me begin by saying that I'm rather lazy when it comes to writing reviews so this is my first one. This review is for Lisa Whitaker, the assistant manager at Cooper & Cooper. My best friend is moving from Cape Town, South Africa to New York city in 2 weeks and asked me to help him find a place as I live in Los Angeles and the time difference is easier to navigate. After endlessly searching craigslist and other Wild West sites, I realized he might need to find a broker. Thank you Yelpers for sending me to Cooper & Cooper! I called right away and spoke to Lisa. I explained that my friend is looking for a short term rental and told her about what I have faced so far in my search. She told me that unfortunately they do not handle short term rentals but she spoke to me about what to look out for and offered to email me a list of reputable websites to check out. I was honestly blown away by her kindness, especially as she wouldn't be benefitting financially from helping me. She then sent me a list along with some great advice and I checked up on the sites she gave me and found some amazing options. When I asked her if the price range was believable for what I was looking for, she emailed me back and explained that she had gone to the site to check up on the listings I had mentioned  and advised me on how to proceed!! WOW!! I cannot believe that there are still people out there who are genuinely this nice. This is truly an example of going the extra mile and beyond it! I cannot possibly put into words how grateful I am to Lisa and if my friend makes NYC his permanent home, he will definitely be calling Cooper & Cooper to find him a full term rental! CANNOT RECOMMEND ENOUGH! Thanks again Lisa for everything!
Ryan Robles was by far the best real estate broker I've worked with. With just a couple days notice, he put together a slate of 10+ great apartments that met my criteria. He also improvised a bit based on my reactions---adding some listings and taking some out of the mix as the day progressed. He was very knowledgeable about the real estate market and patient with my many questions, and he was respectful of my price criteria and didn't show me anything outside my budget. When we found the apartment I liked, not only did he help me with the paperwork to facilitate the approval process, but he also negotiated with the building manager to reduce the rent by $100 per month! Ryan was also friendly and personable, and I enjoyed spending the day trepsing around Manhattan with him.
My husband and I had a great experience finding our NYC apartment through Courtney and Laura from Cooper & Cooper. We were relocating from outside of the area and they took us all around New York over two weekends to help us find the right apartment. They were great at showing us only those apartments that met our criteria and were a pleasure to work with.
To say that Diane Peck of Cooper & Cooper was a great broker would be an understatement. She responded to emails very quickly, and managed to work with my roommate's and mine's very tight schedules. Diane was also more than happy to spend an entire day foraying between the Bronx and Manhattan with me to let me see what my budget could get in different boroughs. She only showed us places that were within our budget and always had bits of history about the location to tell us to keep the trip interesting. When my roommate and I finally found a place we wanted Diane was great at helping us weigh the pros and cons of the place and making sure it was right for us and not just an impulsive choice like our last apartment. She also went above and beyond by helping us take care of an issue that arose after our lease was signed and she had been paid. I would recommend Diane Peck from Cooper & Cooper to everyone and anyone looking to rent in NYC. She will restore your faith in brokers and make your apartment hunting a fun and relatively stress-free process. Thanks Diane!
When searching for a great broker, I immediately turned to Yelp because I figured I'm not the first person to dread the stupidity and frustration that is the NYC rental market.  I was afraid I'd get the unresponsive agent who could care less about my commission.  However, given the uniqueness of NYC's market in which renters (not landlords) have to pay the agent's commission and great reviews from Yelp, I figured Cooper & Cooper was a great bet.   Cooper & Cooper was such a blessing.  Jordan Cooper (one of the principals) contacted me himself in order to set up an appointment and really took the time to understand my needs, requirements, and deadline.  Even though we were moving in about a month, we had to find an apartment that specific week due to other work commitments, which would only leave us one week before our scheduled move.  Jordan set me up with one of the firm's managers (Genevieve) and we met the next day.  Genevieve met with us at our hotel and took us from the Upper East Side to the Lower East Side.  We saw about eight apartments, all ranging in sizes, prices, and amenities.  She was friendly, professional, organized, efficient, right on spot with the timings, and responsive.  We made the decision to go with a wonderful complex in the Upper East Side, steps away from the subway station, within blocks of Central Park and all the renown museums, and more importantly we did NOT have to pay any broker's fee (the complex covered them).  Although it was on the higher end of our budget, we could not be more happy with our choice.  Genevieve even managed to negotiate our monthly rent down and include two years of free gym membership in the building (savings of $1200!).  Jordan personally attended the lease signing in order to answer any question we might have had and show support.  Cooper & Cooper even offered to oversee the movers if we were too busy! In any case, our experience with Jordan and Genevieve could not have been any better.  My wife and I felt like they really cared about us and about their reputation.  Every firm has good agents and bad agents.  But we thank Cooper & Cooper and know we would've never found this complex without them.
We hired Diane Peck to be our broker as I plan to start graduate school in NYC in the fall, and needed a place to live ASAP. Diane was more than happy to help us find an incredible living space within our targeted budget. Diane was incredibly knowledgable about the New York area and sensitive to my needs as a client and as a commuting student (who is not from New York, thus, not familiar with the area). I thoroughly recommend Diane to anyone who is looking for a place to live within the city. She was fun, engaging and couldn't have found us a more perfect place to move into!
