My friends and I happened across this bar while wandering the neighborhood one chilly night.  The bouncers were friendly (I know, this seems like an oxymoron), and gave us a little bit of hard time since our IDs all said California, but they were cool.  Once inside, we explored the three-room bar.  The main room is long and thin with a bar down the side and some seating scattered around.  Through a curtain, next door was more of a dance floor room with another bar, which we stayed out of cause the music was too loud.  Upstairs was a more lounge-y bar area that had some cool seating.  Probably would have hung out here but it was super crowded. We grabbed some seats at the bar in the main room, where we had a good, fairly attentive bartender who really did seem to be working hard.  He poured generously for everyone, and bounced around between making drinks and playing DJ on iTunes on his laptop.  Drinks were a decent price, especially for it being Manhattan.  Overall, we had a good time here.  Nothing fantastic, but it entertained us for a few hours.
Pointless bar over priced typical music lacks character. Good if u r in college n want to show off by taking friends to crowded place.
If you happen to come into this place while a DJ named Jamal is working the tables, LEAVE IMMEDIATELY! Not only will he play bad hip hop, he will be a complete a**hole to you when you try to liven up the dance floor with a request. So what if I want you to play Ciara and do a little 1, 2 Step? Is that such a crime?! Aside from that, Solas is pretty reliable. It's got plenty of space, so anyone can find a place to chill whether they want to drink, talk or dance. I'm all about the dancing. I would suggest starting off at Solas or stopping by on your nightly crawl before you end up at that real good spot. Solas is good, but there's definitely better stuff out there. It's also a wonderful meeting place for the Yelpers Book Group. The big round booth in the back corner is perfect for mulling over the latest read with fellow Yelpers.  Plus, there's that fantastic happy hour!  $3 beers and $4 sangrias, anyone?
Very friendly and helpful staff!! They don't over charge and want you to have a good time. Not always easy to find in New York City, so go here!
I'll supplement this review soon enough, but probably my favorite bar of the 8-10 I went to last weekend in my first bar-hopping weekend in NYC ever.  Good music, Irish bartenders, and 2 different cute lesbian couples making out at the bar. And no one bothering anyone else.  Can you ask for anything more?
I went there last night and thought this bar was absolutely fantastic.  The best part was that one of the bartenders was hands down the best bartender I have ever had.  She was incredibly efficient and attentive and so wonderful.  I would go back if for no other reason than because of her.
pretty decent club/bar/lounge in the east village - clubs are a bit hard to come by in this area. gets crowded on weekends, but i definitely think solas is a lot more charming as a casual place to get drinks on a weeknight/early evening on a weekend. TIPS - no cover, and line moves fast as bouncers basically let everyone in - young to mid 20s crowd, no particular "type" of person, but i would say it's definitely not a hip/trendy crowd, but a collection of average dressed and average looking guys and girls - the place is structured in three rooms - the main/ground level bar upon entrance, an upstairs bar, and a dance floor that's to the right of the main/ground level bar - upstairs gets really loud and crowded, as does the dance floor, and it's the main floor surprisingly that's most suitable for a conversation
Fairly well rounded bar.  Had multiple rooms on two different floors so whether you want to stand around a bar, dance, or chat at a table, Solas offers you that choice.  You enter into a typical narrow corridor NYC lengthy bar.  Once you get around the corner at the far end, you enter a good sized dance floor that has a bar on one end and the DJ on the other.  If you want to dance but never say a word to anyone, this is the place to be.  You probably won't be able to hear yourself think since the music is so loud.  If you want to head upstairs, you'll find another bar with seating and an attached room that I believe has more dancing.  I haven't been in there but I believe there's a bar in there as well.  People here just want to have a good time at a place that's a bit more of a step up from 13th Step which is right around the corner.  It's fairly popular so depending on what time you get there, you might experience a quick 20 minute wait to get in.  Drinks are standard NYC prices and you'll rarely have trouble getting a drink since the place has three or four bars.  It's a nice area to hit up since both 13th Step and Solas are on the same corner.
egh. Really just like that. Mediocre dj that has a predictable music sequence, pretty lame crowd with girls that cant dance, guys who act like trees against the wall. I think the type of people who go there are the ones who don't have the guts to go to a real music spot so they come to a place where they'll find a crowd that looks like them. lame.
Ok. tried Solas for the first time and... I had to book an appointment with my massage therapist the day after going!  I danced for 4.5 hours non stop. The DJ was spinning the best tunes and the crowd loved him for it. What a difference an educated professional crowd makes. The drinks were well made and service was fast. I hope this is a normal thing as i plan to be back again and again and again.
I'm going to preface this by saying: I was here on a Friday night after a long day at work and I am more into a dive bar kind of place than a pseudo-club atmosphere. I felt like I was supposed to feel like I was at a club (the music was too loud, everyone was wearing tight, slutty clothes) but it was just a mediocre bar. Also there was a lot of space but it didn't seem utilized too well...So so many people all cramped into one space = not something I am into.
Love this place.  I've been here a couple times and its always really fun.  There is the upstairs bar if you just want to hang out with friends and the downstairs if you feel like dancing.  Only negative is that it can get pretty crowded & can be overwhelming.
If I lived in the area this would become my neighborhood bar. Two levels with a slightly different vibe on each floor. I came on a Friday night and the ground level was chill and intimate (which I prefer since I can actually have a conversation with someone). Upstairs had several different room full of lush couches. There's definitely more room upstairs and more pheromones in the area. Good mix of people. I came casually dressed and didn't feel out of place. The bartenders were very nice. Amy was my bartender for the night. I now have a favorite go to drink thanks to her. Gin and tonic with grapefruit juice. :) I'm on the prowl to find a similar bar in my neighborhood.
solas is definitely hit or miss and the last couple times i've been, it's been a miss.  to be completely fair, the last two times I've gone happened to be long holiday weekends, where everyone that lives in the city heads out and tourists stream in to take their place.  since solas is definitely not in a touristy location, it probably takes a big hit when new yorkers leave.  BUT, i've gone to solas twice on normal nights and had a blast.  i like that there are two rooms downstairs and an upstairs area too.  i also like that i've found out where the hidden bathroom is upstairs so I don't have to wait in the monstrous line downstairs.  the crowd is chill and the décor is cute.  the bartenders are all really nice too- i told one of them that they didn't make my drink as strong as the previous bartender so he obligingly poured more vodka in my glass.  i had a couple sips of my new fully loaded drink and that's about all i remember from that night.
Great place to lounge or dance with groups. Try not to bring too much stuff with you. There is no room to keep your belongings, and it gets really crowded.
My friend held her 25th birthday here and called two weeks ahead of time to reserve two tables for her group of 15. We arrived and I thought it had a great atmosphere, but as the night went on, I realized that the drinks were weak, it was freezing inside, and the music was bad. That was not even the beginning of it though. Everyone's jackets were on the benches of our table on the side of the wall, and the bouncers came over and said that was a fire hazard and we had to check our coats. They couldn't think of a reason for WHY it was a fire hazard, and since we were perfectly happy with our coats being accessible to us and leaving them at our table for free instead of paying for a coat check, we left them there. A couple minutes later, one of the bouncers came over and started grabbing our jackets without saying anything to us and walking off with them. Once the bouncer started essentially stealing our jackets we decided to leave. They lost the business of 15 people who will never go back there again. I was thinking that Solas could be a cool place for my bachelorette party in a couple weeks but after my experience last night, I would never go back there and would tell others to stay away.  When I am sitting at a table at any other bar the place lets me leave my belongings next to me while I am sitting there, and they certainly do not start grabbing my stuff without even asking or telling me what they are doing.
I came here twice over the past couple of months. Once for a birthday party, and the other times with Lydia. The average of my experience was...well, pretty average. As explained by many reviews, the place has three main area. Two downstairs, and one upstairs. I wouldn't call it spacious, but there are room to move around. The drinks are decent but not spectacular. I really enjoy the vibe and decor of this place. They have separate music systems in each room, which is nice.  When I walked in to the dance room, it was packed. However, I noticed that not a lot of people were dancing. After listening to a couple tracks, I figured out why.  It is around 1:30am or something and it is about time to unleash some club bangers (old or new). However, the DJ seems to be just playing random slow songs mixed with decent techno. The mix did not work well to get people going. The DJ at this place needs to be more consistent. I really enjoy coming here, if the music is better, this will be my favorite bar place in east village. Until then, 3 stars for now.
i love solas!!!!!  no lines, no cover, good crowd for the most part.  i always have a great time here.  it can get really hot and crowded but it's so fun who can blame everyone for wanting to come here???!?!?!?!!!
Solas has definitely become a great fall back venue for a night out. It's always a good time with areas to chill, lounge, and dance and bars everywhere. I've never had a problem getting in and the bartenders are attentive especially if you start talking to them and you aren't a crappy tipper (comes in handy when it's crowded). The crowd is mixed, which I prefer, and people are generally pretty friendly and good looking. It can get REALLY crowded in all areas on Saturdays. The music is pretty good on the dance floor and they usually have a DJ spinning. Solas really is a full service venue with just about anything you could want to do on a night out. Will be back many times.
No cover. No door drama. Top 40 type of music. Perfect when you want to dance the night away without the hassle of getting your friends in. Always a good time!
More of a club atmosphere than lounge. Gets a little crowded, but it is a good location.  Nice music and cheap drinks, what more can you ask for.  If your doing an event, they will take good care of you. Got the couch and table free of charge.   PS don't use the ATM, took my money.
If you're looking to reserve a free table on your birthday, with no required bottle service, Solas is where it's at! I booked tables two days before I needed them, and the process was so smooth! However, the policy when booking tables is that you must arrive before 10:30 PM, and well, who parties in NYC before midnight? When we arrived, the place was woefully dead, and the DJ was playing.....country music?! My girls and I enjoyed our drinks and then booked it out of Solas to bOb bar. I wish we could have experienced Solas in all its bumpin-n-grindin glory, but a definite dance party awaited us in the LES, and we just didn't know if we could get the same kinda love from Solas.
The upstairs rooms are the best part of Solas. One side has vintage, velvety furniture that is comfy and a great place to hang out with friends. I particularly love the red room, where there are big, soft, cushy couches for lots of your peeps to chill out. I have been to numerous parties in the upstairs room, and have held parties up there as well. Sometimes you can bring your ipod and play your own music--just let them know if you are planning a party and they are very accommodating. Here are some pics from Solas--we even did a make a hat out of aluminum foil contest! flickr.com/photos/pample…
Never stepping foot in there again.  My friends tried to reserve a table for their birthday, and when they called, the person they spoke to said that they didn't accept reservations, but when we arrived, early I might add, all three of their rooms were reserved. When we finally bargained and got a table, the bouncer was walking around ripping coats off of chairs and from in booths, and bringing them to coat check... so when you got back to your chair/booth, your coat was gone and you would have to pay $2 to get it back. Ridiculous. Also, the bouncer was extremely rude to my friends and I when we refused to give them our coats. Bottom line: overpriced, weak drinks and rude service.
I absolutely, love, Love, LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! My date and I came here accidentally because we needed to find a quite place to chill and that also serves alcohol. Their happy hours specials are seriously cheap ($4) and their selections are reasonable. After 6 drinks of mojitos and beers between the both of us, the total only came to $24. Wow...I mean how cheap was that!!!! :))) As for the interior, the bar was dim, woody and it was completely illuminated with red lightings to give it a romantic, fun, fuzzy glow. Ultimately, I not sure if I was seeing stars after a few drinks, or feeling the aurora of the red lights or just having a grand old time with my date, but everything that night just felt perfect!!!
$4 Happy Hour? SOLD! After getting drinks at another bar we decided to check this place out. The Happy Hour sign caught our attention. I'm a big fan of Mojitos and they only have them for $4. It was pretty refreshing. They also have red or white Sangria and beer. The place lacked seating and was a bit dim. That was the only negative I saw about the place. All in all it was a very cool place. Since drinks are cheap be prepared to stand so wear comfortable shoes!
I have been to this place only for Happy Hour and the drinks are very reasonable priced. I now know why so many people hang out here from NYU and why most people walk out pretty trashed from this place.
Met up with a bunch of college friends here around 1am on a Saturday night, but felt like I was in a crowded frat party. The space is huge and honestly I love the decor and sure there isn't a cover, but when it's impossible to walk around, there's yet another line to wait in if you want to enter the dance floor....and then the dance floor only turns out to be a giant sweaty mess, it's a bit hard to enjoy yourself. Or maybe I'm just getting old? That being said, the clientele seemed pretty solid and the event planner in me says a private event here could work beautifully.
Solas is always happening on a Saturday night. I have been here several times and it is always jam packed. I wish I could move or dance but it is just too crowded. The speaker system is not the greatest so all I could hear is their bass on the 2nd floor. Drinks here are decent and inexpensive. They don't have a cover either. So this is definitely a cheap hangout if you want to see a lot of people crammed into a small spot with music so loud you have to shout.
One of the birthday spots that my first thought is not 'This F#$%@&'ing place again?'. Every time I go here, it appears to be very crowded until you get to a room that has been reserved for a party. Then it's not so bad. I give the bartenders on the second floor a lot of credit. They handle a huge volume of drinkers and make it look pretty easy. They could probably make life easier by adding a second bar upstairs, but it works. A little nondescript, but a reliable group spot.
From the amount of birthday gatherings that night it seems this place is a Chuck E Cheese for adult birthday parties and I'm very glad I wore my mouse costume (like every Saturday). It doesn't really get going till around midnight at which point you'll either be dancing or wanting to gtfo because it's packed with middle-20s douche with no taste in music but you'll already be drunk enough for the former and won't care. The bartenders have their shit together considering how busy it gets and if you have a table with a mandatory waitress expect to see less and less of her as the night goes on. It's not her fault it just gets way too busy and you can start getting your own drinks at the bar. The rope near the door and asking me what my business that night is when I arrived at 9:30 was a bit much. You're a lounge that serves Stella bro. Keep it real.
This place is great for happy hour, $4 for mojitos, margaritas, or sangrias!  Very chill place to unwind after work and if you wanna bite to eat, bring it in and chow down with a cheap but delicious $4 drink.  Get some pomme frites or a burger from Pauls and you're set for a good meal with some cheap drinks! Come with a small group or bring a date, it really won't disappoint either way.
I planned a birthday get-together here last month and managed to reserve a seating area in advanced by just calling a couple of days ahead. The place gets a bit crowded so if you have a small group, I'd recommend doing the same. There's no cost involved so you have nothing to lose. This is a good place to go in the East Village if you're looking for a bar that plays music and has a dance floor,  but doesn't feel like a sweaty, cramped club. I think they played top 40/hip-pop music but my memory of the night is a bit blurred. Again, it was my birthday.
You know you're too old for a bar when the bouncer doesn't bother to card you and just waves you in. Dropped by on Friday night.  As expected, totally empty at 9:30 PM...dangerously packed at midnight.  Was upstairs most of the night, where the bartender was slammed with customers but still kept her cool and was super polite.  Cheap beers ($6) and generous pours of house wine ($8). Crowd was mixed, although it seemed like more dudes than chicks.  On behalf of all men, can I please complain about how there are ladies' rooms both upstairs and downstairs but men's facilities are only on the lower level?  That's lame.
Came here for the after-party after a wedding, so not sure how candidate this review could be--when we got here, it's empty. It could very well be that the bridesmaid actually got the whole bar downstairs, or it could be it's a Sunday night? Not sure, but I think if it's that empty at 1pm, for a New York bar, it won't last for too long. Hopefully it does better over the weekends. The drinks are pretty cheap, our group got 2 cocktails, couple of beers, and the bill was only $42. The bartender was nice and fast, and smiled every time I talked to her. I like that!
Incredibly fun with a large group of friends. very young and dynamic crowd. It has two floors, 4 sections with different vibes to satisfy different ppl's interest. I went there for Halloween after-party though, so not sure it's fair to say the normal night would be as fun. In any case, given the large space and multi-functionality, I would take my friends back to check it out and dance dance dance again. :)
Came here for a birthday party this weekend--I thought the place was really fun and that they did a great job.  It has a fancy enough vibe that you don't feel like you're at a dive, yet it's still very laid back.  Just a good neutral place to be.  I highly recommend it!
Solas is a great bar for people in their early and mid-20s (like me).  The best thing about this bar is that the dancefloor and bar are separated by a heavy curtain without too much sound coming through.  So, if you want to take a break from dancing to the great music, you can grab a drink from the bar and chat with your friends without having to shout to be heard. Coat check is only $2, but it's at the back of the bar, which means you have to cross the dancefloor to retrieve your coat at the end of the night. This stands out among the many East Village bars that are good for dancing.  If you want to have a fun, high-energy night with your friends, you won't be disappointed with Solas.
Two friends and I went to Solas on Halloween night just after watching the parade in a torrential downpour. The place was packed! We  hung out in the dancing room with the small bar in the back - thinking that was the entire venue. The place is such a mix - with the dancing room with big TVs to show sports (or was that only for the World Series?) and the more relaxed room with the large bar. One room plays more pop and hip hop while the other places House music. I loooove House music. Living in Europe that's all they really listened to and I grew to love it. I just wish we found the room with the House music sooner. Anyways, the drinks aren't exactly mixed by mixologists, but they do the trick. Strong and a good size. Prices are decent, but not particularly impressive. The crowd is definitely mostly Asian and young - but maybe it's not that way all the time? Maybe try the House music room with the large bar out for pre-party drinks then head elsewhere for the main event.
Came her for my friends 25th birthday. The place was ok, spent most of the time in the room to the right of the bar. The music was good, and we all had a really good time. The only reason i knocked off 2 stars was that after we were there for a while the one bartenders tried screwing over one of my friends. Went to order 3 drinks. If I remember correctly he got car bombs at 15 bucks a pop, should have been 45 before tip right? Well she charged his card 68 bucks, and showed me the receipt when I didn't believe him. So i told him to fuck it and don't tip any extra. So he leaves another 5 bucks. Ends up paying 73 for 3 car bombs and the bartender finds us later and bitched him out for leaving a shitty tip. I was shocked. Showed her the receipt for what she charged us and she didn't care. Went on about how cheap he was. Idk what kind of people she was use to serving but a 28 dollar tip on 3 drinks seems generous to me. Besides that it was a blast, and we just got drinks from a different bar from then on without a single problem. But that shady bartender defiantly knocked them down.
Solas was one of the spots a couple of us hit during the 4th of July weekend. Out of all the bars we went to that night, Solas was one of my favorites. It was also the only place with a good crowd since everything else was pretty melo. It's located in St. Marks which is a very cool area to hang at. The Solas, which is located on a side street was live when everything else was calm. Really weird considering that St. Marks is always live. Solas has nice decor and seating. Lights are low and very chill. Could be a spot you take a date to. The music was good but they do need a pro DJ. I don't know if it was just me but the music kept on stopping when a new track was coming on. The crowd was pretty mixed. There were Latinos (as myself), whites, blacks and alot of Asians. Its all goo though. Drinks were ok priced. I read a couple reviews in which people say there are different rooms, we stayed on the main so I wouldn't know. I will definitely go back but this time to party and not just drink.
Missed Happy Hour so On Friday night Just an airy overpriced lounge for groups.
This bar is meh. Yes, literally... I went on a weekend night both times and it wasn't ALL that. There is an upstairs area that is really cool. Spacious & upscale compared to the rest of the place. All I saw were college-aged kids and that is not my scene. Plus one of the times I went it was ridiculously crowded. There was a lot of shoving going on & no one could get out of the place for a good 2 minutes. I ended up screaming & going effing ballistic in the crowd, which actually ended up clearing a pathway for me to get out of that craziness.   I've never been in a place where it's stupid crowded & it becomes a fire hazard. That's insane. And the drinks? Not strong at all.
I don't remember what night I went here, but they had various cocktails for $5 each! Cheap!! This is really short but that's all you need to know!
This is my second time at solas. First time was alright with a decent DJ and nice diverse crowd. This time I came for happy hour for an organization event. I hardly give any places one star. but if i could, i would give this specific bartender 0 or negatives. stay away from the Short Hair Asian Bartender. She was rude and does not have very good social skills that you expect in a bartender here in NYC. the bartender told me that she was not informed about the happy hour deal. So I paid full price for the drink. Then after she started honoring the four dollar happy hour drinks she would not correct the previous mistake when I inquired again.  She would not honor it again and told me talk to the hostess. She was defensive about it and rude. It's one thing when you are explaining but another thing when your attitude is upsetting and offensive. Just when I thought NYC is a service oriented city, it fails miserably here in east village of all places..
I came here once for about half an hour and have never been back since. I was reminded of this experience by a co-worker and have been reminded to never come back. The place was so crowded and reminded me of a modified Joshua Tree which is another place that I won't go to unless i'm in a trashy mood. Something about this place and the crowd just didn't sit well with me.
When your night is crap and you just want to go somewhere and dance your ass off, come here. I've been going here for years and I haven't had much to complain about. Since I don't go out dancing much anymore, when I do come here, I just let loose and have fun. I do wish they did something with the "sweat box." It's the room through the curtains that usually plays the top 40 and hip hop songs. It is always full of people dancing. It can get gross from time to time.
We got here early and this place had a decent number of people there. Overall the place had a lot of different experiences to offer, so you're bound to find an area you might like. Pros: -three unique rooms offering a different experience: 1) laid back lounge (upstairs) 2) average bar (entry room) 3)club/dancing room (behind the velvet room) -not too expensive, $7 rail drinks Cons: -line starts around 11pm -douchey-esque bar
Trying to recollect my night so I can review this place... From what I remember, it was tight (literally, i.e. cramped) inside. Two floors, different music in different rooms, but crowded. The music wasn't very impressive, and they mixed drinks with Monster instead of Red Bull. Overall, the spot is OK. I pass by it from time to time, but I don't stop to pop in.
So much fun at Solas, even on a Sunday night! Kieran, the bartender, was such a sweetheart! I didn't know what I wanted to drink so he made me a yummy custom fruity cocktail to start off my night! Drinks were cheap! Great laid back and fun atmosphere. By far, my favorite places in NYC!
This review is for the happy hour..... The Sangria is pretty good. A little sweet. The mojitos are horrible. There all lime juice. We watched the bartender make the margaritas, it's more triple sec than tequilla & way to much ice so really theres barely any cocktail in it. The bartender (who I wasn't a fan of)  did make the jack and coke really strong. I asked for a drink a certain way, he made it , then made a point to tell me that it's the wrong way. Hey thanks, I know that. I BARTEND.  I just prefer it that way. The music was cool, it's dimly lit, it's inexpensive.  it was a nice place to stop in to with my boyfriend for a few drinks. We'd come back if we were in the area, but I'd stick w/ the sangria if your ordering off happy hour
Came here for a friend's birthday bash. We were told that the back room would be closed for his party, but it wasn't. Plus, I'm not a big fan of dancing - I'm definitely more of a lounge person - so it wasn't great for me. And, it was uber crowded. I don't even know how I got to skip the line WITH A BROKEN SHOE (I didn't even know the bouncer this time) but I somehow managed to get in the club without the group I was with. Oops. But in the end, my friend had fun, as did his friends, and that's all that matters.
Coming here for dancing with friend is always fun but place can get crowed after hours. Drink for happy hour cost around 4 when it's quiet and real relaxing. Most folks drop in around 11ish for the dance part which I love. Place can be a bit strange if you come alone since everyone is kinda here with a group. So pick up not a good place :) Have a drink here and relax.
Pros: 1. no cover 2. generally easy to get into 3. cheap drinks (for nyc) 4. nice bartenders 5. dancing Cons: 1. gets pretty crowded 2. smells like a mixture of BO and a frat house 3. many drunk chicks ( i suppose if you're a dude this could be a good thing) All in all the a safe bet on a friday or saturday night
When you have a group of friends and who want to party on a weekend in NYC this is a great option. Why you might ask? 1) No door restrictions at all, as long as you dress half way decent you're in. Sometimes there's a bit of line but it will move. 2) There's 3 different rooms, really with 3 different vibes. There's the main floor bar/ the upstairs lounge and the dance floor club area. So for whatever mood you're in, you've got that covered. 3) The bartenders/staff are very friendly. Negative star for how crowded it gets on weekends sometimes. As one other reviewer mentioned, it's a decent spot for a date during the week as the lighting is low and there are plenty of seats. Overall, definitely worth a look if you're in the E.Village on the weekend.
This joint's got a very solid happy hour in this part of town.  It's along a very quiet stretch of road, with most people paying attention to St. Marks, so this place may fall off the radar for some.  No matter, the place is pretty chill during happy hour. They don't do food at this place, but they do welcome the clientele to bring a little something from the outside to munch on; pretty cool considering Otafuku is right next door.  Grab a number from there and come here for a few brews, a pretty awesome set up (intentional or not).
Now I'm pretty sure that this is the same Solas that I got introduced to in 2006 or so, where they had free popcorn and delicious hot toddys. There wasn't that crazy frat feel that it has now. But despite that, the staff are great. My passport had fallen out of my pocket at the bar, and they had it ready and waiting for me the next morning! Now this past weekend I went for a birthday party with friends who got bottle service. Its probably me, but their vodka felt like it was watered down or something. No effect after about 8 shots...and yes, I waited for an effect...nothing. Bartenders were fine, suggested some good and powerful drinks. Was full, but it didn't feel to crowded. If I was in the neighborhood, I would go, but don't think I'll go out of my way to get there...basically a run of the mill club/pub with decent prices.
Came here on a Friday night with friends and the place was semi-crowded but as the night grew so did the occupancy.  Solas is a nice place to unwind after work or meet up with friends for happy hour.  What's nice about the place is there are 3 sections; two separate areas on the lower level with one side meant for dancing and the other socializing by the bar.  The upstairs level is great as well you can dance slightly and socialize.  The place was cozy and getting in was a piece of cake; no need to feel like you have to dress extra fancy or impress the bouncer.
Came for a drink with a friend and they randomly had a salsa night going on. A lot of nice looking girls at the bar, cheap drinks, and good music. Good place to pregame maybe.
The bad: NYU douchey crowd (one time, one guy was hitting on my friend saying his name was Borat from Kazakhstan and was trying to use all the classic pick-up techniques), and really weak, expensive drinks. The good: the door rarely has a line and the bouncer is friendly. The bartenders are friendly too. My favorite part is that there are three different areas... if you don't like a song in the hip-hop room, go to the pop/80s room, or go up to the rock area. So start off at Continental with some cheap shots then go party at Solas.
I have only been here twice, but I can easily say that I enjoy this place. Don't like the music in one room? just move to the next section of the bar. Each room has a different DJ that plays different genres of music. I personally prefer hip-hop music, but to each his/her own. The drinks are reasonably priced, considering it is a bar in Manhattan. There is a 2 drink minimum if you pay by card, unless you are going for the expensive drinks. The drinks can be strong, depending on what you get. But I think what makes this bar worth it, aside from the selection of music, is the service. The bartenders are very nice, and even walk around the dance floor to ask for/deliver drink orders. So, in case you are lazy, drunk, tired, or just don't want to squeeze through the crowd of people on the dance floor, you can just leave your order with the waiter/waitress. I'll definitely come back again for the drinks, the service, the music, and the good times.
I love their $4 HH deal. A lot of places do $4 well drinks but here you can also get mojitos and margaritas for $4. Very niiice!  Also, the bartender seemed like a pretty nice dude. I only wish I had found out about the $4 mojitos at the start of the summer. Prior to this visit, I was also there for a friend of a friend's birthday on a late Saturday night. (read my previous review) We didn't stay too long cuz I'm too old for the club-type scene and I remember hating the music at some point as well. It was the same ol' top 40 bs. Would definitely return for the HH though.
The Red Room is a really great place to have a party. Looks very chic, music is not too loud and plenty of comfy seating. You don't have to pay for bottle service or cover! The only not so cool thing was that people don't really dance, and it got super crowded with a younger crowd (like early 20's). They make some pretty good drinks!
Came here for the wrap party of a film i worked on.  it was a tuesday night, which seems to be a great time to go if you are with a big party of people, which we were.  if we hadn't have came, no one would have been there.  they had some great cheap specials - margaritas, mojitos for $5.  i asked the waiter what the flavors were for the margaritas - he said, "cheap tequila! it's $5"  he's thinking what do you want woman, it's $5!! i would def. recommend on a weeknight for a quiet night or if you want to take over the bar w/ a group.
A solid lounge/bar to go to when you're around the area.  The place is pretty big (2 rooms downstairs and 1 upstairs) and it still gets pretty crowded on weekends.   The 2 downstairs areas are normally pretty crowded with a lot of dancing going on while upstairs is a bit quieter and emptier. Not a bad place to go to at all, there's no cover and drinks are reasonably priced.  A good option for the weekend.
Not a bad bar. 8 dollars for cocktials and 6 for beers. Music is decent, bad transitions between songs. Pretty spacious...it's aiiiiiiight ;)
Whenever my friend's suggest bars in the east village I'm always cautious.  It's not that I think there is something inherintly wrong with the place, but rather I feel like a lot of the places tend to lack character.  There are too many non-descript places with the same NYU crowd hanging out.  Luckily, Solas doesn't suffer from this too much. It's a very interesting space in the way it's layed out.  When you walk in the main door there is your typical bar to the left with not a whole lot of room to the right.  When you move to the back there are stairs that lead up to another area much like downstairs.  This area would be good for having your own party as its decently open spaced and somewhat secluded from the rest of the bar.   Back on the main ground floor, near the stairs there is an opening to a big open spaced room with a bar at the back and a big dj booth.  Some random tables are scattered around as well. I didn't particularly love this place but it wasn't like it was bad at all.  The dj's on the two ground floors played different music, neither particularly good, but tolerable.  Crowd was pretty average, few good looking people here and there but overall nothing special. I guess this place is cool if you come with a group of friends, but I feel like you have to important your own fun so I'd focus on going somewhere a little more upbeat.
Great for group outings.   A ton of seating upstairs.  Drinks are reasonably priced. Good place to go for birthdays and if you want to actually hear someone when they're speaking to you.
After Continental told us they were closed and wouldn't let us in, (We didn't want your watered down shots anyways!) my friends and I were left to wander the streets in search of nightlife. It was probably a little past midnight when we heard "Glamorous Life" by Fergie blasting through an open door. Naturally, my bunch of (loud) music loving friends and I rushed to door where we saw a small chalkboard with the drink specials -- $5 red and white sangria and mojitos. Music and sangria?? I was sold. The place wasn't too crowded (Thursday) and the music we heard outside happened to be people singing karaoke. The vibe was a lot of fun, and we ended up befriending a random group of guys and one girl. Of course by befriending I mean singing everything from Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" to Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" to random rock songs I don't know the name of with them. Everyone there seemed to be in a group and they all appeared to be in search of fun. i.e. During a few songs, nearly everyone in the bar took part in singing. Karaoke ended about 20 minutes before closing,but they kept the night going by playing Top 40's. We got a few people to dance. What can I say...I roll with fun people. We only drank the sangria, and I recommend the white over the red. I'd honestly consider going back if I was in the area and had nothing planned. Also, there's some dope photographs near the front that the owner (I think it's the owner) took while out of the country. Good times.
I love this place! Awesome bouncers, bartenders, DJ's and great vibe! Remember, always be nice to the people at the door. If you are a frequent bar hopper like I am, you'll understand what I mean. I want to thank everyone that works here. I drop by now and then to have a drink after work. If you wanna party, come by on Saturdays; it's always jammed packed, both sides of the curtain AND upstairs. But you'll have fun, trust me ... I'm not a doctor =)
I love this place! This is by far my favorite place to go at night. Drinks are reasonable, the people are awesome, the girls are cute.  There's a good mix of girls. They all seem to be cool and intelligent. It might be because they are in the NYU crowd. Music is ok to good. But there's no cover and I always have a great time here. Staff is always amazing and helpful. Happy Hour deals are amazing!  I think drinks are $4 each (sangria, mojitos, among a few others for $4 during happy hour.) I always find myself here with our group no matter where we started our evening.
Happy hour for this place is amazin', 4-5$ drinks.  After those hours, it gets quite expensive. On non-weekend nights, the place is very chill and relaxed.  Very romantic, according to my friends.  You can have a nice conversation sitting at the tables or at the bar.  I tend to come to this place when it's not crowded and when happy hour is on - my go-to spot. On Friday or Saturday nights, the place is packed.  It gets a bit too tight sometimes, and the drinks are expensive.  The crowd is young, probably 20s-30s.  Very diverse in terms of ethnicity.  The music is mixed every night, but usually on the weekend they have contemporary dance/pop. Bottom line, I go during happy hour.
I can sum this place up in two words: sausage fest (or is it one word?)... I've come here twice in the past month - drinks are pretty cheap (and despite the other reviews, I think they are decently strong), good music, mixed crowd and a lot of nice, friendly people. I also have met some pretty decent guys here. The only complaint is that it gets crazy crowded (and hot) pretty quickly. The "big dance floor" is shoulder to shoulder and the crowd can get somewhat pushy. Otherwise, it's a pretty fun place on a Friday night!
Come after 12am. It's quite dead before that. Music is good overall - a good mix of old school and top 40. There is an upstairs area as well. Good thing is that there is no cover charge and no dress code. It's a bar with a dance floor! So  you can get your grooves on without having to worry about gueslists/the way you look. I can't stand those scary and asshole doormen anyway.
I went here last night to meet up with a friend who moved away recently and was back in town.  She picked the place, I showed up first, and had no idea what to expect. First reaction: HOLY SHIT this music is loud.  Like, let-me-scream-at-the-top-of-my-lungs-directly-­into-your-eardrum-so-you-can-sorta-hear-me loud. Second reaction: They're playing HAIR??  Of all the things to blast in a bar on a Saturday night, why why why would you pick Hair?  I mean, maybe if it was some kind of trippy 60s theme night it would have fit a little better, but... not so much. Anyway, I was almost ready to leave and tell my friend I'd meet her somewhere else later, but then we noticed the stairs in the back, and the second floor was so much more chill.  The music was good, and it was quiet enough to talk without hurting your vocal chords.  The tables were all either full or reserved but there was plenty of room to stand, drinks were reasonably priced... all in all it ended up being a pretty good night.  I'd definitely go back to Solas, especially if I could reserve one of the smaller rooms upstairs for a private party.  Seems like the that would be the way to go.
When I first walked in to Solas I wanted to turn around and walk out.  The first room you enter into is very dive-y (which is not my thing at ALL).  They were playing the usual fare- Jesse's Girl, Don't Stop Believing, etc. ...all the bar anthems I absolutely cannot stand.  Luckily my friend and I happened upon the back room, where a dj was playing reggae and reggaeton, which is much more my speed.  The music was completely played out (as in circa 2004), but at least it was better than where we had come from.   The upstairs is a nice lounge area, if you aren't into dancing or having to shout over loud music.  I would definitely not come back here, but I can see a lot of people liking the choice of dive, lounge, and Latin dance room.
LOVE IT! A total neighborhood bar that I would go to nightly if I lived in NYC. The ambiance, music, and service was very chill and relaxing. And there happy hour was pretty cool, $3 draft beers and wells. I'll be back!
Solas is a very mediocre bar with average drinks, music, crowd, everything. It is very big so you can have like 4 different parties going on each with its own people and music completely separate from other parts. The main bar downstairs was where we stayed and we had a couple of drinks (weak patron shots though) and stayed around and chilled. It was a great night to go out (friday) and yet the bar wasn't really that full. There are a lot of groups around having their parties and a mixed crowd (although when I first came in at around 9 it was all Asians, but maybe a coincidence). The music was too loud for conversation and the place, even upstairs, dark with a reddish undertone. I don't know, maybe this will be a good place to have birthday parties because of its great location and chill laid back door and a huuuuge space, but I would go elsewhere for a serious party.
Went here last night for a friend's going away party & after reading the reviews expected a great time - as usual, reviews lived up to the hype. The decor was loungey,prices were reasonable for an nyc lounge, the drinks were generous in size and liquor, the DJ was a hit (we were at the bottom floor so I think it was oldies - always a fan!). Mojito was REALLLLY REALLLY gooood! Fresh mint and all for $9. Everyone else at the table stuck to the deathly Long Island Iced Tea's and some regretted having as many as they did. The LIIT's were STRONG and LARGE for $12 - can't go wrong, unless you black out. Overall - this place is definitely birthday party material, not so much datey, don't know much about their food options, but seems to be a solid place for friends to get together :)
I went here because a friend of mine was deejaying on a Friday night. I think this place has several different rooms you can go into, and I'm not sure which one I was in, but it was on the first floor, on the right-hand side. The room was long, and not that wide.  Not a huge space (but I heard there's another room that's even smaller...yikes!).  It was pretty crowded when I got there (around 12am).  I arrived in time to hear my friend play the last song of his set (he'd been playing since 10pm)...great.  So I made my way to the bar (no easy feat), got a beer, and just chopped it up with him for a couple hours until he went on again.  Unfortunately by this time, it was 2.5 hrs later, and I was ready to go home, lol.  So I still haven't heard him spin a full set. Ok, so what does this have to do with Solas?  Umm, I wasn't that impressed with the bar, but I'll probably go back to actually hear my friend DJ.  Hopefully I can take some company with me next time and maybe I'll have a different (better?) experience. Basics: No Cover, No Line, No "extras".  Didn't seem to be a dress code.
More like 3 1/2 stars. Dropped by here on a Friday night for a dance obsessed friend's birthday party and boy did we have a good time. DANCE CENTRAL! :D If you can overlook the mainly NYU youngins, long ass wait time for a drink, balls to the wall crowdedness and really just wanna dance and let loose .. then this place is for you. Drinks prices aren't too bad here AND they carry Magner's but they'll make up for that by making you wait FOREVER to get a damn drink. This is where the 3-3 1/2 stars come in. Didn't really wander upstairs as it was crazy crowded and mainly stayed in the room to the right, aka the hip hop room. Coat check was $2 and downstairs in the basement. CC minimum was $20 I believe. And no cover, can't beat that! Give this place a shot anytime you're in the area and just wanna dance.
Drinks are not cheap pre- or post- happy hour. They are on average $5 for when it is, but they kind of taste bad. Who charges $16 for a glass of Long Island Iced Tea? If there are few good things about this place, it's the fact that they have a separate room for dancing instead of people crowding in one place. And of course, if you just choose to skip the dance and drink, there is a segregated bar area as well. There is also NO COVER, but that means it does get packed (like any other bars). If you come here around 11:30, you will be able to avoid a long line of waiting. Seriously, go get shwasted somewhere else and come here for dancing. Period.
Reasonably priced happy hour drinks and good size of glasses. Good place to enjoy drinks without screaming conversation. Maybe nothing remarkable about this place, but feel simply comfortable when I'm with friends just to enjoy happy hour conversation. Thus, I've been here so many times. For fri night prime time, this place can be super-packed and you can't even move(well, rest of the nights tend to be quiet though. Every time I come here, happy hour time and regular late night tend to be really slow)
My friends' and my go to place! Great music - they have three areas where DJ's play diff genres. You might just have to stand the whole time if you don't have a table but it doesn't really matter if you and your friends just wanna drink and dance! Don't try to request a Chris Brown song, tried a couple of times, the DJ said no.
Fun for people of all types. Whether you enjoy chillin with a group with drinks, dancing, or hanging at the bar, this place has it all! The dance floor is very fun for people who want to just dance. Outside, there is also a really nice bar for people who want a more bar-y experience. Then, if you have a group and want to sit at a table and chill and have drinks, there are tables upstairs in a relatively quieter place. Would come back - it was fun!
Loved this place, but I can easily see how one could hate Solas. Lots of top 40's hiphop, lots of college-aged kids, and decently strong drinks. Be prepared to hear at least 7 black eyed peas songs. Also, it can get extremely packed. One tip: don't hang out by the door to the coat check, you will just be constantly pushed aside by people trying to head down there. However, there is one funny thing that has happened the last two times i went there. Both times, the bartenders were friendly. One time, the bartender was plain drunk/high. The first time I went, i had about 7 drinks on my tab and the total was $22. I dunno how that calculation worked out. The second time, I ordered 4 mixed drinks and 5 beers on the tab. The total: $16. When i asked for 5 coronas, the bartender handed me five coronas and five slices of lime and walked off without even mentioning the price. Very interesting.
Er, in all honesty I wasn't a fan. There wasn't anything horrible or even bad that happened, it's just that the top floor was blocked off so there were literally 10 square feet of space with some average guys watching the basketball game and no real bar social scene. So I guess what I'm trying to say is, whether you want to watch a sports game or hardcore go out, there are lots of better places. Not to mention, the vodka tasted cheeeap. Not better than smirnoff at all. So that was a disappointment, since the cost was still bar cost.
$4 mojitos. $4 white wine sangria. The above are happy hour prices of course but man are those drinks tasty. I loves me a sweet drink. The white wine sangria is dotted with green granny smith apples and it is so good. I've only been to the early evening/weekday bar portion of this place so I can't speak to what the lounge/dancing is like. I'm pretty sure there are other $4 happy hour drinks besides the ones listed above. Come here for the quick and friendly bartender (the chick with Irish? English? accent), the great happy hour prices and the cute candlelit atmosphere.
I came here on Sukkot, distressed that I couldn't get a rainbow cookie and mini-hamantashen at Moishe's. I only live here three months a year and no WLA Jewish delis carry them. I suppose you can get them around Fairfax, but I'm not driving 30 minutes in traffic for a cookie. My primary residence, Santa Barbara, has no Jewish deli. This is not hyperbole: we have not a single restaurant, bakery or cafe which serves any cuisine remotely Jewish. Gelson's sells challah on Fridays (so does the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf on De La Vina, which is truly weird). And Gelson's has an okay matzoh ball soup (Nana's), located by the Wolfgang Puck salads. Also weird. Arlington Tavern (fine dining) has a great chopped liver appetizer, but that's a restaurant. The lox at Gelson's is excellent but about 28/pound. We do have Norton's, a pastrami place everyone worships, but since I could not care less about pastrami, this helps me not at all. I've missed Moishe's two trips in a row and was so disappointed to see it dark inside with a sign on the door: "Closed for the holiday." This perplexed me, as I couldn't understand why kosher Jews would care overmuch about Columbus day, not to mention the fact that it was two days before the holiday. Three days off for Columbus Day struck me as overkill, but an urgent care in Tudor City was closed Sunday and Monday two years ago when I had a cold I believed to be a sinus infection (go antibiotics!), so I thought maybe New Yorkers are more into this holiday than Angelenos or SB people. Paul, the bartender from Dublin, was the one who told me. He lives in Brooklyn and thus up on his Jewish holidays. I am Jewish but don't celebrate any holidays except Christmas (a Christmas tree Jew all my life) and forgot it was Sukkot. Crestfallen, I made my way to the Astor Place subway to catch the 6 uptown and saw the sign for happy hour margaritas at 4 bucks and figured why not? I am SO glad I did. Paul is a great bartender: he makes strong delicious drinks and has a wonderful personality. I ended up having three. The first was a bit heavy on ice so it was more like 2.5 drinks and perfect pre-workout. I think "Just Do It" is an okay workout slogan, but having a drink makes you much more likely to want to "do it." I am hanging out more and more in the East Village and plan to return. I didn't know there was a back area where people dance. It was early when I went, about 4:30PM I think, though maybe it was 5. It wasn't loud at all, but I'm sure it gets loud later.
I've been to Solas twice so far and my most recent visit was this past sat night. The pros were: no cover, drinks were pretty cheap, and the bouncers were friendly. My cocktail was only $8 and strong - not watered down at all. The cons were the music. I thought the transitions were awful and for the most part everyone just stood there. It's important to go with friends who like to have fun cos otherwise you wouldn't have fun. And there's bound to be a group of dudes trying to hit on girls who didn't come with boys. If that's your scene, then go for it.
My main reason for liking this place is the fact that it has three different sections that you can explore and make your way around when it gets too crowded on the dance floor. The drinks are ok. Not too strong, and not too watered down. There is no cover, the drinks are in the typical new york price range. We came around midnight and stayed till closing time. We met a couple of wonderful people down for a good time. I did not go crazy over it, but its not bad to try. You might just end up liking it.
Hung out at Solas a few times. Not a bad place to hang out and have a few drinks. Usually stop by when Im in the area bar hoping.
I was looking for a place to host a fundraiser event for 50 or more guests when my friend recommended Solas. I could not have chosen a better venue! I had a very positive experience working with Kevin on the details/logistics prior to the party, and he was always very professional and responsive to my emails. Paul was also extremely helpful during my site visits (I booked the private room to the right of the main bar area). I am grateful to him for going above and beyond on the day of the event, and for coming in hours before his shift started just to make sure that I was ok setting up the audio/visual equipment for the video I was planning to show.   Thank you so much Kevin, Paul and the rest of the Solas team for making my event a success - my guests and I were very impressed by  the warm and friendly staff and ambiance!
A nice bar that seems small when you enter the front room, but surprises you with an intimate side room that hosts a Milonga on Tuesday nights and events other nights of the week. Additionally, there is an upstairs space.  Personally, I've only been to Solas for the Tuesday night milonga. I recommend this bar at least for Tuesday nights, an intimate atmosphere for dancing tango and a rather pleasant bartender who seems to know his way around the bar.
During certain occasions, for unknown reasons, the bar tender closed the Solas bar early such as on 10/16/14. There were clearly customers, so I thought it was very rude. I have attended the Solas Bar during the weekends and during Couch Surfing night on Thursday. I think that on certain occasions, the service was excellent. I think people have a right to refuse to tip when the service is bad. When the service is great, the customer should clearly leave a good tip. I have Columbia University alumni in my family. So I did find the treatment to be bizarre. I honestly think that the owner needs to talk to his bar tenders about hours.
I took my friend here when she was visiting the city for the weekend.  I trusted yelpers to help me find a spot that we would both enjoy and where the drink prices wouldn't give my friend a case of sticker shock.  Solas was perfect (thanks, guys!). I loved the fact that there were three rooms to choose from.  When we first got to the place, we weren't exactly ready for the dance party going on in the larger room on the first floor.  So, the second floor's more chill vibe was perfect for hanging out, getting the night started, and having quick access to drinks, as there was little to no line at that bar. Drinks are super reasonable--we were there on a Saturday and no cocktail that we ordered was above $8.  The crowd was pretty cool, though there were some hangers-on on the dance floor, but I feel like you find them everywhere.  There was no line to get in, and the staff is really friendly.  All in all, a solid choice.
If I could give a zero star rating I would.   I had a horrifying experience with a bartender and a so called "manager"at Solas last night.  If this bar wants to be in the business of serving customers, then I would recommend the owners completely overhaul the staff.   It all started when a female bartender served my friend two whiskey gingers instead of what he ordered - two shots of whiskey.  whether it was my friend or the bar tender that messed up the order, i'm still not entirely sure, but i'll give my friend the benefit of the doubt.   My friend politely asked that the bar tender take back the two whiskey gingers, and serve us what we originally asked for.  Under most service related circumstances is a reasonable request.  The bartender begrudgingly modified our drink order, but not before threatening to charge us for all the drinks, even the two well drinks that she took back.  After some pleading she acquiesced, but not before making a snide comment to the effect of: "next time you guys should order separately".   My friend settled his tab in cash, and when she returned his change, based on our interaction with her he made the decision not to include a gratuity.   The server returned from another customer, looked at my friend and I blankly and said "where's my f%%%ing tip?".  Shocked and appalled, my friend explained that while they may be an important part of the bartender's income, tips are a reward for good service, and would not be provided, as she treated us with nothing but contempt.   In an outburst of self entitled frustration and fury, the bartender told my friend and I to "get the f%%% away from her bar" to which I interjected that I would appreciate it if she pointed me in the direction of her manager.  The bartender left her post, and after about 4-5 minutes she returned with her "manager" who immediately began screaming at me because I supposedly called the bartender a "Bi&^#".  This was complete fabrication on her part - probably because she knew that if I were to have an honest conversation with her supervisor about her behavior, she would be at risk of being reprimanded.   What happened next was truly horrifying.  I pleaded with the "manager" (who i was beginning to suspect was another allied disgruntled bartender on a power-trip) to hear me out but he was completely unwilling.  He insisted that I called the bartender a B&^%#, and told me to leave his bar.   As I understood there could be no further benefit to continue pleading, I motioned to exit.  I would have exited under my own control if given the opportunity, but I was forcibly pushed out of the bar by a brutish staff-member who pulled my hair and assaulted me.   In all my years frequenting the bars and restaurants of NYC, I have never had such a negative experience.  There were many opportunities for the staff to treat me reasonably and with respect, they instead opted to unleash on me an unwarranted cabal of lies and thuggery.  If polite and friendly service is high on your list of priorities, I would definitely avoid this establishment.
I had my birthday party here last Friday in the Red Room and it was a blast. Not one of my guests had an issue at the door.  My only gripe is the bar on the 2nd level would occasionally get a tad overcrowded, but that might have been my fault for reserving the room for 30 people and having twice as many show up. Good music, drinks were fine. Bathroom situation upstairs is fine, it says girls only but its more or less unisex. I recommend it for birthday parties, for sure.
I've been here a handful of times with a small group of friends.  There are two rooms, one for lounging, the other for dancing.  I like the fact that there is a very laid back vibe to Solas.  The crowd is friendly for the most part and the bouncers aren't assholes like some other bars I've been to.   They have a live DJ who plays 80's hip-hop, 90's hip-hop, and EDM. Nothing you can't dance to, it's mostly just preference after that. But let's say you're in your hoodie with your baseball cap on and your friends want to grab a drink at Solas...  No need to go home and waste time changing or doing your hair.  The dress code at Solas is surprisingly lenient which is a huge plus for the Summertime. There is also no cover charge! If you're hungry, you could walk a block to St. Mark's for something to eat. I don't have anything negative to say about Solas. It's either you love it or you hate it. It really just depends on who you go with. Have fun and let loose without any high expectations, and you'll enjoy yourself.
Upsides: New Years Eve here was great! The music was a great mix of house, pop, and electronic beats and I really enjoyed dancing with the crowd. The atmosphere was still young, mostly NYU students, but I didn't feel like I was surrounded by underage kids. The drinks were mixed well, in large tumblers and glasses (not the small Dixie cups you get at some places). Too bad NYC has awful prices, $7 for a mixed drink is more than I'd like to pay. Still --- if it's filled to the top and delivered to me then I can't complain. Also, there was no cover, so the pricey drinks aren't really that bad. Downsides: Very crowded -- like wall-to-wall people. I understand it was New Year's Eve, but I'm pretty sure they were beyond any fire code limit of people. I heard there were other rooms to go into, but I couldn't find them or get into them. For this reason, my friends and I left after midnight to find another bar. If they had fewer people, then we definitely would have stayed there longer.
This place is perfect if you've been drinking and you decide you want to go dancing. One side is a college bar atmosphere and the other side is a small dance floor with a bar. The dj plays a variety of songs which keeps the crowd going. It could get really hot and crowded but sometimes its tolerable.
I believe the top floor houses all the nightly birthday parties (my reason for going to Solas in the first place).  There's one small bar serving the entire floor.  It's a little crowded and chaotic to say the least.  The top floor is very much a place to chill and talk with friends.  I, however, prefer to dance... Fortunately, on the bottom floor there's a decently sized dance floor.  The DJ plays top 40 songs (and doesn't remix them so much that I can't sing along to them).  Plus, there's two bars for the floor - one in the dance room and one outside. While the top floor wasn't my cup of tea, I had a great time downstairs.
I've had to come here quite a few times now. This bar definitely has elements that you can't find at other bars around the area. There are three bar areas. One on the main section of the first floor, one in the side room where you can dance, and one in the upstairs, loungey area. I've been in all three sections, and I don't know how to say it - I've never really had a lot of fun. The main section is crazy dark with semi-loud music playing. Good for groups of 3-4. Upstairs, I think you need a reservation, but it's a lounge with a completely different playlist. Music is good, but when I went yesterday, it was basically deserted except for us, which was sort of weird. And then the dance area, I've been to that section twice, and it's been completely dead every time. Hardly anyone dancing, and there are creeper guys that just hit on the girls in your group. Maybe I've always gone on the wrong days, but I would never choose to come here when in the area and looking for bars.
Went here with a friend on his suggestion...the man likes to dance.  I had never been here before, but I could definitely see it as a place to head back to for a fun evening.  It was a one-stop shop as we headed upstairs to a more lounge-y area which had plenty of space for us to sit and chat, although the music was still pretty loud for a more lounge-y area.   But no worries.  We moved downstairs were we nabbed yet another booth (to sit and scream at each, music was much louder) before heading to the dance area.  I honestly didn't even know there was a dance area, as you have to move a giant curtain to get to it.  Dance floor was wayyyy crowded so I don't know how it would be with a bigger group, but we had a good time.  Top hits and such were playing. I like the combination of the lounge-y and dance floor since it gives you more options, so I'll definitely be back one day!
I went out on a Saturday night, and I met friends early for a Saturday night, at 9pm.  It was empty and we moved around the three different rooms of the bar.  When sitting in the lounge upstairs, the place really started to fill up.  When a private party came upstairs, we decided to go downstairs and dance in the room with the dj.  He played a mix of music, and I didn't really want to leave.  However there were some rude people on the dance floor that kept pushing and I couldn't take it anymore.  I left at about 1 due to this.
Atmosphere - 7/10 Drinks - 6/10 The happy hours here are great, but marks go down for the outrageous prices at night ($16 a drink). No cover, 2 floors of fun, and a large club dance floor separate from the bar/lounge area. I've been to better club/lounges but this is probably the best one you'll find in East Village. Can get really crowded at night, girl/guy ratio is pretty even
Solas is a great bar. Their happy hour prices are amazing with beers and margaritas included! The atmosphere is chill and there are larger lounge spaces upstairs. Overall a great bar!
Where the youngsters go, and let their urine flow. I was introduced to Solas by my party animal friend. She absolutely raves about this place, and i have to say I've been here every time i went to St. Marks. Which by the way is pretty often now. It's such a mellow place to be in, it's so diverse and there's three bars in one! One when you come in, one when you go upstairs and one in the other room with a dance floor. This is the place where you can't avoid drinking. Period. The drinks are decently price, I mean it is a bar, but the long island ice tea was a killer for my friend, $16 right out of her pocket. But it did its job. I love how this bar has a dance floor, I'm the clubbing type so I'm used to the dancing scene and they play pretty updated music which keeps my legs moving. But to warn you, the dance floor is pretty small and you will feel like you're dancing with everyone else around you. No air space.  To top it off, this place is pretty fun for the night life. It's worth a go.
Why would you EVER go here? This is just another empty space that is briefly packed senseless on Saturday nights by twentysomethings out for a good time, or as good a time as you can have drinking overpriced badly mixed drinks to the incessant THUMP THUMP THUMP of whatever the DJ feels like inflicting on you. My particular issue with this place comes from a birthday party a dear friend had here not long ago.  It was a milestone event in her life, and people flew in to NYC from all over the country and overseas for the event.  She reserved the downstairs room five months ago, and checked in frequently to make sure the reservation was still good and there were no issues.  She was having the place decorated, and outside catering brought in, and had about 70 people confirmed coming.  All in all, a big revenue night for the club, you would think. Five days before the party, my friend got a call from the club saying they HAD to let the public in at 11pm, which gave us plenty of time since we were starting early so although surprised, we were OK with that. Then they called back and had all sorts of questions about the food and the decorations and she assured them there would be no fire hazards, no risks, no nothing.  We're grownups and aren't going to do anything stupid. So the evening of the party everything is good until the owner shows up and despite the many calls and personal visits my friend made, and the agreement she made with the owner to let others in at 11pm, at 9.45pm the club staff start pulling down the very beautiful hand-made customized decorations and throwing the expensive catered food in the trash, without even asking.  We asked them what the heck was going on and they said they were just following orders.  The club owner was nowhere to be found, so the destruction continued despite everyone begging them to stop.  The beautiful birthday cake was ruined by some goon pushing his hand into it because he didn't think it was real.  At some point the owner showed up to oversee the damage, but he refused to talk to anyone in the group and a bouncer placed himself between my friend and the owner and the conversation went no further. Sitting on the sidewalk outside the club, crying her eyes out, her party ruined and cut short and everything destroyed and thrown out, some kid then came along and angrily started screaming at her because "we" weren't out of the club because "her" party was about to start.  Yes the "public" the owner wanted to admit, cutting short our party, was actually another private party he had double-booked. I left in disgust and went somewhere else.  In the following days we heard more and more of the partygoers expressing their disbelief and shock about not just how we had been treated by the staff before the party was cut short, but by the other facts that emerged later on. Yes you may think I'm blowing an unfortunate incident into a bigger deal than it was, but the fact is this is a characterless hole-in-the-wall most of the time, and anyone considering renting some or all of this place for a private event should consider themselves well warned, and look elsewhere.
I'm consistently amazed at the line for this place every weekend. Its crowded. It's not like the drinks are super cheap. I just don't get why people would come here with all the other options in the area.
When I'm at st marks, this is my got to place for happy hour and late night drinking because it's comfy, friendly and has reasonable prices. The inside is dark with lighted candles or lamps that makes a feeling of romance, peacefulness, and just feeling good. Tho there are music in the background, it's not insanely loud where you have to scream at the top of your lungs which is a plus. After all, you wanna have a good time and not loose your voice. Their drinks are amazing here. I always opt for my margaritas, mojitos and Long Island ice tea! They are fabulous in making it just right, or at least the way I like it. The bar tender there are always lovely. They greet, smile and even chit chat with you for a bit if you needed someone to talk to. Overall this is an awesome place to be at. More to come!
I recently held a private event at Solas and had a wonderful time. Prior to the event I was able to get a lot of help from the owner, who responded to each of my calls and gave me all the time I needed. I was offered a great room, wonderful specials for my guests, and felt that I was a real priority to the ownership. On the night of the event I was given tons of attention by the management and staff at Solas. Management knew who I was as soon as I arrived, and stopped to answer all my questions, help me with set-up, assist me with turning on a microphone and music, and really made sure I had everything that I needed. All of my guests were really pleased with the service that we received from our private bar tender. I heard all night long about how great the drinks were, how everyone loved the specials, and thought the bartender was very friendly and fun.   I really could not have been happier with the service I received from Solas and plan to hold future events there! Thanks so much Solas!
Great music and drinks.
I just checked my Foursquare and couldn't figure out what Solas was.  Yea, I guess it was that unmemorable.  I did appreciate that they had a few rooms and a couple floors - I think it's smart concept to have both chill and crazy areas.
My two cofounders and I chose Solas to host the launch party of our nonprofit, and it was a huge success!  Solas offered us their party space upstairs free of charge, and let us bring in our own food and caterers.  They provided a cash bar with $4 drink specials and an amazing bartender.  We were able to comfortably fit over 100 people in the space, including a room full of auction items and another full of food.  The staff were friendly and available throughout the process, and everybody who came to our event was impressed with both the space and the drinks!  Best of all, the party space was opened to the public once our event was done, so we didn't even have to tell our guests to leave.  Everyone had a great time, and Solas was fantastic in helping us pull this off.
I came here with a few friends because we were in the St Marks area. It is definitely one of the nicer bars in the area. They have 2 floors, the upstairs is a little less crowded and the waitress takes your order. I liked the music they played and it had a cozy atmosphere. Wasn't too crowded and there weren't too many creepers
Always a go to spot when looking for a place with a more lively atmosphere. I have yet to go here on a night that doesn't attract a good crowd. Drinks are fairly priced (though not the best in my book but passable), very spacious seating arrangement, friendly staff, you name it. My only gripe would be that the upstairs area is rarely available, but seeing as how I never intend to stay up there, I don't see it as a problem. Also, the bouncers can get a little annoying later in the night when the dance floor starts to get packed but they don't overstep their boundaries. Definitely recommend it for anyone looking to celebrate an occasion with a decent group or just wanna do something other than chill at a table the whole night.
Nice little place off to the side of busy & commercialized 2nd Ave. I always find that from the bouncer to bartender, the staff is a cut above the others in that area, in courtesy and service. Happy hour is nice for mixed drinks, but a real party scene is going on Fri & Sat nite, so get ready to dance your butt off.   I jaded myself  after doing that more than a few times there, but I'll def keep it on my list since good dance music (hip-hop w/some mix) and floor  is not really avail in the east ville otherwise.
I actually had a lot of fun at this place.  It's not the best but the dancing/music were pretty good.  It took awhile, and at first the dance floor was empty but it finally got going and crowded, I'd say by midnight. The bar in the other side was pretty divey, which I'm not a big fan of though.
If you are in mood to see some crowd, peppy mood, friday/sat night and no cover than better head over to solas. although it can get a tiny bit crowded and you need to take breaks to breathe. also the music is predictable through fun. everyone seems to be in the mood to dance.
Pretty dope little spot.. the bartender was awesome and the music and atmosphere is lovely... if wanna grab a cold one in a cool environment this definitely a spot to check out...
I have been here plenty of times and always have a great time! I even held my 21st birthday here, and although I can't remember half of the night haha, it was still an awesome time. Pros: It has great music, a little bit of everything and puts you in the mood to dance. There are also two floors, with the first floor being split into the bar where you can grab a drink and just chill out with your friends. The other side consists of a smaller bar area but a big dance floor, where they play more pumpin' music to go dance like crazy. The second floor is also big and has another bar and a couple of room with seats, couches and of course; a dance floor! Drinks are reasonably priced I'd say, I do remember grabbing a long island, which was a little bit pricey I remember but it was a pretty good size and got the job done. Cons: The second floor is not open at times and the dance floor on the first floor can get really packed, where it is uncomfortable to dance - let alone walk anywhere! This has happened several times but you gotta make the best of it. Overall, it is an awesome place with a couple of defects, but I'd recommend to drop by and check this place out :)
If your looking for a BMO (bar make-out) then this is the spot for you! Always a fun crowd of singles ready to MING-LE - prepare to prowl but also be aware that this bar is within NYU territory so if your over 25 make sure you ask how old that cute young thang is before you wind up in dorm room
I've heard a lot about this place from multiple people/friends and finally had the opportunity to go when my two friends held their bday night here. They had a room for their Saturday evening fiesta and apparently all they had to do was call in advance to book -- no $$ or anything. That's cool. I wasn't there all night, I was only there for about an hour and stopped by en route to some other places my friends and I had already planned on going to, so by all means I cannot account for an evening spent here, nor really that much outside the room our party was in. I'm 26 and it seemed to be a younger 20s crowd. I even met some dudes who admittedly were under 21 -- one was there for his 21st birthday. I'd describe it as "that" kind of crowd overall. There's a downstairs and upstairs (our room was up) and it was decently crowded around 10-10:30, though not packed. The drinks were well-priced but really weren't anything special and from what I remember were kind of watered down. Eh. People kept wandering into the room our party was in wondering what was going on. It was nice to meet new people but at the same time kind of defeated the purpose of having your own area. They played good music -- old school & new top 40s jams so there's always something you're familiar with. I'd say it's a fun place to stop by but not really a "wow" kind of place....kind of a good stopping by on the way to other places kind of place. I'm sure I'll try it out again sometime but won't be pining to.
We had a party here last night and Erica, our bartender, was absolutely fantastic. This place made sure we had a good time and we will definitely be back!
Fuckin terrible. I felt like an overly dressed up sardine surrounded by other awkwardly moving sardines. Good place to go if you are dressed like you don't care about life and are under 25. Enjoy!
great spot to dance and drink a little.  No cover,  mixed crowd and awesome music dance and electronic. I had a blast!  They have an upstairs part as well next time ill check it out
i like the different rooms and the hip hop music downstairs. the crowd is okay and the mojitos are slammin'. still, something about this place just doesn't tickle my pickle. my main attraction and adoration of this place is... there's something for everyone. a room to lounge and drink, a room to dance your a$$ off, a room to hold someone's hand and have an intimate moment with, places for rendezvous and decent dance/house/80's music.
4$ Mojitos, yes please! I was there on a Tuesday evening. Came there around 6pm and it was maybe 10 people inside. Left around 8.30pm and it was about 30 more people there. Bartender was friendly and fast. They have great happy hour. From 4pm till 8pm 4$ Mojitos, Margaritas, Sangrias and draft beers. After 8pm they switch the prices to 5$ ( draft beer is more). I've only tried Mojito. It was good, but not that strong. I didn't even expect it to be strong for 4$. Haven't been upstairs so can't comment on that. They also have another room on the side. It had different music playing than the main room. They have Tango and Salsa nights there. See that a lot of Yelpers complain that is too crowded on weekends. If I come here on a weekend, will write an update.
Love this place, cheap and strong drinks, great music, plenty of space to roam around, no cover.  The outside staff are awesome too.  I lost my phone and it magically appeared in the lost and found.
This place has good vibes and music, but my drink was too sweet. However, the drinks are decently priced, no more than $10. Had a great night here, packed and crowded on a Saturday night. After awhile, I decided to give the other neighbored bars a go. Its a great atmosphere. Solas is surrounded by bars and restaurants so its a great place to stop by, dance and drink a little bit!
In the interest of full disclosure I must tell you three things that may or may not have infuenced my opinion of this place. 1. I showed up a wee bit intoxicated to start with. 2. I was with a friend who was a friend of one of the bartenders and thusly I enjoyed heavily discounted strong drinks. 3. A very cute British girl's tongue. All of the above reasons are typically the main ingredients to a recipe for what I call a good night. Due to that I am inclined to rate this place quite high but also due to my Yelping integrity I must also hold back full judgement until such time as this place has delivered consistent high performance. Thus this establishment earns itself a nice 4 star rating since I am neither indifferent toward it nor do I adamantly love it. That said I will share the few things I liked about this bar. 1.It features if I recall correctly three separate rooms each of which feature different music so one can change his/her atmoshpere simply by walking up a few steps or going through an archway.   2. The crowd is young, friendly and for the large part didn't seem very B&T. Some people have problems with youthful crowds but I sure as hell do not. 3. The bouncers were all pretty laid back and there certainly was none of the pretentiousness at the door that some places like to create. (Don't make me stand on a line which is cooler than your lounge.) 4. Lastly but certainly not least, the quintessential prerequisite for me to enjoy a bar, fast and friendly bartenders. With around 1-2 minutes of wait time your drinks would be delivered with enough speed that you could return to your friends quickly but with just enough delay that you could make an awkward introduction to the cutie on your left.  I would definitely recommend spending some time at Solas the next time you happen to be out for a night of fun in and around St. Marks. May it be a good to you as it was to me.
Solas is definitely a guilty pleasure. Seriously, you feel so guilty for going that you want to throw up. Actually, that's from filling up on the cheap(ish) drinks and/or making out with Solas regulars. Nothing but that bump and grind. I personally think that the music is usually better outside the designated "dancing" area, behind the velvet curtain. The "dancing" area typically has some obscure EDM, and not much diversity in song choice, whereas the bar area and the upstairs has a basic top 40's playlist, mixed with some other dance hits. Pros: Big spaces, no cover, cheap(er) drinks, decent pre-game spot, and isolated sitting areas Cons: Terribly crowded after 10pm, questionable clientele, unmanageable shame of being at Solas Come here if you're throwing all caution to the wind and you just DGAF. Your best bet is coming with a huge group and taking over the large back room upstairs.
Not much to say, a typical st marks bar. It has a okay-dance floor and the drinks are okay. Good for a quick stop to see if its a good crowd and maybe grab a drink if its popping. It is really hit or miss.
To be totally fair, I came to Solas for a Couchsurfing meet up so we had our own secluded room in the back behind the curtain so I can't really speak on the crowd. No dancing this night (it was a thursday). The atmosphere itself is kind of blah... nothing special. The bartender was really friendly and looked like she was happy to be there -- which is refreshing. My drink was nice and strong - I normally stick with honey whiskey, but I was feeling extra girly this evening and went for a cosmo ($13). It is easy-ish to have a conversation at this place... the music wasn't piercing for once.   Perhaps if I had gone during happy hour or when the dance floor is open I'd be more inclined to give this place 4 stars, but other than the people that were at the meet up this place is just not something to write home about.
This review is for wednesday salsa night which is held in a separate room from the bar. The place usually gets crowded after 10. I might be actually going there a lot more this year because the place  is becoming increasingly popular. They have one of the best  Dj's. He always puts the right songs at the right time. The sound system is excellent as well. Well,the room is not that big but there is some space to dance most of the time. The crowd is diverse,dancers  of all levels. They always have a lot of drink specials,which is a good thing too.
I usually end my bar hopping nights here. Younger crowd here (think college/early 20s) so be aware of that. Relative cheap drinks compared to bars in the area and the upstairs area is really nice. Great music but small dance area located on one side of the first floor.
This happens to be the place...the "local bar" for my friends and I....and it's here where everything is going to be ok:)
Came here for late night happy hour to the weirdest atmosphere around.  Rick Ross blasting inside the place with one of the worst margaritas in the city. With an awkward bartender.   Environment has a serious identity crisis! If you like hip hop and straight sour mix this place is for you ;)
Perhaps because I've been sober the few times I've been here, I cannot say I LOVE this place. It's ok... I find it unusual how empty it begins and how quickly and packed it becomes during the night.  Despite the multiple rooms and floors, it somehow becomes a sweatfest within seconds.  I also feel the upstairs floor is strangely designed, such that its awkward to get drinks or walk around from the stairs to the bar to the rooms. Regardless, I do have fun while I'm here- probably because of the friends I've been here with not because of the actual space itself.
This place would have probably gotten 4 stars if it weren't for the sour attitude of the bouncer. We arrived there for a friend's birthday party and the bouncer turned one of our male friends away for "being too drunk" and told us to come back in 10 minutes. Funnily enough, said friend was NOT drunk and we were in a large group of girls, but for whatever reason, the bouncer decided to give our friend a hard time. Uncalled for and rude. Snooty bouncer aside, the club does play great music, but expect to be packed like sardines unless you have a room reserved for a party. I had a lot of fun but the bouncer's attitude really left a bad taste in my mouth.
Love this bar!  They have happy hour until 7 for $4 any draft beer and on the weekends this bar converts into a club where all the NYU peeps come out to!  Very cool and their upstairs lounge area is nice to hang out at!  Definitely was my favorite nightlife spot during my trip to NYC.
Good cocktails, nice atmosphere, good place to spend evening with friends!
i guess it could be a hit or miss, but each time i 've been (3), it's a hit. easy door, laid back bouncers, bartenders, and 'security' guys on the floor - no one wants to give anyone a hard time or make you or your guy friends feel like you don't belong, which can be refreshing for a place where you & your girls are most likely going to dance! odd lay out that seems to work - 2 rooms on the first floor, one long narrow bar where a lot of the guys hang out and a dance room with a dj that plays hip hop and pop music all night long where all the jappy girls'll be dancing.  second floor is more laid back, with one room being mainly a bar & standing, the other being old couches and more loungey feeling. i get that they're trying to make it something for everyone, and they almost succeed. great spot to host a birthday party as if you call beforehand they're really accomidating about giving you and your friends some space. (coat check is ALLLL the way down in the basement, boo)
Worst bar I've ever been to. I've been there 5-6 times cuz I was broke these days. If u r not, don't go there. 1. Rude & racist bouncer (and he is black lol) 2. Takes forever to use bathroom. I wasted 20mins. 3. Horrible music. Dr Dre? R u kidding? Are we in 90s? 4. Sex ratio. 7:3 or 8:2 sometimes. Never coming back here again.
I just had my birthday party here and honestly cant say a bad thing about this place. I really wanted to stay away from places that I've been to before. You know, those that required a list, a crazy cover, a specific time of entry, or a ridiculous deposit for one bottle and service to all of 7 people. This place was everything I wanted in a 25th birthday celebration and more. I dealt directly with Kevin who made the process smooth and painless from start to finish. He reserved one of the rooms upstairs for me which fit about 50 people. The music was perfect, the waitress was amazing and everyone, including myself had a blast! I absolutely LOVED it and will be definitely be coming back again in the very near future.
Late night HH after 8pm = $5 mojitos, 'ritas & sangria! Chill place, next to a Japanese Tea House probably same owners. I would definitely come again with my chattier friends who are more into good convo than random and awkard scamming on dude(ttes).
they pour a nice Guinness and there's no cover fee. but apart from that it's awful. dull music selection, overcrowded, and incredibly pushy bouncers. the crowd was generally obnoxious as well. some brat was on the main floor telling people they had to move because it was her birthday. good for a laugh.
Went there on a Saturday night and here is my review. Ambiance: This place is interesting because depending in which room you are, you get a bar or lounge vibe. It seems like upstairs was more low key while downstairs is where the dancing is happening. Crowd seem mostly white and Asian upstairs but more mixed downstairs. Drinks: I had rum on the rocks and it was $10. I guess average downtown prices. Service:  So I found someone's credit card on the floor and it turned out the waitress dropped it on her way to charge a bill. How do you lose someone's credit card? Smh Music: If you do not like techno/house/trap do not come here! Yes they played old school reggae for 10 minutes, but other than that it was strictly techno. I myself, love techno, so I must say the music selection was really good. So to summarize, only come here if you like techno and bring some cash in case you get the waitress who loses credit cards.
This place is a great spot to either just hang out and grab a drink with friends or party it up in the downstairs lounge.  I like this spot because there are many different vibes all within this place.  Its a low key bar as you walk in, a small little dance club in the room to right and its a low key lounge upstairs.  If you aren't looking for this place you can easily just walk by as its tucked away on 9th st.  Its located in a great neighborhood where there aren't too many places to dance in the village.  This is a young crowd every time I have stopped by here but its fun nonetheless.  Its pretty easy to get in if youre willing to wait as this place is really big inside and people are constantly coming and going.  With no cover charge, why not check it out?
Another one of those bars that I always seem to get drawn to by others. I don't think I'd ever start a night saying to myself "yea, tonight's a Solas night" - it's just not that kind of bar. Instead, as many have noted, Solas is the kind of place people will have a birthday (I've been to two in three months), or head to because they think there will be dancing (girls). I don't really mind Solas, it actually can have its high points. Still, the high points of Solas are always the people you go with, rather than the bar itself. Solas is two levels: the first level, made up of the bar area and back dancing room, and the second level, usually where birthdays will be held, consisting of two smaller rooms in addition to the main bar area. It baffles (and slightly impresses) me that Solas always seems to packed on a weekend night, but I almost always find it hard to move around. Despite being so full, it's usually not too long a wait to get a drink; the beer selection is lackluster, and the drinks are standard, if a bit more expensive than other bars in the area. Something that's been mentioned in previous reviews is the number of glasses broken at the bar - for some reason, I see a glass broken here every time I go (most recently this past weekend). I don't know why this is, nor will I try to guess. Ultimately, if you end up at Solas, you might have a decent time. It's not my kind of bar, but it's not bad at all.
Spacious and chill.  Drinks are kind of weak.  Mojitios are tasty.  On weeknights, they put glasses of smartfood on the table, which go surprisingly well with beer.
Seems like a huge crowd of college kids.  The music was ok... They were playing EDM, but a mish mash of it.  The bar seems a little limited on alcohol selection.  Overall, it was an ok place to hangout.
No cover. Every time I've been here i've had a great time. Great music, great crowd, good place to come and dance. Pretty spacious, there is a bar area that is narrow and then a curtain separates another bar/dance-floor. Can get very crowded, but what fun place doesn't? If there is a line, it moves pretty quickly.
Cramped, nothing special, rude staff
Was upstairs for a friend's private party and am a fan! The space was perfect, sexy, good sound, nice layout- the bartenders were friendly and courteous and the prices were right. There's no food but you can bring your own in. I would definitely consider this space for a future party.
I went to Solas to attend an event hosted by a New York City based Technology Accelerator program.  Generally speaking, at these events young tech entrepreneurs will dress with polos, jeans, and sneakers.  Some even where baseball caps and hoodies.  I attended wearing jeans, a button down shirt, and sneakers.  I was greeted rather aggressively by someone who identified the place as being his.  He informed me that my dress was not acceptable, even though it was acceptable for others.  His approach was wrought with an attitude that suggested that I didn't belong there somehow.  I was made to feel uncomfortable right away and will never go to this place again.
I have to drop my previous 5 stars down to a 3 simply because two drinks comes out to $24.00 and that's not including tip. I will never go here unless there is a happy hour or I pregame before I walk in.
I went here for an event. It was okay. It did not look clean at all to me. There was a weird smell in the upstairs area. I was not feeling that at all. It smelled like something was rotten. I like bars that offer plastic cups, because I am against drinking from glass. Glass is often not cleaned well in bars. Anyway, no plastic cups. Wack! However, the sangria was good. Only 4 bucks. It was sooo dark in there though. I felt like there should have been a movie screen with a movie playing, with how dark it is in there. I know bars are not highly lit, but how are you supposed to socialize in darkness. This place feels creepy. The bartenders were nice, but the staff looked sketchy. I will not come here again. Too dungeon and dragons, harry potter kind of feel and atmosphere for me. 1 star for the Great Sangria. However Sangria can not save a dark dingy bar.
i love this place. i have been here just to dance on a regular weekend night and i have also hosted my birthday here two years ago.  and it is always a good time! it does get packed, but the music is so good.  everyone is down to dance so it is a lot of fun. learn to pick a spot in front of the AC because it does get hot and steamy in there. and drinks are really resonably priced, i bought two well drinks and beer for $20! if you host your birthday here, you can reserve a table without having to do bottles or a tab, which is always a plus when you are looking for a stress-free birthday.
Solas made my 24th birthday. I worked directly with Kevin to secure a nice spot for me and my group - he was kind and very accomodating, even when i found myself in an ankle brace two days before the celebration. Giving us a table downstairs and near the side entrance was no problem (THANK YOU KEVIN) The DJ is great and will keep you dancing all night long, and the drinks are strong and reasonable. I couldnt have asked for a better birthday party. If you go say hi to Jenny the bartender and tell her shes beautiful! Thank you Solas!
Occassion: One awesome friend's birthday party Day/time: Friday night Price: free room reservation, no cover for our guests (not sure about walk-ins), reasonably priced drinks Music: pretty good current R&B, hip-hop, top Z-100 danceable songs We had reserved the "red room," which is located upstairs and is fairly big. It can definitely hold 30+ people without having people rub against each other when dancing. There were plenty of seats on one side and a bare floor to stand, mingle, and dance on the other side. We went early (10PM?) since we were with the star of the party. It was very quiet and empty at that time. I believe it was towards 12AM when it started getting packed. If you don't have a reserved room, be prepared to be squished into sardines especially around the bar. I think many of the negative feedbacks were from people who walked into the bar without reserving a room. It was great for us though because there was a waiter that would come into the room and cater to us, asking if we want any drinks and whatnot. Though we often went out of the room to the bar to order drinks anyway when the waiter was nowhere to be found. The only thing separating our room from the main bar was a curtain and people outside of our party kept trying to come in, but that wasn't such a big deal. We ended up staying there until they closed and kicked us out, which was around 3-4AM i would say. This is my go-to backup place for big parties. My criteria for a good party isn't a big one. As long as there's space to breathe, good music, and economically friendly drinks, that's all I need. Oh and a table/ledge (?) to dance on.. which I ended up falling off of so maybe not a good idea.. but it was definitely a good idea at the time. Overall, awesome fun place, good times with good friends.
This place was pretty good.. We ordered off a $5 drink menu all night and the drinks were actually really good and strong. There was a salsa night going on which was a Wednesday so that was fun if you are Into that.. But the actual bar is separate from the salsa event which I didn't like bc I wanted to hear that music and enjoy it. The music in the bar sucked and was boring. One of the bar tenders who was a tall, bald white man made a very racist and rude comment to my friend who was visiting from another country. If the bartender hadn't done that I would have left with nicer things to say about it.
Great place for a cheap mojito
I've been to Solas a couple of times, so I decided to review this place! If you're looking for a nice night out that won't put a huge dent on your pocket, Solas is the place for you! Best part of Solas= no cover charge!:) So there are 2 floors and a number of different rooms you can dance in. All the rooms play different music which is nice! When you get tired of one place, just skip to another place. The upstairs bar can get really crowded. In fact, Solas in general gets pretty crowded on a Friday night probably because there is no cover. Drink prices aren't too bad but if you're looking for a cheaper option there is a dive bar right around the corner(continental).
I really love the vibe of this place and that they serve sangria.  However the mojitos are much better but be careful, they creep up on you!  During off nights this place has really affordable drinks for happy hour.  During the weekends it gets pretty crazy in here, always end up having a great time.
Really fun place- hit this up ok a Saturday night. It's kinda small and cramped, but the music is really good (dance/house) and the crowd is fun and crazy. Friendly staff, no cover, and around the corner from some AMAZING drunk food.
I've been here four-five times, mostly when my friends drag me here. Doormen are polite and there's no hassle for guys to get in since there is no cover. The crowd is mostly mid-20s. Drinks are priced pretty reasonably, but bartenders are inconsistent. I had one drink that had no alcohol in it, followed by another drink from another bartender that was almost all alcohol. The music is awesome and there's a room downstairs where you can dance. If you want to talk, go upstairs and chill in the more lounge-like area. So far, everything seems good, right? Except for the dance room and the bathrooms. I have genuinely never seen dirtier bathrooms in my life. I felt like I was going to contract tetanus or some other vile disease simply by opening the door to the bathroom. Solas, please invest in a bathroom attendant or at least someone who can take the bathroom trash out so that paper towels aren't entirely covering the floor. There was also no soap on one occasion. Disgusting. Secondly, the dance room is just one hot, sweaty mess. This is generally how dance floors are expected to be, but at Solas, you have the additional problem of people spilling their drinks everywhere on the dance floor. This not only makes the floor sticky and slippery but increases the chance you'll have a drink or two dropped straight on you. One time a drunk girl spilled a red drink (cran vodka maybe?) on the back of my white skirt and I literally looked like that girl in the seventh grade who got her period in gym class and didn't know it. Classy. Also, it is way too hot on the dance floor, and there are napkins on the dance floor, straws everywhere, etc. My nightlife consists pretty much only of dance clubs, but this place killed my mood to dance. I would come back, but maybe I'll stick to the lounge area.
This place was pretty good.. We ordered off a $5 drink menu all night and the drinks were actually really good and strong. There was a salsa night going on which was a Wednesday so that was fun if you are Into that.. But the actual bar is separate from the salsa event which I didn't like bc I wanted to hear that music and enjoy it. The music in the bar sucked and was boring. One of the bar tenders who was a tall, bald white man made a very racist and rude comment to my friend who was visiting from another country. If the bartender hadn't done that I would have left with nicer things to say about it.
WOW! I never reviewed this place!? Never!? This is gonna be fun!!!! I came to this page thinking I would update my last review However, I apparently never wrote one...interesting...who knew? Came here in March for birthday celebrations Bouncer turned us away..."Private Party" was his declaration We turned around and he let us in 5 minutes later Guess he lied...kinda like most dictators Months later I returned and was turned away Same guy said a "Private Party" was in play today Came back 10 minutes later and he let us right in Dude not only forgot our faces, but didn't know lying is a sin Came back last week, same guy said "Private Party" My brain hopped into the Delorean, went back in time like Marty I can't believe this guy always uses the same story He must always restock his Bull**** Inventory This time we didn't even bother coming back I'm sorry Solas, I liked you years ago, but now you're wack We always come through for some brews to spend stacks But you always gotta get all "exclusive" so you ain't get jack Keep it up and one day this place will have 1/2 a star There won't be anyone to say "Private Party" to...as they walk into other bars "Spanish expression "a solas" meaning "alone" or "in private"" Empty bars are very lonely. I'm sorry. Maybe that is what you are aiming for. So long Solas.
One of my favorite bars in the East Village! Awesome happy hour, really good drinks and friendly bartenders.
The bouncers here remind me of those old school WWF wrestling action figures (the ones with long hair) and look like they would kill you starting with your face. Turns out they were friendlier than they appeared. The crowd is diverse and no doubt a hotspot for local students. There's different music on each floor/ dance area which I really liked. Liked the DJ's set on the main floor the most (house, top 40, hip hop). If you're not into dancing then they do have small dive-y areas to chill. Drinks are reasonable. Seating wasn't a problem but then again I went for a birthday so it was probably reserved. Had a good time here.
Recently had a surprise birthday party thrown for me at Solas, and can't speak any more highly of the venue. Perfect from start to finish. The space we had (the private room next to the upstairs bar) was terrific, and we were able to hang out there for the entire night until people started to trickle out. Big ups to Kevin for helping out with all of the planning! My fiancee said that he was instrumental in every aspect of the planning, and was extremely accommodating and helpful. Thanks so much to everyone at Solas for a perfect night! Also, we loved the tunes  :)
Stopped here while bar hopping on a Friday night. We were all very underdressed, and this place seemed more like a club than a bar. We all liked the vibe though, and the music that night was better and louder than a lot of other bars we visited. Not sure how much the drinks were; seemed like it would be expensive? Upstairs there the vibe mellowed out a bit with reserved tables spread out. There was a lot more space up there. Didn't stay for too long, but enjoyed the music while we were there!
Great time at the bar / lounge / dance floor. We ordered 4 shots and were accidentally only charged for 2. When we told them we should pay for the 2 extra shots, they gave us even more shots! :) After I returned home, I realized I lost my ID. I checked back at the bar and it was promptly returned. Altogether, an absolute great experience and service.
I had my birthday party at Solas and ended up having a great time and wonderful experience.  I had never been to Solas - I decided to reserve space there based on other yelp reviews.  The experience was incredibly smooth and easy - something that rarely happens when booking space for a party.  All I needed to do was given an estimated count, date/time and a credit card to hold the reservation.  Someone called me a week before to confirm and when we got there for the party - we had a great room to ourselves.  It was like having our own party room!  the waitress was great and overall, a great time.  Drinks were reasonably priced and no attitude or pretentiousness. I noticed the bars got really crowded but enjoyed the music and thought it was fun. I would recommend Solas particularly if you are having a party.
I have been to Solas at least 4 times and rarely do places get my repeat business! Things I love: 1. No cover 2. Awesome DJ...plays a great mix of top 40, house, throwbacks and hip hop 3. Young and attractive mid-20s crowd, actually a lot of attractive guys 4. Very decently priced drinks that are quite strong 5. Staff and even the bouncers are extremely nice 6. It's a great alternative to a club if you just want a chill night to drink and dance It does get very crowded as well as the bathrooms, but welcome to New York people!
I came here after being so bored at the fist club I went to, where everybody was so much older. I stepped into Solas, and omg, there were actually young people! Yay! I threw my coat on a chair nearby and headed to the bar. A sex in the beach cost me $7 or $8 which is not bad. Then the dancing began! It was pretty packed, but not packed till the point that you were constantly grinding against other people who you didn't want to grind. There was actually enough space to dance in. I had such a good time here! Funny things I saw that night: an asian guy passed out on the table and her friends were trying to open up her handbag to take her cell phone, probably to call her parents or something. There was a guy next to me who kept looking at a girl, trying to get her. He was very patient, he stood there for at least 30 min, and even the guys around me began to feel bad for him. That girl he wanted just kept talking to some other guy. And the best thing of this place is that there is no cover! And when you are tired, you can actually sit at the tables... without having to worry about irritating waitresses forcing you to have table service.
2 bad experiences here. The first was an unfriendly bartender who made my friends and I move upstairs from the table downstairs where we were sitting. Once upstairs, we were told the spot we had chosen wasn't acceptable either. DUDE. Also, they charge more for drinks upstairs than downstairs. Why? I don't know. Tonight I was there for a party. There was no bouncer out front so we walked in. Bouncer appears and starts screaming at us for our IDs- dude, not my fault you walked away. Didn't apologize, just acted like it was our fault. We had a table booked upstairs. The waitress was completely incompetent. Took forever to bring cocktails. Brought me a completely different drink than what I ordered (I drank it anyway but still.) 2 drink minimum to use a card- whatever. I went to close my tab and she sassed me "2 drink minimum, you only had 1". I had had two drinks, I told her. "Woops!" she said. If she screwed that up, who had she charged my drink to? This place is what people think of when they roll their eyes about East Village bars. Overpriced and they think they're so cool. Stop. Just stop it.
Came on a Saturday night to celebrate my friends' birthdays; after 11pm, it gets skin-to-skin crowded. Drinks are not expensive, and the music is OK (where do you go nowadays where they DON'T play Beyonce and Lady Gaga?).
Solas tends to be the default for whenever my friends are in the St. Marks area at night, and it usually doesn't disappoint. I don't have much love for the bar areas (1st or 2nd floor) themselves but I'm all about the dance floor. Enter through the heavy black curtains right before the stairs, and no worries because no cover! The space isn't huge but its also not a closet. After 11pm, get ready to sweat because it gets packed in there and music is pretty fist-pumping/ass-shakin good (whatever your bodily reaction may be), at least from my experience. Drinks are also decently priced, which is a nice bonus. I think well drinks are about $6-$8? Can't remember exactly but I remember them being cheaper than the norm.
The bouncer outside was extremely nice. A draft was $6. They have a bar area, a dance floor and an upstairs with another bar and tables. The bathroom line for females was typically at least 6 people long whenever I tried to go. It has an area for everyone and if you like both bars and dance clubs. The dance area was extremely air conditioned, so it wasn't too hot.
SOLAS!!! My girls and I love this place! Like love! I mean every time we go out, we're like I wanna dance, let's go to Solas! Solas is the perfect way to end the night because there's good music, a dance floor, and some pretty cute guys ;) Their drinks are nothing special but you don't go to Solas for the drinks. You go for the dancing, people, and atmosphere! I love how it's so chill and you get the best of both worlds - dancing minus the nightmare of clubbing plus the ability to have a convo like at a lounge! Perfect :)  And they have happy hours offering $4 sangria, mojito, margaritas, and draft beer!
My friend had her birthday party in the red room upstairs.  We had a blast.  It was a big awesome room where we could get our party ON.  It was close to the bar where there was an awesome bartender.  Can't say I remember how much drinks were...but I seem to think it was reasonable. Great place for a private party!
I am still not over the bathroom situation at Solas. Me and my bestie who's a guy wound up using the bathroom at the exact same time... strangest experience ever. I do not know why the second floor bathrooms are like this. But it's weird. Very weird. I am truly shocked there's no glory holes. Ahem. Aside from that, Solas is a chill place in the East Village with cheap drinks (top shelf Bacardi and coke was only $8) and a cozy private room on the second floor. I definitely recommend reserving this room for a group of more than two people because otherwise, Solas gets packed!! The crowd is what you'd expect, young ladies and the old creepers that love them, along with a few bro-ish guys. It's more like a 3.5 star place though because 1. those effing bathrooms and 2. they kept repeating the same songs over, and over... like Nicki Minaj's "Starships". All the cheap drinks in the world couldn't wash that out. Brotip: Arrive early for more space and a less awkward bathroom line.
I liked this bar.  It's 2 levels- the downstairs can get crowded, but we were at the upstairs for a party and there was plenty of room to breathe.  It's more loungey up there, in the sense that they have furniture, but it still feels like a bar.  A nice place to have a b-day.
Crowded. Swanked. Planked. Ughhhhhhhhhhhhh Saturday night does not hold well in this place. Remember how the Japanese stuff people in the train? Yeah, it's like that, but only three times worst. Arrigato MOFO.. First floor wasn't that bad but if you decide to be adventurous and travel to the 2nd, bring an oxygen tank as well as a fan. Wanna breed mold? They got you covered with the climate of the 2nd floor. Feeling cold? Come to Solas's 2nd floor aka the Heat Pit. Drinks are decently priced and semi-strong. Be weary thou, this place become a shit show after midnight. Bartenders are cocky as hell but hey, i like em feisty. Perfect place to come to if in the area and if you're already twisted on 10 jack and cokes. 2 1/2 stars. I've seen worst but been to better.
they have Reyka Vodka...2 stars minimum for that. they play music other than standard club music at times...1 star for that. Beyond which, I cannot say anything was getting me off. When you come a bar with your girlfriend and you're already drunk, it's inevitable you're going to have a better time than you would under any other circumstances. I mean, if i were single and I stepped into here with a friend SOBER????....Forget it!   Left hand severe chaffing for a week. Regardless of either scenario, one look at 8 Asians standing in a circle, signing the lyrics to The Beattles "I Wanna Hold Your Hand" and my insides began to shrivel into useless piles of common elements: Carbon and Water. Solas has two separate areas...with two separate vibes: 1) Subdued Asianic Bro's set to Stevie Wonder: The one on the left...a bar that plays decent music for Asians to boogie down to in a long narrow bar setting. 2) Sassy & Slutty Dance Floor Dorkiness: A more club scene where the typical sonic offenders make Asians dance and sign. Sharon are you Asian? NOPE. Are you sure...I think you're Korean.
Where does one start ha ha ha... Pluses * the drinks are cheap... * they have a pretty young but cute crowd * generally more women than men (major plus) * cute bartenders Minuses * the music tends to suck!!! I mean really really suck lol someone said old school? I would love to know the name of this school to cancel the class lol... its it worth the effort? lets see... * no cover * cheap drinks * parking can be a pain (but if you're going to be there for more than twenty minutes, just pay for parking $31, this off-sets the no cover charge) *cute girls... generally more girls that guys!!! * oh... the bartenders are pretty cute as well! its your call... for me... if i want a good cheap laugh, i'll swing by again...
Split personality? Perfect! Solas seems to cater to ppl who like to dance for an hour, booze and yell for the next, and then chill out on couches until they accidentally fall asleep and proceed to get thrown out on their respective asses. Aside from that, it's a good place to schlep a group of friends who can't seem to make up their minds on where to go. Something for everyone. Less whine, more whiskey.
Great Happy hour! $4 dollar sangria, mojitos and margaritas from 4-8pm. Perfect atmosphere to catch up with old friends if you come early because you will have the place all to yourself. I came here with a group of friends around 6 and we had the entire back area to ourselves. We made it our own little private party with lots of sangria and I mean lots of it. The bartender was such a nice guy and he made sure our group had everything we wanted all night. If you're hungry I usually wouldn't recommend coming here because they have no kitchen but the nice thing is,they offer menus so you can order in from some surrounding resturants. We ordered mexican food for our group and continued our night at solas since we didn't want to relocate. We noticed that it gets a bit more crowded after 10pm and they actually start the pump the music at around that time. I can't speak for how it is later at night but I can say that you will really enjoy happy hour here with a good group of buds!
came here a few times while waiting for my table at ippudo (it's a great way to kill those 2-3 hour waits. they have this green milkshake i've been intrigued by & wanting to try. they also have an awesome happy hour. happy hour had just ended one time and the bartender was nice enough to let us slide for $4 mojitos =) this place has a very cozy, semi-romantic, yet lively feel to it. it's a great drinks place for a date, where it's not so loud you can't talk, pretty enough you don't feel like you're in a dive bar, but casual enough where you feel comfortable. and at night it turns into a club! went here for a birthday and to my surprise, there are 2 rooms upstairs, and a separate room downstairs where you can dance. i would definitely recommend this as a go-to place if you want to have a good, casual, fun night- for just drinks or to go out.
Typical overcrowded and too loud bar, only here the bartenders are miserable and condescending. I would not recommend.
The bouncer has a terrible attitude!!' The well built guy guarding the second floor first told us to keep moving when we were not obstructing the walk through, then told us to not put a coat on the banister ( that's understandable) but with quite an attitude, when we went downstairs he told us it was a private party and would not let us back in when our friends were there and he saw us already before with our friends. Definitely an attitude issue there. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE
Again, I've only been here on Halloweens and on one NYE night. No cover and because of that, insanely packed! I think the drinks were pretty weak, as I had 2, and nothing happened. The music is my kind of music to dance to. Top hits that will get everyone jumping up and down, but sometimes, it's so packed that you can't even do that, let alone raise your arms up. You'll find yourself swaying in place... When I went on Halloween, I was barely able to move. Crowded as hell, and some douchey, drunk guy just pushed me and I yelled at him. My friend noticed, and pushed him back. We almost started a fight with the guys there. Then 10 minutes later, an actual fight broke out between some guys. After awhile, we just left because it was just insanely packed. NYE night was ok. It wasn't as bad, but that's because when we got there, it was 3am. I went with a guy bud and my best friend. Some Asian girl who was dancing with a really skinny and nerdy guy started to hit on my guy bud. Kind of a funny sight because I'm thinking, are they together? Maybe he's her wingman. But yea, she tried to dance with my friend, but didn't get lucky. After awhile, some brown guys started to hit on my best friend. They were old, and one of them was very short. Maybe they should try to find a place with people more of their age. My friend and I tried to block them off, but the shorter, older brown guy kept going at it. When the club was about to close, he kept trying to talk to her and actually gave her his number. Gross. Anyways, Solas is ok, but if you're gonna go on a major going out day, be prepared to be crammed in. It can be too loud though, but at least it's the good songs blaring into your ears. I don't know if I will come back here. I guess I'm feeling kinda old to be hitting these scenes...
the room that wasnt' playing bruce springsteen was awesome.  they had these cute booths and the music was actually pretty good. the waitress recommended this cheesecake martini which i didn't like (but then again, i don't do martinis), karen had this chocolate drink which was really sweet (literally) and the waitress brought us some hershey kisses on the side.   i would definitely go again.  they were really friendly.
I've been to Solas probably more times then I can even remember. It's pretty much the only good lounge/bar I can think of in the St Marks area. It's the only place I've ever been drunk enough to forget to close my tab - for half a week! It may not look big but there's about 4 different sections at Solas so if you aren't feeling a particular crowd or person, you can easily move on. The main bar area is where most people hang around and it's mostly standing room only with two tables in the back. Through the heavy curtains near the back to the right of the stairs you'll find a lounge space with its own separate bar and tons of tables and a crowd of dancing people. Upstairs you'll find a more intimate setting with smaller tables and another separate bar. Just beyond the bar is a smaller room with seating along the walls. I've only had good experiences here especially with the personnel. The bouncers are nice and the bartenders are awesome to talk to. For my friends and I, our favorite bartender is Paul from the main bar. He's a cool fellow. The music and the drinks are great here.
This is one of the few bars in the city that has male clientele over 5'6.  Just sayin'.
I think I've come to Solas for one of the last times.  Sadly, I think I'm starting to feel too old for the "post-collegiate" crowd that frequents this bar.  And by post-collegiate, I mean one or two years fresh out of frat-house partying. I really used to love coming to Solas when I was 22-23, but now I can't help but be annoyed by the crowded bar, horrible drinks (with lack of alcohol) and whiny 20-something girls and frat-tastic bros that spill drinks on you every five seconds. Maybe this is a cool place if you're looking to time-travel back to college days, but if you're looking for a fun and nice bar for a weekend night, this probably won't be it. However...on the plus side, the drinks were cheap.
I've has two of my birthday parties here and an event for a nonprofit called The Opening Act. All three times Kevin and his crew (Helen and Paul are awesome!) has treated me and my group so well! He gave us the semi-private space upstairs, we got a microphone and the sound system and great service. Loved the $4 drink specials for the Opening Act event. Best of all - Kevin didn't even ask for a bar minimum to reserve the space. Kevin was also very responsive to my inquiries. Thank you so much! I  definitely coming back to Solas for my next event!
No cover, young crowd. Good bar room and good dance room on the main floor. The upstairs floor is wak; avoid that. Good drinks. Good for picking up. Wednesday night Salsa for $5. $5 mojitos (and other drinks) Sun - Thurs. It's a good place, got it?
I came here on a Sunday night and it was a totally chill, relaxed atmosphere.  They were playing 80s music by request, a tad loud but not obnoxiously so, and there were Connect-4 sets all over the bar so I sat around playing Connect-4 and enjoying the $5 drinks (they were having specials on margaritas and sex on the beach among some others).  I don't know what this place is like on other nights, judging from the other review it gets a bit more crowded and loud on Saturdays, and the sign out front said they have Karaoke nights on Mondays, but as far as Sunday goes this place was a nice, relatively quiet bar with cheap drinks and some board games to pass the time -- exactly what I was looking for.
I came here for happy hour (I'm noticing a trend in my reviews *alcohol*) and was pleasantly surprised. I got the $4 mojito and it was good and strong ( which is how i like my men and drink)*boom*
This place is great, good music, reasonably priced drinks and a huge area. While the set-up of this place seems kind of strange, it does in a way add to its appeal. I'll be back here soon
The first time I came here, I was not at all impressed. My friends were super drunk, the dance floor was way too crowded, I felt that drinks were overpriced, and to top it off, we were being hit on by creepers right and left. It was as though every single time I turned around there was new, unwanted attention on us, AND the music was not the best. The second time around, Solas mildly redeemed itself. We went a bit earlier so it was not as crowded as last time. There was no cover, which was AWESOME, and there was a $3 coat check - though not mandatory. I sort of just threw my stuff behind a table. The drinks were the same as the last time, a bit over priced, but the music was SO much better. We had barely any creepers tailing us, and overall it was a much more enjoyable experience than last time. My only complaint was that I went to the DJ multiple times to request songs, however each time I was met with, I cannot play that song in this hour, or I do not know that song. All of these songs were top forty songs that every DJ should know, so I was a bit confused by that. I may go back again, but it's definitely not my first choice. I'd say go with a group, however there's no telling how crowded it'll be.
This place is ridiculously crowded on the weekends.  I was there for a friend's bday party and she was able to reserve a table in the downstairs lounge for no charge.  Pro: Her table was right next to the bar... Con: Too many people crammed into the small space = massively hot and occasionally you will get bumped by the couple next to you dancing intimately... -_- They stop letting people in from time to time (to try to control the crowd), but they should've done that earlier because there was absolutely no place to move or dance anywhere downstairs.  A few of us moved upstairs, which was slightly better because it was not as hot and there was a little bit more space to walk around and breathe.  The only decent space we found was by the stairwell, but because they play different music on each floor & lounge space, we couldn't really decide which beat to dance to since the music coming from downstairs mixed with the music upstairs... Apparently, the different bars at Solas are not equal... they had redbull at the downstairs bar, but not at the upstairs bar... Also, cell phone reception is terrible at this place... downstairs AND upstairs. coat check : $2 or $3. drink prices: it was $7 for a cranberry vodka.
Always fun. One of my favorites. Why? 1. Never charges cover. 2. Good looking crowd ;) 3. Good music. 4. Reasonably priced drinks. 5. Only $2 coat check. 6. Large venue. 7. 3 different bars to grab drinks. 8. Huge dance floor. 9. More than one set of bathrooms. 10. Not too frilly. Decent decor. Typical Friday or Saturday night ... Any friend: Wanna go to Solas tonight? Me: So down. Done and done. Reverse the roles? Rinse and repeat.
I kind of enjoyed this place.  I felt it was pretty laid back.  It was not too crowded, no elitist bouncers, there was a live band which played some background music, and the beer on tap was $6 which included Guinness, Bass, Brooklyn Lager, and a few others.
We came here late at night as a replacement for a club. The DJ plays loads of EDM and it was awesome. Ran into people I knew all over the city. It's an awesome place. Always meet new people that seem super chill. The best part is that there's a dance floor, a bar, and sofas. You can do everything! The drinks are meh, but usually cute guys buy them for you ;) Docked a star for the bathroom....
They have pretty good happy hour specials during the week ($5 sangria, margaritas, sex on the beach and mojitos). The bartenders seem cool. On Thursday nights they have karaoke and on weekends they turn into a dance club that plays a decent variety of music. Overall I really like this place.
You SHOULD go to Solas if: - You're a college student. - You're under 25. - You like slithering through bodies on your way to the bar or bathroom. - You're looking for a one-night stand. - You want to dance to the same Top 40 songs on repeat at every "club." You should NOT go to Solas if: - You're more than three years out of college. - You're looking for a relaxed place to hang out. - You want to be able to converse with anybody. That is all.
Solas is my go-to bar when I am in the area and have been running around all day with my best friend or my boyfriend, just needing a nice place to have a good drink and relax.  We are sort of neurotic vampires and hate the franticness of the city, and love how dark and womb-like the bar can be most of the time.   I have never been here at night, only during happy hour times when they have wonderful drink specials.  The pints are always served up cold and proper--- save for one time I kept getting flat yucky beers :(  It must have just been a fluke though, because it never happened again.   The last time I visited this spot, I tried the mojito.  I don't know if it's always this amazing, as I haven't been back since, but oh my, was that the best mojito I have ever had in my entire life.  The generous portion of muddled mint, the sweetness and tartness... all coming together to create a beautiful green hobbit's drink with strong herbal flavors.  I like lots of mint, if you just like a hint of mint it may not be your thing, but I found the flavor to be wonderfully balanced, yet so vibrant.  It wasn't made by either of the two bartenders I normally see working there (an irish(?) gal, and a tall strong looking lad), but by a very nice hispanic man (sorry for defining him by his race).   I've met some weird people here, I'm not sure if I like it or dislike it.  The last time I was there, the time of the brilliant mojito, this other couple sat across from my boyfriend and I and kept staring us down.  Like literally just looking over and staring the entire freaking time we were there, and talking about us apparently.  Then the girl was getting irate that MY boyfriend wasn't looking in her direction.  And any time I glanced over to the window outside, which was the side her boyfriend was sitting on, his head would turn sharply to look at me, and pose.  It was irritating.  Perhaps Solas is a swinger spot and I am unaware?  Because this has happened a couple of times.  Other fun encounters have been when my best girlfriend and I went and ended up talking to a bunch of rowdy puerto-rican girls all night who schooled us on the lovemaking secrets of puerto-rican women, so that we could better please our men.   Solas has character, there are some things to dislike about it, but I have found that it is a fun balance between being a haven, and a somewhat unpredictable place that will always leave you with a story.  And it's comfortable, dark, well priced, with great service and drinks.  I'll be back for sure.
Ohhhhhh, Solas, sweet, sweet seductress. I've wound up inside of you way too many times, more than I can count. I was usually already pretty damn drunk, and you knew it, yet you still took advantage of me, amoral temptress that you are.  You've got the full package. You're easy to get into. You never ask me to pay.  And just when I think I should try something new, you curl your finger, purr, and, sucker that I am, I always come back for more. Ok, groan-inducing innuendos innu-ending...now. I've ended up at Solas at least 15 times in the past 6 months. I have no idea how or why, but somehow, Solas is the end destination for every damn 20something I know in this city. I'm pretty sure half my med school class has had their birthday party here, and my friends from all other walks of life have each at some point texted me excitedly, 'You won't BELIEVE it but I found this awesome place with no cover, a bunch of bars, and a big ass dance floor all in the same place!! It's called SOLAS!' Goddammit, I know. I know. You can't really fault Solas herself for that, especially because she's got everything you'd want - as mentioned above, there's no cover and there's usually no problem with bouncers or lines. She's got a nice long bar on the left side with some seating in the back. A step through the archway on the right opens up into a spacious dance floor with a second bar, while a quick walk upstairs reveals a THIRD bar along with 2-3 loungey areas. Nice. Drinks are all under $10 and served speedily. The crowd's a good mix of young, attractive folk. There's literally not a thing I can complain about. But my god, if I wind up here ONE more time in the near future, I'm gonna bring a mattress, some pillows, a jar of crunchy peanut butter, maybe a few books, and just freakin move in. Nowadays, when someone tells me they're going here, I actually gag, and it's so sad, because she's really pretty perfect. It's like marrying Mila Kunis and realizing that much perfection every day gets boring for some unexplainable reason. Or maybe I'm one of those people that's never satisfied, always looking for the next big thrill when all I need is right in front of me. Great, now Solas is convincing me I need therapy. See how she gets in your head? So, bottom line: go! It's really great. Just know in advance that there's a 99.9% chance you'll see me there in the corner, incredulously shaking my head, wondering how the %#$% I wound up back here yet again.
Best night at Solas is Salsa Wednesdays! There are salsa classes before the party starts then the night goes strong with tons of Salseros/Salseras rocking to amazing music. There's a small cover but definitely worth it.
$5 mojitos ALL NIGHT S-Th. HELLO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just had my party here Saturday night and it went off without a hitch.  The manager, Kevin, was so nice and helped me thru the whole planning process.  When I got there, the staff was very accomodating and they hooked me up with my own section for my guests.  The music was bumpin' and everybody had a good time.  After previous years of bad bday party experiences, Solas was able to give me a great bday.  It could also just have been the fact that all my friends were there and I was getting drinks the whole nite, but hey, I gotta give credit where credit is due :)
Such an easy, inexpensive and low key neighborhood bar. The dim red mood lighting, board games and happy hour special also makes it a great spot for dates and group shenanigans on weekdays while on weekends it gets a bit lot more rambunctious with the usual East Village weekenders packing into the place like sardines. The upstairs rooms/loft are ideal for birthday parties or private events and can be closed off at the bottom of the stairs if you arrange your event with Kevin beforehand. But it's the $5 mojito and sangria Sunday thru Thursday served out by friendly bartenders that keeps me coming back!
Pretty standard bar in NYC. Nothing special about the atmosphere but there are a lot of different rooms so that's a plus. Lots of dancing if that's what you want but also lots of seating if you want to be a lump. Nothing about this bar stands out but you could do a lot worse.
This seems like a default birthday gathering location for many of my friends. With two floors and several private areas that can be reserved for a party, it's an easy choice in a central East Village location. The music can be hit or miss, but at least it changes from room to room; I've enjoyed many a weekday where they are bumping A Tribe Called Quest or something similarly superior upstairs. However, sometimes you stumble into Solas on a Saturday, and it's Crazy in Love in one room, and All the Single Ladies in another...which I imagine could be a Beyonce-overload for people who aren't quite as bootylicious as I am. Drinks are nothing special, but they are decently priced (especially during happy hour). If you want nothing more than a place where all your friends can fit and drink (maybe dance) and celebrate the wonder that is you, you can do a lot worse.
Def not a good Sat night spot. Probably one of the worst in the EV. Seriously. Overly crowded. Bad music. Just nasty. Had to get out of there.
I was there. I witnessed the Guinness Book of World Records for most bars hit up in a bar crawl broken (171 bars) by a bunch of nerdy-lookin people. It was at this bar that it happened.  Cameras were flashing everywhere, and lots of cheering going on. Luckily, I was obliterated from $4 sangrias, $4 mojitos and $4 draft beers for happy hour so it didn't annoy me. Where were you?
I've come here for a number of parties. It gets the job done. The only notable thing is that it's a big place: there are a number of separate large rooms, each with music and its own crowd.
Two words. Thong. Song. My friends were meeting me here this past Saturday night, and before I even got in, my friends were outside going, 'this place sucks, we're going somewhere else.' That was just the beginning of the end. When I walked in, I couldn't move. It was a constant crowd of people going to the back and then others moving to the front, and since the front is very narrow, if you aren't in either line, you are donezo. The only thing that is keeping this place alive is their drinks, which came in a big glass with plenty of liquor in it. Then, after my first sip, I realized I was still in the midst of hell. That was just the beginning of the end of being inside this lounge, which makes me mad, because this isn't a lounge. A lounge would be a place where people can enjoy their personal space and 'lounge'. I did nothing of the sort. Finally, I dragged my girlfriend over to the side in the front where I thought I could actually breath and thought I could just drink a bit where I would 'enjoy' my time but then it happened. I mean, it was fate. The DJ decided to just ruin my night with horrible songs. Thong Song came on. If I was drunk, I would have thought it was awesome, however, I was pissed, hot, anxious, and not loungin'. THEN! A fat girl was dancing with her gay guy friends and out comes her OWN THONG! YEP! Chug the drink. Out the door. See ya later Thong Song Solas. Also, none of these pictures are relevant to this bar. Nothing is realistic. They must have been taken by people who enjoy this bar, as in, no one with eyes.
This is a review just for the smaller room on the right side. I went there for a friend's birthday party, with a couple of reserved tables. It was Halloween weekend, but the whole area was empty for the first hour except for us. Even still, the waitress was very slow. It was "table service only" but we eventually gave up waiting for her and went straight to the bar. She didn't give us any problems, unlike other places I've been to. Around midnight was when it started getting super packed (it was a Saturday). You could barely move and people bumped into you a lot. We did enjoy watching this creeper guy go around to literally every group of girls and try to dance up on them without saying a word. Other than that, I had no major problems with the place but it also wasn't too memorable. Next time I'll go into the main bar.
I came here to celebrate a friend's 25th, so we had reserved a table. They didn't pressure us with bottle service and gave us plenty of room to spread out. I think our party took up two tables. Cocktail waitress was sweet, and cute. My god, the drinks were so cheap. $8 for a cocktail? That's a bargain! Beers were $5...which I don't really care for or know if that's a reasonable price for beers. The DJ looked like a fugitive and played obnoxious, overexposed Top 40 music all night long. It got so crowded into the night that, a couple of my friends and I were just cornered in that space near the ATM. It got too uncomfortable that we decided to head on over to The Village Pourhouse instead. Would I come back here again? Mmm...probably not. Too much of a younger crowd for my liking.
Oh dear lord this was terrible. Maybe if about 75% of the people left it would be better. Could not walk at all. They should seriously not let people in if it gets that crowded. I don't know how I even ended up with a drink someone must have jumped over the bar and made it for me.
I like that this place has different identities.  But as with all good things, what goes up must inevitably come down. On weeknights, it is a neighborhood bar, but more elegant than your average dive, and that's nice.  Arriving on a Monday night for the Yelp Book Club, I happened on a group of inquisitive-looking gentlemen, more than likely college students.  Yes, yes, I know, I used to be one, and yes I am a snob, and no, I don't like students in my bar.  It is dark in there, a little TOO dark for my tastes, but I'll give it credit as a good place for a romantic rendezvous.  Lots of dark corners for doing dark deeds. The bartender, who is very kind and accomodating, let our company go upstairs into a bigger space for our meeting.  The room was a little dirty and he admitted that they hadn't cleaned up from the weekend.  I am by no means a cleanliness freak, and the place looked good to me, so I mention this for the sake of others (I mean really, denying starrage for sticky bar stools?  Hello!!!  This is a drinking establishment, people).  The room was quite comfortable and there was enough light to see our books and each other.  We could also hear each other clearly, as the music playing on the first floor was not piped in, much to my disappointment, especially when I heard rumblings of this song from my youth that I love but only get to hear very infrequently. ON WEEKENDS, this place is over-crowded, and that right there is damn near my worst nightmare.  The music is fine, the different rooms are fine, the crowd is...um.....OK, but there's just too many people.  It was here at Solas where I first came to the conclusion that, try as I may, I am not that big of a partier, I am claustrophobic and slightly agoraphobic as well.  That does not a good Solas client make. Since Solas does have that very appealing first identity, keeping a low-profile and providing warmth after a cold, hard day at the office, I will give it 3.5 stars.  But you will NOT find me there on a weekend. GO BLUE!
It's unfortunate that the bartenders are so rude and condensing in this place...the space upstairs is nice and great for parties..I would have recommended this place if it wasn't for those miserable bartenders.
Sweet, overpriced drinks,unfriendly staff and terrible music. There's not much more to say about this place. We won't be back.
My friend and I came here on a Friday night a few weeks ago and ended up having a great time.  It was fairly early when we got there so we got a drink and went upstairs to chill.  It was quiet, but the only people there looked/sounded like students from NYU. We went downstairs to the room to the right of the main room where we started chatting with the DJ.  The manager came over and introduced himself and asked us if we wanted drinks (yes please!).  We ended up requesting songs and getting free drinks all night (wicked drunk).  We also made friends with one of the bartenders, Paul, who was pretty cool.  The DJ, manager and Paul were all Irish, which I was surprised at, with a bar name like Solas. The bar ended up being a lot of fun, loved the music and the fact that they played different music in each room.  A lot of college kids, but it wasn't a frat-like atmosphere or anything, so we didn't feel too old.  It was crowded, but not unbearable. My friend ended up booking her birthday here this past Saturday.  We reserved a couch area right by the DJ.  About 15-20 people showed up and we had fun, but it was much more crowded and they kept letting people in the door by the DJ and it was FREEZING outside.  I never even got hot from dancing.  Also kind of annoying because people who were not in our party were sitting at our reserved couches. Our DJ friend, Derek, had another DJ with him who was extremely rude.  He also apparently thought he was Jay-Z because he was wearing dark Ray Bans in the bar.  You're not cool.  Just saying. Paul the bartender bought my friends and I drinks and shots, which was really nice.  Coming on a Saturday wasn't as much fun - too crowded and the music wasn't as good because the DJ was "playing for the college kids."  Lame.  But I obviously really like everyone who works there.  With out without free alcohol, they are all very friendly and laid back.  Good bar for a group, but preferably on a Friday rather than Saturday.
I had my birthday party here (and attended another one as well). The managers are nice and super easy to work with. You get your own room (although others do trickle in but hey, the more the merrier). It's a great place to have a birthday party if you don't mind a little crowdedness. The crowd is mixed, the drinks are reasonable and the music is great. There are huge booths and various rooms. Honestly, easiest bday party ever. Everyone had a great time.
Nice place to grab a few beers or drinks. There's an upstairs too. Bartender gave a free round on the house. And we only ordered a couple rounds by then. Nice. Clean, unpretentious, and doesn't smell.
Came here tonight for Yelp's book club meeting. I've been here before, but it's been some time. Once I located our group I went to the bar to order my Guinness and there was a guy at the bar with his lab mutt mix sitting on his lap. Awwwww love!   The bartender is friendly and saves a great table in the corner for our group. I've never been here when it's been busy but I really enjoy the laid back vibe of this place. Also they have good deals on happy hour if you come before 8pm. Book club is fun!
I only come to this place for happy hour because it's one of the cheapest happy hours in the area. $4 for either sangria, mojito, or margarita - and they're decent drinks. Strong enough and sizable to boot. The ambiance is kind of nice too, very relaxing with dark wood, candle-light, and plush pillows. Oh, which reminds me... it's actually spacious too! This is not one of those packed tiny little bars. One can actually move around while enjoying their cheap drink! Hurray!
Solas is one of the worst bars I have been to in NYC. I went on a Saturday night and the second I walked in, I wish I hadn't. The speakers were blasting at something between "You'll never be able to hear again" and "blood coming out of your ears." The place was packed with mid-20's men all wearing the exact same blue/white button down. However, when I ordered my Jack and coke I got pretty excited as the bartender held the bottle of whiskey over my glass for a solid 5 seconds. Since the drink cost only $7 I was expecting to get pretty hammered off of a few of these. My joy quickly turned to disgust as I took my first sip and realized I hadn't gotten a Jack and Coke, but rather a Water and Water. I consulted my brother who had ordered a gin and tonic, and our other friend who has gotten a rum and coke. All three drinks were INCREDIBLY watered down, to the point where is was 80% water and 20% liquor. Honestly, this should be against the law. Does anyone know if I can report these people to someone? They're literally robbing people.
Came here for a friends birthday during happy hour on a Friday evening. Place was packed and drinks were half off. I come here again on a Monday evening to kill some time, place was totally dead. Bartender was was sweet and has a cute Irish accent.
Why does this place get such good reviews? I went on a Saturday night and it was kind of terrible. The front bar area was SUPER crowded and they were playing strange music that didn't even suit a bar. My friends were in the back room at the couches drinking and looking like they were bored out of their minds. Four random guys were awkwardly trying to dance to the music on the 'dance floor'. We stared at them for a while and then left to go somewhere more interesting.
Had a hard time remembering I went here the morning after, which is sad when I only had about 2 beers that night. Either I'm getting old, or this bar is kind of forgettable.
How do I give less than one star?  I went here to enjoy a night of drinking and dancing to top 40 with a couple of my friends (3 guys 2 women).  But the manager suddenly comes over and accuses of two of my friends who are gay and are dating of literally molesting each other on the floor when they just exchanged a few kisses. Next thing I know, one of the bouncers pulled me by my shirt and all of us were tossed out. Really?  You are going to accuse them of being inappropriate while there are plenty of straight fools getting uberly trashed, grinding away like wannabe lap dancers, and spreading herpes around like it was Halloween candy for trick-or-treaters? Don't support this venue because the manager or owner or whoever that dirtbag was is a complete homophobic douche.  It's people like him who stain New York's reputation.  I love the St. Marks area.  But avoid this venue like the plague.
$4 for a delicious Mojito!  Plus they play good music and they have a fair amount of seating for how small it is.  I've never been here late at night, but early evening is never too crowded.  The food looks good too, but I have yet to try it.  I didn't even know there was an upstairs until I read these reviews, I'll have to check it out next time and write an update.
So, I DID venture back to Solas to give it another shot. And I'm glad that I did. A girlfriend of mine had a bday party here, weekend before Christmas. What was awesome: 1) No problem calling and getting a section reserved (NO FEE for reserving enough room for 20-25 people) on what is a very busy weekend 2) Kevin - the friendly Irish guy who, when I called to make the reservations for my friend, put everything in place for us. He even gave us his mobile # to reach him with any questions/concerns. 3) The music...once it got started. What is still holding me back from 5 stars: 1) The good music took an awful long time to start. Party started at 10, good music started closer to 11...I believe one bartender said something to the effect of "we have to wait until more people arrive before we change the music." What?! Absurd. 2) One teeny tiny ladies room?! Ughhhh. 3) There was some confusion downstairs with the confirmation that our party was upstairs...in the end, it all got sorted out, but it was a nuisance for my friend at the beginning. Also, something neat I hadn't realized during my first visit - the side room downstairs, with a pretty rocking DJ. Not sure if it is for private events or what, but it looked like a good time.
Continuing on with my friend's 22nd birthday celebration, I directed my group out to Solas after hearing its praises. No cover charge is always a great thing. Entering Solas, you get the feeling like you've stepped into a dark manor with black furniture, dark cloth curtains, and limited lighting creating a mood of mystery. It took us ten minutes to realize that the real action was taking place behind said curtains after roaming through the first and second level. Descending down the ramp, you get to a small dance floor filled with your typical NYC melange of characters: drunken college students, ladies overdressed for the occasion, ill-mannered yuppies, and out-of-place gangsta' entourages. Our Rastafarian DJ was playing your typical summer club anthems mixed in with some '80s remixed classes and techno hits. Though, I will say that the more European Riviera trance soundtrack playing in the background of the bar was much more enticing to me. The bar was serving up great drinks at incredibly reasonable prices, the birthday girl got to show off her latin dance technique, I got to pretend that I was a latin ballroom dancer, and everyone, of course, lauded themselves for narrowly missing the queasy dancer in the corner. Bottom line: great night out!
Friend Bday Party on a Sat. night. - Convenient location.  Food, transportation around the area - Easy access (no waiting, no cover) - 3 Rooms (main bar with one DJ, AWESOME AC pumping, 2nd room wasn't as good as the first one, SUPER HOT, AWESOME DJ playing top 40's, 3rd room was just to chill and sit). - Drinks were So, So, Big cups, but pretty much 70 percent juice and 30 percent alcohol (cranberry - vodka).  price.... $ 8.00 per drink. - Population :  A mix crowd of people, so You can bring a Group of mix people and still get a Hook Up mate.  (FYI, a lot of guys than girls). - Space :   1st location (main bar), was a bit tight, people walk in and out and u better be ok with that). 2nd room is more spacious, but NO AIR!!!!.  and 3rd room (top floor) is not so bad. ALWAYS A LINE FOR Restroom.
Came here for a friends birthday party (with Juliet S of coarse!)... and while we attended the same party, I'm not sure they really deserved 4 stars (sorry babe). Got there around 11, and there was a line at the door. it was FREEZING outside and there was NO way I was waiting when we had a private party upstairs! I went to the bouncer at the side door, mentioned my friends party and he let us in... but only after a few annoying glances and jeers from the B&T "ladies" in the line. When I arrived, people were still sitting in the area reserved for our party (who were not with our party) and that wasn't such a huge deal. What I didn't appreciate was the group of Jersey girls who tried to take the table we all had our drinks, coats, and bags at... who were not supposed to be up in the private room area - and the waitresses who would do nothing about it. The drinks were strong and not badly priced. The waitresses were pretty timely and usually noticed when we needed refills. Not sure if this is a common occurrence - but when I went to pay my tab (okay, so I left wihtout my card... but when my friend went to get it for me) the credit card machines were down, and she was asked to wait thirty minutes or pay cash... not very convenient.   Overall, not somewhere I'm headed back to anytime soon. So sorry solas.
Friday was jamming. empty-ish around 10, packed at the witching hour of 12am drinks were strong, bartenders attentive, and a good crowd, excellent ratio...loved the music..not a DJ, I think it was the bartender with itunes cool red room off the bottom floor and comfy seating area room off the top floor I'll be back -1 for no DiSaronno though the knock off Amaretto was decent
Great place!  I met there with my book club last week, and it was just ideal.  Good happy hour drink specials (and good drinks), background music so we were able to talk and enjoy the company, dark but not too dark, and lots of comfortable places to sit in addition to the bar.  Very friendly staff, who were incredibly accommodating as the attendance of the book club swelled to numbers larger than expected.  This was all on a weekday evening, so the crowd is understandably different than the weekend crew.  However, for what we were doing, it was the best combination of drinks and literature.  We will definitely meet there again.
They let us use a roomy corner for the book club (is it still around?), without too much pressure to drink so it's good enough. Guinesses (or  Guinnessi) are 3 bucks during happy hour, so it's a score if  that's your bag. The music is overly loud, and even if it's turned down, bet your ass it'll be cranked to full when radiohead queues up on the 'tenders shuffle (and yes it will, kid A + stuff too, after all Radiohead didn't actually make Pablo Honey). For a mellow ambience, the music doesn't fit, and after asking them to lower it more than once, you start feeling like a tool, and that maybe this place ain't your bag. 3 stars, hey they tolerate us bookies.
I've only come here on a Monday and Tuesday, but its a cool laid back bar for an early week stop off. They have legit drink specials (Monday) and the bartender, Paul, is a really nice Irish bloke. I live across the street, so I'm partial, but I would definitely recommend this place to others.
My very first review on Yelp! How exciting. I think it's appropriate considering this bar figured prominently in the narrative of How I Lost My Virginity On A One Night Stand. :D But that's another story for another time... I came here again last night for the Yelp book club. The bar part was pretty much how I remembered it-- dark, kinda small, neighborhood bar that's not quite dive. And then we went upstairs. I didn't even know there was an upstairs and that makes me really sad. It was a totally different experience. Mellow ambiance of a lounge-type place/red lights/comfy couches...overall very chill. I was here on a Monday night so it was pretty much empty but word on the street is the place gets pretty packed on the weekends. The specials seem pretty awesome. $4 margarita? What? I wanted red wine though and the bartender/owner? recommended the Merlot and the Merlot was delish.
Narrow upstairs by the bar, and volatile bartenders who sometimes gave me probs for asking for water. Many people I know have probs here for whatever reason. Friendly door guy at least. I remember sneaking some Waffles & Duunges past him. LOL
Man was I sad to come to this place during my weekend trip to NYC. I would have been more sad if I had to have paid a cover here, because that would have just made me angry. I guess if you like feeling like you are an undergrad in college again and if your theme song is any song by 50 cent maybe you would like this place. I literally think they played 8 50 cent songs in a row here, and it definitely was not his birthday or anything like that so I have no idea why a bar that tries to look so trendy would play music that definitely isn't Top 40 at all anymore. And this place really is just like a semi fancier frat party because there were people getting it on in the booths and against walls and it just was not hot at all. One couple even got into a huge fight and caused a mini scene as well. Really for NYC this bar should be on everyone's skip list. If you are not freshly 21 years old you will feel old and way to mature to be here guaranteed. But they do at least make very strong drinks ha ha I guess that is the one aspect of a frat party I would like to keep at bars still and they got that one right!
Rude Bartenders who make crappy drinks are a major turn-off.
I like that this lounge is split into two very different areas that are separated by a heavy red velvet curtain - there is the chill bar/lounge on the left, and the more upbeat dance party scene on the right. Solas "the Bar": My rating is more so based on the bar as it's my preferred side of Solas. There is an array of seating, drinks are inexpensive, and the ambiance is comforting. The upstairs area above the bar is cool and secluded and ideal for a relaxed, private party too. Solas "the Club": This area can get a bit crowded on the weekends. I've been here a few times for birthdays and while I had a good time given the people I was with (and we got a table with no bottle minimum), it's definitely the kind of place that you have to bring your own party to... I can't say much for the crowd.
I'm really not quite sure what my opinion of this bar is.  I liked that it was a little quieter than a lot of the other bars in the East Village area.  But perhaps that was just because it was a Tuesday night.  To start the decor was really nice, and I loved the upstairs loft area.  The upstairs area was muffled away from lots of the bar so it was nice if you wanted a quieter spot.  From what I heard the upstairs bathroom was the place to avoid because the sink had some pipes missing and was leaking directly on the floor.  I must agree with the previous yelpers the bartenders are not really friendly.  They really aren't rude but to me one of the best things about a great bar is a really cool friendly bartender.  So I'm not quite sure if I would come back.  Let's face it there are tons of bars in this area.
Solas is a pretty big space for the East Village; two floors, and three rooms to party. It was still PACKED though. I came here for a friend's birthday party, and it was cool that he managed to reserve a table without having to pay for bottle service. Because the club was so packed, I had to explore. The first space as you walk in is narrow, more like the bar area, not too much room to dance. The room off to the side...whoa. If you enjoy Asians grinding and doing inappropriate things on the dance floor, maybe that's the room for you. Upstairs was chill at the beginning of the evening, but also got crowded (the bar was pretty small up there). Speaking of which, what's up with those very unergonomic glasses? The DJ played a very interesting selection of music: probably the only place where I've heard Cascada, Barry White, and Michael Jackson back to back. Two stars because they played "What Is Love, Baby Don't Hurt Me" and my girl friend and I really liked that. Solas was also a learning experience: I now know the official dance moves to "Paper Planes" [via Koreans flailing on the dance floor]. 'Nuff said.
I've been here several times, and have had a different experience every time: Want a candlelit, somewhat quiet place to take a date - Sola's during the week Want a place for cheap and tasty Margaritas and Mojitos ($5) - Sola's Want a place to start off a Fri/Sat night, knowing there will be people but it won't be too packed - Sola's Want a place to end the night, knowing it won't be too packed but also won't be a total sausage fest/meat market - Sola's
Saturday night... Jean: Please hold me, everyone looks crazy and drunk. Xilo: Jean, it can't be alcohol its DRUGS
I love Solas.  After my first review, I probably spent at least one night every other weekend here last summer.  I now visit far less, mostly because all my friends insist they're Solas'ed out and I have to beg, but I still love it.  Yes, it's crowded, and yes, the crowd is mostly fratty YOUNG guys who think it's super easy to get lucky and they're therefore really grabby and gross, but the music is great.  Mostly top 40 with a nice underground or 90s surprise every once in a while.  The bouncer Fouad is a total sweetheart... nice bouncer = lots of extra bonus points.  Anytime I want a night of good dancing, this is the place.  Drinks are also reasonably priced for NYC - a basic G&T or whiskey/soda are $7.  Find a spot on the floor where the cold air is blowing straight down on you and don't budge and boom, you're set to dance your ass off for the rest of the night.
Honestly, I can't remember anything too memorable other than the place was a complete clusterf*ck. People were swarming around like it was a freaking U2 concert with their hands up in the air, dancing to whatever music was blaring through the speakers and really really drunk. It was crazy town. From room to room, themes changed, people changed, and it was like experiencing a different venue all under one roof. I believe there might have been a DJ for each room because each room had it's own soundtrack. How many rooms were there? 5? 7? 10? Honey, I can't even remember and I was S.A. (sober and alert). My head started to spin just as the rooms were spinning and it was impossible to move around, let alone, breathe.  It was like the colorful crazy scene in Moulin Rouge with the can-can dancers, except Nicole Kidman was a NO SHOW. Maybe she could have charmed my friend who was having his birthday celebration there with tunes from Gentlemen Prefer Blondes and Madonna. Maybe if I was intoxicated, I might have attempted to. Despite the absence of a celebrity performance, my friends and I danced away to some old 80's mixes and random songs from Soulja Boy and David Bowie. We were also dancing next to the Ladies' bathroom line and while waiting in line. How classy. Unfortunately, I didn't purchase any drinks from the bar from my lack of income at the end of paycheck period so I can't help you out there. From what I saw, the bar was super crowded at all times. Squirm your way through at your own discretion.
the place was actually bigger than i thought. cool lounge area upstairs and private areas for more intimacy. happy hour is great!! only thing was there was a fruit fly in my friend's drink, but they were more willing to replace it with a new drink. music was good. vibe was good.
I've been here on a few occasions, for their Sangria and board games, but this review is for my birthday party that I had here recently. I'm a busy person, so a birthday party and the planning thereof bring up feelings of tinnitus. Or trichotillomania. See? Nothing bubbly. So after dinner one night, weeks after my birthday, and right before my sister's, we decided to walk over to Solas because it does happen to be a default birthday gathering location. But that's because it's astonishingly easy to book a room. We booked the Sullivan Room. Paul and Kevin made the whole process feel like breathing and not needing to remember much up until the date of. It was awesome, a hot mess, and unbridled fun. We had a whole room for our 40 or so guests who came at varying times, and had drinks while bouncing around to some Top 40 hits.  All in all, non-glossy, low-maintenance, laugh-at-ourselves fun.
I love Solas. I went with a group of friends on Friday night and unfortunately left my jacket in the back dance room. Luckily, it was a nice night, so it was a nice walk. I figured that someone either took it, or I couldn't find it after my 6th drink of the night. I spoke briefly to the bartender (Paul, who is the man) who gave me his card and told me to call the place the following afternoon. Lo and behold, my jacket was there and the crises was averted.
I remember why I don't really want to come here every time I come here. Young 20s crowd, can be kinda douchey. Sloppy. Really dark and hot on the bottom floor. Awkward floor plan on the top floor. The only thing good about this place is the music. The drinks are average price. Not crazy expensive, but pretty watered down. If you use a card, it's a 2 drink minimum. I usually only come here if someone suggests it, but I wouldn't probably recommend this place. It's really only good if you're already drunk. Maybe I just need to give it like 8 more tries.
Just stopped in randomly. I felt the drinks were a little spendy and kind of weak. But the bartender was nice and I liked the fact that it was not crowded and fairly unpretentious vibe. I wouldn't seek it out again but I didn't hate it either.
I had my birthday party here this year and it was perfect. We didn't have a large crowd (about 8 of us) but they gave us ample seating and a table to ourselves. (Plus, they took my reservation without needing a credit card!) The music can be hit or miss, but even during the week on slow nights I really dig the vibe of this place. Apparently they have pretty decent mojitos too...
Main bar last Friday the tall guy awesome the other Irish guy nasty thinks he's better then everyone else GET OVER YOURSELF your a bartender
Maybe the night I was here was some exception, but I thought this place was horrendous in every possible way. The crowd was 18-22 yrs old at the very outside, everyone was hammered and smashing into each other, and the entire place smelled like BO (um, gross). I give this place zero stars, but Yelp doesn't seem to let me post zero stars. Hmmm...
We were strolling around after dinner and stopped in for happy hour. The mojitos were surprisingly delicious, and at such an early hour it wasn't too crowded or noisy. I wouldn't go out of my way to get to Solas, but it's great for before or after dinner drinks if you're in the area.
Usually Yelpers are a tough bunch, so I'm curious how anyone scored this place over one star.  What exactly is good about the place?  The music screeches in your ears, and the place is full of guys.  WTF...  I overheard my friend say, as we were leaving the upstairs... "I think there's even a line to talk to the guys..." Seriously, this place sucks.
Went here on a recent Friday night, honestly the ugliest crowd in NYC.
As a lounge goes, Solas gets one thing right: there is an abundance of comfortable sofas and chairs (at least if you get there before midnight). Unfortunately, there wasn't much else going for it. The music literally looped twice (same songs in the same order) during the time we were there, and while you could have been dancing, you would have been the only ones. Instead, people seemed to clump near the bar and clogged the chokepoints (the stairs, pathways and the bar). Nice place to just chill though.
I had planned to go to Solas last night to celebrate my birthday with a few of my friends. But I didn't call to reserve a table so when I arrived at 8pm on a Thursday evening .... well you can imagine my surprise lol. I also didn't know they only open the upstairs area on Fri. & Sat. but that's on me for not calling in advance. I had to think fast so I asked the bartender if she knew of any other lounges in the area. She recommended Central Bar and Lunasa. I'd been to Central Bar a few times but wanted some place different. I was able to call Lunasa and make a reservation for the table. I finished my lychee martini w/ no lychee and thanked the waitress. I had a great time at Lunasa thanks to the waitress @ Solas.
Liked that there was an EDM side and a hip-hop side. Gets pretty crowded.
one tip: if you're planning on reserving a table, reserve it ahead of time and confirm confirm confirm. i reserved a table for party of 18 and received a reply text that read "we'll do our best-i thought that was it- but apparently it really only meant that they'll do their best. however, after speaking to the owner about this he was helpful enough to give us a table upstairs and after that -i had the time of my life. cocktails were pretty good but mixed drinks seemed a bit watered down-i still managed to get myself tipsy though. went downstairs when i felt like dancing and stayed upstairs when i wanted to chitty chat on the sofa and drink. i would definitely come back another time.
I got kicked out of this place for not buying drinks fast enough. After spending 2 hours at the bar in the second room buying drinks, a few friends and I moved over to the main bar. The irish bartender asks if we would like anything and I say "I'm good for now" seeing as I just finished a drink 2.5 minutes before in the other room. He says "it doesnt work that way" and proceeds to explain that you "either need to drink or dance". After explaining that I just finished a drink and am not getting another right away he says "you're not going to just sit there". A little more back and forth and he calls the bouncer to get rid of me. I was not drunk and not acting out. In a decade of going to bars, this was the first time I had ever been kicked out. Bartender has a chip on his shoulder and was incredibly rude. Will not be returning to this place.
I came here for a happy hour event a little while back.  Solas is a low-key, neighborhhood-y place with good drink specials.  It's not the most exciting place I've ever been to but I liked the layout and enjoyed hanging out on the second floor.
Great place to go and the music is great too! No cover, and rarely a line to get in. Drinks are pretty great priced too ($7 for a whiskey n ginger!)! The DJ did a great job at playing dance music - some slower songs here and there but overall you keeps you up on the dance floor. Will definitely consider returning for a night out.
I almost thought this place was lame. Then I found the dance floor which made it surviveable, but still lame.
Personally, I've been to Solas on several occasions and ALWAYS have a good time. It has an atmosphere that would satisfy ANY bar-goer, not matter what you have in mind. The main level is a regular casual bar with some booths and tables at the far end. Bar stools and a drink bar if you're trying to chill and do a little small talk. Looking for a more upbeat venue where you can get your groove on!?! Don't be fooled by the dark mysterious velveteen curtains to your right.. just pull them aside and - BAM! dance club. Good music and lots of people! Dancing isn't your thing? Head up stairs to the "Lounge area". There is a separate bar up there, a room with couches for a more "intimate" experience.. and more tables and seating in the back portion of the upstairs. Drink prices are pretty reasonable, I think it was about $7 for a higher quality mixed drink. Definitely a good time to be had by all! This is our go-to bar when we aren't sure were to start.. or END our night!
This is my to-go place when I want to have an easy after-work, early weekend, pre-dinner drink.  I come when it's not too crowded and leave when the annoying "woo" girls and frat boys show up.  They have a $4 happy hour special--mojito, sangria, margarita and draft beer (basically the main reason why I'm a patron). Although their beer selection isn't great, it's a good, relaxed environment.  I don't recommend coming here during peak hours, and if you do, it's at your own risk.  They don't serve food, but I have seen people order delivery or bring their own food.
This was a pretty cool bar.  It had plenty of space, and even an area for a private party upstairs (which wasn't that private since they had me wondering around).  They had plenty of different bars, so there wasn't a crowd at a single location vying to get their money and orders noticed.   The crowd here was amazingly girl heavy.  I've never been at a place where the girl/guy ration was so HIGH.  I guess the girls realized that there were slim pickings, because I saw two of them doing a bit more than just making out with each other.  Good times...
Horrible place, service sucks upstairs. Wait let me think about, oh yea no one came around to our table until we were about to leave. Find another place to grab a drink
I was here for a friend's birthday party last night, stayed for a couple of hours, explored the whole venue, and was bored to death. There are two floors and four different rooms. The music was inconsistent in each room, going from '80s pop to current rap to '90s rock to old school hip-hop. I would have preferred a different type of music set for each room. I think jazz would have been great for one of the rooms on the 2nd floor because it was quiet and more low key than the other three. The crowd was young, mostly NYU students (I used to sneak into bars and clubs when I was underage so I won't judge). Even the DJ on the 1st floor looked like an NYU professor with graying hair and a sweater vest. My friends nick-named him "the Jewish NYU Professor DJ" because the way he wore his headphones made it look like he was wearing a yamaka. The main bar was crowded and the pipes were leaking overhead (Lord knows where the pipes led to). I definitely do not plan on coming back EVER. There are plenty of other choices on 3rd Avenue going all the way up to the 80s and 90s.
Pretty classic birthday party spot: easy to reserve, large lounge-y spaces, many bars, and no cover charge, and pretty good music.  That said, there aren't any birthday special drinks or drink packages, which isn't really expected but would have been nice.  Also gets really crowded (too many birthday parties at once most likely).  Bartenders were decent, though don't really remember much beyond the 5th/6th drinks that night... : )
Not a bad place to go on Friday and Saturday nights as there is no line or cover, and the drinks are decently priced (~$8?). There are three different sections of Solas-- the bar area once you get in, a dancefloor (with a bar and some tables) adjacent it on the first floor, and an upstairs with more chairs/tables and a bar. The music is different in each section, so if one doesn't suit your tastes, move on to the next area. It's pretty fun if you go with the right people and just want a relatively inexpensive night, but I feel like the crowd there is usually pretty average and not too exciting. **$20 minimum on credit cards**
Have been a fan for years!
I came here last week in the hopes of some fun karaoke, but it turned out that they dont start that until 11 pm on Thursdays.  What they do have is $5 margaritas, sangria and mojitos.   While I was waiting for other to arrive, i stopped into a little whole in the wall to get some octopus balls. The first mojito washed down the octopus well. You can play connect 4 or jenga while you drink, but the place really isn't anything special. Maybe it was because it was a thursday, but the place was pretty dead and even after midnight, when we stopped in again, there was hardly anyone there doing karaoke.  I might stop in again, but would never go out of my way to come here.
Solas used to be my default place to go out to when I used to hang out in NYC. I like it because it has three atmospheres under one roof (club, pub, lounge) with no cover. There was always a good crowd and almost never dead. The bartender at the lounge upstairs Jenny used to make a killer Long Island Iced Tea in one of jumbo glasses for only $10. A bargain for New York City. Did I mention it was nearly 100% alcoholic in a BIG glass.  If I had a group out and couldn't think of somewhere to go. Solas would always be the default location. Great pre game spot. Great spot for a night out. Great spot to end up later. Just a great spot in general.
DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!! I'm super disappointed and angry after the incident last night. A$$hole bouncers that yell at you in the face! Me and a couple of girl friends wanted to come here to grab a few drinks and dance My friend, who was tipsy but clearly NOT wasted. The bouncer said, "wait a second, you might not go in yet, let me check with this other guy" and pointed to another bouncer who was dark skinned Hispanic man with glasses He said to my friend that was she too wasted to go in, which again, she was not, and I said she can even walk a straight line for you, and she did perfectly. Yet, the a$$ still said she couldn't go in So, I asked, "what' wrong with her?" and that a$$hole screamed at me yelling "This is the attitude that I do not like! You don't ask what's wrong with her!" I was livid! first, she was NOT wasted, second, how could you yell at a customer like this?! Unbelievable! I am going to boycott this place from now and going to write bad reviews on all the sites I can!
Solid place to go if you just need to dance.  Went here at midnight and the crowd was still pretty calm, later on it started swarming with creeps. It's a place for those in their 20s ready to have a fun Saturday night. Tons of other bars around for later in the eve.
I don't normally review bars because I think a person's experience at a bar really depends on who they are with and how they interact with the other people in the bar.  With that being said, I like Solas.  The bartender that I normally see (shaved head) is always friendly and accommodating.  Also, the happy hour deals are great ($3 drafts - including Guiness and Bass). The downstairs might be a little cramped when it's busy, but the upstairs is pretty spacious.
Great music, good prices, and very chill spot. It gets packed after 12. I would definitely come back here for great EDM music and dancing! I had the most amazing night here with a small group of friends.
I'm trying to write this review very objectively. Yes, there were friendly-enough bouncers. There are multiple rooms (two downstairs and one upstairs) that each played different music. There are plenty of bar areas with seemingly friendly bartenders. It's dimly lit and pretty sexy, and there are plenty of chairs, couches, and tables for the comfort of fellow patrons. For the person looking to have have a fun and raucous Saturday night out, welcome to Solas. Lucky me. This is MY review. Those two stars I picked state "Meh. I've experienced better." Emphasis on the "I've". Yay! The music was too loud. Yes, it' a bar / club / lounge / party palace. But the volume of the music in ANY establishment shouldn't literally blur my vision due to the heavy vibrating sound waves slapping my ears. I like to dance. I like to have a good time. I was just too irritated by the volume to actually enjoy myself. The crowd there, on the whole (minus my few friends, of course), was obnoxious.  If you are carrying three drinks and there is a crowd of people with ample space to walk around them, then walk around them, NOT through them and then get upset when your drinks slosh around! (Common sense.) There was no space. No breathing room. Claustrophobia set in very quickly. I left after 15 minutes. Really. I did. I took the A Local (Ahhhh!) from 181st to 14th, the L to 3rd Avenue, stayed through 15 minutes of Hell, said "Screw this!", then happily took the A Local (Ahhhh!) from 14th back up to 181st. Close to 90 minutes of cumulative travel for...THAT. *sigh* Nothing like a wasted Saturday night, eh? (Ehhh, we all have our occasional, "Oh, dammit, what a waste of an evening" nights. This was mine, clearly. Ha!) I don't mind being hot, sweaty, and raucous in a club setting. We all have to get ours every now and then, am I right? But Solas...it just did NOT to it for me. Based on a strictly objective level, I probably would have given this place four stars. It IS a nice place. But I base my two stars on my experience. (And no, I won't average that out to three stars...haha! Yelp is about honesty in reviewing, am I right?)
this place is pretty strange.  it has several rooms upstairs with a bunch of dirty couches, several rooms downstairs with different music themes in each room.  i also found that some of the songs repeated, leading me to believe that they just replay a playlist... anyway,  it just seems a bit disorganized, and there's no real continuity in the whole place.  if they broke it up into 2 or 3 different bars, i wouldn't know the difference. but, it isn't bad for the area, if you don't feel like going to pubs nearby, sipping on sake, or walking further downtown.
- Kevin was great and very personable, making sure to tell me when I had handed him too much money because two bills were stuck together - extra star for their amazing happy hour - on the fence about the crowd and music - a bit darker than I would've liked
Not too crowded on a Wednesday night. My friend asked to sample the Shiraz. I asked for an Amaretto sour-the guy did not have the best command of English or social skills but it got worked out. I can't say I would purposely come here again but we were looking to grab a quick drink before an 8:30 movie so it fit the bill just fine.
Came here twice, always danced and had a good time. There three 'areas' to dance with different music. If you don't like the music in  one room, just go to the other. The crowd is mixed. I went here once for a birthday party upstairs where my friend reserved an area, people are free to come in and out as they please - we left our jackets in the corner of the room (both times I came here) and they weren't stolen. 5 stars because (in my experience) lines for the bathroom here were always short for me :D
wow how time has changed. i remember the last time i was there maybe 3 years ago, the line was a block long, and you could barely move inside since they maxed out on capacity.   was there to support a meet up organized by a friend of mine and what a difference!  got there at 10.30 pm on sat night, no line, bouncer didn't give us a big fuss about not having a name to be associated with.  and inside, you can actually still move around freely without bumping each other.  we didn't make reservation, and got a section just for ourselves.  waiter was also not too pushy about us ordering drinks.  though i wished she would have come around more often.  don't expect creative cocktails here, pretty much just standard bar drinks.
I only go here for the Yelp book club and the crowd is very boring very square, bad music, drinks subpar, seems to be for freshmen college students who wouldn't know a good drink should taste like.  It's a standard bar that acts like a dive bar. Wasn't that clean with sticky seats and a little too dark, not enough candles enough to even see the outline of the people around, and believe me, I'm an advocate of darkness, but this was a bit much. This is a strange review because from all appearances from the front, it should be a hip EV bar, but for some reason, nothing is coming together. ============== UPDATE..... ============== Great news, they have an upstairs and more rooms! Much much better this time around, more spacious, and the upstairs is a lot more airy and contemporary, a lot more fun. The bartender was VERY nice and even though I knew better than to order wine from a place that only has two kinds of reds, he spoiled me and let me taste it before he poured. Very sweet. The upstairs was nice and quiet for our book club and I have to say that my experience this time around was much better. I'm very vocal when I don't like something, but when a business turns it around when the point is noted, and they just don't get pissed off, they're interested in actually improving the client experience, I am doubly impressed. Yay!
Nice quiet place for happy hour.  On wkend night, it turns into a club like atmosphere.
With my birthday around the corner and all the great birthday party reviews of Solas, I decided to take a leap of faith and give it a try. I called about a week before my birthday, skeptical that there would even be space, but the staff couldn't have been nicer and reserved me a few couches on the second floor. They were even accommodating when I increased the party size a bit -- "the more the merrier," they said. When we got there, my friends and I were amazed at the great space they had reserved for it. We nearly had half of the back room -- we felt spoiled. We loved everything about the chic interior, decor, and layout. The cocktails were mixed well and very reasonably priced for a Saturday night. It did get a little crowded over time, but nothing crazier than a typical weekend crowd in the city. Two things prevent this from a perfect rating. Our waitress was so helpful and couldn't have been sweeter, but she was in charge of the entire second floor. That's a lot of people to keep track of. I don't care if you're Superman; that's just too much for one person to handle. She did her best. Music on the second floor was good, but I noticed that they repeated a few songs in just two or three hours. Surely they can put together a longer playlist. Regardless, I ended up putting on a birthday party that everyone raved about. I'm absolutely going back.
Came here after work one day for happy hour.  $4.00 mojitos!?  Sign me up!  Arrived here around 6:00 PM and the place was not crowded at all.  Bellied up to the bar and had a few mojitos before heading off for dinner in Midtown.  The bartender was friendly and she even bought us a round so a big thumbs up for that.  The drinks weren't too strong but the place has a good atmosphere.  I think the space is a bit small and could definitely get crowded at night.
If you get a twisted pleasure out of crowded trains, you would probably like Solas. The place is fairly big but strangely narrow, so you are forced to squeeze in between small groups of people even when it's not that crowded. As with most places, it's a fun place if you are in good company. I went in on a Tuesday night for a private event upstairs and thought it was a decent venue. $4 sangria, margarita, and other drink specials!
I came here on a Saturday night with four friends, after already having indulged in a pregame of whipped cream vodka (yum). There was a room for dancing, which I always look for, but it was a small space, crowded with a group of guys who do that annoying circle on the dance floor and then all do goofy dances in the center and give each other high fives, and the room smelled like b. O. I didn't think anything was necessarily special about solas that I'm dyyyyying to go back... So I won't.
I love Solas.  Every time I go, I lose something, but every time I go back to try to find it, it's always there!  I lost my jacket.  They still had it.  I lost my cellphone.  The bartender was holding onto it for me.   I've been there once for a party, and the bar had the strangest set up.  We couldn't order directly from the bar, because there was a velvet rope sectioning it off. Instead, we had to order from this one waitress who acted as a liaison between the patrons and the bartenders.  It seemed very inefficient.   Overall, though, decent place.  I'm happy to go back.
Solas has gotten completely out of control. Gone are the days where you can come in on a Saturday night and have a fun night out with your friends. Solas has become the venue that everyone thinks of when they're thinking of where to have their birthday party. And apparently no one ever gets turned down because it feels like there are 20 parties going on at once. This means some serious shoving and screaming over everyone else. And good luck fighting your way to the bar. Basically, this place makes me feel old.
The Bouncers were jerks. The crowd was pitiful. So many shiny sequence tops, meh. The worst part of it all? There was a party going on upstairs with loud music. There was a party going on in the room next to the bar area that was separated by a curtain with loud music. The bar had it's own music thing going on but not as loud as the other two which made my head whirl with confusion. So many beats!! So many baselines!! OMG Invest in doors!!!! The 2 stars are for Magners and the fact that it was a rainy Friday night and every place that didn't involve food was a let down.  Waaa Waa
This is a place I have frequented a couple times and each time I get a completely different feel of the place.  Sometimes it is quiet and hip with someone in the corner reading poetry drinking a merlot, while sometimes it seems like a packed dance club with people getting drunk looking for the nearest mouth to enter.  Neither is good or bad this is just a generic statement.  The bar itself is aesthetically pleasing and the drinks serve their purpose.  One thing I want to mention is that I was there on a Saturday night upstairs and the bar staff was amazing.   I always have said that it's the bar staff that makes customers return and without question Solas has that on lock. (At least in the category of busy weekend bars)
From the minute I walked in this place for a friends "I'm back and visiting for the weekend" Happy Hour gathering I had a good feeling about it. Happy hour prices are fantastic - $4 (not $3 like one of the pics here on Yelp shows - inflation I guess.) The bartender - a really cute woman from Dublin - had the warmest smile, and friendliest attitude of any bartender I've met in the city! (Too bad she had to leave and cash out, cause the guys after her were not very friendly.) The atmosphere is good - the music wasn't too loud for conversation, and there was lots of room available for sitting. We didn't have table service, so had to go up to the bar to order, but that was ok (given the aforementioned bartender. ;)) No food is offered here, so we picked up stuff near by (see my Totale Pizza review!) and carried it in. Such a comfortable, affordable place I could see it becoming a regular stop for me!
10-year high school reunion here and wished I could have enjoyed catching up with friends; instead, the AC was blasting and with a cold drink in my hand, my lips quickly turned blue. The drinks were watered down and though affordable, I really couldn't get over the cold. Plus the "private" room space is deeper than is wide and with the bar all the way in the back, it quickly became a clusterf just in the last 10 feet of the area with all the rest open and empty. Not sure why this place has much appeal.
When I feel like dancing my face off and drinking like a fish, I come to Solas! Yes it gets really packed in the dance area and making your way over to the bar past the crowd is difficult but you get the club experience without having to pay cover or ridiculous $$$ for drinks. It's a win-win! And if you don't like the Top 40's, you just haven't drank enough ;) take care of your bartenders and they'll take care of you.
I went here to celebrate my 21st since I wanted to go dancing after I had gotten drinks at Ten Degrees. You go in and it looks like a fairly quiet bar. But then you turn to the right, lift a heavy floor length curtain and suddenly, the dance party appears before your eyes. It was really fun and had great music to dance to. We got there around 1:40 am and it was crowded but not uncomfortably so. Guys will definitely leer at you if you're with a bunch of girls, so be wary that people come here to hook up. Everyone's around the same age though, so it's not too weird or uncomfortable. My friends and I had a lot of fun and I will definitely stop by if I'm in the neighborhood!
If these walls could talk, it would tell about my city night life in a heartbeat. I have never not had an amazing time here, from the drinks to the bartenders to the music. I take my out-of-town friends here and recommend this place to my customers whenever they ask. From happy hour weekdays to dance party weekends, this place has it all.
I don't drink so I typically don't hang out in bars but I recently came here for Weds nigt salsa dancing. Only $5 to get in, mixed crowd, and everyone was really nice. Lovely evening.
No cover charge. 3 separate rooms like the main room(entrance) another room that is blocked by a curtain-the DJ is in this room and an upstairs. I like it here. We mostly stayed in the room with the DJ which was pretty crowded music was good in the beginning of the night, but as the crowd grew the music stayed on the House/Dance all night.
Went for happy hour, nice atmosphere and great drinks.
A little above a dive bar, but not sophisticated enough to be called a lounge, with horrendous jumbled music.  I mean, utterly confused, JOURNEY to Bob Sinclar to 50 cent?  REALLY?! To add icing to the cake, my friend and I must be the only two retards drinking sparkling wine from mini champagne flutes.   Thanks to Heman for making us two classy ladies and letting us set the tone for Solas.  Because we sure can get accustomed to the high traffic that kept weaving in and out where we were standing... mental note- the first floor is skinny like a thin stripped bowling alley.  Not to mention the polite way of getting through is a simple excuse me and tap on the arm or shoulder... NOT grabbing the back of my neck. To sum... Solas is very.. how shall we say.. BLAH.
Not the greatest music, but friendly bartenders and a pretty standard crowd.  Was strangely empty around midnight on a friday.
There are three main areas to Solas-- one dimly lit room that, from what I could gather, plays techno or house; another that plays 80s, 90s and other classics; and yet another that generally plays pop music.  Weekends it gets really tight in here, but you can get out of the crowd by hanging out in one of the lounge rooms upstairs.  Drinks are usually strong and your typical East Village prices. Other nights, Solas is more of a relaxed bar--two of the rooms are closed off, so no dancing and no techno.  Just people in their late 20s and 30s hanging out talking over soft music.  They have happy hour from 4pm-8pm on weekdays and Sunday nights, which is when we, bringing with us fries from Pommes Frites around the corner, like to go and drink $4 beers and cocktails.
I want to give this 2.5 stars. I went there last night and the best way to describe my experience is to say that I kept expecting more.  My friend sitting next to me says I need to elaborate more about what this means, "because you were actually walking around the bar about 500 times expecting there to be more bar." I know the reviews said it was tiny, but talking about the different floors made me expect.....more. FTR, I read about 500 reviews before going. I love places that are both lounge and dancing.  I danced, did my thang. The music was like not great.  I love pop music MORE than the next person but something about it just wasn't great (maybe just add in some 90's every now and then to pump up the crowd?) I drank absolut and club soda and they were $8 each. normz. Basically, I feel like I would go back if someone I was meeting up with was there, but I would never suggest that we go there.
Recently hosted a bday event for my bf's 30 party.  Although I didn't reserve a table, we found ample space to setup camp for the night in the room to the right of the main bar.  The music was a bit loud but you adjust after a while (and a few drinks).  Service was ok, considering there was only 1 bartender but the drinks were quite strong which almost made the wait worthwhile.  He did give me a buy-back after I bought a few drinks which was very pleasant on a busy Saturday night.  I tried venturing upstairs but it was far too packed w/ Oxford shirts and over-age fraternity boys.  No thanks.  Those days are over for this ol' lady.   I would recommend this place for a birthday party but I don't think I'll make this a default drinking venue anytime soon.
Nice little bar.  Came here with some friends after dinner on a Saturday night, and it was surprisingly quiet, but I think it picks up later in the evening.  Good music, though it seemed like 80s night or something.  The bartenders are quick and friendly, but not too friendly.  Drinks are very reasonable, and there's a weekday happy hour from 5-7pm.  I'd come back again, but there are so many good bars in the area I'd also like to try...
Looks like a cool bar - feels like a sham - mixed-image, owner abandoned, no-one cares shell of one... The Spanish menu provided the poorest, most undercooked, boring Spanish Tortilla ever, and so sorry to bother the waiter for a weak dirty martini. I didn't mean to disturb you Ms. I remember when this used to be a cool bar 10 years ago. I guess the suits keep it going. Wa-waaaaaaa.
Crazy busy on a Friday night.  It was hard to maneveur.  Two huge rooms downstairs and another room upstairs.  Different music in each room, if I recall correctly.  Came back on a Sunday night.  It was basically empty, which is a nice change of pace.  They've got a few games, such as jenga and connect 4.  Calls for a pleasant evening.
I had my birthday party upstairs in the red room and it was awesome! Everyone was so accommodating and nice. I really recommend having a party here. All my friends were so impressed by my selection and even more surprised that there was no charge for the room and not even a required bracelet deal... just pay as you go. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was because the bar right next to the red room (the one my friends would be getting most use out of) was completely packed! There was only 1 bartender so it got sooo crowded and my friends had to wait a very long time for drinks... which was bad because they weren't in the room partying with me :) Towards the end of the night we did have a waitress taking our orders, which made things a bit better even though she was very busy as well. Despite the crowd at the bar, I definitely recommend this spot for anyone having a party and anyone who just wants to go and have fun.
LOL. Why does this place have such good reviews?? Okay, I'll be real.. I do come here a lot but mainly because it's close to my apt and it's pretty low-maintenance (meaning I don't have to get all dolled up to party). BUT comeon guys, we all know this place kinda sucks! The back room is so gross and crowded and the bouncers let in the grungiest looking people (sorry, that's shallow. I should be better than that), but hey, I guess we all need a chill place to hang out. I just have to go in knowing I'm going to have about 12 drinks spilled on me in the first 30 mins. Arrg.
ONLY for happy hour!! get the red sangria!! --- also like the mojitos here. SKIP the white sangria
This place has one of the best happy hour deals in the East Village, $4 for cocktails like a mojito or margarita. That's a bargain considering the close proximity to all the cool restaurants. Its not the most fancy smancy place but the place has swag, sit at the bar or near the tables at the front for some people watching.
Fridays/Saturdays - never lines to get in, easy door - no cover, ever - drinks are $5-$10 depending on what you get - 3 sections to Solas 1) main bar, right at the entrance 2) through the red curtain, a second bar and the main dance floor (also the entrance to the basement coat check) 3) upstairs, tables and another small room that both can be reserved in advance (for FREE!) - bathrooms in each area If you have a big group and want easy entrance into a venue that offers fairly priced drinks and a dance floor, Solas is the place to be.
Ground floor is dance pool, upstair's perfect for happy hour. Music are good. Gonna come back again. Sun of a beach is sweet and never gone wrong with girl.
In writing this review, I was torn about what to rate it.  This place has a lot going for it...but at the same time, has a lot that, well, sucks. In the end, I opted for a 3: entrance: not a huge line on a fri night, and no cover which is always a plus. no hassle at the door. inside: the first room you'll be led to is a loungey/club type area. As soon as I walked in, I realized the music would be pretty good; a lot of new rap /techno mixes. However, after moving out of this main room, I quickly found that the place was way too overcrowded. The secondary room had another bar and different music,which was a plus. Actually GETTING to the bar was a different story. There was another area upstairs, which was a plus. Actually walking around took like 20 mins, which again was a downer. Overall, the music in all the rooms was pretty decent. However, we wound up not staying too long due to the overcrowdedness of it all. If you come with a group and can set up shop in a specific area near the bar, then you will probably have a good time. Otherwise, it'll be a pain to walk around anywhere; still, the place gets a solid 3.
Great place and staff especially Manuel the bar back!
Love Solas. The staff are fantastic. I've held numerous events here and I can say unequivocally that the staff is the most accommodating I've ever dealt with. They're actually nice, which is unusual, and I can say this as someone who has dealt with tons of venues throughout the city. I also get answers from them via email almost instantaneously, which can take days with other venues. To those who would slag them for having a certain "collegiate" clientele, it really depends on the night. Would I personally go in there on a Saturday night? No, but that would be the same for most of my favorite places in the city. However, on other nights, it's perfectly pleasant, the drinks are tasty and reasonable, and again, the staff is awesome.
great place for HH and sangrias =D almost forgot about this place and visited again over the weekend..still a great hangout!!
Great staff!  Came here for my birthday last weekend and as busy as they were, they were very accomodating in helping us get a table.  We asked the guy checking IDs about getting a table although we didn't have reservations and he directed us to another guy.  This guy pulled out a piece of paper I think to see their table set up for the night and he then directed us to go see the hostess/bartender upstairs and to let her know where to put us.  We found her, relayed the message and she knew exactly what he was referring to and sat us at a table.  I expected to be blown off, but in dealing with three different people in just a few minutes, they were all as nice as can be!  Keep up the good attitude and I'll be back for sure!   Drinks were good and not overpriced.  Pop music upstairs and hip hop room downstairs.  If it wasn't so cold down there, we would've moved down there.  How cold?  The DJ even had his coat on.
Birthday party heaven, or so it seems.  Two separate rooms play slightly different music, and each has a bar.  Linger and chat in the first one, and get your groove on in the second.  It's hard not to love a place that plays alot of hip/hop, and pop singles, but the crowd left something to be desired.
A totally fun spot and great location - I love the East Village! As the fun, affordable places shutter left and right in Manhattan, it's great to know Solas exists! I had a birthday party there and what a great idea. I wanted to do something different instead of sitting for an overpriced bland dinner or just drinking so I  thought I'd celebrate on salsa night at Solas. Totally fun and great vibe all night. The owners and bartenders were super accommodating, nice and went above and beyond. If you don't feel like dancing, the bar always offers a cool vibe and the bartender spins nice tunes, often my fav Brit pop stuff. I also just discovered they have a cute, hidden upstairs! I've been back since and agree it's a guilty pleasure, although I decided I'm no longer going to feel guilty!
was here a couple of fridays ago for my brother in law's birthday. the dj was spinning some tunes that i enjoyed, many from the 80s and 90s. throwback city! as the night went on it got more and more crowded, i had to weasel my way to the bar and when i did make it there, i ordered 2 rounds at once because i just didn't feel like making that trek again. the crowd was clearly a mostly NYU crowd, which is not a bad thing at all. just be prepared to say "excuse me, pardon me" all night long.
I was first introduced to this place by my gay couple friends when I asked them to come to alleviate my jitters on my second date with Frenchie. ( I didn't even tell him I invited them along but it helped me be more relaxed!) Well Frenchie ended up loving this place so much that we came here once a week.
After eating the octopus ball a few door down, I needed a place to chill and keep warm so we saw a sign outside saying $4 drink special until 8 pm so we walked in and order a few glasses of Guinness and normally I don't like drinking guinness from a draught because it normally water down but this one was really tasty and not water down 1 bite. Anyway we sat around and had a few pints and trying to decided where to go next. The bartender was ery easy going and I can picture myself coming back here whenever I go eat at the octopus ball couple door down. I give this place a 3 1/2!!
3.5 stars Came here on a Wednesday night with some friends for post-dinner drinks and I must say, the place got pretty busy considering it was a week night.   Their draw?  $5 happy hour specials for mojitos, sangria, and sex on the beach.  Not bad, not bad at all.   We had 2 rounds and then off to the next place.
Nice hidden place right by Cloister Cafe. I can't say anything about the bar, though the place is pretty small in general. I usually go to Solas for the Salsa Wednesdays (ladies night). Good crowd and it's enjoyable watching people groove to the beats :-)
On most new years eves I find myself at an overly crowded bar or club where I can't move or get a drink and everyone around me is miserable but trying to have a good time because they paid a ton to get there. But this year, I kept it low key and had a great time!   I ended up at Solas with a group of friends and it was just the right mix of fun without all of the ridiculousness of a times square NYE. I had dinner with a friend on St. Marks and then headed over here around 10:30. There were a good number of people there, enough to make it full and fun but not so packed that you start a mosh pit everytime you try to move an inch. Had no problem getting a drink at the main bar, and at a reasonable price no less! The place has 2 floors and a bunch of different little rooms with varying vibes. There were dance floors downstairs and places to sit upstairs, and bars pretty much everywhere which very easily accessible. I spent a little time downstairs, counting down to the new year, and some time upstairs relaxing and hanging out. The only thing I didn't understand about this place was that the main bar had no credit card minimum but the one right next to it had a $20 min. What the deal?! Headed out of there around 2:30, woke up the next day and wasn't so crippled by my hangover that I spent the entire first day of 2011 in bed (can't say the same for some of my roommates), and pretty much decided that this is really the way to enjoy NYE! (I may have also come to the realization that this means I am getting old, but if it means I get to chill at places like Solas then maybe it's not such a bad thing after all)
i came here pretty late; around 2-3 am. by then, the crowd was pretty small so i couldn't tell how amazing this place was. i like the place because it's HUGE! there's a dancing area behind the curtains to your right on the first level and another huge area upstairs. i don't remember the music much but i was dancing to it so it must be right. my friends told me the drinks were REALLY cheap. like $8 shots for patron or something. i totally could have made the drink up but they got some shots for $8 each. beers were like $3? crowd was a good mix. no cover.
Never going here again. To start with, one of my friends called ahead and asked to reserve a table. The person he spoke to told him he couldn't, presumably because there were no reservations left, and also told him that if we just showed up early we should be fine. We got there around 9, and were told that every table in every one of the three rooms they have were reserved. (I couldn't figure out why, since this bar is nice, but it's not that nice, the drinks weren't that good and it's not that inexpensive.) In the end my friend spoke to one of the managers and we got a table. It was crowded because there were so many of us, but it was fine. A couple hours in, though, the bouncer started coming around, telling everyone that they either needed to check their coats or put them on, because apparently leaving coats on the backs of the booths is a fire hazard. He actually picked some of them up, demanding to know whose they were, just generally being an asshole about it. He continued to prowl around, because making sure flammable coats are safely tucked away is far more important than checking people's IDs at the door. The coat check is only $2, so whatever, but I've never been to a bar where people were forced to check their coats because they might catch fire and burn the place to the ground. The whole thing was incredibly obnoxious and unnecessary; they should at least warn people about this policy so they can make sure they have cash on them.
I had my 30th birthday party here on Saturday night, and from start to finish, it was a total blast. I could not be happier with Solas and am so glad to have made this choice. After checking out probably 15 places,  I reserved the Red Room upstairs and highly recommend it to anyone. All my friends had a great time, and I am still receiving compliments from them about what a great party and a great space it was. The staff was attentive and helpful every step of the way, from my initial reservation, answering all my questions, to keeping the drinks flowing for my friends all night long. Because there is no food served at Solas, I had food from Fresh Direct delivered and it added a nice touch to the party, probably for less than what a restaurant would have charged. The rest of the bar gets very crowded and lively, and while my private room did fill up, it's small enough that when things are just getting started with about 10 people or so, it still feels intimate and well sized. I'd say we had about 40 people at the peak, and everyone was still able to hear each other, sit down if they wanted, and mingle about the room. Though unnecssary, some of my friends also had a great time playing "bouncer" at the door (one random girl did come in and stuff her face, gotta call her out for that, lol) All in all, I want to give a huge THANK YOU to Solas for making this my most successful birthday party yet. (and i take birthdays very seriously!)
It is my second living room. I've been coming to this bar for a few years now and I love it! Extremely down to earth staff. Great happy hour.
A great bar-lounge - no attitudes, ok drinks, busy yet not too packed, great lighting, and quite spacious - you can get together w friends on the 2nd floor, have drinks at the bar or dance.  I enjoyed it every time I've been there.
AMAZING. Always a good time, with at least three different scenes going on simultaneously. Each of the 3 bars has it's own vibe: ranging from dance-floor with hip-hop music, to a more sip-n-chat with mellow tunes. I had a great birthday experience there last year: the manager was super flex and let me set up the playlist for the night in the main bar and was very accommodating to my party.   I can't recommend this place enough for any night of the week!
I've been here two times, the first to check it out for a potential event and the second for the event itself. My first experience was pretty short. Got there around 11 and there weren't really any people there so it gave me a good opportunity to look around. They showed us the main bar downstairs and then took us upstairs to show us the room up there. That room seemed good for a private party if you know your guests would be able to fill up the space, otherwise it would just look sad. The rest of the upstairs seemed pretty intimate and appropriate for small groups, not really for socializing with strangers. The second experience, we had booked half of the room to the right downstairs for a holiday soiree the friday before christmas. This was more than enough space to accommodate our ~60 guests. Towards the beginning of the night it was FREEZING in the room. No idea why. The doors opened were constantly being opened and closed, but there was also cold air coming from the vents. Once the room became full around midnight and people started dancing, did I stop shivering. It was a great atmosphere and there was a great mesh of people in our party and the other parties. It actually got a little too crowded for my liking so I stayed towards the bar area and somehow got stuck in the little crevice  between the bar and the couches that ran all the way down the side wall. The bar tenders were really nice and we had our own waitress, but I barely saw her around. There was only one bathroom downstairs and was in the main part of the place so having to walk back and forth was a little annoying as well as having to wait on a giant line. Overall I had a good experience and will probably make a third trip here.
Let me start this off by saying this place has one of the BEST SANGRIA (Preferably red). Happy hour has $4-$5 margaritas/mojitos/sangria from 4-8pm. Very comfortable/cozy atmosphere and the staff is friendly. No food but you can order or bring food in. Never been upstairs (lounge area)  but always see a crowd waiting to enter around 10pm. PS. Best day for happy hour is Sunday (Very cool bartender, and connect 4 available), but they have happy hour everyday...
Went to Solas with some friends that had been before and it was pretty awesome. Two levels and multiple rooms with different music and vibes all around. When we first arrived around 10:30, the place wasn't too crowded or too packed. The music was awesome and if it wasn't you could easily slip into the next room. It got crowded quickly though and before you knew you could barely move. The drinks weren't bad and the staff seemed friendly enough. There was no cover which was great. I would definitely go back.
I've been coming here for years, as it is the midpoint between my old office and home.  All the Irish bartenders are friendly and non-pretentious.  Only the main room is open on weekdays, but the whole place is game on Fridays and Saturdays. I'm usually only here for happy hour, or post midnight weekdays.  The weekends can get ass packed.   You can also have parties in the other rooms and take care of food/catering arrangements since they don't have food.  Big plus as I am sick of bar food.
Have been here on several weekends, and it's always the same - packed dance party downstairs, and private events upstairs. The crowd is good and mixed, and the line can get really long after midnight. Music gets better the later it gets.
Solas is completely hit or miss, at least for the ladies. Their happy hour is great all around, and it's a phenomenal place to go for catch-up drinks after work, but on Friday and Saturday nights it's either spectacular or horrible, in my experience. It seems to me that their DJ is better on Friday nights, with a more equalized crowd, but there are definitely some weekends I've come here with friends where it's a complete sausage fest and you are the main course for EVERYONE. Though if you're looking for hysterical pick-up lines, you're sure to get some here. All in all I'd say it's a fun place to go to get in the mood before truly starting your night elsewhere, especially since the bartenders don't at all skimp on the liquor.
Wasn't sure what to expect since the reviews were mixed. This place is basically a club without a cover. Not what we like but everyone else seemed to be having a good time.
This place is so Yelp friendly, it immediately gets my support.   The vibe at Solas is really laid back and I hear that it's never super crowded during the week. It has a sort of warm and romantic ambience downstairs and there's a dark wood corner in the back that you can cozy up in while you sit on a bench and sip wine or a $4 happy hour margarita.   You don't have to get cozy, however, because you can hang out at the bar and talk to the seemingly Irish (I'm just guessing from the brogue) bartender/owner about your wine choice or chat it up with other customers and be social. Also, much thanks to Solas for letting the Yelp Book Group head upstairs for a more spacious and comfortable meeting.  We were able to talk for a while without disturbances from the rest of the clientele.  Very nice.
My favorite lounge in Manhattan!!  Solas has a sweet daily happy hour specials til 8pm with $5 Sangrias (the best in NYC) and Margaritas! My friends and I always come to Solas at the end of our night.  There's always a great diverse crowd and amazing top 40s and house music.  The drinks are reasonably priced but our bartender didn't add enough alcohol.  If you want a chill night, check out the lounge upstairs.  There's 2 private rooms with spacious room for dancing. The fact that East Village is my favorite neighborhood, Solas is always the spot to hit on my weekends out!!! =D
Oh Solas, how I often find myself stumbling out at 4am ready to devour some Artichoke pizza. You never disappoint. Down and dirty dance floor. Sometimes it's EDM. Sometimes it's 90s/top 40. Free shots and plenty of creepers (maybe some cool people too). Sounds like a magical Saturday night.
place is ok.  it's a little crunchy, and rough, but it's large and there's enough space for people to spread out.  music on a friday was mostly solid singles.  drinks are typically $8.   it's not my first choice, but i'll hit up solas if other places are too far/crowded.  it's kind of a reliable backup plan.
I've only ever been here during the week, or for private events.  The staff is always helpful and accommodating.  Kevin rules.  Great drink specials. The weekend crowd sucks, to be quite honest.  They are usually loud, obnoxious and drunk beyond belief and insist on standing around outside the establishment letting all manners of passerbys know just how loud, obnoxious and drunk they really are.  One of these days someone is going to wander too far over to the indoor parking garage and get smushed, and I won't be sorry for them.
I was here for a birthday gathering and was pleasantly surprised by the free cover. The bar was nothing special, but the back "club" room was spacious enough to dance around in...if only the Saturday night crowd wasn't so lame! I stayed with my party but wasn't too happy to find out that the ceiling was dripping onto everyone unfortunate enough to be caught in the area. Gross!  I guess I was having too much fun with friends to notice that I was, indeed, nearly suffocating. The drinks were good and average city priced, and the crowd, though very young, was not at all pretentious.
I respect what Solas has going on, but to be honest it's not for me. I'm more of a dive bar / beer bar / low key type of person, and that is just not Solas. First off, the options for beer are abysmal here... all everyone drinks is Amstel Light. I've never eaten here but I'd probably avoid the food on principle. As a place for nightlife, the highlight is that there are multiple rooms... a dancing room, a regular bar room and then a large loungey-type space upstairs. There's sort of something for everyone. But beware! The crowd is not varied at all... expect a crowd similar to the rest of the East Village meet markets, but not quite as bad as the Murray Hill vibe. More than once I've been emotionally abused by women I didn't know here. I cannot explain it... On the other hand, like I said, this is a suitable solution when my friends all want something different... the girls want to dance and nobody wants to pay a cover or wait on a line, and the guys wanna just have some drinks and be able to hear each other. Personally I don't like this place, but it serves its purpose as a middle of the road bar that we can all enjoy a little bit. Thus, three stars. At least it's not a wannabe club...
From my memory, it was a small narrow bar. I don't know where the four rooms were? Taking that into account, crowd seemed pretty diverse and laid back. People were chatting at the bar, casually dancing on the sides... pleasant place to stop by!
I went there once a year or so ago with my roommate for a World of Warcraft meetup. SUPER NERD! Last night however, I went to  tip my hat to a friend moving away. The bartender was super nice, the atmosphere nice -- a subtle steampunk -- and the drinks were strongish. If the bartender asks you what you want and you reply with "Surprise Me," be forewarned. It will be bad-slash-fruity-slash-gross-slash-yuck.
I went to this bar late on a Thursday night, it was relatively empty but I've been to this bar in the past a few times when it was more lively and I've gotten to meet the owner, nice guy. The bar extends in two other areas but I've never been upstairs. The ambience, environment, and people have always been good and I've yet to have any bad experience here. The Themes tend to vary from each other room but not so drastic that you felt like you left Solas. Though drinks are pricey, this place is a sure place to check out on a Friday or Saturday night.
Why do I feel like I'm at a frat party? Or a college party? The crowd is young, probably mostly college students. But you know what? I don't care! I like the music here and as much as I wanted to run away from these young kids trying to dance up on me, I stayed. I stayyyyed and dance. The music is great, the drinks are decent. When I want to have more of an adult conversation, I head to the other room where they have a bar and stools. When I want to relive my youth, I head to the dance floor. Come early and beware of the huge crowd.
Okaii, so I went with my friend(who didn't get in bc she lost her ID), I went in and it was packed, nice crowd and music was great, I was singing n felt with an urge of dancing...too bad I had to leave soon.
The doorman said the birthday party was upstairs, and once we got up there and ordered drinks we realized there were at least four birthdays being celebrated at Solas. Ours was in fact downstairs. The many rooms and "areas" spread over the two (and a half?) floors make for different djs, none of which were playing anything remotely original or interesting, and different vibes, which is great for mingling. It's a loud bar just on the casual side with a relatively young clientele. If you're with a party, it might be worth it. We were associated, but not tied to our group, so we skipped out after a couple of drinks. I would normally give my night here only two stars (since, meh, I've had better), but Kelly wherever you are, so very entertaining, cute, and I promise, not a bitch, you were the third star.
I thought this place was pretty chill. Nice music, cool crowd & the bouncer wasn't strict. You also don't need to pay for an entrance fee with or without a promoter. This place is definitely not snobby.
This place is a great place to go dance! They have Salsa on Wednesday nights, Thursdays is the amazing DJ Color TV, and fridays and saturdays have rotating DJs. Also, asside from the big dance area, there is a bar area and a lounge upstairs.
3 sections-upstairs bar where people just hang out (no music really), main level bar which is your typical "bar" where you can hear music but nobody dances, then the section next to it is another bar with a big space for dancing and some booths on the side to sit, people dress pretty casual and the crowd is more laid back, mix of college/mid-20s, dj plays top40 only, drinks are cheap..overall, tons of fun but kind of a divey-er scene
Oh Solas....how decieving thou art Solas!!! Came here for what i thought was a cut and dry B-day party at a local Americana Bar...only to walk into a 4 room and second level venue with Cuties galore and not to mention surprisingly cheap drinks..... I bumped into the elusive MIA there which caused a rather loud shrek-a-thon cuz haven't seen this girl in EONS... All in all will definitely come back to this place.....
came here with my girlfriends on a friday night.  This place has a bar as you walk in and another bar in the next room that has music & dance floor. There is also an upstairs with chairs & tables (more of a lounge).   The place was a bit small. Music at first was a bit lame but got better during the night.
Another bar that holds a special place in my heart, for reasons unspecified. The drinks were expensive, but strong enough to make up for it.  My vodka and diet coke was literally clear.  I'm going to say it was 90% vodka and 10% d.coke and ice.  Just how I like my $7 drinks.  My friend and I ventured upstairs, not knowing it had been rented out for a party.  At any rate, we stayed and ended up talking to some people up there.  Good mix of people the few nights I've been there.  Good music to dance to downstairs.  There's a good division between the dancing area and the bar... so good that it almost seems like 2 separate establishments.  It's nice to have the best of both nightlife worlds under 1 roof. There was a leak by the bar last time I was there.  Is it still there?
The only memorable part of this place is the amazingly fast bartender. She was definitely making drinks at the light of speed.  The music was good. The place isn't that big but nice to go with a few people. Credit card minimum is $20 which isn't too bad. I'm not sure I would pick this spot for a party or to hang with friends. There are many more places I'd prefer.
Came here recently for my birthday as it was close to my dinner venue. The staff is pretty nice and the venue was great. It does get SUPER crowded as the night progresses and getting through the door can be a hassel. Multiple people told me that they were wandering around the place for hours and couldn't find me because they were drunk, there are 3 sections to Solas and because they were barring people from entry into the section where I was having my party. Also, the scene was hook-up central, at one point I even saw the DJ making out with 2 girls. The crowd was also a bit on the young side. Having turned another year older (but non-the-wiser apparently), I felt a bit like a cradle-robber talking to 21 and 22 yr olds/ NYU students. I had a good time and this was a great place to have a casual but still organized party. Only complaint is that the DJ was too busy looking for his tongue down his young companion's throat than to play any of the music I requested 2 hrs ago. If I were to go again, I would definitely make sure to get there before 12am on weekends. I have no idea what the drink prices are but since it's East Village (and a step, hop and skip away from the ilk of 13th Step & other dive bars) I'd imagine pretty cheap and a bargain for the space.
Solas.....great lounge upstairs and a very bustling dance floor downstairs. Solas has two separate rooms with 2 bars, one with just the bar and other with the dance floor. There's also another bar upstairs. The great thing about this place is no cover charge.
This was the third bar I went to while bar hopping. Drinks were cheap and good. The bartender was awesome! Good company, good vibe, good drinks,  what more could you ask for?
i have been here every time i have visited friends in the NYC area. this is one of my favorite bars. the dancing is great, the drinks are a little pricey, but i like that i dont have to worry about being under or over dressed and the crowd is usually good. i always look forward to visiting.
I love this place. No cover. Drinks are very reasonable. Crowd is casual 20s looking to have some fun. Excellent place to go with a group of friends if you want some no hassle drinking, dancing, and mingling on a Friday or Saturday night! There are three separate areas: bar area downstairs, more seating and another bar upstairs, and a dance floor with a dj (with another bar). The place does fill up, but there is still space to move around. My only reservation is that there does tend to be an array of "sketchy" male characters around the dance floor, but let's be real, that's hard to avoid. Definitely a reliable spot. Always have a good time.
Great happy hour. 4 dollars for a decent mojito. Guy at the bar is always friendly and easy to start a conversation with. It's never crowded because I go early, before the drinking crowd. Just my kind of place to relax.
I'm judging this place primarily on the first floor, on a weekend. First things first, I hate it here. I hate coming here and I'm usually dragged here against my will and end up being over it really quickly.  I spend the night on the dance floor (separated by a curtain from the bar) which has its own bar and a couple of booths.  I dance for about 10 minutes and then take my seat nicely in the corner and wait to leave. There are too many people in one room. Maybe I'm not just a 'club person' but it's crowded and messy.  There is broken glass and spilled drinks all over the floor which is not something I want to be stepping in for hours.   I guess if clubbing and dancing with sloppy strangers is your thing, than this is the place for you. But from what I've seen- I can't get out of here fast enough. However, there are multiple floors and I believe I've went upstairs a time or two and it's a little more calm and organized.  You can actually wrap your head around things. There isn't a cover charge which is nice. I'm not sure about drink prices since I've never purchased a drink here. But from what other people are saying, they must be decent.
Had a great time down at this place Friday night! Started off with their 4 dollar a drink happy hour and then ended up dancing till 1 in the morning!  I couldn't hear much the next day...but it was a blast!
This is a great place to go to when you want to be in the East Village but not - meaning, when you find yourself smack in the middle of the village coming straight from work and still in a suit. You can run here for cover. This place is pretty spacious, made up of a hiphop room, 80's/pub room, and a laid back lounge upstairs. This place proves that people with differences can infact coexist under one roof - and that's hot. Of the few times I've been here, it's also never too packed, so if you have a crowd of wandering friends, consider dropping by here.
After dinner with my GF we went to Solas for a few drinks.. Good Music, the bartenders know how to mix and the bouncers are very cool but know how to keep the trouble out.  I'd definitely come back and plan to
We entered expecting to find the usual bar-scene of St. Marks; packed to the gills, please make yourself at home by hanging out against that wall....Nope. This bar is a Mary Poppins bag; a side door will reveal a complete and sparce seating area; upstairs there is yet another lounging area with a bar, and another curtain-covered room with lots of couches and space to chill (This is the 80's room, and the only one where you can dance in) it IS super packed, shoulder to shoulder, but this bar is a great place to get drunk, mingle, and lounge around with friends. The music downstairs needs some reworking, but other than that, it's all fours.
love on a friday/saturday night not too crowded/quick to get in cozy area (dimly lit) upstairs and downstairs bars, two sections on the bottom with one being more of a mini-dance floor. love coming here because the drinks are pretty cheap for the city and thus, people in a generally very cheery/friendly mode due to a high level of intoxication. the music is also pretty good for dancing. gets pretty hot/sweaty/crowded on the dance floor since it's smaller in size...good for a small groups or just people who enjoy a strong drink and dancing! not sure on the food/if they have food here. go for chill drinks/dancing! also great if you have a few friends in town. i always rarely remember leaving once i get there...thanks, solas drinks.
Ladies and gents come visit Solas, a fine nightlife spot that has something for everyone. One room of the club totin' a fairly sized bar and tables for those who wish to converse while sipping drinks, and the other room of the club set up lounge style, along with dance space and booths for the folks wishing to mingle in this type of setting. Can't complain about the service. With two bars to choose from, bartenders are usually quick to make drinks. On more laid-back nights, servers come around to take orders. And yes, though I've only been here twice, ladies the rumors I heard were true - we are bound to meet guys, good looking ones at that. The ratio is in our favor. Don't fret boys, I have seen many-a-pretty lady on the nights I have been here. 'Nuff said.
I was here a few weeks back. This place is great. I had a party of about 25-35 people and they were very accommodating! Fred (the sound check guy) was extremely friendly and helpful in watching our bags and everything. The music is great, lots of top hits. Didn't try the drinks but they seemed good! The crowd was also great! Would recommend!
we went during labor day weekend so it was pretty empty - but i can see this place being pretty awesome. They have 2 rooms - one plays bruce springstein and other such 80s rock music - which i am a fan of - the other room plays hip hop, house, reggae, and basically anything you ask the dj to play - which i am also a fan of. If you've graduated college - you're gonna be one of the older people here b/c this is def an nyu hang out - but I liked it, i'd go again as long as there were more ppl. The martinis here are really cool too - they have a blueberry cheesecake martini and a few chocolate martinis that have a hershey kiss at the bottom - our waitress even brought us out some hershey kisses to munch on.   A bar that gives out chocolate and a DJ who will listen to me?  Definitely a do.
pretty big place. the ladies working behind the bars are great, according to me. would def go again.
Visit the happy hour here from 4-8PM. (I went on a Friday). $4 draft beers (Guinness included) and sangria. I wouldn't recommend the Sangria though, but $4 Guinness!! It's a nice little place, there wasn't a crowd when I went which is a plus for me because you can actually hear your conversation with your friends. =)
Big open dance floor. Okay, fun crowd. Reasonably priced drinks.
Stumbled in here one Friday night, completely underdressed but ready to have a good time. And I did. Fun crowd, fun music, fun times. I'll be back. No cover charge!
Decently fun place for a saturday night. There are a few different rooms/spaces - a main bar room with people mostly standing around, a big side room that is mostly dancing, and an upstairs that has another dance floor and some seating. There might be more spaces, but I didn't see any more while I was there. Overall, I'd say it's a pretty average place. Nothing jumps out at you about the decor, nor does the vibe change drastically (or at all) from room to room. The drinks were fine, but not great. The DJ mixed music you were happy to hear, but not in a way that made you appreciate his skills terribly. One plus is that there were quite a few bar areas, so you never had to wait too long for a drink. It was pretty loud even in the bar room, becuase the music was spilling over from the other rooms, but what else can you expect on a Saturday night? All in all, if you're there with friends, you can have a pretty good time. Just don't expect a distinctive experience.
This is a very easy-going upscale and non-pretentious neighborhood bar. I found that Bull Mcabe's was charing $15 for an Irish Cars (can't say the rest because I'm at work) and when asked why? They said, "Well it's because it's Saint Patty's day baby!" Well- I'll tell you what Bull Mcabes... screw you. So I came here and it wasn't much different in terms of pricing but it wasn't outrageous. The people were very cool in the bar/club area. The bartender was awesome. However, I have a gripe with the guy. I usually tip $1 per drink/shot no matter what. I think that's a fair amount and a standard amount as I have been to countless bars. So I put all the drinks on the bill and then per drink I tipped $1 cash. I had a total of 6 shots. I tipped $8 in cash. I also offered to buy the bartender a shot but he declined which is fine. At the end- when I paid for my tab- I put down the tip as "CASH" which at this point I already tipped $8 for 6 drinks. I saw that I had an extra dollar left over and I decided to just throw that in the pot of tips as well, which were already collected from each shot/drink I ordered. So- I guess I confused the bartender that I only tipped him $1 on a $44 tab? Then he gave my girlfriend attitude questioning that move. I guess he must have been drinking because he forgot the $8 in tips I gave him earlier (within 30 minutes). I supposed the misunderstanding came when I gave him my left-over dollar and he misunderstood it as the tip? Whatever- that ruined my night and I'm still bitter about it on Monday (this happened Saturday night/Sunday morning for St. Patty's day). Really bothered me. Still does. Cool place though. I would def go back. I would give it 3.5 stars because of my tipping experience. I'll round up to 4 stars instead of 3 though. I'll definitely be back and this time make sure that the tip is in credit so that the place doesn't falsely accuse me of being cheap. Great place to dance. 4/5 for Atmosphere 4/5 for Pricing 2/5 for Experience on my tipping behavior 5/5 for their non-pretentiousness (Maybe because it was St. Patty's but I'll re-try this theory) 3.5/5 for overall experience BUT I'll round up because I liked the place a lot more.
Sangria !! what else to do want me to say. This place has one of the best sangrias ive ever had. Very good happy hour and very nice staff. No food on premises but you're welcome to order or bring your own. Its a very cozy and relaxing atmosphere.
Hit-or-miss experience with this place - during prime hours on Friday or Saturday nights, the dance floor feels like the crowd has been stuck inside a vacuum-seal bag and all the air taken out, that's how jammed it can get. Trying to dance those nights is always some combination of my elbow in someone's stomach / other's feet on my toes... When I've been there on off-times, the music still great, but there's room to breathe, actually! During these times - the place is a blast.
Line outside for no reason. Line at coat check for no reason. Line for the bathroom for no reason. (Well, I guess there was a reason for this one. There aren't enough bathrooms for a venue this size.) Crowded for no reason. Weak drinks for no reason. They scanned my driver's license which I thought was incredibly stupid as I don't like people having my personal information and they never looked at the picture on the front or my own face to verify that it was me and not some 14 year old with her mom's license. Another review referred to the curtained off section to your right as the sweat box. They did not lie. It's the only section playing music loud enough to dance to and it's a quarter the size of the entire joint. Not smart. It was hot, sweaty, crowded and inconsistent. They would play 2 really good songs, and then 7 really mediocre ones. Anytime you wanted to go somewhere you were always bumping and pushing people to move and it gets tiresome after like, I don't know, 5 minutes. All that to say, Solas is a waste of time. I think the only reason it's even half as crowded as it is, is because of it's proximity to NYU.
Lots of open seating, but unfortunately prices were a bit steep considering the area. Two Jamesons on the rocks came out to $18. Nice vibe, but maybe it would be better during happy hour.
Twenty minutes inside this bar made me grateful that I was not born and raised to be a person who would enjoy hanging out in a place like this. So many things wrong here, I don't even know where to start. Okay, I do. The music. Standing, nay, huddling in a corner on the second floor of this place, wondering exactly where my Friday night had gone wrong and led me to Solas, I was treated to no less than FOUR separate DJs or music tracks simultaneously blaring top 40 crap in different sections of the bar, converging and becoming an even more horrible din. As I stood there being jerked around, pushed, and run into by over-done Staten Island girls trying to squeeze past me, quickly drinking my overpriced drink, I felt like a powerless little ball inside a horrible pinball machine inside an arcade. In hell. Soulless, NEVER AGAIN.
This is an average club/lounge in NY. The inside is nice, with 4 different rooms to choose from.   I personally think they play the best music in the bar room/upstairs, but they have the most room in the top 40 room.  Drinks are whatever, but that isn't what i go here for. i mainly go here to dance because the dance floor is huge and no one here really dances.  I like the fact i can always tangibly feel the jealously and hate in the room from other males cuz they have no rhtyhm and their women are staring hard.  Pretty much this has occured 100% of the times i've been here. The DJ is probably pretty good when he doesn't have to cater to the top 40 crowd.  When we get down he will always sneak in some tracks that generally are not heard in a place like this.  Like a Eric B and Rakim, Afrika Bambatta, or a hard funk cut.  I remember once i was rocking an Oakland A's jersey and he threw on 93' Til Infinity.   Props man props.
I might have liked this place three years ago when I was in college and had no standards. I've only been on weekend nights and it's been really crowded and disgustingly hot both times. Might not be a problem if the lights were a little dimmer and you didn't have to actually see how sweaty and gross everyone is. Drinks are overpriced, music is outdated (and not in an- omg i love this song from the 90s kind of way), and the crowd is pretty much all college students. I did come here for a private event during the week once upstairs and it was decent, but obviously not the norm experience.
I went here to meet some friends, as per their suggestion. When we arrived some were already outside, after 10 minutes prior saying they had just arrived. First sign of danger. They warned us not to go in, but we shrugged and said "how bad could it be?" and proceeded in. It was bad. It was like cattle being herded in there. I (miraculously) spotted my friend in the crowd, about 15 feet away, yet it took a good 5-6 minutes to reach her. There were way too many people crammed into such a small space which inevitably caused a rouge drink to spill on my (hot headed) friend, which almost caused a conflict.   We stayed to finish our generously poured drinks. That was the highlight. The drinks are cheap and large. My boyfriend and I strayed from the crowed to quickly gulp our drinks and leave, but once we were out of the crowd the music became more prominent. I'm pretty sure the DJ stole my iPod from 7th grade playing such tracks as "Miami" by WIll Smith and "The Thong Song." Don't go. Unless you're deaf.
Bartender was an asshole. Basically begging for tips.
Gotta say, I really enjoyed my time here, and it looked like everyone around me was, too. The scene here is infectiously happy-go-lucky. If you want to dance, then dance! Wanna chill? Chill! Feeling the urge to belt out the chorus to Katy Perry's "Firework"? Then do it, because that group of buff frat boys in the corner weren't afraid to! There are no judgmental sourpusses or condescending bar tenders to keep you from having a good time, though a bouncer will ask your group to climb down from the table. Strictly for your own safety though ;) Love their drink specials. Went on a Sunday night, which was surprisingly busy. Possibly because they had $5 mojitos? And they were making the mojitos right, down to muddling the mint leaves and fresh lime wedges. This drink was so popular that at the upstairs bar they ran out of supplies. When the bar tender asked me to wait, I didn't mind, but after paying ahead, waiting 20 minutes by the bar and then I find out she forgot about our drinks, well, that docked a star from an otherwise 4-star experience. Otherwise, great place to group up, start the night and END the night!
great happy hour till 8.
I love to dance to pop music and this place definitely puts on 100 billboard music. Place is pretty jam backed on a Saturday night. They have upstairs and spots hidden behind a curtain, but all equally small and hard to really dance like crazy. Music are different in each area so feel free to moving around. Drinks are decent considering the price which range from 7-12 bucks. I must say if you get top-shelf drinks, their cups tend to be smaller. I wouldn't go for beer since their cocktails are pretty much equal in price.  (***) Tip: Getting drinks is hard on the ground floor, I recommend getting your drink upstairs since it's easier to get through. People actually leave the bar once they get their drinks unlike the people on the ground floor. Bathroom is unisex so expect it to get dirty. I only come here because it's free entrance and lines usually are not long at all. (*) Beware of the bouncers. I can't say for all nights, but this time, the bouncer randomly swung his arm and broken an innocent man's nose. I must say if you want to stop a fight, don't start one yourself. For all I know, it should be him getting arrested and not the innocent bystanders. (-*)
Celebrated a joint birthday party here and we reserved the upstairs room which was perfect!! The place was PACKED PACKED PACKED that night and the room was large and private enough to make it feel like we had a lounge to ourselves. It was also steps from the bar and bathroom.  The staff was really accomodating especially when we asked if they could turn the music down a bit in our room and the bartender was really helpful.
I like this place because I'm not a big fan of most clubs. This place has a room that reminds me of a frat house basement - but it's great for dancing. It also has a room with a traditional bar, and another room, upstairs, which is more lounge-y. Each room has different music and a different vibe - and each room also has its own bar. It's nice to be able to leave the dance floor to just chill at a regular bar without having to step outside. The drinks are reasonably priced too. Only downside? This place can get PACKED on the weekend, and the crowd can be a strange mix.
So I had my bday party here and it was fabulous.  I didnt want to have to pay for table and bottle service, but just ensure that we have an area of the bar and my friends could get in without a problem.  This place guaranteed that.  We had the upstairs area with a bunch of tables for our party, and the music was good as well.  The bartender was awesome making the drinks so strong and not expensive either, $7 a drink.  If you wanted to dance, downstairs was more for that scene but we were making out own dance party upstairs as well.  Thanks so much Kevin and the crew at Solas for making it a great hectic free bday.
I can't get enough of this place.  There's no cover, plenty of dancing space, an unpretentious crowd, it's great for groups, they have $5 mojitos and margaritas Sunday through Thursday, and the music is good (some mix of top 40/hip-hop/R&B, though I'm usually pretty drunk here and rarely remember, so maybe I'm wrong).  What's there to *not* love?  My only semi-complaint is that they don't open the second room or upstairs on Thursday nights. In addition, this past Thursday, I accidentally took someone else's coat (instead of mine), which I somehow didn't even realize until Sunday--when I went back to return it to the club that afternoon, the bartender (Paul) went out of the way to take me downstairs to the lost and found to drop it off, and see if mine was there.  I've forgotten to close tabs and watched my friends lose things many a time over the years, and I've rarely had such a positive experience going back to claim said items.  Thanks Paul! Oh, and if you're reading this and lost your coat this past Thursday, you should go take a look...
pricey drinks.  crap atmosphere.  bad sound system.  grumpy management.  AVOID AVOID AVOID
This place is AWESOME for getting blackout drunk. I went there last night for my girlfriends birthday and the first thing I get was a Long Island Iced Tea. Yeah I'm from Long Island and that's the stuff everyone drinks there so I had to. I was also rollin with 8 of my boyz that just took the LIRR in. Money. Anyway after the bartender rolled her eyes I get this 20 oz. cup, I mean MUG of Long Island iced tea-ness. Kill it in 5. Don't remember much. Chicks were plenty smokin. Dudes were all snotty like they went to Cornell or somethin. Whatever, I'd go back.
I was here for a friend's birthday party last night and it wasn't too bad.  One of the pipes was leaking near the bathrooms, so drops of water would just fall on you, or in your drink without you knowing.  Obviously that sucked, but it was a double-suck because my friend's birthday group was in that area. Anyway, some other friends and I explored the other parts of Solas since the leaky pipe caused us to roam around. The rooms are kind of different.  When you first enter the place, you're in like a dive or Irish-pub.  The room next to it is like the 'night-club' experience with the DJ and an open floor and though Lady Ga-Ga was telling us to 'Just Dance,' everyone was going by the beat of "just stand."  Then upstairs it was less loud and it was more private, but my friend I just crashed somebody's party for a few minutes and nobody seemed to notice.  If it weren't for the leaky pipe or the boring-ass crowd in the 'club' room, it may have been a little more fun.  But I'll give this three-stars because it's got something for everyone.  And the drinks weren't expensive, and they definitely didn't skimp on the alcohol. And my friend said management was nice to her when she was planning this, so, that's cool.
I'll be frank, this place has been my back up weekend "go to" place if all other alternatives failed. Don't take it as a knock to your prestige or allure SOLAS, it's just nice to try a different venue every now and then. Every time some uber expensive, at times pretentious club or lounge ruins one of our nights, we all congregate at SOLAS and dance/drink the night away.
came couple times on saturday nights. upstair is more loungy where u can hang out, talk, have a drink, and chill with friends, downstairs is more dancy, except waaay too crowded
Mixed feelings.  On the one hand, it's nice to have a place to dance that's less douchey and has less guidos than the places in Meatpacking.  Also, the music was pretty good and fun to dance to.  You won't find much dubstep here.  There is a line at the door, but it moves quickly and they don't turn people away.  There was no cover on a Saturday night. On the other hand, it's soo packed. I nearly had my drink spilled on me several times while trying to make my way to the bathroom.  Also, there was a separate bouncer just to get onto the main dance floor since it was so crowded. I'd love to go back and give it another try, maybe on a less crowded night.  But when it's really crowded, it's miserable.
it's ok, nice decor. one time i went i got to play connect 4! the two timesive been there, it has been kinda dead... cheap drinks though =)
I went here for a birthday party recently and it was alright. The space was big enough and it wasn't as if everyone was on top of each other. It seems like they have at least 2 different djs going on upstairs and downstairs which was great...at first. I starting moving around  and heard Katy Perry's Firework about 4 times within 20 minutes. Its like i left one room and  it would start up and then travel to another and it would be ending or starting or in the middle. Maybe they thought people didn't shift from spot to spot, and they wouldn't notice.Soon it seemed like they had about 5-6 songs on rotate. I just left then. Drinks were alright but I didn't pay so I don't know about pricing. It's not the worst or best place, but I certainly don't think you'll be sharing any "wild night at Solas" stories.
this place is mediocre, but i suppose it depends on your preferences for nightlife atmospheres. i've been on a friday and saturday night and i'll give it some kudos for actually being well-populated all the time, until the wee hours of the morning. the music is pretty good though the last time i went they were replaying the entire set three hours later. i was also turned off by the $20 card minimum, practically forcing you to open a tab. i wasn't into the average, boring, standard button-down quasi-frat like crowd there, and the different areas/floors don't make up for it.
Had a fun time dancing with friends until the security staff got completely out of control.  My friend got thrown out for jumping up and down (apparently it was dangerous because he's tall, go figure).  The guy literally strong armed him out of the bar, which was completely unnecessary because he wasn't even trying to fight it, just completely confused and bewildered.   Then some hot headed bouncer got in his face when he asked why he was throwing him out.  Choice words were exchanged and this ended in 5 bouncers taking him down to the ground on the sidewalk and kicking him a couple of times. In the process I was knocked down and instead of an apology the guy called me b***h. The whole scene was ridiculous, and needless to say I will not be going back. Definitely a fun dance party but don't get too into it otherwise you're likely to get thrown out.
friendly bartenders, cheap drinks, and good music - the reasons i find myself at solas so often.  i'm not sure what it's like during the weekend, but it's cool during the week.  love!
This really deserves 4.5 stars and my rating is based on the service, prices, and ambiance. Walking in this place is pretty big.  I came for happy hour since well...the prices are great!  Draft beer, mojitos, margaritas, and a few other options are all only $4 until 8pm.  After that they go up to a whopping $5! -- my humor :) The drinks themselves were not terribly strong but I personally don't like them full of alcohol.  Another thing I liked about this place was that you are allowed to bring in food until 9pm.  I got some chinese take out and enjoyed it with my drinks. The table space is a little awkward.  I was with one other person and it was horribly cramped.  Luckly some people got up from the bar and we were able to move.  I would say there were 20 people in there for happy hour on a Wednesday.  They played a nice mix of tunes not just top 40 blah. The bartender was super nice and friendly.  I will certainly return for their happy hours!
decent happy hour prices, definitely a bar without and identity.  better than some of the other after work bars around astor place.
One of my favorite dance clubs because it's more like a casual bar with a DJ. This is not a place you should find yourself sober. It's always full of people, I've heard it's hit or miss on the crowd but I always seem to meet decent people here. It's a good place to dance your heart out. Try making it your 2nd or 3rd stop of the night, and you'll have a great time. (Take advantage of coat check in the basement, my friend's coat got stolen here)
Wayyyyy to crowded on a Saturday night. Like, really crowded. And there was a strange leak coming from the ceiling -- I kid you not. Besides for being groped as I was leaving (also not kidding) drinks were pretty decently priced. Didn't have a terrible time. Could do better, could do worse.
Solas is a giant contradiction.  It's a bar with a definite lounge feel, though no one is dancing.  The DJ is about 45 years old and looks like a hippy from the 60's, but the crowd is mainly NYU students.  The young crowd flocks to the bar areas, making it impossible to get a drink and leaving lots of empty space along the outer areas.  The space itself is cool, offering a variety of rooms, some on a second floor.  I hear the Red Room upstairs is the best, though I could not even get past the top of the staircase.  Each room offers several tables that can be reserved without a bottle minimum, plus there is no cover; so it is a great place for a birthday party.  The music was mainly rock and pop, although some hip hop got thrown in towards the end of the evening.  The mix was decent and full of sing-along hits, but was way too loud for a more intimidate space like Solas. I would go back there again, but it would not be a first choice...
Venue is great.... the crowd is overly pretentious; I'm born and raised in NYC and never encountered a more arrogant/nasty crowd in my life! I reserved a section for my 25th birthday and the entire time another party kept crowding us in. I spoke with a waitress and asked her to tell the other party to stay to their section. The guy she spoke to was all like "sure no problem" and immediately after she walked away was like "I'm not fucking moving" ...way to be a rude fucking dick...I confronted him only to experience his arrogance head on. If I was a guy I would of popped him in the face but he's one of the guys who grows brass balls when a woman is around...SHOCKER. Went downstairs where they were playing fun music only again to encounter a pretentious want to be "Travy McCoy". All in all if you can avoid getting irritated by really douchy guys you may enjoy this play but if your a girl who doesn't play that kinda bullshit don't waste your time because your going to be in fight mode. West side has been so much better , tonight has definitely clarified the difference.
I LOVEEEEEEEE their sangria (both red AND white), and they're just 5 bucks! Classy bar, perfect for a relaxing night after work. On the week nights, there are no bouncers and no one to bother you. On the weekends, it's like a club, with a variety of music playing in different areas. I love that they have the bar connected to a lounge, and an upstairs with different rooms. This place is fun to explore. I've never been to a bar I actually want to go back to, but this is IT! =)
I was there on a Friday night and left my jacket at the bar.  When I called, the staff was extremely polite and kind.  The bartender light-heartedly threatened to donate it to the NYPD coat drive if I didnt pick it up within a month.  A fair threat.  They had the jacket in the back in perfect condition.  What a happy ending!   Also the bar itself is obviously awesome.
This place is pretty spacious, with about 3 rooms amongst 2 floors.  Come here for their happy hour for $4-5 mojitos/sangrias/sex on the beach drinks.  Our first round was too packed with mint leaves, but the second round of mojitos were a lot stronger and less minty. Sometimes the second floor is closed off, sometimes they have salsa dancing on the dance floor, sometimes it's just a dive type lounge and other times it's a grindin' club.  It all depends on the night you go!
Fun for drinks on a weekend if you are in the area. Good choice of modern pop/rock music
I never got into Solas, so why and how am I even reviewing this place??? Well, I had an experience with one of the bouncers who was a complete ignorant a-hole. Came here around midnight on Sunday morning with a group of 12 people. One of the guys in the group was feeling a bit nice, so he was just getting the line pumped up to go into Solas. When it was our turn to get in, the bouncer said "Sorry. We are only taking private parties". I got a little bit upset because the bastard was obviously lying and he didn't let us in because he thought my group was going to be a problem sort of speak.
you can't beat drunken connect four.
This place has always been my go to spot if I'm ever in the area for a chill and fun evening. Sometimes it's a hit or a miss depending on the occasion and day. Like everyone says - drinks are not expensive. The music is good most of the time. Last time I went they were playing top 40 and mix in 90s hits. It was weird but fun at the same time. Too bad they don't take special requests. I think my only con about this place is the fact that the dance floor side (the right side of the lounge/club) gets super crowded - like really really crowded. My friends and I were dancing toward the exit door and it was still too crowded. However, I love this place. So if I'm ever in the area I will definitely hit up Solas. ~happy clubbing!
met a girl here late late night on saturday. i went to a few bday parties here about 4 years ago. which is pretty on par with the age group that frequents this place. lots of 21-24 year olds dancing to hip hop. gets hot and crowded. i feel like the place has deteriorated a bit in terms of upkeep and cleanliness. if you really want to dance, i woudl suggest going to Lit or maybe in the meat packing. but hey, everyone has to make sacrifices.
Great place for a drink... the bar is nice... very loungy feel, on the weekends it gets pretty clubby but you can opt out n go upstairs or stay on the bar side. The bouncers and security are very thorough, never seen anything get out of hand, if you get too drunk they will throw you out.  Drink prices are not high, very average, I've never been charged a cover to get... yes i just said that... just gooo
This place is great for a night out with girls on Saturday. Actively pre-game, show up at 12:30 and have a blast dancing the night away. It's always good music and very sans guido.
Rude bouncers, thats the main reason this places has a bad rating from me. Came here for a friends bday party, which was fine. Nice waitress that came around often if anyone needed a refill on their drinks.  Music is a bit oldschool, and by that I mean from the 90s. HAha Which I guess its ok to hear anything different from whats on the Top 40 charts. But I stepped out to see a friend, the bouncer didnt ask to stamp my hand. I need to go back in to rejoin my friends and he wouldnt let me and told me to get in the line to enter the place. Ok..you just saw me come out..Rudeness to the max. Never coming back here.
I really want to love Solas... I really do. The bar is doing everything right: they're great about hosting groups and reserving tables without putting down a card or bottle service, they have decent DJ that plays stuff you can drunkenly dance to, and they have more girls bathrooms than boys (this is clutch). It's really the other patrons that tend to get in the way of Solas being a truly great experience. In the side room, where much of the dancing occurs, there is just too much shoving and bitchiness (mainly coming from a mix of the B&T crown and NYU undergrads). Someone always has to elbow you at the bar or hit you in the head with her bottle of Corona, all unapologetically (I speak from experience). I understand that movement in a place that packed (and there's also always a line) is challenging, but a little civility wouldn't hurt. Or maybe people should start dancing upstairs, too ;) In the end, I'll always go to Solas if someone suggests it, but I'll always end up ditching it for somewhere else as well.
Sup Solas! I stumbled into here with a friend. We were girl chasing, we were getting fatigued and had to get a Jager bomb. Cuz that's what all the honey's like seeing. 2 white males taking jager bombs. Just being bro's. All day and all night. anyway(z) its actually really nice in here. Several different spots to hang out in. Music is cool. I even started dancing. There has to be a viral video of it somewhere. I would go here. Its not like a hang out here all night place. but like a perfect hub connection for the village bars.
Eh I can see how this place could be fun but I was obviously not drunk enough to be here-- I'm only 22 and felt like I was older than everyone.  Kind of reminded me of a frat party
Went here for my birthday/my cousin's going away party at the suggestion of a friend. I think I would have gone with more of a 3.5 star rating, because I'd probably go back but its not the greatest place I've ever been. The DJ was great, it's definitely a dance spot. I also love that they have the private rooms upstairs that are free of charge. I recommend calling early to reserve though, because I called a week in advance and both rooms were already reserved. They did however give us two tables on the main floor, but then you have to deal with people trying to hook up in your booth all night. Drinks were good, and bartenders were lovely. I didn't get to go for happy hour but I know people who have gone and rave about it. One big con for me though was how crowded it gets. I missed most of my party just taking that odessey to the bathroom in the back (and ladies, u know when you drink your bladder has no stamina). If they had kept like twenty peopl outside, I would have been much happier. Or maybe if I had been able to book the room upstairs. I did have a security experience when my cousin got kicked out for being too drunk. But I actually like that they're no nonsense. The bouncer was otherwise very nice to us, and honestly everyone hates being in a crowded bar with that guy whose trashed and being annoying. So It's good to know you won't deal with that here, but you should stay in your lane or else get booted out the door. Overall, I would definitely go back but it's not necessarily my first choice. It could be, but it's just a little too crowded for my taste.
Very fun! went around 1am and got in no problem on a Saturday night over Thanksgiving weekend! lost my passport card there but called Monday and they had found it! very good staff, will be back!
