Eventful neighborhood bar tropix is my go to spot to get together with some friends and munch on baskets of wings. I've been coming here for ages and still think they have some of the best wings in town. And on Mondays they special for 35 cents a wing!! Man you truly can't go wrong. I love that's they have different specials every night of the week. Best bang for the buck sometimes. And don't get me started on the waitstaff girls... Aoooogaaah! They get better with the seasons. And while on the topic of tropix girls.. They host an annual bikini contest which puts any place to shame.. Latin American beauties strolling up and down the bar wearing nothing but 2 piece that's held by a string. Drinks are good, service can lack at times, but it's busy, so you know. Find a special night and get your group together. And for goodness sake.. Try the Jack Daniels wings! You'll eat the bones
Tropix is am awesome place for great food, hanging out w a group of friends or just watching the game. Best day is Monday night.. the wings are awesome and 35 cent . I highly recommend the jack Daniels wings, personal favorite. Add that with the chips and guacamole and a fresh salad with carrots n celery sticks. Will make for an awesome meal.  The wings come in a basket of ten. U like to drink? Well mondays are 2 for 1 special.. or just get a bucket for 4 or more ppl. Great neighborhood spot. Having been coming here for years now. Cool owner. Great vibe. Grab your girl and go out on a Monday!!!
I have been coming to tropix for years & always had a  great time,  can't go wrong with a place where u can chill,  drink,  dance & eat all in one. The place looks great after its recent renovation, glad that this place is still around.
This spot has always been my go-to lounge close to home. You would usually find me here for their Monday night wings special. Tonight's after work special brought me here ..Alex, the bouncer is always there to make sure I'm getting good service which is why I'm still stopping by. Lilly my fav bartender is no longer there which sucks since she always knew my order
Horrible service. Waitress was rude and the new girls I feel bad for them as they have no guidance
I used to come here a lot on Monday nights when the wings were 25 cents. It used to be jam packed on Mondays. I came here recently again on a Monday and it was not crowded at all! They have renovated the place and there are completely new bartenders. I had my fav Jack Daniels flavored wings and a couple of drinks. The craziness is that gratuity is added onto the bill. So a bartender/waitress can give you horrible service but depending on how much money you spend the higher their tip is. Even though it wasn't what I remembered it being it was still a good experience post renovation and I will come again.
Good vibes good drinks. Bartenders super friendly. The mind bender drink is really good sweet and strong at the same time. They also have really good bar food better then most bars I have eatin at. love their cheese fries, Sooo good. Not a bad place to go to with friends have a couple a drinks and something to munch on.
3 stars because of the weak a** drinks they make here. You're better off taking 10 shots of liquor. My babe & I started off with a Mango Mojito that tasted like mint leaves, seltzer w. a splash of mango juice. Where was the liquor?! We told the waitress, she tried our drink then took it away & added more rum to it. She actually made it worst. It was terrible!! Next we had a L.I.T, that tasted like a bottled version you can buy at the liquor store MINUS the liquor. Umm O_o On to the patron shots that tasted like water. I'm not a big fan of tequila especially not straight up but he wanted me to take shots with him so I obliged. I tossed all 4 of my Patron shots back like I was gargling with salt water. That's insane. I don't think we had Patron but instead some water down El Cheapo tequila.
I went on a Wednesday night with my boyfriend. Never, ever, ever again! If I can give it zero stars, I would!! Service was horrible on a empty Wednesday night. We were not greeted or seated when we arrived. We arrived at around 8 pm ordered about 10 minutes after and it was 845 pm and we were still waiting for our food. The waitress was rude and never came to check to see if we needed anything. She did not inform us about what was going on with our food or apologized. Not to mention the table in front us was complaining about the same waitress. Tall waitress with the tattoos, stay away shes obnoxious, and rude.
There's nothing bad to say about traffic although it is quite expensive for drinks and they don't make it clear with drink specials they are the women behind the bar very beautiful and they're very friendly the place is kinda crowded but that's why it's a great place to come its popular they have an upstairs and I believe you can rent the back for a small party lunch time all the way through the night it can be crowded specially Friday night Saturday night they have different live performances whether it's a band or to dance studio in progress all in all I would definitely come here with a date or my friend the groups they have many TVs if you like salsa and Latin American music right place all the popular games and fights on television are given here it's definitely a place to bring a date and dance a little salsa Although the only problem is parking sucks I did get a 35 dollar ticket because the meter ran out & I was having such a good time and it took me almost a half an hour to find that
Unfriendly, bad service from numerous staff members.  In addition to a bad attitude, our waitress was no where to be seen, so I had to get up to ask for water.  When I asked for water at the bar, I was told I needed to get bottled water... when I said I was at a table & wanted tap, she still pushed the bottles.   Along with the bad service, we also were given some below-average wings... so do not visit this place.
The place looks nice & very clean. Food is average. They got 28 sauces for chicken wings which is good to try but if you want to drink alcohol definitely not the best place. My friends & I ordered topshelf cocktails and they all taste nothing. My frozen pinacolada tasted more like plain ice. It has no taste at all when a waitress was called to ask to pour more alcohol she said she cant do it bec the pina colada is made from a machine like the slushy machine from 7/11. Alcohol has poor quality i think its better to drink beers.
Tropix was closed for a few weeks for renovations.  I eagerly awaited their reopening, remembering their amazing Monday night wings special.  Good, dependable bar food and affordable happy hour specials. Went back last night, looking forward to reliving the fun times again.  Unfortunately it wasn't quite the same.  The wings are now $0.35 (used to be $0.25) and happy hour ends at 6pm.  And there is a 2 drink minimum per person.  We had very diluted cocktails at $8.25 each, in Rego Park. We just missed happy hour when we arrived, at 6:05pm and we had a movie to catch at 7:30 so we weren't going to be there for long.  The fact that happy hour is only for 4pm-6pm says a lot about what kind of patrons they are trying to bait.   In the past, I came here with friends that didn't drink alcohol - now that Tropix has a 2 drink minimum, the place is off the list for our outings.  I'm okay with the 2 drink minimum, as long as they have servers to come by and take orders.  We ordered our wings and 1st round of drinks, then the waitress was literally no where to be seen for another half an hour.  The wings were served quickly in the beginning, but as soon as the places fills up, we had to wait 20 minutes for an order that never showed up.  The first batch of wings had very little sauce on it, while they were tasty, they were also quite dry.  So for the 2nd order I asked for extra sauce on the wings and they gave us some on the side.   We ordered another basket at the end, checking the clock and made sure we had plenty of time before we had to leave.  But they never arrived and we had to run.  The waitress was no where around for us to order another round or to get the check.  When we finally got her attention and told her about our predicament - we had to leave to catch a movie and we needed the check she strolls back to the register, and then returns to us stating that there's a 2 drink minimum.  Mind you, we were there for about an hour and the waitress disappeared for half the time.   We get another round of diluted drinks, and the check.  To my surprise there was an extra charge for the sauce on the side (that she didn't give us a heads up about) and an automatic 18% gratuity on top.  There were a group of loud and obnoxious people sitting at the bar which added to the unenjoyable environment. I get that they just spent money on renovations (I can't tell what they did different, but it seems somewhat less grimy than before and maybe better sound system), and they need to recover the costs but the awful inattentive service and watered down drinks will not get them there.   The bathroom on the ground level was not accessible the entire time - I don't think they were done fixing it up yet.  So we had to use the restrooms downstairs.  I noticed that there were video cameras everywhere - by the restroom exits downstairs and when you get back up to ground floor.  Yes, they are there for your safety, but a tiny bar like this that needs this many security cameras makes me feel totally unsafe. What used to be great is no more, I'd go to Buffalo Wild Wings in a heartbeat, or maybe Dallas BBQ up the block.
Always liked the place. Food is good and I know a few employees there. Lately the management decided to add the automatic pourers to there bottles. Worse decision ever in a place that always served great drinks they are really week and taste like juice. If management can control the pour and spike up the drinks a bit that would be great but hate to spend my money on weak drinks especially when you pay good money for them. Hope they take that into consideration otherwise there beer sales may go up unless people go elsewhere.
The first experience I had was not so great but I gave it another chance and I'm glad I did. The service has improved and the sangria was delicious. I will be returning .
I have been coming to this place for a while. Especially cause they make the best wings. What I am angry about because I use to love is that they increased the cost of wings by ten cents each. That was not cool and I am going to have to find a new bar to get my wings. I can't afford 35 cents a wing. That is an extra dollar for every 10 wings. Ten dollars for a 100 wings. If I ate a 1000 wings then it is a 100 extra dollars.
With my most recent visit id figured it was about time I updated my review. As the years have gone by Tropix has proven to be a great spot with some changes along the way the most obvious change being it's recent renovation. The lounge area seems more spacious , nice couches , huge fish tank , new Dj area & new Bar. The best of these changes is the new bathrooms great improvement if u ever went to Tropix before u know the bathroom situation was a hot mess specially for the ladies. Now located below its so much better, easier & not smack in the middle of the dance floor. As far as specials go these have some small changes , Monday night wings went from 25 to 35 cents no big deal here small price to pay for such delicious wings. Still plenty of flavors to try with the Spicy Adobo & Asian Sesame being some good choices. Still my fav is the Garlic Parm. The wing sampler gives u a chance to try 3 at a time not bad specially if u can't choose. As far as food goes delicious Chicken Burrito , this is a nice size & accompanied by a small salad. The Cuban Sandwich was pretty good too comes w Fries , I've tried it w Yuca fries instead way better. The Yuca fries are delicious. Lots of New Drinks mixes to choose from the Conga was great tasting with a decent amount of alcohol to it & for Mexican Night on wednesday Passion Fruit margaritas are pretty good by the Pitcher. As always there are plenty of specials during the week along with rotating Dj's & lots of events occurring. There has been staff changes & not a lot of the original girls are around any more the current girls are not bad cool & friendly. Prices have change but not by much & the service is still friendly & quick enough.. Of course this varies depending on how busy the place is. Gary's the man for maintaining this place as a place u want to come back to time & time again. I have been coming here for years & it is still my favorite local spot all this time & Tropix has yet to disappoint.
After a year of hating Tropix, I decided to give it another chance this past Monday- the week after their rebranding. Tropix has more of a fun/lounge feel now, whereas before it was more a dark sports bar/confused lounge atmosphere. Didn't go upstairs so can't speak to the VIP area. Got here around 7, very quickly got a table for 4 on Monday (wing night, game night!!) but the space did fill up, becoming a comfortable full by 9:30 when we took our leave. Waitress was nice, even accommodating us when 2 more joined our party, asking her friends to sit another table so our party of 6 could all be together. Service was a bit choppy but drinks & wings came out quickly enough. Some were hot, some tasted a bit overcooked, but nothing too nasty. I do wish the wings could be saucier or have the flavors sunk in more, but they weren't bad. We got our standard order of garlic parm, thai chili, spicy bbq, tropix green, cranberry mustard, sweet/spicy and a few others and all wings were happily devoured by all. Things to note: Happy hour (2 for 1 drinks) now end at 7 Bucket specials don't start til 8pm Wings have increased in pricing from 25 cents to 35 cents! They have shocktop pumpkin as a seasonal ale-- but it was underwhelming (no pumpkin flavor) There's now an aquarium next to the bar (used to be empty space, can't remember?) Bathrooms are downstairs only. There used to be one on the ground floor- right by the aquarium, but they've since converted that into something else (not available for public use) Yes, gratuity is still automatically included Nice job on the improvements Tropix, you'll see me back again, perhaps even on another Monday night!
I've been here twice.  The first time I came here with my mother, it was a Friday night, we sat at the bar and had this lovely bartender attend us.  She was fantastic, made delicious drinks and highly energetic.  My mother loved her personality.  Music was great that night, super packed. The second time I came here, which was this past Saturday, I came with some friends who reserved bottle service and ordered some chicken wings... I wouldn't reserve a table here, but to each their own.  We got there at 10pm and a bottle was immediately delivered to our table..little early but oh well.  The birthday girl got a complimentary glass of champagne which was a nice touch.  Chicken wings weren't great, nothing left to say about them.   Music was mainly latin, after all, Saturday at Tropix is Latin Night.  But they mixed it up a little which was cool. Super crowded, even though the place is small, so it's pretty easy to fill up quickly.  The crowd is older, wannabe sugar daddies every where, no thank you! It's an alright place, I would stop by for a drink but it's not my go to spot, not a place I'd spend all night in, just a place I'd stop in for a drink. Inexpensive as well, $100 bottle before midnight, not bad at all!
Love the place!!! Have been coming here for years... the drinks are great and the food is super yummy! Tropix wings amazing... 28 flavors. If you like spicey wings order the hot wings... they r good!!! So are the honey hot wings....35 cent wings on Mondays!!!
Been here a few times with friends and have had a great time. The food is great (especially wings) and the staff is super friendly - even when the crowd gets super rowdy.
I do like this place and their 25 cents wing nights on mondays...unfortunately this place is now closed from now till Oct 9 for renovations. I'll hope to come back when this place opens back up. The weirdest thing about this place when I went here last time was that their single-person bathroom had two toilets in there, which I found hilarious. For a second, I thought their beers and wings really got me! I guess there's no such things as having too many toilets. =)
This place is over crowded and just way too small! Been there a couple of times. Will never return! Drinks are watered down! I ordered an amaretto sour and tasted like crap! The crowd there are very immature. Felt like I was back in high school with all the dirty looks from the female clientele!! Will definitely not be returning!!! Rather go to The Black Thorn..
My friend and I came to see the World Cup game. We ordered mojito, grape crush, fries and the wing sampler. Everything we had were very good and delicious! Angelina was our bartender. She is absolute friendly, sweet and helpful to give advices! Will definitely come again!!
Overall bad experience! The waitress was rude and obnoxious and was nowhere to be found most of the night. It was Monday night and pretty much dead and we were told that since we were a party of 2 and were sitting at a larger table, we would need to move when (more likely if) the place got more crowded and if that wasn't enough, she put a sign on our table that essentially said the same thing. Worst of all an 18% tip is included, so no incentive to provide good service. Oh and the wings were subpar to say the least. Do not visit this place.
Mondays. $0.25 wings. 16+ flavors. 10 genetically-modified jumbo wings per order. 2 drink minimum. Oh, and all the ratchet shit you grinded to at your junior high dances? They're playing it. Best: Cajun Ranch, island Heat, Spicy Adobo, Garlic Parm, Chipotle Rub, and one of the newer ones. I want to say Salsa Verde. Also awesome? The doorman. I got banned 2 Halloweens ago because I forgot my ID and look like a 12yo. I tried to use a friend's ID and when he wasn't having it, I tried to convince him it was only because duh, of course I don't look like that, I'm dressed as a mouse. But a month later I went back (no shame and hello, stupid good wings, I'M FOCUSED) and I went right in. As I was coming out, he told me he recognized me and didn't I see how he didn't give me any trouble? Very appreciative because THESE WINGS. Worst: The service. I've only ever had 2 nice waitresses here. I think there's an unspoken rule that if you're displaying 5 inches of cleavage or more, you're auto-exempt from smiling. They're also sometimes Nazis about how many glasses of beer are in a pitcher to force you into buying more to fulfill your drink minimum. One waitress went so far as to pour everyone's beer til they overflowed to prove her point. RUDE. Oh and don't get the buffalo flavor in any degree of spice. Super wack. Awkward: Men's bathroom, no stalls, no locks, 2 bowls. Dominican boys, please explain.
Sunday Night Foot ball !! Let's go Giants They have a 99cent Shot Special when any Ny team wins on half time or game !!! I'm there this Sunday :)
I've been to Tropix many times. The food, music and vibes are excellent but the service is always terrible. I've never had a pleasant experience with the waitresses or bartenders. I actually always get more help from the security guards than I do from the wait staff. I don't know if the problem is the place being under staffed because I've been there even on days when its not crowded at all and I still have the same issue. It's definitely a turn off.
Yes.. 1 star..for real  against 32 other reviewers. Let me explain what just happened. I've just now returned from this ridiculous place & wat is the first ting I do - I have to write a Review because I'm so bloody pissed off at the management. I live close by & this was my second visit today. I had this Restaurant.com coupon. We ordered & the server came back with aa check (without even us asking about the check) and said that her shift was getting over & here's the check....Really! Not to come back Reason #1: I've never seen a server so desperate for the tip for her tables. We announced that we wanna use the coupon & still have to order Entrees. And, I wanting her to get the tip, suggest that she takes the whole order & then get the check so that she can get the tip on the whole order. In the meant time, the Manager comes & announces that we can't use the coupon as it is only limited to Dine IN orders only & doesn't include the drinks & Entree specials. Did I mention already that this was our second time here with the Restaurant.com coupon? I tell the manager that if this is the case, then why did you accept the same coupon a few months ago for the whole order. To which the guy says it probably was the girl's mistake who punched it in.  Nice! I'm like..u know wat - there's no point arguing. It's all kool! And I paid the whole tab with 18% tip as our server was rushing out. I COULD STILL LIVE WITH ALL THAT HAS JUST HAPPENED. What happened afterwards, is totally unacceptable. We finished eating what we ordered and there's more than half my Chicken Fajita entree (Tex-Mex Wednesdays special - not that I was aware of until I walked in). I ask my NEW server that I'd like to take a box and she comes back after about 2 minutes to tell me that I can't. She goes - "The Rule is you can't take a box for your leftovers if you ordered from Entree specials" I'm like - are you even serious? You're not kidding with me..are you? She goes" No sir, I apologize. But, these are the RULES!" RULES...r u fucking  kidding me. I just paid for all that & now, I can't box it up. Is this freaking Primary School or what? That pretty much made my night & my Date was pissed as well...more on me for choosing a place like this than anything else. We were just hanging out casually tonight after work & since I had a good experience the first time, I thought it's a good place. Not to come back Reason #2: They Suck! But, There're 2 people in Queens who are never coming back at this place. My Word!
Chicken wings are my kryptonite.  I'm even a regular to the National Buffalo Wings Festival for the past few years so imagine my surprise that one of the best wings I've eaten comes from a neighborhood bar just down the street from me.  Tropix is loud.  Tropix is dark.  They have a few flat screens and a projector with either sports or girls dancing on all the time.  And there is a bathroom but there's no lock.   If this doesn't deter you by now then you're about to embark on a delicious journey.  They serve over 20 flavors of wings here.  And they don't cheat by claiming 5 varying degrees of heat constitutes 5 different flavors.  Here they have traditional flavors like hot, bbq and honey mustard.  But then they also throw in Jack Daniel's, blackened and apricot glazed.  For the even more exotic try habanero banana, chili lime, salt and vinegar or asian ginger.  If your mouth isn't starting to water by now maybe wings just aren't your thing.  Did I mention the wings are BIG too?!!  They're not like the tiny Korean fried chicken wings or Croxley Ale's midget specials. The service is quick and the waitresses are super friendly.  Come on a Monday after work to score these wings for 25c a piece and get their BOGO happy hour drink specials.  If tacos are more your speed, come Thurs when they're 50c a shell.
Just your average neighborhood bar. Nothing really special here if you happen to stumble in, although, their food is quite tasty. The bar is located towards the front with side seating for dinner, and if you want to get your dance on, then head towards the back. There are a few flat screens for game-watching while drinking or dancing. The Dance Floor- I think my room is bigger than the dance floor. If, not, it has to be equivalent or slightly less. If it gets crowded (very seldom), it can be a sweatbox. DJ- Make sure you call ahead of time to see what type of music the DJ is playing because some ppl may want to just two-step all night, but when they get there the DJ may be playing salsa. Signature Drink- I'm going to have to go with their Long Islands. One of the strongest I have ever tasted. In fact, I had to split one of my drinks with a friend.  After 1.5 Long Islands (large glass), I obviously couldn't make it back to Brooklyn that night. The Bathroom- The line is ridiculously long, providing the fact that they have one stall for each gender located right next to the dance floor. So watch out if you get wacked by a female if the DJ happens to put on "Do the Brown." That can leave a nasty bruise. Security- They make sure your face matches your ID. They actually double check, so make sure it is you and not your BFF. Privacy- This lounge does offer additional seating on the top floor overlooking the lounge for large parties and a smaller sectional downstairs towards the back. Pretty cool. All in all, I would go back once a year, just to get a buzz. Maybe even twice, if my friends drag me there, but it's nothing spectacular.
This place is tricky...some nights are pretty good and some nights are ghetto fab...I'm never sure what I'm stepping coming here. It seems like they've tried to clean it up by going with more Latin but they still have some of the old crowd. What I really don't like is the cover they charge on weekends...like seriously guys your a bar...not a club or a lounge for that matter, why the cover charge? It's not even cheap, it's like $10-$15...not cool for a local hang out which is what Tropix really is. It needs some updating but again this place is really more of a local hangout bar than a lounge. If it were more consistent with it's crowd it would get an easy 3 or 4...
What in the world would get me to travel all the way to Queens (when I live in BK) on a weeknight after work? How is it possible I was able to haul out 20+ friends to join me?? WINGS!!!! Besides wings, there's not much else I can say about Tropix as I haven't tried anything off the regular menu.  I'm making my 9th group trip out to Tropix tonight. They have 25 cent wings in 22 flavors and beer buckets to boot (Monday's only). I personally love the garlic parm, Jack Daniels, and teriyaki.. but they're all good! Servers are nice too, especially Kimberly. I even celebrated my birthday here. Some friends are still complaining about being invited all the way out to Queens. I'm certain they only need to try this place once before they're convinced to take that trek again and again. Let's go, let's go!!!
Giving this place 4 stars cause of their amazing wings and 26 different flavors never been disappointed with any wings I've tried so far, besides that the place for its location is a bit in the pricey side and a small place that gets too over crowded at times but I really like the spot cool place to chill but take it from me if you lose yourself to the drinks and wings you'll end up with a 170 bill not good for a spot in queens blvd expect that in the city, So my advice is and I have to take my own advice lol stick to the Mondays when they have the 35 cent wings it's worth it.
Let me first start off by saying I automatically deducted a star for the cover charge (guys $10). I'm sorry but this is just how I feel. Tropix defintely is 4 star hot spot, but they just do not provide enough for the need of a cover charge. Ok now that that is out of the way. We came here after an attempt to hit up Bartini in forest hills,  despite its horrible reviews we wanted to try it out based on a friends good word, needless to say we quickly made our way to Tropix! When we arrived it almost seemed as if we entered a private party.   I was pretty surprised at how nice the spot was inside because I assumed it would be this little hole in the wall on Queens blvd. Everybody had these Mardi Gras beads on (even though it was October) and seemed to all know one another.  The music was consistent -- Spanish.  The dj played a mix of merenge, salsa, and reggaeron,  but mostly he played dembo (which is great). The one drink I had I can't remember the name of but it was the 1st one on the menu, and it was a twist on Miami's drink  "call-a-cab" (Wet Willies).  The bartender made it STRONG; it was a well mixed drink!  A cocktail waitress also walked around with $5 jello shots. I had cherry and blueberry. We also revcieved a mardigras necklace for each jello shot, and I got a bacardi necklace because my drink had 151 in it. I went on a Friday night so obviously can't speak about the other days of the week.  There's a nice area in the back to dance and I believe the upstairs is  used for private parties.  They also have HUGE TVs, but its kind of dissapointing because the whole night they played footage of these girls in thongs and shit, who were  been dancing on Tropix's bar and I guess competing for some prize.  Play a sports game, or music videos.  That's annoying to see a bunch of Queens girls bending over and shaking their asses, I felt like I was watching tip drill.  Overall I had a good time though and ill defintely be back for more fun! *Sidenote: I like to mention the name of things that I eat/drink as they are seen on the menu, this way my fellow yelpers can try them out. I took the time to go online and look at Tropix's drink menu, and it was completely different then the one they offered at the actual lounge.  It's got to be updated on the website!
I have been going to Tropix for YEARS and it has never let me down.  Its my go-to place when I need quick drinks/food or when I want to throw a last minute get together or party for myself or friends.  There is a special every day of the week... there 2 for 1 Tuesday cant be beat... and if you leave and still have coins left, they honor them the next Tuesday you go.  Gary, the owner/manager is awesome, very accomodating when you want to have a group there, very friendly and tries to make your event perfect.  The bartenders are awesome, although I do have my favorites... being Justine and Olivia.  Definitely ask for them!  Alex, the bouncer is also great, friendly and always snapping pictures.  They recently made some changes/renovations that I think are awesome...  The marble top bar is sexy, new semi circular leather sofas which can be separated, the semi downstairs is nice and cozy for a more private feel, and they finally have more comfortable bathrooms in a lower level.  I've been a customer of theirs for many years... I always have a great time and always meet new fun and friendly people. The fact that this place is local to me is a bonus!  And although Yelp only allows me to pick 3 best nights...  EVERY night is awesome at Tropix! Gary, keep it up!
If you need a Bogo happy hour here you go. The food here is okay. Lots of wing choices and if you want to get the biggest bang for your buck go with more wings of fewer sauce choices. If there is dancing from a party going on here then the music can be a bit overbearing. Interesting nights can be found here, dancing, although ladies beware, there creepy regulars sitting up at the bar.
A nice, chill place with good wings and of course, the Monday night wings deal. A good spot for a casual gathering of friends, I wouldn't have a birthday party there but hell, a game night or something, for sure. There are truly 23 flavors of wings, but let's be honest, not all of those are gonna be good. Here's a brief rundown of the flavors I've had: Jack Daniels - bland but good; Teriyaki - maybe my favorite; Alfredo - just okay, but others liked it; Super Hot - mistake (the heat junkies didn't even like it); Asian Sesame - bad; Mango - disgusting; BBQ - all right; I think that covers it. There was one I wasn't sure of, maybe Blackened, that was also pretty good. Obviously, there are a lot more flavors to try, but as a rule, I would avoid any fruity flavors. Come on, they're wings...
Hit or miss is right!  Let's stick with the party nights.  that's where you get your atmosphere from.  The rest of the week is just that....weak. Thursday-Saturday $10 cover. I don't like it but you should be able to afford a $10 cover no matter where you go.  Go high octane on the drinks. It just makes sense ($6 beer...$6 cocktail, you'll get there quicker).  The DJ favors the spanish flavor so expect a healthy amount of Reggeaton, Salsa, merengue and Bachata.  But you will get hip hop, pop, dance and anything that gets the crowd movin.  I've found the ladies here to be very approachable on the dance floor and the dudes usually keep their gentleman game in full swing. Service seems to be good. I've never had any compaints. If you don't want to go into the city and want to get your dance on with some locals with a heavy handed Long Island Iced tea, check out Tropix on a Thursday.
Ive been  going to tropix for about 10 yrs.. This spot is very reliable.. Drinks on tues cant go wrong 2 for 1 till midnight.. The music is awesome old school, freestyle, rock, pop etc!  Been here on all promotions, food and drinks a+++  !   Excellent local bar to chill out!
Went on a Monday night for $0.25 wings.  Pretty decent wings except there's a no doggy bag policy so make sure you don't over-order otherwise those wings are flying into the garbage.  They come in orders of 10 and there's about 20 different sauces.  I tried the Blackened, BBQ hickory and Chipotle.  All were very good.   It was quite loud and there are tons of tv's playing different sports games so it's not an intimate setting but a great place to hang out w/ friends.
It's rare that any business treats their customers so well.  Thanks to Customer Appreciation day! Free drinks, Free Food, and t-shirts.
I'm prejudiced because there's not many spots that are walking distance for .50 cent tacos and Latinas. You can either have one or the other unless you date one to produce the other. Anyway They do have some good specials here and the Thursdays are usually a nice mixed crowd. DJ spins plenty of salsa etc. and it gets people dancing for sure. I hear there' s a cover on the weekend.. Service is good too..
Looking for good, cheap wings in Queens? Let me introduce you to Tropix. If you're willing to venture out on a Monday night, fight for parking (it's not far from the subway, though), and put up with a noisy, crowded bar environment, you'll be treated to some very tasty wings at an excellent price. Tropix Bar & Lounge runs Monday Buffalo Wing Night, where you can get all the wings you need to fill your belly and soul at 25¢ each. The rules are that there's a two-drink minimum and each order must be at least ten wings. The menu currently boasts twenty-four different flavors, including the spectrum of Buffalo sauces. A friend recommended I try the other flavors (she found the Buffalo sauce too sweet), so we placed an order for Ginger Scallion and for Chipotle Rub. The wings come out piping hot and very, very fresh. Unlike some bars that prepare inordinate numbers of wings in advance to meet the demands of their wing nights, Tropix's wings are cooked to-order. We were pleased with the size of the wings, a respectable medium-size, cooked properly, with a crunchy outside and a juicy inside. The Ginger Scallion wings were coated in a sweet, sticky glaze that you'll be licking your fingers from. In addition to being sweet, they also had strong savory notes of soy sauce, however the ginger undertone was subtle, and the scallion was very subtle. This wasn't really a detraction from the flavor, as they were still quite delicious, and I would easily choose them again. The flavor is a little reminiscent to some of the Korean fried wings I've had. In stark contrast to sweet and sticky, the Chipotle Rub wings were covered with, as the name implies, a dry rub. Normally I would complain when Buffalo wings are served too dry, but a dry rub is an exception. Not too spicy, chipotle imparts a strong smokey flavor that lingers. The juicy meat inside mixes with the dry rub nicely. It's a bit of a salty rub, so make sure your drink is relatively full. I found that going back and forth between the two sauces was an excellent balance of the sweet to the salty. I look forward to coming back and trying more of their sauces. For your Monday night wing crave, I highly recommend this place, especially if you like to try a variety of sauces.
I do enjoy a good happy hour joint. This place gets surprisingly busy on weeknights. I don't own a fancy-pants-does-everything phone, but if i did, you'd see quite a few 'check ins'. Definitely a perfect Plan B. Food is fine-- nothing divine here, but they do a solid to quite yummy job at what they serve up. Happy hour deals are on key. Every night is a different deal. I believe Mondays are cheapo delicious chicken wings, Tuesday night is... happy hour all night long (buy one get one), and the rest of the days i forgot. I just wish theyd have more selection on tap. if you stick around late enough, that means youve probably had quite a bit to drink (at least I know i did) and youre probably in the mood to dance (i, for one, am always in the mood to dance, but will wait till slightly inebriated before i bust the moves out). Well! youre in luck! (at least I know I am!) theres a small dance floor that does fill up at roughly 12ish 1ish. Its usually salsa merengue dance and the music gets loud! 2 large, clean and brightly lit bathrooms: one for men, one for women. And trust me, after all that drinkin', you'll need em' From the people i've been chattin' it up with and lookin' around, the crowd is generally Dominican/Puerto Rican 20s-30s crowd, good looking (of course, you're gorgeous!) with solid day jobs. Not quite a pick up scene, so go elsewhere if you're a' lookin' or bring your friends.
After hearing about Tropix for so long and seeing the crowds (in Rego Park?!?!) outside, I finally decided to check it out. I came on Monday 25cent wings night. I should've known it was too good to be true, as there was a 2 drink minimum per person. It was also Happy Hour, so I got a free drink token. Turns out I can't use the drink token towards my 2 drink limit though. Figures. Overall, the wings were hot, tasty, and medium-sized. There was no sauce along with it so that kind of stinked. The fries were surprisingly good and I used that sauce for the wings as well. Good atmosphere, with some hip hop that shifted to Latin music abruptly at times. Tropix made back their wing money with the drinks and 18% automatic gratuity even for a table of 2. Decent place, great for Rego Park.
I been going to Tropix for a long time.  The best nights are Tuesdays and Fridays.  Tuesdays 2 for 1 drinks and Fridays happy hour plus the DJ is great.  You want drinks, food and good music AND keep it local - tropix is the spot to go to.   The food is great especially the wings and onion rings.  The bartenders are cool and there isn't any problems when you go.
I came here a long time ago on a Thursday night. It was actually very crowded and the music was very enjoyable. It was a nice selection of hip hop, R & B, reggae, bachata, and merengue. I actually only purchased ONE drink believe it or not! I had a delicious long island ice tea for $10 and that is all I needed for that night !!!! Supa strong. How I like it !!!!!
I'm a big wing fan, I've been coming to this place for couples of years and I'm finally writing a review. The wings are off the hook. The wings have awesome flavors and a nice size.  They must not get their wings from the anorexic chicken wholesaler. I love the garlic parmesan, dry rub adobo and the jack daniels. Its a spot to catch monday night games and chomp on some wings and some drinks. The bartendars/waitresses are beautiful latinas and others, so if your a guy, you will enjoy. So come check it on monday nights and have some chicken wings on steroids!
Great place. I was there Friday afternoon, as early as 5:30 and already the party was pumping... Music was great and the drinks were right on point!! The staff was great and attentive.. I will definitly return and for sure i recommend this place.. Great job!
Boyfriend likes to feed my addictions of shopping and especially food, so he brought me here yesterday for some finger lickin' chicken wings. Mondays are known for its' 25 cent wings with an assortment of flavors to choose from. Our go-to flavor is the garlic parmesan! Can't go wrong with it, ever. If you really like sour stuff, go for the lemon pepper! Heh, my boyfriend kept wincing as he ate it as it was too much for him. (Weak sauce.) It's doused in lemon juice. My spidey senses are tingling at the thought of them. Yummy. Peach bourbon (?) wasn't that good so pass on that. Bear in mind that there is a 2 drink min per person. Our ice-filled beer-pong time cups of sodas came out to $16!!! Insane.
Great drink specials, love the food, especially the quesadilla. Meet many good friends here over the years. 5 stars in my book.  Definitely would recommend to anyone.
Been coming here for 8 years and this place is great! The food is awesome! I recommend the quesadillas and empanadas! The wings are also great and they have plenty of food specials all week! The bartenders and owners are all very welcoming and attending! You can't go wrong going to Tropix for drinks, food or hanging out!
Cool bar in a Rego park neighborhood, great deals every day. Karaoke night was the best experience and I happened to sing, yahooo!!! great staffs- bartenders, servers- haha, sexy ladies !! Just reminding myself of a song though. ambience is perfect for single, partners and is basically a youth pub. it's a must go to rejuvenate urself, at least for a night.!!!
The #1 spot on a Tuesday night! 2 for 1 drinks alllllllll night long (cheap drinks)!!! They have DJALLOUT spinning today's hits! If you like Reggea, Hip Hop, Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, House, Old school R&B... TROPIX is the place for you! I always have a great time with my friends, and the bartenders are really friendly ;)
I absolutely LOOOVEEE IT HERE!! Came here this past monday on presidents day with a couple of friends strictly for the wings since monday is wing night duh!..so we ordered 20 of the garlic parm wings, 10 of the lemon pepper wings and 10 of the general tos and ommggggg i want more now!! we also had it with the fries sampler (Cheese fries, regualr fries and sweet potato fries) which was just ok the cheese fries got cold too quickly but ok it was still so good! we also had it with two buckets of stella! Great time with great friends and great food is always a fun time for me!
Recently moved into the neighborhood and this spot came up, after reading the good reviews my friends and I  went to check it out. We went on a Saturday, there was no line , the bouncers were friendly and attentive. Inside the space is rather narrow because the tables are pretty big and the bar extensive. They have a sofa spot I assume for VIP guests as well as a backroom, the only downside is there's barely any floor room for dancing. On a positive note the drinks we ordered were well made and the food was nothing to complain about. The servers are walking around in sexy corsets, kindda typical for a Hispanic spot , but nevertheless good service. Now the music! that's what really draws the crowd, great music all through the night. Definitely making it my number one hang-out spot from now on.
Im a regular at Tropix, staff is super friendly. There is specials like every day, drinks are strong, food is good. Its very spanish so there is a lot of latin DJ, but they usually throw in a good mix. It can get crowded during the week for the specials. I see a lot of familiar faces a lot of time so its a favorite spot of a lot of people. Fun lace you will enjoy, so go!!!
Went here with a group of friends on a Friday night. The space itself was much smaller than what I was expecting. Our waitress would completly ignore us and go straight to the tables with guys.  The drinks were watered down as well. The food was mediocre. However, the only reason I would not go back is because of the rude service.
Let me just say, hands down the BEST place to host your next event. I reserved the upstairs VIP area for my husband's birthday. The food was by far the best in Queens. From the moment I booked the location the staff was professional and very accommodating. Marcia and Alex helped me so much. They made sure to have security guard the stairs so nobody got upstairs that wasn't supposed to be there. We had a server the entire night to cater to our every need. The owner came up to make sure everything was going well. I ordered 3 bottles. We never drank the last bottle. To show you how great the customer service was.....the owner took my name put it on the bottle and said " next time you come back we will have it waiting for you. I'm sorry but you just don't get that kind of service in the city.... I LOVE Tropix. Based on this one visit I will always return. I just want to thank all the staff because they helped make my night stress free. Some venues forget what VIP means. You won't have that problem here!!!!!!!
This place is hit or miss...I am not a big fan of paying covers at local barz...but if you are with people, this can be a fun night...I have gone a couple  of times and the room has completely different vibes on different nights...I know some people that swear by the place...
I usually come here for the wings and the mini reunions I have with my friends. We always have a blast cuz my crew is fun to be around. As for the place .. its not that bad. The only issue I have and agree with others is the service and waitresses. When we went in January the lady with dirty blonde curly hair asked if we were ready. We said not yet and she rolled her eyes and said well hurry up. We told her to give us a few. If it wasnt for the fact we were hungry, we would have left. Now the past week we went and it took them 15 mins to come take my order but since we were with a group of 8 and half the group were having beers already, we were enjoying each other company that i didnt care to wait till I got too hungry. We had to wave her down and honestly this place is usually busy but since the weather was crappy wit the snow, it was dead. We had a group of 8 and got a table super quick. But I think the reason why the waitresses arent that attentive cuz automatically gratuity is included reguardless the group size. So no matter how rude they wanna be or they're missing after u first order, they get the 18% tip to the bill.
Perfect, local, great music, awesome prices and very helpful staff. This place is dope all the way around. Mondays have cheap wings and they taste delish. Tuesdays are 2 for 1 drinks!! And fridays have a great after work crowd. No ghetto here! Which I like cuz u can party eat drink and don't have to worry about trouble starting.  Definitely come by!!!
I'm glad to see one other 1-star review, but I'm overwhelmed by the number of spectacular ratings for Tropix. Maybe I came on an off day or something, but I doubt it, as so many things went wrong that Monday night. Anyway, this was my experience. I arrived at 7pm and took a seat at the bar to wait for my girlfriends to arrive for dinner. During the half hour I sat there, not once did the bartenders tend to me. It didn't seem overly busy, but I wasn't awarded any attention. It wasn't until my friends arrived that the bartender finally came over and asked if we wanted anything. "Yes, we'd like a table please." And so we were seated in a dark corner in the back. Holy crap, it was cold! They had the AC on full blast AND they had the ceiling fans on high. I kept my jacket on and still froze. Even the candle, the only light we had at the table to let the service know we were still here, blew out after a minute under the wind. In any case, my friends and I decided on an order of sweet potato fries and orders of honey hot wings, cajun ranch wings, and spicy bbq wings. (Supposedly wings on Monday nights are 25 cents each, with a minimum of 10 wings per order.) We waited...and waited...and waited...for 30 whole minutes of sitting in the dark without any service! We finally flagged down a passing male server, who immediately informed our waitress, who then came over to apologize for not coming over sooner because the place is understaffed. *rolls eyes* After ordering, our waitress brought over our Bud Light Limes first. We almost completely went through our first bottle (20-30 minutes?) before the wings came out. Wonderful...they feel lukewarm. Apparently, the last time my friend was here, the wings came out cold. Lukewarm is better than cold. We waited another 5 minutes for our fries. Hmmm...they're not here. We flagged our waitress again to inform her our fries were missing. She apologized and re-entered the order. Great. We also asked for blue cheese dressing. The same male server from earlier came by and handed us one teeny weeny cup of it. "Umm...can we get more please? We do have two other people in our party." He ended up bringing us four more. How generous! (That was sarcastic, and you will soon find out why.) The waitress then brought a refill of the Bud Light Limes. She walked away, and that's when we saw that one of the bottles she just placed on the table was only half full. What the fizzle?? We immediately hailed her again and asked her if she brought us someone else's bottle. She looked just as confused as we were, saying that it was a brand new bottle (she uncapped it herself) and how weird that it's only half full. She was at least nice enough to bring us a new full bottle without charging us extra. Finally, we dug into our food. Ugh...why does my spicy bbq taste like bananas and why is it not spicy at all?? I didn't bring it up to the service because who knows how long I'd have to wait for another batch. My friends' wings were just okay. I'd say the cajun ranch ones tasted the best out of all three. The fries were the highlight, and I loved the special dipping sauce that came with the fries. I must point out, though, that the dipping sauce for the fries came in an actual dipping sauce container! Couldn't they have used that for the blue cheese? It's not like our wings can fit in a medicine cup; we actually have to pour our blue cheese onto our wings! To top it all off, my friend wasn't even done with her food when the server came to clean the table and took away the remaining blue cheese (there was still one cup unused) and my friend's one remaining wing, both of which my friend still wanted but gave up when the server didn't even ask her if he could clear the table. The bill arrived, and here's why I was sarcastic earlier. The server's generosity in the blue cheese dressing resulted in one extra dollar on our bill! Seriously, 50 cents each for that pathetic blob of a dressing?? He didn't even have the decency to tell us that each "extra" teeny weeny cup cost 50 cents. Wow...just...wow. We paid our bill ($18 each, and tip was automatically included...I can think of so many places in the city where I could get better quality wiings, beer and service for the same price!) and left in complete disgust. I am not coming back here again!
The perfect wing place. I tried every single flavor.
I'm a fan of this place like I'm a fan of anything that reminds me of my hood in the Bronx. I'm not sure what Tropix is trying to be. Monday night - some of the wing flavors (blackened, garlic parm) are really tasty, others, like spicy adobo, were odd. The crowd is such an eclectic mix, and I can only conclude that the music selection is reflecting that. It's a good time, I'll probably return, though not often.
I come here a lot with friends. I love the wings here. The staff is super friendly! This place never fails, there needs to be more bars like this in Queens! I always have a good time any night I come here, whether for 25 wings Monday nights, 2 for 1 drink Tuesdays, Mojito and Sangria Pitchers for $9 bucks on Thursdays, or just a night out on weekends!
Love the wings on Monday night  and 2 for 1 drink special!!
Came here for New Years Eve going on 2009...I had a lovely time with my girlfriend and some friends...the drinks was on point ..on the buffalo wings was very good...the Dj played on type of music  hip-hop latin music etc...a very nice spot to enjoy yourself
So I'm at Tropix and sat at the bar for almost 20 minutes before the bartender chick came to me. When she finally comes she has the rankest attitude. I finally get my drink and sit and talk to my friend. I finish my drink and place it back on the bar to say I want another glass.  The other chicks takes my glass and throws it in the sink and walks away. I sat here and watched these chicks run to the dudes that walked in and serve them with a smile. I understand, u serve men better than females but still...money is money and I tip well!!! Not this time and I will never return!!! It was cool in the past for me and my friend but now...I choose another spot!
$17.50 for two shots of Jameson. I asked how much Jack was and was told the same price. I asked for house whiskey and was told it would still be $16.50. $8.25 for a shot of HOUSE whiskey is ridiculous anywhere, in Rego Park it's freakin hilarious. Apparently they have good wings but I won't be trying them.
Newly renovated bar lounge in Queens, 20 years in business, great food, great service, sexist bartenders, Garry the original owner is always friendly, check it out, this is a great location with excellent reputation.
For all  the times that I have visited Tropix I will have to admit I had a great time. For the most part the food, drinks and music have all been good. I have been there on wing night, taco night and on Friday nights which have all been great. I suggest Tropix as a place more for a group of people, or catching up with some friends. The staff is friendly and would like to say attentive but this is not a perfect world. However I will say that the reason for the lack of attentiveness from the staff is in part to it being very busy. Overall I would recommend this place, I have always had fun there and look forward to going there again.
Not a bad Monday night. Pretty crowded, not overly or anything but every table was filled, so was the bar ... mostly with the post work crowd for a Mon. Me and my friend each got an order of the 0.25 cent wings special (need to get at least 10 so $2.50 for the batch). I liked the BBQ ones, the Parmesan Garlic ones are ok for the first one after that something's just not too right. It's buy one, get one free drinks til 8. So we spent $10 bucks a person, had the wings, and the 2 beers. Pretty good for a monday, night , eh? I live a few blocks away, so that's pretty much the reason I came and will probably come again.
I only come here on Mondays for the wings special 22 flavors wings for 25 cent each. The best deal in Queens on Monday Nights.
Went here on a Tues. It was packed! I had an amazing time....the 2 for 1 drinks were kind of weak though
i went here with my cousins and some friends for their 25 cent Wing Monday's and I was a little disappointed.  But I guess you get what you pay for, right? The bartenders/waitstaff are lazy, impatient, and forgetful.  But the guy at the door was friendly and attentive. The drinks could have been better.  I think having a 2 drink minimum per person is a little much, but I guess that's the trade off for the wing price.   The wings are clearly fried prior to you placing your order, and just tossed in whatever flavor you order.  The wings are extremely overcooked and are far from fresh.  But they are 25 cents.   The music was horrible, and I'm into all kinds of music, but you can't play the same song all night at think nobody is going to notice. And the icing on the cake, the women's bathroom has 2 toilets in it, not 2 stalls.  Not sure if they expect 2 women to go in there at the same time, but its not happening.  Not exactly the place where I want to meet people and chat. The fact that I was in good company made up for most of the shortcomings of the night, but I doubt I will ever go back, unless its a Monday and Im in the area and I have no other options.
I love tropix. The drinks are great. Happy hour is excellent. And the food is pretty good too. dresscode is not too strict, atmosphere is chill, and they play great music.
I came on a Saturday night, not sure if it's any different from the other nights. For the life of me, I can't understand why anyone, especially a guy, would pay $10 cover charge to get into Tropix. I went there on a Saturday night and the place was empty. There were very few females there except for the waitresses so I don't know why any guy would pay the cover charge for a sausage fest. I had the chocolate martini and it was strong. The staff were pretty nice and checked up on us a few times. They even provided salsa and tortilla chips for us to snack on and gave us refills. I think it was salsa Saturday but no one was dancing. They do have a big screen with girls prancing around in bikinis, I think it was the Miss Tropix 2011 contest?
great-music. awesome crowd. cheap-finger food. i'm in-loveeeeeee with the wheel here. every-time it spins, i get super excited :) 6 dollars long islands ? can't beat that!
I went here on game day once, and it felt like a lame wanabee bar, or else a thriving bar on an off night..  I went here for their 25 cent wings and happy hour--4 beers, 30 wings for $26.  The service was good, and they have 22 flavors of wings.  Unfortunately so far my favorite flavor is "regular".  They cooked them well, and they were healthy wings, they put the lame ones on the bottom so what you don't finish isn't the best.  One reviewer called it ghetto fabulous, and that about sums up Monday night.  Saw a large table get free shots.  I wanted to join that table before they got the free shots, they looked like fun.  I was doing the buffalo wing dance, dancing while eating a wing.  I'm an old man so I haven't been there late or when a DJ was there, so I can't attest to that side of the joint that you read in the reviews.
They should call Mondays WINGMAZING MONDAYS cuz they offering a great selection of different flavor wings for just 25 cents each. The established has a great cast of colorful staff members and is fun for any crowd who's always up for a good time. They always have satisfying schedule of days throughout the week and is defintely a secret spot that needs to be leaked like a viral video on youtube. This place is defiinitely worth your entertainment...
Not knowing what I got myself into. Was invited by a couple of friends of gatherings and sorts. Realizing its a place of wings heaven! Flavors will not bore you..due to the fact that there are over 30 different flavors. Can't beat the prices especially on Mondays! Great place for HH. Plus! The waitress was crazy nice and quick on the orders for a hungry 20 heads. Stop on by on Monday's when u feeling for the flight of wings!
Did not have a good time at this place. A friend of mine has gone here a bunch of times and invited me to tag along, wish i'd said no. After paying a cover charger to get in (why, this isn't manhattan), it was too loud and the service was so-so. I'm fairly positive my white russian drink was not mixed properly, but the staff didn't seem to care when i asked about it. Whatever, live and learn right? I'll stick to Connolys or Cobblestones when I want to hangout with friends.
Went here to celebrate my Birthday. I've been before and really like Tropix. Now that I live so close by I will probably visit more often. Lots of spanish music on Friday nights, a good mix of spanish/reggae/pop on Saturdays. And make sure to arrive early to save yourself some money on cover charge, not have to wait in any line, and to have some space on the dance floor. After 1:30-2am there is no space to dance.
If you are looking for a place that has some good music & a great friendly atmosphere, this is the spot. Just don't come looking to order at a restaurant type menu. They have some finger foods, the empanadas are pretty good, but i would recommend this spot as a spot you go to after dinner & a movie (Thur-Sat). If you are latino, you will definitely have a great time. The music keeps you moving & if you are single, the dancefloor is always full of receptive ladies! Enjoy!!
The music is always great when I come here. The drinks are pretty cheap and strong! Plus the crowd is usually good, dancing and having a good time.
This was the place we arranged to celebrate New Years Eve with a group of 20+ friends. I worked in advance with Gary to make arrangements. We reserved the back space and made our payments in full (minus the gratuity). We arrived at 9:30pm (didn't have much trouble getting in as the place was still not too crowded); however our guest list was lost. Thank God for Smartphones that I was able to argue which people had already paid in advance versus some other friends who were going to pay at the door. This was no big deal as Gary worked closely with us to make sure we were accommodated and we were lucky he was there that night. The food that came with the package was good. The sampler platter was by far the best and the nachos were pretty good.  The alcohol was gone by the end of the night. the party favors were fun and the waitresses very sweet. The downfall: the back seating area is also the path to and from the kitchen. It was also the area where they stored their liquor. So we had many close moments with the staff and they wiggled their way to the customers at the front of the restaurant. Not a big deal for us. The party went well. Everyone had a great time!
Their wings are AMAZING, I'm talking like best in the area. Everything comes out fresh and there are so many wing flavors. I'm not sure but there are specific specials each night and I think wings specials are on Monday nights. The french fries are amazing too, they come out nice and hot and with some special mayo dip. Their homemade salsa is great too. I haven't had anything on the menu other than wings and french fries but I'm sure everything is just as yummy.
Nice place to hang , wings are good , rest of food is same low quality bar food that you find everywhere , they must all shop at same place . But good atmosphere depending when you go .
Had a really good time on a friday night after work. before 9pm the drinks were 2 for1, which is always a plus:) Also the food; wings, calamari, steak quesadillas, the normal appetizers where really good. The Dj mixed it up. Over all cool vibe and nice atmosphere. ....... parking sucks! But I guess a girl can't have everything.
Wing was cheap and good best to come on a mon nite
I've been here a few times and always had a great time. The drinks are good, reasonably priced and the DJ is on point. The crowd us usually really good as well. Unlike most places it never felt too crowded, but busy enough for people to mingle. Like other lounges though, there's always a few people that drink too much but the bouncers here are on point and keep things running smooth.  This is definitely a good place for a Friday or Saturday night, especially in the summer.
So I just moved to the area this past weekend and my girlfriend and I wanted to try out some of the local bars. We started off at the local Applebees (which was a very good deal for a Saturday night $30 for a few drinks each).We eventually wound up here. First off, I was shocked that there was a cover to get it. I don't ever recall paying a cover charge to get into any bar/lounge in Queens. EVER! I was also told I couldn't wear sneakers and had to change. I actually didn't have a problem with that as I understand they need to maintain some level of decorum and since I live just a couples of minutes walking distance, I went home and changed and left my date at the bar to grab a drink while I changed. They were even nice enough to not charge me the cover. However, after an hour or two, they decided we had drank too much and simply refused to serve us. This was after two drinks each and half an hour of dancing. How they determine who gets cut off is bizarre and no explanation was even offered. I have never in my entire life ever been cut off from being served. I am inclined to think that this was due to one of their "regulars" (who was super creepy) getting upset that I didn't give him my seat when he came in. He just sat there in the corner staring at me and bitching to the bouncer and one of the waitresses about it. Right after that we were cut off. Anyway, I understand that every bar has regulars but being new to the neighborhood and looking for a regular spot for us to grab a drink and maybe a bite to eat I don't believe this is the place for us. Then we had a friend come to join us for a drink and the bouncer decided to quadruple the cover charge to $20 (simple outrageous for ANY bar in Queens). On the plus side, I must say the music was good and we actually were having a good time until the bartender just cut us off and their "regular" started acting weird. I know understand why this place has such a bad reputation with fights and just bad behavior in general. This guy was trying to get me to fight him. It was all so childish and beneath me. So we just laughed at him and went on our way to another bar and enjoyed the rest of our night in our new neighborhood. Needless to say, the Saturday night crowd at Tropix is just not my thing.
Great place for an after work hangout.  Mix of guys and girls with different backgrounds.  The 2 for 1 drinks special was not overpriced at all.  I bought the Margarita for $9.00 (2 drinks).  Great deal I think.  The DJ was awesome playing hip hop, calypso, bacchata, salsa, 80"s and current music.  I danced my shoes off.  Will definitely go again...
I was at this Tropix last night with a bunch of friends for a birthday party. From what I can remember right now, it's a pretty decent night spot. The drinks are priced reasonably, and the crowd was lively. When I first got inside there wss a  $10 cover. Onece I paid the cover I realized that I needed to use the ATM machine next door. I asked a hostess or who ever the gir was standing near the door if I needed a stamp to leave. She said no,  "the guy at the door is very good  at remembering. who comes in". So I tell the door guy "be right back" so he can see my face. Literaly 30 seconds later I come back from the ATM and the looks  at me like  he never saw me before. I didn't pay him no mind and walked in. They were  playing mainly salsa and bachata but after a while they switched it up to hip hop and a tiny bit of reggae (nothing special). Typical bar food on the menu (onion rings, fries, quesadillas etc.) People usually don't go to clubs for  the food; it is there to soak up the alcohol so you can continue to get wasted (like I did). There is a diverse crowd which I like . From a guy's perspective; if you are looking to hook up, this is a place for you to check out. The female to male ratio allows for you to utilize process of elimination until the right one drunkenly stumbles into you. Not that it happened to me; I'm just saying. I give this place 3 stars just due to the fact that I can't remember much, which means I had a pretty good time. Would I make this trip again from Manhattan if my friends were not there....No. But if I were in the neighborhood I would likely visit again.
Monday night has me going for 25¢ wings. No arguing that is a great deal. ONE problem though....they call it a CLASSIC BUFFALO WING SAUCE on the menu. THEY HAVE NOOOOO CLUE what a real buffalo wing is. Go to the Anchor Bar in Buffalo, NY and learn, Daniel-son. I specifically asked the waitress, is the sauce a REAL buffalo wing sauce or Tropix's version of it. She said it is real. She has no clue. Poor dear. It came out SWEET. Not a Buffalo Wing. It's incredible how so many places in NYC can mess up a simple Buffalo wing when there are only TWO ingredients!! Classic Buffalo-style chicken wing sauce is composed of two ingredients: a vinegar-based cayenne pepper hot sauce and butter. Frank's Hot Sauce, preferably. I told my waitress before, if it is not a real buffalo wing..I'll order something else. She insisted that it is real classic buffalo wing. A waitress that has no clue about the food she is serving, awful. Good deal on wings though on Monday. Getting a table is hard as hell. There were 3 free tables in the front and the hostess wouldn't give us one because it seats 3-4 people. We were party of two. Meanwhile we saw at least one other COUPLE that was sitting at 3-4 seater tables. Maybe because they were bigger than us body wise so they count as 3-4 people? Service is not great either. We had to ask for napkins, duh, we are eating wings..she gives us two bar napkins, chintzy. We had to flag waitress down for everything including drinks. NOISY as heck. You'll never get a table if your party is too big, over 4. Too crowded.
A friend of mine and myself went on a Monday for 25 cents wings and two for one drinks. thats a good deal. We enjoyed it. I had two coronas. I played it safe just in case I didn"t like the drinks. My friend ordered rum and coke .He was not too happy with taste. The wings were tasty like always and the fries are good also. The place played good music and it was packed. The poor waitress looked overwhelmed. Overall good time..I was would recommend Monday nights.
love this place good food great staff and good drinks yhe only thing I don't like is thst they need to play more varieties of music then latin music doin't get me wromg I can dance to that to but still need some more hip hop and reaggae
I went to Tropix this past weekend, Salsa Saturday, for a friend's birthday bash. My friend ordered a bottle service so the sofa seats were reserved for us. My friend brought a bottle for $150 plus $22 tip so a total of $172. Pricey, yes.I think it's stupid for club to jack up the price so high but I guess the good services helps... Although there was one boo-boo. Our bartender told my friend if she had a group of 6 people or more, she would be also getting a bottle champange but um we kind of forgot about it beause we're drinking and having fun. I think the bartender should have remember for us, knowing we're all drinkng and might not remember things you know. That was one thing about the service. =P Overall, the service was great. Plenty of refills for 2 non-alcohol which we picked pineapple juice and coke. The security guards were pretty nice too, I guess they know we were in the VIP lounge. Muahaha. =P The place is small but it was a nice bar lounge. The place was pretty decent packed. I thought the DJ got some good tunes going, the nows and past music along with salsa of course since it was salsa Saturday. I didn't have their food but from the looks of their menu there is a lot to choose from sandwiches to burgers to different kinds of appetizers and their prices were decent. I had fun at the place and the birthday girl had tons of fun too although she cannot remember much about her night. LOL. If my friend hits up the place again, I would go again. Plus it's in Queens so it was easy on the travel so I'm from Queens. =D
maybe you need to be hispanic to come to this place to enjoy but wow i had the worst hospitality ever ... i meant wow yes the waiteresses and the bartend maid shows some cleavage and skin but worst service ever i think they migrated from wiggles which was shut down wow  the service was pretty bad $10 admission fee to get in no hostess to sit you  4 barmaids that makes one drink differently drinks are watered down or if mixed  there more juice i guess they didn't know what a splash meant  ordered food and it tasted horrible i should have gone to whitecastle or mcdonalds food was microwaved i mean wow for the price i could have done it on my own it took me ages to get our server to get the check and i have to look for her to get it back and sign it and top of it all she put the gratuity already what a f'ing robbery this place is i mean wow i guess i'm going back to what i said if you are not hispanic DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE OR THEY WILL ROB THE NIGHTLIFE DAYLIFE OFF OF YOU ... TIHS PLACE IS THE WORST EVER .... IF IT WAS WIGGLES THEY I'D RATHER PAY FOR BETTER SERVICE.... if you want the worst service ever ...come to tihs place and they will provide you that.....pricey worst service everything was just bad i wouldn't ever if my life come back to this place again i hope this place close down
25¢ wings 2 drink mininum ..no problem. the wings were amazing. fresh and hot..gotta try the lemon pepper and the garlic parmesan. next time gotta have the jack daniels, was recommended it..other than this pedi bartender trying to make my night difficult the place and food are good , and ive been coming here for years on and off, but some people are just not cut out for the premium service that tropix promotes..the bouncer was cool n the manager let us take our wings home which i think pissed off the bartender..jus sayin, one person doesnt make a business, but nevertheless great place to eat wings n get drink specials especially during playoffs!!!!
