5 Bar was an awesome place.  My friends are I were visiting a friend in New York and just looking for a good place to get some drinks and found them for their happy hour drinks.  The first night we went just for 1 round of drinks before heading to a Broadway show. The bartender that helped us was super nice!  Definitely the nicest bartender I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Because they were so nice and friendly, we decided to come on Thursday which was  Bomb Night! (Buy one get one free Bombs) They had a variety of 6 different type of bombs and all were delicious. We ended up drinking many, many rounds and even got a couple rounds free on the house! The bartenders were amazingly friendly!!! We even decided to do Karaoke at the end of the night and their karaoke system is definitely up to date and had every song we wanted to sing!  Random thing too was they also had a stripper pole in the karaoke rooms. Haha I'd definitely recommend checking this place out if you're in the area!
Good but not great song selection. Good because they have a lot of English songs - but not great because there are no Chinese songs. And as for their English songs, the selection is pretty extensive and include a broad category of oldies, pop, and musicals. Quality of music and equipment was mediocre. Some of the more complex karaoke places have machines that allow you, for example, to alter the order of selected songs - so we don't have 8 songs by 1 guest being sung in a row. That option is not available - at least so far as English songs are concerned (they have a completely separate system for Korean songs). And as for the music and singing, same issue. The English system is pretty simplistic and does now allow for the adjusting of microphone volume. The drinks were pleasant. Had their sangria on both occasions that I traveled there and enjoyed it each time. Their shoju was ordinary but then what else can you expect from shoju? The prices were reasonable for drinks.
One of my favorite karaoke bars because its clean and it doesn't remind me of  a dirty motel room.  I've been here on normal days, but also on my friend & i's birthday.  we reserved a room and end up with the largest room, like legit large--big enough to be clubbing in there. we didn't know how much it cost but the standard per hour price.  we were kinda irk before we even started the waiter came in and was kinda rude asking us, "do you know how much per hour this room is?" so we were like uh "why don't you tell us?" it was kinda in a rude tone.  the room was ridic like $150/hour? But besides the price the champagne bottles and everything else made it priceless.
My review is biased because of the lovely bartender that attended to us the afternoon we showed up.  We did not sing Karaoke.  There was only one other out of town couple at the bar.  Our bartender gave us (and the other guests) so many word of mouth recommendations (places he had yet to frequent) that turned out to be awesome!  i.e. Angel's Share and Ippudo. And a free shot of some great liquor that was smooth and warming- great way to start our trip off.
Came here on Sunday for my birthday with a friends. Everyone was friendly. Nice chill place. Awesome happy Hr( everything half off) definitely will come back again!
Great ambiance and drinks are great! Great staff too!
This place be poppin'. From the neon lights to the glitter... you'll feel like you stepped back into the 90's. For anyone who has never experienced their own personal Karaoke party - this is the place. You can rent out a room for a couple of hours for your friends, at a flat fee. I'm not sure of the pricing but I went to a place a few years back in California and it was a fantabulous time...so don't worry about the price and just enjoy it! Happy hour is typically run from 3-7PM and all drinks AND karaoke rooms are 50% off discounted. You better believe I will most definitely be making another stop in when I go back to the Big Apple.. but next time I'm bringing a group of karaoking fools with me!
went on a thursday and it was pretty dead! but then again, i went at like 6pm. haha. happy hour 50% off drinks. ordered beer and the fried sample platter (dunno the real name). portion was pretty decent for two people. i like it more cuz my friends work there and they're awesome :)
Where else but in the K-town quarters of NY will you find such a flipping cool karaoke bar?! My friends and I dropped in somewhere around 1:30AM, and got our own private room in which there was a stripper pole to party with. Each room was decorated differently, and they had rooms big enough to fit like 30 or so people! It was a good time, and I think it was fairly reasonably priced.
No longer having the happiest happy hour.  Now its 50% off happy hour only.  Still have beer pong and 10 dollar pitchers of bud light.   But unfortunately I must drop you from the 5 dollar shot and beer list.
Cheap booze, not crowded, not bad.
Sunday to Thursday m drinks and room rates are 50% off from 3-8!! And thursdays are 2 for one bombs ALL NIGHT and all shots are served in a double shot glass from 9-11pm! Take advantage! !
I went to 5bar last Friday night for a reunion with my old karaoke gang.  We usually go to another place, but we had heard great things about 5bar, so we decided to try it out.  Unfortunately, the night started poorly and got worse.  First, it was impossible to hear yourself sing in the private rooms because 5bar insists on pumping incredibly loud and annoying music in the main bar area.  Apparently the private rooms are not soundproofed in any meaningful way, and the noise drowns out whoever is singing in the private room.   Then the people in an adjacent room started smoking, which got vented into our room for some reason.  Needless to say, this at worst a health code violation, and at best very annoying to us non-smokers.  We complained several times to the staff, all of whom either pretended not to understand us, berated us for failing to understand Korean culture, or simply did nothing to stop the smoking.   We decided to leave instead of enduring more smoke.  When we got the check, we saw that tip had automatically been included, so we attempted to remove it from the bill.  As we were walking out, someone from the bar flagged us down and attempted to get us to pay the mandatory tip, which we refused to do.  A manager was finally called over at that point, who was the first person to actually apologize to us for the smoke and for their staff doing nothing.  He promised not to charge us the tip, and said that he would "take care of us" next time we came to 5bar, which will be never.  When we checked our credit card bills later, lo and behold, the tip was back on.   Anyway - there are a lot of better karaoke places in the city, avoid 5bar at all costs.
This place was ah-mazing!  I went there last night for my birthday and had such fun time.  The owner/manager and staff were so friendly and sweet.  They sent in a fire rocket candle thing on top of a bottle of champagne and upgraded my party to the biggest room for no additional fee...granted it was a Monday night and pretty dead, but they went above and beyond. The location was a bit confusing because it is on the 5th floor of a building and not street level, but so cool once you find it.  All the rooms and the bar space were decorated beautifully and perfect for picture taking. I would go here again and again.  I am just waiting for them to get "call me maybe" and then I'm bringing the house down. Definitely worth going to, great happy hour, lovely staff, great music selection and hilariously bad videos to accompany.
Love this joint. Best karaoke bar in K-town. Great service!
Got totally wasted here. Not sure what happend except I had an awesome time!
Last night I had a blast with 9 ladies in the private room for about 4 hours, it was my first time doing Karaoke with the food and drinks and singing and me doing MJ on the mike you could not tell me nothin the service was good finger food was good and after awhile I got use to being in a small room having a private party with disco lights and laughing my head off
Nice looking karaoke lounge with good selection of music. Prompt service.
I came here on Friday night with 3 friends to have fun at Karaoke since we haven't done it for a long time. We got a nice room for 2 hours and ordered two bottle of wines and dry anju platter.  We were singing our hearts out and dancing funny in the room. We were having fun until the female staffs came in and interrupted us a few times. One of them came in to clean up the table, which was not necessary. Soon, another one asked if we wanted to extend another hour, which we declined. She came back with the check soon after.  We still had a half hour left to finish our 2-hour room, but they were getting ready to kick us out. Since they interrupted our fun a few times, we had to stopped singing and got to collect the money to pay the bill. Other Karaoke places I've been to take pays at the counter. The most ridiculous thing is that they included 20% gratitude automatically to our bill for a party of four.  It was really expensive for the nasty services we got. One last thing to add here is that I saw the karaoke room screen showing 2 remaining minutes for the room and it became 0 minutes at a blink of my eyes. It made me set my mind that I won't be back to 5 bar  Karaoke. Watch out your bill. I recommend not to go there if you don't end your nightout with awful feeling.
If you love Karaoke and I do.....This would be the place!
Wonderful atmosphere for a karaoke bar - flashy lights, a disco ball, and a very modern looking bar.  The song selection was fantastic and we found literally everything we were looking for, even newly released songs.  Service was great as well - we even got to stay a little overtime because we were so into it, haha.
This place was quite awesome. Great service and environment. I went there on a Wednesday for happy hour and it was quite empty, but I was there with friends so that made it all better. The only reason I withheld that one star is because the food is quite overpriced. So eat before coming here.
Watch out with your bill. They were being really shady, charging for phantom drinks and shortchanging on change.
Finally checked this place out and it was AWESOME!  The staff is very nice and helpful. They have happy hour Sunday- Thursday which offers 50% off everything on their drink menu 7-9pm. The room was very clean and also provided disposable covers for the microphones. Highly recommended!
5bar is the classiest karaoke and party spot in ktown. Hands down, I go there as much as possible- to sing, drink, eat their delicious bar food (crazy fries and amazing fruit platters), the staff!, and SINGING. Great sound system. Rooms are immaculate!
Awful place. I used to work in this building and the previous place (Toto) was way better, and it was also BYOB, which this place isn't. Went here for two friends birthdays. Room was really hot. Asked if there was anything that could be done, they said no. Both mics had terrible echo issues. Asked if anything could be done. Again they said no. Since it was their birthdays, naturally we had brought a cake. Another place that we go to Karaoke Gagopa, has allowed us to do this in the past for birthdays. Not so much here. They saw we had the cake and immediately told us "can I take it?" We weren't going to say "no, we are going to eat it," so we obliged and gave them the cake, which they promised we could get back at the end. So we sing, deal with the hot room, and the horrible mics. 10 minutes before our time is up our server/waiter tells us that we have 10 minutes. Now, at every other karaoke place I have ever been to, my friends and I will go to a song, sing about a minute of it, and then immediately press SKIP, so just so everyone in the party can at least get there song in, albeit for at least 1 FREAKING MINUTE. Instead of allowing us to keep the remote, they say that another room needs this remote, so he deletes every song that we had put in, except for the final 2? This is the first time that I have EVER seen something like this happen. Seriously. EVER. What establishment does this? Yes, another room needs the remote, but we have 10 minutes left, and we are PAYING customers! You DO NOT treat customers like this, ever! Unbelievable. So we sing our final two songs (thanks to them), and leave the room to go pay up, and they added 20% gratuity to the bill, because we have a large party. The 20% was totally not deserved due to the terrible service we received. Also, of course, the are freaking HOUNDING us to pay up to get us out of there. How rude. On top of that the drinks were pretty watered down. Never coming back. Not a fan. I miss Toto now more than ever. At least those people were friendly and had good service. Even at the end when I asked the server to get the cake back he asked me, "oh do you have it for me", to which I replied, "no, you took it from us in the first place, remember?" He rolled his eyes and checked the back and then gave us the cake back. It wouldn't have surprised me if they defiled the cake while it was back there due to how horribly they treated us all night. There are plenty of Karaoke places in K-Town. Don't go to this one, or at least when this particular staff is working. AVOID.
Excellent service for a large party on Saturday Night. Took care of all of us and made sure everyone was enjoying themselves. Couple miscommunications with how to use the equipment initially but they added time for us to the end once we had things sorted out. Thanks again
Great, hidden location within some larger office building in K-Town, with tasty Korean food nearby once you're done singing and getting sauced. Strong song selection, which is critical at any karaoke bar.
I had a great time here for my birthday. We called the day before to make a reservation and they were so helpful, even though it was last-minute. I brought far more people than I said I was going to, but they just brought in more and more seats to accommodate us. They also gave us two bottles of champagne and two pitchers on the house! After we finished in the private room, we went out to the main bar area and danced for another hour. Everyone was so nice and my friends and I had such a great time. I will definitely be going back and definitely recommend it!
A classy yet trendy karaoke lounge, I would've never thought twice to come up here by myself if my friends had not brought me here. I came with a party of 14 to celebrate a friend's birthday and it was one of the nicest karaoke places I have ever been to. The sound equipment sounded phenomenal, the song selection was extremely extensive, all the rooms were very clean and service was extremely friendly.  I truly had an enjoyable experience. Will be back soon!
standard kareoke place... except they have booze which is always necessary for this sort of thing.
karaoke for life and this place is heaven. drinks not that expensive. but atmosphere is awesome.
Good place, a large group of us went, and it turned out to be very cheap. Song selections were good!
This place is great.  I love the crowd and the people who work there.  They are always willing to take care of you and make sure you have a great time and come back in the future.  The bartenders make sure your drinks are strong and are efficient in getting you your drinks.  There is always a big crowd and lots of people dancing and hanging out.  There are so many rooms to sing karaoke and at great prices.  Their happy hours are the bomb and Thursday nights are a blast as well.
My favorite karaoke lounge. They have trouble if you make your reservation for a room really late, but I understand why - they're super popular. Within the rooms, you buzz and anything you want is brought out almost immediately. The prices are pretty reasonable and this is a must hit on my party list. The bar is also great service, and they're super patient considering the sheer amount of drunken craziness they must experience constantly. Their karaoke books are pretty updated, their dj is pretty mainstream from what I've experienced but maybe they have different music on different nights. A great mixed crowd of people are usually hanging out here, and it's a lot of fun. Great for birthdays.
This was one of the best nights of my life! Saturday September 13th...I booked the birthday VIP package which included 3 hours karaoke, 3 bottles of Grey Goose + 2 pitchers of Sangria (I chose this over champagne) a round of shots and birthday decorations with 4 appetizer platters. The room was ultra modern and cool with space for up to 40 people. I had around 20 people so we had plenty of room to let loose! The sound system was super great.. be sure to ask them to apply extra reverb (echo) so even your worst singer sounds ok! There were also cool props in the room like bongo drums, wigs and even some rooms have a stripper pole. (we snuck into that room end of night, haha) The service was friendly and quite good! No one bothered us unless we needed something. Service was also with a smile. :) After our three hours was up, we headed into the public bar area where they had a dj then continued our party with dancing. Overall, a spectacular time and I highly recommend it! :)
My friends and I ended up here on a Saturday night around 1am. We had a small-medium sizes room that would fit about 10people comfortably.  We ordered 2 pitchers a beer which was $25 a pitcher and the room was 40 an hour. The bar is actually pretty nice. The decor was different and the room we had was pretty clean. They only have 1 bathroom for each gender so each time we had to wait a little. I would definitely add febreze sprays in there especially when someone throws up. We stayed about 2 hours and we had a great time.
Went for happy hour. No one else was there, so service was quick and the drinks were good. The bartender was friendly and the bathrooms were clean. Not much to say about a bar.
Great place for a small private gathering. Their song collection is massive with state of the art equipment. I am a regular and will continue to recommend this place. Prices are reasonable just make sure to review your bill prior to paying as with any establishment :) My only complaint is they close at 5am yet they advertise 6am close.
What might be the hottest of all the Ziller karaoke spots, 5 bar is somewhat reminiscent of the now defunct Players II (yelp.com/biz/players-ii-…), complete with lots of neon lighting, intimate private rooms, and a fully stacked bar. The Yelp check in offer (1 free beer) was the bait that hooked me in initially and the sound system was impressive enough to merit multiple visits. If you know certain Ziller song favorites, import your favorite tunes here and get your sing on. Room capacities seem fairly standard but they still lack a massive room that caters to mega parties. For now it's a series of medium sized rooms that work for groups of 10 or so. For those not wishing to throw it down noraebang style, the bar will sometimes feature some public singing for the brave folks with plenty of daily happy hour deals to boot. The service is solid. Unlike the disgruntled staff that tends to plague Korean nightlife in these parts, they've been lenient with guests who come in / out, outside food, quick drink delivery and little hassle. 5 Bar is definitely among the better karaoke options in a hood that seems to crank (and fizzle) out so many of them.
After finishing a bottle of Ciroc (it was small, I promise), the boyfriend and I decided to venture out of our home (Ace Hotel) to have some late night shenanigans.  It wasn't long before I found 5Bar as one of the closest Karaokes, and decided to reserve a room for the two of us.  I really wanted to like this place.   Upon walking in, we were quickly seated in our room.  Our waiter asked if we wanted anything to drink, so I asked for a menu... He told me they share menus between rooms, so he had to take it from another group.  Um, okay. Eventually we ended up ordering a bottle of soju and started picking away at our songs!  The sound was pretty screwed up.  The mics were cracking the entire time.  (No, it wasn't from my horrible singing.)  The song selection didn't really impress me either.  I'm from DC and even we have more songs...
5 Bar has the WORST service I have ever seen. Called 2 weeks in advance to make a reservation for a room. Over the 2 week period, there were multiple phone calls made discussing the room situation and all accommodations; 5 Bar is about an hour travel for us (which we also told them while making this reservation) and wanted to make sure we wouldn't get there and have a problem.  We were assured everything would be set for us and there would be absolutely no problem with the room and accommodations.  As we got there, we were informed there was a mistake with the reservation on their end, and we could no longer have the room.  When confronting the host about the situation, he didn't deny the mis-communication on his part, but had no apology and no accommodations for the mistake, basically saying we needed to leave.  A manager didn't even come out to speak to us to see if there was something he could do about the problem.  It is one thing to make the mistake, but another to not be professional about it.
So  you walk into an office building and take the elevator to the 5th floor. You then walk past a chiropractor's office (truly bizarre) and there is a bouncer who lets you into the bar. The good: - $250 gets you a bottle of grey goose, 6 coors light, mixers, plate of chicken wings and a fruit plate and karaoke for 2 hours and 6 people in a private room - service was really attentive - they got us 2 free rounds of shots - cash discount! The not so good (but still not bad): - we arrived at 10:55 for our 11 pm reservation, room wasn't ready until 11:20, but they did really clean everything (mopped and everything) and they did get us the first round of shots in apology - the room was really hot, like 15 degrees warmer than the dance floor right outside - yes, the music videos are like a weird 1992 montage, but aren't all karaoke videos? I am totally coming back. When we left at like 2 a.m. The crowd had definitely shifted.
I met a few of my friends here for karaoke and drinks but oh wait.. they were an hour late! So what did I to kill the time? I passed time by talking to the super friendly staff. The bouncer, Mikey, was really cool and let me chill with him outside while he worked. We kept each other company. When my friends finally arrived, we headed inside to the bar. It is super trendy looking and there are tons of private rooms. The bartenders were nice enough to charge my friends phone while we sat at the bar and drank. We ended up not karaoke-ing but I had a good time nonetheless and when I'm in the mood for karaoke, I'll definitely keep 5 Bar in mind over the other karaoke places in K-Town.
As soon as I walked in, it was apparent that this place had a really trendy atmosphere. We got a room and it was quite comfortable. The lighting effects were good and the sound was even better. The pole in the room definitely added to the experience. We were pleased with the song selection and the service was also very good!
I must say, after reading some of the reviews here, I was a little concerned about this place.  After unsuccessfully trying to book a room with three other karaoke places, I decided to go ahead and book with 5 Bar. I made a reservation for a Saturday night at 9 pm for 10-15 people.  Surprisingly, they had a lot of availability. Odd. By the way, if you're calling a place to make a reservation, at least have someone who can understand what you're saying.   On the way to the place, I decided to call to give them a heads up I was running 20 min late. Once again, difficulty on the phone trying to explain myself.  At one point, the girl said there was no reservation under my name.  Ultimately, after about 5 minutes explaining to her that I had called on a Tuesday to make a reservation for Saturday, she was able to find my reservation. My brother and I were the first one to arrive from our group. It's located on the 5th floor of a building, all the way at the end of a hall, with a bouncer outside.  After giving my ID to the bouncer, the hostess asks me if I had a reservation, which I responded yes.  She made us wait about two minutes before she let us in.  At first I thought it was packed and maybe that's why she didn't let us in, but once were inside, the place was empty.  Just weird. The place is filled with strobe lights and lasers.  There was also a DJ spinning some music.  When inside, I let her know again that I had a room reserved. Instead of just taking me to my room, I had to request that they take me to my room and wait for my guests there. Once my brother and I were in the room, no one came by to attend to us.  Oh, and the staff kept on peeping in our room through the door window like we were going to destroy something. Just very weird. After about 15 minutes waiting, someone finally shows up to let us know that it was Saturday night and Saturday nights are high demand and rooms are on first come/first serve basis. Um, hello?!? Didn't I make a reservation about 5 days ago??  Eventually my friends arrived about 5 minutes later. About every 30 minutes, they kept on coming inside the room to ask if more people were going to arrive or not.  Also the whole thing about peeping through the door window really creeped me out.  I'm not going to damage your stuff. Relax. Also, at one point my friend wanted to order some food.  She asked for a menu and they actually told her that they weren't going to serve us food.  After a couple of minutes passed, someone else came back into the room to let us know let us know that initially she couldn't order food, because we had less than 30 min in the room, but since we decided to extend our stay for another hour, we could order food.  Ultimately, the reason they couldn't provide us food I because it takes a while to prepare the food. What the ...!? My other cons: The music videos weren't original.  Looked like a cheesy 90s montage to me. Also the room got unbearably hot, sweltering hot to be exact.  I'm never hot and I was sweating.  At one point, we had to keep fanning ourselves by opening and closing the door to the room. To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what to think of 5 Bar.  Aside from the staff's attitude and treatment, I had a fun time with my friends.   The room we were in actually fit all of us pretty comfortably.  The TV and sound system were on point.  They had a huge selection of songs, including recent songs too.  The finger food we ordered was also good.  Drinks were pretty strong as well. So, did I like the karaoke experience? Yes. Would I go back to this specific place? Probably not.
Stopped in here for what would have been quick drink if the waitress was a bit more attentive and if she understood what we were talking about. Mind you we were pretty loud already and there were barely any patrons in the early part of the evening, but after one drink we were ready to go on to the next spot. Also, it's a strange place in the middle of a business mid rise, so I assume if you wanted to, you could get a drink post chiropractor adjustment down the hall. Or you could go to the OBGYN on the other side of the hall. That's KTown for ya.
I love this place!!!! Great music and cool vibes. The interior is really sleak with mood setting lights. 2 drink minimum but worth it. Good selection of karoke songs and large projector screen. Snacks are provided too ;) definitely coming back. Conveniently located on the 3rd floor.
For cheap, good karaoke fun for our group of 5, this was not a bad call at all.  We were in one of the small rooms. It was cozy and the sound/TV was more than sufficient. The remote and the on screen menu was user friendly and intuitive. The only thing that slightly annoyed me that none of the videos were original.  Can we please have some authenticity? Song list was pretty good. We like to rock out and I was happy with the songs we were able to cover from Red Hot Chili Peppers to Lady Gaga to Bruno Mars. Note to self: Do not attempt to sing a Bruno Mars song by starting off on a high key. The bar area when we first entered was interesting. Did I see a dance floor? I think I did but by the dizzying array of strobe lights I couldn't tell for sure.  It's hard not to like the small yet over the top set up here. Just didn't expect it at a Karaoke place but it's there to get you "in the mood" if you are waiting for a room. The Yelp deal that got us $10 off wasn't too bad. In effect we paid $7/hr per person for 2 hours and the rest of the bill was just drinks. Total bill was $112 with t&t. Service was good. They moved us into a different room as soon as we complained about the AC and they didn't start charging us until we were finally settled and ready to sing. They also said we could stick around for an extra couple of songs if we wanted to after it was over. Not sure what it would be like for a large group here (cant be THAT different, could it?) but I would definitely pick this place again for smaller groups
A typical, nice karaoke spot. minus one star, because of how ridiculously expensive this place ended up being for two people with NO drinks and NO food. Seriously, almost 70 dollar bill for just two hours of singing. What? Minus another star for not having Wrecking Ball by Miley Cyrus. Tsk tsk.
Oh boy. Came here last night with a fairly large group of friends to celebrate a couple of their birthdays. Since we had met up on the basis of celebrating their birthdays, we also had cake with us. The server saw the cake and instead of stating that the establishment's policy was not to eat food in the rooms, he stated that he was going to take the cake away and then give it back to us when we left. Okay...? So, we start singing. The room starts becoming unbearably warm, so we asked the staff to turn on the AC for us. They don't seem to get the message, as the room remained warm for the entire duration of our time there. On top of that, the room started filling up with cigarette smoke that was wafting in from whoever was smoking out in the hallway. I didn't get to try any of the drinks, but from what I heard, they were watered down and weak. Not too surprised. Finally, when our time was about to end, one of the staff members comes into our room to state that we had 10 minutes left. However, most places would just let you sing and skip as many songs as you wanted before leaving. Not so here. The staff member stated that he needed to take our remote because he needed to give it to another party, and then he proceeded to delete every single song in our queue except for the top 2 songs. Who does this, ever??? I've frequented many karaoke bars/lounges in my lifetime, and I've NEVER witnessed this happening before, ever! The bill comes out, and several of the staff members were pretty much hounding our group to pay up. Of course, they added on a 20% gratuity to the bill, which was absolutely not deserved at all. Whatever happened to staff members earning their tips? I was disgusted at how horribly we were treated, especially when our party easily rung in a few hundred dollars worth of business for this horribly run establishment. Afterwards, we joked around about being passive aggressive and writing some bad reviews of this place. Not sure what this will do, but steer clear of this place, please, unless you want to be treated like dirt by the utterly vacuous staff. (Also, we almost didn't get the cake back in the end! Not too surprising, considering all we had witnessed during our 2 hour stay here).
Came here with a friend on a Sunday night for my first karaoke experience! 5 Bar Karaoke is located on the fifth floor of a pretty normal looking office building. After exiting the elevator and walking down a normal elevator, we found ourselves in a swanky yet fairly empty bar and dance floor. Even though there were just two of us, business was slow enough that we got upgraded for a better room! Song selection was extensive although newer songs came in a different binder by month released but somehow not chronological. Looking forward to the day that karaoke is all digitized on a tablet app. Price came out to $30 for an hour, which I am told is very affordable. The attendant was super nice, letting us know when happy hour (Sun-Thurs, 5-8pm) was almost over. At the end, he gave us complimentary shots, which were very well-mixed drinks. Not as strong as straight alcohol, but so tasty it didn't even burn! Tips are recommended cash only. Overall had a fantastic night. Might have been because of my excellent company, might have been because 5 Bar Karaoke is a classy, hospitable place for Sunday night karaoke.
I love 5 bar! I love the night club atmosphere and feel of 5bar and have gone there twice in the past: Once on a date and the second time for my birthday with a party of 6. Although the hallway is a little sketchy/abandon building looking, 5 Bar becomes almost like an oasis for it haha. On my first trip there, my date and I stayed for about an hour after roaming around  K-town for an affordable Karaoke room. We came in on a weekday during happy hour and were seated instantly. Since it was happy hour, our bill came up to only like $15 dollars. We left very happy and joked about how 5 Bar was so pretty and the rest of the building was so sketchy. The second time I went was for my birthday. I had called in before hand to ask for the rates for a large group. There was some information that got lost in translation, but I got the rates and went in with my party of six. I didn't actually have a reservation, since my party's number was bouncing up and down, but 5 Bar sat us anyway, which I really appreciated! We stayed for about 2hours and had an absolute ball! I've seen many of the reviews here stating that the drinks seemed "water down". Not true for me and my guest. Our drinks were pretty potent haha. Also the check was right in line with the calculations I made based on the rates I was told; also VERY happy about that. The only cons I have about 5 Bar is: When my party of 6 was first seated to our room, we were forgotten about for a bit haha. We had no mics or remotes for a bit and our tv had some technical difficulties at first. Also, we couldn't find any Korean songs, which was weird since its a Korean karaoke bar. I don't think we received the books for them or something, which was a little disappointing. All and all I love 5 Bar! I've never gone on a weekend and will probably keep it that way! Their happy hour rates are the BEST!!
Our party of 4 ventured over here after getting rejected from Gagopa on a Saturday at 10-ish. We got a room quickly, and $30/hour is pretty reasonable. I like 5 Bar because it's always clean, and the service is very quick and friendly. Got a pitcher of yogurt soju for $25; it was tasty and enough to fill 10 shots. Accidentally got our sake bottle confiscated because we're not allowed to bring outside alcohol in...oopsie! My advice for non-Koreans is to get hooked up to the Korean system, and ask for the English-language keypad. You can look up songs electronically, and it plays cute animation or random videos in the background instead of just looking at font on a blue screen. Favorite Manhattan karaoke place so far! Always a good time.
The staff here are just super friendly and really accomodating. It's one of those places that you actually have no problem paying gratitutity for. I went here with some friends and we had a great time. The DJ was amazing and we had a really fun time just drinking and talking until we finally decided to move along into one of the kareoke rooms. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a nice good time with friends especially those who have a sense of humor and like to entertain themselves with singing since the kareoke rooms are pretty legit. However, a few cons: -They don't have a lot of cocktail options and they aren't as strong as they should be considering they are pricey. -The wait for the drinks can definitely be a little exasperating as we all waited at least 10 minutes each, sometimes more and it wasn't crowded for the wait to take so long -It's a small place so not much seating is available outside of the private kareoke rooms. Overall, it's a cool place for those nights where you want to have some fun but not get too crazy. I recommend it and the staff is just crazy friendly! They even gave us complimentary drinks on the house and added a free half hour kareoke session to our paid sessions.
Well Karaoke in Koreatown isn't as cheap as it is in Chinatown, but this place is great. Nice rooms, fancy lights, and all the bells and whistles. They have a great bar area with a DJ in addition to all the Karaoke rooms. They have a decent selection for English songs - I couldn't find any new songs, but maybe I had the wrong book? Selection of Chinese songs wasn't incredibly large. We checked in using yelp to get a free beer, but they brought us a free PITCHER of beer instead. Thanks :) Will be back!
What can I say...This is absolutely my favorite place in KTOWN!!! I like to go there after a hard day at work and unwind. The bartenders are always friendly and never pushy. There are a lot of regulars here so it feels pretty relaxed. There are regular happy hour specials for you early birds. On some nights there is a DJ. I find this is a great place to meetup with my friends, especially late nights. The place looks amazing and if you like karaoke this is the place to be!!! New karaoke machines and just about every song you can imagine! I will definitely be going back there often! If you go there tell them Ty sent you =) BTW there are poles in every room!! Just sayin' =)
How can you not love a place that has lasers blaring as soon as you walk in through the front doors? It's like... if Sinatra were around in the era of LED lights, it'd be status quo for him to approach the stage with a fog machine, pulsating rays of light, and at least one of Octomom's children in the pit. That said, I can't get enough of this K-Town karaoke joint. My throat is bleeding at this very moment from the copious amount of bangers I dropped, and it was enjoyable as watching Honey Boo Boo peel an onion.
I'm almost hesitant to write this review in fear that it will get too popular! 5 Bar is a fancy hot lounge bar in K town. I've been there many times and always satisified. Delicious food, great drinks, nice music, attractive waitress and fantastic service!! 5 Bar also has karaoke rooms which I enjoy a lot. I guarantee that music is much better than any other places. ohhh~!! and one more!! They have fabulous happy hour special! love it!!!
Great new lounge/karaoke bar unlike all the others around ktown! In my opinion atmosphere is key when it comes to karaoke bars, all others around ktown are under-decorated, small, lacks in equipment, and dingy! This one has everything all others don't. As soon as you walk into the door there's glow in the dark everything, colorful lights, flat screens with the game of the night on, full bar, music, seats at the bar, lounge area to sit with friends and enjoy drinks. Bar - everything is 50% off for happy hr til 9!!!! Great alcohol deals and bottle service for their rooms (which all have awesome decorations all over the walls) Will be returning to try out their food!
Overall successful, but my initial review was a straight up 1 star! YELP COUPON I was invited to 5 bar for my little cousin's birthday celebration.  It was a first for me, I've never done karaoke and I was nervous.  I went on the website and couldn't find much helpful information, so I turned to Yelp where I found a coupon for food...SCORE!  The coupon terms were confusing so I called and was told there was no such coupon, then I was told there were a lot of coupons and they weren't sure which one I was referring to, and then I was told to just purchase the coupon and if they didn't honor it this time then I could use it on another visit. Uhuh buddy! Now mind you I read the coupon out loud to them about 10 times, so I was a bit pissed and asked for the manager who proceeded to tell me that he couldn't really hear me and there was nowhere quiet where he could go to answer my questions.  Again, I was a bit pissed, but since I was already committed to going I sucked it up and sent a strongly worded e-mail to Yelp LOL! ROOM & MUSIC SELECTION When I got there, I had much the same experience as everyone in the small elevator with the creepy bouncer, but the guys on the elevator were hilarious so it made the experience bearable.  The room was small and I was the oldest person there so I figured NONE of the music would be appealing.  It was a pleasant surprise to find music in the books from all eras! Now the books are scruffy and (I think) poorly designed so its hard to find any decent music, but listening to the singing turned out to be fun. Prepare yourself for the room to be hades hot! The FOOD There was food already there....a sampler platter that I assume came with the room.  We also ordered another just to make sure everyone had something to eat.  The finger foods were fairly tasty, but I was grossed out that everything was fried.  I don't know what typical karaoke fair is like, but this was a bit of a turn off. THE STAFF So presumably you read my comment above about the Yelp coupon....the staff kept coming in the room to change and move and remove stuff on the table.  It got pretty annoying until I wanted to order and we couldn't find anyone. Then a SUPER skinny hipster looking guy comes in and asks if we want to buy more time. Huh? We thought we had the room another hour?! So we run after him to confirm that we still had time and that we wanted more food only to get it and still have him come back AGAIN before our time was up! WTH! All in all it was a pretty pleasant experience, but I think I would like to try another venue....
Came here on a Sunday night and it was dead.  Overall had a fun time with the company I was with but here are the pros and cons: Pros - With our Yelp deal, it ended up being very affordable.  Yelp (I love you guys!) has a $10 for $20 deal plus a free draft when you check in.  Our bill for 1.5 hours of singing plus a free pitcher of beer was $24, which is dirt cheap especially by K-Town standards.  They also have a Groupon deal. - The friendly waiter gave us 15 extra minutes of singing after our hour ended, which was a very nice gesture. - I discovered my diva-tastic alter ego during my rendition of "And I Am Telling You" Cons - Maybe I'm picky but the sound system and the venue itself seemed very cheap and tacky.  I've been to divy karaoke places before but this is K-Town and the karaoke standards are high.  The sound could be a lot better. - They only charge by the hour and not half hour. This is a decent karaoke place that is worth it with the Yelp deals.  Make sure to come here with good company (this is general advice for any karaoke outing).
This place is advertising all over k-town, I think people are skeptical of a new NRB place so they are throwing all these HH deals in your face to try and get you in.   For the actual rooms I cant say but the vibe when our group went in was just... meh.  There wasnt a rush to greet us at the door, nor was the scene 'popping' per se.  This is my initial review and perhaps soon I will go there for these HH deals then review again after.   $1 drafts and $3 shots? Sounds like the east village, but who can complain?
I find myself unexpectedly loving this place. My friend and I ducked in to 5 Bar Karaoke late on a Friday night. The place is up an elevator, at the end of a hall, guarded by a big guy sitting on a stool. When you enter, there are workers spread throughout the bar, and they're all friendly. The place is really glittery and shiny, with lasers and LED lights on the bar. We sat at the bar, which was being staffed by two young girls. There weren't a lot of people there, but the booth seats were full, and it got busier a little later. I was really into soju watermelon, and I was excited to see that they offered it. We watched the bartender make our bottle of watermelon soju (served in a recycled Patron bottle), and I was happy that she didn't take it easy on us. We ended up sharing the entire thing over an hour, and got a little tipsy by the end. I was surprised that there was a good mix of people singing, dancing and drinking. The DJ seemed perfectly content to spin for a half-full dance floor, and he had some good mixes. I would say that 5 Bar Karaoke is a good place to include in your nighttime plans, but it's not the place I'd end the night at.
Our server was Hyun Jun. He was awesome and friendly. Kodos to him ;-) esp when he gave us some drinks on the house ;-) Thanks Hyun, that helped our singing sound better! Trendy, intimate, casual, hip atmosphere. We're from out of town and was looking for a laid back, karaoke bar with private room. Place is clean, safe and comfortable, does not smell like cigarette smoke! It has more than enough song selections and in addition, Korean selection too...lets not forget, a floor to ceiling dancing pole for those feeling a little tipsy :-) We came on Sunday night, with no reservations, but still got a room ($7/per person/per hour). Half of the rooms were in use, so that made for a happening atmosphere. By the time we were done at 230am, no one was left but it was okay. We were in our own room, having a time of our life with friends. Another yelper complained that the room is not sound proof. IMO, I dont' think it should be...you gotta feel the vibe and noise from outside and around to feel that it's a happening place. Sound proof rooms are for music practice halls. To say the least, this place was one of my most memorable moments on my trip....loveed it. If you're looking for a karaoke place, then bring good company and I recommend you should come here!!
Best way EVER to celebrate my 30th birthday!!!  We booked a room for 4 hours and took advantage of the 2 bottles, 10 beers, 2 plates deal and received  awesome service.  Our server June (Joon, or Jun) was friendly, funny and a great time and took care of every little need we desired.  The manager or owner even heard about us having the celebration and came to my room to personally wish me a happy birthday and thank me for choosing his spot, which I thought was really cool.   I'm not a big karaoke buff but I would highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a good time in a place that has a great, cooperative and friendly staff.  It's a few blocks south of where all the buzzy buzz spots are around 38th St. where you have to fight your way to the bars half the time to get a drink.   I don't know if this place is new or has been around for a while but for a Saturday night, getting in and around was not an issue at all.  There were a few other people there but it wasn't at all close to the nightmarishly packed spots just a few blocks north.   I would definitely go here again and would highly recommend anyone looking for a cool karaoke spot to come here.  I had a blast!!!
Service is okay. Place looks clean and private. Ordered drinks pretty good! Long island iced tea however my fries are bad. very soggy! i feel like they put the fries in the microwave to melt the cheese. Works well in the cheese but not with the fries. I also used the yelp deal. Good deal!
They've got something for everyone here and while that doesn't work for some joints, here they meant to do that and they do it well. Cocktails, shots, beer, wine (!), and one of the tastiest barside appetizer menus I've ever seen. (Try the cajun fries & amazing homemade dipping sauce!). 5bar is clearly the brainchild of someone who's experienced the city and knows what people WANT! Been 4 times since it opened and finally figured out you have to go outside to check in on Yelp because this space is enclosed like an iron cell. Must be all that soundproofing - speaking of which, when you're in the main bar area, you don't hear any of the singing in the adjoining private rooms, which is great! (Phone service is fine, it's just GPS that fails. Don't worry, you'll still get all your important texts/ktalk/bbm/whatever.) Two in one - great bar with excellent happy hour (and happiest hour 5-7) prices and atmosphere (the size and decor of the main enclosure is just right, not cramped, not too spacious, just dim enough, just loud enough) and the spotless private karaoke rooms with all the same bar & food service available as well as state of the art systems with all the latest tunes. If you like a chill post-work drink, stop in between 5-7 on a Tues or Weds - the crowd ebbs and flows since it's not on the street. This place is inviting and has a good vibe and draws in a diverse, down to earth, unpretentious crowd. Lots of design-inclined types due to proximity to the fashion district. The bartenders are friendly and up for anything - we challenged one of them to make a wine cocktail with lychee one night, turned out amazing! - and everyone I've been here with has raved about the cocktails they've had. Note: the bartenders aren't super aggressive and don't interrupt you the second you drain your glass to push more drinks on you, they let you take your time which is really a blessing in NYC. Flag one down if you want something, they'll be happy to serve. Go once, chill for a few hours, and you'll definitely find yourself going again and again. Not a bad thing, since it doesn't hurt the wallet :) ALSO, open super late! If you're out and don't want to call it a night just yet - stop in here for a drink, or a song.
50% happy hour from 5-8pm.  Gets way to loud from Thurs to weekend. Friendly staff.
This karaoke lounge bar scores on all points - atmosphere (interior and light), service, food, and it's inexpensive. I went there when this place first opened up and it was something else. This place opens til 6am that is perfect for late night singing after party or clubbing.  Must go place, and good to bring out-of-towners too. Servers and hostess were friendly when we arrived. I look forward to going back.
Love this place.   Big song catalog, easy to navigate system, fun rooms, multiple TVs, good audio, excellent service.
Nice, clean, new looking place at the top of Ktown (I always consider the 5th Ave end the butt side -- since I always come out at Herald Square :)) We came here with a Groupon. They were obliging, however they didn't have a lot of the beer selection their menu claimed to have since they were phasing out many items on the menu and creating a new one. So, a bit of a letdown on expectations management as I chose three drinks in a row that were not available. We tacked on an extra hour with the hour that was on the Groupon and that was not terribly cheap, $60 an hour for 8 people. After we were done, we hung out in the bar area for a bit. The DJ was actually pretty good but of course it was really loud like every bar in ktown. Finally, I should note that they have a dual machine system here. We like to use the Korean machine, which we knew has English songs, but the selection was lacking as they had not paid for the full line of Korean-machine-English-songs. So if you want to sing English, I'd probably stick with the straight English machine.
Dislike - 5 Bar Karaoke is in a hidden-ish location and there isn't any open bar karaoke only private rooms.  Very very quiet on a Friday immediately after work and their song selection didn't look very big either.
Get to the Chase: Pros: 1) Happy Hour 50% off from 5:00 PM - 7:00 PM 2) Lots of rooms, and easy to find in K-town Cons: 1) Happy Hour prices still don't make it cheap 2) Taking an elevator to the 5th floor that is shared with doctors' offices and residents...makes it kinda weird 3) Cheap decor and lounge area...seems like they are still adjusting or it was too early (5:00 PM) for them to clean up the place 4) Nothing special or to rave about...just another alternative if other places are full
Great place to have fun!
