I'd recommend this place to all my friends!  Definitely something cool to do, especially if you're in New York for some fun.  If you don't have a table reservation then arrive early (11ish) and dress to impress because whether or not you get in is at the doorman's discretion.  The first act of the show isn't until 1 am so the place doesn't start filling up till after midnight.  That didn't bother us at all though because the music was AMAZING!!  I'm not usually into dance music but it was the best I've ever heard and got me in a super good mood.  The drinks were super pricey--$17 for vodka soda and they automatically tack on a 20% tip but also leave a line for you to add on an additional tip which you might not catch in the dark--I didn't!  Kinda sucks 'cause I felt tricked into tipping twice!  The bartender was a super sweet girl though and the drinks are STIFF.  And I guess you're paying to see the show.  Probably better value to get bottle service if you have a sizable group.  It's definitely a unique if not bizarre experience...
Just visited this past weekend and it was really fun! That said, I don't think it would have been as fun w/o the bottle service table because it was crowded in the small space they let non-table holders stand. The female MC was great and it reminded me of Cirque here and there. There's some nudity so be prepared for that. All the people who worked there were really great, especially the door guy who helped us get cabs after a friend got sick.  It's worth one trip at least once in your life in NYC!
its fun if you're looking for a jaw dropping show and good dancing, i like that they have intermission in between acts. it gives you time to dance and socialize. the ambience is great and theres a very diverse crowd from hipsters to bankers, regulars dressed in corsets and wings to first timers there for business meetings. i've been a couple times and i usually have no problem getting in or getting drinks... its nice being  a girl. drinks are on the pricier side but its not hard to get drinks from other patrons if youre a girl. they play a variety of genres of music mostly hits past or present and fun to dance to. basically if you like to dance and watch naked people you'll have a good time.
I rarely say this, and I hate to, but the bouncer here is clearly racist.  I went here last night.  I've never been treated more rudely, for no reason, in the four years I've lived in NY -- and I've been to some real D-bag places.    I was with a group of 10 well-dressed, very attractive women, was ready to buy a table, and the bouncer at the door turned us away for no reason.  He was clearly racist (we are not white).  It was not busy - it was a Wednesday night; we could peek inside -- it was essentially empty.  Nor was it late.  He was clearly racist and incredibly rude.  He continued to become more rude as we stood there asking if we could buy a table.  It was for my friend's bachelorette party and I had even called ahead.  Stay away.
a pretentious and boring zoo
great place, cirque style show going on on in the background. music is pretty housey but other EDM styles and loungey music as well. good drinks, nice decor, good looking crowd, classy yet very cool low key nyc style crazy difficult to get, i got luck my buddy hooked it up, but friends have waited forever without success. some staff/bouncers a bit pretentious
I was defrauded hundreds of dollars by their waitstaff I booked a table and pre-paid tax & tip, when leaving the waitress was INSISTENT tip was NOT, and NEVER included in the bookings. I reluctantly provided a tip on what I assumed was the service total, and upon checking my receipts at home, discovered I had been fleeced for a 2nd tip on top of the original service+tip+tax amount!
In Order of Importance: 1) Good luck getting in. 2) Pushey mc-pusher-stein on the bottle service front. 3) Have a vagina or expect to know someone ... lest ye be judged. 4) Don't care how cool the show might be, no one deserves to be treated this way outside of Vegas.
If I could give less than one star I would. I ordered a table and when I got there they looked at me like I was a serf. Like I'm not being pretentious but we paid for a table!! Then when I got in after they charged my card they created a random couch table for me.. The bouncers and door host were so rude. Our table girl was amazing I think her name was Brittany? I get the whole "posh" and "exclusive" thing but when you're treating paying customers with terrible hospitality it's not okay. I've been here 3 times and it gets more douchey by the month. I'll never go back.
Came here last sat 4 my bday and had an amazing time!! Music here is good 4 dancing, sexy beats! It's a club and then around 1:30am they bring popcorn out and show starts every 20mins!! Had perfect view from table! Loved it!! Had sooo much fun!!!! The show is sexy and funny!! Full nudity!! Yay!!! ;) PS: Table cost is made up of min # of bottles to order, so had magnum dom, and 2 crystals! Love how girls do the parade! Also had chocolate covered strawberries, and they brought out a whipped cream cake! So cute!! :)
We went tonight after hearing rave reviews, but weren't let in because we were not half naked and in high heels. We waited in line for half an hour and the bouncer came up to us and asked, "Did you make any effort when getting ready tonight?" So just based on our experience outside I won't return.
Love, love, love this place. This is not where you go if you want to stop by to see your local super friendly bartender and order cheap drinks while you listen to the jukebox. It's packed. It's hot, its sexy. Sometimes it's x-rated. Dress to impress, enjoy the lush ambiance, drop some cash, and expect to be thoroughly entertained (and even shocked). The music is great and the acts are like nothing you've seen before. Is it pricey? Yes. Is it over the top? Yes. Is it awesome? Oh yeah it is. Not for the close minded or inhibited.   Go. Just go.
The worst place in NYC. Not only do they think they are gods gift but they are rude. We are all the same and all trying to have a good time. They are very judge mental and not fun skip this place.  It's the worst
This place blows. The bouncers are on a power trip and the cocktail waitress need to get their heads out of their behinds. Hidden auto gratuity on drinks. Nothing here is that spectacular- but then again, I am from Vegas.
Like this place a lot. Ppl need to realize its a show and you have to pay to get in. You don't walk up to a theater and be like "hey let me in for free" so this isn't any different. Great crowd. Great acts. Drinks are obviously overpriced $19 for a vodka soda. They should really add a mixology component to the place, I think that would add a lot. My other complaint (not their fault) is that you're usually too f*cked up by the time the acts start (~1:30am) to enjoy them or know what's going on.
Great place but it's too bad that the bouncer is racist
I had an amazing night at The Box for my bachelorette party. The staff was accommodating and two bartenders were so sweet. The show starts around 1am but by then many people (including myself) are too inebriated to realize what's going on, it's as if you're having some sort of strange dream. The crowd is diverse and hip, good looking. I would definitely recommend going to The Box if you're looking for an experience MUCH more exciting than your average nightclub. Good music, good entertainment, and an unforgettable night to remember! It's hard to get in without a rsvp or knowing someone but well worth trying and spending the $$$$$
I rarely give a 1 star rating (see other reviews) and despite all the exciting things that the Box has to offer and am sure you'd have fun at this unique place I am giving it a 1 star rating because my friends and I had a very unpleasant racist experience with the bouncers (specifically the short guy with the hat). Let me be clear. Rights of admission are reserved everywhere. And I think it's perfectly fine for a place to insist on a coat or collared shirts etc. What is not okay, is for a bouncer to pull one of my friends aside and make rude comments about another member in our group ("he looks like crap") just as he is letting two other guys dressed in exactly the same attire - tees and jeans into the place!  Of course you guessed it, the person he was referring to in our group is not white and was dressed in jeans and tee. Apparently that same attire was ok for him to get into PHD or other hotspots in town, and also ok for white guys to get into The Box but not for a non white person. My friends have been to The Box NY before and to The Box London. It was fun and entertaining BUT neither my friends nor I are willing to spend $ at a place like this. To the management: Do you really want to treat existing patrons like this? It's a pity you would let such a person be in charge of entry. Get your head out of the box and fire the dude with the hat. At the very least have someone smart enough to handle people with more respect and professionalism.
Best night for a long time, except I lost my favorite ring there.
So, I want to be much more clear than most of the reviewers of this place that I looked at prior to coming.  There is a very solid chance that during one or more of the 3 shows that go on between 1am and 3:30am you will see penis, breasts (sometimes on the same person),  vaginas and sex between men, women, and genders in between.  Now it is not Caligula at least I did not see any animals on stage... there was an alleged Leonardo DiCaprio sighting however.  Word of warning, do not sit in the front row or what I call the splash zone ;o) For the most part it is all in fun and the vibe is very cool.  The singing and legitimate dancing and rope / pole work are very well done.  There are some things that make you shake your head and seem to be clearly done for shock value.  I won't spoil it for anyone but you'll know those moments when you see them.  When the show is not going on it is a nice spot with good music and drinks.   Bring lots of money or bring someone who has it because these folks are reinventing the words mark-up and with absolutely no remorse about it whatsoever.  I can't say that this will be a regular habit for me but everyone should check this "Box" at least once.
I enjoy speakeasy bars. But I can't say that The Box is one such place. I came here for an event last week and had no problem getting in (again, the event helped) but things just never got more interesting from there. I was expecting great jazz music, jaw dropping burlesque entertainment and bourbon! What actually happened was loud angry rap music, semi-decent hula hoop skills and really flat white wine. Maybe it's wrong of me to judge the ambiance of a place during an event. But I think it's the best way to do. Go to another speakeasy where you won't have to worry about a strict door policy and all the above. There are much better venues than this place.
Rude, rude, rude assholes at the door giving you the shoo away gesture and a few verbal insults to nice people wanting to enjoy an evening. The only thing going for this place is the show which is mostly just T & A and a few low end performers spinning around or singing on stage. Tacky and low end.  Is it worth dishing out thousands for bottle service? No way. The show here hasn't changed in years. I would rather go to see Sleep No More and sit at the amazing bar on the roof or inside. The cocktails are professionally made mixology quality and the people aren't rude and snobby.  You could choose any number of places in the city. Why did I stop by here? To show an out of town friend but for locals there are better places. I used to go to The Box back in the day but these days the guys at the front door are extremely rude and all they want are people buying tables. It's constantly a "Private party" inside. That is code for "We want to sell tables." Last night the door man told me I wasn't getting in and to get lost. He wagged his hand at me in a shoo away gesture which was intensely offensive.  I'm not even an unattractive girl and it seems like all they want inside is money or models.  Enjoy your power hungry ego trips, boys because I'm going home to my Mercedes and your enjoying your minimum wage job ruling a doorway.
Horrified.  I came here for a bachelorette party.   They told us there would be a 2000 minimum + 500 tip. Suddenly it was a bait and switch where we spent 2000 but they added a 609 "stage charge" without including tip. It was really unfair and just a completely a bait and switch.
We made a reservation for bottle service, one bottle (at a min of $600 btw), and we were told that would get us  reserved "seats at the bar". Having never been to the place, I assumed the bar was in view of the stage and that our seats would be looked after should we decide to get up and wander.  Wrong and wrong. We got in the door no problem, the hostess marched us to the bar, handed us the bottle menu and left us. The bartender looked at me like I was speaking in tongues when I asked her where our seats were...she pointed to two seats at the end of the bar with no view of the stage. When I asked her if she would ensure our seats would stay reserved if we got up to walk across the room to see the show, she said "I'll do my best." K. So for almost $800, you get barstools that I almost got into a fight over when a lovely gem of a gal told me after I got back from the bathroom that it was now HER stool, no offer of mixers besides cranberry juice and soda for my bottle, no view of the stage, and feeling like I had to genuflect every time I asked the bartender for more booze from OUR BOTTLE.   Oh and let's not forget the added 20% tip. Totally. Lets talk about the "show".  One very olde time burlesque erotic act, followed by extended hiatuses where drunk patrons were on the stage dancing. DJ was good, ill give em that. There were a total of about  I dunno, 5 acts over the course of 5 hours, and guess what... I couldn't see any of them, except for the swinging trapeze artist over the bar-- actually, I take that back, I could see about 30% of the stage as reflected in the mirror over the shoulders of some of the pushiest rudest people I've been around. I mean literally shoulder checking each other to get a view of the stage.  Use your words, people. There was one act that is for pure shock value, I won't reveal it, but it certainly was not worth the 5 hours and $$$. Upstairs is off limits. Don't know how you get up there but some of the other reviews made it sound like you could wander up there--wrong. Again, bottle service without a table gets you jack shit. Purported Dress code and cell phone rules: despite the numerous yelp reviews (dubious in nature IMO), there were people using their phones all night, everywhere and even taking pictures with flash. And the rumored dress code...? Uh, high tops, skinny jeans, cut off tanks, baseball hats, tshirts with sleeves cut off, there is no F'ing dress code. Unless you want to drop a min of $1600 and get a table, the barstool reservation is a sham, just go to forever 21, buy the entire look off of a mannequin and buy individual cocktails. And wear 5" platforms. This advice is for guys too.
One definitely has to be open minded to have fun here. The shows are entertaining and the performers are intense. I'm pretty sure everyone in the audience is under the influence of some kind of substance or alcohol if not both. This place isn't for the innocent especially on the second floor where there's stripper poles available to those watching the show from up above.
The place is beautiful, amazing beautiful people inside but the nasty live shows left me scared for life and I'm very open minded so...you get the idea...I can't describe the show I saw there here because if I do yelp will prob sensor me. Let's just say that my stomach turns whenever I remember that horror show! But hey, to each their own!
The bartender was great and very accommodating. He took care of us all night long. I really liked the vibe at the venue. The shows were over the top but entertaining. The crowd was a good mix of quirky and good looking folks. Of course the ambiance was great but perhaps my favorite aspect of The Box was the fact that pretty much everyone was dancing between the shows. It was a great vibe and one of those NYC experiences that everyone should try once. I might not be running to the box every weekend, but I'm sure glad I went.
This place has passed its prime. Highlights: $50 cover $90 credit card minimum Cramped space: you're not even allowed into the main space to see the burlesque shows. Rude, belligerent service: Staff will literally tell you to buy table service if you want a good experience. Ushers get aggressive and will push you and scream in your face Trashy crowd
Very exclusive which doesn't always equate to fun for me but still I love this place.  The show is a huge trip, and the tables upstairs are great for a view of the ridiculosity,  the girls that frequent here are hot and wild.   The risqué performances are very out there... You think it's a girl, it's a guy.  You think it's a guy, it's a girl.  Are those people having sex on stage?  Is that guy prescribing copious amounts of substance abuse to the masses?  Love it, very NYC. As others have said, know that it is a difficult place to get into, so be patient, pay, come early or get to know someone.  Enjoy the trip.
I don't think describing this place with words can do it any justice so let me just tell you what I saw. The first act was some guy pulling some Cirque Du Soleil stunts which were pretty amazing. The second was a male and female pair of fire eaters who wore little to the imagination. They acted quite naughty towards each other and put on a great show. The third act involved a clown. The clown came out wearing a diaper and a leather jacket. The clown was drinking a bottle of what appeared to be whiskey. The clown then took off the jacket to reveal they had breasts. Then took off the diaper to reveal they had a penis. The transsexual clown then proceeded to urinate on the people in the front. Interesting to say the least. The decor inside was beautiful. Girls swinging from chandeliers. Great time. It's a once in a lifetime experience, I think everyone should do. It's real hard to get in so don't expect to just show up and be allowed in. You either got to drop serious cash, come at the right time or know someone. The drinks are also really expensive. If you think $15 dollar drinks are expensive, you know nothing about this place.
U either know someone or pay a shit load of money. When I didn't know someone who was friend with someone who was someone, I paid 5k for a table with 2 bottles (1 champagne and one something else I was too drunk to remember). And if you don't get a table u either pay $50 or $100 depending on how the door guy thinks how hot u look. Once I know someone, everything was free. Kimberly is like the main singer and she has an amazing voice. I love the acts there but u have to be open minded or else u r scarred for life. This person once peed at the audience. This other person pulled condoms off her/his ass and vag and threw them at drunk ppl which I think they totally deserved.
Well, I got knocked in the head by a chick swinging from the ceiling by a rope. And then a dude with a full Colonel Sam mustache and tight leather pants pinched my butt. And two drag queens on stage asked me to change into something more comfortable. And the naked Go Go dancer stopped dancing for a full five minutes so she could squirm around horizontally on her platform while gay boys ... caressed her. Just another Wednesday at The Box.
Firstly, The Box is a super-exclusive place (and for good reason), so don't expect to get in unless you know someone... The Box is an old itsy little theater that was converted into a club. I always love me some fine entertainment, and this place definitely provides. I will warn you, however, that most of the acts are reminiscent of a raunchy Cirque du Soleil I never saw. All the performers, however, have some real talent. The last time I went, a Jimi Hendrix look-alike in a white LED lit bellbottom pantsuit did a tap number in the dark. And what's even cooler about this place is that the performers (in costume) and club-goers become completely intermixed after the show.
Wow. I'm not much of a math guy, but something tells me that four vodka sodas + two shots of well tequila shouldn't result in a bar tab of $132 (including auto gratuity... what?!). I get that I'm in New York, but seriously? Le sigh... Besides that absolutely astronomical cost of libations, The Box is a great little change of pace to the usual bar and restaurant routine in NYC. By no means is this a secret lair, so most anyone in LES knows what to expect when sauntering through their front doors. It's dinner theater with antics that will blow you away, so you sort of have to pretend you're paying for a ticket to Cirque du _____ (insert production). Strangely, the performance I witnessed was almost worth the triple-figure round of rotgut. Certainly a place I'd come back to if the time were right. Avoid this place like the plague on the weekends if you know what's good for you. But you already knew that, right?
Rude door people are about as in-style as boot cut jeans and Kate Gosselin's haircut. Don't hold a private event here unless you'd like your guests to be heckled by door guys at a quickly-dying establishment. Also - it smells like garbage outside of this establishment.  Maybe that's why they call it "The Box" ?
It was a unique experience with great company, but the service was A-1 FAKE. That's right. They pretended to be our friends, but it was so obvious that they are phonies. We had a private table upstairs on the Mezzanine and paid the price for it, which was a very expensive bottle (well over $500) of relatively standard vodka. The performances were very good - I have seen some that I would call their equal at a Montreal burlesque festival, but without the consistency. The problem came at the end when we, as two people, weren't about to finish the 40 pounder. We wanted to give the rest away, as is a relatively common practice in any Montreal supper club, but we WERE NOT allowed to. That's right, they treated us like we were in the process of shop lifting them, all with a polite smile on the face. So what did I do? I poured the bottle out into the ice bucket. I have never encountered anything like it in my life and it ruined an otherwise excellent evening. For the sake of the performers, I give it two stars.
Not for the easily offended! They should put that in bold print on their website. O Lord. I came here and was surprised even knowing it was going to be a freak show. Keep in mind that you will need to either A) know someone, B) be a hot girl, or C) be willing to drop A LOT of cash. The space is pretty tight, everything about it seems like it's been around for years. It has a really cool vaudeville/circus vibe inside. There's an aerial hoop artist swinging above the bar between shows. She was super flexible, the guys below definitely enjoyed the show. As you go towards the stage in the main room it gets crowded. I would suggest getting a table when coming here, and getting one upstairs. Of course that will probably mean spending a minimum of $1k though. I watched from below and it was packed and very hard to see the stage. The night I went.... there was a schoolgirl lap dance act, a yodeling little person  puppet duo, a contortionist/silk artist, and a man shaving his balls and flashing the audience with his breasts. Sooo yea. If you want a wild way to cap off an evening, come to The Box. One final note on the negative reviews.... Yes the doormen are assholes, that is a given at any hot spot in Manhattan. Saying management should "fire them" is laughable. They would just be happy to hear they're doing the job they hired them to do! The space inside is also very limited so they can't just let anyone in who is not buying a table. And finally, the drink prices are high, but when you factor in that you aren't paying a cover and seeing nudity/acrobatic acts, you are actually getting a pretty good deal for 20 bucks!
A truly singular New York experience, top to bottom.  I have never seen or experienced anything quite like it in this city, and yet everything about it is SO New York.  I may be overstating things here, but it renewed my faith in New York nightlife.   I was invited to the Virgin America launch party there, and even then my guest and I had to wait about 20 min to get in.  The facade is nothing: an old, run down graffitied door.  If it weren't for the crowds outside, you would walk right by it.  But it's by far one of the toughest doors I've seen.  There were 6 (count 'em), PR girls with headsets outside the door, including the one who invited me, and we still couldn't get in right away - "capacity issues," and all that.  Even a personal friend of the CEO of Virgin America couldn't get in.  The CEO had to come out and get him.  Quintessential New York exclusivity. Once inside, it's a whole other ballgame.  Beautiful people fill the maze like, bi-level interior, modeled after a New Orleans theater in homage to the Hammerstein Ballroom.  Gorgeous bartenders and servers passed champagne and special cocktails (thank god for open bar - I hear the price tags are outrageous).  Music bounced from hip-hop, to house, to Prince, to funk and soul, without blinking an eye.  Somehow it worked. But what made the night superb was the Variety Show which apparently happens nightly at midnight.  It's here that you get transported to somewhere between 20's Berlin and 19th Century Paris.  The androgynous, bleach-blond, inked host (whose name escapes me) MC's a list of acts that includes a blues singer, burlesque dancers, a hip-hop Harlem trio, a Double Dutch team,  a bluegrass duo, acrobats, and tops it all off with a full-on Can-Can.  I couldn't stop smiling the entire time The whole experience was classic, modern, urban, exclusive, diverse, and utterly fabulous.  Without a similar invite or someone else picking up the tab, I doubt I'll be back, but it's an experience I won't soon forget.
What the Hell is this place? it's like the ninth circle of hell! My friend told me to meet me here and being used to the laid back lounges around the LES, was met with a friggen velvet rope and pretentiousness, with Miley Cyrus clones waiting in line for a whole block just to get into this mess. Really? get over yourselves you little shits.
The Dreaded One Star ..... It's THAT bad. Door Guy = Asshole. Let in my hot girl friend, my boyfriend,) but he stopped my black guy friend. My black guy friend is tall, handsome, and was properly dressed to get in this place. he is far from thug or w/e, he looks more like a hipster than anything else, but they wouldnt let him in. It embarrassed him completely. Super rude. So I go in to tell my friend we're not going to stay. The place is freaking weird. Grossly expensive drinks, and seemingly full of douche bag jersey shore types. I got hit on 3 times in like 3 minutes. by the situation clones. No thanks. It's a snobby place that tries to hard to be trendy. It's not just b/c it's not my kinda place that it has 1 star, I actually don't mind some of the nyc trendy spots, this one was just, as i said, WEIRD.kind of scary. And not in a cool way. Ew. I will NOT ever be back.
I went to the Box night before last and I'm still trying to dry out my liver and erase that which I saw. Man, what a show. I had been hanging out at an art opening with one of the owners a couple nights earlier and he mentioned that we should come in and check it out. I had no idea what a big deal it was and he hooked us up with a VIP lounge, which I'm told would have cost us several thousand (if we were paying.) He told us to be prepared. Something about a recent act who could lip sync to Brittney Spears with her "other" lips....He said, "Dude, I've been to Bangkok, and ain't seen sh*t like this." Anyway, if you're a sinner, as I am, The Box feels like home.
Wow.   I can write another 5,000 words but none of them will quite say it as much as just "wow". I went in May on a friday, with my best friend and her date (totally third wheelin) but they invited me so don't hate.  And no it wasn't to have a threesome. Thank god I was on someone else's tab....I know its expensive, according to the other reviewers, but I really have no idea how much it costs.  The only clue I was given was when we got there on a friday night, there were 3 asian girls in the line in front of us, the door girl asked "do you girls want to see the show?" They said yes and walked right in.  She saw home dude standing 5'8 all insecure and me and my friend in louboutins and cocktail dresses up to 5'11 and said "$580 if you want to buy a bottle".  Ha.  Man she was a bitch too, unnecessarily so. Advice: dress upscale cocktail, but the good shit.....don't leave the Chanel at home, these people know their stuff and they are not friendly about it. So we were in at midnight, and the bottle of champagne was gone in 30 minutes.  We smooshed into the crowd to watch the first show, couldn't see a damn thing, bouncers were always yelling at me to move out of the aisle, girls were stepping on each other, the waitress was barking at everyone and spilling drinks (again unnecessarily) and it was hottttt.  I pressured my friend to ask her date to get us a table, apparently he was already on it. We found MALLORIE, a super cute bottle girl, who was happy to whisk us away to much nicer territory.  I didn't hear the convo but I know she said something to him like "trust me, you don't want that empty table down here", so upstairs to the balcony we went.  The table could squeeze 4 in true NYC fashion but in reality was just enough for the 3 of us to lean our heads over and see the whole show. I have no idea how much that table cost, or how much the bottles of champagne we drank cost, or how many we had.  We were there till 5 am, and she paraded bottle after bottle after bottle with sparklers in them (always a good idea to give drunk people fireworks) and our glasses were never empty. The show was absolutely insane.  I've greyed out, but I do remember Michael Jackson, aerial silks, a naked ballerina, a 70's foxy brown pulling dildos out of her fro....then pulling something out of her **** AND her *****, a tranny peeing on the front row, the MC giving a lap dance to the swedish guys in the front row that got peed on.....the rest is kinda fuzzy. The restrooms are just as sketch as the rest of the place, I remember something about a sex bathroom, a faint memory of me jumping on a stripper pole upstairs while my friends sat on the couch and watched, I took my shoes off (but the pearls stayed on) and my feet stuck to the floor, the velvet curtain surrounding us didn't quite hide the bj I'm pretty sure the girl at the table next to us was giving, and I remember having an intense conversation with the assistant director about....something.  I have no idea. Wow what a blast, I wish I could remember more.  And thank god it wasn't on my tab, I'm pretty sure the night set our friend-dude back 3k++.    Thanks man!
Haha joke, pretends to be fancy but it's not. I'm a party promoter and know parties in the city.... this is a no go! Do not waist your time going to stupid parties like this! No hurts feelings it's just one of the lamest party in manhattan!
Ahh, the box.  Don't come here if you're easily offended, I'm sure by now you've gotten that from other reviews but I'm also sure you're feeling curious.   First thing to think about is unless you know someone you'll probably get hit up at the door for a pricey "ticket" fee.  A ticket to the show that is, and after the show you may feel getting molested by midgets or seeing a man with bigger boobs than your mom shave his testicles is not worth the money you just paid.  Or is it?  Our last trip was close enough to the holidays we got to experience the Santa Vagina and it was everything you can imagine... a bearded vagina zoomed in on the big screen and talking to the crowd.  I don't actually remember what it said was totally distracted by it's beard and santa hat.   Even though the show is strange, awkward, and slightly humiliating even just to watch I have never been here once where it hasn't seemed to actually get people in the mood.  Guys are always buying us drinks and trying to make out in booths, I don't partake but trust me if you're trying to get laid a late night at the box just might do it- even after all the LGBT action and freaky side shows. The Box seems to be the end of the night type of place, like a drunken escapade night out on the town in the meatpacking always ends with someone saying let's go to the box!  And the box we go... and then that's the minute you know this night is dirty dirty trouble.
Hipsters Crazy Face Control 2 drinks for the $40 Dancing on the pole Kissing with the travesti Kissing with the random girls Dancing on the stage Party with guy and girl in the restroom... I hate The Box because I don't want to party somewhere else.
My fiance and I tried this place after me begging/talking about it for months. I really wanted to see what the hype was all about. We were up next to get in by the rope and finally caught someone's attention. Young dude, with a clipboard in hand, and a douchebag mustache that was growing down to his chin, comes up and asks who we are with. I said it's just the two of us -- my fiance and I had just celebrated our anniversary at 21 Club so we were both very dressed up, him in a suit, me beautiful - so I didn't think we'd have a problem getting in. "You have two options - buy a bottle or pay $100 each to get in" --- I understand the exclusivity at places in NYC but I couldn't grasp how he was saying all this with a straight face. So we left and I burst out laughin in the middle of the street. I am not sorry we did not go in, but at least I've gotten it out of my system. From what I've read here, the acts are the same you get to see at the $5 cover Slipper Room.
You know all those "hot clubs" Stefon from SNL is always promoting? Well, these places actually exsist, and they exsist in The Box nbc.com/saturday-night-l… I hear the box is great on Tuesdays, however I went last night (Thursday) and had an amazing time. Surrounded by an attractive, outgoing and young crowd, The Box possesses a sort of taboo "naughtiness" that is only allowed in nightmares- ah I mean dreams. Go here with an open mind, and I guarantee you will not be disappointed. Think night club lounge meets burlesque show, mixed with a little bit of sideshow circus. Effing unbelievable. It's so weird and messed up that it's genius. Try to get a table down front (there are 2 levels of tables), preferably the ones with the couches. The hostess usually interacts with these tables and will pull you on stage,....or pee on you (....seriously, watch out for urine). There are 4 sets of shows, 1am, 2am 3am and 4am. Each show progressively becomes more and more bizarre, and more and more "WHAT!? OMG EWWW WHAT!? I CAN'T WATCH! WHY AM I WATCHING!?!? OMG!!!" Stay for the last show, take the following day off and allow yourself to get wild with all the others dancing on the couches around you. Good music, good fun and absolutely no morality. Loves it.
Have an open mind? Then, I would recommend go to the Box and go for the shows.. went on a Wednesday - got there just before midnight, really quiet night, which is how I prefer it. Had an absinthe cocktail by the bar before going in to the stage/seating area, ordered a bottle of champagne and sat down to watch a show. Saw this Billy Idol character come out of the stage, he sang &  entertained the patrons, he was the host of the show. Then eight girls come out and sort of undulated around him, they were all topless. Imagine that Robert Plant video, but funnier.  The act was much more natural then let's say Crazy Girls in Vegas. Less scripted and more raunchy, kitschy. The next act was a little crazy, please be forewarned now. A guy with fake boobs came out on stage, thought when he took of his top it would be a padded bra but no, this guy had gotten platic surgery to get himself a set (but he did not look pretty like the "girls" in Thailand that are really boys but look like women) it was interesting because he was obviously a guy in drag with huge fake..Next he took of his bottoms, so now he's completely naked, with a wee, little thing waving around while he's struttin and singin. Next....he er sits on a bottle, yes, up his you know what and then worse, finale, he takes the bottle from his a$% and puts it in his mouth. Yes, it's really, really gross and depraved but really, really interesting to watch at the same time. You can't help but be like.... WTF? Am I drunk or did I just really SEE that?? Yes, I really saw that and yes, I recommend The Box. Disclaimer: If you're not into wall to wall model/entertainment types that probably don't work the next day, then don't go. I'm definitely not that type and have/hold a day job but I still adore The Box, it's fun, and not your typical boring, bottle service club.
This place is exactly what you expect, plus more. All of the other reviewers are correct, it is very exclusive and you need to know someone to get in. It's expensive but you get a show and there're no tickets. So, in the end it's not really that horrible. Luckily, someone in my party knew the doorman...or maybe it was my linen outfit? Nah! Anyway, I hadn't even heard of the place until that morning. However, I felt I had a good idea of what to expect. On to the depravity. First, the inside of the place is vaudevillian meets recently abandoned theatre in a horror movie. So put yourself in that mind frame. Once you get in, you're greeted by a bunch of people that have been out all night and are in the mood to party - cue the dancing and general revelry. Then, performers start showing up. These people look crazy in their street clothes. But, they're surprisingly friendly if you engage with them properly. My crew was going to get a table but decided against it. I'm actually glad we did. Being amongst the crowd was awesome. We met people and had an opportunity to cut loose with the masses.   Then, the show began. We saw some wild stuff. Little people having (what I think was) fake sex in a strange act; cirque du soleil over the bar; he/she action; a singer; a little naked blasphemy, strange things with dildos and butt beads...yeah use your imagination or just go! Seriously, get ready to drop some coin but have a ball if you're open and maybe a lil' nihilistic.
Maybe the place looks OK. Maybe the music is kind of OK. But a $17-vodka soda (plus the 20% tip that the bartender adds up) is just simply not worth it at all!  Add a pretty rude door people and really slow bartenders... yikes. Never again!
Came in On Jan 1st when everyone's staying home and relax after a crazy party during NYE. No Signs outside , so it's a bit hard to find the place, but I'm pretty sure you'll find 2 TALL Bounders outside dressed UP with One tiny Asian dude (looking like sensei) who's the Manager in charge of who's coming in, who's not. WOW. So it was easy for us to get in and was not crowded and we were nice (heheehheeh). Didn't expect to see such a great performance: 1) T-R-A-N-S-V-E-S-T-Y doing everything what  you can imagine (BRrRrRrRrRr) 2) Couple hot girls dancing (Like pussycat dolls) 3) French rapping, making all the sounds with his mouth (THAT WAS IMPRESSIVE), He did from Beyonce, to Lady Gaga, To David Guetta. Love the decor, not impressive about the drinks tho.  Will come back again once in a blue moon to see what's new. But if you have to come at least ONE time to SEE IT ! This is what's good about NYC.  ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS COMES FROM HERE!
If Studio 54 (at the height of fame) and Gypsy Rose Lee (in her heyday) shacked up during one drunken, coked-up night of wild partying, nine months later they would have given birth to The Box. Like nothing you've ever seen, The Box will shock you. Take you on a crazy ride into the night which seems endless. Your sight line will be peppered with images of body painting, tons of naked chicks, men in kilts, men in nothing and aerial acrobat acts that will leave you wondering how people manage to bend that way. Don't show up before 1am. And if you don't know someone there, don't show up at all--you'll just be wasting your time. Though it's been around the block a few times, the bordello decor, curtained-off rooms equipped with plush lounge seating and stripper poles, raunchy-artsy-twisted burlesque-influenced shows and $20 glasses of champagne are an experience worth having...even if there's so many people who've been inside there before you.
OK, so, a few of us had reviewed The Box before, but for some reason the page was changed to "Hubcaps Bar & Grill" in Illinois.  WTF, mate?  Anyway, I'm re-posting my review here... This place is absolutely beautiful.  On the outside, it's completely unexpected (as previous reviewers have noted).  Inside, it's one of the best-decorated venues I've come across in Manhattan.  The mismatched wallpapers and most of the furniture look like they've been salvaged from buildings of various historical vintage; it's a bit European, a bit Old South, a bit speakeasy.  You almost wish there weren't a municipal smoking ban, because the smoke would certainly complete the atmosphere (and some folks were busting out the cigs anyway).  The upstairs balcony was my favorite part, divided into little private booths with couches in them.   It's the kind of place you've really got to see for yourself; completely unexpected in this neighborhood (or any other) in downtown Manhattan.  The dinner-theater performances, too, are of great quality.  Very entertaining stuff. Re: libations, the drinks were delicious -- didn't get any food.  Wine selections are great.  Definitely expect to be plunking down quite a few bucks, but it's the sort of venue that's so unique it's worth the price.
One word:  NAUGHTY Go indulge yourself on a week night. The music they DJ between shows is FAB! *I'm in LOVE with the devil!*
I love The Box! Its always a good time, if you can manage to get past the strict door or have an invite. They always have some quirky shows. I remember watching a burlesque show here last year and the performances blew my mind! They really know how to entertain large crowds because I dont think there has ever been a night this place has not been packed! I dont drink anymore so I can't tell you if the drinks are worth it, but soley for the performances its definitely a place that will guarantee you to have a good time.
This is just one of those places you have to see for yourself. Any review, good or bad, won't do it justice. Key things to know: - The door guys are picky. If you don't have a reservation, be prepared to be turned away for reasons you won't understand. - Drinks are abnormally expensive, even for NYC standards. - $500 gets you in the door and gets you a bottle, but it doesn't necessarily get you a table. It didn't get me one with my 6 friends. - You will see some freaky shit. Come here with an open mind. I would definitely come back, but only if I can get a table. Great place to take friends from out of town.
I couldn't help but say "Whoa.." the minute I stepped into this theater/lounge. A cozy and unexpected surprise smack in between Chinatown and the LES, The Box was the Perfect (with a capital P) venue to see Imogen Heap perform. Think: Dark drapes, dim hanging lamps with ornate designs, candles, and stately but mismatched furniture. The stage was lit by many candles, and two standing lamps, creating a perfect frame around the red grand piano. The setting was amazing. And so was the music. Ms. Heap did mention that this place just opened recently, so I'm unsure about what to expect on a normal day. This place's website states that it is a "theater/fine dining" location.. hmm. One thing's for sure though. I'd definitely want to come back on a regular day to find out what's up.
This place is terrible. This is the place that your mama and a priest used to warn u about. Shameless,fake, snobbish, arrogant, loud,dirty, semi legal,vulgar, obscene,all expensive and cheesy.  and why do I love it so much?! because its so shameless, fake, and snobbish. air filled with expensive perfumes, soho snobbism, alcohol fumes, drugs and sex. They have a mind blowing shows-acrobats flying all naked in front of u, hostess with all alluring,sweet and tantalziing voice, transsexual with breaking all the moral boundaries acts, midgets, barely dressed waitresses, dancers in thongs with only a piece of metal covering their nipplezz, a stripper in a teddy bear costume and many more. Very and very difficult door on a shownights. either u are a pack of giggling, sex,y 20 smthng girl, or u have a table for $1000 and up, you are a celebrity, or you have connections w a crew-good luck on getting in. very pretentious place, its will cost you a handsomely to have a good time at the box. yet,it worth to gve it a try for the sake of experience. ambiance-well, its weird. there are celebrities popping in and out (last time i was there Sean White was in the house), rich, sugar-baby seeking wall street guys, spoiled young college brats spending their parents $$, shady peeps who  come to do some business or so and many many adventure seeking young pretty,dumb and easy girls.
Surprised that this hasn't been yelped yet...   A place to dine with friends while taking in an outrageous burlesque show. The young owner, Simon Hammerstein of Circus fame, used thrift shop finds to create a funky, classic, theater interior. On a recent visit, it was an off night, filled with bridge and tunnel commuters. The midnight show still hadn't started after 1AM. I've found that it's best to get invited to a private party here. It gets packed during these parties, and the door is utter chaos, but a stellar crowd shows up, depending on the party. Or, you can make dinner reservations ($$$$) and max your plastic. Just note that the noise level makes conversation impossible.
WORST NIGHT in recent memory.  While posing as a club where "anything goes."  The only thing that really goes is your money.  And it's not just for the ridiculously overpriced drinks...it's hidden in a series of confusing charges and, for our group, the self-included tip that one particular waitstaff slipped onto our bill.  I cannot emphasize enough how outrageously priced this place is for a night of novelty and unabashed burlesque.
Can't really say much about this place because I was there for a magazine release party back in January. Music was dope, but it was a hot blues singer by the name of Acantha doing a live performance and Gilles Peterson and Nossa were on the decks, and I doubt any of them are going to be regular fixtures here anytime soon. Drinks were cheap, but it was an open bar. Crowd was cool, but that probably has more to do with the magazine than the venue, so who knows if any of those people will be back during a "regular" night. However, what I CAN say about the place is that the space is nice, although I think I'm getting a little tired of the whole nondescript-facade-in-a-crappy-looking-but-­actually-gentrified-neighborhood-leading-to-a-­surprisingly-nice-interior schtick. It's big enough for a live performance, but small enough to feel intimate. The front is reminiscent of somebody's Victorian parlor with a bar, and the back is like an old-fashioned theater, laid out just as didi s described. As a venue, it's got a lot of potential, but it will depend on the strength of its entertainment booking to live up to it. Definitely a place to keep your eye on for the moment, though. Three stars for now, and worth revisiting later.
So I've been looking to drop in here for quite some time. Finally, I was able to check this place out a few weeks ago on a friday. The shows are really fantastic, weird, eery, and great entertainment. I only saw the "2nd show of the night" as it was announced, around 2am. "Slave master" act was awesome. However, I did not come with a table, and the place is just too small. The crowd was eclectic (table full of transvestites in different wigs and fencing masks). If you don't have a table it's not worth it.
Shocking, exciting, vulgar, raunchy, expensive, exclusive, and fun are a few words that pop into my head when I think of The Box! Make sure that you are on the list or have your confirmation email on your PDA because the door is tough.   The scene is packed with socialites, models (I'm 5'8 and it seemed like I was the shortest person there), and celebs (Jude Law is one of the investors).  They serve dinner and absinthe cocktails which is always a plus in my book.
I decided that this is the only place I have ever not written or will ever not write explicitly about. I will say it is an amazing party in every way. But not for the faint of heart or weak of stomach. When you go, keep your mind open and your legs closed. (unless you don't want to of course).
The Box... where do you begin? Similar to other reviews I've read, The Box is the sort of place you have on your Life List. I knew I needed to go, I just don't know if I need to go back. I would never have been able to get in had I not known a promoter. With that being said, I got in past a line and a velvet rope with no problem; major confidence booster. As soon as we entered the club, we had to pass another check-point to get upstairs. We made our way to stage right and were dangling right over the performers. The first act wasn't announced by the MC, so he seemed to have some trouble clearing the stage from drunkards. Once the MC appeared I saw a handful of acts; a woman hanging in a Cirqu-du-soleil type hammock in her panties, a genetic male with implants spurting blood and liquor from his mouth (who later peed on the audience - fake urine I presume), a woman who removed something (a fetus?) from her lady-bits and then bit into it (yes, folks, full frontal), and an impressive magic duo. Honestly, at 25 years old, and someone who thinks of herself as very liberal, I was still shocked at some of the acts. The show doesn't move that quickly, but perhaps if you are drunker than I it does. The venue encourages drugs and drinks, so feel free to do what you wish, carefully. Overall it was a night to remember for sure. The space is small and unique. Go with no expectations and full pockets and you'll have a good time.
Went there with 8 friends who were over visiting from the UK for my 30th birthday last Saturday (for the earlier showing and before heading to the abysmal Masion), and I can confidentially say that we were all blown away. It was the perfect mix of comedy, eroticism and circus style acts (especially loved the Japanese body-popping dude)...although didn't love quite so much the fact I had to get up on stage right at the start, although won't give away what I had to do as I'm sure they do it at other shows. Guess if you know your stuff when it comes to burlesque, or shows of this style, then it might less appealing, but for a newbie like myself, I cannot recommend it highly enough. Staff also great and prices not too bad...
The Box... really? I'm not sure what all the hype was all about - I spent 6 years in Bangkok so I'm used to seeing Transvestite and Freak Shows. I remember one time my ex convinced us to go watch the Ping Pong show in Patpong - now that was some freaky mindf*ck stuff. The Box - I was expecting some really crazy off the wall based on all the huff & puff. The shows were entertaining but nothing super shocking except for the part where Dwight Howard sized Transvestite took a piss on all the expensive tables upfront. Luckily, our table was on the side and avoided the golden shower. Music wasn't anything special. Top 40 - Put it down one me~~ type. The shows start @ 1am and 3am - the door is pretty pretentious. Crowd inside is rather chill - no jersey shore fist pumpers. I give it a 3 stars for average shock factor.
This place is SO much fun! Britney Spears' music video, Circus, represents The Box perfectly. Every turn entertains ones' senses with fun music, interesting shows, and well-made drinks.   But beware, the entry to this club is narrow.  If you can get past, enjoy one of New York's best shows!
After Make A Wish Foundation - I wanted to go dance and F suggested we come to THE BOX. I actually never been here and F said there wouldn't be that much space to move or dance, but we can go and check it out. S said let's get a table there...I am not sure what went down, but the table cost changed to $1600. Usually tables cost would cost the most at $800 dollars, but $1600 for some rinky dinky table is beyond crazy. I could understand if it was $1600 for a very lavish VIP room, but we were upstairs in this crazy small space and a tiny table with not enough room for 8 people. I didn't like the set up of the place, the VIP section was all the way upstairs and you had to walk down two flights of stairs to go to the restroom. They should have restroom upstairs and a bigger VIP section. I didn't pay attention to the show...don't get me wrong, I think I still had fun...I don't remember much, but really not worth $1600.
My favorite Wed. night social hour. Thankfully exclusive.   The shows are ALWAYS jaw droppingly fabulous and risqué. There are absolutely no boundaries here. If you are sitting downstairs- expect to interact with the performers. You may even leave wet with liquids of sorts. This is artistic expressionism at it's finest. I highly recommend meeting someone who has hook ups to the mezz to really experience the lower east side - New York City in general. After seeing last week's raunchy, grotesque show, I can truly say I've seen it all. New York, I LOVE YOU and the drag queens you breed.
This place is wild!!! I've been there twice once in 2010 and once in 2011 and I'm not sure why I've hesitated so much to put up this review but here it is... IT'S A WILD SHOW!   I somehow ended up with Raven's bottle of champagne who handed it to me from stage, took pictures on stage with some tourist girls who decided to ....oops maybe I shouldn't say... something to do with the picture we took lol. I know everyone talks about the door, however I've never experienced any problems.  The first time I found it completely by chance when the bartender at the place next door suggested it and the second time it was just a last minute plan.  I didn't buy a bottle or paid to get in.  So I guess is a hit or miss.
When you can't get in, everyone wants to go inside. Getting past the door guy will be a challenge. Be prepared to know someone or pay top dollar for a table. I think he said something like $3,000 in bottle service at 3:30 am. We weren't paying that. Luckily someone knew someone and we managed to slip through the door. The Box looks like quaint an old renovated theater with little converted box seats that have been converted for bottle service, just steps away from the burgundy and gold velvet curtains that open up to the stage, "the box". When the show starts, an usher comes through with a flashlight to clear the isles. Granted now it was close to 4 am and I wanted to see what the rage was about. A woman comes out in a stage wrapped in black electrical tape around her breasts, and around her legs, otherwise completely naked, she is holding a can of black paint and a paint brush. She proceeds to paint herself in black paint, very av-ante guard....and then...um...well, starts to get more personal with the same paint brush. My Italian friend looked at me and yawned. "Wanna get out of here?" We waited outside for 20 mins, we stayed for 20 minutes. It's not too shocking, or entertaining, but it makes for a good story and something to check of your to do list. Enjoy the show....
WOW this place is filled with grade A d-bags. I thought trashy metrosexuals were swarming in hollywood, the box gets the cut. Don't get me wrong, the crowd was pretty good looking, but they were mostly the hot girls that worked there scantly clad in burlesque clothing, wearing near nothing. The guys were improper and grabbed them and touched them, which I almost wanted to punch for them. Most guys were the ones at the bar, so I was wrestling them to get a damned drink. How dare them shove a girl! Then some ex-tall model who gained a bunch of weight came trampling in like an amazon woman and stepped on a bunch of peoples toes. My date was chivalrous enough to stick out his foot and trip her. Big things do indeed fall a lot harder. Finally the show started. I've seen so many burlesque in my day, I didnt care to watch. I'm sure it was great but I was just glad the bar emptied out to finally order a damn drink that cost $20 each. After that, we just decided to go. It was just too crowded, but then again ALL clubs are crowded with bridgentunnel on fri/sat. WE went on a friday and I couldnt even breath on one of the colder nights in may. By the way, its almost impossible to get in unless you know the door guy or on the list or whatever. Thank god we didnt have to wait to get in or I'd be pist of such a lame time. I'll go again, but never on a fri/sat night.
Oh boy this place is hard to find. NO SIGN and construction didn't really help. I came here for a performance. The doorman/bouncer whatever you want to call it was totally disorganized. There were several lines and people just don't know where to lineup, and they were rude as well. The place is very old-fashion theater style which 2 floors.. table on the side and stage was so-so. I was too cheap to pay 60$ for table seat. I was standing the front right next to the stage.. I consider it was the best seat in the house heh. Will I recommend this place.. probably not.. but if they have great musician to perform here.. I probably will come back for the musician!!!
Although it probably brands me as a bumpkin to say so, I expect to be treated like a human being when I spend $1,700. Good for them that they can afford to be assholes, I suppose.
If you plan on going to The Box, first make sure you are guaranteed to get in, otherwise you will be standing there..forever or never. Second, make sure you are ready to pull a morning stretch, cause the show starts around 2am, so either stay rested before or drink your favorite energy drink to keep you alert. If you are one of the lucky or privileged to enter the halls of this venue, you will be treated to a surprise provocative and racy vaudeville show that will blow your mind. On the downside, the helfty cost of drinks at The Box could blow you pocket book. I would expect something like this in L.A., but I don't think this type of venue and 21st century revision of the vaudeville show exists there...yet. Expect people to start biting the idea. Actually, it's rumored that the idea came from the Slipper Room just a few blocks east, but The Box really configured the style into a posh club.
Nothing signifies the height of 2008 opulence better than The Box circa of summer 08. $10K tables, crazy shit both on and off podium, and we don't give a f*#& vibe... That firebird has been long tamed, and if u are afraid to feel like you are feasting in the time of plague, don't. The Box is feeling more and more like a lounge than a performance venue and few remaining performance are not as risque, crowd is less hot and few people are dancing in intermissions. I.e., the writing is on the wall... Don't come here if you have been here before, but might be cool to visit for the first time. Go Fri or Sat after 12:30 and plan to stay till 4am. Don't come without a table reservation, this is the only place in Manhattan where not having a table makes one feel like a looser (imagine going to Met, watching Opera standing, except not in the very back but standing in isles among seating audience)
I have only been to one other Burlesque club before....in Scottsdale, AZ of all places....so I was not sure what to expect here. I heard this was a hard door....I found it quite hilarious that we were able to walk right in without a reservation....showing up early with only women, does help.  Showing up early does have its benefits...hours on the stripper pole upstairs in the private room with your friends...I didn't realize those things actually spin around....strong cocktails followed by standing and waiting..... for the show to happen got a little old after the place started to fill up.   I drank my $ 27 cocktail and bottle of water and waited.  After the bigwigs and table full of models arrived, the show was ready to start. And interestingly scary, yet intriguing man-devil came out to  host the show with a rendition of "you shook me all night long", followed by tap dancing Zorro spinning balls....I know.... lesbian burlesque and a she male with a black dildo getting crazy in front of the crowd.   I was completely fascinated and intrigued.  I am sure the experience would be a 5 star if you had a table. It is definitely worth checking out at least once...can't wait to go back.
It's awesome, except my credit card was stolen and used here....while I was still there drinking. Curious how that happened!
what a ripoff !!! Tables begin with a 3 bottle minimum. The bottle prices start @ $550. Do the math !!!! Absolute madness!!!
Went here late on a Sat evening. This place was trying way too hard to be exclusive. Very small areas inside unless you have a table. The acts were good but I got a feeling many of the people here were a  bit one dimensional in that "daddy's money" kind of way and maybe that is what makes the hot girls who work there a bit cold (but professional). The bar staff were really good. Just a very overrated place.
Fun, fun place! We ended up coming here on Halloween weekend, and were able to skip the line due to the fact that we had some funky costumes on. very expensive drinks ( or we just don't remember how much we drank :) )
Naughty, expensive and spectacular.  I don't care if it's not "insider" or "celeb packed" anymore.  I mean, we live in the Naked City; shouldn't we not care about celeb stalking?  You can't swing a dead cat without hitting someone famous for something in this city.  (Hehehe, "swing a dead cat." My Texas is showing.) The show is a spectacular spectacle; a riotous riot; hilarious causing hysteria.  We dropped over $100 a piece and somehow didn't mind. Love the restored Cabaret venue.  Seating downtairs is comfy sofas and intimate tables but you are part of the action literally pulled into the show so be warned.  It's painless fun for the most part. You will be talking about it for days. The only advice would be to skip the dinner.  It's really not about the food.  And finally, the later the show, the more risque the performers.  So take new friends early and good friends late.
The staff is welcoming, the ambiance is fantabulous and the show was orgasmic.  I went there to see Buck Angel (the man with a vagina) perform and it was what I would call 'masculine burlesque'.  Mr. Angel was part of a team of performers that night, and the ones who stood out the most where Mr Angel as well as a Meatloaf impersonator called ' Roastbeef', who, although he was lip-synching, did an AMAZING job of performing, and if it weren't for the age difference (Roastbeef is considerably younger that the singer of Meatloaf)  I would have thought that he was the real deal!
I used to come here several years ago and recently went back on a Friday night. The place is an original for sure. There's no doubt about that. My description to people is usually burlesque meets s&m meets freak show... but it's usually done in a very tasteful and sexy way. The door is very discriminating but as long as you 1) are a hot chick 2) know people 3) have some money to blow ... you should be fine. Other than that you will probably give this place 1 star. That being said the Box is not someplace you would want to go to all the time. Even though the show is always changing it is not for everyone. Although I think it is not as good as it was back in the day it is still something you must see. I will say I miss the old MC with the devil horns for hair and I like Rosewood but she had more airtime than I would have liked. The double-headed twins and the contortionist were amazing... intrigued yet?
I went here a few months ago and had an awesome time.   Even though I left my glasses home and couldn't see the stage over the gazelle like models' heads, the gasps and guffaws from the audience was testimony to how awesome the burlesque show was. (I think there's a show at midnight and 2 - check that - and then the stage and bar turns into a dance club). The M.C. does it up Alan Cumming "Cabaret" style and the show had everything from fire eaters, gymnists, trannies sitting on vodka bottles, the works.  Pregame at home because the drinks are definitely expensive.   The atmosphere is awesome, with a 1920's French feel and boxes on the 2nd floor from which rich i-bankers can watch the show.   Also, you're not gonna get in unless you have a bevy of beautiful couture-clad women with you.  Ladies were free, guys were $30.  Since we weren't on a list and didn't have any connections, we had to wait like an hour to actually get in.  It was uber annoying to see limos pull up and have pretentious French speaking elitists go in ahead of us.  (Pretty worth it though). SEEN ON:  "Gossip Girl." While this is not confirmed, I believe that the bar Victrola, purchased by Chuck Bass in the teen drama "Gossip Girl," is actually based upon this burlesque establishment.
Let's just say I wouldn't recommend bringing dear cousin Dean from South Carolina here. Come with an open mind, and expect to leave amused and confused. Drinks are pricey and the spatial setup is weird and crowded, but that still does not deter from the amazingness that is The Box's burlesque/aerial dancing/UMM WHAT IS THAT show.
4 stars for decor. The interior of this place is amazing! It kinda reminds me of a really really creepy dark cabaret. I'm sure there have been some interesting performances here that pertain to cabaret. Now if only The Dresden Dolls preformed here... Would of fit the profile completely! We came here for a photo shoot, because, well, look at it! This place is total eye candy. Incredibly vintage, and very... just literally what I said. Like a dark cabaret, very cirque du soliel... I'm not sure how else to throw that in there. Its beautifully dimmed, the seating is very loungy and comfortable. Very old and antiqued looking. It makes me drool... My room needs to look like this place.
A year and a half ago this place amazed me. I hate that in the NY nightlife scene you push your way into 'exclusive nightclubs', just to be squeezed in like saradines with nothing to do but drink. Boring.. The box changed that all for me - an old vaudeville theater with a charming decor made you feel apart of something a bit deeper than the usual nightclub flash and glitz, and twice a night popcorn was handed around for the two shows of the evening. Originally the shows were entertaining and risque.. but eventually the clothes came off more quickly and it went from tantalizing to just plain nudity. Some of that soul was lost.. and I've had the opportunity to speak to many of the performers who were sometimes fired if they did not want to do their show naked. Unfortunately the box lost that panache, but when it had it, it was really something.
I had never heard of this place until I was called to be an extra in a video shoot, but apparently this place is a fairly popular underground bar/burlesque club where a lot of daring/scandalous avant-garde performances take place. It's got an awesome retro feel but also has no windows, which is harsh after being there a long period of time. I heard so many stories about this place that I'm kind of dying to check it out during its regular hours!
Maybe this is still fun for tourists, but The Box lost its luster for me a few years ago.  Returned recently to discover their current staff to be far less professional and skilled (in terms of pouring drinks and delivering the proper bill) than they used to be.   Crowd was bad too.  There was a group of tacky, drunken 50 year old women in one booth.  It was like a scene from the Real Housewives of New Jersey.
We went to The Box for my bachelorette party and could not have had a better time! We had what I would consider to be the best seats in the house, in the very middle of the room with a large table and a couple of couches and chairs - perfect seating for a crowd of 8. We got there a little early and were warned two or three times by our very cute and attentive waitress that the show was going to be "very offensive for most of [us]."  We sort of knew that going in, but I guess she recognizes a handful of preppy, Southern girls when she sees them and wanted us to be prepared. I have to say...the show was even more offensive than I could have ever imagined.  It was a little awkward watching some of the show with my future sisters in law right next to me, and I was ecstatic when they left before the last show when two girls put out cigarettes in some very creative ways.  But net-net, I loved the place. It's certainly not something I'd be up for every weekend (neither from an entertainment or price perspective - our bill ended up freshly over two grand - whoa!), but we had an absolute blast.
Hi All, If you are a normal person, you may not want to come here.  It is ODD! 1st of all, it is very exclusive and quite difficult to get in. I am surprised i got in...being a hippie type person- but i was witht he right people.   It is small with a southern/new orleans style of architecture (though I am no architect- but it reminds me of NOLA).  There are tables and a dance floor, and an upstairs to do whatever you want.  This is a very liberal place...so if you are easily offended by sex,drugs and language...don't go.   The bar is super expensive...i spent $30 for 1 drink...and $100 for 4 shots of decent alcohol.  I like top shelf  ....so get liquored up prior to coming.  And a table cost roughly $3000...so prepare to stand! Now the performances are mostly amazing burlesque style.  The performers the night i went were excellent.  Except one act i was very offended with, but at least i wasnt in the range to get hit by..what appeared to be a she-male peeing. I would display pictures of the place, but they dont allow cameras.  Even though i have some pics, out of respect for the establishment, i will not post and just keep these private. I enjoyed the clientèle too... a nice cross section of the underbelly and weirdness of the new york city.   I highly recommend going there if you can.  Even just once, you'll understand why this place is a must see place to be. However, I don't think i need to go again, unless I know I am getting in. - MSZ
One of my favorite spots in the city bar none.   The Box is an amazing venue incorporating early 1900's architecture and table service overlooking the stage if you so desire to live large.   The shows are a variety of music, burlesque, acrobatics and some things which will make you question why you're there, but worth the experience.  I promise. The drinks are priced at a premium but totally worth it due to the fact the mixologists are some of the best I've seen in the city.  Tell them what flavors you like and they will rock your world.  Don't sell yourself short and settle with a beer. You may see a few celebs here, but keep it classy:) Dress code is simply to dress to impress.  There is no such thing as overdressing.   Can't wait to go back!
Fun: You def will have a lots of fun if you are with good company. Shows: nothing special ( maybe I have been in the city for too long but the box seems to be more interesting for people who don't live here or they just moved here!) Also, if you don't care to be peed at then don't go !! one of the shows ends by a half man/half woman creature running towards the crowd while peeing on them .... Decor: Nice Crowd : ehhh Drinks: Expensive Door: I did not have any problem but am sure they could get  as rude as it can get ! Conclusion: I am happy I went but I am not sure if I will go back.
I recently went here for a company party, and it was awesome. I was a bit disappointed after reading all the reviews that we got only the PG version (obviously, it was a work party), but would LOVE to go back and see a full show.  The bit we got involved a little strip tease, a pretty impressive aerialist, tap dancing, a jumprope crew, and a two headed lady. One head was where it should be, and the other head was between her legs... something that doesn't quite make sense until you see it, and then still leaves you wondering what the heck is going on. It's Burlesque meets Moulin Rouge meets Side Show Circus. The venue is small, cozy and intimate with lots of places to pull away and have a private conversation. LOVED the little individual booths upstairs, and also love the aerialist above the bar when we were there. Can't wait to go back for the whole show!
Not my deal. Cool atmosphere and concept, but I'm not a fan of $36 (+ 20% auto-grat.) drinks from rude bartenders.
The Box is an intimate, lively late night spot with top notch entertainment and  a down-for-anything clientele. The vibe is cool, open and exciting. Especially fun is the varied music being played and the dancing, both on the stage and off, to it.
I had been at The Box many times and its a very exciting place, any time I go back I find something new and exciting.  The shows are very cool and unexpected, every time you go there you will see a totally different show than the last one.  The performers are very professional as well as the moves on stage. The people who go there all look like models, you will feel as if you were in another planet, in a good way. The place is expensive but if you have good contacts you can drink for free all night long!  Befriend the bartenders and bus boys ;) The settings are amazing, the old-fashion style in the theater gives the place a pretty cool vibe. Totally recommended, but please make sure you will get in otherwise if you wait in line you will spend your whole night outside.
Exclusive? Probably, but. . . Not entirely sure depending on the night. I have only gone as a guest of other friends who somehow knew the staff. Having said that, its a beautiful venue that seems straight out of Victorian/Turn of The Century NY. Small balcony boxes overlook a not-so-huge lower level, but the place is huge with vibe. Seemed to be a bunch of douche-bag bankers there the last time I went, but I was in a private box "minding" my own biznizz. . . Didn't see any celebrities and I think since its become more well known its less of an insider spot. Best Burlesque show I have seen in NY and its definitely provocative, to say the least. Shows are every hour or so which makes it a cool place to stop by, if not for the whole night. Attractive staff, expensive drinks, and a whole lot of sloppy, excessive partying. Worth the trip.
Had some serious fun there the other day. Love the whole theater feel..
What a freak show! This place is crazy! It's expensive, it's raunchy and they serve absinthe. Good for a birthday, but don't plan on meeting the man of your dreams here. It was loud and entertaining and there was practically porn on stage. Definitely something to experience.
honestly, I expected so much more. when after many stories by my friends i got there I was disappointed. First thing that you notice is the intense smell of bar, or a club. I am not sure if you know what do I mean by it, but its not pleasant for sure, Then the show was blahhhh, and it got  so packed by the middle of the night that you can hardly move. Anyway this is not a type of place i see myself in. Maybe it can work for others.
I have a love/hate relationship with The Box. My first visit there I was turned away twice till some hipster outside smoking a happy cigarette gave us an inside tip of how to get in AND it worked. We get in, the place is packed beyond belief, the show is about to start and they tell people to sit on the nasty floor. This chic lets us sit at her table which was super nice. The show was by far amazing! Magicians, acrobats (PG-explanation) and we knew instantly you will never experience this in any other club in the city. The DJ is amazing, playing songs that are about to hit Winter 2010 and the crowd a bit skeletal model, hipsters and hedge fund nerds but fun. We left an hour in and after 1 drink ($25.00 bucks). 2nd time Wednesday night. Arrived kind of early. A bit of haggling at the door but we got in, nice! This time the show was kosher but they gave us popcorn. I don't even like popcorn but damn even the popcorn at The Box is exclusive. 3 drinks and two shots in we leave, gotta work in the morning. 3rd time Saturday night. Get in with no issue at all. Laugh at losers getting turned away, hey I was in their place once - you can't give up that easily . This is where The Box loses a star - the show, I saw the same act at The Slipper Room earlier this year and if you know The Slipper Room its $5 bucks to get in, drinks are dirt cheap and the shows don't stop not like the once every hour The Box holds down.  But we get to see everything from the second floor balcony, private bar and it really doesn't get any better when you hear "Hey, welcome back let me get you a drink". Of course I'm going to keep going back, its the hottest club in the city right now but damn it lost originality and exclusivity points.
My friend had heard about this place for awhile so we decided to check it out after a late dinner at Freeman's. The burlesque cum circus theme was definitely fun and alittle different than any other spot I'd been to. The Russian nesting doll dancer (who was a tranny, of course) was the highlight, though the bondage act with fire was also fun. There was one act with 3 guys doing a musical-step sequence that seemed really out of place...it was like a scene straight out of Stomp the Yard. Kinda random, right? Overall the concept of the Box is great but the crowd that night was blah. Kind of on the older side (I'm talking dudes with beards) and wearing suits and ties. Again, random. Worth checking out at least once but I wouldn't really crave to go back.
A truly voyeuristic experience. Performances start around 1:30am and get pretty raunchy. They definitely strive to shock, disgust, provoke, entertain, and titillate simultaneously. The whole place oozes of exclusivity, so part of the thrill is just managing to get in. If you do get in, the best way to enjoy The Box is to talk yourself into a table (by joining people who are already seated) and some free drinks. Don't actually pay the ridiculous amounts they charge for that crap. Smoking of all sorts abounds out in the open, and some bathroom stalls have built-in cushioned benches for... your convenience. The crowd varied in age but all gave the same vibe - moneyed. Or maybe that's my assumption because a single drink costs upward of $20! Glad to have experienced one night of hedonism here, but for me, that happily fills my quota.
I came here about 4 months ago for the first time.... was I impressed? eckh...  (that means...now that I think about it.....notsmuch)  It was a pretty fun night, never the less but I could have spent a grand some place else and had an even better time with the same scene.  The bartenders are really cool and the shows are pretty entertaining!   I'd go back .... but not anytime soon.
OK here is the story....we waited until they opened and when we finally got there we were informed that the show did not start until 1:30 am and that meant 2 hrs for us to wait when we'd already been drinking all over the LES. The place is great w/the decor compliments the whole theme, we did not drink but we will be back.
Where do I begin with my review on The Box??? First of all: The Box  is a venue like no other. It is located in such an inconspicuous place,  that you would almost wonder if this is a club when you arrive. There is no name to be seen on the outside, but there is the velvet rope, and the doormen.. You walk in, past the supposed 'hard door', and find yourself in a different world.  The styling is downright amazingly done. You really feel like you're back in the mid 1920's. The floral wallpaper, the lighting, the cabaret girl swinging in a dreamy way in a hoop above the bar, and all the other artists performing their provocative acts: It all makes sense in a bizarre way. Think of the movie Cabaret, but then add a lot of crack to it, or something psychedelic, such as whatever those people were on in Requiem for a Dream, and you figured out how crazy the acts get here. I am from Amsterdam, and even I have been quite shocked by some of the things I saw going on here. Think of people having erotic acts where they end up drinking one anothers' urine. Or a wasted transvestite, performing an abortion with a coat hanger on top of a toilet on stage. You know? 'Stuff like that'. Watching the shows you see here is kind of similar to discovering the porn of your parents. It's disturbing, appalling, disgusting, but yet: You want to see this. I cannot find any other way to describe how I felt watching all of this. I waited till I had been to this place 3 times before I wrote this, because I felt like that would only be fair in terms of my judgment about it. They've really toned down how extreme the acts are. In a way that it almost became morally and ethically okay again. Last time, they 'only' stripped till they were naked at the end of the act. The weird thing that I realized is that now l kind of miss the sick things that people used to do here on stage. Crazy, I know.....   Another thing: Don't be surprised if you're washing your hands next to a transvestite in the restroom, and don't assume that every person that looks like they are part of an act, are actual performers. I found that out in an embarrassing way, by asking a transvestite if (s)he was going to perform and he stated 'no'. (S)he asked me if his dress looked okay on him. I replied, blushing: 'Yes, that polka dot dress looks lovely on you.' The crowd is an inner circle, in vogue kind of New York scene. Enough cool and good looking people to please you, including some models. Not too many tourists, and pretty much zero B&T. The music was really good every time I went. Think house/top 40/ hip hop mixture. Good stuff. Combine all of the above with a good atmosphere, et voila: Le Box. -Key to having fun at The Box: Having a table. That is the ideal situation so you can actually watch the acts without binoculars or standing on your toes, which is what happens if you stick to the bar area. This place gets packed. -Key to getting into The Box: Arrive on time. I suggest 11.30 or midnight. This way you don't have to get into an over packed joint, and you can easily settle down and warm up for the shows which start around 1 or 1.30  AM, enjoy the music, and even dance a little. Nice touch that they hand out complimentary popcorn. Bottom Line:  I am a fan of the Box. Yup. : )
The Box is truly a unique club. I wish it wasn't so insanely expensive - even by New York standards. A table for six will set you back $1,000 + bottle service, but the crowd, the ambience and the ridiculously crazy show almost make it worth every penny. Its a relatively small place - 2 floors with about 20-25 tables total and maybe an extra 100-150 people (mostly beautiful girls) running around. The place has an amazing vibe that's partially due to the show/mc and partially due to a crowd that's there to have an amazing time. Its unlike any other place I've been, but unforunately a bit too pricey to become a weekly event.
Not worth it. $5000 for a booth which was reserved in advance was fumbled at the door, ugh...unprofessional!  When our party of 9 (8 ladies/1 guy) arrived the bouncers announced our group and then left us standing out in the freezing cold for 10 minutes. They actually attempted to check our IDs twice. Really? Once we got inside (at midnight) the place was empty yet we were lead to a cafe table for two, again REALLY? Instead of explaining to our obviously clueless hostess that this wasn't rocket science, we just took the initiative and found someone in charge who then sat us in the booth. Once at the table we order a magnum which was brought to us by three over dressed (not sexy in the least bit) women who were the most unenthusiastic bunch you'd ever lay your eyes on. It was kinda funny so we took photos of them holding sparklers while having faces that clearly say we hate our jobs. Our waitress was overzealous and kept filling extra glasses with liquor for people who already had drinks. I myself was holding a glass of champagne in one hand and my bag in the other hand while the waitress insisted on giving me a shot of patron from our bottle. One of the ladies in our party actually poured the extra drinks back into the bottles when the waitress stepped away. The show was was mediocre. We were looking to be mind blown by the show, but instead we watch former ravers with tacky wardrobes desperately seeking an ovation. The bathroom was gross and I only went once which was in the beginning of the night before the crowd. The crowd was not sexy except at my table and I'm really not just saying that. The crowd blended together and seemed bland, tired and washed-out. No favor, no uniqueness, no hotness, low energy and very few if any people of color, outside of the bouncers. I wanted to show my guests that NYC knows how to have a good time but instead they had an unexceptional time. They actually have seen better shows at Nikki Beach - Miami. Pros: The host of the show/singer was amazing! The bathroom attendant was amazing! The DJ was also pretty darn good!
I still go.......i do some business with folks that work there.......i talk to "enlightened famous folk" about insane things, I drink and smoke cigarettes and hail a cab after the last show. It's still a riot! Even though I've been there since the inception. HB (head bump) to Mo and LB!
I will never forget this night as long as I live.  Obama won, my hair caught fire and I watched a guy with fake boobs do dirty things with a Jameson bottle. Only problem, when I told the guys that worked there that my hair had caught fire from a candle on the bar their reply was "yeah, happens all the time." Basically get out of my face.  Although the experience was pretty traumatic for me.   Must see shows, not for the prude at heart.
Went last night with a friend that had the hook-up. DO NOT attempt to go if you a) don't know an owner, b) don't have a table reservation. Place is NO RULES, people smoking cigs, weed, doing key bumps, all out in the open. It's a trip for sure, its obviously expensive but i highly recommend going and experiencing.
Extremely expensive. Be prepared to drop a lot of cash on drinks. Show was good and entertaining, but not as outrageous as I had expected. Do not sit in the front if you don't want to get wet/dirty/sprayed on during the acts. Turns into a dance party during the acts, but the space is not at all conducive to dancing - particularly in heels. You can dance on stairs and in narrow spaces in between tables, but it's nearly impossible not to be tripping everywhere, particularly if you've had a few drinks and are wearing heels. Do not wear your 6-inch heels to this one. That being said, can be a fun night  overall if you go with the right crowd and are prepared for the bill.
The bouncer and manager (a short? Homeless looking guy) are assholes. After waiting in like for about 20 minutes we were not allowed in. No explanation or anything. I was so embarrassed in front of my friend who was visiting from overseas.
i dont know when $20 drinks, i-bankers who stare vapidly at topless trapeze artists, 2 minute burlesque shows whose only end is to upset the audience, and real mean door staff got cool. and when did the stripper pole get classy? when did that happen? all i know is that women were assured equal rights in the 1970s but this place--which employs at least one gal to merely walk around in her underwear--didn't even read that memo.  way to be avant-garde.
Used to love this place when the owners were around. Now that they're all over the London scene, the place isn't what it used to be. The current doorman is a total asshole because he could care less being there, and the shows haven't changed since last year. Raven is gone to the UK club. Most nights it's pretty empty, and when you do make it in, expect to shell out $20 for your watered down drink. AND don't forget that THE TIP IS ADDED to you bill (most people don't know, and the bartender certainly won't tell 'em!) Meh. Time to close it down.
I joined Yelp just so I can write a review on The Box.  My girlfriends and I wanted to go to a strip club but landed on The Box instead.  I have heard many crazy things that go on in there but was unimpressed. First off, we called ahead of time and was told it was $500 per person to get a table - that's just insane.  So we decided to go without reservations.  We arrived at 11:30, which I thought would be reasonable considering the show is scheduled to start at 1am.  At the door, we we greeted by a security guy (not the doorman) and we were told to wait for the doorman.  The doorman was this little guy who just so happened to be sitting outside playing with his friends while we were waiting.  A couple came up behind us, without reservations.  The doorman then told us we can only get in if we had reservations or guests with reservations - they weren't even taking a cover from us but then let the couple behind us get in.  I'm sorry, but my girlfriends and I are cute - I have never been told that I can't come in and to let a couple in? That was just out of the ordinary.  We also noticed that everyone going in had a passport, meaning they were far from NYers and solely European tourists who are willing to drop thousands!  We ended up getting in with a guy who had a reservation and you can tell the doorman was annoyed!   On to drinks - bring cash!!! Each drink is $17 and if you pay credit card, they give themselves a 20% tip!! Are you kidding me?? $20 per drink?? I can buy 2 bottles of decent wine for that price!!! And the show - The place was very tiny, there was no room for you to move and if you're short, forget about it, you're not going to see any of it!  I was picturing burlesque that you would find in Vegas but was sorely mistaken.  The EmC was some lunatic druggie.  There were 4 acts, only of which 2 I can remember.  An old couple who did a magic show with their clothes, meaning they just changed them quickly - yawn and then some disgusting chick who got up there, got naked and pulled a freaking chicken or something of that nature out of her vagina and ate it! My friends and I, at that point, were beyond disgusted and got out of there without looking back. I have made a promise with myself that I will never go back!!
extremely disappointed in the box. I patiently waited with 3 of my girl friends to get in and by the time we got to the front of the line the bouncer and club promoter were jerks. They were very rude and unprofessional. I do not recommend this place to anyone over the age of 21. Extremely disappointed
Where to begin?? The best way to sum it up is if Tarantino directed a really effed up version on Moulin Rouge. I came here Saturday, 12/30 for a friend's birthday. I honestly had no idea what to expect. I thought it would be "clubby" (not really my scene) and pretentious. I was so wrong. This place was amazing and unlike anywhere I've ever been before. I believe it is difficult to get in, and the drinks are expensive. If you don't have a connection. I was very lucky to have a friend know someone that got us in without waiting on line (no one likes waiting outside in a mini skirt in 30 degree weather). The Box looks like something out of Boardwalk Empire when you walk in. The staff is decked out in vaudevillian garb and the decor is dark and very 1920's. We were taken to the private back room complete with stripper pole (we definitely had too much fun with that) and bottle service. Right outside our room here was a hoop dangling from the ceiling with a girl inside doing acrobatics (very cool). Within a few minutes the burlesque show began. We went to the front balcony to watch it. Be forewarned, it is RAUNCHY! I saw everything from a nude ballerina to nurses covered in "cocaine" to a Magic Mike wannabe tumbling around the stage with a chihuahua (every girls dream, right?) to a really disturbing transvestite covering herself in "excrement". This place is not for the faint of heart.   If you are given the opportunity to go here, definitely go. It was hands down the best night out I have had in a long time
Welcome to THE BOX, home of wee hour burlesque shows and drinks starting from $14 (shots from the well)....it's not just about glitz and glamour and T, A, & C (Tits, Ass, AND Cock). It's about getting in, period. A jet setter who now mainly dwells in New Zealand, a great friend of mine was visiting Manhattan for three nights only. After having seen a "fake burlesque" show the previous evening with "sad out-of-work Midtown failed actors" singing "awesome tunes" such as "the Duck Tales theme," she was hell bent on going to a "REAL, actual burlesque show." This is how she sounded talking (on a landline - picture that) to the management there before we went out: "Yeah, hi. Uh huh. Yeah. So how much for a table.....five-eighty....five dollars and eighty cents?! Oh. Oh, five-EIGHTY. Okay." She hung up, and I was already saying no way, Jose. She, however, wouldn't be deterred. "Whatever. It's a TUESday night; it'll be totally dead. They'll be begging us to go in. Let's just go and see if we can get in. I don't care; I just want to go and get rejected. It'll be funny." I pointed out that I was wearing flip flops because I'd thought we were just going to go out for a casual dinner and beers in a dive. "Oh, MAN! I can't believe that! What's wrong with you!!!" she hollered, but I could tell she was in a great mood, and all the more thrilled for the challenge of getting me into some high profile club with slippahs on. We had an average dinner somewhere and then met up with a couple other friends, one of whose boyfriend was dressed even more of a scrub than I was with his unambitious facial hair, worn khakis, faded logo tee, and dirty Sambas. I thought this would help my friend give up her hopes so we could just relax, but nooo... Around midnight, we tramped up to a black unmarked door between Rivington and Stanton. A few scenesters were lined up outside. The sexiest high-heeled female among us walked up quietly to the skinnier of the two bouncers. Our ringleader friend shoved me along because I was "the worst case scenario" for them to judge. Sexy girl whispered, "How is it tonight?" The goateed guard muttered, "How many?" "Just us and them," she rasped. The guy looked sideways. The ringleader, her friend, and the shabby boyfriend were hilariously illuminated in the streetlight. I chuckled, knowing we were done for. Amazingly though, the man said, "All right; I can take care of you." Two minutes later, my flip-floppy, mosquito-bitten legs swaggered right into a neon-lit den/theatre that I can only describe as a Victorian pleasure palace ravaged by cocaine and modernity. The lavish decorations were kind of delightful, but I couldn't believe people paid hundreds just to see it. Drinks started being bought for triple digits per round anyway, and we staked out a corner as the room filled with malicious gay men. Girls dressed like depraved 19th century sex workers paraded by once in a while with sparklers to announce the delivery of a bottle of Ketel One or comparable libation to special tables. These gifts were received with expressions of scornful boredom by high-stepping homosexuals, who made up about 98% of the clientele. A turbo-fueled remix of "When Doves Cry" pounded out of the speakers. One couple - inspired - began madly making out. The bathrooms were set up in that nouveau hipster vogue of unisex stalls with a huge washing station outside. One toilet kept closing because a decadent cushion above it. A boa'd worker sat on the counter, handing out paper towels for chump change. After a man passed out paper bags of hot, FREE popcorn off a sterling silver platter, the show began. And I have to admit, it was some of the craziest stuff I had ever seen. An aerial dancer hung from just her heels from a huge steel hoop. A magician did a headstand on a basketball that was perched atop three tiers of plywood held up by empty glass bottles. One person was dressed as a vagina (seriously; you couldn't even tell it was a human), and shook to a screaming orgasm by contorting against a gigantic glitter tongue. A transvestite did a melancholy/humorous striptease that prominently displayed breasts, and penis. Removing a huge plug slowly from the ass (to be clear: ass as in ANUS), "zhe" licked it while gazing coquettishly at the roaring audience. In all this, one very positive thing was that it didn't feel like a freak show. No matter how freaky things became, the performers looked happy and respected. Yes, it was some crazy shit, but it was over so fast before yet another intermission was called. When we found that the next installment would start around 3 a.m., we said bye bye to The Box and its plush velvet insides. Bottom line: PERFECT for anyone who wants to beg and roll over for admission to a club that bases its prestige upon arbitrary exclusion...then teases you all night with Hadean entertainment administered in twenty minute intervals.
Behold, The Box, in its latter years. Gone are the days when overpriced booths are free to celebrities and VIP's. Gone are the days when cool NYC indie hipsters walk in freely, while normal human beings stand waiting for hours, desperate to get in. Gone are the days when owner Simon H. can walk around town like he owns it (really?) Those days are gone. Now, when you go to The Box, it is a frat party with little boys and girls squeezing through from the different tunnels, paying ridiculous amounts of money, trying to relive a time they were heavily excluded from. Sorry folks, The Box is dead. It's cataloged with other things tacky that should have never existed in NYC.
Interesting place. I heard it was hard to get into, but I walked right in and up to VIP. Heath Ledger was there, so you definitely have the opportunity to run into celebs. I didn't like the music, but the show was interesting. I heard it was tame the night I was there, but that they can get PRETTY crazy.
SO pretentious and laughable. doorguys are JERKS. basically no redeeming qualities!
I like places where you are encouraged to make out in the stall of the men's bathroom.  And where you can where silver sequined shoes.    It's hard to say if there was more debauchery on the stage or off!
By the 5-star rating you can gather I had a good time.  So many burlesque shows I"ve seen have just been stripping, or just very unimaginative.  This was perfect.  The host was great, our waitress was super nice and the show was never boring.   Money well-spent and I would love to go back.  I must admit I played it safe and sat upstairs.  I couldn't have dealt with the fat, hairy guy in the g-string gyrating on me.  I prefer to observe and leave without feeling violated.  But thats just me.
This was a pretty cool night spot...great interior, an old vintage theather. The performance's weren't that great, at least not on this particular tuesday night. The service was good, very chill staff but the crowd was alittle to pretentious for my taste. One of the coolest things about this place was in the Men's room. There was an super-hip soul brother / bathroom attendent ! You'd think that with all the celb's. hanging there with the hipster's the place would be on fire, no, not really, all the action was really in the bathroom! Ha! "Cheers", to you Brother!
If I could give this place a 0 I would- not because of the ambience inside, but because the door man... young guy, dark buzzed hair-  was the rudest person I have ever met. Apparently if we didnt have reservations, there was no way we were passing the entrance. but we didnt find that out until we waited 20 mins and already had our IDs checked by the bouncer.  THEN, when we asked about bottle service, he just turned away and started talking to his friend from the bar that was smoking outside.  Will NOT be coming back ever.  Even the bouncers apologized for him. this guy should not have a job here.
Super overrated and ridiculously intense at the door!!! Honestly guys, it's not worth the hype!!! If you've been to Vegas or even Miami - this place does not compare I had 2 really bad experiences here and I will never try to get in here ever again!! First time was in June for my sister's Bachelorette Party. 8 super chill and well-dressed girls tried to get in at 11 pm only to have their bouncer Tony (super fat guy with a lot of ego) tell us "bottle service only". When one of the girls in our party asked to see the bottle service menu, Tony got angry and retorted "not tonight ladies....not tonight". UM I'm sorry??? So it's not "cool" to ask to see the bottle service menu?!? Are you that cool?? Whatever. Second attempt this past weekend! My sister, her friend and I waited in line for 40 minutes to have the same guy Tony look us up and down like fresh meat and then tell us that it is $50 for each person. I was so ready to walk bc they let people with jeans and a tshirt into this club but we were well-dressed and I guess looked like we had $$? I don't know...point is...they discriminate BIG time! I was sooo done but my sister and her friend basically convinced me to drop my ego and try the place out. Fine...$50 later...I find myself pushing and showing to see the stage which was super small and the acts were ridiculously overrated. There was a girl doing aerial and then took her top off....go to Vegas' Zumanity and you'll see sooo much more! Than another act was pretending to be a Puritan and then got undressed and ended up being a man...big deal! Drinks were super expensive! Everyone around us was yelling and pushing each other. Bouncers didn't have any control over the situation. The only positive was that #1 - music was actually decent and #2 - I can honestly check this off my list and say SO NOT WORTH IT!!!!! Suite yourself guys but I'm telling you...if you've been around the block with clubs...this doesn't stand a chance and the "hipster" movement and show is way overrated!
I'm still trying to gather and make sense of everything I saw last night. Great decor . . . unusual performances . . . I think it's kind of like scrunching up vegas and putting it into a box . . . I probably wouldn't pay the money but if you have a chance to go or lots of money to blow, you will remember the night even if you don't remember everything you see.
I made the mistake of going here without a reservation as part of my birthday celebration.  There is nowhere to sit unless you get a table and my shoes were killing me!  Drinks were outrageously expensive and the place was super crowded.  What little i could see of the show looked fantastic but i had to watch it in the reflection in the wall mirror because there were so many people in front of me.  The crowd was all young and sexy, a good mix of outfits and orientations.  I'm sure it'd be a great venue if you have cash to burn and reserved a table but I will never go back.
full disclosure: I've performed here before. Fun fun club full of celebrities, fashionistas and music people. I love the scene. Not so sure how exclusive it is these days compared to a year ago, but still worth a look.
Suggestion #1: Bring a flask and your best impression of an attitude problem.
Oh The Box - you did not disappoint! Heard many great, intriguing stories about this place and HAD to experience it. My husband and I did not have reservations, nor did we have a bottle service, we kinda just showed up around midnight. There were a bunch of people crowding around the door, trying to get in, everyone had a different "story" of why they should be let in. I just told the doorman that we just wanted to try this place out and he was very nice and courteous to us and let us in. I don't know what happened to other people. Once we were in, we checked in our coats, the girl was SO NICE - she told us that we will have THE BEST TIME - and she was ABSOLUTELY RIGHT! We made our way to the bar, got a couple of drinks - yes the drinks are pricey, but they were STRONG and a decent size. Interesting NYC crowd, but again, I did not find anyone pretentious or rude... The only thing i was slightly disappointed with was the Music and The Dj.... the music selection ranged from top 40s w/out any mixing skills.... sorry to say, it was terrible. Our friends showed up and one of them decided to get a bottle, we were sat right by the stage on the bench with a bottle of Belvedere. The hostess (one of the performers) Evelyn was just fabulous! she introduced herself to us and assured us that we will have the best time! The show started around 1: 30 am and my jaw just fell to the floor and I was not able to pick it up the entire night; As the night proceeded, the show got more out of control shocking. LOOOOOOOOVVVVED IT! Between the shows, we danced on the stage, mingled with people and had tons of fun. We stayed till 4:30am and loved every minute of it. Unforgettable experience at The Box!
Fun place! Always a good time!
Tacky tacky tacky. Where do the people who hang out here come from? The cast of Jersey shore? I've never experienced so many wanna be losers in one setting. One guy actually starting yelling at a 5 ft tall woman in the coat check line because she wouldn't let him cut. And the owners actually walked the asshole away while pacifying him!!! Note to the staff: learn to throw violent abusive men out on their asses. You don't need to coddle their fragile emotions. Oh- and the coat check lady? Fire her. She has the IQ of a peanut. She lost track of all the coats and couldn't find a single one at the end of the night. Result? An angry mob scene. And all this drama for a place that can't make a decent cocktail.....I should have stayed home in my sweats with a nice pizza.
I've had so many great nights here.  The best nights are the special events, such as their anniversary party, new year's eve, halloween, etc.  Yes, it is not as good as it used to be, but you can say that about most clubs.  I still find it fun though, and there are still great shows (as well as some pretty disgusting ones!).  The passion fruit/vodka shots are the best.  I also miss when they used to hand out popcorn during the shows (or the one time they handed out pieces of pumpkin pie haha.  I've met so many interesting people here, and it's the type of place where people talk to you even if they don't know you; people are not stuck to their groups of friends.  Yes, Genc, the doorguy, can be moody and difficult, but once you get past that, you're in for a fun night.
I can't even really remember what day I was here but it was a cool spot to check out.  It is a very small venue, but whoever you are going to see perform will be right there in your face.  I saw DJ Drama and DJ Wonder, keeping the crowd entertaining spinning some good tracks. Of course everyone has a good time when 2CHAINZ birthday song comes on and everyone starts dancing.  I would come here again, drink prices  were about normal as anywhere else. I agree the entry to the spot is very narrow too.
This place sucks - its expensive and full of the sorts of people most of us love to hate. For the price of drinks the seating area is tacky, tatty and too old fashioned.  I was expecting something traditional, yet clean with modern touches. The bathrooms were pokey & mixed gender. Overall, it was seedy. Finally, the stripper pole upstairs is a spinning one, so it's impossible to use properly! That could have been the Box's only saving grace...
Finally checked out The Box on a Wednesday night. I have to say that I was extremely disappointed with the show! I had heard so much about it...it just didn't live up to its hype! I still think the place is great- love the layout and decoration and there's always a show going on either onstage or off, but I wanted to see something unique and I got standard burlesque!
where straight people go to die. Overpriced bottles of vodka. Decent burlesque....terrible 'tude at the door. Best time I ever had there was when I got in a fight with the door woman who was wearing acid watched and I called her Jersey Trash. She was NOT amused and called my friend and I "loser homos" I liked that comeback. anyhow, ultimately this place is filled with corporate cheese. It's a money maker and it sucks.
Came here Tuesday night for my friends birthday, had no idea what to expect!!! The show was definitely a freak show, showing body parts only one could imagine. The scene itself if nice; champaign bottles popping left and right, and it was only Tuesday...you could imagine what goes on on the weekends -This places is great  only once and very expensive!
We watched the dinner show. Fun burlesque, but I guess the earlier shows aren't as risque as the later ones.  I'm glad we did get a chance to watch, but I could see how it'd lose it's charm going back.  Yah, I come from the land o' 1:30am last calls, but man... $17 for a well vodka drink?  It was strong for sure, but good thing I'm a cheap date, cuz I can see how easy it'd be to take a HELOC on a night out.
A club with awesome burlesque/freak shows during the night. What's not to love?!
Definitely a fun place to go. We went there for a girlfriend's bachelorette party, and let me tell you, the only way I can describe this place is as a wacky/scandalous/x-rated/sexy cirque de soileil/ burlesque/ freak show! Great place to go for a special celebration.
The Box is... well... alternative. Go with an open mind and without your coworkers. Something everyone should probably check out. You will have a great time and leave nonplussed.
The Box is the WORST venue in NYC!! DO NOT GO THERE. Not only is the staff extremely rude, sketchy, and offensive, but they will also STEAL your belongings. I had a coat stolen from coat check, and not only were they completely unhelpful, but they made it pretty obvious I would never get my parka back and that I could do nothing about it. This was pretty much the WORST experience I have ever had with NYC nightlife, and I would warn everyone to stay as far away from The Box as possible.
The Box used to be one of the craziest nights out. These days, its trying way too hard to be what it used to be. There is a point when any nightclub has to pull the plug before it starts embassing itself.
I now understand why they call it The Box after watching a woman pull a bottle (?) from her chocha. Watched the freak show, enjoyed my whiskey ginger, and had an overall good time. Come with a fun crowd and next month's rent money for drinks, and you'll be good to go.
It was super crowded and they didn't have our table ready. So we walked through and realized everyone was at oak anyway, so we left. I've heard so many good things about this place, it was a disappointment. I wouldn't go back, it's not near the other clubs so you have to take a cab to get some where else. blah, I don't have much more to say for the box.
The show I worked on had their wrap party at this notorious venue.  If I came here on any other night where I didn't know most of the people there, I think it could have easily been an over pretentious scene night club - simply not my scene.  However, I'm giving The Box 4 stars because I had a blast at our wrap party.  Guess the best word of advice is, if your company can rent out the box for a party, it's worth the fun environment and change of scenery compared to any other bar.
Not sure how I haven't reviewed this place yet, but after one of my more strange dates here I'm finally getting around to it.  I absolutely adore going here, it's always a fun, strange show that entertains even if the the people you're with don't.  I love when we have a table by the stage and I can move to the side to chit chat with the performers.   I love drinking champers straight out of the bottle.   I love when a group of guys from my hood take funny pictures with me in front of my date.  I love when my date asks me to invite my girls and takes care of them as well.  I even didn't mind that we had an upstairs table overlooking the stage.
very chic theatre-like interior. trannies. stripper pole. hipsters...... what's not to love? I adore the place because it's so random and different. Admission is a bit exclusive, but the crowd is interesting. Drinks are expensive- but hey, it's nyc.. whaddya expect?!  Music is fantastic (great place to dance!), and there's a burlesque or circus style show every half hour. Come with an open mind and ready for a fun time!!!
By far the most amazingly unique experiences ever in NYC!  So much more than a show, a complete experience, words cannot describe!
If I was spending one night in NY, this is where I would go.
Wow, What a crowd and what a show. Beautiful people and just a  fantastic experience.  Yes a bit pricey but I highly reccomend it.  After living in Europe, I felt very comfortable and loved the shock effect from some of the performances.  The MC is gorgeous and can really sing.  I will be back!!
i should have reviewed this after the first time i went - a late tuesday night awhile back that delivered on all expectations. performances were fierce, surprising and full of talent. the crowd was special, fun and not obnoxious. cut to a saturday in october 2009 and the box has lost all of its glitter. horrible crowd, lame performances, BAD music between shows (think jon bon jovi and a stage filled with people singing along with their hands in the air). i'm going to try and forget about experience #2 at the box.
Crazy place for sure. Bunch of naked weird people on stage. Models and hot people wasted on too many substances...The prices are normal for a place that is trying really hard to be weird. Not for you if you're sensitive, might be shocking for some, fun for others. If you are open for new, weird, edgy stuff check it out.
WOW. What an amazing experience. I went here for a friend's bday, who thankfully paid for the entire evening. This is not a place to come for the faint of heart or the shallow of pocket. That being said, this is by far one of the most fun places in NYC to blow a lot of money. We had the large table to the left of the stage and couldn't of asked for a better spot. If you are going to get a table, do your best to get one on the first floor. No reason to pay that much to be in the balcony. The burlesque acts were racey, but not too out of control. I was expecting/hoping for worse. Regardless, it was an amazing night and one that will go down in the books. Don't bring a budget or expect to get in without buying a really expensive table. Its just not worth the headache. And dress nice, you are going to be spending a lot, make it a special occasion.
Well where can i start with this place, i didnt get in as didnt many others , i was confused with another girl who they refused to let in, and i am hispanic as well   IF YOUR NOT WHITE YOUR NOT GETTING IN, IF YOUR A MINORITY YOU BETTER HAVE A TON OF CASH, OR U WONT BE LET IN . THE BOX DOES NOT LIKE MINORITYS UNLESS U HAVE THOUSANDS, wish u luck if you would like to try!! THE BAD THING IS THE BOUNCERS AND SECURITY ARE MINORITYS LOL TO FUNNY!! The music sounded good from the outside but thats all i can say!i would say that manhatten does have other amazing places to go where you dont have to be subjected to being nitpicked by the staff!
I don't care how awesome of a show you have to offer, it's no excuse for your staff in it's entirety to be rude and nasty.  If you don't want to work private events, then don't book them. Rude during the party, shoved (literally shoved) folks out the door at the end.. even though we had reserved tables to stay. Given the option to stay I had absolutely no interest ONLY due to the actions of the staff.
Loved it there! show is amazing and creepy at the same time, won't see anything like this anywhere else. Yes it's expensive so either you have to be open minded to pay big $$$ or have that open minded person with you. We knew promoter and were on a guest list as well as had table with unlimited alcohol, good times!
One day after... I'm still really pissed off... I went to the box almost two years ago for the first time and it was awesome and I paid around $300 for 2 people with food and wine. So I decided to go back again and made a reservation for a private table for two; and I got this email: "A table for 2 has a 1 bottle minimum and a show charge of 100 per person. Please let me know if you have any questions" Ok, that's fine... 1 bottle minimum, I can handle that... my surprise was that the 1 bottle minumum was $500 !!!!!!!!!! so I ended paying $700 and only had appetizers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was ripped off!!!! I don't know if they changed owners but guys DON'T GET A PRIVATE TABLE!!!!!
I really enjoy this place. My friends and I tend to end the night at this place just about every weekend. We make it there just in time for the last show of the night which is always the best one. The decor is amazing and once you enter The Box you feel as if you're in a different era. The music is always great, not the top 40 crap you hear at just about every other spot. We love getting up on the stage and dancing into the wee hours of the morning. The crowd tends to be prick-free for the most part and easy going. That's the kind of crowd that is drawn to The Box and which makes it the ideal spot to end the night on a bang. No pun intended.
What a crazy unique NYC experience. Went here on a whim with a group of friends and had an amazing time. It's burlesque meets night club meets seedy bar. We got bottel service and had a great vantage point to watch the transvestite burlesque variety show, and was close enough to jump up on stage and dance with fellow patrons in between acts. you get some very tasty grapefruit juice when you order bottle service, but like any NYC nightclub, you have to pay an arm and a leg to enjoy it. Like any club, the doorman is also an elitist, and will make you feel very undeserved to gain entry - patience is a virtue, and worth the wait - things don't start getting fun until 1AM anyways. From what I can recall, I boogied with a tranny and stumbled home around 7AM after my first night here. I'll be back - especially if the likes of Kanye West shows up again!
It is true that The Box reeks of the sort of decadence that one might imagine preceding the fall of an empire. emcee Raven O smooths the wrinkles of your harried, Patrician brow, and Velocity Chyaldd, doing something unmentionable with cutlery, distracts you from the barbarians at the gate. The Hammerstein Beauties shake their tail-feathers beguilingly and, like the crowd, the room, while arguably only a cleverly and expensively painted imitation of something genuine, is beautiful. Yes, like The Colosseum before it, The Box may well be a symptom of a society that has outgrown itself, but it is not the cause and, when you stand, old and weary, amongst the ruins of our civilization, wouldn't you rather be able to say, "I was there!"
DISCLAIMER: during the visit which is the subject of this review, I was asked if I wanted to audition to be part of the show... Nothing like flattery to change a girl's mind (and rating) of a place.... So I ended up going to the Box for a bachelorette party and had a f*cking _amazing_ time. It's an incredible show and the certainly know how to lick your twat when you throw down the money for bottle service. A super sexy bartender poured shots down our throats and the hostess / emcee invited our girl onstage for a little peek-a-boo. The show itself was salacious and dirty and fantastic - everything I could have hoped for and more. While I stand by my earlier review of money buying people entré anywhere, they have great acts (that they need to pay for) and the experience is well worth the money.
Love it and if you like the beautiful and obscene, you will too. .:muah:.
One the the most fun places I've been out to in the city thus far, true entertainment in every aspect. Can't wait to go back!
Imagine you are suddenly transported into the musical Cabaret. You are now at The Box. Half naked women twirl in hula hoops that are suspended from the ceiling, and a Sally Bowles type woman MCs a show that is both strange (cue the woman in a giant vagina costume) and impressive. The vibe is sexy and the drinks are strong. I took one star away because the bartenders were pretty rude, other than that, top notch bar.
What a unique and amazing experience.  The decor looks like an old glamorous playhouse that was locked away for the last 100 years.   We had a booth which was nice to have our own space while the show took place all around us.  Staff was nice and friendly.  It is pricey so be prepared to drop a little cash, but the experience is worth it.
Went to be entertained and that's exactly what I got, so I'm giving this place 5 stars. Sure, drinks are a little steep (I think, I didn't pay) but you expect that sort of thing when you go to a place like this. Plus they're STRONG- well I guess if you're like us and drinking them neat they're going to be, so the more appropriate word is LARGE. Had I of not clumsily dropped BOTH of my drinks on my table mates I might have actually have gotten a bit knackered. I promise, I really am just clumsy. :D I bought the tickets when we got there and had absolutely no problems. I bought standing room, but right before the show we were told we could sit in some available table seats. Very nice of them. The hostess was adorable, all of the servers were nice, the show was great, and best of all Eddy our bartender was awesome. If you read this Eddy, thanks for the tip about Gobo! YUM.
I went to a show here on my last trip to NYC. I had heard a bunch about it...that is was REALLY risque. That, my friends, it was not. It was really fun for something to do, but it was pricey and the drinks? $30.00 for a glass of random champagne. The atmosphere was great though. LOVED the private boxes upstairs.
Though it's lost some of its luster over the years, The Box still delivers a good time with unexpected highlights (the naughty yet exciting intermittent stage performances that will impress, delight, or disgust, depending on your disposition, every time) to an evening out.  I've only been during the week and have always enjoyed it here.  If you haven't gone, I suggest going at least once - it's definitely worth the unique burlesque-lounge experience you'll most surely have!
The Box is 2-3 years past its prime, but was it worth the trip even in its heyday? Nah.
Very good venue, amazing time and the crowd was great. I went on a Saturday night, got there at 1am and had to get kicked out at 4am that's how good it was. In all we got to see 3  shows about 20 minutes long.  And in between a dj spun some classics and top100 type music. The main act was... lets just say interesting.  It included bottles and a condoms.  Front row boxes beware! I have to say the MC was great she really kept it flowing in between performances.  Also there was an amazing Michael Jackson impersonator that really took his moves to the next level.   Naked chicks everywhere in between those sets. Be prepared to drop at least 700 on the cheapest bottle after taxes and auto tip.  Not to bad if you are with a big group. I have to say the crowd upstairs was just so much better.  And definitely wilder...
What an experience!
Don't expect your typical club night when you head out to the box. From the cinematic acts, to the chic crowd to the stiff drinks, this is a place where the rich and (sometimes) famous go to hang. The music is totally on point...you won't even realize it when 4am creeps up on you.
The Box is so much fun! Unlike any other place you will ever go to.. Gorgeous crowd, dancing, shows, etc..  Yes the bar area gets too crowded, but it's one of the hottest places in NYC..C'est la vie!  I love dancing between the sets..the vibe in the air.. When else do you get to party in a theatre??  I will say some of the shows get uber raunchy the later it gets, if you can't stomach it, don't watch!! The door is super tough, but worth the wait if you have to...Can't wait to go back!
I usually go to this place on Tuesdays when it is primarily gay. It is a good party scene. The drinks are a little pricey so I usually stick to beer. The show is fun but it always seems like a tourist version of what a crazy New York burlesque show would be like. Instead of actually trying to do something unique, they go for pure shock value. It's still a good show, just not as amazing as it clearly thinks it is. I've never had a hard time getting in. I think the door policy might be slightly more relaxed on Tuesdays because it's a gay crowd so if you just want to see the show try going then. Also, I would really only give this place about 3 1/2 stars but I gave it five to balance out for the many people downthread who gave it 1 star because they couldn't make it past the door guy. Please don't judge a place you haven't set foot in. Also, like the free coat check.
Amazing place. If your going to go though you def need to get bottle service. The staff is so great especially the bottle service waitresses. It is very expensive but money well spent.
Arrogant and Very rude staff. Will never go there again
Went for a birthday party to what we thought would be a show. In fact, the show consisted of 3 quick acts, a 45 minute break where a room full of shills tried to bait us into $1500 bottles of champagne, 3 quick acts, another long break, and 1 more quick act. Edgy indeed......
I couldn't really tell you much other than I was invited here by a friend to celebrate a birthday, put on the owners list and still not granted entrance.
Let me first say that if I was writing this review in 2007 when Genc was working the door, I would have given this place five stars. Not that there was anything great about him personally (in fact, I witnessed some disturbing behavior by him in the bathroom), but this place was just significantly cooler when he was there.  Perhaps it's the fate of all new clubs in New York, but it has taken a turn for the worst. Every time I was there between 2007 - 2009, there was a very strict guest list. Genc would rather keep the place empty than let a douche bag buy a table. There was no photography allowed, in fact, you would be reprimanded if anyone saw you trying to take a picture. As a result, it created a very awesome atmosphere and a very cool night club. Last time I was there, a fight broke out upstairs. I watched this horrible looking man dressed awkwardly in a tux with a New Jersey accent pay off the doorman for his entry after making a fool of himself out front only to realize after walking in that the entire place was people like him. I won't be back again unless it's the new one in London which I have not had the pleasure of experiencing. As far as New York, I love you, and I will think fondly of you, especially every time I hear "Blinded by the Light." xxx
Me and my friend thought we would go to check it out since it looked interesting, though a little pricey.  On the web site it says that general admission is 25 bucks.... but if you show up there without the pre-purchase it ends up being 40... Couldn't help but feel like the hostess was pocketing the money for herself which kind of put a damper on the show.  While the performers all were great at what they were doing, just didn't feel like it was worth the money.  I have a friend that does some of these acts and their shows are equally as good, 5-10 dollars depending on the place, and some are open bar.  If you haven't seen something like this before it worth checking out.  But if you are like me and on a tight budget, I would look elsewhere.  Expecting one price and getting charged almost double, and with and with an attitude on top of it... making it a choice between seeing the show are walking away like a poor beggar while they point and laugh isn't cool.  But I did check out the website again... and if you actually go to buy the ticket it says 35... We just didn't look there the first time.  But maybe they were to busy with their nose in the air to have an accurate and consistent website....
There is absolutely no place like... the box! Wow. I am still kind of speechless. I find it difficult to describe this place to friends let alone family. I had read reviews and heard stories beforehand but I guess I wasn't quite ready for what I witnessed. We arrived semi early and nothing out of the ordinary occurred. There was a thin, pale, worm-like looking girl walking around topless with the attitude of the lounge madame. We actually think she walked up to a guy in the group and trickled some pee on him. Odd. She walked throughout the place asking if everyone was ok. I really had no desire to converse with her. We were seated upstairs for the shows... umm, yea, I was highly amused and entertained. A variety of entertainers were broadcasting their "talents". Let's just leave it at that ; ) I also enjoyed experimenting on the hidden pole (it was my first time and I was drinking; excusable) behind a draped seating area. This place definitely made for good stories the next day and memorable pictures! NYC is the only place that could handle the box. Not the type of place I would frequent but definitely an experience.
This place was cool. Dance shows were good, not awesome. They should get the Cirque Du Soleil people and let those fuckers go rampant. That would be a grand show. I'm very good looking and so was the gal I was with- so naturally the doorman knew to let me right in. I mean I'm so good looking and so are my friends that door policy's don't mean shit to me. The people who worked here kinda thought they were to cool. Place will be empty in a few more months once the cool kids stop going and the upper west siders start coming. But that's NYC, hot 1 day, next day, no one wants to know ya!!! So all the people who turned you away will be looking for another job, some will end up at bed bath and beyond, finding me new sheets. Drinks were good but took a while for the bartender to see me, he must have been straight, cause im so good looking that gay gays and female bartenders love me. Sorry I keep mentioning how good looking I am, its just that it matter what you look like and how rich you are in NYC night life. Rich I'm not, but I still like col spaces.
I like to bring people new to NYC here purely for its shock factor and the inability to not look away from boobs and dongs.  It's part cabaret part burlesque part bondage part freak show and all completely entertaining.  The down-sides are numerous:  The door can be harder than the worst of models-n-bottles type meatpacking clubs (even with $2k table for a bday party we had to wait outside for 30 mins in the cold), the door guys and bartenders are unnecessarily snooty, the drinks are expensive at nearly $20 each (they won't tell you that gratuity is already included in the price, but you can notice it on a CC receipt).  But the shows are mesmerizing, the girls are beautiful, the acts change so you can expect something different each time, and if you're looking for a show, THIS is a show.   You'll definitely mutter an OMG-no-way-oh-no-(s)he-didn't! at least once. Every time I leave with envy for how sexy these girls look and leave vowing to ditch my career in medicine for topless acrobatics. If you can mind the rude door guys and ungrateful service staff, the show sells this place.
was actually a really cool experience. the only club ive been to in the city that i didn't think the scene was slightly retarded. met actual interesting, sociable people, not just foreigners who live where clubbing is actually fun and douches. fun decor. strong drinks. cool weird show. great host. ill visit again. ill copy andre in saying: Shocking, exciting, vulgar, raunchy, expensive, exclusive, and fun are a few words that pop into my head when I think of The Box! Make sure that you are on the list or have your confirmation email on your PDA because the door is tough.
Usually, when you make reservations, you expect that the place you make them will honor them. I made reservations at The Box several weeks prior since I wanted to take out my friends for a good time on my birthday. I (who made the reservations) came with my wife first since our party (3 other ppl) were a little late. My wife and I came on time at 11:20pm and were asked if we had reservations and I told the guy with the hat that we did. He looks at the list which was hanging on a nail by the door and told us "I do not see your reservations & asked if it could have been on a different name"... I told him that it should be under my name. I personally saw my name on that list since it was hanging close to the velvet ropes. In any case...he told us that we had to wait until our entire party would arrive so that he could see if he would "like my friends". He told me..."Im sorry for making you wait but you are not a regular customer and I need to see if your friends match our club". When our party arrived at around 12ish..he told me "I like you, but I don't like your friends". I was like..WTF? is this guy kidding me? I told him it's my bday and that I had made the reservations with Katherina. He told me..."ok..hold on..let me try to take care of you...but do me a favor and take care of me in return".. Being the nice guy that I am.. I thought ok...ill slip him some $ for being such a "nice" guy. He went to talk to the lady (Katherina) whom I made the reservations and 3 min later, he returns and tells me.."ok..u can come to katherina and she will take care of you"...I thought to myself..."ok great..finally we can come inside, sit down and have a good time (When I made the reservations 2 weeks prior, the agreement was $1000 showcharge + 2 bottle minimum). When I came to Katherina hoping she would sit us down...she told me "it will be $1500 + 2 bottles + you will be sitting UPSTAIRS!. At that point, I was really upset. First the lowlife guy with the hat at the door outside insults my guests by telling me "he doesn't like them" (and we were ALL dressed up according to The Box's "Dress Code" (Jackets, & Outrageous) and now this Katharina lady whom I made the reservations is telling me it's going to be $1500 which I would have agreed to if it was not for the "Upstairs seating" which is really bad because you don't get to be part of the show and the view is inferior. I was really fed-up and decided to leave and tell the guy at the door a few choice words. In conclusion.. I would like to say that I would not trust the box with your reservations if you are planning to go there. The show is filled with a lot of stuff you wouldn't see anywhere but watching a guy stick a Jack Daniels bottom up his rectum and then take it out & drink from it is not worth the aggravations of the staff outside and their "policies". If you want to be treated like dirt & insulted when you shell out $2,000++ for a night out then u can go to the box but I'm would not spend a dime at a place like that. This review does not do justice to the experience which we went through that night. As you can see from the other reviews..this is not something new.. the box is "known" for such antics.
Rude, pretentious jerks manning the velvet rope.  Randomly declare that we must buy bottle service to gain entrance.  No Thanks.
What a lame place. A waste of your time. Power trip bouncers that are not worth dealing with given what is on the other side of the rope. Steer clear. Life is too short.
The makers of The Box must have been fans of Pinocchio, as this place reminds me of Pleasure Island incarnate. Exclusive and small, when you enter you immediately feel enveloped in the place and separated from the world outside its doors. In the front of The Box, the infamous stage, which has exhibited shows of interest since its conception. As the night plays on, so does the debauchery - as shows become increasingly risque. Drinks are expensive and there is not much in terms of standing/sitting room unless you have bottle service. Additionally getting into the place can be quite challenging. However, once you are in its is certainly worth it...at least to see what everyone else is talking about.
yup..still in love with this place.. freaky ass shows..so beware if you are a little conservative ..
The Box has been open for a little over two years now, and is probably about a year and a half past its prime. For a while the venue was viewed as one of New York's premiere nightlife venues, however in recent months, due to the recession and just a general lack of interest in the space there have been whispers about The Box looking at foreclosure. While I certainly hope this isn't the case, I do feel that the image that The Box has so carefully worked to craft over the years might be the cause of its own demise. As an arena that prides itself on exclusivity and its ability to cater to clientele of a higher profile, it should be noted that after two years most New Yorker's in this set have already frequented The Box numerous times and at this point are looking to take their money elsewhere. In order to keep people interested, The Box has enlisted a series of new nights, most notably this Wednesday Beach Party which while effective in the short term, most likely won't keep the place afloat in the long run. Not everything about this place is awful though. In fact, there are actually a number of good things about The Box, most notably the decor and music selection which are unique, even to New York-and at one point I'd argue to say the show itself was worth the cost of entry alone, however due to budget restraints I've heard that the quality just isn't the same. Either way, today The Box seems to cater to a smaller crowd and while you can still find hordes of tourists and social types hanging by the door on Friday nights, its not the same vibe as it was a couple years ago.
