I'm a fan...but they NEED to acquire TMNT. You know...that side-scrolling beat-'em-up released by Konami as a coin-operated video game in 1989. The one based on the first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles animated series which began airing in the winter of 1987. You know the one. Three of us played the Simpsons instead. It's cool being able to play any game for a quarter. With a beer. Or cheap happy hour meal thingy. Place is gigantic...you could probably hold a tournament in here without anyone noticing. So if you think you wanna grab a beer sometime but aren't sure if you just wanna stay home and play video games, come here and do both. Or one or the other. Bring singles. People will think you're going to a strip club. But they won't realize you're doing something more fun than that. Game over. Continue? Yes       No
Old school arcade games,micro beers, and some awesome company - What else does this lady need on a Saturday night?! Barcade is super awesome! Came here for a graduation party for a friend and had so much fun! We ordered some beer (I forgot what he got but I got something that was light and yummy - I say this NOT being a huge beer drinker, and I liked it!) After that we got some quarters and played games for 2 and a half hours. Only 25 cents and bf and I had some bonding time drinking beer and playing games. They have a huge selection of micro beers as well as a huge selection of old school arcade games. Be sure to grab a table if you're coming in with a big party so you and your crew can have a place to sit in between gaming and drinking.
The concept here is a vintage arcade with craft beers, in a vaguely hip, classic/indie-rock atmosphere. This (newer) JC edition also features a kitchen, a step up from the beef jerky and pretzel menu of its Williamsburg counterpart. The games themselves are also a notch above, with (slightly) later titles like TMNT and Simpsons arcade originals. For nerds whose digital curiosity peaked sometime in the late 80's, this place is a boozy dose of 8-bit nostalgia.
I enjoy this spot from time to time, but in all honesty it isn't really my scene. It can get super crowded with sloppy drunk people which is always annoying. However, the food that I have tried has all been delicious! (Pulled pork sliders and meat/cheese plate stick out in my mind) Definitely unexpected for this type of establishment but a nice touch. Obviously, make sure you bring quarters! There are tons of old school video games which will bring you back to simpler times.
Some friends and I went to Barcade last night.  It was my first time there and the place had a good amount of people drinking, eating and playing old video games.  The video games were lined up against the back wall of the place.  They had old video games like Donkey Kong, Ms. Pacman, Centipede, and Frogger etc. I'm not sure about the service because I didn't order anything to eat or drink.  At this time, they have a good selection of winter beer displayed on a chalk board behind the bar along with their food menu. This was my first time at this bar. So, I chatted up my friend who comes here often.  He told me they have seasonal beers.  They also switch out their beer every two to three weeks for new ones.  The more popular beer would remain on the menu but the others will be changed.  I really appreciate that because it gives people choices.  Their food selection seems to be ok but for a bar, I was expecting to see chicken fingers, wings or even fries on the menu.   The thought of checking this place out again is on my list of things to do. From what I've seen so far, it's reasonable for a person to get their drink and eat on.
Barcade is a welcome addition to Downtown JC.. because lets face it, the area could use a little more nightlife.  Overall, its an okay bar - cool environment and good beers on tap.  Compared to the everyone-looks-the-same crowd seen at Brooklyn Barcade, the JC Barcade caters to an interesting mixed crowd of hip, suits and random older folk.  (I'm not judging.. I'm just telling it like it is).   Overall, its worth checking out, but unless you are a diehard arcade game fanatic, its not the greatest place to go for a night out on the town.
It has many beers on tap. So go for the beer or if you are into video games this is the place for you. They do have a full bar. We went on  a weekday so the place was pretty empty. The service was mixed. Some of the bartenders were efficient while some just didn't care.
It's pretty amazing how the Barcade crew managed to take a fancy bank branch and somehow turn the interior into something that looks just like the garage/warehouse space of the original Brooklyn videogame bar. Right down to the cracked cement floor. If you are wildly enthused about shelling out quarters to nostalgically play Galaga or Gauntlet, this is the place to go. But even if you really couldn't care less about 80's arcades, the beer list is rockin' and reasonably priced, the staff are friendly and the crowd is cool. There's food too - I didn't sample any, but it looked (and smelled) really good. Conveniently located (well, for JC), less than 5 minutes from the Grove St. PATH.
AMAZING BEER.  I had no idea what I was ordering (well a little bit, since they had a piece of paper that described each beer) but of the 4 I tried, they were all delicious.  They focus on local brews so you'll tend to find a lot of beers that come from NJ, NY, and PA.  Beers are $5-$7. The games are 25 cents and they have a good amount to choose from.  However, they are all vintage games, so if you are looking for games Mortal Kombat, Marvel vs Capcom, or Time Crisis, look elsewhere. There is a lot of room to walk around and they have lots of tables.   When I went there on the opening day, there were lots of moms and babies present.  Strange. Anyways, JC needs more places like this.  A lot of fun, and it's a good place to start (or end) the night (especially since they're open till 3!) ps don't leave your credit card here, there is a 20% surcharge added to cards left overnight!
Excellent beer selection obviously though a little pricier than I would hope...  That said, these are high-quality craft beers so $6 a pint isn't so bad, it just adds up a bit if you're doing some volume drinking.  Great place for groups, service is prompt, food is just eh.  The games are fun and only 25 cents a play.   Can be a little hectic and kitschy.  Crowd is varied and diverse which is usually nice but you do get some douches from time to time.  I'd like to give it a 3.5 but I'll give Barcade the benefit of the doubt and round it up...  Regardless, it's a worthy addition to Newark ave and downtown writ large.  Never been to the BK location so I have no idea how it stacks up.
The name of this place pretty much describes what it's all about.  It's a bar and an arcade.   But here's a few things that you might not know about the place from just it's name. First of all, the beer tastes like they haven't cleaned their tap lines in months.  This is something I know from running 5 bars in Manhattan.  And that's only after you've had to wait 20 minutes for them to pour a beer because their bartenders are the slowest I've ever seen.  The owners and bouncers are retarded. They kicked me out, because I was obviously drunk . "I was pirouetting all over the place" after 2 beers.  Seriously?   If you are in to hipsters and loser bar owners who are obviously sitting on a high horse, then this is the place for you!  Pirouette on in!
The games here are great. That have classics from every generation; from Atari/Nintendo up to more modern 64-bit 3D games. Great lesser known games like Burger Time and Mappy (aw yeah!!) and a bunch of others I wouldn't expect to see in old-school arcade form. Most games are all 25 cents a play just like when we all were young whippersnappers!! Fairly decent food here, although I would like to see more deals around lunch-dinner time. Great craft beer selection and inviting atmosphere. I've never been in here when it's too busy... so I can't speak about when it's packed but I definitely wouldn't want to be here when there's more than 30 people. Come with cash for the games.
If you're a nerd who lives in/near Jersey City, you probably know about Barcade.  If you don't, you should.  Old-school arcade games inside a bar.  I don't really know how else to explain it.  Pretty simple/self-explanatory. One suggestion:  More tables.  There's a lot of open space.  They could comfortable fit in a few more tables for people to gather/sit around.
Those games are really old, so old they're vintage which gives hipsters hard ons. So expect that type of crowd. Beer selection is great but haven't tried the food. Probably won't go back, unless they get some 90s games that work and don't eat quarters.
I live very nearby so the main only times I've gone have been during the week or LATE saturday night.. I've never seen this place truly packed like it's Brooklyn cousin which is a huge plus.  Also, not nearly as militantly hipster as Brooklyn. Here's why three stars: Food is good bordering on great but the kitchen is kinda slow. Beer slection is also great but bartender is usually pretty slow (one bartender vs. huge bar, I can't blame them too much, they just feel understaffed sometimes.) I'm not a huge videogame player but they DO have the 1983 Atari Starwars game which is basically the best $0.25 I've ever spent.  Ever.  For all time. Unisex bathrooms are awesome and efficient and always have some fun graffiti going on. It's a solid bar.  Not my most favorite, but a solid choice in the neighborhood.
Was there a few months ago, actually, and while everything everyone else has been saying is true, i have one demerit. DO NOT GET THE ULTIMATE PB & J. if it's off menu, good. it was wildly spicy and inedible. other than that, this place makes Jersey City livin' great.
Pros: -Bigger and cleaner than the brooklyn location. -The games are fun, if you're into that.  Mostly just reminiscent to me. -Pretty good (interesting, at least) beer selection, and they change what's on tap regularly. -The deviled eggs (made with avocado) are pretty much the best bar snack ever. Cons: -Mediocre service, the bartenders are kinda slow for the crowd they draw. -Security is absurdly rude to patrons, they seem to alienate the crowd they want to go for. -Draws out rich hipsters.  At least the ones in williamsburg aren't living off their wall street parents' checkbook at 25 years old.  Certainly not everyone at this bar is this, but I've seen a few and they are pathetic.
It's nice to find a bar like this in the midst of Jersey City's somewhat struggling historic downtown. On the plus side, the beer selection is terrific and the old-time video games along the walls are fun and nostalgic. On the downside, service is terrible--indifferent, grumpy and distracted.  And I wish it wasn't so damn loud. That may just be the old guy talking, but then again, I'm told Barcade used to have a line out the door and we found the place half empty when we were there recently, so perhaps they do have some room for improvement. I'll be back for the beers.
Great news!  You don't have to trek into Brooklyn to get ignored by bartenders anymore, you can now get the same disaffected service right here in JC! All kidding aside, while I'm tempted to write a bad review it's only because going out to bars with a crowd can sometimes remind me of how much I hate other people.  But at least here I can get drunk, play video games and ignore reality altogether.   The beer selection is decent enough, though they need to change the budget beer to anything other than Fisherman which I noticed is the budget beer at every bar they own.  Honestly the selection is better at Iron Monkey, and less expensive, too.  But the crowd at Iron Monkey is enough to make you lose faith in humanity.   Oh yeah, back to Barcade - Food tries too hard to be fancy and I wasn't kidding about the service, it's been really awful every occasion I've been here regardless of crowd.
Barcade is officially my new favorite bar! Awesome craft beer selection which is constantly rotated. You won't find any of that Budlime shit here.  Cool bartenders that will let you sample before buying. Great selection of classic video games including  Defender, Galaga and Asteroids.......all for only a quarter!  I know I'm showing my age but playing these games transported me back to high school.....as did the timeless 80s rock/metal music. The food is more small stuff to pick on which is perfect while you're swiggin' back these great craft beers......Nutella & bacon is pure genius!
Best idea ever!
This place is mostly about craft beer and old school video games. If you are not a fan of either you can still find something but you probably don't want to go out of your way. The tap list is rotating and interesting. There's always something for someone. The brewery events they host are well worth it in my experience; I still talk about the Stone and Founders event. Ms. Pacman, Mario Brothers, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Contra, Asteroids, Joust, Tetris and many more arcade games to choose from, all for one quarter to play. Nothing after 1990 that I can think of, though. Barcade serves food. From my experience it is pretty high quality but not a good value for money. If you are very hungry and you want to fix that for under $10 you will not be satisfied. Still, there are tasty morsels to be had. Maybe 6 or 7 tables in the place but a whole lot of standing room. I go here for the beer and am happy to recommend this place to others based only on that feature.
No Frills + Old School Arcade Games for 25 cents/play + Awesome Craft Beer + Laid back and happy crowd = Barcade.   I love this place for what it is.  Not a place to impress the ladies, but certainly a great place to grab a craft beer and revisit your childhood via arcade games.  Everyone is really friendly and laid back.  The other day I played Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and beat the game with help of two random people I just met at the bar.   It's unfortunate that some of the games are a little before my time or just not worth playing.  I caution anyone playing Contra, that game just takes your money.   For those of you looking for specialty cocktails, or want to order wine, you might want to try somewhere else.   My main criticism is that they could swap out some of the older/crappier games with better old school games like (1) Street Fighter; (2) Duck Hunt; (3) Mortal Kombat; (4) Ninja Gaiden...you get my drift.   All in all though, a solid fun place to be.
Don't expect prompt service, but the beer selection makes up for it.  You can't beat the location and their sandwiches, while a bit overpriced, are really good.
So, I recently overcame my fear of eating things that have a vibrant yellow hue and more specifically the yolk of an egg. It's true that eggs are in many things, but it was just the appearance of the vibrant yellow yolk that really messed with me. So, in a matter of months I began to consume as many yellow foods as I could. So up until the moment I encountered the deviled eggs at Barcade, I always thought deviled eggs were just okay. Foolish me because I was missing out on something special and now I crave those deviled eggs about once a week. In short, they're amazing. Aside from the deviled eggs, it's nice to enjoy a craft beer selection and play tetris or Ms. Pacman (I am not a "gamer"). I would give Barcade five stars, but I typically prefer smaller bars so the four star rating is based on a personal preference.
a place where the beer selection is refreshingly diverse. too bad i brought along my 2 friends that don't drink beer. FAIL! i played a little pacman and a lot of "where is that smell coming from" at this joint.
Barcade has really grown on me - at first, felt like an overrun hipster venue that was very loud, but now it's normalized to an extent.  Yes, the hipsters still come out, and yes it can get a bit loud in there, but the crowds have gotten better, the food offerings have gotten tastier, and the beer has gotten much much more awesome-r. Yes, awesomer.  Barcade has been running tap takeovers with great breweries like Allagash and Shmaltz, inviting the brewers and owners to talk to customers.  Rare to impossible to find beers are on draft at good prices.   The games have gotten a bit better with the addition of The Simpsons game - I really wish they had the original NBA Jam or some good pinball, if so this would be 5 stars no question.  Until then, 4 stars for Barcade Jersey City.
barcade ..barcade barcade how do I love thee.. Somehow how Brooklyn has come to Grove St. each time I come here I'm still amazed First time I was there I walk up to the bar. There is a waitress there she is wearing a "tutu" she keeps starring at me I stare back. She bats her eyelashes, she washes the beer mugs but doesn't look down at what she is doing she looks at me. What is going on in this place. it's like the workers at Urban . She has mole in the right place.... OK I get it Madonna ..I asked her about her "tutu" I tell her it's a timeless article of clothing hence why SJP wore it in beginning of theme of SATC (I don't know why I know that) think BARCODE ... I said so "are they going to get the Men game" she responds umm they only do 80s games here hmm I guess X-men was '92 Meanwhile this girl wasn't born till 1990. (repetitive game BTW) OK so beer that only thing I had their beer and games ..really who eats here "not saying there is anything wrong with that" so many beers umm...can I have something that taste like Guinness, sure no probe "insert really cool name of beer here" each time I go there I get it its good its good beer, GAMES this places is the best Never met any women here allot of dudes (except the bartender but to her I didn't exist) Sausage Fest but it works. Best bar in JC hands down!!!...shusssssh--hipster
Big fan of this place after one visit. Stopped by on a Wednesday night and had a great time. Not empty but not too packed.  Tons of great local craft beers, most for $6/pint.  Happy Hour until 8 is always a big plus in my book... even if the happy hour is the 'a dollar off' oh so popular in midtown.   A nice selection of games, more than I would have expected, several dozen to be sure.   Looking forward to going back to sample more great beers and classic games.
Great beers, great games, inviting atmosphere, and attentive tenders.  I will definitely be back.
A great addition to the neighborhood. Love the open space and the way the windows open.  It could probably use a few more tables. I was here early Sat, post 10k race ( nothing better than a cold beer to cap off a run). The place wasn't crowded which was great because it meant Galaga was all mine for as long as my forearm muscle could take it. Service was prompt and the menu looks great, can't wait to sample.
The games here are what attracted me in the first time around, but the beer selection and food is what keeps me coming, prices are solid, beers are always different, definitely a regular spot  of mine. It gets a little  crazy here on the weekends, personally i would choose this as my happy hour spot, rather than my saturday night spot
I was here last Saturday. It was a great place to cool down from the heat, big space, dark, and cold beers. I felt like I entered a time machine, the good 'ol days when games only cost a quarter and video graphics were pixelated. The crowd a little too "hipster" for my liking. Also,  I'm a picky eater so how about at least some chicken nuggets and fries for those of us who are less adventurous. They do have a wonderful beer collection. Get ready to try something new! I'm a fan of light beer so Sierra Nevada Summer Ale was right up my alley.
When you walk in you get the typical bar environment.  I don't think its bad, but if you are not a bar person and more of a lounge person it may not be for you. It has classic wooden tables and benches.  I didn't see anything that offered too much comfort. in that respect. But if you are a fan of beer you will love this place.  There was so many options to choose from.  On this night there was a list of winter beers that were be sold for a special deal.  I had one drink which I though was good, can't remember the exact name of the beer though.   If you are/were an arcade person then you will enjoy the classic arcade games lined up along the walls.  From Ms. Pacman and Burger Time to classic Sega and Nintendo games like Golden Axe and Donkey Kong.   Since this was guys night out, our group will have a good time where ever we go and I'm sure we will end up back there at some point.  But definitely check it out to see if its for you.
Barcade has fantastic selection of beer, and the bartenders know their beer well.  At times they may be extremely pretentious, and it can be a turnoff. They have brewer events often, the crowd is pretty laid back, you can play arcade games, or hang out at a table and chat/play games with your friends.   Be prepared for hipsters which think they know everything there is to know about a) video game, b)beer, c)both d) pick something random. Either way if you can get past the small quirks, its a great time!
First and most important: Yes, they have Tetris. If you're an nth level beer snob you may quibble with their selection, but if you're like me and used to drinking Corona or Guinness, you're sure to find something unique and enjoyable. It gets damn crowded on Saturdays, so do yourself a favor: go on Sunday afternoon, get a sandwich and a nice day drunk, and play Golden Axe until your thumbs hurt.
Great place to go with friends, fantastic beer selection, all late 1970's to early 1990's video games, all 25 cents, just like when we were kids. Food looked good as well, didn't get a chance to try it. No bottled beer, only tap.  Constantly changing, handpicked selection, appeals to the crowd very well. Music was good, mix of punk, rock, among others, nice wide open space, and a great neighboorhood. Friendly staff, ample security.
Downtown JC needed a spot like this. Divey and fun, without the grime and has a diverse beer menu. Spent $5 trying to re-live my youth. Played Galaga, Asteriods, Millepede and Pac-Man on $.25 machines. Spent $10 on lunch - pressed ham and emmenthaler (swiss cheese) w/rosemary mustard, Abita Pecan Harvest Ale and a bag of chips. $10 for the SO - pork shoulder sandwich with tomato/habanero jam, a beer and BBQ chips. Personally, I liked my sando more than his. His wasn't as hot as it needed to be when it came out of the kitchen. And we couldn't resist the deviled eggs (which were dyed pink - love it), but beware, it's a fancier egg than what you're used to (I liked it).
When comparing to the Barcade in Brooklyn: Plus: Food! And its quite good! Minuses: The beer sampler is crazy expensive! Also, parking is not a pleasant experience (not that the one in brooklyn is any better in that department)
Cute bar & arcade spot (hence the name BarCade) in JC - promises of a good time are definite, especially when you are with good company.   Selection is limited and it is very dark & gloomy inside.  I hate the arcade games that didn't let me win / had broken buttons / didn't make sense, but highly enjoyed Pacman, some Mario Bros, and a few other fighting games.  Good times & super-cheap to play too!  $5 kept us amused for quite a while before we replenished.
I remember checking out the Barcade in Brooklyn way back when I was still at NYU. (At this point, it's considered "back in the day.")  I loved the concept of a bar + arcade, but because I'm not cool enough, I never re-visited. Fast forward to this year and I'm happy to find out that there is another location in Jersey City! (It's probably been here forever but whatever, I know squat about Jersey City.) I only ended up here because a friend of mine was visiting and everyone just happened to all be in Jersey... So majority rules. I do believe that the ambiance and crowd are about the same as the Brooklyn one. 20-30 somethings, cooler than you, and laidback. I had a beer and enjoyed myself at one of the communal tables. Since I'm a Brooklyn girl, you won't find me frequenting this location often, but I give it my a-ok stamp of approval!
I really need to give this place another chance but I just cant bring myself to do it! the concept and name is SOOO COOL but the execution is poor. literally poor .. arcade games are crappy old, bench tables are rickety,  the venue smells like stale Pabst and old cigarettes. I went in here on a Friday night with my SO for a night of drinking and chillaxin. It was just such a distinct, cliquey, hipster crowd and we stood out like a sore thumb. if you don't rock tattoos, bowler hats, massive side burns, ray bans -- you wont fit in. not my scene to say the least. although i do love hipsters (awesome women's clothes and great taste in music) but this took hipster to a new level. also, some of the crowd seemed sort of trashy and uneducated when i tried to speak to a few locals. we had a beer and left  =/
Barcade is an awesome idea.  It's a fun place to go and they have a very impressive beer list.  My complaint is the games are a little before my time.  I really wish they had Street Fighter 2 or Wrestlefest.  It's a really fun place to start a night but kind of loses its luster after an hour or so.  But it is a solid addition to the neighborhood. If you go during a busy time, you will wait for beers.  We were there on a Friday night and there were two bartenders working.  They were super busy and it definitely took awhile to get beers.
Great bar - amazing beers and I think I played Tetris all night- I'll have to try some other games next time.  I shared a bunch of sandwiches with my friends and they were all super tasty - especially the pulled pork and Mac and Cheese. Yum!! I will be back for sure!!!!
This place is kinda lame but kinda awesome at the same time. Jersey City is pretty boring, but this place does provide entertainment and GREAT beers. find me here playing Tapper/Frogger/Donkey Kong.. WHATTTTUP
Video gamer bar . Best idea for a bar. I love the craft beers on tap and the classic game I play as a kid . Good stuff and very fun for a guys night out
I come here for the Allagash and Mappy. Great spot for video gamers who enjoy classic games in a modern world. The setup is quite simple, dim lighting, wooden drinking tables, nice selection of classic games. This place is great for beer lovers, the menu is very pleasing. I forgot how I found the place but happy I did, I go often for the Allagash since I can't find it anywhere else. Bar is always packed so have patience. I wish they had a mixture of modern and classic games but I guess that's asking for too much given its a pretty awesome place as is.
Extensive beer list...microbrews galore!   Full bar offered but Saturday night at midnight when we got there (yea that IS how I roll!) , they were out of essentials like um....rum.... Lots of space, tables and chairs. Cool thing is the video games that line the walls. They stay open till 2:30am. Bad thing is that friends we meet up were at Barcade at 10pm and there was a line out the door and around the corner to get in. A NYer described the crowd as....well..."Doesn't everyone in here look broken to you?" I had fun, 3 stars it is.
Its not Barcade in Brooklyn. Serves a different demographic that's more stockbroker and less artist and is much more... shiny? Yeah, we'll go with shiny. With that said, it's also a bar with a great beer selection, a good video game collection, good sandwiches and lots of room. On weekend nights, this place turns into a godawful packed nightmare much like the Beer Garden. The rest of the time, however, it's pretty damn awesome.
Great beer bar.  Selection is ever-changing and versatile.  Get ready for a serious helping of hipster.  This place can't really be blamed for their crowd but there it is.   The bartenders are cool and always up for discussing beer, tastings, etc.  The games are a cool touch, something for everyone and they are actually a quarter (and not a token that really costs a dollar or some nonsense) which makes it fun.   I've not eaten anything at this place so I can't speak to food.
I really do love this place, aside from the craft beers and retro arcade games just the dark dim atmosphere with the main lighting from the arcade machines lighting the place, made me feel like I was in a long lost arcade in the mall that don't exist any more. Very hipsterish venue however we can overlook that. It could be a slight chore to get a drink on the weekend, there is typically only 2 bartenders and the place gets packed after 9. My advice? Grab two while you have the chance, load your pockets up full of quarters and hit the closest game you could find. **Protip, the bathrooms are fcking gross but they are at least all separate and private so I guess that's a plus.
I can't imagine giving this place anything but 5 stars. They have a rotating beer list with all craft beers. Every time I stop in it's a new list. They got a lot of old arcade classics which is great. But I come for the beer.
It's a cool place.  They have Ninja Turtles, The Simpsons,  and Pacman.  But they're missing some newer classics like Street Fighter.  But I guess less retro games and violence doesn't mix with the ultra Hipster crowd.
Barcade is a more-than-positive addition to Newark Avenue. Always a new great beer to try and the bartenders have quickly become my beer connoiseurs ;) Also, Mappy, Ms Pacman, and Tapper are where its at!
Barcade is pretty decent place to spent a Friday and maybe a Saturday.  It has a diverse beer menu for everyone but the best part is that you can spend your time playing games for only a quarter. I spent a few bucks to play Pac-Man and Galaga which I still suck at playing.  If you want to grab a beer with friend, it is a must go to.
Barcade is a great spot to start your weekend off. You'll have no fear of getting too drunk because you'll spend half your time reading the beer list (which is impressively large and varied), half your time waiting to order and receive your beverage, and the last half playing old school video games. 3 halves? Well, you know what I mean. There are a ton of old 80's arcade machines that, while fun, remind you of why your parents never wanted to give you quarters when you were a kid.  As with the arcades of old, the lines are long for the games people like to play and are good at and short at the game you've never heard of but drop a quarter in because you had nothing better to do. It's pretty loud and seating was fairly limited. If you like to sit or be able to hear conversation you may not enjoy Barcade. We went because a friend lived nearby. He's moved so likely won't ever be back and am completely ok with that.  It was fun for the first hour we spent there, I was sort of done with the place and ready to move on after that.
LOVE THIS PLACE. Personally, I like extra things to do at a bar besides talk and drink and this place has awesome arcade games. They have Frogger so they pretty much won me over with that. They have a large drink selection and some interesting food items: peanut butter and bacon? Chill crowd. Tabbed as a "hipster bar" but I felt there was a good variety of people, someone for everyone if you ask me. So, I'd leave the labels at home, bring the quarters and come give this place a try.
I went here a couple weeks ago, (been to the one in Brooklyn many more times) So a couple of friends and myself decided to try this place out. While they had a good selection of beer, the way the bar is set up doesn't feel like the one out in the city.  Outside, the streets were littered with junkies from the 80's. I believe I saw a bum being pushed in a shopping cart at one point. Once the area is cleaned of its impurities and has a younger crowd move in I can see this Barcade being just as popular and crowd like it's Brooklyn counterpart.
Barcade has a great rotating selection of craft beer at very reasonable prices. Some varieties turn out to be big hits while others are misses, but that's part of the fun!   Big tables and an open floor-plan make Barcade a great gathering place for large groups. It also has the added bonus of  classic arcade games lining the walls.  I find it hard to say "no" to a 25 cent game of head-to-head Tetris!
I am updating my review from the first time I was here because for the few past times I have ventured into Barcade, my feelings towards the establishment has changed a lot. For one, the service I was getting the past few times was a lot better than the first time. I was receiving my orders, and the bartenders were more helpful, attentive and friendly. I must point out that the beer selection here is actually quite good. If you are into craft beers, then you will definitely like the Barcade. They serve the lesser known beers, and I am in fact a fan of indulging in these types of experimental beers more than the typical domestic drafts. If they have it on the menu, give Sixpoint Sweet Action a try (it's so good might I add). There is still something about the layout of this establishment that could use a little work. Also, at first I wasn't a fan of the whole atmosphere of this place, but I assume they want to keep it more on a dive bar level versus being a flashy sort of arcade bar. I suppose my expectations are high in terms of the arcade feel factor mainly because I used to go to arcades a lot back when I was a kid. However, they do have a good selection of games to play and playing them will bring back your childhood memories. They have games like Contra, Tetris, Double Dragon, Defender, Rampage, Karate Champ, etc. If you do not bother to play any of these games, it might not really add to the experience of being here, and it might leave you feeling disappointed about the whole place. Trust me, get a few quarters, play a few rounds of Tetris or Karate Champ against a friend, and you'll have a different feeling when at the Barcade. Arcades are becoming more and more obsolete as we speak, so I do appreciate Barcade for trying to bring back the arcade experience that many of us miss. The fact they combine a bar with that is a big plus. On a weekend or a Friday night, this place can get super packed. There is a lot of standing room so expect to enter a bar that may feel a bit overcrowded with groups of people when it's busy. I do agree that the crowd is very mixed (a bit hipster mostly) but nothing about the crowd really bothers me. Come here with your friends and expect a great time especially when you actually take a moment to play those arcade games. I think it really adds to the whole experience of being at the Barcade in spite of the few drawbacks.
The drink selection is good and they change out the taps constantly during the night which is kind of cool. The bar tenders stink. They overcharged my card for a drink I guess he wanted a huge tip. And on the one night that I went with my girl they took her cash and gave her the wrong change by a lot. Unfortunately she didn't realize until later and it was a cash transaction so she didn't think she could argue with them. So it seems a little bit like they are skimming which is the worst. Love the idea. It's kind of funny how competitive one gets when playing kind of impossible 8 bit games and drinking. Some of the games are in bad shape, for example Spy Hunter's steering alignment is off causing the player to crash constantly and it's been this way since the opening over a month ago. There are tables which are all a little too close to the games making it difficult to get to the game you want to play.
While the games at the JC Barcade aren't quite as cool as the ones at the Brooklyn location, I find the JC venue nicer overall. They offer food - and it's really quite tasty - and there is a lot of space. I've never been in here when it was packed to the walls, and when it is busy, you can still breathe. Service is equally as good when the place is hoppin' as it is on a slow Sunday afternoon (Easter, in fact - our holidays are spent in classic ways, clearly).   This place is always a fun spot to go to and really livens up downtown Jersey City.
Cool place with a lot of old school video games... Def a little disappointed when I didn't see games like Cruisin USA, Area 51 or Street Fighter but we all had a blast kicking some butt in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles... Bunch of cool craft beers on tap, all around the place is good.
while I'm a fan of the Barcade in Williamsburg, enough that I'm willing to parachute into the midst of filthy hipsters and blow more money on Rampage in one night there than your average gypsy or beggar will ever see in their entire life...the Jersey City Barcade is only "okay". for one, while the Brooklyn one is more along the lines of "a place with arcade games that happens to have a bar", this one is more "a bar with a lot of arcade games". the games are mostly the same ones as in Brooklyn. there's a driving sim from probably around 1992, and there's Atari Star Wars, which is cool. you've got the standard Galaxian, Centipede, Q-bert, Gauntlet (which sucks more quarters than a broken parking meter)...and then you've got some forgetful knockoffs and lesser-known games that are lesser-known for a reason. the beers and prices here are still good. kudos to also offering food (a few sandwiches). I will also credit over 9000 points to the bartender with the long hair who told some guy "just fucking pick one" when this dumbass said "I'll have a beer". lucky I didn't bust out my NES Zapper and pwn this n00b. much like Zeppelin Hall (also in JC), this isn't a bad place, but I have better options closer by that I'd rather hit up.
First time at Barcade - even though I knew of its existence since it opened up. Vibe and ambience is hella cool. As I'm drafting this review, "How Soon Is Now" by The Smiths is radiating throughout this joint.  Dope.  More importantly, their beer selection is nice and diverse, as well as the old school, classic video arcade games. I figured I build up my stout and IPA experience before coming here. Settled for a Green Flash Double Stout, and it was superb. 10% ABV with happy hour ending at 8PM!?!?  I may be hailing a beer taxi tonight..
This place has a great atmosphere. I came Herr with my boyfriend for the first time a couple of weeks ago and we both loved it. Since we are both into the craft beer scene we were impressed and happy with the knowledge the bartenders had with beer recommendations (I've been to many bars where the bartenders didn't know much about the beers). I just wish there were more of a selection. It was a fun time.  I gave it 4 stars because the bartender that night was knowledgeable, but not very friendly and I clearly wanted another beer, but she ignored me and helped other customers.
Make sure to remember to bring your i.d. to Barcade.  The doorman asked to see my i.d. and I am an old fart.  I had no problem with it.  The gentleman was just doing his job.  I really like their old school video games.  But it is hard to play when you can't hear the game over the music and other noise.  I wish they had a couple pinball machines.  Their selection of beers was excellent, but I really do not dig having to pay six bucks for a draft beer.  Barcade has all the charm of a frat house or basement bar.  It is a little dirty and super dark.  Their bathrooms were nothing to write home about.  You have to go to the bar to order drinks or food.  I am not sure if they offer table service or not.
What can I say? I've practically lived here since they opened. Beers vary constantly and go from $6-8. The percentages also vary. Stop in on any gjven day and you'll find at least one beer at 9.5% or higher. Just don't ask for Bud or Corona. This is a craft beer bar with minimal hard liquor optons and no crappy beer options. The food is great, maybe slightly overpriced but you can console yourself by playing tetris or centipede or the simpsons for a freaking quarter. Did I mention that the bartenders are all, every single one of them, I poop you not, awesome? Incredibly friendly and helpful. And there's always at least one event a month that highlights a brew company. I've practically lived here since they've opened because there's no need to go elsewhere if you're downtown. Sure there are some other great bars in the neighborhood but we always wind up back at barcade. I can get drunk til 3 with friends or I can come in for a couple after work or on a Sunday afternoon  and read quietly at the bar. Sure it gets beardy in there sometimes but downtown is beardy in general. Its a small price to pay for imperial coffee stouts ($7), Tapper(.25¢), and grilled cheese sandwiches with pulled pork ($7).
Tons of beers on tap, not crazy expensive like some craft beer spots, and obviously good classic arcade games.  Only 1 tv, and not quite the space I was expecting; it was much more open.  I was picturing an arcade that serves beer, this is definitely a craft beer bar that has video games.  I thought they had their own beef jerky to compliment the brews, but it was pre packaged.  Otherwise it would be 4 stars.
The beer selection is awesome, food menu sounds tasty (e.g. nutella bacon), but I would say 1/4th of the games have a problem and at least two were shut off entirely. The selection also have been a little better. What--no Street Fighter, Simpsons or NBA Jam? Overall, this is a great place to get your geek on.
Love the ever changing beer selection, prices aren't bad for the beers you get ($5-$6). All the videogames are $0.25 to play. Lots of seating, however it can get really packed on Fridays and Saturdays. I go here at least once a week. Bartenders are usually pretty good, however on the busy nights I feel like they are understaffed and it can take a while to get a drink. They also have food, i've only had the nachos, they were pretty good from what I remember. They do seem to have some other interesting things on the menu. The music can be REALLY loud sometimes, makes it hard to have a conversation, but you should be playing some old school games anyway and not talking to anyone...right? I do love this place and will continue to go here.
Beer selection is great. They sell NJ Beer Co which is my fav. Food selection needs improvement.
Great beer selection and the old arcade games were a great addition to the overall ambiance and were a lot of fun. The prices weren't too bad at all considering the quality selection and quick service. I had a lot of fun sampling the beer menu and shelling out a few quarters, I would definitely return if I was in the area.
Great beer selection - Still some issues with service, but if you go during the day that doesn't seem to be an issue.
This place is just really, really weird ... but in a good way. I can't seem to figure out if the owners are insane, or hip. Since this is turning into a franchise, I'm guessing it's the latter. When I first walked into this place, it was early since I wanted to be sure I got at the beer for a tap takeover. It looked like a dive, with sparse seating, black paint, and ancient videogames lining the walls. If I didn't know what the place was about before I got there, I probably would have turned right around and walked out. But, I did know what I was there for, and it was the beer. These guys must know about the skeletons in the closets of everyone at every major beer distributor in the area, because they bring in a hall of fame selection of kegs on a constant basis. The servers were all interesting, both visually and conversationally, which always makes for a better bar experience. I found pretty much everyone who was bellied up to be very friendly as well - comrades in beer, if you will. My biggest knock is that the food is bordering on hipster-ironic, and if I plan on being somewhere for a while to down 9% ABV beers, I'd like to help stay conscious with the aid of something more substantial to snack on. To me, the dining part feels more half-assed than cool, so I'd rather just scrub the kitchen and make it ok to bring in your own from one of the many local eateries. At the end of the day, though, if you live closer to this place than I do and can just conveniently stop in for a pint or two, it would be an epic local hangout.
Bartender is a tool. Told us to go fuck ourselves! How nice. Beer selection is ok. Most people are not even playing the games. It is a dive bar. Manager was nice, but the bartender should have been fired on the spot. I doubt I will ever return.
Super hipster bar, and getting drinks can be a bit of a chore on the weekends. Shocked they only have two bartenders on a Saturday night. But once you get past that, the place is awesome. Went there for my birthday with group of friends on a Saturday night and we all had a great time. No greater feeling than beating The Simpsons AND TMNT in the same night. Could use some other retro games. Looking forward to visiting the Philly location next.
If you like Barcade in Williamsburg then you'll like Barcade in JC. A few advantages that the JC one has over BK brother is it's less cramped, has more bathrooms, and has WWF Superstars. Sometimes you just want to control Macho Man and crack Ultimate Warrior with a chair while drinking a beer. R.I.P. Randy Savage. Barcade is for those that like craft beers or miss the old, dank arcades from the 80's sans the pedophiles.
What's not to like? Classic video games and high test craft beer. It's a winner to me.
5 stars because this is authentic!  A grown Chuckie Cheese!  All the old school games all for .25!  great beer list, I was trying to recapture my high school from my teen years on millipede, ms packman and joust.  This is definately a place I would return to!  A GREAT ICEBREAKER or even networking spot.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Love the massive beer selection here! Came out here with friends on an early Friday night (7:30, 8ish), and managed to get our beers pretty quickly. Enjoyed a couple rounds of Rampage and Tetris. The bathrooms were totally gross, though -- the only downer of the visit.
Best place in Jersey City to hang out for a couple hours if you're into craft beer (and really great sandwiches).  All of their food is amazing, but the grilled cheese & pork is so yummy!  With the food and the beer being this great, it's so easy to forget that you're surrounded by arcade games.  But they're worth a visit, too.
Great place to have some great beer and play arcade games!
This bar has a 5 star concept but a 1 star crowd. the idea of video games in a bar with a great beer selection sounds like the perfect place for me but it is ruined by the atmosphere. right away i lost the girls i was with. this place is not girl friendly, the intimidating crowd of deadbeat loosers who congregate around the entrance forced them to move on before even going inside. i said i would catch up later and persevered on in out of a throbbing desire to play TMNT. inside i found more deadbeats and a nice looking beer menu. i attempted to get a beer but failed as the grumpy staff chose to ignore me while texting on their phones and chit chatting with the regulars. the music in the bar was terrible and i think mostly to blame for the bad crowd. music like (this music is so bad i know you hate it and therefore i like it) bad. i played a few games which was fun, but if i am going to be by myself i can play games at home, and at least i can get a beer at home. i met up with friends elsewhere to salvage the night from what was otherwise a disappointment. the sad thing is this place has so much potential to be fun. all it would take is a change of music, a light bulb, and bartenders who can get drinks with an occasional smile.
As one of the few places on the planet offering Tapper and Joust, it's a must visit. I hope they repair Asteroids, but in the interim you can enjoy Arkanoid, Defender and Millipede. The drinks are strong and cheap (can't speak to the beers, but there were many of them if you're into such things.) It's interesting to see the occasionally negative commentary about the crowds, because I thought it was just right - there were elements of hipsterdom but it wasn't oppressive like in Brooklyn. And this is one of the few bars with no trace of Jersey City syndrome (which requires establishments to choose between gruff old-timeyness or aspirational snobbery...as in another undisclosed Newark Ave. joint I've avoided for eight years.
This is the place everyone has been waiting for in Jersey City. Giant industrial size space.Ever-rotating tap array with emphasis on East Coast microbrew's. Interesting views to old architecture from their large store front window's. Vintage video games. A bite to eat on site with a great choice of smaller, value priced restaurants if you choose to walk off the drunk. I took a trip down just to check it out and it turned into an" A" list destination for me. The space is key here, It is vast and the neighborhood is safe, interesting and multicultural.
Need some new games, stop being cheap..
I enjoyed the visit to barcade. I am old enough to remember some of the video games, and enjoyed playing them with a a couple of beers. The beer selection is big, and I don't know many of these microbrews, so I was guessing and the beer I had was soso. The kitchen is literally a little hole in the wall, so I wouldn''t come here to eat.  Crowd is younger, but kind of a mix or rock/cool kids that are easy to hang with.
Solid beer and video game selection- the Simpsons game is a classic. Fairly empty during the week and super crowded on the weekends.
Amazing beer selection, diverse crowd, and great atmosphere.  Definitely stop in here if you are in the Hoboken/JC area.  I love it here.  My only complaint would be the game selection.  I wish they had more modern games mixed in with the retro stuff.
This place is all about the video games. They chose only the classics from the 80's. Fun place to hand out and its a nice addition to the neighborhood considering that there's very little else to do nearby. Despite the earlier comment from another yelp post, there are only a few busted joysticks, not half. And they did have someone walking around during the day fixing them. It was jam packed Saturday night when we went in and they limited the head-count due to fire codes.
Great beer!  Would come back to try more
Great bar. Good selection of nostalgic arcade games. Large beer selection (domestic, imports, and a large variety of crafts). Many crafts in the $5-8 range. Good food, with some fun selections (mac and cheese pulled pork sandwich was nice). Ended up spending more quarters than I thought (bit rusty), but good fun to have with friends on multiplayer games.
I've been here a few times now, all at different times/days.   Friday night: TOTALLY packed and not enough bartenders behind the bar so you'll have to wait at least 15 minutes to order a drink.  I've also been when the change machine wasn't working which kinda puts a damper on a fun evening of video game playing. Saturday mid-afternoon: Not a lot of people.  Service is solid. Sunday night: Still a bit packed, but good service. Best video games are the sit down ones - Star Wars and OutRun!!
Great beers that change weekly.  Awesome old skool arcade games I grew up with.  Bar staff very friendly.  Amazing deviled eggs!!
The Setup was decent here. It was very open like the brooklyn location but for some reason here it felt a little off. The staff was cool and helpful. The beers were good, but I was anticipating a bit of a better selection, still is probably the best selection in JC so it's not that big of an issue. I'll go back for sure.
Great Beer Selection and a great price, Good food but still working on it's kinks. Some of the arcades like taking your quarters just like the old days. Word
A shame.  Great idea, great beers and whiskeys.  Not bad on the bar bites, I like that they are different.  Bar staff is something else.  I have never had a bartender get in my face over anything.  Until here.  They don't have a great habbit of telling that YOU have to go and get your food.  Poor communication and then to point your finger at me!  Unfortunately, this was the second incident.  I wanted to like this place, but service is a biggie for me and you will not see me back.....
Chilln here on Friday night with two of my boys.  We had a good time as this spot is kind of a novelty.  So many hipsters that I felt naked without a fidora.  The games are cool; I like the barcade idea.  I will be back for a second go at it on a different night.
Good drinks, good music, vintage arcade games and I've heard rumors that you can get laid here, but I'm not the one to know firsthand. I also heard the food is good.
Best beer selection west of Manhattan.  Great bartenders, a (mostly) retro selection of arcade games and solid sandwhiches.  This should be the first stop for any beer lover or 80s child.  Cheers!
Solid spot to come to, especially on an off night. Place is certainly big enough that you'll probably get a seat most nights, you won't have to wait long to get a bartender's attention, and you can have a conversation without having to yell over the music. Killer beer selection; having paper beer menus available is great and the bartenders are helpful if you need a hand picking something out, and will even give you a taste of something if you ask nicely.
Barcade is a huge open space with a bar and old-school arcade games and it smells accordingly.  Definitely a guy's kinda place.  We didn't spend a long time here because it was kinda dead on a Saturday night.  I guess it's more of a weeknight happy hour spot.  On the plus side, I haven't seen Asteroid since my childhood dentist's office!
I headed over to Barcade once the Yelp event at Mana Contemporary event ended, so I admit I wasn't 100% sober upon arrival.  Luckily, we were able to grab some stools at the bar and quickly made friends with the Irish bartender who recommended some delicious Founder's Breakfast Ale to keep us hydrated. :) The beer selection on tap is a bit overwhelming, but that's a good thing because I love having choices.  I also really liked the overall chill vibe of this place, and I couldn't help but notice that the retro games really were only 25 cents.  They even have Q-bert!  Seriously, when's the last time you saw Q-bert anywhere? It's kind of funny that I haven't made it to the Brooklyn location yet, but if I ever have the opportunity, I will definitely give it a try (and head back to the Jersey City locale too.)  Good times are to be had here!
I've been here a couple of times and I have always had an amazing time. This place is so chill and relaxing. The area itself is great, so its always filled with all sorts of characters willing and waiting to have a great time. The bartenders are always in the mood to chat and will share a joke or two. If your looking for a place to go to in the beginning of the week to relax and have a couple of beers, this is the place to go too. The games are great too!!
This is another Jersey City place I'd have never found if i hadn't been going out with some locals. You can't go wrong with anyplace that serves craft beer and has a ton of retro video games for $.25 each just like when you were a kid. I swear I was better at Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles when I was 12 but ah well. They have some games I've never even seen like Road Runner or a Pong knock off called "Challenge" which was fun and served as a lesson that I can't dominate games made before I was even born. Also, who ever knew Punch Out was an arcade game? I used to rock that game on the Nintendo but couldn't even beat Glass Joe on this machine. The food is also better than you'd think here, with real cheese on the nachos rather than the can o' mystery cheese. This place is a lot of fun and they need to expand into DC and open some locations here.
The only reason I'm giving this three stars is because, pretty much half of the games either ate my quarter or were out of commission. If the games worked, I would have given it four. Great place to hang with friends. Lots of beer on tap. Hendricks is always an important contribution to any establishment. I will go back and challenge everyone to Tetris.
Where have I been with all these gems in #JC !? I have wasted too much time in Hoboken. I had a blast my first time at Barcade with my best friend, who enjoys beer and arcade games as much as I do. This is a really cool spot to come with a bigger group but with 2 worked out just fine. I completely understand this type of spot would bore some of my friends so it's not everyone's cup of ....beer. We ended up here after the fair and my friend was craving some pumpkin beer, which Barcade provided. The bartenders were a bit slow in finally coming to us but finally the guy who helped us out was nice. We didn't even bother chatting it up, the way normal chicks do, we grabbed our singles and went straight to the change machine. We got enough quarters to circulate around the entire place. I was searching for Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat but sadly they didn't have that. Barcade should consider putting this up...maybe start a little old school tournament #Yelp style. I didn't try the food but this will not be my last time at Barcade so I'll update when I order some. The bathrooms are unisex, and the reason I mention the bathroom is because of the graffiti going on. I had to take a few pics before walking out but go check for yourself. Quick tip, ladies (and for those clean men), I would make sure to bring hand sanitizer if you do plan on coming here.
I never played video games as a kid, so I had a lot of fun playing games from 80s. Games are only a quarter!
Great place to go if you're bored and want something different to do. Great selection of beer and games. The bartenders are always nice and excellent! Definitely somewhere to go with a group. My favorite games to play here are rampage, mappy, and gauntlet. Gamers will really appreciate this place, but it definitely has more of a hipster vibe than a gamer vibe.
I was here around 7ish on a Friday night. It was already really packed. There so many people that I couldn't get a seat.  There were no free games either. You had to wait.  The bartenders were so busy that it took a while to get drinks. The variety of beers were awesome. I saw a list of beers that I've never even heard of. The games were only a quarter.  By 10ish they stopped letting people in because it was overcrowded.
Came here for my birthday this past January. Definitely try to get here early if you want a table. Good prices on drinks. Cool arcade games. Wasn't a fan of the food but I didn't go for that. Cool place to try if you want something different. Slightly hipster crowd
Pros: Craft Beers Old School Video Games Cons: No decor A bit dirty Bottom Line = A-OK for a drink
A great place to play old school arcade games, and meet nerdy guys if you're a girl. I wish they had more fighting games like streetfighter or racing games. The beers are good, prices pretty decent. Its a great alternative to just going to a bar.
Excellent dive bar. Great beer selections and very good food (not a large selection but what they have is fresh and homemade).  Bartenders aren't very friendly at first but efficient, know their beer, and become friendly after a few visits.
If you are NOT a craft beer kind of person then prepare to play the game of Beer Russian Roulette as you try to figure out why someone would name a beer that and how does it taste! In the you'll end up being drunk whilst playing your favorite classic arcade game and I believe that is the ultimate goal of this place, which is nice. The bar food is very different from any other bar food I've had. It's ok.
We came here this afternoon and got MUCH better service, from a female bartender (bartender from our last visit didn't appear to be there). We stayed for a while and got quick service for each round. Maybe it's just that one bartender who was the problem. As far as the video games, one friend wanted to play Tetris but someone else was hogging it for a while and then somehow broke it. My husband complained that the Tapper joystick wasn't working, but he and our friends played some other games and enjoyed them. I played (and stunk at) Donkey Kong and Super Mario Brothers and those worked fine ... I had to wait a while to get the Ms. Pac-Man game and then had some weird dude breathing down my neck and twitching for the whole quarter, and then he played for about an hour. And to the person who asked why people complaining online instead of talking to a manager ... #1, the friend who came with us the first time and got no service TRIED to get ahold of a manager but couldn't; and #2, that's the entire *POINT* of Yelp.
Okay, how can any establishment go wrong with old school arcade games and a bar?  I have to admit i never tried any of their food items since i always came here after dinner and or drinks.  It's always a great place to end the night!  The only complaint i have is that it can get super packed during the weekend evenings (which isn't a bad thing per say) but when you try to play a game you either have to wait in line for it or it's a tight squeeze with everyone else around you. Getting a drink can also be a task but you'll get the hang of it after awhile.  Always get myself a bag of beer nuts with my drink (best combination!).  And recently they added a new arcade game - Bobble Bubble which was my all time favorite game as a child.  Beat the whole game with my brother one evening using tons of quarters!
Lots of craft beers, but a little expensive.  The games are fun for a while.  Lots of space if you have a group.
I really like this place especially for the fact that its so different. The place is full of old school arcade games that you can play for 25 cents each. They have a change machine that makes it easy to convert your dollar dollar bills. They have pac man, super Mario brothers, frogger, tapper, and a bunch of others. They also have a wide variety of beer on tap. This place has a cool concept that makes it different than the rest of the bars in town. Go Barcade! Beers vary from about $7-9
Fun place, and great for dates. I loved playing all of the old school arcade games with my boyfriend. The bartender was very nice and recommended the perfect beer for me. The only pain in the butt was parking, but finding somewhere far away and walking is fine because its a nice area of town.
I feel so lucky that Barcade Jersey City is my neighborhood go-to craft beer bar.  I have been here countless times for their excellent selection of craft beer.  I have to say that Barcade has the best value by far and will even sell half pours (perfect for when there are several beers in one night that you just have to try).  I always look forward to their anniversary parties for the special beers and brewery swag.   I have tried some of the sandwiches on their menu but have not been impressed.  I do, however, love getting their specials so look for those on the blackboard walls by the bar - the kitchen really shines on them. I do love the retro arcade games, even if I suck at them.  Then again, playing one while sipping on a craft beer or two, I don't think I'm so terrible.
This is a very interesting place in Jersey City. What can I say besides them having craft beers and old school arcade games. Didn't get a chance to try any of the food but the beer selection was not bad.
Great place! My boyfriend and I just moved in a couple of days ago and we're spending our first weekend in JC. Our friend told us about Barcade, and we were both super excited. We love arcade games, and you're telling me we can have alcohol while playing? YES PLEASE. We got there by 10:30 pm and it was packed. It was mostly a sausage fest (expected) but there were other couples there. I would recommend coming earlier if you want to try different games because some of them had a line of people waiting to play. Overall, great experience and will be back more often. Drinks are cheap $6 each and games are only $.25 each (other barcades are $.50-$1).
I've never been to the one in Williamsburg so there's no basis for comparison here.  However, I wasn't impressed.   I mean, the concept is great... but otherwise it's just another crowded bar with long lines to get in.
This is a great bar if you love arcade games and craft beer. The service is great and the atmosphere is fun. The food is just ok nothing special but I never really come here for the food. It's a lot of fun if you are looking for something to do other than just sit around at any bar and drink.
The arcade games nostalgia is great. I did not get to try the beer because I was still full from my dinner. Maybe I was lucky it was not crowded because I went in the early evening. Not a bad thing, but expect to see a lot of yuppies and hipsters.
*disclaimer*  I didn't eat or drink.  Just played games. They have a large selection of old school games.  This place is ideal for large groups and for post-work catch-up sessions, etc.  The bouncer was nice and the place was large and very clean. Don't half step.  Don't worry about bringing quarters, as they have a change machine on the bar top.
Great selection of beer and all the old arcade games to bring you back. Fun time with quarters and a friend.
I think my error was coming here on a Friday night. I felt like I was back in college. Everyone was very young and this place is way too loud, I know I sound really old right now but this place its cool if you are 25 and under. I give this place another shot during the week. I was a little hungry so I ordered the pizza what a mistake. I think it was frozen pizza and totally not worth it.
Good selection of micro brews and decent amount of old school arcade games to keep you occupied. The prices were pretty reasonable and the bartenders were knowledgeable about the beers selection. A decent little spot to stop in and grab a beer with some friends.
Fun place, interesting variety of beers as well as some fun video games. Friendly bartenders, laid back vibe.  Sometimes the bros get a little loud when they're playing the "NBA Jam" game, but overall a relaxing experience! Go there and get it on like Donkey Kong!
FOR THE RECORD: I spoke to a few friends who said they it was just bad service because it's been bad from day one. So it's not just bad service for African-American's. It gets spread across the board. I spoke with the owner. The conversation went ok. While I steered the conversation into a racism discussion, he steered more towards he had a busy night. No owner is going to address that their bartender is a racist on the phone - and it's semi-understandable because of lawsuits and such BUT all he did was apologize. As a business owner, I expected more than just "I'm sorry for the bad service." Finally, I did suggest to him that he should ease up on the age limit between the hours of opening to 6pm. A lot of Downtown Jersey City families in the area would come to Barcade if they could bring their kids. LITM, Beer Garden, Skinner's Loft all allow kids.
Very popular spot that has a nice array of craft beers on tap and some classic video game systems. The place is a little dark and dirty looking but its a cool spot thats worth checking out. The beer is reasonably priced and you're sure to find something you've neevr drank before. And who doesn't love arcade games? they have all the classics: Galaga, The Simpsons, Mortal Kombat, Pac man.. you name it.
Pros: beer selection is good, fun night with old arcade games. Cons:  too crowded/no seating/hard to get a beer due to the crowded-ness and only one bartender, hipster overload who were actually lining up to play certain games continuously (seriously, have a beer play two games of punchout and move on, don't be all serious hipster video game player and hog the game for an hour while you debate it's contribution to society all douchey-like.   It was fun for 2 beers but afterwards, i was sick of just standing around since there was no where to sit while being bumped by the hipsters fighting to get to certain games that I'm pretty sure they were too young to ever play when they actually were in places like the groundround as children (like me and my 30-something friends who went there). Will have to try again. Maybe I just went there on a very hipstery crowded night.   But I had a decent time and it was cute to replay games of my past.
Had no idea what a "hipster bar" was...now I do.  Kids playing games that were in arcades the same decade they were born.  And they are a bit jerkish.  2 stars for the beer and amount of space to drink it away from their customers.
Great BEER on tap, 80s video games, food, and good music yeah I'm down with that..went Friday nite with the boys and had a blast..love those Six Point pints..the crowd was a good mix liked the music which is rare for me. Had the roast beef pressed sand and quesadilla both were good bar food...next time got to try the jerky! But i was here for a reason play as many classic games as i could and it does bring u back and to top it off took out Mr Sandman yeah thats right..won the belt in Punchout. The game selection was great most games worked but how about some pinball and I'm still looking for Zookeeper. But that beer selection, games, music and close location will def being me back.
Barcade has a very unique and smart concept that makes you wonder, why didn't anyone think of it sooner? The old school gamers get to bring out their inner gamer while having a pint of your favorite brew to dull the pain when you don't make it to the next level.   This place definitely has a very hipster vibe. On occasion you may see someone who didn't get the memo on the laid back dress code but who's really complaining? Hopefully you aren't here on an extremely busy night as with any "arcade" it may take a while to play your favorite game. Oh and for those of you who don't know, put your quarter on the game and that means "I got next."
it's jersey city! how could anyone not give this place five stars? what else is there to do in jersey city?! it's much quieter than the brooklyn version, but with all the same great beery menu and some really awesome games.
A good place to kill some time and get a beer.  I'm not really into videogames, so Tapper, Galaga and Simpsons are more than enough for me. My bf seems satisfied with this place though, so that should be a better vouch for it. Everyday $10 deal for any sandwich + a beer? Yes, please. Pretty wide beer selection. The kind of place you go when you don't really have any other plans.
Cool place. Awesome selection of beer! Arcade games bring back childhood memories, I only wish Mario bros was working when I visited but maybe next time.
The they have all the good funky craft beer you want. Might not have much food on the menu but it is good as hell compared to other places. And of course, they have about 30 OLD SCHOOL arcade games from the 80s, 90s here. Plus their bathrooms are interesting... in a good way lol.
Went to Winter Beer Night at Barcade the other night. Great time, they had 2 new beers on tap from the New Jersey Beer Company that were one of the best beers Ive ever had.  Also new old school videos games, Simpsons and Double Dragon!! Didnt try the food, but looked real good, Nutella and Bacon!
The biggest variety of domestic and imported beer in jersey city. Plus they have an old school arcade. (TMNT) must I say more?!!!! Super chill crowd. Wouldn't bring my girl here, but definitely a cool place to hang with the fellas. The snacks are good (deviled eggs are awesome) and the music is a mix between screamo and punk rock.
Excellent selection of craft beer, suspiciously delicious food, nostalgia-tastic games, great tunes, and mostly a neat crowd. Great place to bring a group of friends and have fun together... I wouldn't recommend coming here to meet people.
Cider on tap? Old video games? I'm sold. Couldn't get near Ms. Pacman, another time I guess. Forgot how badly I suck at some of these old games.
Good drinks, good atmosphere.  Needs a DDR machine.
Pretty cool place, huge establishment close to the Path train. They also have machines to change bills into quarters... Beware.. Some arcade machines will eat your quarters and will not start the game.. Also, because it is a bar, you can expect some of these to not function well as people are not as caring with machines when they are a bit tipsy... With that said, hello Galaga!! Hello pacman!!! Not sure if the had street fighter but c'mon they have rampage and contra!! Come with your bro's girls come with your guys.. This is just the type of place that will bring a smile to your face... Or it's the dark, weird type of place that kills what an arcade was all about for you... In that case, Dave and Busters of Chucky cheeses is your place.. I do give it a 3 stars because more than  often my quarters got eaten and the games themselves were not in optimal conditions.. Also a good number of their machines are usually out of order... Oh well... Still a cool spot for beer lovers... Also something I'm not big on...
Yes, it gets crowded on weekends, most bars do. And maybe they need another bartender when it is the most busy. But definitely give it a shot on weekdays too! Weekdays are far less crowded, and open til 2. And do those who have to wait super long for a beer act friendly and tip well? Tips are what they live on, and if a bartender has someone snide, or friendly, who are they gonna serve first? I've gone there quite a lot on weekdays, and they're always quick and gracious to everyone I've seen. Not to mention when you say, "The bartender", why not describe him or her? Why not complain to the manager? Complaining on a website won't get you anywhere but bitching points. Barcade has an excellent rotating selection of beers, and a daily beer list describes each, so u don't have to order blind. (They even list the tap list for  day on the web site!) The delicious menu has unusual things, but they are amazing. Nutella and Bacon on whole wheat toast, Smoked trout, incredible deviled eggs....pork shoulder sammich...Break out of the box& try new items. Heck, with the beer menu in hand, you can even pair it with a food!!! People, this bar JUST opened up. Yes, there are gonna be issues with staff, service and games, but if you don't tell management, and all you do is complain here, nothing will get done! :)   And before I hear the whole "Oh, you like it too much! You must work there!" line. No, I don't. I just love the place. And I avoid it on the super busy days. and I tell management when I have issues, and they get taken care of, cause I am not a online complainer. Try it one night, if you have an issue, tell management, try it again...then you have a right to bitch.
I love this place. I got pulled pork sandwich with mac n cheese,beer, and pretzel nuggets for 10 bucks.  It was a lunch special so I'm all for a good deal. Sandwhich was phenomenal.  O yeh im forgetting about the best thing,  this place has video games . Old school arcade games at that. And they play awrsome new wave punk type music.  I love this place and I hope it never goes away.
so much fun.  love that it's dark and kinda dingy in there (that's the idea, right? maybe I'm wrong- either way.) bartenders usually will happily procure samples for dummies like me to try... beer always seems fresh and they offer such a variety! haven't had food yet, but am looking forward to it as it seems like elevated munchies, no? Let me also state- i am by no means a hipster, actually i think some tool from brooklyn told me i'm a dink or maybe a reformed yuppie?  i have a super professional grown-up lame job; i wear plaid only occasionally, and only wear my thick framed glasses to bed (are any of these characteristics of a hipster? i don't know, i don't judge) but i still like barcade- a bar is a bar is a bar.  themed or not.
Barcade is pretty sweet! Great spot to go with a group of friends, or on a date. Let me help you out on the name: its a bar, and also an arcade... hence BARCADE. Mind blown! They have: - A huge variety of old school video games, complete with a change machine if you forgot quarters - Great cocktails and a large amount of beers on tap and bottled - food, which I have never tried but I hear is good The vibe in here is really cool and relaxed. There are tables scattered about where you can sit and eat/drink, but I prefer to roam around and drink while video gaming.
The old school arcade games are the best! The Simpsons arcade game was my favorite. It's a little bit too dark inside and the music is not really my taste. The place is nice if you just wanna get a drink and play games with some friends.
What more do you need than a huge selection of local craft beer and old school arcade games? Absolutely nothing. Barcade gets a mixed crowd, a lot of hipster young kids and the 80s born crowd.  It's dark and loud in there but that didn't stop me from having a good time.  Barcade was packed by 9:30 pm on Saturday night. Everyone was pretty relaxed and doing their own thing.  Don't expect to come here and be delighted with the decor.  Walls are pretty bare and most of the people are really there for the beer and arcade games.  It was really busy that night, but the bartenders were still pretty attentive.  Did I mention the huge selection of beer on tap?   I think paid $6 for the Rammstein Blonde, which I absolutely loved. It had a sweet aftertaste.  They also have food but we didn't get a chance to order. Aside from the craft beer, the main attraction was the arcade games.  I'm actually old enough to remember these games and since I came here with my brother, it actually brought back a lot of childhood memories.   They had all the classics from the 80s, including Double Dragon, Ms. Pacman, WWF Superstars, Contra, The Simpsons, Donkey Kong, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Tetris and others.  Bonus point: the games are only a quarter to play.  Just beware, you're going to wait a long time to play the Simpsons and TMNT game.   Overall, I enjoyed Barcade for a chilled out Saturday night.
My partner and I went to Barcade after having a romantic dinner, and it was a fantastic way to finish the night. Our bartender was knowledgeable, the selection of beer was great, and the $0.25 arcade game plays was completely fun! I think it would get tiresome if we went regularly - but every once in awhile, we have a great time. I also love the long tables look - it makes it feel kind of like a beer garden on the inside.
I've been to barcade twice now and it has not disappointed.  The food is fairly priced.  The first time I went I had the chicken quesadilla and some pilsner beer which was good.  The second time I had a delicious grilled cheese sandwich and clown shoes clementine on tap!  You can never go wrong with German beer!   I've only had the chance to play double dragon, donkey kong, mrs pacman and TMNT.  I am dying to go again to play contra.  I saw it at the very end last time and didn't get a chance to play.  :0(  Some games required a lot of quarters due to the fact that I kept losing and needed to put more quarters in to continue, but overall a great place for drinks and retro video games!!  I've only been there on Wednesday nights and it doesn't get too packed, but I heard it gets crowded during the weekends.
I moved to Jersey City over a year ago and was pessimistic about the bar life/scene. I found this place just walking around and being an 80's baby was AMAZED to find some of the arcade games I used to play. They have a full bar and kitchen (I think the kitchen closes at 10) and their beer selection is pretty amazing. The bartender, tall dark and handsome with an accent, was very patient with me and offered me tastes for the beers I was interested in. The only complain I have is that sometimes when it's extremely busy they turn the music up so loud it's hard to yell at the bartenders for what you want and once I actually got the wrong drink. Overall this place is awesome, fun, lots of space, and bringing old arcade games back! Good concept with the arcade and tons of beers on tap
THe craft beer selection is really nice. The blond male bartender was helpful and friendly. I am a fan of the chalkboard walls with the menu written on it. I also  liked the old collection of arcade games. So fun :) However, I was really looking forward to Duck Hunt or ANY game with a gun!
They had a few problems when they first opened but they seemed to have ironed them out! The bartenders here are proficient at slinging their American craft beers and whiskey. As far as the food is concerned, it's a little eccentric but still very tasty at the same time. Specifically, the young lady I bartenders that served me were great. It's a new place so expect a crowd on weekends. I will return.
3.5 What it lacks in the games I like it makes up for in craft beer and beef jerky. There are decent amount of retro games but I wish there was just a little more. I'm glad a game is only a quarter and that this place is super super chill. As long as your twenty one and over they don't care about the guy-girl ratio or how bad the place can smell like a dirty hipster, it is just good ol' fun times. Sometimes some games are out of order so that was little bummer when Mario Bros. wasn't working when I went one time but glad to know it does work on some days. I love that they have plenty of different craft beers on tap. I never really came here for the food but I'll definitely give it a shot. I really want to be one of those people gets top score initials but that'll be a lot of quarters until that happens.
I went to this bar when it first opened sometime in the summer of '11(??) and it was totally not my scene.  First off, I am not a beer drinker and according to the bartender who was working that night, that was all they served.  Really????  Secondly, the crowd is very unique.  All the girls look like bad Carrie Bradshaw-esque knockoffs and the boys like wannabe hipsters/James Dean's.  No thanks!  But the arcade style was pretty cool and my friends and I enjoyed playing some games.  It was pretty packed when I came and the service seemed to be lacking; I don't know if it was due to the grand opening or what, but I've experienced much, much better.  Can't really say if I would be back or not, but I'm sure if I passed by slightly buzzed, I'd wander on in.
a few nights ago had a hankering for their homemade vegan beet burger. i knew their kitchen was about to close at 10 so i called they agreed to make it for me and hold it until i got there, which was actually close to 11.  it was pretty cold but still delicious. i ate it at the bar with a mocha porter and used the wifi to do some work since i just moved and don't have internet at my new place yet. i very much enjoyed my experience here, as i do every time i come here, save for the bad attitude of the mid 20s white woman who is used to getting her way all the time who was sitting next to me for the first 30 minutes. she must have been hangry when she saw my sandwich. i am from the northwest, but have been in jc for 7 years.  microbrews are becoming more common here now, but unless you want a guinness, it's the only place in the neighborhood that consistently has any stout's on tap and they usually have a few and they're all good.  i can only vouch for the vegan options, myself, but the food there is great too. you can tell the staff really take pride in their food and beer menu. eat here. drink here.
If you grew up feeding allowance money into machines one quarter at at time, then this place is great nostalgia, combined with some interesting food and some quality beers. I only wish they'd break their rule of going into the 90s for some Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat.
I had been referred to this place by a few friends that live in the Grove Street area in downtown Jersey City. The store front looks really rustic and almost beachy with the horizontal wooden window panels. When you first come in there is a security guard to check id - minors beware - and he seemed friendly. My first impression as I walked in was, 'loud!" Between the music, noise from the arcade games along the walls and the general chatter from people at the bar and among the tables, it was almost unbearable. After about 45 minutes my friend and I had to leave. It got to the point where I really couldn't think.   Heading to the bar, the selection of brews and drinks was pretty standard with a little twist - local and speciality brews on tap. As far as food is concerned, forget about it. There isn't much to choose from which was a shame considering it was around dinnertime and I was hungry. I sat at a table near the front windows waiting for a friend and I started to smell something burning. Happy to know I wasn't crazy when a group of guys sitting next to me reacted alarmed. Never figured out was it was but it was none the less disturbing. The bathrooms are well maintained and the place is pretty spacious, if it wasn't it would definitely feel cramped. I might try again for the game aspect since that is their 'theme' (aka the name of the bar Bar-Cade). Highlight: games, space, selection of brews. Downfalls: noise and weird smells.
This bar is awesome!  The beer selection is always rotating, so there is always something new on the menu.  They normally have about 25 beers on tap, and I wouldn't grade any of their beers below a B+.  If you enjoy great beer, do yourself a favor and check this place out!
Love this barcade! So much quieter, roomier and easier to get a drink or a game in than it's Brooklyn counterpart. Also love the food addition. This place is one of the main reasons i'm willing to make the trek here from Brooklyn to visit my Jersey city friends.
Not as great as I expected from the reviews.  The controls for the games I tried didn't work well... I guess it's good for the vibe but the actual execution leaves a bit to be desired.  Probably wouldn't go back.
Really fun place that brings back some great gaming memories. For the gamer: A really great selection of games from decades past that are only set to a quarter. They use real quarters, not tokens, so you can cash out those $5s and $10s and not worry about having to use them all. For the drinker: Huge selection of great craft beers at competitive pricing. The part that is unfortunate is, just look through the photos uploaded by other Yelpers, their glasses are not beer clean. It's really disappointing to get your hands on an incredible beer only to have little or no foam and poor or no lacing. Almost a crime. We also went on a Saturday night where the wait for a drink became extremely long as the night went on. The bar was probably about 3 deep, but the bartenders did keep their hustle on to make it out of the woods, so I can't fault them for becoming crowded because the place is awesome. For the eater: I have no idea, I went to drink. :D Overall, if they fixed their glasses/cleaning system, I would give this place 5 stars. It's a really fun place to spend the evening.
perhaps i'm a bit biased, being a huge fan of the brooklyn location, but the jersey city location is also great.  love the large windows, the tetris machine tucked away in the back, and the beers you can't get in new york, just a train ride away.  try the pickled vegetables.
Maybe it's the night I went - late last Saturday night - but the place seemed like it was going to morph into Barfcade any second. Stray observations that will probably keep me away in the future: -Short guys (ha, not that I was looking or anything) -Spilled beer...just about everywhere. -Games eating my quarters. Thanks Galaga, for nothin'! Thanks Frogger, you suck! Complained to management but before they arrived some short guy swooped in and it worked for him! WTF? -No chivalry.  Bathrooms are unisex, so one line for all.  Some guy (like the only tall one in the whole place) cut the line and went in before me.  Ugh. What I liked: -Great beer selection (although after the tasty mulled wine I just had at Skinner's Loft, I didn't partake). -Taking turns with my buds playing Millipede.  And Tapper.  What a line for that one, but worth waiting for. -Not being single...because, short guys.  But maybe I'm just freakishly tall or something.
Good, but I like the Williamsburg one better.  I have going to Bardcade in Brooklyn since they first opened and love the place.  Great beer, great old video games, knowledgeable staff.  I was excited to see that another Barcade was opening in Jersey City, which was a lot closer to home and a lot more convenient.  Overall, I would say the place is decent, but they still have some kinks to work out.  They do have the great beer and video game selection like the original location.  They also don't have the same hipster infestation that plagues Brooklyn, although they still had more than enough.  The biggest issue I had was with the staff.  I met up with some friends after work on a Friday.  Although the place wasn't very crowded the staff behind the bar was slow and inattentive.  I had to wait a long time for drinks, even though we had quite a few seats at the bar.  The biggest annoyance was when trying to close my tab and leave.  I had to wait over 20 minutes to get my card back and actually close the tab.  It was quite annoying, since nobody would acknowledge any of us.  I really hope this was just due to being open for about 2 weeks when I went and they have improved since then.   I will certainly give them at least one more chance before heading back to the Brooklyn location.
It's a bar! It's an arcade! It's a Barcade! I've been wanting to pay this place a visit and it did not disappoint. It is so much fun with a group of friends. There are plenty of solo games and group games to play. The beer selection is friendly and the crowd is young & hip. The staff is friendly and and the prices won't burn a hole in your wallet. Bring your quarters (or don't...they have a change machine there!) and prepare to own your friends at games or if you're as bad as me, go out in a blazing glory!
DESPITE that the Double Dragon P2 stick was broken (WHHHHYYYY CAN'T I GO BACKWARDS??!!!), I enjoyed my time here. Having played the majority of these games at one point or another while going up, I definitely appreciated the nostalgia to be found here. First off, make sure you bring tons of quarters. There are change machines inside if you need them, though. Second, be ready to get your drink on. I've tried their liquor - and they have a pretty good craft beer selection here. Third, get ready for Donkey Kong to piss you off. There seems to be all sorts of types venturing around this venue, which is cool. Definitely don't feel like you need to fit into a certain crowd to frequent this joint. My only gripe is that this place goes *insane* during weekend nights, particularly Saturday -- to the point where it's not very enjoyable. I would recommend hitting it during the week or on Sunday where it's a bit more chill and you can actually enjoy the games and space. The bartenders are nice. I've never tried the food - so, no comment there. Prices are right and the ambience is pretty cool (it's so dark... and awesome).
I wonder why I don't come here more often but then, after I stop by, I realize why I don't. They have 28 beers on tap right now but I couldn't get a good recommendation for an IPA because "ahhhh... We got a lot of winter ales right now so I don't know what to tell you." My meat and cheese platter is less than inspiring, from the dryness of the charcuterie to the meager portion of cheese. Sometimes the food is decent but the service never is. They have video games which, sadly, are akin to the 23 year-olds as disco music is to me. They are a sideshow meant to distract from the identity complex this place has; are they genuinely enjoyable or are they ironic? I was going to give this place 3 stars but as I was typing this the bartender made fun of people who drink IPAs loudly and right in front of me to another patron. There are both dive bars and trendy bars within a block of this place. Barcade tries to combine the two but fails miserably. Keep walking.
I bought myself an x box so i could avoid going to these places. Sometimes i cant help myself. I foudn my self walking in and checking it out. Then i had a beeer and then another. I found myself dropping 20 bucks in quarters into one of the machines. It all happened in less than a half hour. The lights and signs are all designed to stimulate the senses and get a person involved so quickly. I guess i am just a sucker.
Craft beer and video games; what an awesome concept. Friendly service, great selection of both beverages and games. Just a really awesome place.
Awesome staff, awesome brewery events, awesome games, awesome beer selection, awesome food. I love this place and come often. The only thing that keeps this review from being 5 stars is that the acoustics make it impossibly loud in there on a busy night.
As an avid gamer and drinker this place would seem to be the perfect combination of both. However drinks are slightly overpriced, and many of the games are out of order, have sticky/unresponsive/broken buttons and joysticks, and many of the usual patrons are newly of drinking aged college kids that have no respect for the classic arcade games in their presence. Although there are signs that clearly state keep your drinks OFF of the games this rule is seldom followed. Hence all of the broken games, jammed buttons, and unresponsive joysticks. That being said, I have also been to the Brooklyn Barcade location. I would give that location 4 out of 5 stars. This one has some catching up to do. Best off to come here with a group of friends.
Fun friendly atmosphere in the heart of jersey city. Great beer on tap though not the best eatery (try the allagash triple). Oh and ALL THE GAMES! Galaga, Donkey Kong, The Simpsons, and even Star Wars for Atari! Lot of insecure arcade games like Mappy? Just one tip - the pong game table is broken and it makes me sad. Otherwise a great time with friends on a Friday night :)
Video games and booze. Need I say more? First off, I find it funny that people call this place a pub. I think geeky dive bar would be much more fitting descriptor. It's a pretty social venue and the crowd can be very different on any given night. The ambiance is very chill and relaxed. There's tons of arcades to choose from. Although, if you ask me, it couldn't hurt if they got a Marvel Vs. Capcom machine in there. My only minor gripe about this place is the hygiene. Compared to other bars in the downtown Jersey City area, this place can seem like a dump at times. It just doesn't seem like they clean that regularly. If I place my beer on top of an arcade machine, it shouldn't have a ring of dust at the bottom when I pick it up. I'm not much a beer connoisseur, but the mixed drinks can be a hit or miss. Some bartenders there make awesomely strong drinks, while others make you wonder if there's some sort of alcohol shortage. I've never ordered food from here, but the bartenders are pretty nice. Once you get up to the bar, someone will usually ask you what you want pretty quickly. Even on the busy nights they still manage to be pretty attentive. Unlike some places in Jersey City that have based their pricing models on NYC establishments, Barcade keeps things in the realm of reality and doesn't beat your pockets up too much. Environment: 4/5 Drinks: 3/5 Service: 4/5 Price: 4/5 All in all, Barcade is an alcoholic gamer's utopia.
- overall rating: 3.5 - reasonable pricing - personable bartenders - worst pastrami sandwich of my life (also smallest), avoid at all cost - jerky was inedibly salty, packaged (hickory flavor) - gets fairly crowded on the weekend - wish the music were lower, I get that its a bar but its basically an arcade for adults, not a club
Vintage video games that are still a quarter to play? a nice selection of smaller beers? and food?  Only the last thing separates this place from the Barcade in Williamsburg. The place wants to be trendy and chic but has a hard time balancing that with the weird people that only came here to beat their friends in four player Simpsons game.  I will not complain because I am a gamer.  Getting to relive my childhood love of arcades, local bodega tornaments and taking down a friends high score is worth the trip. The drink selection is better than their counterpart in BK but the addition of food may be a drawback.  Wings and gaming? ketchup and button mashing games do not mix. Come in, grab a drink and try to take down my score.
I hang around downtown a lot and this place is a great go to spot for old school arcade games that you and your friends played at the mall in high school. It's close to a bunch of good local places for pizza and drinks. I would totally recommend.
I come here for my favorite arcade game...Tapper! I have yet to try a drink or eat anything here. I just come for the game. Damn you Bloss C! Barcade is a cool chill spot in Downtown Jersey City. It gets pretty loud late night but its expected. Booze+young professionals+Friday night=Bedlam! One day I would like to try something off their menu. But in the meantime, I'm going to satisfy my "Tapper" addiction.
Pretty damn awesome. I was so distracted by the fantastic craft beer selection and bar conversation, I didn't play a single game! So the games served simply as a cool backdrop during this particular visit. I am sure the experience is even better when you actually play the games! Basically this is a good bar even without the arcade portion. Haven't been to the one in Brooklyn yet. If you are looking for a more dingy, authentic arcade experience (with alcohol) - check out Two Bit's Retro Arcade in Manhattan's LES. The focus there is less on bar but more on the games - at least it was for me.
What I liked: -Great draft beer selection (definitely one of the better draft selections I've seen in the area) -Beer menu with descriptions, ABV, and other information about each beer, something I wish more places with interesting beer selections did (I think it is a necessity for a place this busy and loud) --Drinks I ordered here were all good and quite strong -Food menu seems interesting and has a lot of options I came here on a Saturday night and it was very loud and very busy. It is probably just a matter of personal preference; my friend really liked it, but I like things to be a little more chill. The beer pricing also seems a little weird. Some beers, especially some of the stronger/more hoppy stuff, were definitely on the cheaper side (compared to other places), but, some of their lighter selections seemed like it should have been less. I think they are trying to keep draft prices fairly uniform. I like the arcade games, although I didn't really play them myself; these were also super crowded and some had people waiting. I kind of have mixed feelings about this place, and I think I would like it a lot more if I came when it was less crazy (i.e. not on Saturday night). I would come back to try more of their beer at some point, and maybe try their food, but 3 stars for now.
Mannnn I really was hoping I'd like Barcade. I've been to a few other bars with arcade games in them, so I was hoping it'd be similar but on a grander scale. Went on a Saturday night and it was pretty packed. Hard to get to the bar, hard to walk around to look for games, hard to get around groups of people just standing around. Definitely hard to find a spot for your coat (during the winter). We got some quarters and tried to play games but most of the "hot" games were occupied by people who literally stayed there forever. I can understand playing a game or two in a row, but really, come on people, let's try and share. The Ninja Turtles game had a group of 3 people with their quarters stacked on the front of the console and they must have been there all night. The place is also set up kind of funny.. it's awkward to get around large groups of people people and the large tables that no one sits at but everyone throws their stuff on top of. They do, however, have a large beer list if you're into craft beers. I had no idea what half of them were without looking at a more detailed list, but I eventually decided on a wheat beer. They also have a ton of arcade games, which is really the only reason why you'd go here. I gotta say..as a female, I HATE unisex bathrooms. I know how gross women's rooms can get but its even more gross when you mix that with men and toilet seats. These bathrooms were pretty gross....didnt. want. to. touch. anything. Sigh..sorry Barcade.
Had some beers here while finishing the entire Simpsons arcade game. Only spent $3 to do so, which I consider a huge achievement considering how difficult the game is! As far as the bar itself goes, it has a very laid-back and friendly atmosphere. Great music but not too loud so you'll be able to have a conversation without shouting. There's a bunch of cool  retro arcade games all along the walls. Drinks aren't pricey so you'll have enough quarters!
I came with good company so an extra star was more than likely given instead of earned. This place is exactly as the name indicates. BAR (DRINKS), CADE (ARCADE GAMES) = DRINKING WITH ARCADE GAMES. There you have it folks. They have good pricing on their draft beers and plenty of space to do whatever the fu-k you want. Great Happy Hours. I will be back if I'm in the area again but most likely I will be at their brother/sister location in Brooklyn next time around.
Fun spot w great beer!!!
Last night after work I saw the Christopher Street PATH train stop and decided what the heck, might as well visit Jersey City since I had never been there before and had no plans for the evening in particular. I wandered the streets from Journal Square all the way to Downtown JC for kicks (not the most scenic walk in the world, I have to say, until you finally get to downtown with its pretty brownstones), and Barcade seemed like a cool enough place to stop in and spend a few bucks. I like that the machines take quarters rather than tokens. I didn't stay long, but I could tell it was the kind of place that will suck you in for hours if you let it, even if all the games they have are from well before my time. I could see myself going there every now and then if I lived in the neighborhood. The chalkboard advertised that they sold "hopbacks." I've had a pickleback before and loved it, but I wasn't sure what a hopback was, so I inquired. It sounded like something I would like, though I didn't end up getting one this time. I was just amused that a place in Jersey seemed to have out-Brooklyned Brooklyn. I would have given the place more stars except there should have been more dive beer type options. It's good to have craft beer on tap, but it's also nice to be able to get cheap cans of Tecate, PBR, or what have you. A place with a dive vibe should have at least one cheap beer available. That ought to be a self-evident truth.
I know they're known for their craft beers and vintage games but sometimes all I want is first person shooter where I can let out all my rage (House of the Dead!!!). Instead, these are the games of old days where it's a lot of button smashing. If you like vintage games then this is the place for you. Also, sadly the music is a bit too loud to the point where you can't talk to anyone nor can you hear the sounds of the game (come on, I love the pew pew pew noise of the Galaga machine!!!). Sadly, I prefer D&B. Also, the location's not the best to get to either since you're struggling to find parking on the streets of Jersey City.
Fun, hipster place with awesome old school arcade games. Drinks were reasonably priced. Always have a good time whenever I come here. Try their left hand stout beer that's on tap. It's a grown man's chocolate milk.
Cool large atmosphere with lots of tables and games filling most of the perimeter of the place. Lot of bros.. definitely a stop-in for a drink and game type of joint in the midst of a downtown bar crawl. Lots of craft beers. Always a perk for my friends. Once, I asked for a lager and the girl gave me an IPA. Doesn't affect my rating because she gave me a new one, but c'mon.. The other guy is nice and works at the other barcade in ny i believe. it's a bitch getting a drink on the weekends because it gets packed around the bar, even though the place is pretty spacious. Bouncer at the door. Single stall bathrooms, but 3 or 4 of them.
This Barcade is exactly like the one in Williamsburg. I have walked by here before but never saw it actually open so I didnt realize it was a replica of the Barcade in Williamsburg. Its dark and stuffy just like the other Barcade. It has tons of video games. Lots of seating and plenty of beers on tap. If your walking thru Jersey City I would suggest stopping in. This is definitely an up and coming area with a lot of cool spots. Ive yet to try any food at Barcade so maybe I'll try that next time.
Spacious, great beer selection at reasonable prices, and SINISTAR! It's really all about Sinistar.
The food and snacks are fine but my major beef is with the arcade games. The owners seem to think that arcades died after 1989. They didn't; they died in 1996. There is too much emphasis on primitive games from the early 80s. Most of the fans of these games died years ago. In some cases their corpses are still transfixed to the machines and have to be shoved aside. On the plus side they have a few really cool games like 4-player TMNT, the original Castlevania, and Double Dragon. I tried to beat Double Dragon by just doing that elbow move (saw it in The Wizard) but the Abobos weren't having it.   Anyway, I doubt many people can appreciate these games. My advice is to get a Street Fighter II machine and maybe a driving or light gun game if you want to attract a more dedicated following.
Open late and perfect place to chill/hang out after a late night shift. Atmosphere:  From the moment you walk in your ear drums get blasted by music varying from 80's-now.  They def. have it turned up to 11 over here.  Place can be decently packed with hipsters of all ages or geeks that have ventured out from the depths of their parents' basements.  But it's ALL good and a fun concept. Bar area is stocked with all sorts of unheard of drinks. Arcades:  are all around $0.25 like the good ol' days with games as old as Galaga to Double Dragon and The Simpsons. Pretty cool and fun place to hang out late at night, my only suggestion would be for newer games or at least a STREET FIGHTER 2, something cool to challenge others at and make it more interactive.
Classic arcade games and alcohol.  What could go wrong? This unique bar sports a big L-shaped bar with a big beer menu on the wall behind it.  There are some tables scattered around the room for additional seating.  The big attraction here though is the classic arcade machines surrounding the entire room.  We're talking Donkey Kong, Simpsons, Turtles in Time, Pacman, etc.  Not only do they sport all these awesome throwbacks, but they kept the old prices too.  That's right, everything is playable for a quarter.  Mix it up with good beer and good friends and you're going to have a great time.  Pro Tip: try the beef jerky.  If you're into something spicy, try the "hell" flavor.   Bottom Line: Beer and arcade games.  Do it.
Very cool atmosphere. 80s arcade games + beer = epic win in my book. Only problem is I didn't know 95% of the beers in here...Am I not hipster enough?!
Barcade.  It's a bar whose premise should be self-explanatory. And yet, it's so much more. Barcade is a hipster mecca; an offshoot of the original hang in Williamsburg.  Roughly two dozen classical arcade games provide the backdrop to a thoroughly trendy drinking spot, though lacking the jam-packed crowds you might expect.  Barcade's biggest draw seems to come not from the 80s chic consoles (or music), but from the truly respectable beer list.  Where else can you find rare brew like Carton's GORP (a strong porter brewed with raisins and peanuts) or, one of my personal favourites, Victory Scarlet Fire (a bold smoked beer). Add to that the friendly bartenders and vintage cabinets like Galaga, Sinistar, the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and The Simpsons, and you've got a prime hangout in downtown JC.
The beer selection could use a lot of work.  I was very interested to see what all the hype was about.  Craft beers and old arcade games...a match made in heaven right? First off, two bartenders on a Saturday night meant that you'd be waiting a while for your drink.  Not because it was incredibly busy, but because they weren't moving with any particular sense of purpose.  It kind of reminded of the days when I would wait and wait for drinks at a club...a trip down memory lane I hoped to never relive. Second, the beers that were offered weren't as diverse as I was hoping for.  For me, the best beer selection I've ever encountered was Tiger! Tiger! in San Diego.  They had everything from XP's to Framboise.  You're not going to find that kind of selection at Barcade, and the experience suffers for it.  I was relegated to drinking the same porter all night because there weren't any other beers that seemed interesting enough. Thankfully 25 cent games of Rampage, 1943, Burger Time, TMNT, Contra, and NARC kept me occupied.  Man, TMNT is just as difficult 25 years later.  I was hoping to find a Street Fighter of Mortal Kombat machine, but my hope was dashed. They could use a couple of more communal tables too...
We went  for a late birthday celebration. It was a bite, a drink, some games and girl time. The place, on a Sunday was pretty empty considering I heard it could be super busy and full on the weekends. It is a wide open space, high ceilings, a bar, a bunch of sporadic heavy tables and the walls are lined with arcade games. There is a lovely little menu with small snacks and bigger things, like hot sandwiches. They sell chips, and nutella and bacon on toast, or quesadillas with chorizo. Many of the things on the menu are classics, easy breezy bar food with a twist-- fancy quesadillas, fun waffle sandwiches with ham and syrup, or adult grilled cheeses. I had the Ruben sandwich, which was not the typical. It looked like it could have been a diner Ruben, but it was not quite as greasy or thick. Instead of the usual swiss cheese, melty on the meat and bread, Barcade steps it up and uses gruyere on their pastrami Ruben. It also had a meager amount of beer soaked sauerkraut. There was also just a little less thousand island than I would like. But it was a different kind of Ruben, and in some ways it felt lost but still delicious. They also offer an extensive list of beers that changes frequently. The beer menu was very in depth and descriptive, each selection had a very specific list of adjectives. This was a selection varied enough for the connoisseur and explanatory enough for the beginner. The appearance of the bar is hip, nonchalant, and unplanned, but the menu and beer selection are well curated and specific. The atmosphere was fun, chill and easy going. The games, the food and the drinks make Barcade a great hangout.
Always a winner. Got 2 $6 microbrews and rocked tetris and 1843. Check for my high scores!!! Cool music playing in the background, they serve food until 12am and have seats and tables sprawled amongst the place outlined by tons of old school arcade games. I love this place for a laid back and fun night along with a refreshing blast from the past.
First time here a couple weeks ago and I liked it a lot. Beer selection was decent and the bartender knew his stuff well enough to recommend stuff for me which I liked. Food was meh. I wouldn't recommend it, but it was okay. Games were fun although a bit outdated. I wish they had some newer or more games. There's a bar arcade (Emporium) in Chicago I went to that had Capcom vs. Marvel, Turtles in Time and Street Fighter, etc and I just kind of wish this one did too. Oh well. I went with coworkers on a Friday night and we had a lot of fun though. We played the TMNT game for I think hours. :) Fun times. I liked it.
Beer was good. Bartender girl with the sleeve tattoos and 50s style glasses was rude. We asked what she recommended and replied "I don't know what you like" Yea, obviously... And threw the menu towards us.. Thanks. Won't be returning. There are a ton of bars in the city with craft beers and better service.
There's no other way to describe it, this place is just freaking great.  You can order from a diverse selection of beers and more importantly, you can play CLASSIC arcade games from the late 80s/early 90s.  All those classics that will jog your memory back to your days as a wee lad playing Pac-Man or Metroid.  All those classic arcade games are back and make this Jersey City dive a great place to just relax and socialize with your friends and coworkers as you guys reminisce about playing Metroid back in the early 90s.  The place is located within walking distance to the Grove St. PATH station and is a great bar for Jersey City and nearby Hoboken residents.
We went to this particular Barcade over the summer after attending Medieval Times.  I enjoyed the manifold of arcade games, both popular and lesser.  I even got the 15th highest score on Qbert which made me proud--see the picture I posted for proof.  I seldom visit Jersey City but I would pop by Barcade again if given the opportunity.
Barcade is a pretty interesting place and its kind of hard to get a lock on defining it exactly.  Its one of those places that everyone you know goes to once a in awhile so you will end up at eventually or fairly often in some cases but you might not normally be like hey this place is great lets go here right off the bat. There are 2 main attractions to this place , the video games , which are all old school classic arcade games, your not gonna find anything past the late 80s in here , so dont expect Daytona , time crisis or cruising USA type games. this more donkey kong , pac mac , etc . Second is the beer , they always have a great giant selection of craft beers that's always changing , on the plus side is your always are trying new things, on the down side is when you find something u really like chances are it wont be there next time. They are very good with their craft beers serving them in the appropriate type glasses and all that. I like the place but it sometimes hit or miss. Being its trendy and "retro" its a hipster magnet. You get a lot of your stereotypical hipsters in there, Black Framed glasses with a scarf in doors types and such. Even the menu screams hipster too some of the food is a bit pretentious like 3 cheese grilled cheese with cheeses you have probably never even heard of lol. Its also a bit hit or miss with the service sometimes i go there and its pretty busy and the bartenders are really on point and the waits not so bad...other times it seems like it takes forever! Mike's Final word Fun play to go with a group , really novel , when the novelty wears off you have an awesome selection of beers to pick from. Just beware this place has a lot of hipsters and is typically extremely guy heavy.
Some Pac-Man with your drink? Outside of the northern Jersey/NYC area, bars like these are a novelty. We're so spoiled to live in an area where there is a huge competition between bars to develop ideas to stand out. Barcade's angle? Great craft beer along side a huge collection of retro arcade games. They have a wide selection of domestic craft beers. Most of them are on tap; and because there's heavy traffic that comes through here, it's (or should be) a safe bet the beer you choose is fresh. Their selection frequently changes so if you like to try new beer, come back often. If beer isn't your thing? They have a full bar for you, too, my friend. If alcohol isn't your thing? Retro games line the walls like wallflowers at a club. Folks who grew up with these games will be filled with nostalgia. As for those who were born in the 90's? Well... it'll be more of museum that happens to sell alcohol for these youngins. Food? Yes! They serve food. I've tried the BRAUTWURST and CUBAN SANDWHICH. Both were satisfying, and their bratwurst could give Beirgarten a run for their money. When this place starts to fill up, don't expect great service. The two, or sometimes one, bartenders can become overwhelmed when the rush starts. Last words: If you're looking for another way to use those dollars besides stuffing 'em down g-strings, this is a great alternative! (There's a change machine inside) With a full bar and great selection of craft beer, leave Mrs. Pacman at home and have a drama-free time!
I ordered food at 10pm. They made it clear that the answer was no since the kitchen closes at 10pm. Okay, fair enough. An hour and a half later they served a girl, that was SITTING NEXT TO ME, that was clearly a friend. When I asked about it BECAUSE IT WAS SO RUDE they made an awkward and obvious lie about how she ordered it via text two hours ago and they were keeping it hot in the back. FYI--I heard her order when she sat down. Also the place is, in general, hipster nonsense and thus comically stuffed with too many guys in plaid. I only gave this two stars instead of one because the beer selection is pretty good.
Classic video games+craft beer+beef jerky is a definite winning combo for me, and I really like the atmosphere of this place. Casual atmosphere, it can get a little loud in there, and be sure to get there early to get a table. The crowd is obviously on the younger side, but old enough to remember arcades with classic cabinet games, so my friends and I are the perfect age to appreciate everything that Barcade is. The only reason I knocked a star off is because the one in Brooklyn is better. They have a better selection of beer and way more video games.
I am so happy this bar is in my neighborhood.  I'm typically not a video game fan, but I had so much fun at Barcade.   The games are all old school and only 25 cents to play.  Even though they are cheap the money still goes quick - my boyfriend and I easily spend $15 in an hour and a half.  Games include Pacman, Tetris, Q-bert, Simpsons, TMNT, Knock Out, and Tapper.  I recently watched "Wreck It Ralph" and a lot of games from the movie are in Barcade.  We came on a Friday night and it was easy to find games to play.  You might have to wait a little while to get on the more popular ones.  There are a few intense gamers but it mostly just seems like people having fun.  In between all of the games they build a ledge to put your beer which I thought was an awesome idea!   The beer selection was great - they have a wide variety of craft beers on tap which are all around $6.  They have some nice big tables in the middle so it seems like a good place to have a birthday party or come with a big group of friends.   Got to take a star off because it's a little on the dirty side.  Bathrooms weren't the cleanest and the tables and ledges were pretty sticky.  Regardless, it's an awesome place.
Maybe I'm just getting old.  But then again, maybe I would never have enjoyed hanging out in Barcade, even in my younger days.   The place gets pretty packed very early.  This wouldn't be so bad if people didn't plop their jackets down on tables and walk away to the machines.  Come on people, you can't claim a machine and a seating area!  Not cool.  Maybe there isn't much Barcade can do about it, but it is enough to put me off. I also don't mind a packed bar if the service is up to par.  I recently went by on a Friday night and there were two bartenders.  If you have seen the bar, you know it's pretty long.  The crowd was at least four deep, and it took over 20 minutes to get a drink.  Again, I don't think I have ever enjoyed just standing around when I could otherwise be drinking. The selection is pretty good, but I think that Pint's selections are often more interesting.  And Barcade does a ton of tap takeovers, so if you are in the market for brewery variety, make sure to check their calendar.   I do like Barcade because it makes people from the city remark that Jersey City has some cool stuff going for it.  But for me, there are a lot of cooler things in Jersey City than Barcade.  I'll just use Barcade to rope in the city folk, and then show them what JC is really about.
I don't know why anyone would go to a 21st century arcade after going to a Barcade. Nothing beats a 25 cent Pacman machine. I love beer and I love games and I love jerky and I love being cheap so it is really only natural that I love this place. It's a big space with enough tables and more than enough games.
Cool place. A bar that brought back the video game arcade concept. Has a bit of a stinky mop odor but cool place nonetheless. Limited but edible menu and great beer selection.
Craft beer, video games, 80's metal. I'm in love. Oh yeah, this place brings back memories of those countless hours I spent at the local video arcade after school pumping quarters into the games and flirting with all the honeys. Except back then they did not offer a killer beer selection as Barcade does! This place looks like hipster central was pulled out of Williamsburg and dumped into Jersey City, but it's all good. The actual place is one large room painted in all black, dimly lit with large windows up front, picnic type tables to chill at, and all types of old school video games along the walls. Q-Bert, Burger Time, Centipede, Galaga, Tapper, Zaxxon, Double Dragon, Frogger, and so many others. And just like back in time, it's only a quarter to play a game! Oh yes - vintage 80's and 90's hard rock and hair metal tunes are joyfully played non-stop offering a kick ass aural stimulation on the brain. Heavy metal love! What I like is that there are little beer shelves next to the games so you can enjoy your brew while dumping your change in the machines in a frenzied attempt to get that high score. What a terrific craft beer selection they have here! All reasonably priced at around $6-$8 a pint. I counted about 25 craft beers on tap! Had a Sixpoint Nitro Otis while playing a few games. There is also a small kitchen open until midnight to grab some grub if hungry. Had a decent roast beef and melted cheddar on toast with pickles on the side for $8. They also have some small bites like Bacon and Nutella! Yes! Wasn't too crowded on a Thursday night but I would guess it can get crowded on weekends. I would also assume this place can be a nerds paradise and a bit of a sausage fest, but there is a large bar to sit around while enjoying a good brew while listening to some classic tunes. Bring a roll of quarters and take a step back in time.
So, I frequent Barcade weekishly but, it has taken me this long to write... why? Because, there are some places in this world that you can't immediately come to a decision on, and Barcade is one of those places. First of all, 5 stars for craft beer selection, and video games.  I take for granted in this review everyone knows what type of place Barcade is - 1/2 bar 1/2 old school video arcade.  The beer selection changes pretty much weekly so don't be surprised if a beer you drank one week is not there the following.  This forces one to potentially try new things and get out of that beer comfort zone!  All beers range from $6-$10. The place is huge - almost to a downfall.  It lacks a certain dive bar/down at home feel which I love and adore but, it's still awesome because the staff.  The bartenders are always super nice and friendly and on weekends the bouncers ( I believe the bouncers are at the door weekends only) are so awesome (though I am probably a bit over served, and EVERYONE is awesome). Quick JC tip -  ladies - this place is a sausage factory.  There are SOOO many dudes here its borderline ridiculous.  I have a man and I'm still doing damage when I go here.  So, if you are in the mood to get your game face on, def gussy it up a bit and get ready to get hit on. Never nibbled on anything, but saw people last night eating a really great looking panini.   Anyway, its a great place to chill and have an amazing beer on a weekday or its a really loud, busy place to get a beer on a weekend night.  Choose your own adventure. *** They do sell liquor, craft beer is just their forte!
Haven't been to this nerd dude cesspool in a hot second, so I came packin...brought Stephanie L and one of her gfs wit me...just to be on the safe side. Yup, still fulla nerds and wanna-be hipsters...whatever you wanna call em...its like a game preserve but instead of rare animals, you can spot superfluous trend-followers everywhere. The beer was aight...I def think they need to clean their taps more often. The way a dude was staring/glaring at one of the girls I was with, its like he never saw a female and wanted to either ask her to be his wife or to make her skin into a halloween costume. Yowza
# of times I died by the hands of a bat/whip in Double Dragon: 4 # of enemies I killed with a bat/whip once I acquired one: 0 # of quarters wasted on Ms Pacman before I realized that I suck, all of my strategies suck, and there would be no way for me to discover the "ghost pattern": 12 # of times I questioned why Ms Pacman wasn't Mrs Pacman: 1 # of times I attempted a Shoryuken in Karate Champ: 3 # of laps I did around Barcade looking for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, NBA Jam, or Street Fighter 2 before I realized that they weren't there: 10
The most important thing you should take away from Barcade is the love of good craft beer. The taps change about as often as they run out, and every selection is damned fine. There's nothing on the list that I'd ever turn my nose up at, and neither should you! The space itself is open, with lots of sitting and hanging-out space. The bar is pretty roomy and reasonably well-managed. The staff have never been anything but helpful, but when it's busy, it can take an extra minute or two to get their attention for a refill. Be patient, it's worth it. I had a sandwich here the first time I came. It was great, just a little overpriced. Not much, just maybe a dollar more than I'd normally spend. Still, very tasty and nicely prepared. One thing that is a black mark is that the games are always in one stage of disrepair or another. That's expected, because they are old hardware and need constant maintenance, but sometimes I've gone in and a solid 6 or more games were out of commission. That's a bit of a bummer, especially when I want to smash the Galaga high score that they have posted (piker only got 166,000 last I'd checked. That's bollocks!). All in all, highly recommended and it will be a regular hangout of mine for a long time to come. An afterthought: I was raised in bars that had video games. It was the cheapest babysitter my folks could get. They'd go off and drink with their buddies and I'd get a half a roll of quarters to go and blow up the Centipede machine. Me, coming from a long line of alcoholics, I believe that having good distractions while you're drinking is a good way to keep from getting stupid drunk. It gives you some reason to go out instead of just swilling booze with your friends. While that is a fine activity, it's just not something that exults man above the elephants who throw rotten fruit in their watering holes to make a cheap hooch (look it up, they do it). So I'm increasing the review from 4 to 5 stars, because I think that Barcade is one step further along the path of civilization. Revel, carouse, get drunk and be merry, but do it with a solid Ms. Pac Man tournament to boot.
Nostalgia on climax! One glance through the windows and I just had to go in! Wall-to-wall classic arcade games! A full bar with a good selection of beers on draft! High ceilings! Picnic tables! Um...did I mention the arcade games? No, I'm not a hipster trying to appreciate an era before my time just because it's cool. I'm actually old enough remember a time when these massive coin-op, video game contraptions were common, not just in arcades, but also in supermarkets, your local grocery store, the corner café, aisles of malls, and movie theaters. Man, all the classics are here and most only cost a quarter to play. Being here makes me feel all fuzzy, and I don't think it's the beer.
JC downtown has a couple of jewels in the heart of dowtown and Barcade is one of them. Never knew a place like this ever existed in a quite neighborhood like this. Tried this place while doing bar hopping with friends in Hoboken and JD downtown. The setup of this place is  similar to other Barcade one in Brooklyn. The place is huge and arcade games on two sides of the wall. It was fun to play all those fun arcade games(Pacman, Street Fighther) after a long time. The ambience is hipster and they have a dim dark light to give the place a more intimate look. This is known for their beer selection but they do carry other liquors too. They rotate the tap beers on daily basis so there is always something new to try here everytime. The server was nice and helped us choose our drinks.Haven't tried food here so can't comment on that.Overall a fun place to hangout with friends in JC downtown.
Don't think I need to be super repetitive here, so to keep it simple: Great beer, great video games and great bar snacks. It's a HUGE space so luckily if the bar is packed there are plenty of benches to sit at.  The bartenders have always been fantastic and can always give good suggestions when trying out their constantly  rotating beer menu. And for the straight ladies - this place is a total meat market - if you feel the need to troll.
Fantastic craft brews, great music (thank God), and a bevy of old school arcade video games are the top three reasons to stop here during a night out in Jersey City. Regardless of your hipster political leanings, Barcade Jersey City picked the best spot to open shop. Just a few blocks from the PATH (almost impossible to get lost on the way, until you've had too many), Barcade has found the nexus of all things worth frequenting in JC night life and placed itself at the core. Almost equi-distant from popular spots like Lucky 7's, The Lamppost, LITM, and the restaurants on Grove Street, Barcade is reaping the benefits of the city planning office's Restaurant Row in ways that are justified and well-earned. Complaints that the service is slow are somewhat justified, and those could be solved by having more bartenders on hand at peak hours and during promotions. I'm sure they are still figuring out their staffing and cash flow, but the food orders are passed back to one person who creates the food from scratch and that can take some time. Thankfully there is plenty to do while you wait, and we also found that the food compliments the beer very well. Stock up on quarters before you go, but they have a change machine if you forget. Overall, thank you Barcade for reviving the nightlife on Newark Avenue and pointing the music scene in the right direction.
Hipster this, hipster that.  Face it......you're a hipster (you're drinking pretentious craft beers while playing vintage video games.....so yeah), I'm a hipster, your 45 year old cousin is a hipster, your 15 year old niece is a hipster, Barack Obama is a hipster.  Everybody is a hipster!  So please stop using such an all-encompassing term to describe people. Anyone who doesn't think Barcade is a welcome addition to the hellhole urban landscape that is Newark Ave. is delusional.   The beer list is fantastic and they have a great bourbon selection as well but  I do wish they would serve a few mass produced beers.  For those days when you and your friends want to spend the the afternoon getting plastered all day.  10 Budweisers later, we're jovial and loud but totally civilized.  10 Weyerbachers later.......Jim has his shirt of challenging a dude to a Pacman duel. I've never stood in a line nor waited too long for a beer but I've never gone on a Friday/Saturday night.  The service was spot on the last time I went......plus they just recently opened so maybe you should give them some time to get their act together.  Plus they have beef jerky!  Not the crap you buy at the local bodegas but good beef jerky!  Face it.....beef jerky rules.  If I could rate beef jerky I would give it 5 stars.  I've lost my train of thought........whatevs. Cheers.
Pretty cool place for beer! Sometimes they even play decent music and they have Golden Axe. SCORE.
The only thing this place has going for it is the hope to get one of the many great beers they have on tap.  However, it is mostly hope, because the general service is horrendous.  After waiting 20 minutes before I was even able to make eye contact with a bartender, I politely asked him if I could get a beer when he had a chance.  I was answered with an attitude and how I had to wait.  I guess the 20 minutes wasn't wait enough.   Mind you, it was also 8:45 on Friday night and all the bar stools weren't even filled yet AND there were two bartenders.  I don't believe this is a quantity of service staff problem, I totally believe it is a QUALITY of service staff problem.   I will not be returning anytime soon.
Decided to mix up my usual Sunday night routine and have dinner here. The veggie burger was really good. It came with pretzels, which I forgot how much I like.
This place rules, if you're looking for a bar that's laid-back and has a bunch of video games from the 80s that all cost a quarter. Which I was. It's a good thing I don't live closer to this place than I do, because I'd be here every night and twice on Sundays.
So I frequent the Barcade while living in Williamsburg, move to Jersey City, and 2 months later they open up one 2 blocks from my apartment? Score. Anyway, now to what you *may* actually care about. The beer list rocks. Tons of microbrews (with ABV% to control drunkenness, and descriptions so you can look smart for the ladies) Example: Girl: "Umm, like, I don't know what to order. Do they have Zima?" You: scans beer list, looks for something fruity and light "Hey, uhh, I happen to be very sophisticated. You'd like this beer. And me." Another score. Retro games are awesome. Obviously. My only gripe is how crowded it got. Blame it on the lack of alternatives, but Friday night got PACKED. I almost gave it 3 stars when I realized that even with shoulder to shoulder people, the bartenders still only took about 45 seconds to get me a beer. Well done.
This Barcade, like the Philly Barcade is a cool, one off concept though I'm not sure I want to spend all my time here. I'm not really a gamer and as such I don't revel in standing at a machine for hours playing.  I can imagine with a group of friends, this could be an entertaining spot especially if you're prepared with lots of quarters, or if you happen to be really good at arcade games. One of the best things about Barcade is the beer selection.  They certainly know how to choose their taps and they keep the list changing often.  On the particular evening I was here, they had a Yards beer on cask which was fun and that's what I drank. All games are $0.25 and the machines are in good working order.  The space itself is a bit raw and I could smell bacon and other simple / fried bites wafting from the kitchen.  I'm sure they would do in a pinch if you were really hungry. It's not bad.  Give it a shot sometime.
Very fun place. The space is big and open with plenty of room. It didn't take us very long to sit at a table. The beer selection is vast and amazing. So many craft beers to choose from, and the selection changes often. Anything by Dogfish, Stone, Troegs, Sixpoint or Victory are my sure-fire bets - amazing beer. Prices are reasonable. They offer some unique and good bar grub, too! They have sandwiches - ranging from classics like grilled cheese to more unique flavors like turkey and brie with a apricot-cherry chutney (not your usual bar fare). I really enjoyed their small bites. We got pepperoni crostini (think mini pepperoni pizzas almost - and they had a pretty good kick), deviled eggs which were great, and my absolute favorite, nutella and bacon. The nutella and bacon is the ultimate bar snack. It's basically toast spread with nutella and super crunchy bacon bits. It's sweet and salty and perfect along with your beer - trust me! The games are fun, some more than others, and lines can be long. I recommend The Simpsons game - it allows up to 4 players to play and it's incredibly fun.
1. Video games. 2. More male than females patrons 3. Craft beers 4. Geek talk If NJIT were to make an equivalent bar , Barcade would be the place!
First, let me point out that while I'm not necessarily a fan of the so called Hipster genre of existence, I could really care less who or what you are, as long as you're improving the area you live in. Barcade, by sheer virtue of its presence on Newark Ave, has raised the profile of the area and improved the quality of life.  Gone are the days of me driving down Newark ave on a Friday night and looking at a deserted town. Now, people are walking up and down, mostly congregating around Barcade, but also walking to some nearby places like LITM. On to the bar itself - I stopped in both Fri and Sat this past weekend (first times at this place). I like the concept (I realize it's a tested and true one), but for some reason I left the bar with a less than 100% favorable experience. - retro games were cool, but got really old (no pun) after a very short while. Wound up only spending like 2 bucks on them. I guess if you're a hardcore gamer, you would disagree with this point - cafeteria style benches add nothing to the location. I guess it's meant to inspire conversation between small groups but, - music was blaring. At least it wasn't club music, but whatever it was, it was way too loud, making conversation a chore rather than something fun. - beer selection. I get it, it's not supposed to be your usual Bud Light Coors light type of place, but unless you're a true craft beer connoisseur (which I would guess that most people aren't), then ordering can be an expensive game of Russian roulette. The bartender recommendation was not really that helpful either. I think every pint was $6. I would go back once the novelty wears off and the place isn't totally mobbed on the weekend. Three stars, but has the potential for more.
Again, I probably should have reviewed this place a long time ago, but never did. Yes, you may consider it a "hipster bar," because that seems to be the case with most things these days. But no one has ever been annoying (and this is coming from someone who gets annoyed VERY easily), and everyone is there with the common interests of good beer, good food, and 25-cent arcade games. If they had a TV showing sports, I'd probably be here even more often, but I suppose that would take away from the novelty of the games (?). Bartenders have been cool for the most part. There's only one guy whom I consider a huge douche, but everyone else is awesome and very knowledgeable about the beer. They, like other bars in the area, also have "Meet the Brewery" nights, which I enjoy. The Allagash night awhile back was no joke; I'm glad I didn't have work the next day.
BARCADE has booze and old school coin-op arcade games. Great concept. Big selection of pours up on the wall such as Sixpoint, Sierra Nevada, Allagash, NJ Beer Co to name a few. Beers are $6 on average. They also have a full bar if you're not in the mood for beer. Not sure if there's a happy hour here, but the times I've gone were past 9PM so they'd probably not apply anyhow. It's really dark in here and gets really packed and loud, say on a Saturday night. The bar itself seats about a dozen or so, but there's also ample seating for groups of people scattered between the arcade machines and the bar. The old school games here bring back fond memories of the 1980's with classics such as Karate Champ (played in Bloodsport the movie in 1989), Arkanoid, Galaga, Ms. Pacman, Double Dragon, Contra and so much more. There's definitely enough to keep you entertained and some of the machines have a drink shelf in between the other so you don't have to resort putting your beer of the floor or making your friend or significant other hold it. Great place to come and chill with friends, especially if they appreciate the old school arcade classics and enjoy craft beer!
What I tell all my non Jersey City friends: if you want to enjoy the video games, don't come during high bar time. Afternoons and Sunday evenings are your best bets. While the video games are a great novelty, my favorite thing about Barcade is the beer selection. Selections rotate daily, and the bar always highlights something new and interesting. I have mixed feelings about the bartenders. One night, the bar was way understaffed, and the bartenders were super surly/rude. Another night, the bartender offered us a bunch of samples and made suggestions. He even encouraged use to try a pickle-flavored beer. Overall, I think they're still working out the kinks! Barcade doesn't attract any "types" either - I've seen finance people, artists, preppies, etc. Everyone seems to like the place, and I think it's a great addition to the neighborhood.
I knew what I was getting into... craft beer and classic video games that today's youth will never understand. Yes, this place can only really be described hipster. However, as much as we try to deny it, aren't we all really hipsters? We can't get much more hipster than shunning the label anyway, right? What a revelation! (Don't tell anyone I said that, ok?) Rustic at it's core, Barcade doesn't rely on bells and whistles to make it's point, just two things that nearly everyone in their mid-20's and older can appreciate. The bartenders were nice and attentive. Clientele was a bit scruffy and very laid back. This is a great place to grab a drink after work with $1 off beer and well drinks until 8pm. Definitely worth a return trip!
This one is borderline four star - maybe three and a half. I love the idea of this place: awesome old school video games for $.25 per play, great rotating tap of awesome beer, and a full bar to boot.  The setup is good and the bar tenders are attentive. "What is the problem then?" you're asking.  Don't worry, I ask myself the same thing all of the time.  The "scene" is always so strange, that's what.  All of my friends and I agree on that point, and they're all JC residents.  The whole "feel" is just weird.  Don't get me wrong, I'm almost as nerdy as they come and I can get along with anyone and talk about anything.  In fact, one of the great bartenders has bought me a drink every time I have been there, and I'm 99% sure he doesn't remember me from one time to the other (I frequent here so little).  Maybe I'm one of the few "nice" people here who is willing to "shoot the shit" with him?  Quite possibly. Check it out for yourself, maybe you will enjoy the feel and vibe.  If so it will certainly be a five star establishment for you, because everything else is unbeatable.
I like this place, really. I just don't love it. I first tried to go the first week they opened. It was about 9pm or so, and there was a line outside! I'm down for drinkin' brews and playin' vids, but I'm not waiting in any line for it. When I finally did visit, I did enjoy the large tap list. I also like that they tweet the newest brews each day - it's great if you want to get notified of the best new stuff. The food was good, but I didn't get a great vibe from the bartenders. Nothing to complain about, I just didn't fall in love. I wanted to, but it didn't happen. So, we're going to keep seeing other bars for now, and get together now and again.
Just ok. It hot,kinda smells like a basement, and they are poorly lit. They do have a lot of craft brews on tap, but good luck finding what u like. IPA, Lager, wheat ale.... None r categorized. They r just all thrown up on a chalk board. The clientele is a bunch of wanna be hipsters...which is ok... They r nice enough people but just kind of annoying after a while....u r not ironic...u probably can't even spell ironic...and ur beard is ugly. Old school games r cool...forgot how much fun they used to be.
I hate all the other bars in this area except Barcade, and that's because the service is great and the vibe is positive. No pretentious people here, for sure. Regulars and new patrons are treated equally and I always have a great experience. The bartenders recommend drinks and also let you sample beers. They also have the coolest 80's arcade games. They have a diverse list of craft beers and you're not confined to pretentious martinis or hoitey toitey summer cocktail concoctions. I recommend it. I don't give it five stars only for the fact that there's not much of an ambience or food selection. But who effing comes here to eat anyway?
The beer selection is good but the vibe is unexceptional. The general design is solid and open (no bottlenecks here) but the fact that Barcade has gotten so much hype shows you how far Jersey City has to go. The food is overpriced and the menu consists of a genuinely meager selection of meh sandwiches. My friend and I each ordered one but they were served to us on one smallish platter so that we each had to bump foreheads or drop crumbs all over ourselves as we chowed down. I mean, come on.   Maybe I was spoiled in Chicago but Barcade amounts to what would be a decent option if Newark Ave was jam-packed with solid options. Think Allen and Ludlow in New York or Wicker Park in Chicago. As it is, beyond the Merchant and Lucky 7''s (places on opposite sides of the district) the area is bereft of non-contrived locations to grab a solid drink. Maybe people here don't know better or the people who do just go into the New York to drink but I feel like Jersey City deserves better and to say otherwise is to enable the continued mediocrity that JC seems to shamelessly bask in. 3 stars for design and the good IPA's. Otherwise the whole concept is lacking. Though I am happy they don't have TVs. People at bars should talk to one another or make out, not stare up random sporting events hoping their awkwardness will go unnoticed.
I really like this place, crappy bathroom and limited seating and all. Plus: craft beers, attentive bartenders, good bar food (yay for grilled cheese and beer!) and those glorious old machines, complete with a rest for your glass, still only asking for 25 cents a play. On my last visit, a boy in jeggings (who really seemed to have had enough, given his facial flushing and exuberant exclamations) took my beer by mistake while I was kicking azzz on galaga. Our sympathetic bartender saw the whole thing and gave me another. Appreciated!! +++
I can't believe it's taken me until now to write about Barcade. Such a welcome addition to Newark Avenue -- and a sign that maybe, just maybe, Jersey City is truly starting to transition into a destination worth paying attention to. I'm not much of a video game person, to be honest. But never mind that. The beer selection is incredible. Seriously. What did JC do to deserve this amazing (and relatively inexpensive) beer selection, I have no idea, but I'm not complaining.  I especially love the brewery nights and extra points when oysters are involved.  My favorite place to go and test out some new and unique beers. In addition to the awesome beer, food is pretty excellent too. I love that the kitchen is open later than most in town and its not your traditional bar food -- its pretty thoughtful, delicious and satisfying after a few too many 8-9% ABV brews. Finally, staff. I love these guys.  Richie was one of the first bartenders I met when I started going to Barcade and he's probably why I keep going back. He's awesome and I'm always happy to see him behind the bar when I go in.  Super friendly, knowledgeable about the beers, and always patient while I mull over the decision of what beer to drink.  He's probably one of my favorite bartenders in JC. The rest of the staff -- they're pretty awesome too.   There are other establishments in downtown JC who pride themselves on having the "best beer selection in Jersey City" and I can say, with 100% certainty, they cannot live up to Barcade in terms of staff, selection, events, and food.  And I'm happy to see they've expanded to Philly, so I can send my beer-loving Philadelphia friends to one of  my favorite bars!
Donkey Kong...Double Dragon...Super Punch Out...Karate Champ...Contra! What an awesome blast from the past!  I remember feeding quarters into these games years ago and I had no trouble doing it again the other night. The only difference is I pretty much suck at all of them now. Maybe it was because I was playing them after an evening of wine and beer. Yeah, that was it. Speaking of beer, Barcade has a great selection of them on tap (25+). I tried and enjoyed a pint of Victory Smokin' Oats. Dark and delicious. In between beer and games, we also got to hang out with some of the other Jersey Elites we met earlier in the evening. What a great spot! Thanks for a fun time, guys and gals.
Yeah... So I come here every time I go out in JC, which is about once a week. I can't say enough about the quality of the craft beer, the constantly rotating selection, AND the frequently updated website of the selection. YES, that means I sit at work checking the website to see what kind of beers they have each day... They also seem to always carry a large selection of India Pale Ales, IPAs, AKA Tim's favorite beer... Needless to say, after sampling 3,4,5, or 6 different IPAs all around 8-10% alcohol I stumble back to a friends house ranting about all the great hoppy beers I had. *Recently went there and they had the Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA... Very exclusive, a 21% alcohol beer. Yeah. Best part is they didn't increase the price because of the exclusiveness. I've seen the 120 at other bars for $12 for an 8 oz pour... *Also was just there a few weeks ago on a Thursday and it was Flying Dog Brewery day. Like always, they offered 6 different IPAs from Flying Dog in addition to their rotating selection of other beers... Amazing. Definitely check the site to see what breweries they have hosting nights soon, you won't be let down.
Beer - dope. Food - dope. Games - dope. Games are cheap too - only 25 cents to play. Most of the classics are here - Championship Sprint, Zaxxon, Gauntlet, Golden Axe II, Super Mario Bros., Mrs. Pac Man. The acoustics of the place are boom-y due to high ceilings and smooth flooring.
I love me some Barcade, not going to lie.  Seeing my former bank converted into something that I could gleefully throw money at while basking in the glow of vintage arcade games was exciting, and I am thrilled that Barcade found a home here Downtown. Selections = Awesome, and there's always something for everyone.  They also have a full bar if beer isn't your thing, including Michter's Rye. Service = Barcade JC is a high volume establishment, and the barstaff really does a tremendous job considering they're on their feet non-stop for hours on end. Barking at your bartenders or waving money at them will probably not reward you with prompt service, so be nice and they'll be nice, too. If you want a beer quickly, the liquor store/pharmacy across the street is open until 8pm and you can get a 40oz of Ballantine Ale in your very own paper bag. Atmosphere = Weeknights tend to bring out more locals, so if you're looking to hang out without wandering through a sea of unfamiliar faces from Hoboken, consider dropping by on a Tuesday or Wednesday as opposed to a weekend when it's crushed with people from all over. I'm really happy that Barcade Jersey City is contributing to the downtown scene and has already jumped in and started collaborating with area organizations and events to promote the great things we have going on around here.
I dislike the fact that at 10:30pm on Saturday night I'm standing in a line 25+ people deep.  Luckily a group (who must have been waiting a long while) got fed up and left so I ended up getting in quicker.  Considering no other places are open after 11pm in JC means that everyone is now flocking here. Regardless, its cool that they opened something different like Barcade in JC.  We were needing some flair.  I've wanted to go the Barcade in Williamsburg for awhile so I was really looking forward to coming here. I didn't try any of the beer while I was there, but will when I return.  I'm definitely heading there earlier next time.  I saw something crazy about nutella and bacon on their menu.. I'm probably going to be checking back once I check that out.   I enjoyed the music selection, but it was obnoxiously loud in there at times and I couldn't tell if it was just the crowd or the music was too loud.  Games are fun and addicting. Line for the bathrooms was ridiculous, luckily I live three blocks away.  For any of you others that aren't that lucky, get in line when you get your beer.  What? You don't have to go yet?  Don't worry, you'll be happy you are already in line when you have to go.
Good times. This place is a late night vortex of debauchery. (In my glazed eyes). Apparently my name tag was found in the bathroom here (go figure). Ill have to try this place out in the BEGINNING of the night instead of the END. All I'm saying is that my fiance has the patience of a god (if you saw me this night you would understand). PS. I love old school video games.
After you are done eating or socializing at the bar you can enjoy some retro gaming on the various stand up arcade games lining the walls. They have things that will bring you 30 years back and remind you of the good ole' days, of which most of you reading this probably can't relate to because 30 years ago you were just a tickle in your dad's britches. The worst part about going here was the parking situation. I went there on Thursday after work and I got there around 6 and must have cirlced the area for a good 15 minutes before I found something in a shaddy alleyway next to Bon Chon.  This is great for locals but a bit of a drag for those not within walking distance of the bar. Speaking of which, this is a block up from the Path Grove Street train station, so its easily accessible to the NYC folks. Overall this place evokes great nostalgia in a warm comfortable atmosphere surrounded by good people and great beer. The tap list is extensive and I recommend you read the descriptions on the printed sheet or else you might get something that gives you the I just got smacked in the mouth face. The food is good and simple for a quick eat but that's a good thing, this place isn't pretending to be a restaurant, its taking its niche and doing it well. Stay thirsty but stay different!
This place always has a great and unique draft list to choose from. The staff is laid back and has a full knowledge of the beer. It can be crowded on weekends but it doesn't matter because the beer and awesome games make up for it.
Have I really not reviewed Barcade before?  They always have a good selection on tap of some awesome craft beers.  I have not tried the food yet, but the menu looks pretty good.  I'm not a fan of this space at busy times.... it just gets a little to crowded and hectic for my chilling out vibe, but I will usually stop in on my way home from another bar for a quick game of Tapper.  Tapper is the bomb!
I was not surprised by the divey, Hipster vibe in here...do I have to capitalize the 'H' in 'Hipster?' Anyway the vibe was what I expected. Dark, & divey, but not dirty. I was shocked at the beer slecetion. Great variety on tap. I expected Buds and Coors, but instead got Bear Republic and other great craft beers. They have just about every vintage video game an old arcade goer could want as well as a great lunch special on Fridays and Sundays. $10 = beer, sandwich, & chips. Food was decent. Oh, and did I mention? Happy Hour runs til 8pm. One thing I just didn't get...not a tv in the place? Would seem like one or two tvs showing sporting events would certainly not kill the vibe in this place.
A great beer selection here.  The food is pretty good too. It opened up right before I moved back to the SF Bay Area, but it seemed to be pretty popular from the jump.   I never got into the arcade games.  I think it's because my generation were the first ones with the classic arcade games.  I wasn't wild for them then except for Galaga and Tempest.  (See? I was an outlier even then; Google them.)  Basically, I had no interest in trying to play PacMan while buzzed.  I just chose drinking.  For that, Barcade is great because of that great beer selection! Since I like my girlie wheat beers, I was happy trying out new types here.  It's great for that.
A LAME EXCUSE FOR GIVING NJ HIPSTERS A MOCK TASTE OF BROOKLYN... When I first heard that there was a BARCADE in Jersey City, I said - "OH NOOOOO" , another way to validate the hipster-ization of Jersey City and it's competition to best Hoboken, in what NJ city tries harder to be the little suburban brother of New York City. I honestly do not like Jersey, but I have spent years in the armpit of America due to college and the friends I have made and the family that made the plunge to the "other side". Jersey has its gems, such as the Zeppelin Biergarten (I'm sure I've misspelled that), and it has some pretty neat undiscovered dive bars in Newark, and the Ironbound is FOODIE heaven - IF you are in Jersey and love Seafood. When I first went to the Barcade in JC, I was dragged out of the Biergarten, and I was told "you know that place you love in Brooklyn? Well they have one in Jersey now - YAY!" (ok i added the YAY part). The first time honestly didn't count, i was already pretty inebriated, and it was late, and I met an ex, and well... You do the math. SO that didn't count - yes I know I'm ranting. But here's the point... I went on a rainy Sunday, it was not that busy and the staff was for lack of better terms - TURDS! It's as though they really wanted to replicate the Brooklyn attitude and all, either that or they were all on the rag. The staff was crap, the beers were good, but it's  a lot of indie labeled stock, so when asking about the flavor profiles, the staff was just dismissive. THE WORST PART was the food, the food was a GOT-DAMN JOKE! I had nachos, and it felt like I was in that commercial where the guy lied about how he made the pulled pork himself. For $9 I got some commercial tasting pre made pulled pork, with cold nacho chips, processed cheese goo, and a pinch of onions, tomatoes, back olives and jalapenos. On top of that, the staff was on a roll... If you were not conforming to "their ways" and were considered rowdy, they were just throwing people out left and right. With no bouncers, the threats were not taken seriously, and it just led to a lot of back and forth and overall it was amusing... Stay away from this place. If you are in Jersey City, NJ for some reason, head to the Biergaten (their staff sucks too), they at least have a better open environment, decent pub-fare and LARGE steins of your favorite European ales and more!
An actual good beer bar in Jersey City! 24 taps plus one cask. An amazing lineup that it seems will be changed up often. At the bottom of the very useful and descriptive beer list printout is a list of the beers on deck. The space is large and sparse. The music is not too loud and yes there are all those old school arcade games you remember from your youth -- all only a quarter. And they even have a change machine. Opening night for press (and lucky plus ones like me) included cheeses, smoked trout spread and amazing deviled eggs. Apparently they will be serving food but I have no idea what. I'm sure someone will update on that this weekend.
If you look interesting beer, look no further!  The taps change all the time and they are all great.  If you are like me and are not a beer connoisseur, they have handy description guides and the bartenders are really helpful.   The actual bar itself is big and airy with the arcade games on the walls.   Barcade does serve food but it is not your typical bar menu.  I have to admit some of the ingredients I did have to google.   If you are interested in interesting and local beer, this is your place.   Get there early.  It fills up quick.
Barcade Jersey City looks like a bar from the outside, unlike the one in Brooklyn that could be confused for a garage. If it wasn't for the same name, though, you'd think they were two different venues. The Brooklyn Barcade is cramped and tight with games from the late 70s and 80s. The Jersey City Barcade is much more open with many tables to sit and eat at, a menu with various food offerings, and dozens of arcade games spanning from the 70s until the early 90s. (They have The Simpsons arcade game, which was one of my childhood favorites. But sadly, still no Ninja Turtles arcade game.) The beer selection is top notch and I like that it's quiet enough to actually sit down and have a conversation with friends. The Brooklyn Barcade feels more "special" however, for some reason. I don't really see myself going to Barcade Jersey City more than a once every few months.
My boyfriend is obsessed with broccoli rabe. When he heard barcade was serving it on a sandwich he insisted we go. Unfortunately, last night it wasn't on the menu, so we picked the chickpea sandwich instead. After waiting for some time, the manager came over to tell us they JUST ran out of the chickpea sandwich and he was so sorry. Gave my boyfriend a different sandwich and didn't charge him the difference. He ALSO offered us a free round of beers... we almost took him up on it, but decided we wanted to go to Torico's before they closed. Besides, we're in there all the time anyway. Our food was hot and delicious. Love the ever changing drink selection. My boyfriend will probably be in there again before the weekend's up. I've also been doing better at Frogger and Donkey Kong!
Adults, meet your Chuck E Cheese (just with less screaming brats and food poisoning). I love this place. Craft beer, old school arcade games from my childhood and before -- any place with The Simpsons game deserves 5 stars on its own -- and decent prices make for a great bar experience. The best way to describe it is a throwback to the mall days of the 1980s and 1990s. Beers start at about $5, and there's a great rotating selection, so for samplers like myself, you can have a different beer every time. The games are 25-50 cents a pop, so you can get a full night's worth by throwing $10 into the machine. As for food, someone try the Nutella w/ Bacon for me...I'm not kidding, that's on the menu. Keep spending most our lives, living in a hipster's paradise...
Came here twice.  Nice spot. Love the quarter arcade games! Great beer selection. Just tough to get to the bar because it gets crowded.  Definitely going back. Love Tapper.  Staff at bar seemed fair as far as attitude and service.  Bouncer at the door was nice and friendly.
Came here on the Saturday of the Hoboken St. Patty's parade, hoping that the crowd would be small. The neighborhood is pretty decent, and the parking situation was fine that time. We came in around 10pm, about 50% full, you could still get 1 or 2 seats at the bar and possibly a table. The games were about 75% occupied. * Grab a table early on and hold onto it, it will make for a more social experience. The decor is really cool and dark, furniture is dingy but comfortable, and the music is a decent volume some songs were louder than others. I love the fact that the game prices are Sports World circa 1997 and not Dave & Busters circa 2012. (Bergen County-ans will understand the reference) The bartenders are a little abrasive, a friend ordered a "Bud-Light" not knowing the beer situation and the bar tender tossed a menu in his direction and shook his head with extreme dismay, instead of offering a (better) comparable substitute. The bathrooms have alot of writing on the walls, separate bathrooms (4 in total) make for a more expeditious bathroom experience. *Bring a marker so you could write something obscene or inspiring...or both. The prices are reasonable pints from $5-11 i believe, great variety, helpful menu layout. Friend ate the Cubano, said it was awesome. Overall sweet place to come and hangout, it's change of place from other bars. Highly recommended at least once
Great Beer Menu!!! Unfortunately, I'm not to much of a beer kind of gal. I love my vodka.  As I walked into Barcade, I felt like I had stepped into a time machine and I was a little girl again.  Seeing all these amazing old school arcade games brings back tons of memories and it's a quarter per game. Barcade is a great place to bring a large group of friends!  They need to utilize your space more.  Since they have the ability to put out larger tables, I would suggest board games.  Checkers, monopoly, candy land...you get the picture =)  Barcade should also hold a Bingo Night... I would definitely be there! This is a great addition to Jersey City.
Very cool place with a bunch of arcade games from the 80's.  Best part is it's still $.25 to play!  I was brought back to my childhood when I saw Rampage and Double Dragon. I played those for hours with my brother growing up, who has always been better than me at video games. I played those games with my hubby that night and I instantly became addicted again. Rampage and Double Dragon are totally awesome. They have many more arcade games too- at least 30! I feel only someone in their 30's-40's could really appreciate the arcade selection, but there were many 20-somethings hanging out too. Various craft beers are $6-$7 each, minus $1 for happy hour from 4-8pm. Good selection of local/craft beers. They sell local chocolate from NuNu (nomnomnom!) and have plenty of yummy sounding food options.  We tried the salt caramel chocolates and LOVED them. M tried a small meat pie type thing and enjoyed it.  Love the chalk board menus and high score board.  A fun spot in which we will return!
Came here about a year ago with a few friends and had a pretty good time. We came during the week day and it wasn't crowded at all..a lot of dude though. They have a pretty awesome craft beer selection ...majority on draft ..and the bartenders are familiar with what they are serving. They also let you try the beer before ordering one if you are uncertain. The game selection here is also pretty cool. They have like all the old school games and are cheap. I was very excited after I found they have the Simpsons game here...I havn't seen that one in a minute. Definitely not an every weekend go to spot but is a spot you should check out at least once in your life.
I was skeptical as hell when this uber hip, Brooklynite place opened in my hood. Barcade proved me wrong almost immediately. First of all, they have the best music I've ever heard in a bar, anywhere. Even better, there aren't 500 giant TVs that make it impossible to have a conversation. Plus: Excellent beer selection, great games, sure. But most of all the incredible staff, from the owners and managers down to the barbacks, is what sets Barcade apart. The food ranges anywhere from decent to very good (their menu changes a lot so it's hard to make a single assessment). It's funny, because when I first went to Barcade, all I cared about was the games. Now I go for the people, the music and the drinks. Plus, they're in walking distance from my house, so that's cool too.
Hooray for Barcade finally opening! The beer selection is very good, and reasonably priced. Bartenders were indeed a bit slow for the crowd Monday night, but they just opened so I'll cut them some slack. The game selection is good, and they're all a quarter which is awesome. The only bummer is that, as others have mentioned, some of the games are in need of repair on the controls. I don't envy whomever has the task of keeping a whole bunch of 20+ year old games in working order after drunk people beat on them all night. The food is meh and a bit pricey for what it is. It's also trying way too hard to be fancy in a bar that is definitely not. Skip the food at Barcade and grab some noms at any of the other restaurants within a 2 block radius. Assuming they get the bartender thing worked out, and keep the games in working order, I'll probably spend way too much time here this summer. Edit: I let them know (via Facebook) about one of the machines in need of a repairman, and they said it's getting fixed today! So, perhaps rather than whining on yelp about the machines, folks could let the Barcade staff know so they can fix them. It's a crazy idea, I know. Unfortunately, a month later their bar service still sucks even when it's practically empty during the day.
Yay!  Ridiculous selection of beers.  Not really a food destination, except for the jerky.  Go on a brewery night and you'll get to have beers from across a brewery's range, often with hard to find beers and vintage beers.  Totally worthwhile. The arcade games really, really ought to move into the 90s.  The original concept in Brooklyn of 'games that 30 year olds played when they were 15' is GREAT... but time has passed and now it's all games that 40 year olds played when they were 15, which is still cool, but not quite as compelling.  (I do know that this just isn't gonna happen, but I can dream.)
The whole concept of having vintage arcade games and a large beer selection is unique and adds yet another huge draw for people to cross the Hudson in the evenings.  One can never go wrong with arcade games, but the place is definitely understaffed during peak hours on Friday and Saturday evenings and the wait for drinks or finger food is rather long.  The extensive beer list and reasonable $7 beers (average) do, however, more than make up for the service.  Barcade also has hipster vibe that doesn't really appeal to me.  This might be a 5-star place for those who are more offbeat hipster types, but perhaps it's just not for me. The beer selection and consoles are the best part of the place, but the slightly pretentious hipster vibe just rubs me the wrong way whenever I'm here.
I was visiting friends this past weekend in Jersey City and stopped in here for a few beers before heading to the Red Bulls game. They have a nice selection of decently priced craft brews (I was especially happy they had Sixpoint Gemini on tap) and the selection of video games did not disappoint. Service was friendly and the menu looked tasty (Nutella and bacon on toast?!) but I didn't order food. If I lived in the area I could definitely see myself returning on a regular basis.
Meal: Drinks/snack Rationale: Barcade is close to my apartment, and we were feeling depressed having just got off our return flight from Montreal. Let's drink away the pain and enjoy a grilled cheese at the same time. It's on special! Drink/food: Barcade always has great beer. A lot of it. Much of it regional, some of it local. Approve. Also, cheap sandwich pairing special during some time of the day that I don't remember. Even weekends. I'm back in the States. Better put on some pounds if I'm going to fit into this Jazzy Power Scooter. Service/atmosphere: I've never had a problem with service. That there is a beer list floating around allows a better-thought-through decision as well. Very occasionally the crowd makes me feel like I might get beat up, but maybe it's just the occasional heavy metal music giving me irrational anxieties. More often it's less metal and more hipstery. Anyway, this is Chilltown. I might get beat up in Aggressivetown, but not in Chilltown, my home. I like Jersey City. Obviously, points for the interesting theme! But minus some of those points because it's originally from Williamsburg. But more points because Jersey City does it better. Conclusion: Good beer, grilled cheese. Weird games that I'm not confident playing. Haven't been beat up. Good beer. I'll keep going back.
Vintage Video Games, Great Selection of Craft Beers, Great Time All Around! Barcade is a bar/restaurant that hosts an array of vintage video games.  Their website offers a complete list of their current machines at each of their locations (JC, Brooklyn, Philly).  My brother and I enjoyed a Title Run on the WWF wrestling machine, and also pumped some quarters in Punch Out and The Simpsons game.  Each location has different games, so if you have your heart set on one specific game, check there first.   Barcade also offers a nice variety of craft beers.  I like craft beers, so I enjoyed it, but my wife is more of a wine drinker, and they did not have much of a wine selection.  I also don't think they carry much in the way of domestic beers either.  However, they offer a full bar and serve up cocktails, both fancy and standard, all night long.  You shouldn't have too much trouble finding something to drink! I stopped by here on a Saturday night.  The place had a good crowd, not too crowded.  There were plenty of games to entertain the crowd.   I really enjoyed my visit at Barcade and plan to stop by again next time I'm in JC.  I'm also planning on checking out their Philadelphia location.
Barcade is a good place to come on an off night. During the weekend, it gets way to crowded to make it worth a visit. The beer is so so. The beer rotates often - and Barcade has less intimating beers  like "Allagash White" for the non beer drinker to more complex things like "Cricket Head smoked rye".  HOWEVER....most of the beer just seems like filler items on the menu. Don't get me wrong - the selection rotates enough, but no beer stands out enough to make it worthy of a beer visit. The video games make this a fun place though. The food ? Eh.
Great spot!  The Games are anywhere from 25cents to $1 . Theres a large choice of beers to choose from, they start out at about $6 but they're not your typical piss beer like budweiser or coors. Theres also liquor & food. i have yet to try any of the food but id love to.  This place can get PAAAACKED. to where you can't move. There are tables  & chairs but to be honest, its first come first serve and people will hunt you down for a free chair. The music is good and loud! bring your kids! =)
Stop in on Wednesdays after work.  Amazing service, and great beers. Hype.
I was debating on 3 or 4 stars. 4 for the vintage cool video games that brought me back to my youth, but the service is awful. A Brooklyn-y, we are cooler than you so don't ask too many questions kind of vibe from the bartenders. If there was a 3.5 option id choose that. Alas, service is king and a 3 you shall get. Very cool that they don't over charge for video games-everything is a quarter.
This place was okay. I went on a friday night and i'll be honest. It wasn't really my scene. The games were fun and cheap(only 25 cents per game) and the food and beer were okay but the music was so riduclously loud. And it more of a hipster crowd. The music was underground electronic hipster music. After about an hour my group and i bailed out and decided beirgarden was a much better place for us.
Barcade's beer list was awesome and the bartenders were nice and attentive. The beers go for $6 a pint which is pretty good for craft beers. The food was pretty good. We got deviled eggs and they were nice and spicy and flavorful. As well as the beef jerky which was good. Props to the them for running on wind power and committing to going green if that's your thing. they have 4 individual bathrooms which were good and the games are all $0.25 which provides some fun. Music from what i remember was pretty decent. Would go back here again. Definitely better than the barcade in BK
Ah MAY ZING beer menu. And the prices are so reasonable you almost feel bad for paying so little for such excellent beers. If Peculier Pub combined with Aladdin's Castle of my youth, this would have been its gorgeous lovechild. Downside is that they don't really have much to nosh on. But most folks head over to Gypsy Grill for fantastic Turkish fare and I hear when Two Boots opens they will deliver to Barcade...but what of something sweet, my dearest Barcade? Perchance a cookie, cupcake, etc for your adoring patrons?
I planned my friend's bachelor party with this place being the first stop.  I had gone to the Brooklyn one a few times, so I was pretty sure of what I was going to get with this installment.  Not the fanciest place you'll ever come across, but it serves its purpose: if you want to get a few people together to drink a few cold ones and take a trip down memory lane with those 80's arcade games, then this is the spot to check out. Sometimes the games'll give you a hard time (eating quarters etc), other times you'll come across a game with a few free credits on it.  Such is the circle of life. We were there early on a Saturday so we basically had the place to ourselves.  The lunch special is hard to beat (Sandwich, chips, and a beer for 10 bucks). Most of us had their version of the Cuban and it was pretty tasty; having the choice of a wide variety of craft beers as your drink selection was a nice plus, so at least the special gives you some value.  The deviled eggs were especially spicy and tasty For what appears to be a divey-type place at first glance, Barcade gives you good beer and just as good food for a respectable price.
I was in a time warp...back to pre-play station and x-box times...PAC-man and centipede and all those oldie but goody arcade games! 25 cents!!!  YES!!!! The arcade games surrounding the room. The bar has an amazing beer selection!! You can sample them and the friendly bartender can help narrow down the beer you might enjoy based on a few questions he asks you.   The menu is fun...its snacky kind of food but we enjoyed the novelty of it all.   Nutella and bacon sandwich!!! OMG! ..I never seen that on a menu! I would definitely go back when in the mood to enjoy a few unusual beers and play some old time arcade games! (And Nutella )
24 taps of very unique kinds of beer.  Get there early and get the good ones before the kegs are kicked.  Some were actually done before 11.  Stick with a single kind or they will start blending in your mouth and taste funky. 25 cent games.  I am glad that they were only that much.  Most of the joysticks and controllers were not working properly and did not respond to movement.  Bummer.  Play for nostalgia and lose. Fairly decent open space, but I didn't get why they kept a line outside after a certain time.  It was annoying because we were in the bar with plenty of room and they would make our friends wait for 20 minutes. It also took about 20 minutes to get a pint.  Get another bartender guys.
Great beer selection - the only place that can try to beat it is the Zepplin Hall Bier Garden. I tried Harpoon Oyster Stout (brewed with fresh oysters) and it was absolutely delicious, my appetizer was Abita Andygator. The beer selection even  includes New Jersey's Roselle Park brewery with Climax IPA. Thank you, Barcade. The kitchen is open till 12AM, but I was not impressed with the looks of it - pretty small portions. I didn't get the chance to taste anything though cause I was downing stouts all night. Arcade game selections is also pretty sweet, Contra, Super Mario Bros, and Spy Hunter machines. For some reason bartenders double as waiters, (whats up with that?!) Also, prices are kinda New-Yorkish for food and even beer - $6 for 10 oz wine glass (really?) - this is beer, not wine. I really wanna come back and play a couple Contra games...also that Star Wars machine looks like fun. If Barcade gets Kirby's Adventure, or Metal Slug though -  it will be close to heaven.
Beer selection is good. Games are sometimes broken. Crowd is... strange. People get really, really competitive with the games. They need more/better bartenders. And every time I walk by, I see a baby. Beer+kids=good idea? I don't know. Overall, just OK.
Meh experience at best.   So after work I headed there from Manhattan on the path train to meet up with some buddies to drink and have a good time.  So after getting off the Grove St. Path stop - you walk essentially 2 blocks and show up at a corner which says "Barcade" on it.  Cool - i'm used to expensive bars...i'm used to pubs...and "hole in the wall places"  Sorry but this place is just kinda dumpy... I understand having a dark bar - but this place wasn't even dark...it was pitch black!  barely any lights on, the glow from the video games weren't enough to penetrate the mass amounts of people.  Since it was a Thursday night, service seemed pretty slow.  Then i realized why... There was only 1 bartender for the entire bar with 2 barbacks and one cook.  When the place got busy around 9 or so - getting a beer a pretty long time.  Oh and the beers are all locals beers which means - you won't know what you are order.  But, you can ask to try or taste them which helps.  Food is ok - some cheap eats, not sure if the sandwiches are worth it.   Beers are good - but you have to try them out to find out what you like.  I don't recall any of the beers I tried either so...oh well... About the video games - spread out surrounding the outer areas of the room are the stand up consols, each with its own game - pretty much are old 80's games, some even from the 70's.  Cool gimick and the games eat up quaters fast.  Just remember - these games are at least twice as hard as you remember it.   Eh i wasn't impressed by the games - it was an interesting gimick, even playing a few.  Beers were good, but i didn't know any of them and the actual place was kinda dumpy.  Oh yeah - a bunch of hipsters came in, in their skinny jeans and thick glasses and seemed to start taking over.
Barcade brings out the 80s child and craft beer lover in everyone - and by everyone, I mean what seems like everyone aged 21 to 45 in downtown Jersey City.  After years of granting wishes in Williamsburg and the West Village, the cool gods have finally smiled on downtown JC.   Barcade boasts great tasting beers that have impressed even the most elite beer snobs I know, old-school video games (Donkey Kong, Pong, Ms. PacMan, Star Wars, etc), and a large open space conducive to chatting with your girlfriends while your hubbies/boyfriends compete for the high score.   Beers average about $6 and games are just a quarter!  And what can you get for a quarter these days? Haven't tried too much of the food, but the sandwiches look solid (based on description).  The beef jerky was not homemade and it was questionable whether the pickles were (some thought they were; I thought they weren't).  Go for the games and beer and find your snacks elsewhere.
