Chillin @ AltSmoke  on McDougal Street in the West Village- NYC ...I referred 3 woman from Jordan to your lounge. Around 930pm on 9/16/14.They were looking for a place to relax, have cocktails, good middle eastern food, and enjoy a Shisha! (hookah) Hope they Enjoy! From: Stephanie
Came here for a birthday celebration. Birthday girl picked it. Most likely for her husband since the men enjoyed it more than we did lol. Reservation was for 10. We were given a table for 7 with a separate table for the other 3. Ummm. Hmmmm. I guess since we arrived later, we sat at the separate table like we did not belong to the same party. Needless to say that put a little damper on our night. Birthday girl wasn't happy about that. We ordered 3 bottles of wine, some cocktails, appetizers and entree. Grilled octopus was ok. When it arrived it was covered in arugula. You literally have to dig through it to get to the octopus. It was ok. The hummus, babaganoush and another trio served with pita was great. I recommend getting that. My grilled scallops was ok, it also came covered with arugula. Not a great presentation. Bf got the grilled whole fish with a side of their rice. The Branzino was perfect . Moist and seasoned well. Service is horrible. Given we're  a pretty big party. I would think as a waitress she had devised a system on handling big orders like ours. I guess not. She had her paper and wrote down our orders. Repeated it. And then came back to verify our order according to our seating. When the appetizers came, our orders were set at the other end of the other table. It was all over the place. We asked for another bowl of pita. Again they bring it to the other end of the other table. And after repeating our entree orders quite a few times, she comes to my bf to say she thought he wanted the salmon instead of the Branzino. Only redeeming factor about that booboo was that he was happy about the fish. Other than that, she's a ditz! #sorrynotsorry. To make matters worse, we paid with 5 credit cards and cash. Not our fault that she took the cash and did not swipe all 5 cards we gave her. She came back to our group, complaining about her tip. With her service everyone thought 15% is enough for her crappy service. She couldn't explain herself well and we were under the impression that our bill was paid in full and we gave her a decent amount of tip. She left our table slamming the pitcher of water she was holding down the table. The manager came and sorted it all out for us. And she never came back. For over $100 per person, that night wasn't worth it. I will never ever pick this place for anything in a million years. 2 stars for the whole fish. Minus a million for service. PS. If you did not heed my warning and still came to this place and you get the waitress who cannot describe their food other than "it's to die for", ask for someone else.
Oh dear. What a failure. I will make this brief as the food is totally unmemorable We arrived on a sat night at 9pm and couldnt help notice 2 things. Firstly how nice the place is but secondly how empty. Obviously the latter is a bad sign for somewhre on a sat night in the west village. We decided to opt for the a la carte menu as other reviews had mentioned the prix fix wasn't worth it. The waiter offered us some mixed appetizers.  Big mistake.  Each one came with one piece of pitta despite us being a table of 5 Its now 10 pm and we enquired about the belly dancer. She is late was the repsonse. Brilliant so lots of dips and nothing to dip with and one absent belly dancer. Now the entrees. The server suggested lamb chops as being the most popular dish and their speciality. Ok 29 bucks ain't bad but  none of the entrees come with a side , not even a slight garnish so we order a stack of sides. The lamb chops come arrive and what were supposed to be medium rare are extremely well done and charred. When they do cone back out  with med rare ones 15 mins later all the sides have already been eaten or gone cold. But the manager assures me of some rice.  Of course this never came. Finally a belly dancer appears for 2 mins and then sadly she dissapears again. The bill arrives and we nearly fall off our seats as its ridiculously expensive for really average food . I will give this place stars for decor and bathrooms only. Live and learn .
Amazing! Beautiful decor and ambiance. Had my best friends bachelorette here on a Saturday night and everything was perfect. From the rose petals on table, to the belly dancers to the yummy food.  Pure sexiness all the way! Luis was fantastic and attentive. Our server Mario was a perfect gentleman that never left us waiting on anything! Would highly recommend planning a party here!
Great decor and that's pretty much it. Service is non-existent, it felt like it was everybody's first day on the job. Food is nothing special and belly dancing is a step away from a cheap strip tease.
Awesome grub at a hidden gem on Charles St.  The drinks are a little pricey than I'd prefer but then again this Chic NYC and the ambiance makes up for it.  The food is amazing!  Nice chill spot.  Keep it up...
It seems like a nice place but it only seems that way.. There is no depth or redeeming qualities what so ever. They fight you every step of the way here. They go out of their way to be totally unwelcoming.  The owner must be a total clown to allow this business to be so bad. Thank go we found Employees Only right around the corner . Now that place knows what a quality and welcoming environment is all about.  I am looking forward to hearing the good news that this place is going out of business.
5 stars for the ambience.... The most romantic place I have even seen in NY. You could easily cuddle up and enjoy a fantastic meal.You have to go there to believe it. Though I was here to celebrate a friends promotion. We had champagne and hookah... The belly dancers were good. I would love to go back with my bf for a cosy dinner but I Dint see much vegetarian on the menu which is what is holding me back!
Great place for special occasions, parties or just to gather w friends. Have thrown incredible fundraisers, birthday parties and company events there. A true home away from home.
Really cool venue - nice big bar area and large amount of seating in the back.  Enjoyed trying a few items on their drink list - and super friendly bartenders who new exactly what to recommend.  They have great dishes that are perfect for sharing as well.  I didn't realize they have hookah there too - will try that on my next visit! And ladies with stilettos watch out - the bar area has a grass floor!  Gotta check it out though ....
Went there on a friday night. I expected it to be noisy and crowded since it is in the city but to my surprise, it was pretty empty. The inside of this restaurant had a dark classy/fancy environment. There were chandeliers hanging from the ceiling and the floor had indoor grass. I didnt like that much because i was wearing heels and the glass felt wet. The bathrooms were very classy as well with chandeliers. The overall decor of the place is very nice, maybe a little more light would make it a bit nicer. When it comes to the food, i ordered there chicken shish kebab and a side of sautéed veggies. The order took forever to come, but  i enjoyed my glass of wine and the belly dance show during my wait. The dancer was very talented and even did sone crazy dance moves with a bunch of candles. She literally had a big plate with lit candles and was dancing with it on her belly, her legs, her head omg crazy Finally the food came and that chicken kebab was soooo good! It was two pieces of chicken it was so tasty so tender, superb! Then the side of sautéed veggies complemented the chicken and it really made up for the long wait to get served. Oh i must also add the hookah was horrible!!! And they only have one flavor. ( double apple)
Loved the venue, food, and hookah. The scallops were giant and amazing, the hummus and pita were great, grape leaves were also tasty. Hookah was expensive but a nice end to the meal. The lemonata cocktail was amazing! Minus one star because the waitress kept trying to upsell us--hard--to the point of annoyance.
Casa La Femme is an Egyptian restaurant in the Western edge of Greenwich Village. What sold me was the fact that the floors are covered by actual grass, which they have in spring and summer and replace weekly. Having my shoes off and sitting on grass made me feel like sitting at an outside bar at a country club. Once or twice per night they have a belly dancer who was nice and super interactive. The waitresses were friendly and explained some highlights of Egyptian food, which I enjoyed. The decor is luxurious and attracts a few cheesy guests who could have starred in A Night at the Roxbury, but the place is great.
I took my bf here for a birthday celebration. I called days earlier and booked seat with the canopy over, i literally arrived 5 minutes late and they gave my spot to someone else. The decor is very nice and unique, very themed and music was nice. The food was amazing excellent except for the main entree the chicken wasn't cooked well enough & my pita bread was hard and not fluffy like another reviewer posted. Price: VERY HIGH! Especially the drinks. The bellydancer: She was okay, i've seen better.
Three of us went on a Wednesday evening. Beautiful setting, quiet, with delicious food and very attentive, quick service. Two of us are vegetarians, and we had hummus, babaganoush and fuul medames with sesame pita, grape leaves, baked baby peppers and phyllo pastries for mazzas and appetizers. And for our main course, we had vegetarian moussaka. All dishes were excellent. (Another reviewer said they only got one piece of pita for 5 people, but we got 4 pieces for 3 of us.) Our companion was Egyptian. She had the molokhya (a green leaf soup) and the chicken. She liked both but didn't think they tasted traditional.  She approved of the pita and other mazzas. We all shared the dessert plate, with baklava (a couple chocolate covered ones as well) and two other desserts. We had already eaten too much to really appreciate the desserts, and I didn't really care for the baklava. I look forward to returning to this lovely restaurant. The food was wonderful, and there is so much variety for a vegetarian/vegan.
Overall disappointing experience. It took them 30 min to seat us even though we had reservations and there were so many empty tables. The wait staff is thoroughly confused as to which table they're waiting on. Only had appetizers (which were good) and wine with hookah, so can't speak for the main course. The place is nice, but you're definitely not fully getting your money's worth here.
I have very mixed feeling about my experience at Casa La Femme. TLDR: Good food, fun vibe but terrible service. Positives: Food is very tasty. Five of us started with hummus, babaganoush and zabadi yogurt which were all great - served with large warm pieces of pita. Then we split moussaka and a vegetable tagine - both flavorful. The side of mushrooms was my favorite dish - tender, juicy and absolutely delicious. The space is huge and very cool. The front bar area is funky with grass on the floor, open air almost like a terrace setting. The back of the restaurant has lots of seating with "tents" lined along the wall. Loud music pumping, very crowded and has a party vibe. Negative: We received really really bad service from an extremely snobby waitress. We went here for a bachelorette dinner with reservations for a regular table but they seated us in a tent where it's a mandatory 4 course pre fixe. We weren't that hungry so when we asked if we could just order from the regular menu, the waitress gave us a really hard time about. "Tents are pre fixe only, everyone has to order from this menu, I don't think we can sit you at a regular table here, maybe just in the front bar area blah blah" We had reservations so only after we spoke to the hostess did the waitress magically have a regular table ready for us. (It was only 6pm super early for NYC dining so the place was pretty much empty) Like I said, we weren't very hungry so we decided to split a bunch of dishes and that was when the service took a serious turn. Our waitress literally rolled her eyes at us when we ordered making snide comments such as "That's it? Well, if you think so. That won't be enough but whatever..." And then when we didn't order any drinks, she said "you're not drinking?! Come on really? Aren't you out for a party??" and rolling her eyes again. WOW. Just wow. Who was she to criticize us for splitting dishes and not wanting to drink at that time? Not that it's any of her business and we didn't need to justify our order but we already have been pre-gaming with drinks and snacks before. We wanted to take a break before partying the rest of the night. She was mad because we weren't spending enough so she could get a bigger tip. It was ridiculous as she was extremely friendly with other large tables - even holding another customer's baby. She never came to check on us, even when we were missing a dish, never refilled our water. It was as if our table didn't exist. It made for an extremely disappointing dinner. Servers should treat all table with the same courtesy no matter how much or little they spend. On our way out, we stopped to talk to the manager who was very apologetic. He took my friend's phone number to speak to her privately another time, said sorry a bunch of times and hooked us up with a free bottle of champagne and hookah. I'm glad the manager was responsive to us but am not sure if he went to speak to the waitress right away or at all (it was very busy by that point) Therein lies the mixed feelings, I enjoyed the food and it is just one waitress and the manager was responsive but I can't get over how rude she was. And in a city with so many restaurants, it doesn't make me want to head back there.
Good ambience... Cool sitting arrangement.
Awesome atmosphere! and thought the staff was great!  I will definitely come back!
Cool atmosphere.   Great service and very tasty food.  The octopus was wonderful.  Go on a date or with friends.
Came here to celebrate a wonderful bday for a special person. Combine tasty dishes, a dash of savory drinks, and a pinch of a beautiful belly dancing show - what more could we have wanted?! The decor was very...mediterranean/middle eastern. Beautiful colored glass, lamps and chandeliers hanging, and patterns reminiscent of Istanbul. The slightly dim ambience would make it great for personal getherings, or a date experience. You have the option of staying int the front/bar area, with access to views of the sidewalk, or settle in on one of the dining tents in the back. The staff was accomodating and attentive. It's rare that I find myself not having to ask for our tables glasses to be refilled; Service was definitely at another level. The glasses of wine and mimosas were a welcome thirst quencher. With the level of attention and detail, the staff never missed a beat. The food was exquisite and delicious. From the hummus and baba ghanouj appetizers, to the salmon and lamb main courses, and the desserts - filled to the brim with food and laughter, the experience was more than I had expected. This is defintiely, now, one of my favourite restaurants in the city.
3.5 star will do it justice. Went here Friday night with few friends for drinks and dinner. I was impressed as I walked in. The place is huge and gorgeous. They have done a great job decorating it so well. Until our table was ready, we hung out in their pretty spacious bar with the friendly bartender. I ordered a dirty martini and my friends got negroni and the house special cockails from their elaborated cocktail list. We were given a choice of sitting in their private booths with prefix menu, but we decided to decline that offer. We got a bottle of tempranillo the bartender reccomended for the table. It was pretty delicious. The food was definitely not cheap compared to the taste and portion they served. The servers weren't the most attentive either. They missed out on one of our main course items and didn't bring it out until the rest of the table was done eating. For appetizers, we got the babaganoush and Goulash bil Gibnah. They were mediocre. The Tagine Alexandria was pretty good, but hardly any seafood. They had branzino for fish of the day, that was delicious. Two of my friends got the 'Riash Mashway'(the lambchops). This dish arrived extra late, but they looked like they enjoyed it. The belly dancer on the other end was pretty entertaining. I even got up and danced with her for a min. The place was nice enough to check it out once, but I do not plan to make another trip.
Had a memorable night here with some of closest friends. Upon walking up to the entrance, right away you get the sense you are walking into a elegant place. The front bar was very inviting while a bunch of us waited for the rest of the group to show up. No complaints at all on the drinks, food, or service. Being middle-eastern and having been to many similarly themed restaurants all over NJ and NYC, I can say the belly dancers and the overall experience here does not disappoint with a great vibe all around. We even got comped tequila shots from the owner toward the end of the night which was pretty unexpected!
Stumbled in Cafe La Femme after walking a long, hot day in NYC. What initially appealed to us is the fresh, bright green sod (yes, grass) that was laid throughout the restaurant. We also love Mediterranean food. So we kicked our shoes off and sat in the cool open-air, on welcoming chairs with fluffy pillows to have appetizers which were fresh and delicious and served by a very friendly staff. Based on this short experience, I'm a fan.
I must start by acknowledging the fact that this restaurant has the sexiest vibe imaginable. The decor is so ornate and there is so much attention paid to every detail.  The bathroom was even gorgeous, with floor to ceiling walls plastered with hand laid stones.  I hear in the summer the open the front up and bring in sod so it's like the bar area is actually atop a plush green lawn. Oh, and did I mention there's a belly dancer?  Like I said, sexiest vibe ever.... hot date? first date? need a lil' help to get that bow-chika-wow-wow?? This is your spot. The food's pretty good.  I happen to be a fan of Middle Eastern food, and I really enjoyed it.  For the most part it's simple and traditional, nothing too innovative and creative, so while I find myself unable to rave about it, I do want you to know that it is very enjoyable and skillfully prepared. I look forward to my next visit! :)
This review is only for drinks and the bar experience. We needed a place to hide from the rain and this place sheltered us. The drinks were around $15 and pretty well made. The cool thing about the bar was the ground was lined with actual grass and there was a belly dancer walking around to keep the crowd entertained. I believe the dining room had swings and I can see this being good for an intimate gathering. All in all it was a 3 in my book.
This is a review that should have been made sooner. I visited this spot almost a year back so things may have changed. About a year back, I went here for a girl's night with my lovely roomies. We had made reservations of the white tents. Ambiance: Sultry, sexy, swanky Drinks: exotic, delicious but pricey. Entertainment: This is where it gets its' most stars. The belly dancer from that night. OMY. She was so damn good. If you come here make sure there is belly dancing going on! She really got the crowd going! Seating: here's where it loses the point. I had specifically inquired about the white tent. All that entailed was told to me. But upon arrival I was informed that EACH member of the party apparently had to do a prix fixe.  So in a group of four if three people are doing a prix fixe and one isn't that is not allowed. Thus we weren't given the tent. See I think that was ridiculous. That tent would have easily been given to a couple. We had at least 2 people out of our group of four ready to do a prix fixe! So instead we seated at a regular table which I begrudgingly have to admit was a fairly nice alternative. Food: It's tasty. But portions are small. So keep it in mind. HOOKAH: is served here! $35 practically no flavor options. BUT it is served here! I have to say we loved the experience at this place. We knew we'd have to part with a pretty penny that night but that was the whole plan anyways. A night of awesome fun and a little indulgence. It was great! P.s. it's also a great date spot. Anniversary. Those private tents really are romantic and amazing.
As most other reviews here, there is a mixed feeling. Positives: First off, the bar area was beautifully decorated, real grass on the ground, and cool intament seating areas.  The sights, sounds, and smell of the Resturant tells you you're not in Kansas anymore. As we were being seated the belly dance began the entertainment. She was great getting the guest to be part of the Fun, fun, fun. The food was very good. We shared the octopus salad. The octopus was cooked to perfection, not chewy at all. The dressing complimented the arugula and blended the flavors very we'll. My friend ordered the lamb, but also had to order a side since it did not come with the meal.  She said the lamd was delicious after 10 minutes of waiting for the tazenie sauce.  I got a vegetable stew that paired well the couscous. It wasn't to bad. Would I order that again, meh.  Okay, the las few sentances we're not to positive I know, but it leads us into where improvements can be made. Others:  I hate saying negative because there is always room for improvement. Service! OMG! Service, service, service! 10 minutes on water,  and forget about getting that glass of water refilled. For the conviant of the staff and guest, leave a carafe of water at the table! Still we haven't ordered. 15 minutes after the waters arrived we tried placing our order, with the water boy. Okay, now we're getting hungry and agitated. So he runs off to get the server.  She takes our order and brings us another drink. 20+ minutes later, we had to ask if we where ever going to eat. Sine I was seated facing the curtains where the food was coming out of, I noticed the kitchen manager would come out every few minutes with plates looking confused to where the server is or where the dishes were to go. To make this short, they are short staffed, untrained (water boy who gets distracted), and where is the manager? Oh, BTW, the tazenie sauce my friend asked for, $8 crazy dollars that was served in a small shallow sauce bowl ( the size you pour the soy sauce in at the sushi Resturant). So, if you decide to try this out, beware! Do not go with an empty stomach. Do drink a lot so you don't notice your food taking ages to get to you. Last, but not lease, enjoy the entertainment with your alcoholic beverage for a good time.
Rose! Rose! Rose! That great hostess turned what could have been a disaster into the best night in a very long time. We made the reservation for 8 with her the week before. When three of us arrived together, someone else "helped" us and found no record of the reservation. "No problem," she says, "just sit at the bar (NOT in view of the belly dancers), and when everyone is here we'll seat you." Pet peeve: other people saying NO PROBLEM when it IS a problem. Minus one star for that! After a bit of masculine whining, we got a table just down a short set of stairs from the dancers. Better, but it was a real neck strainer seeing the action. Then comes Rose! "Hey you guys," she says, "come on upstairs where the action is." She gets us a table in the main room, the belly dancer comes over and it's all uphill from there. Rose wasn't even mad because the other 5 people I'd promised didn't show. It is a great place. The belly-dancing is just the icing on the mid-Eastern cake. The food was delicious. We had the seafood tagine... which wasn't served in a tagine, There were only two GIANT shrimp, but the seasoning was perfect. Likewise we had the pita with various toppings, all excellent. On the pricey side (cost us $60 each with no wine (only beer), and only one main course. But the food and service were excellent. It was excellent. Plus, there was ROSE!!! --Drink Club NYC is a roving group of NY drinkers. A different bar every week.
It was the perfect night for a group of 7 girls... We had an amazing waitress that I should say, me as a business owner should be promoted to manager, as she knows her clientele and knows how to deliver. Her name is Imene, ask for her and I hope you get her. Food was great, many options make your palate crave everything and all I tasted was delicious, had the calamari salad and some kofte( lamb) as appetizers, delicious, my entree was the lamb chops and they were 4 in my plate 3 extremely tender and well cooked, one chewy, not everything is perfection, drinks are reasonable and tasty, mangotini was the drink of the night... Now the dancer, she is a professional belly dancer extremely talented... Go for the show.... I would recommend this place to all my friends... thanks for the great night.
Ive been to a lot of middle eastern places but this tops them all! Casa le Femme is a dining experience. The decor is what I would describe as  Arabian Night Glamor with chandeliers, cabanas, cushion seating on the ground and a floor covered in real grass. Definitely a splurge for my budget but especially great for a date or special occasion.  Fun extras such as  belly dancers and hookahs. For food recommend the sampler with baba ganoush and hummus..ask for extra veggies..i have yet to get an entree but look forward to it. The service is a bit on the slower side but with such a great ambiance and a nice staff it's forgivable
I have mixed feelings about this place as I remember the UES location from years back. My visit here was my first to a CLF in several years and I was disappointed in the food. Years ago there was a delicious fish dish cooked in a clay dish, now gone from the menu and most importantly, years ago the stuffed pepper appetizer was an actual full size red pepper. Cut to now where it's 3 miniscule peppers the side of jalapenos with rice in them - definitely not the same, super cheap on the restaurants part and IMO, robbery for $10. It's beautiful inside, same tents, same belly dancers, but the music is way too loud, even when the dancer isn't performing, to carry on a convo. So to sum up, bring back the real stuffed peppers please!
Awful service, mediocore food and really tacky decor.
This place is SO far (and expensive). I was coming from Midtown and after walking a good 15 mins, I was contemplating on turning around and taking my butt home. Once I finally arrived, I was blown away by the venue. It was absolutely GORGEOUS! I had an appetizer and a drink -- I wasn't blown away by either of them. I'm thinking Casa La Femme is hype more than anything else.
A completely amazing experience. We came here for 11th wedding anniversary and from the time we entered the door we were treated like royalty. I love the prefix menu because it allows you to choose from among a wonderful group of food types. We are adventuresome eaters  and we allowed the waiter Joseph, to choose our meal for us after giving us his top choices. This is a restaurant that must not be overlooked. If you miss this place you are truly missing out on an incredible meal and dining experience.
I have no idea why this place gets any decent reviews at all. Have New Yorkers forgotten what food is supposed to taste like? This place is awful. I came here for a birthday party for an 8.30 reservation but they sat us early (which turned out to be bad because the belly dancer doesn't actually start until 10pm). The service was slow and the dancer came over for a total of 30 seconds to collect a dollar at the end of the dinner. The entertainment was not worth it. The food was one of the worst meals I've had in a long time. First, let me start with the fact that they MAKE you get a pre-fix menu for parties of (6?) and more. The bill came to over 100 dollars a person for HORRIBLE food. Second, do NOT get items that are marked up extra on the menu. For example, why did I pay 5 dollars extra for a chewy rubbery borderline inedible octopus? Why did I pay extra for dry/fatty lamb chops? Some in our party got "well-done" salmon which came out medium with a gallon of salt pored all over it. I don't even want to mention dessert because it was gross. This was a god awful experience. What made the matters worse is this meal made me violently ill. PLEASE skip this and go somewhere with good food.
Great ambiance and decor! food is spectacular too. Great for dinner with friends since the music is loud and fun. Belly dancer can also be fun depending on your group. Private cabana tables are not always worth it cause the one I had made us feel secluded from the fun, but other than that it was great! Food is also great - but portions are small so order accordingly. Overall, You won't be disappointed! One star off for our secluded seating and the music being a little too loud for a family dinner.
Casa La Femme has a cool ambiance, great for dates or large groups.  Drinks and food are over priced for sure.  The belly dancer and music brings a neat vibe.  For me, it was a one time experience but for the price of food and drinks, I would not make an additional trip back given the amount of places to eat in NYC.  Docked a star for food being okay vs. good for the price point.
Beautiful decor, good service, belly dancers, and you can smoke hookah while having din. 1) Hummus-- okay 2) Babaganoush-- good 3) Fuul medames(puréed fava beans)-- okay 4) Mousaka-- good 5) Tagine khodar-- good 6) Roz Bil Molokhya(rice cooked with green leaf soup)-- very good 7) Peasant salad-- okay
I came here for my birthday last night with my boyfriend. I had ordered the lamb chops and my boyfriend had the moussaka for our entrees. I enjoyed the food, the lamb chops were delicious with great flavor. Overall from appetizers to entrees everything tasted great. SERVICE however needs great help. The busboy or whoever poured water into our glasses as we sat down, spilled water all over the table getting it onto my bag and phone. No apologies were made so I'm assuming he did not notice. Halfway into our entree and my side still had not arrived, I spoke to the waiter about it after finally getting his attention and he said they had forgotten to bring it out. "Good call" he says, when that is his job to realize. Upon paying our check, some lady who I'm assuming to be one of the managers, picked it up and asked us if we would like our change back. My boyfriend and I were dumbfounded. That is a ridiculously improper question to ask your guests, you simply just bring the change.. it's basic etiquette. And of course, the cherry on top, as we exited there was no one to even provide a simple "Thank you, enjoy your evening" because they were talking amongst themselves instead. I've been looking forward to this evening at Casa La Femme for two months, such a shame to have been so disappointed. "Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." -Bill Gates
Absuloutly amazing good, and service was great. I really appreciated the whole middle eastern decor. The bar is absolutely fabulous! The price fits the place, pricey but well worth it. Will def be going there again.
This place is sooooooo pretty! Packed with super hot people! The food is great! Try the pre-fix menu for a private seating area with fresh flowers all around. The food here is delicious.... The free range chicken is to die for! The prawns are amazing but they come with the head on them.... Ewww!  romantic!
The space is incredible. The decor is so beautiful. It possesses true Moroccan decorum and feel. It felt very warm and inviting. The staff was very genuine and helpful. The food was delicious. We really enjoyed the moussaka dish, which was incredible. Our server was super sweet and adorable. She took our pictures and gave helpful tips. We will definitely return again. My birthday dinner was a special experience.
Absolutely beautiful restaurant. I mean really, the decor...over the top gorgeous. So ornate. Rose petals and mirrored chandeliers up the wazoo! Not as busy as it should be, which may be a good thing when trying to make reservations. Beautiful belly dancers put on a show, and the tasting menu is a great value! I happen to be an Octopus fiend and let me tell you, the Octopus is incredible here! Have been here a couple times for my engagement and my fiancé's 30th, each time with large groups and it worked out very well. Cute little cabana style seating makes for a very intimate night if you so-choose!
Excellent atmosphere with romance lingering in the air.  Well decorated and fully packed on a Saturday night.  That's what should be expected on a weekend in NY It was my best buddy's birthday.  We celebrated with good food and good drinks.   I heard the bar was doing a 10% donation to a good cause.  My best buddy will be running a 5 day marathon from New York to Washington.  Here's to you!  Chi-ching for your charity group!
I've been here twice now--both times with groups of friends.  I have to say I would definitely go with the prix fixe meal!  You get 4 courses and it's way cheaper than ordering a bunch of entrees and apps.  The decor is stunning!  I love the belly dancers and the service was great both times!  The one time I ordered a la carte, the food was delicious but the portions were small.  The first time when I got the prix fixe meal, I loved it! There was plenty of food!  The hummus and starters are delicious.  The food does not disappoint!  I want to bring my hubby back to this place!  I would def recommend coming here!  It's an awesome experience!
I love Casa La Femme. Perfect for a romantic date. Service is amazing and the ambiance brings you out of New York and into Egypt. (I've never to been to Egypt lol). Awesome Belly Dancers to entertain you. Very enjoyable for groups as well.
I pretty much loved this place! It looked beautiful, stylish & expensive. The staff was not only nice, but also extremely cooperative!!! The food was very very tasty. My mouth was very happy... This place is a go for Gluten Free Vegatarians! They also had a belly dancer entertaining us during dinner. Man at my table were quite excited lol I give it 5 stars as it fully deserves it!!!
Fabulous place ! I like the decor, attentive service, exotic ambiance. It is a perfect place to celebrate a birthday party, girls night out, and date. love it.
I came here totally spontaneously and really enjoyed it! I was in NYC for a conference and had some time to the kill in the evening. A fellow conference attendee was in the same boat, so we walked around and decided to try this restaurant for an early dinner. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the atmosphere -- it was pretty quiet and simply but elegantly decorated; I particularly noticed the round mirrors that reminded me of portal windows on a boat. it was like i was in a different world. it was spectacular. im coming back.
Had a great time at this restaurant.  The hosts were very attentive.  We had the prix fixe menu.  Food was tasty, chicken for me, prawns for my wife.  The appetizer pita bread and spreads were fresh and delicious.  Dessert was average. The belly dancer after 9pm added some excitement to the evening. We had a private "tent" and it did feel private, but not detached from the ambience which was good. It was a bit pricey but we had a good time.  We will go back!
Casa La Femme  - three stars because service was TERRIBLE!!!! Amazing decor! Good food. Drinks good - wine menu very selective. Alittle disappointed because I enjoy wine) Again service TERRIBLE.  The dessert menu wasn't offered to us, and we had to chase down the waitress for our bill. The tent we were seated was very dark, and didn't have a chandelier (horrible).  We couldn't see our food, and had to ask for additional candles and use our phone as light.   Not sure if I will go back.... Oh and our waters were not refilled often....TERRIBLE too.
Great drink menus, good hookah and the most beautiful bathrooms I've ever seen! :) They open up the main windows in the front and the fresh breeze comes in and all of the shears softly away. Hope to get here again some day!
Our server was great but $8 for flat/tap water... is that even legal?  Dip with your pita bread?  that will be $8 PER DIP!  what a joke.    There was a push bike at one of tables, there were empty/dirty plates on another table... Management needs to wake up to themselves.  Hopeless.  Definitely wont recommend to anyone.
My 3 stars are for decor and entertainment. This place has a great atmosphere with moderate volume music in the background and comfortable cushioned chairs. Though the belly dancers don't come out often, when they do, they are beautiful and friendly and well worth the wait! We had a birthday boy in the group and she spent a good few minutes dancing with him and taking photographs with us! So why the lack of stars? The service, though it seemed friendly at first, was terrible. The waiters seem to have a deal for people who have special birthdays or events because then you'll get a small discount on the pre-fix menu. However, we arrived at 8:30 and didn't leave till 11. Our waiter completely disappeared on us for a good half hour. Instead his focus was on the huge table next to him. Our water wasn't filled until two hours after we sat down, and the food came out 45 minutes after the appetizer. Dessert took another 45 minutes after the table was cleaned. When it came to the bill we asked two times, and in return they asked US 3 times "did you get the bill yet?"  How strange!  After we got up ready to leave the waiter leaned over the balcony to the center of our table to reach the bill. I would give less stars but I don't think it would be fair to base the reviews on 1 or 2 waiters. My suggestion is to teach the waiters a little more manners and customer service quality and I'm sure the reviews would be better rated. Oh, the food itself is okay. We each ordered different appetizers and entrees to get a sense of the food overall. The chicken is really juicy and the beef appetizer is flavorful. Other than those two the others didn't stand out.
For any body to say this food is bad. Your not a real foodie. This food was so good. And I did feel things that could of been change but over all. The food and service was great. And yes I could see if it's a crazy night here it may take a long time. That's what's good about a place like this!  Don't rush just enjoy life and food. I'll be back. With the food gang.
Incredible atmosphere! Celebrated my best friends birthdays here. Ladies night group of 8! The food is absolutely amazing!!!! I will definitely be back.
I came here last Saturday with some friends and had an amazing time. This was my first time at a hookah place and it was such a different but great experience. Everything started off with the beautiful decor. It makes you feel like you are somewhere exotic. The music created a relaxing vibe and set the tone for the rest of our experience. Our server Travis was also very thorough and honest. He wasn't like other servers that love to push the most expensive items on the menu. Rather he listened to what we wanted and made excellent suggestions. He also recommend great cocktail choices and bottles of wine. Dejon made some excellent cocktails too. The food was honestly great. Hummus was excellent. I had the lamb chops that were honestly exquisite. Everyone else also enjoyed all their plates. The hookah lasted pretty long so that was also a bonus. I love to go out to eat, but most importantly the service also makes the experience and I'm glad we got the waiter we did. We pay to have good food and a great experience. So overall: the food was devine, service was on point, and the experience was unforgettable.
We went to this place when they were still in midtown. We loved it. We went with the prefixed dinner and got one of those private tables with the drapes. Candle lit and romantic beyond words. The food is middle eastern so if you have never had this type of food it has alot of spices. We loved it. Now the service is completely awful so be prepared for that, but I think the food makes up for it so my review is judged solely on the food not the service. I don't believe in giving a place 1 or 2 stars because the service was off and they didn't kiss your ass. Remember your there for the food and the ambiance not the waiters.
I was here for the tail end of a day-long bachelorette party that started with a trip to several Long Island vineyards. By that time, I was pretty tired and had had my fill of drinking. But I was pleasantly surprised by the vibe of this restaurant/ lounge. I'd be lying if I said I could remember exactly what I ate because truth be told, the bachelorette party was a few years ago. What I can remember vividly was the enchanting decor that made me feel like I was Egypt, leisurely dining on yummy food (I think I had the tagine, but again I'm not positive) while enjoying some fun entertainment. As a latin and ballroom dancer myself, I have a deep appreciation for all types of dance. And since I did at one point begin taking belly dance classes (until my salsa instructor told me it would interfere with her teachings, but that's another story), I was all the more enthralled by the beauty with which Casa La Femme's dancers executed what I consider to be one of the most beautiful dances there is. I had mentioned the vibe earlier. It's difficult to put into words, except to say that your time at Casa La Femme will be a sensory experience from the moment you walk in. In the main dining room, the central seating area sits on a slightly sunken level, with a large fire pit serving as the focal point of the whole restaurant. Flanking this area on an elevated level are tables partially covered in organza-white tents, with hand-laid glass tiles on the floors and authentic Egyptian woodwork adorning the walls. The restaurant is filled with the smells of herbs and meats cooking, and though your dining companions are obviously super fun people, you'll enjoy the distraction when the music is pumped up and those dancers get out into the dining room, engaging men and women alike to create a communal sense of celebration. The one thing that marred my experience had nothing to do with the restaurant - I somehow managed to totally get screwed into paying $100 in a table of, like, 10 girls, even though I had an appetizer and entree with no drinks at all. Again, not the restaurant's fault, but when I do return, I'll be paying with cash ... and going with a smaller group.
Just because it's NYC, it doesn't mean you can get off with taking advantage of people. Maybe that wasn't their intent, but it sure felt like it. 1. They don't list their drink prices, but that vodka soda w/ mango and lime will run you $16. 2. Glass of wine, at least $14. 3. And the appetizer the bartender suggests? $25.  They got us on the app, but we asked about the drink prices, then we made for the doors... should have done it sooner! Sorry, the people were nice and seemed to be stuck in a bad place... but, Casa La Femme = Casa la Suck.
Had the amazing opportunity to come here for my birthday last August (late review) but I had to post something because this place is simply wonderful. My best friend brought me here on a rainy Wednesday evening as a surprise. The ambiance is gorgeous, and staff was friendly and welcoming.  There were shag carpets and palm trees throughout the bar area and the furniture was very chic and worldly. I truly felt like a Middle Eastern princess! Most places make up for not-so-great food with a chic ambiance but Casa La Femme had the total package. My friend and I had dinner from a prefixe menu. We received a spread of various hummus flavors and fresh, hot pita bread as an appetizer along with some type of home made sausage and grilled octopus (delicious!). For dinner I had the lamb which was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. There was also a belly dancer who showed us a few moves!! Overall this place is amazing, definitely worth a splurge or special occasion.
How  is it possible to come home after a $500 dinner & still be hungry? Yes this place is drop dead gorgeous, but I feel cheated. How can a $150 per person dinner not include at least 1 glass of champagne? How could the portions be so tiny? How could a 20% tip be automatically added?? All this I really don't agree with. If you're considering dinner here, think again. I reccomend a drink here & dinner elsewhere in the neighborhood. This area is brimming with fine dining choices at which you won't feel cheated.
The food is a joke, the prix-fix menu is a rip off.  They tell you its a 4 course meal but the first course is essentially shared pita and hummus which in most other places they would give you for free anyways.  You don't actually get a choice for the first course! They just bring out some pita and Sabra hummus and Costco baba-ganoush. I actually had the problem of not knowing what to get on the menu because nothing really looked all that appetizing. The only things i wanted costed extra on top of the prix-fixe (which defeats the whole point of prix-fixe in the first place). The 50$ bottle of Rioja we ordered retails for 8 bucks and basically the whole operation here is about markup.   If your looking for good food or good value, this is not the place for you.  If you are looking to spend your bonus money on belly dancers, you should probably just go to a strip club.  Everything else about this restaurant is totally forgettable - except for the check at the end of the meal which makes you wonder how they can get away with charging what they charge.
This is a very cool place for a date. It is elegant yet cozy. I went for a friends birthday on a Friday night. Another friend is a promoter there who was the one that made our reservations. We had a great time! They have a sexy and beautiful belly dancer dance in front of each table. Food is pretty good and superb service. You must try at least once and ask to dine in the back/main dining room where they have lovely and private tables enclosed with long drapes that create the perfect mood. Oh and they have Hookah
When horrendous places happen to great neighborhood blocks!  How did this establishment get past the West Village community board & get a hookah license?  Still says 'in previews' on the door (insert joke about what the full feature be like here). Something akin to Vegas throwing up on Lebanon, if I had to describe the decor.  Clientele was ah-mah-zing on a Saturday night.  Oligarchs & gold chains & ladies of the night, oh my!   And before it seems like I am just disparaging my fellow patrons: bartender was rather odd, she kept calling out the drink prices (which were steep) & making people feel uncomfortable since they didn't ask, bathroom doors don't lock, service is slow.  Ok, so maybe I am just looking for more tangible reasons why this place was heinous rather than just looking like a total elitist snot...
This place is so sexy and beautiful. Love the tented tables. This is my ideal spot for a guy I'm into to take me on the third or fourth date. It's nice and romantic and he might just get that good night kiss if things go well ;) That being said I've also been here with the family for my sister's graduation dinner. The belly dancer was all over my dad which was pretty amusing I must say. The martinis and specialty cocktails are absolutely delicious and pretty. The food is great especially the crab cakes and lamb. The prix fix option is a good deal.
The Decor in this Place........Amazing! candle lighting and drapes give it a special ambiance The Food.......Good, The food (main course) is middle eastern- a lot of spices. I loved it. not a fan of the appetizers though cause I'm allergic to sesame seeds. The service......Ok but could be better/ more attentive even for 10pm on a weekday night. Belly Dancers! was a plus
I tried it with a girlfriend, turned out a bad idea. It looks nice inside, they have obviously invested a lot in the decoration. Too bad they haven't focused on any other aspect of the business. The food is mediocre at best. I had chicken which tasted much worse and cheaper than the one I would have at a casual eatery. When we wanted to sit at the more ambient section of the restaurant, we were told that we would have to order the $55 prix-fixe menu to sit there. That was an immediate red flag, a very shallow upselling technique I wouldn't expect someone to use in that context. And until we finally placed our orders, the whole staff was trying to upsell us that uninteresting prix-fixe menu, which didn't really seem like a bargain. If you ordered the items in that menu individually, it would probably come up to the same or even a lower price. And trying to upsell that to someone that clearly states to you that is only interested in grabbing a bite, is definitely rude. Bad service, mediocre food, expensive prices and lack of transparency in pricing.
AYAYayy...just say that it is not cheap. between 8 ppl it was $65 each person. I even shared the lamb chops with my friend (which was cooked pretty awesome) and had one drink.  Although we just split it equally, I saw they charged ONE SHOT of vodka $14!! What!? We are not in a club, they didn't even give Grey Goose SMHHHH! I'm not going to lie, the lamb chop was good...but no side dishes included.  $28 for lamb chops ONLY.  And my drink was $20 each.   And I remember I had to wave down the waiter to order my entree as well, if I'm paying a lot I expect high end service.   And this place only gets that extra star because I really like their bathrooms and the belly dancer was really nice.
Came here with high expectations, but was very disappointed. I found out about this place through OpenTable when it was featuring one of those 30$ for 60$ worth of food. My friend and I decided to go with the Prix Fixe menu to experience being in a private 'tent', which really wasn't worth it. First came the pita bread with dip, which was probably the best part of the meal. Next I had the Goulash Bil Gibnah, an Egyptian pastry stuffed with leeks, mushrooms and herbs - that was okay. The grilled fish of the day had WAY too many BONES, tiny, small and large! It was like a minefield, where I was having to maneuver away from bones and spit them out after every bite. Lastly, the dessert was the biggest letdown. There were no choices to pick from, so my friend and I were both served the same pudding (tasted like quick mix) dish with a few slices of fruit place on the side. We finished dinner around 9 and wanted to at least see the belly dancers who had not yet come in. The waiter asked if we wanted more wine, to which we declined. Then we asked him when the belly dancer(s) was coming in and he said in 15 minutes. After about 5 minutes, the hostess came to tell us we had to leave our table, because there were others waiting. Um, actually, NO, the place was pretty EMPTY? Just because we didn't want to waste more money on drinks and crappy service, we were forced to leave. She actually had the nerve to say we could just stand in the lobby and wait for the belly dancer to arrive! Don't WASTE your money on crappy food, prices and service!! The interior isn't even that nice...the pictures online are very deceiving. PS. When the waiter asks if you'd like flat or sparkling water, make sure you say TAP water unless you want to pay 9$ + tax and tip for a bottle of water...
Occasion: Friend's B-day bash. Venue:  overly decorated with chandeliers, velvet wooden seats, private tents, very pompous...with the crowd to match. DJ promoted a nice, clubby ambiance. Belly Dancer only showed up at 9 and 12am, wasn't too engaging, probably 'cause we were mostly a female table. At the bar waiting, paid $14 for a mediocre glass of white wine, the "best they had in the category". I had better wine from Tj's in my fridge. Poor wine choices me make angry. Like someone else mentioned, there is no bar menu with the list of prices, so be careful when ordering. On to food: seems like the only menu they have is $55 prix fix. Was dismayed by the small portions. Even the Pita bread with dips (w hummus, babaganoush, bean puree) was considered a "first course". You get 3 in one bowl, so in a crowd of 4-5, you're really eating 1/2 a bread minimum. It was very fresh and I felt it should have been available throughout the courses. 2nd  course (really the appetizer) Ordered the Crabmeat Kofta Crab, basically consisted of two small crab meat patties...just that. it was OK. People who ordered the Felfel Mahschi (Jasmin rice) seemed more disappointed in their dish. 3rd course: I paid the extra  $5  for the chopped lamb which turned out delicious. I'm glad they didn't screw it up, since lamb is a Middle Eastern specialty. Though I wish it came with a better side, other than plain white rice. Dessert (Baklava)  came in tiny portion but good. Service was mediocre. No water refills.  Average 15-20mn wait between courses. Dinner lasted roughly 3hrs. Overall the steep price you pay to eat is mainly for  the upkeep of this Arabian Aristocracy.
One of the better Hookah places around. I am surprised to read the negative reviews. I really like liked the place. A bit on pricey side. But the drinks are great. I liked the food/ service... They have these little tabled with sheer curtains that give a private and cosy feel. In the bar area there is turf on the ground that gives are an outdoor feel. I am going to go back!!
Never had an Egyptian food before, so why not, you live only once right? If you live in West Village, I'm sure you don't need me to tell you about this place. Yes, this place located in the West Village It was on Monday night, the place is not busy at all, soonest I walked in, I felt very comfortable, there is a bar, some chairs surrounding the bar, like you're in the Starbucks, but a very high class Starbucks. lol First, lets talk about the servers, everyone in here are very friendly, very nice and very professional, we were there for good 2 hours, my glass never did once gone empty, the servers here are very good, they take good care of their customers Now, let's talk about their food, delicious, I have the Grill Chicken, well actually the name is like really long, but is start from Grill and ends with Chicken, so I just called it grill chicken. lol It was so...good Last but no less, belly dancing!! I think the belly dancing start at 8:30pm, it will show for about 15-20 minutes, it was fun Overall, I will go back again for sure, if you are in the area, and never had an Egyptian food before, I'll say give it a try, but make sure you stay for the belly dancing, or maybe just me, cuz I'm a guy. lol
Casa La Femme is the place you stop at before you heard to a really big party.  Either that or it's a great place to do ladies night out and actually be able to talk.  Some spontaneous belly dancing may appear but overall pretty tame for a Friday/Sat night out.   Crowd is on the older side, I'm talking 30+. It's def gonna be more fun if you bring your own. Decor is beautiful.  Lots of beautiful chandeliers, beautiful velvet seating and a general opulent feel.   Optional food in a loungey setting makes this an even better place to meet ur girls for cocktails. Our bartender Jennifer was the nicest, sweetest bartender ever.  Hopefully you'll get her when you go.
Had a birthday party here last Saturday. The venue was beautiful, our staff ( a wonderful waiter named Travis), was attentive and beyond hospitable and the food was delicious! Will be returning in the future.
First time here and I have to say that we had a very pleasant experience.   Nice ambiance and decor, the food was good, the service as well. The bally dancing was  interesting to see, plus if you like they also have the  Shisha Hookah or Narghile Pipe. We will def come back. Ciao.
I came here for hookah and drinks tonight with some friends. ========= The Venue ========= Very traditional middle eastern decor. Almost goes a little over the top with the trees and the chandelier (in the way that most middle-easterners like to live very lavishly) but the booths and the tables are very sleek and very comfortable. The lighting is dim, which makes for a great date. ========= The Drinks ========= No sangria :( Lots of expensive wines. Full bar. We ordered a bottle of red that was $50 that I don't feel was worth the price - but was legitimately good. ======== The Food ======== We got several things - 1) Pita bread with three dips - the cucumber yogurt, the hummus, and the babagonoosh. All were *really* good. And to make it even better, they brought us multiple plates of pita bread as we were going through the bread faster than the dips. Very cool of them 2) Sausages on flat bread Sausage was a little dry, but very flavorful. 3) Stuffed Bell Pepper My favorite dish of the night. Good flavor. Well made - great small plate. The sauce to go with it was bland and not much to write home about. ========= The Service ========= This was the best part of the night. The wait staff is really on par. The drinks were always full - the cleaning staff was spectacular, and very helpful. ========== The Hookah ========== They only had one flavor (apple) and I didn't like it very much. ====== The bad ====== It's just too pricey for what you get.
Last night, we went to Casa La Femme to celebrate Valentine's and my boyfriend's birthday at the same time. They were amazing!!!  First off, sexiest restaurant I have ever been to as everyone was sitting in their own tented booths. Secondly, the service was the perfect blend of friendliness, privacy, and courtesy, particularly our server Iman and the manager Lois.  The food was wonderful!  Not knowing what to expect from an Egyptian restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised to find the best octopus we have had in NYC.  Also, the lamb was perfectly spiced. Lastly, the belly dancer got my bf up to dance and I laughed the entire time!
Nice space I love the grassy floor covering and nice to sit in the oversized chairs by the window on a summer evening... I wasn't expecting much in terms of food but the octopus salad was delicious except I didn't appreciates the flecks of chile which made it a bit spicy for me... the peasant salata was also nice (I think this is a twist on the Iranian salad shirazi). Cocktail menu is short but their mojito version some type of basil lemonade was delicious and refreshing. The waitress was a really friendly Russian gal that really knew the dishes and I love the Middle Eastern music. The space is big and in the back the have the tents and more entertainment but I prefer sitting by the window on a nice evening. *Note: T-mobile reception is spotty- even when sitting in/outdoors. Stepping outside might be necessary!
I really wanted to like this place. I really did. Treated poorly. No communication. Not even 3 stars by me. Many months ago I was e-introduced to the events manager at CLF by the head of Autism Speaks as a great place to host a fundraiser event. We never met up - mostly due to my schedule. Upon making reservations here for a Saturday night dinner, I reached out to the woman who had been so eager to meet. Two weeks later- no response.  Ding. We had 7 girls for dinner pre-bachelorette party. Several have strict dietary concerns. Thus,  3 times it was confirmed we were doing a la carte - not prix fixe. We were seated at a fancy corner table with the hoop and tent hanging above us. Told this was a "special" table. Then told by a waitress and later a manager we must do prix fixe. Um no - we must NOT do anything we confirmed multiple times. We were treated with attitude and confusion. Also, the hoop and gauze thing didn't work for us. It took 15 minutes and a lot of laughter to have the servers help clip it up so we could see each other. We went to order a bottle of champagne for the occasion. On the list was a $30 bottle and next price point was $115. Considering the fact we were already planning to order $15 cocktails (yes - $15 for no great shakes), we said we'd try the $30 bottle (and could get a few at that price). "We don't have that in stock." Wait, seriously? You already argued with us about the menu and table and then you have the gall to have such varying price points and not have the only one under $100? This really annoyed me. Dislikes: Lack of communication. Being treated like a 2nd class citizen (even though I am a customer). Grass carpet (stupid for stilettos as they get stuck and can see people tripping). Champagne list and price points. Fish of the day with bones all over. Like: Octopus. Scallops. Dessert. Lamb is good but not great. The portions are really small. If you are with people that eat (read: no models), do the prix fixe. It's probably worth it.
I wandered into exotic Casa La Femme with a friend by total chance. We were escorted through a beautiful, dimly lit dining area reminiscent of Arabian Nights and ensconced in a booth that looked like I Dream of Jeannie's boudoir. The decor is flat-out gorgeous. The service was attentive most of the evening and the food was good, but as many other guests have mentioned, way overpriced. It's a $55 pre fixe menu that consists of four courses. You might think that is a lot of food, but the portions are French style. I don't even mind small portions to be honest and I knew about the price going in. The belly dancer completely ignored our table. She shook her wares in front of every other table except ours. We found it kind of odd, but we are not complainers so we enjoyed our meals without much of a fuss. Now the reason I am giving this restaurant a 2 star review is as follows. I went home wondering why it had cost $200 for two people who ate from the pre fixe menu and had two drinks. The reason: There is a whopping 20% tip included in the price that they don't tell you about. We wound up leaving an extra $30 tip thinking it was not included. Buyer beware. You live, you learn. I'm not likely to visit this establishment again.
Beautiful space. The windows across the front open up in summer time and it's wonderful. It is a large area in the back with tented tables and a big fire in the middle. They do allow hookas which are actually not bad seeing as I don't smoke and don't really have a desire to. They're flavored hookas and not harsh at all. The lemonada = fantastic! You can't even taste the alcohol its lemonade with citron vodka and muddled mint. Fantastic. There martini's looked delicious as well. Anyway on to the food: The pita bread and the sampler of dips was delicious. I could have eaten the entire thing myself. Then we got some appetizers; grape tomatoes with feta cheese which was delicious and fresh. We also had the egyptian sausage which looked a little awkward but it was good. For dinner we had chicken, pork chops, rice, and prawns. I don't know how to eat praws properly and don't really like them anyway. The chicken was really good, tender and not too dry. The pork chops were fantastic if you got a good one, some of them were a little fatty. If you're a very jealous woman - don't bring your boyfriend here. There are belly dancers that will dance with him or make you get up and dance with her. The first one that came out was very sexy and had a fuller figure perfect for a belly dancer. The second one that came out was really skinny it was odd that they hired her as the belly dancer. The place is really fun and the atmosphere is fantastic. I would definitely come back for an event.
I'm Egyptian and a huge fan of Casa La Femme.  It's so sophisticated, yet not at all pretentious.  It reminds me of a restaurant I love in Cairo (Zamalek) called Abou El Sid because of the authentic Egyptian platters and the incredibly elaborate decor.  Take a minute to walk around.  You will see is some of the most beautiful Egyptian furniture, architecture, and design that you won't find anywhere else.   On to the food:  I highly recommend the Ful Medames as an appetizer.  It's seasoned so damn well and it comes with warm fresh house made Egyptian bread (not toasted Toufiyan's pita!).   The grilled octopus and goulash were awesome too.   My favorite main courses were the lamb chops and samak tagine. Drinks are on the pricier side, but not relative to other high end places in high end neighborhoods.  This place is beautiful and I always see gorgeous interesting women at the bar so I'm not complaining.
This place gets a 3.5 stars. It's really about the atmosphere, belly dancers, and who you're there with. The decor is a visual sensation. We had a big group for a friend's birthday. My friend was the organizer and she told them 16, give or take 1. They set 15 seatings. One person dropped out last minute, which is good because we couldn't squeeze another in. The chairs in the main dining area are bulky, heavy, and wooden. Movement is difficult. Try not to drop anything because it's almost impossible to find anything on the carpet/dark lighting (my friend dropped her credit card!) Since we had a large group, they gave us a prix fixe menu. $45 for shared appetizers (yummy), another appetizer, and a main. I tried the crabmeat cakes (they were TINY) and lamb chops. The lamb chops was a very popular choice... 90% of our table got it. It was too salty. They give the table plenty of plates of rice so that helped balance out the saltiness. I think the belly dancer performs around 9 and 12:15. It was entertaining. The one who came out around 12 had amazing abs. We were gawking. There are plenty of tented areas - some with tables, some with low lounge chair for two. This couple near us had their curtain closed completely but failed to realize that they are SHEER and it looked like the guy was giving the girl a lap dance. All in all - great for a romantic date. We left around 1 and there was a decent crowd in the front, bar/lounge area. One negative thing is that the location is a bit off the main streets. It took us forever to get a cab in the chilly weather.
I want to give this place 3 and a 1/2 stars but it's not possible. This venue is Egyptian  and Greek owned. The decor is Egyptian to the T. The food is amazing! The belly dancers are on point. But if you're Muslim, I'm sorry to tell you that they do serve alcohol here. You mostly see a lot of tourist looking people and I saw a couple of cross-dressers. If that's your thing, then this place is for you! Our server was excellent. She noticed that our waiter was also attending to a party of 20 and immediately took over. We never had to wait long for any order. They also have shisha but I believe they're limited in flavors, so do call in advanced.
We had a great experience at Casa La Femme: the service was wonderful;  the ambience, romantic (we sat in one of the tents which was nice and intimate); and the decor is pretty amazing (beautiful furnishings, awesome bathrooms, and oh, yeah...I've never seen real grass used as flooring - bar area!) ... oh, and the belly-dancer & hoo-kah pipes were pretty cool... Re: the food: I've never had Egyptian food and was pretty excited to try this place; went with the 5-course prix fixe which was pretty good, but not mind-blowing... I took 2 stars off for the pricing (I just felt like the food and drinks were a bit overpriced for what it was), and the pretentious crowd hanging out in the bar area and seated at tables nearby that was a bit of an annoyance... Overall, I think Casa La Femme is a great place to bring a date as it's very dim-lit and romantic inside, or if you're looking to have some decent Egyptian cuisine...
I felt like I was on an exotic vacation which was much much appreciated.   The food was pretty good. I really just wanted the hummus but the pre-fix dinner came with babagonoush and puréed fava beans. The Babagonoush is excellent, a bit heavy on the lemon juice but just the way I like it. The pita bread is made fresh (takes about 15~20 min to bake). My friend who is Greek loved her lamb chops.  Try the sogo! I really liked that they use natural grass feed beef/chicken/lamb for their dishes.  If you're going a la carte, skip the dessert!! The pre-fix menu came with something that tasted like corn-bread with ice cream on top. It also had something on the side of the dish that looks like a mini-egg roll. It was stuck to the dish and then after I managed to break it in half to try, it stuck to my teeth/ mouth. Pity as it was the last item we had in an otherwise wonderful meal. If you go prepared to spend some $$$ you'll have a great time. Just sit back and enjoy the ambiance and show. Damn that girl has a killer body.
When my friend told me about a bar that had real grass inside, the picture I painted in my head was certainly not a good one. Thank god he insisted I came here!!! From outside this white, open glass window garden with a bar on the center and lounge-like arranged tables was telling me I'd love it inside. The diverse and unpretentious crowd is a plus and hopefully it will remain this way. We sat at the bar and had a were served by an extremely professional bartender, there is no drink menu so the bartender told us about all the house cocktails and another waiter told us about the club - which moved to this location in January but existed previously in midtown.   Love it and I'll be back for the apple scented hookah for sure.
A very romantic rainy night was spent at this place recently. Food was definitely awesome (so awesome that I forgot to take a pic of the entrees since we started chowing down as soon as we got them!) and I fell in love with the decor! Service could have been better (had to wait 1/2 hour for our check) but I blame our waiter and not the restaurant because the waitress we had before him was awesome! May be it was the company or may be it was the ambiance or both but I had a great night here! The beautiful and more talented than usual belly dancer definitely added to it all! This place is more expensive than usual as well (a hookah costs $35 bucks) so I suggest it for that special occasion once in a blue moon :) On a side note: A lot of seafood entrees on the menu!
Pleasantly surprised... I'm assuming previous comments were read by the staff and maybe some changes were made because the bill was accurate and the food was fair, which were my two biggest concerns based on so many reviews.   Sure, the food is stupidly overpriced for the quality, but it was a girls night out, so ambiance was far more important, and this place delivered.  The belly dancer was great and made her way to every table, and the decor alone is worth a visit... I wasn't a fan of the grass carpet, but it was novel.  The reservation was for 12 people, however only 10 seats were at our table with only 9 place settings; it was taken care of quickly, so it wasn't a problem.  The rest of the service was fine; not great, but not terrible either.   If you're planning a party (for nearly anyone but foodies), this place is a good option.  A 9pm reservation was perfect- drinks were served just before the dancer made her way out.  Just keep your expectations in check- it's not about the food here.
This place is an absolute disgrace. My wife and I stopped in for a drink here yesterday and our check for 2 drinks came to $30. $16 for a really REALLY poor cocktail and $12 for a gin and tonic. When I complained to the management it was clear they could not care less. This is the worst type of bar/restaurant. They dish out bottom line standard fare for the highest price possible, not caring one bit about quality or service. As long as they are raking in the cash they could not care less if you actuality enjoy your experience or the food and drinks they are serving. And if you don't come back, so what, they know sooner or later some other suckers will stop by and get caught like we did. The owners/management of this place should be utterly ashamed of themselves. They are disgrace to the restaurant industry and I suggest everyone AVOIDS THIS PLACE!
So I'd actually used the bathroom here while we were apt hunting, so i almost feel bad for that reason alone not giving a stellar review.. We moved in around the corner, and as the decor is GREAT, my boyfriend suggested we come back for drinks on a friday night when we wanted something low key...I knew it was a hookah bar, which was my only hesitation to begin with, as i'm not a fan of the smell, nor smoke it. He read the cocktails were great, so we walked around the block, were seated at a table, and while they don't have a list, they tell you the cocktails (which can be hard to hear), and i got the mango martini and my boyfriend got the mojito. mojito was $16, mango martini was $14 (i believe), and basically just mango juice (maybe a little vodka)...having lived in brazil i LOVE real mangos, so processed mango juice is just kind of gross to me, and the few times i've bought it i usually throw away the bottle after the first sip...this was just as every bottle of mango juice i've purchased (plus or minus allegedly alcoholic)... The mojito was average, and i guess the crowd was pretty typical for what i'd expect to see at a hookah bar... Venue great, waitress nice albeit awkward, but drinks and crowd will keep me from returning :(  in addition to the fact that adorable aria wine bar's prices are half what they are here, and with a much better crowd.
This was our anniversary dinner and I wanted to make sure that this was going to be a really really nice evening.  Having read some spotty service comments, I was a bit concerned but everyone seems to have agreed on its romantic setting, so I thought "this is one dinner we will not rush...as long as the ambiance is nice, if service is a bit slow, it will be ok". It turned out I had nothing to worry about.  We requested the tent table (everyone, I recommend you try this unless you are dining with someone whom you don't want to be hidden behind a curtain while having dinner) and it was amazing.  As soon as we arrived, they prepared our table with rose petals!  And the service was on the spot.  Granted we started the night a bit earlier than most people who dine there (belly dancers don't come out until a bit after 9, so most people start dining with that in mind, I think) but still I say it was a great friendly service we got.  Since we took the tent table, we were automatically set with the prix fix dinner which was just fine with us and we knew about it.  (4 course dinner for $60 at that kind of place?  I say it is a great deal)  You don't choose anything for a first course - mazzo.  They make the pita bread after you place the order, so the bread comes out fresh, hot and fluffy.  I could have honestly eaten just that all night and I even told our waitress that as a compliment.  For second course, I ordered squid and my husband ordered crab cake.  The latter was very "crabby" instead of finding crab meat occasionally in bread.  My squid could have been a main course - it was sauteed with onions and tomatoes and had a mountain of fresh arugula on top.  For main course, we ordered fish of the day (grilled branzino) for me and lamb chops for my husband.  White fish, if not prepared well, could become really boring but they stuffed it with a lot of different vegetables and I also felt some citrusy flavor as well.  Very nice.  And I must say, I never really had bad lamb prepared by middle eastern people.  Dessert was coconut cake with vanilla ice cream and baklava.  I was a bit concerned about coconut bits as I am not the biggest fan, but they were all delicious and if I am just having an afternoon tea and this sweets, I would have probably ordered another serving. Their cocktails are really nice too.  I am not the biggest alcohol drinker so I am not a good commenter for this bits, but they have their own tequila if that's your thing and otherwise they have fairly big wine list that supposedly represent Mediterranean.  I'm sure you can find something that you enjoy to drink.
Ohhhh I just don't know what to say! Classic case of 'it's all about the people you're with'. Last time I was at CLF, it was on Wooster Street and I talked to Kirsten Dunst at the bar (I swear I have a picture of us somewhere), that was probably 8 years ago. Love the new location. The place is super spacious, nice layout, gorgeous bathrooms, large bar with some lounge area - very nice... The food was very good, we had a tent towards the back, very private. It was a hen party and we were having the best time. There were 10 of us and we were tended to at all times. The food recommendations were great, the rose very yummy, all around fun Saturday night. The crowd, however, is WEIRD! Kind of the wanna be tools from across the bridge (or tunnel), girls who think they're hot, people who think they look important, people who think they look fashionable (rabbit vest? hello! Rachel Zoe much?), I'd come back for sure. Great space for a group dinner. Did I mention how nice the bathrooms are? :)
Went there for drinks the other night. Egyptian theme, nice atmosphere, love the SawGrass floor near the bar (They change it every Thursday) knowledgeable bartenders, tasty drinks. Didn't try the Hookah pipes but I did notice the belly dancer and cool bathrooms. Bit pricy but what cool place in the west village isn't.
Somewhere between 3.5 stars and 4... 4 stars for the bar, 3.5 stars for the entire concept. This place is definitely a novelty factor in the neighborhood. Funny, that I didn't know this place existed even though I live a block (or two) away from it. Apparently it's been opened for 5 mths already (having taken over the lease from a previous gym). So, I was really enthralled by the exterior of this place and the overall bar area just looks soooo chic. I'm not exactly a huge fan of the carpet grass all around the bar area (yep ladies, grass - whether real or carpet just doesn't do that well with heels right?) ... but it wasn't a huge biggie for me. I loved the chandeliers and upscale look of the bar. Since the place is relatively new, it does not yet draw a specific crowd and while some in earlier reviews have mentioned the well-dressed and well-heeled frequenting this place, it really is still buidling up on that. The night I was there, there were groups of regular women celebrating a birthday, chatting and then there were a few fabulous looking women hanging at the bar and outside. Beyond the bar area, is the dining area. This place is HUGE if I didn't mention that already. However, while I give them props for the bar area, I'm not exactly a fan of the entire concept. For one, the whole belly dancing thing and shisha thing just does not go hand in hand with the look and feel of the bar. I'd say the place would do well without the former.... kind of brings it down a notch with the whole mish-mash image / offering thing. Drinks were pretty good but prices were rather steep (at $16, it's on par with The Carlyle when it should really be in the range of $12 for similar establishments). There are no menus and therefore it was a mouthful for the waitress to go through their cocktails. I enjoyed my mango martini and his "mojito" a la vodka (apparently their signature cocktail but I failed to remember the name of this cocktail since I'm a visual person. yes, I like to read my menus)
WAY TOO EXPENSIVE for what it is. The food is good. The service is good but for what you pay, should really match the service of a fine restaurant. Not that they don't put on all the airs of one. Case in point, my friends and I were out for an early dinner on a Saturday night. You would not believe how hard they made it for us to reserve a table for 6. We were finally informed they might be able to squeeze us in. "Squeeze" mind you, for a 7 pm reservation. When we got there, the place was empty. A half hour later, two more tables were taken. And that was it all the way till about 9pm at which point half the tables were taken.  This would have been a 3 star review but I deduct a star for the B.S. factor. The bar is very cool, though. My two cents - come here for a drink after dinner.
I'm giving this place 3.5 stars...it was between just okay and wow amazing. first of all the decor and the service were at the top of the line. everything from the furniture to the wall hangings to the walkways itself, really set the tone for middle eastern food. i loved it all. oh and also, make sure you dress up, the place is fancy. the food was great. we tried the warak enab and the felfel which were both A to the MAZING. huge huge fan of the food. the downside to all of that was the portion sizes. they were ridiculously small! we ordered a decent amount and left barely full. for the amount they charge, i guess the food was not worth it. i think ill be back just to enjoy the ambiance...although i would come prepared to spend the money.
Nothing has ever compared to the first CLF in Soho, but this place certainly is beautiful. Stars are mostly for that. We asked for a tented table, which was fine, but the low seating and table was really not very conducive to eating. The food was okay, but way overpriced for chickpeas done 10 ways. The bellydancer was fun, enjoyed that. I would definitely go here again for drinks, bar is lovely~but won't eat here again
Been here a few times for drinks, hookahs, and appetizers. The place is spacious and well designed: tented seating areas, plush lounge chairs, great lighting. What really separates this from other mediterranean lounges are the beautiful dancers, led by Samantha and her team of exotic belly dancers. The staff is friendly and hospitable. The appetizers are tasty, although I haven't had a dinner there yet.  Simply, a  great spot to take a date or friends for a glass of wine or sample of tequila.
A good example of that ridiculous but apropos "lipstick on a pig" reference. I wanted a romantic dinner in a sumptuous setting. If I didn't want to eat, this place would do just fine. It is pretty to look at in here,  with private tented tables, candlelight and belly dancers - and food that is - as one Yelp review I can see right now out of the corner of my eye says -- "mediocre at best." You are usually seated in the tented tables if you order from the prix fixe menu, but I asked if my date and I could be seated there anyway because the place was dead on a Thursday evening. Thank goodness because if we had to drop $55 per plate to sit in there to eat mediocre hummus, I would have punched out the belly dancer. I frankly cannot recall what we ordered. Oh - yeah - I had moussaka. I usually love the stuff - but it was just OK. The other entree escapes me - except for its mediocrity. Oh- and the smell of hooka smoke while we ate- how do you say, "blech" in Persian? This place may be good to meet for a drink - the bar was large and inviting, but that's it. Sorry, Casa La Femme - I so wanted to love you but I really just want to punch out your belly dancer.
Came here on a random weekend around 5pm (make a reservation for this place btw). We were treated very nicely by the manager and staff, and the setup of the place is very nice. Elegant drapes over the tables on the sides, larger tables in the center and sides for bigger parties. This is a great place to bring a date or come with your significant other. It was about a week ago that I came here and it took me a minute just now to remember what I ordered (their fish of the day)..that's how unmemorable it was. My friend ordered some eggplant thing and it was almost as flavorless as my fish. The hummus was excellent though so def try that. One thing to note is that I'd give this place 5 stars if my review was solely based on ambiance. But the food mixed with the fact that I could CLEARLY hear the assistant manager or whoever she was being nasty to the waiters make me give it 3. Seriously though..please treat your staff with respect because they really were doing a great job, miss assistant manager.
I was skeptical coming here due to  the mixed reviews but our girls' night turned out to be so much spent here. The food was so flavorful and the service was impeccable. The manager, Luis, and the whole wait staff were so accommodating. The belly dancer was amazing. It was a little pricey but well worth it. We will definitely come back here with our spouses.
It was the grass that lured me in.  I had never been  to a bar with real grass...or fake grass for that matter, "They just grew the grass a few weeks ago- actually a little after I started working here. Unfortunately, I happen to be allergic to the stuff. Do my eyes look puffy? I'm still mildly hungover, but I think it's my allergies that's causing the irritation," the bartender divulged as he poured my Lemonada. I couldn't help but think 'Damn that must suck' as I took a sip of my fancy, overpriced, alcohol-less cocktail. + the grass (I resisted the urge to take my shoes off and prance around the bar barefoot) + the ridiculously sexual/aggressive belly dancer that wouldn't stop gyrating her pelvis in front of me + ambiance (big open space, relaxed, comfortable seating) - overpriced, diluted cocktails (need I say more?) - the ridiculously sexual/aggressive belly dancer that wouldn't stop gyrating her pelvis in front of me
Went here with very high hopes, with a big group of friends. Unfortunately, the service here was so impossibly slow that it ruined the mood. We literally had to ask the waiters dozens of times when we could expect our meals. And when the meals finally arrived... they were cold or ill-prepared. The venue is absolutely beautiful, but the service and food left us disappointed.
I went to this restaurant a week ago for a friend's birthday party.  We had a really great time.  We had a 9pm reservation for a party of 17.. Unfortunately, not everyone arrived on time.  We thought that they weren't going to seat us, but they did which helped us a lot because some people didn't arrive until 11.  The decoration of the restaurant is amazing.. You feel like you're in a different world.  Very romantic setting and the tents are beautiful! Music was great and the belly dancers definitely made it worth going!  Food was really good.. I had the crab cakes and lamp chops.. I definitely recommend them!  Overall.. We had great service, a great waiter (Travis!) and a really great birthday for my friend.. Thanks Casa la femme!
Middle Eastern place that doesn't know how to cook Middle Eastern food.  I mean, really, I think they got their hummus from the discount aisle at Key Foods.  So why three stars instead of one or two? They absolutely nailed the one non-Middle Eastern dish we tried, which was a ribeye on special.  Had that perfect combination of being slightly charred on the outside and nice and pink and soft on the inside ... just a fine cut of meat.   And it's almost worth going for the scene and the people-watching  "Vegas throwing up on Lebanon", as one reviewer puts it below, may be the most apt description I've ever heard in a Yelp review.  It's just so damned goofy -- yes, that's real grass under your feet -- that it at least manages to be unpretentious. But, you do pay a price, and I mean literally.  It's been a long time since I've been presented with a check ($~300 for 3 people) and was left wondering: how in the hell did *that* happen?  We just didn't eat or drink that much, or that well.  A particular problem is the wine list, which has very few sub-$50 selections.
We were a party of 5 chica's celebrating a birthday.... I was a little ambivalent given the Yelp reviews... but I would absolutely, definitely return! The venue is absolutely STUNNING! So beautiful! They seriously did an amazing job decorating the place... from the bar/lounge area to the bathroom.... so pretty! Gorgeous! We were seated in one of the "tented" tables which we loved. As a result, we ordered from the prix fixe menu and were very happy with our selections. The pita bread which arrived with our appetizer was fresh, hot and delicious. I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer which was fantastic. And for my main, I ordered the grilled fish of the day. Although I cannot remember what fish it was, it was perfectly seasoned and delicious. The garlic rice side (additional) was AMAZING! The dessert was so-so... tasted almost like ordinary baklava. Two of my girlfriends got the hookah and it smelled very sweet and delish but I did not partake as I have an addictive personality. The belly dancer was amusing- hot body! It was entertaining to watch a table of what appeared as Wall'Streeters shoving bills on her hip. Makes me want to get to the gym... haha! I would definitely return. My only complaint, as others have mentioned, is the lack of a bar menu. I am the type that likes to see the ingredients of a cocktail as well as the price. Their cocktails are certainly overpriced.
We came here on the weekday and you can only order the prix fix and there is no a la carte.  It was $55 plus tack on it's somewhere between $15-$20 a drink.  For each person it wound up being $100. The decor is beautiful but the food is only ok.  They have a bellydancer there at night which is cool to watch.
Grass on the floor! Yes, look down when you enter the place. The area in front of the bar has live grass. Love the atmosphere of the place and the decor. The bar area has ornate chairs and tables while the dining area at the back has simulated white Bedouin tents. I have never been to oil rich Middle Eastern countries, but this places brings to mind imageries of oil sheiks filling up decadent bars with slinky belly shaking ladies roaming the place. I came here just for drinks and hookah and did not try the food. To me, it's perfect for drinks with friends or a date rather than a sumptuous feast, so I've never tried the food and probably won't attempt it. Prices match the decor, and would be standard cocktail prices you find in a swanky Manhattan bar. Don't come here if you expect to get drunk on the cheap for the night.
Unfortunately my star rating is all over the board for my experience last night. There were some things that couldn't have been better and there were some things that were me thinks not! We had a 7:00 reservation on a Tuesday evening. When I arrived my date was already at the bar. I will agree with the other reviews in that the space is really nice. They had the front open so at one point with the breeze, the music and the decor I did feel like I was on vacation someplace exotic. I couldn't decide what I wanted to drink and the bartender could not have been more helpful. He said he could make a lemonada without the sweetest and he did an outstanding job. 5 stars for him, no stars for our next encounter with the hostess. My date approached her and said we were ready to sit down and she said she couldn't find our reservation. The restaurant was only half full so just seat us anyway. She then proceeded to lecture my date about how dismissive he was when he walked in, really? The manager then came over and sat us at one of the tented tables, I guess it pays to know people. Our waitress was really informative if a little pushy on having us order the pre fixe. We both felt it would've been too much food so we decided to go a la carte. When I looked at the wine list not only was it very limited but the first two bottles I ordered they didn't have. I finally ordered a Dolcetto D'Alba that was served too warm and I don't really think it was the bottle listed on the menu. On to the food. We started with the Fuul Medames with pita and this was probably the best part of the meal, the dip was excellent. We then split the octopus which was also fantastic. This was one tentacle charred with a nice spice served over arugula and cherry tomatoes. For entrees I went with the whole fish and my date had the lamb chops. My fish was branzino which was perfectly ok but I've had much better. There wasn't much meat on the fish and it was a bit unevenly cooked. My date thought the lamb chops were good although I can't comment as I didn't try them. All the entrees are a la carte so I definitely think the prices are a bit steep. We also ordered the Egyptian fries which were good but just tasted like regular fries to me. The meal ended with a complimentary dessert which was a nice touch. All in all the atmosphere is great, food meh. I certainly wouldn't go back for the food but might revisit the bar for some cocktails again. G
Don't go here.  My boyfriend reserved a tent for Valentines.  It was my first time here and as soon as I entered, I was already annoyed.   It was a cold night, so I was freezing when I walked in.  The woman in the front asked if she could take my coat.  I told her, "no, thank you" because I was so cold.  After that, she proceeded to ask me another four times if she could take my coat.  At one point I just wanted to say, "maybe if you turn some heat on I'd warm up quicker and you can have my coat." We finally got our tent and the place is really nice looking.  I was impressed with the decor.  But my awe for the place did not last long.  As soon as we sat, they asked us what we can get to drink.  The waiter INSISTED that we have wine...he almost didn't take no for an answer.  Mind you, it is against my boyfriends religion to drink.  After the waiter left, we were borderline harassed to order a drink by three other people who came to our table who all asked about five times each.  I am just SO shocked that in an Egyptian restaurant not having an alcoholic beverage was such a big deal.   The waiter then gave us the menu and rushed us into ordering, he actually said, "ok, I have to take your order now"....WHAT.  We were sitting there for less than ten minutes and it was Valentines.  There were so many things I wanted to say to him at this point but held my tongue because it was Valentines.   Here is a review of the food: 1st course Pita Bread with Hummus and two other dips.  Nothing special.  I say, "two other dips" because the little boy who brought it over to our table had no idea what the other dips were.  I'm guessing this was because the rude manager didn't get a chance to train everyone before his customers arrived.  Throughout all of the first and third course, the manager was training his staff right next to our table...romantic, I think not.  I didn't come out to listen to how to work the POS system for an hour.  But thanks for the tutorial, I worded in the service industry and it's not rocket science.  Learn the day before.     2nd Course Ok, This was the worst course.  How can it be for two people if there wasn't enough food to divide evenly between two people????  No, I'm serious.  The man who divided the food onto our two plates had no possible way of dividing it evenly because there wasn't enough food.  Not to mention, the sausage was so burnt that it looked like what comes out of my dog...that's right.  It looked like I had a turd on my plate.  At least dress it up a little...drizzle some sauce on it.  Come ON!  Presentation is everything in a restaurant and they did not have it.   3rd Course Oh no wait, THIS was the worst course.  We ordered lamb.  Maybe because it was that I was already feeling sick at this point, but the little lamb I was able to eat once I took off the 3/4 fat...I just wasn't feeling it.  Oh, and it came with FRIES.  What???  When we were ordering, the waiter INSISTED we order EXTRA fries because they were SO GOOD.  Umm, it's a fancy place.  I DON'T WANT FRIES.  And secondly, when I say no, thank you.  It means NO.  Don't ask me over and over again until I feel badly for not ordering some soggy fries.   4th Course Dessert.  THEY PUT THE DESSERT ON OUR TABLE WHEN WE WERE STILL TRYING TO FINISH THE FRIES!!!!  I was shocked beyond belief!!!  Talk about BAD service.  Then I order tea, which took ten minutes to get.  And by the times I got it, it was luke warm.  You have got to be kidding me.  Rush me to eat dessert and don't even give me hot tea to enjoy.  THEN the waiter came up to me WHILE I WAS STILL WITH A FORK IN MY MOUTH asking if I was done with dessert.  I was polite and said, "no, not yet" and HE ACTUALLY LOOKED AT HIS WATCH AND SHOOK HIS HEAD IN FRONT OF ME!!!! Disgusting service and disgusting food.  Whoever recommends this place clearly has no taste in anything.  Listen to it from someone who knows what good food and service is...DON'T GO!!!!   Another side note...super expensive.  I saw the wine list and umm...they have nerve charging that much for those kind of wines!!!  Go to any other place and those wines are a fraction of the cost (and I bet they have better service too!).  ALSO...whoever was in charge of the music that night....WTH!!!  It went from Egyptian music to like bad songs you haven't heard since the 80s and 90s.  We were so confused.  It was like a little kid was controlling the music and just saying, "ok, now I want to hear this song." If there is any happy ending to the story...it was when we left and the cool pictures we got with the tent.  Oh, and me and my Valentine got a good laugh out of this joke of a place.
This place is great for groups looking to have good food and cocktails before a big night out.  Ambiance is sheik and they have a pre-fixe menu that will probably leave you hungry.  However, the quality of the food is actually pretty good, but still very overpriced for Middle Eastern food.  They have "intimate" dining options where you can sit on cushions on the floor, however, when you are surrounded by large groups of 12 girls ordering vodka sodas and chicken kebabs to get pumped for girls night out, it kind of sucks the intimacy out.  I would agree with some of the other reviewers that the service would be considered mediocre at best. The hookahs are great and the place is basically, its a more expensive le souk with better food.  If you're looking for a good, authentic Middle Eastern meal, I would probably look elsewhere (Ilili, Al Bustan).
I looked up this place online, and was a little worried about going there, as I was taking my family, and they have very high expectations of restaurants. But Casa la Femme blew everyone away. The bar outside provides a nice entrance, the ambiance is beautiful, with little booth set up like tents for those doing a la carte. The belly dancers were both pretty, although one came 1 hour later than the 9 oclock time on the website. We ordered almost every appetizer in the menu, and they were all amazing - I particularly liked the the crab cakes, hummus and squid. We ordered prawns and lamb chomps for entrees, but they were both unfortunately very disappointing. Music and drinks was nice - so recommend definitely going, but stick to drinks and appetizers!
It's a shame for such a beautiful place and great food to have such a crappy service.. we were a group of 5, got a private table with tent, we told the waiter when he came to the table that we had to be out at certain time and we needed to get things rolling... it took him 30 min to come back to us and take our drink order... I was ready to call the manager from my table... he kinda made things better for the rest of the evening and then they screwed up when they serve the desert order... but the food was really yummy and they have the belly dancers witch was really cool...still a must try place...
Great restaurant, had a great time, food was great.
This is really a unique spot. I have never been to a restaurant like this before. It was a full sensory experience from the second I walked in the door. The space is absolutely gorgeous and the sweet aroma of the apple hookahs fills the air. Definitely ask to sit in one of the private tents and do the prix fixe menu. So incredibly worth it! Cons: really busy on a saturday night ... i want to come back on quieter night so i can really relax
Ok, I'm giving this place 5 stars only because I've been told that it's hard to wine and dine me since its hard to find nice ambiance places with good food options for vegetarians (albeit i do eat boneless chicken if its flavorful).  I'm tired of going to places people rate are good and upon arriving, my whole experience dwindles down to having 1-2 options for a low ambiance place where I'm practically on top of the next table next to me.  Maybe its me, but after a long week, I rather not feel like I'm dining with the people next to me and be able to have a conversation where I'm not yelling across the table. I was taken here for a special birthday dinner and we got a nice tented table and opted for the pri-fixed menu. The wine by the bottle was a reasonable cost (under $50) and the prix-fixed dinner option was a great bargain.  We got plenty of appetizers plus an entree each.  We got the chicken entree and it was tasty and plentiful - we ended up only eating half of our entree. The ambiance is really nice and I really think it is a decent bargain that can cater to a date night or night out with friends since it does have options for all palates.
My favorites were:  Fuul Medames (Puréed fava beans) w/ pita bread (the hummus and Babagonoush were good too) and Tagine Khodar (vegetables with homemade couscous in a really good tomato-based sauce w/ spices).  And the desserts were phenominal!  They also have really good (and strong) fruity drinks, and they had a Belly Dancer the Friday night that we were there and she was pretty entertaining. It's really cool inside too.  We had a tent table, which was cool, but you have to order from the prix fixe menu to sit there.  I also really liked the decor in the bathrooms.
If I was to only judge Casa la Femme on their food then I would give this place 5 stars. The food is delicious. The service...SUCKS! It's Manhattan, and you have to have a lot more going for you than just good food. Let's start with the bar. Instead of presenting me with a menu, the bartender told me that they had red or white wine. I wanted something sparkling and so after expressing this I was informed about the champagne they were serving. I ordered a glass and right before the bartender goes to pour my glass he says, "It's $16. Is that okay?" Had I not heard him say this earlier to a woman seated a few seats down, I would have been totally offended instead of being mildly offended. In my opinion, that was very gauche. After my dinner party arrived and we were seated, I spied our waiter Yusef on his cellphone for a few moments. Now granted, the dining room was empty when we sat down, but don't check your cell phone on the dining floor. He also made the following horrible mistakes: 1. He couldn't pour water and so the table always had little puddles of water. 2. He doesn't  understand the consequence of food allergies. For instance, my bestie has a nut allergy and so when they brought to the table a dessert that had nuts, he suggested that she just eat the ice cream, which didn't have nuts (but was resting atop almonds). Had she listened to his life-threatening advice, she may have had to use her epi-pen. Not fully understanding the importance of food allergies is such a liability in this day and age when so many people have food allergies. It is just irresponsible on both his part and Casa la Femme. 3. The second most grievous offense that he committed was his lack of skill in opening a champagne bottle. His "skill" in opening the bottle resulted in at least a glass spilling out upon uncorking. When we complained he said with a shrug of his shoulders, "It wasn't that much." The nerve! 4. He also did not know how to properly pour the champagne. There was too much head in his pour, with the first glass almost spilling over. Needless to say all of the ladies at the table are champagne drinkers and we were all VERY annoyed! Another gaffe; some of the crew that assisted throughout the evening, seemed well... like Yusef trained them. One server's tie even went into my friend's glass of water. I mean really! While Yusef and crew can (and should) be held responsible for their level of service so should the managers for not properly training them. There is no excuse for what we experienced tonight and I have little tolerance for a place in the West Village marked as $$$ to have such mediocre service. I did not go in to Casa la Femme with any expectations but left with a poor taste. The crowd was MEH. On the positive side, the decor is fantastic and the bathroom's comfortable. The belly dancer was amazing as well. The food was delicious but I question their pricing strategy. We "had" to do the prix fixe, which online is $55 per person but the menu that you are given states $65 per person. The first and fourth course you have no choice in what you are eating. The first course was delicious pita bread with three dips, hummus, babagonoush and pureed fava beans. Why we had to pay for this I'm not sure, especially since most Middle Eastern restaurants that I've been to, provide this free but whateves. I had the grilled octopus, which was very tasty. I really liked that. For my entree I had the lamb chops. I love lamb and this was good but not amazing...and there was a fair amount of fat on my chops. Lastly came the dessert of which I only ate the vanilla ice cream (I don't really eat much dessert). All in all, if you want great Middle Eastern food give it a try but for the money this place charges, it is so not worth it! Cheers, emme bloggeremme.com
Five stars for the delicious food! This place really deserves a higher average rating on Yelp. The Kofta appetizer was fantastic and I really loved the desserts (baklava and cupcakes made of layered filo dough with cream)! The decor is pretty amazing too - this is one of the most beautiful restaurants I've been to in a while. There was also nice music and a belly dancer. The only downside of this place and the reason I'm not giving it a full five stars is that the service was somewhat mediocre. I wouldn't say it was terrible like some of the other reviewers, but it definitely wasn't great. The most important thing to me though is the quality of the food and I will definitely be back and recommend trying Casa La Femme to others!
Went to Casa la Femme for an early dinner and was delighted on all counts. Service was 5 star..... Very attentive and thorough.  We had the prix fixe and all enjoyed our choices.  The Mazza and freshly baked pita was fabulous. Had the crab cakes, phyllo w mushrooms and Egyptian sausage....excellent . The Branzino special was delicious and the simple dessert of mini cupcake, ice cream, baklava,and  another  pastry type only w delicious chocolate coating.   Would definitely return, only next time arrive a bit later to enjoy the belly dancing.
Looks very romantic, great music... the great stops there. Service was horrible. Food was mediocre at best... I had some  food left over and asked for it to go. when i opened it next day i found bones and whatever else was on the plate.
went for a friends bday. party of 11. the place is ginormous so space should not have been an issue. however, they did seat us at a table set for 8, clearly uncomfortable for any more than 9. even still, the main issue is: staff is extremely disorganized. since clf is only a few days old, i am assuming they will soon get their sh*t together. for now, they serve the mains and sides on two separate plates. each plate having more than ample space to fit both portions. the disorganization inevitably led to too few side dishes for our table.  we didnt bother requesting extras since it was obvious they were having trouble operating as is. the disorganization also led to 3 ppl receiving the wrong order. one other person received his dish (also the wrong order) after everyone else finished their plates. he sent it back, since they didnt get the order right, and the manager brought the dish back out, explaining it was "also a very good dish and is on the house". so, 4 out of 11 ppl had their orders f-ed up. the clientele was a mix of 'real housewives of new jersey' types and bachelorette parties. some of the staff are rather model-esque so that, in combo w/all the girls/milfs in their party dresses, the odds might be pretty nice for the male patrons. everyone agreed, my grilled prawns dish was the best. oh, and the entire place is carpeted in actual grass. kinda interesting. several fancy private bathrooms, too. i didnt get to experience the tent area but that couldve been cool. i want to give this place the benefit of the doubt but something about it is just exudes tackiness. cant quite pinpoint it though... a previous reviewer, Taiia R. mentioned something along the lines of  "...vegas throwing up on lebanon..." very well put. i thought babouche in soho was far more tasteful in overall experience.
"We had to boil the water..." - Casa La Femme server (x 3) We popped by on a stroll home (after the regular, fabulous and gratis Monday night Howard Williams jazz orchestra at the Garage - you gotta go there! garagerest.com). CLF beckoned with its wide-open, bedouin-lair street frontage, and greeters did a good job of luring us inside for a look. Being one of modest means, yet always ready to support local creativity (if we don't, big box generics will take over) I suggested we have a dessert. It's a bit of Vegas in a neighborhood street, with a tented, mosaic'd and bellydancer'd ambience - hey, I welcome a bit of diversity, kitsch and theater in my neighborhood, I mean, one day you're gonna die ... The staff tried quite hard to be nice, but were sadly sabotaged - in a 7/8 empty place at 11pm on a Monday night  - the dessert took HALF AN HOUR to arrive. The excuse? "We had to make the dessert from scratch." Now if you know you're slow, best to tell people that 'it will take half an hour (or more) - especially on a Monday night approaching midnight. This is neighborhood New York, not neighborhood Cairo, and unfortunately, if you want to stay in business you need to get with the program. I'm not sure WHY it would take so long; the two dessert items - an egyptian custard (which I liked a lot) and a dense cupcake, both topped with ice cream, were ostensibly just nuke warm and definitely the kind of thing you could make in advance. But the real killer was how the mint tea - basically hot water some tea leaves 2 mint leaves - arrived AFTER dessert was over - more than half  an hour after we sat down, because ... "We had to boil the water." Translation: "we had to drill for the water" The desserts by the way, were $8 each, the tea $4 each, spendy, but acceptable if brought out in a timely manner. With so much spent on the ambience - and cool Cairo-techno or whatever was playing - seems that a simple thing like tardy service will spoil everything, everytime.
OK, I'm going to be the voice of dissent here because I love this place. This is an Egyptian restaurant, specifically, from the region of Alexandria, so this is what Euclid used to eat (trivia for the math fans out there). The service is impeccable, and by impeccable, I mean perfect in every way.  They treated us like royalty, and more importantly, extended every courtesy and respect to my wife.  They made her feel like a queen.  This is a place you definitely want to take your girlfriend; they pamper the ladies.  In addition, the waitstaff is knowledgeable of perfect restaurant etiquette.  They were attentive, but from a distance.  They don't hover over you in a misguided attempt to be zealously service-oriented.  They keep their distance and maintain eye contact.  A simple raise of the hand or an eyebrow will bring the waitstaff over.  Your private conversation is, well, private.  Furthermore, they're not in a rush to snatch your plates away from you when they think you're done.  They let you finish your meals together: a lost courtesy among restaurants.  They don't pick up your check until after you leave your table, another lost restaurant etiquette.   I don't even have a nit-picky bone to pick in the service department. Ambiance is perfect.  This place is BEAUTIFUL.  It looks like the inside of a royal palace, but importantly, it's not gauche or tacky.  The beautiful decor is tastefully done and perfect in every way.  If you order the prix fixe menu, you sit at a table with a white tent surrounding it that affords total privacy.  At the end of our dinner, my wife and I enjoyed Turkish coffee and a hookah with a supremely hot make-out session in total privacy.  The bathrooms are private and some of the best I've ever seen anywhere in the world.  The sensual smell of delicious hookah wafts subtly through the air and the lighting is perfect: dim enough to be very romantic but not so dim that you're squinting at your food.  You feel like you're on the set of Casablanca. The food is fine.  I wouldn't say this is one of the top food restaurants in NYC, however, I'd say the food is above average.  But if you're coming here, you're not coming for the food necessarily; you're coming for the entire experience.  A very hot, very sensual, very memorable experience with your lover.  I won't comment further on the individual dishes like I usually do because the food really isn't the point of coming here.  You're coming here for an awesome evening with your loved one.  Suffice to say that the food is delicious; I did not find it to be lacking as some reviews have claimed, in any way shape or form. Some reviews claim that the drinks are a nasty surprise, price-wise.  True, they don't tell you the price before hand, and they probably should disclose the price on a drinks menu.  however, $10-$12 for a large mixed drink is really not out of line for $55/plate restaurant.  It's about right.  Point of info: their signature drink is the lemonada, but I found that the tamarind drink was much better.  I was dubious at first because I'm not a big fan of tamarind, but I will concede -- it totally works.  I give the tamarind two thumbs up. My wife and I went here for our first anniversary.  They gave us flutes with champagne and a hookah gratis (free) for our anniversary.  I think the hookah is normally a bit pricey at $30, which is about $15 more than you'd pay elsewhere, but again, that's not a big markup for a place like this, and it's well worth the experience.  I very strongly recommend getting the hookah with Turkish coffee at the end of your meal. The belly dancer started at 9:30pm (we arrived at 7:30pm).  She was supremely hot, and by hot I mean suh-mokin!  Her body was perfect and she made me blush when she glanced in our direction.  She goes from table to table and puts on a 3-5 minute show for each table.  She dances with the ladies as well as men.  When she danced seductively with my wife I ... well, I'm starting to sweat just remembering the two of them writhing.  I consider that to be my anniversary gift from the restaurant.  ;-)  Such a beautiful flat and toned stomach.  Whoa... We paid $185 and I was moved by the perfect service to leave a 25% tip post tax.  In return, we were treated to a perfect evening, and by perfect, I mean truly perfect.  We will remember our first anniversary for years to come.  I couldn't have made a better decision on an anniversary venue. I would recommend the prixe-fixe menu for $55.  You get a private table with the cloth tent along with your dinner.  For those of you think it's too expensive, then I would suggest finding a cheaper restaurant.  Personally, my experience here was worth every single solitary penny that I spent.  It is the perfect date restaurant for those with a little extra money to spend.
beautifuullllll place omg !!!!!! :))
came her with a friend of mine for after work dinner/drinks and I was extremely impressed with this place! The decor was stunning and I could not stop looking at everything. The food was soooooo yummy!! and the hummus and pita bread was tooooo diieeee for! We ordered two rounds of it. It was a little pricey for just two people but def worth it. I would highly recommend this place for a nice romantic date.
My lovely friends took me here for a belated birthday dinner. I won't lie at first I did not want to go, as I had another spot in mind (it WAS my day after all). So begrudgingly, I went. Glad I did! The decor was nice, the spot was empty we were the first ones there so I got to really scope it out. Nice! The servers were all friendly and attentive. To start we had humus and all his cousins. Absolutely delish! Then I had an appetizer that I cannot remember the name of but it was good stuffed with mushrooms I think or cheese or spinach, whatever it was good. Now to the main attraction...LAMB!!! That damn lamb was so good I said etiquette be damned and picked those chops up with my hand and went innnnnn! Delish, delish! It is a bit pricey but if you have it and want to try it you definitely will not be mad. Sadly we were too early to see the show, but I auditioned for the waiter and showed him my moves. I have about five rolls and I was working those bad boys lol. I didn't get hired so whatevs.
One of my former co-workers recommended me to Casa La Femme. A group of co-workers and I decided to go one Friday evening after work. I went some time last year so the details are a little fuzzy. A bunch of us carpooled and drove into Manhattan. I was surprised there were a few parking spots on the street. I think we ended up parking on Christopher St two blocks away. We had a 7:00PM reservation, but we were a bit early. After waiting around outside the restaurant for fifteen minutes, a hostess led us to our table. At this time, there were barely any customers. The interior of Casa La Femme is luxurious. I love the private couple table canopies along the walls. There is a small square space in the middle for belly dance shows, which start around 9:00 or 9:30PM (I forget.) Casa La Femme specializes in Northern Egypt cuisine. Even though the prices are expensive, you get what you pay for. I didn't regret dropping $40+ dollars overall for dinner. For appetizer, our group shared different types of hummus ($6.95), which according to the website, is puréed chickpeas with a touch of spicy harrisa. It was really delicious. Our server for the night enthusiastically explained the menu very well. The cocktails sounded so amazing so I felt I had to try it. I ordered a cocktail with Godiva chocolate in it. It tasted heavenly and it was a drink that is to be tasted a little at a time. For our main course, I believe I ordered Tagine Samek, which is filet of fish of the day stuffed with crabmeat kofta ($22.50). When the entre arrived, I was disappointed in the portion. It came in a large plate with a small cylinder shaped meal in the middle. My disappointment quickly disappeared when I tasted the fish. It was simply amazing and I ate the whole thing in no time. My co-worker allowed me to try her Riash Mashway entre ($26), which is Grilled Natural grass fed lamb chops. Normally, I don't eat lamb chops, but after tasting a piece of lamb chop, I wish I ordered that dish too. It was really delicious! When I saw Batatas Mahamora ($6.95) on the menu, I simply couldn't let that go. I am a fiend for French fries and when I saw "Egyptian style French fries seasoned with sumac" on the menu, I couldn't pass it up. How often will I get to eat here anyway? The Batatas Mahamora was served in a paper cone cup on a stand. I thought the portions were small for $6.95, but when I tasted it, all my negative feelings changed immediately. The food here is so good, I'm willing to splurge on the entire menu. After our entre, my co-worker ordered a few hookahs for us. They come in flavors like apple flavor. I've never heard of a hookah in my life so this is a very new experience for me. The hookah is a water pipe where tobacco passes through. It reminds me of what the Caterpillar smokes in the Alice in the Wonderland story. We each get a mouth piece and then breathe the hookah using the hose that is attached to it. It was fun, but I wasn't very good at it. One of my co-workers can make rings with the smoke in her mouth. At around 9:00 or 9:30pm, the belly dancer appears on the scene to dance for about a half hour. I was disappointed to see her dance for only a half an hour when we waited the whole night for her to appear. She dances throughout the entire restaurant so everybody has a chance to see her up close. Once she makes her rounds, it is over and she immediately goes back to change. I think this is a very special part of the experience and I wish the restaurant would extend this feature more. Overall, this is a very special restaurant and I can't bear to not give it a full five-star rating because with each disappointment, I am still thrilled. This restaurant offers everything to delicious cocktails, appetizers, entres, hookahs, belly dancing show, great atmosphere, great service, and optional private cabanas for couples. What more do we want besides more belly dancing?
An up-scale Egyptian spot in the West Village, Casa La Femme (located at 140 Charles Street) boasts of exotic decor and a romantic ambiance perfect for evening nights out in the village. It received a 3.5 stars from 128 reviews on Yelp. I had dinner and drinks here last night, which was a Saturday, arriving at around 7 PM, I was informed by the hostess that a lot of people book and reserve this place months in advance. My company wanted outdoor seating and we were told they did not have any outdoor seating, however they accommodated our requested and created outdoor seating for us, in which we got to sit in their birdcage seats, usually just used as decoration, while we had our drinks. Such an outstanding staff, going out of their way to please us. The place started to get packed with residents from the Upper East Side around 8 PM (as my business partner pointed out, their outfits say it all). The crowd is not of this trendy village, but uptowners coming downtown for their weekend night out, dressed to impress from head to toe, I believe I was the only casually dressed bon vivant there. (That's to unplanned, fancy food outings!) For drinks, I ordered the Quitini ($12-14) which consisted of grapefruit and a plethora of other flavors. For my entree, skipping an appetizer, I had the Tangine Alexandria ($35), which was absolutely fantastic! It comprised of scallops, shrimp, squid, potatoes and other vegetables and spices drenched in an Egyptian curry-like sauce, full of flavors and zest! The dish also came with a side of brown rice and was indeed quite filling. Overall: a 4/5 stars from me! Great service, great food and great atmosphere! For my review and photographs, please visit my blog: twentytwodreaming.wordpr…
In general very good impression about the place, a little bit overpriced, they add less than supposed to be alcohol in cocktails, but food is good, especially if can get this private booths you would like it. Romantic!!!! Belly dancers every 1-1,5 hours in the evening.
Wow is how I'll begin this review. Truly a great spot!   The folks that make this place up are beyond wonderful.  I think my friends and I spoke to everyone in this restaurant which ranged from the hostess, bartender, waiters, manager and belly dancer and can say nothing but great things. The place is beautiful and they didn't' miss a step on detail from every chair to the floor and chandeliers in the restrooms. I had the house recommended drink of lemon lime and champagne which came in a greatly sized glass with fresh mint. We enjoyed tent seating that only added to the evening's mood.  Our waiters were kind enough to pop by and make sure our tent was opened to see the belly dancers performance. The dancer was engaging and stopped by a couple of times to get our party up and dancing. The food was good.  Some favorites from last night that you may wish to try are as follows: Desserts: Kunefa, the shredded phyllo dough, stuffed with Egyptian custard was just titillating to ones taste buds. Not one bite escaped and no sharing of this delightful dessert.  One is in store for the smoothness of the custard and crunchiness of the shredded phyllo. App's: Felfel Mahschi and Crabmeat Kofta Mazzas select the trio Entrées-Firakh Mashwaya and Tagine Khodar.  The couscous is delicious, I can't recall the last time I enjoyed it as much Sides- we were big fans of the Fatta, the Egyptian style fries were also good (Batatas Mahamora). 5 stars for the food, the accommodating staff and the place.  This is a venue that I would visit again without hesitation. Parking was a breeze; I found a street spot in front of the place the minute I got there.
Wonderful ambiance!  Not the conventional sheesha place that one is use to seeing on Steinway in Astoria.  Upscale, classy, chic.  Can't comment on the food because I didn't have any, but just sitting back and enjoying the beverages are amazing.  Apparently there's good arabic music Thursday nights.  When I went on Friday, the music was all pop (minus the 20 minutes when the bellydancer took the stage).
Enjoyed some good food in a fun atmosphere. We did the 4 course pre fixe dinner with a wide selection. A great unexpected surprise in the west village hanging out with close friends.
Very nice ambiance - good Shisha, but needs to add a couple more flavor choices besides Double Apple - grape and peach recommended.
I really love this place, it's beautifully decorated, the food was amazing, and so is the hookah! Belly dancers and private tables...the atmosphere is pretty darn cool. They where very attentive to our needs, the music was WAY to loud so we asked to turn it down, they did immediately so we where more comfortable. The only thing I wish was different is the menu setup. It is a "Pre Fixed" meal, but really you end up just choosing an appetizer and an entree so you do have a choice, except on the price. it's an automatic $55 meal. No matter what you order. It seams really pricey for not really knowing exactly the meal portions and what to expect. You pretty much have to dive in and hope for the best. The good thing is, is that all of it was very very good food. The hummas and pita are addicting, I then had scallops....delicious, and chicken which was mouthwatering....all perfectly cooked and seasoned... I def recommend this place as a cool date spot or a place to go with a group of friends.
An excellent oasis in the West Village--the place is HUGE and gorgeously decorated, and its so refreshing to sit at a spacious table and feel like i'm not sitting on top of other diners. If you look at the menu you'll be impressed by the prices for the a la carte--entrees are all under 30. but as other reviewers stated, expect to be spending at least 75/person if you order food and drinks. there is not a single wine on the list for lass than 50 and the cocktails are all at least 15 bucks. if you order a hookah, which is a nice treat, its 35 bucks, FAR pricier than the many hookah bars around the city. the other thing is that the entree portions are small; even the hummos mezze was basically 2 pitas but the hummus came in a tiny little condiment cup. so, the food is great, the atmosphere is better, but be ready to dish out some dough--save this for a special night and you'll certainly enjoy. also, when we called to reserve, we were asked whether we wanted a table or a tent--if you get a tent, you HAVE to get the prix fix option. we got a table, and the tables are just as nice, so unless you really want the prix fixe, go with the table.
We had a 9:30pm reservation and didn't get a table until about 11pm. Once we get our table the waiters were running around like maniacs and barely stuck around to even greet us.  I was sooo disappointed with this place because I've been to a traditional restaurant in Egypt and this is not how they treat people.  The highlight of the evening was the belly dancer. If you want to go somewhere where the staff sticks their nose up at you and you get portions fit for an infant then I definitely recommend this place.
Wish Yelp gave half stars! Really warrants a 3.5 but I would not give it a 4, the food's hit or miss and it's more just the novelty and experience.  Offbeat cuisine but it's just Middle Eastern (Egyptian??) You have to order the right stuff... that's why you have my long, flowery Yelp reviews... :).. onwards.. Came here for a bachelorette party.  It's lavish, and has gorgeous decor, and it's really girly- so perfect for groups, a girl's night out and they say a date but I say it's too loud.  (Though those twotops with the Egyptian drapes in the darkness are sexy! If I were to come back, I kind of want to sit here and make out in public). Plus the belly dancers were fun (not the best I've seen, looking or talent wise) but I got to dance too, fun! It's unique, but in a weird location- in the residential heart of the West Village, though it has that  Meatpacking vibe. The intial mishaps were Casa Le Femme's fault but from my understanding, we made a reservation one week ago for 5 and it branched into 8.   We sat in the front, outside bar area.  Give them credit for the real grass and the serious drainage system they must have spent money on. Downside: it got hot.  Seating was tight (yes the funiture is nice, and fits the Egyptian theme,  though a little bourgeoise for my taste)  but we all made it.  The waitresses were good hosts as we were a little roudy and kept changing seating, so I don't hold their confusion that against them.  I propose a redo wearing Cleopatra headdresses. I think most people are sore about Casa Le Femme being too expensive- and also really stealthy about their prices (sketcharama).  As mentioned, their drink menu is price-less, and I don't believe a lot of the wine bottles are marked... hmmm... We had to order from the 3 course pre fix at $55 a pop.  I guess that's not really steep but then again you can't compare this place to a JG... this place is more trendy than anything, a facade of fine dining laced with lots of B&T.  We got to choose an app,  and a main. I was annoyed that the first course was actually the hummus and pita bread (which was bland, and the hummus didn't taste fresh) because it should basically be free as the bread basket! Totally a rip off..  there was just regular hummus, babaganoush, and fava bean puree..tasted no difference between any of them. Just the sour taste of bad hummus.The pita was not even warm and fresh, but tasted hard and chewy.  Bigtime boo for my carb-loving self. Among the apps, I got the argula salad.. nothing special.  It was nice fresh greens, some cherry tomatoes and some Egyptian cheese which tasted like mozzarella. Weird choice of cheese but the salad was sweet and simple.  Nice simple olive oil and seasalt dressing.  No complaints here. Other notable starters: spicy Egyptian sausage, and the sweet bell peppers stuffed with rice and herbs. For the main course, I opted to get the prawns- mainly because I didn't think anything else was appetizing. I don't eat lamb which I know is a Middle Eastern speciality but most of the other girls did. I heard it was just ok and very gamey.  My sister got the stuffed fish... I can't remember what it was but from what I gathered it was tilapia... stuffed with crab meat. Weird how they don't say on the menu. Way too heavy.  If you're opting for this to be healthy, don't.  I asked the waitress if the prawns were cooked with the shell- and she said they were, which made them really messy to eat.  But, she explained that this gave them more favor (plesantly surprised she was more informed than just any waitress but naturally I knew that already!)  And the prawns did have flavor!  They were a mess to eat but it was so dark and everyone else was so hammered I figured no one would care if I used my hands.   The sauce was very flavorful-  a sweet/spicy sauce paste, and even more banging was the cous couse it came with.  It had some kind of nutty flavor. Yum. I'd say I like my dish more so than everyone else like theirs.  If I were to go back, I'd probably opt for the chicken as that looked pretty good.. with sumac.  Love introducing the taste buds to some unique spices... (wow serious food nerd...*feels sheepish*)  Portions sizes are good.   We finished with dessert, which we needed to order a la carte (this should have been in the pre-fix, grr) . We got what I thought was the best baklava I've ever had... and I actually hate baklava.. it's always too sweet , sugary and greasy.  This baklava- infused with coconut was the bomb!  It came in small little pieces too (which they added just for us, undoubtedly not without charging an arm and a leg extra); because those little pieces looked too perfect to be actually cut. And another coconut flan thing- that was good too. But the bak was the best! I'd come back for someone's party but being that we ordered 3 bottles of unmarked wine (one Spanish one good)- BUT don't think this is not going to cost you!!
Superb! An upscale environment with the best hookah I've had in my lifetime. So smooth, you pay for the atmosphere of course. We upgraded our hookah for an additional $10 (fennel special). Our hookah ended up costing $45. The service was outstanding as well, very friendly staff. You must go visit. But go expecting to pay a pretty penny.
All I have to say is.......The service was TERRIBLE!  Waited 20 mins for menus and 20 mins for wine. Wish I had a better experience.
Went here last night with my honey...we had a wonderful time...ambiance is lovely belly dancer was great but wish it would've lasted longer...food was wonderful...we had a tent table which allows you to have some private time and three course meal for 60 a person..all in all great experience we will be coming back soon
LOVE this place! I wanted to have a romantic dinner with my bf so i called and made reservation. When we got there place was so beautiful.Decor is amazing! We sat at one of the booth. So private and romantic. Food was Excellent! Service was amazing! They had a belly dance girl dancing in front of each table which was so cool! Then later we tried hookah...sooo good! A bit pricey place but service and food is EXCELLENT! Highly recommend this place!
Where to start... We made reservations for the non pre-fix menu. When we were seated we were given pre-fix and once we advised that we wanted to order a la carte we were advised that the section we were seated did not have that option. The server then came back after discussing it with his manager and said they would make an exception for us. We were then told we couldn't order appetizers and then afterwards put in our entree orders since the kitchen needed to know what we wanted in one instance. Then, about a half hour after taking our order, we were advised that there was another party that had our section reserved and that we would need to finish our food before they got there. Then when the food came. Everything was articulated very well however the food was only mediocre, and overpriced for the quality. One of us ordered the eggplant  entree, which cam with cheese but it didn't cover the entire dish, and when we asked for more we were advised that it would be considered an $8 side, which the server added onto to bill. Finally, the bill arrived and it had an extra drink charge on it and needed to be redone. If you are looking for a place to relax and enjoy a good dinner experience with a group of friends than I would recommend staying away from Casa La Femme.
This place rocks. It's comfortable great food and GREAT atmosphere. Go here for a Egyptian/ chic/hookah/great food experience. Great place for a first date. I had a stuffed fish with crab for dinner and finished with hookah an a sexy belly dancer. Awsome.
The hookah is overpriced and not that great of a variety. I went here with my girlfriend for a romantic dinner, and I booked a reservation and left a not saying, "Please make it romantic." Whoever was there did a great job by giving us a nice table for two along with a candle lit dinner and rose pedals all over the table. The grass is freshly put down and the doors are all open so it's great for the summer time. The menu is pretty good. All in all I would recommend this place to give it a shot, the venue is the best part, you can drink, eat, smoke hookah, enjoy a beautiful night, and I forgot to mention there is a belly dancer there at times.
Spent my birthday here. Food was amazing , atmosphere very romantic. The staff was very welcoming and very knowledgeable. Friendly but not hovering. Overall no negatives at all with my meal. Dessert was amazing!
Maybe a 3.5. Service was nice - they were attentive, and refilled water a lot. Many people complained about it, but I have no complaints. My waiter explained everything to me when asked and was prompt about coming around. It might have to do with the fact that I came in the middle of the week and there weren't that many people, but I have to say my experience with the service was wonderful - 4.5 stars! Ambiance - I like it, except for that grass carpet. Nice idea, but it attracts bugs, and my ankle was all lumpy that night with little bug bites! Food - tasty, perfect size so that you don't get too full! Price - this is why I need to knock off at least a whole star - much too expensive for what it is. I got the moussaka with Moroccan tea. The tea was nice, and I suppose you are paying in part for the display, so there I am not complaining, but the moussaka was more than I have ever paid for moussaka, especially veggie moussaka! Side note: BATHROOM IS WONDERFUL! They are clean, and nice, and if the bathroom to kitchen cleanliness comparison rule applies, then it means that the kitchen is very clean!
Excellent service, so-so food, and great entertainment.  oh yea, I happened to go when the housewives of atlanta were filming.
i came here for a bachlorette dinner party. the decor was nicely set up for an exotic atmosphere. belly dancing was promised as part of the dinner show. the place was beautiful but hard to find. there was no restaurant name that was seen outside. and yes, there was belly dancing, but only one belly dancer. i was expecting more, especially from the size of the restaurant. the belly dancer was beautiful but she performed no more than an hour at most. of that i was a bit disappointed. i'm not sure if it was bc of the large group (there were 16 of us), but we had to do a set menu of $45 pp. being from out of town, i'm not sure how this price ranges with others in comparison, but the dips were really good - i loved the original hummus and the eggplant one. i chose crab cakes and there were some bold flavours (incl lime) that enhanced the spices used in the crab cakes even more. for entree, i had a type of braised vegetable dish which was pretty good except that i was too full to eat more than a few bites. the service was good, although i felt a bit rushed and some of them weren't very professional. our main waitress had asked one of our girls what she would like to drink twice in a span of 5 minutes. also, there were a few mishaps, with one of the waiters refilling water and missing the cup completely and pouring the water into one of the girl's laps. luckily she had her napkin there and the waiter had faster reflexes. another few incidents that occurred over the night was the regular occurrence of dishes being dropped and breaking. the restrooms are also beautiful, but unisex and you can't really tell if one is occupied or not. you just have to try all the doors until you get one that opens (and if you're unlucky, the person inside has forgotten to lock it) or wait awkwardly in the middle of the semicircle of restroom doors. bottom line: good experience but i wouldn't come back.
Very Pricy but a great date spot if you are willing to splurge.  I came here for valentine's day last year while they were still "previewing" this new location.  I had a reservation for one of their "tents" which was perfect. They bring you the food then you can close the curtain like tent which is great for a date so you can conversate. The food is great and the ambience fits the scene.  I went to their original location years back in soho where the floor was real grass but this new location is a little more dressy than the old location and no grass floor.  But overall it was great except for the $100/head price tag.
Interesting space. Fun vibe. Expensive food. VERY pricey drinks.
Full. Food yummy. Engaging Belly- Dancer. Absolutely beautiful atmosphere. Awesome waiters. Felt like you had the place to yourself. Dinner for two with 3 drinks not included in prix fixe and a side order of egyptian fries = $200+ with gratuity.
Very expensive ... Food is average .... We ended up spending $40 per person ...
Stopped here last night for drinks. The staff were very attentive and in tune with our needs. Hadn't smoked a hookah in a long time... That coupled with the lovely and humorous belly dancer made for a good night!
The steak is awesome the cow that is sacrificed only ate organic grass!  Friday is belly dancer night. You can sit in a tent!! I love it here!!!!!!
went to a party here last night.. what a fun place to hang out...  super nice staff, everything was perfect... Room was really cool, lots of little corners to hang out in..   i was wondering what the hell this place was, didnt realize it was a restaurant until i just googled the address...   will have to go back and eat some time..
Not particularly Egyptian, Egyptian  food and the whole prix 5 menu is a little annoying.   With that said, great drinks, fabulous hookah, great interior, and great service.......I wish I could rate this place higher, if not for the menu.  Also, interestingly enough, the belly dancer was very good but there for a short period.
Casa La Femme is absolutely over-rated . I came here to celebrate my birthday. There was nothing special about the food. It was pricey, and not worth it. You pay for the experiece not the food. I don't know about you, but I like a great dish and unforgetable experience. The place has beautiful decor, and they have belly dancers who put on a show. The bellydancers were pretty amazing. Had it not been for the performance than I'd give this place one star. I almost forgot to mention their Hummus with Pita bread was not bad. However, I am less likely to come here again. I'm still on the search for a good Morracan restaurant.
I went for a birthday dinner. Party of 12. Prefixed menu with great choices. Enjoyed the food and the hookah as well. Red sangria was juice. Services was friendly but slightly forgetful.
eh... came here for a birthday party. while the place IS beautifully decorated, the cuisine wasn't really doing it for me. wanted to grab something light but because we had a large party, we had to get the prix fixe. and we were gonna go partying afterwards. had the grilled squid and grilled scallops. nothing spectacular. i can make it myself at home, but whatever. heard the lamb is really good, but i don't like lamb. but if you do and you like hookah and wanna see belly dancing then i guess this place is for you. I don't do hookah and if I wanted to see girls dancing, I'd just look at my friends. just saying. so theme and entertainment wise, it's alright here. food? eh.
Went with a party of 10.Took a while for the food to arrive but it was really good! Didn't know the entire place is price fixe but it was well worth it. If only the service was quicker and the food came out faster it would have gotten 5 stars! But overall not bad at all!!
I love hookah I mean legit double apple hookah....this my friends is the real deal. Sure, it's about 20 bucks more than you'll pay in the east village, or at any laminated menu hookah bar sans alcohol spot (I'm not hating I promise!) but when you consider the sultry atmosphere, strong cocktails and the fact that this is the best damn hookah around, it's well worth it. The constant beats emanating from the dj 'booth'--aka computer set-up I think lol made for a nice vibe (oooo golden oldies as u get into the wee hours) and it's a major plus that Casa is open til 4 on the weekends, something that's hard to find sometimes, even in this city that never sleeps...bc it clearly does :-) Champagne cocktail with guava was divine as were the martinis. Prepare to throw down some cash...but have a great time doing it. (Can't speak for the food for I usually don't equate a night out to a swanky hookah bar as including food as well, (plus the fare is quite expensive) but I did steal a bite of baklava from a friend and it was delicious) --Great place for parties too....annndd as if you didn't get it from the other posts, they lay down grass during the summer months--pretty cool
A bit pricey but the food and service were exceptional.
Good food. Good service. Good drinks. I don't think it's pricey, just pricey for the quality. This restaurant's made up of mostly decor, and honestly that's what I was looking for. A candle lit reclusive corner, and that it provided. It was an experience. If they'd up their ante and make it into a better rounded establishment I would come religiously. Cute chairs and cute drinks isn't enough.
A spectacular setting for surprisingly good food. Try the Batatas Mahamora - best in NYC.
favorite restaurant in NYC. Love the ambiance and food, owner is a sweetheart too. Go!
Food was good, service was awful...uncoordinated staff
Decor was nice, but the meal left much to be desired for the price. Starting with the pricey champagne cocktails we ordered, cheap champagne and they actually tried to pass it off as a cocktail and had not added any other ingredients, when called out on this , they added guava juice to the cocktail and said that they were actually trying new flavors and the previous elderflower cocktail i had ordered seemed not to be to any ones taste!. WEIRD.  I wouldn't recommend this place for authentic Egyptian at all. The belly dancer was nice as a show and the tents were nice and cozy. Wait staff was very nice and friendly as well.
I think when I was little my mom referred to places like this as a " clip joint". When you walk in you are told if you want to eat from the a la carte menu you can sit in what is sort of an unappealing area on the other side of the bar. If you want to sit in the very attractive dining room with the tented tables its the prix fixe menu. Ok we were there for a "fun" night to cap off a birthday weekend. Bring on the $55 per person menu. They brought a menu but actually as others stated the five courses is hooey. You really choose a stater and a main course. None even mediocre. Four people got four different things and nothing was decent. They also unk down a crappy miniscule baclava and minicupcake for dessert. No onone at our table ate it- it was that bad. Most galling however was the waiter who acted as though he hated us from the start. The table next to us was large and loud and our waiter spoke in a whisper- making it hard to hear how things were prepared etc. when we asked him to repeat he seemed more annoyed. The waiter at the next table offered his group wine and sides with their meals our waiter - 20$ fruity drinks and a sullen attitude. So if you want to feel like a tourist on a tour getting taken advantage of- this restaurant will give you that experience. Also no hookah or belly dancer on Sunday.
I had another incredible night last night at Casa La Femme!! It was just absolutely fantastic! I first went there to propose to my girlfriend on last valentines day and they created an enchanting environment for the proposal:) last night my friends had a steam punk wedding party. The staff at casa la femme provided stellar service to all our needs!! The managers Luis and Rose were there to make sure our night was an evening to remember! My friends traveled from California to NYC for an incredible day. They ended it with enchanting belly dancing from the BEST DANCER Kristi. Overall it was a blissful evening. I would love to have my wedding here! It would be amazing!!!!  I can not wait to go back!!
A few of us visited Casa La Femme on Charles St. on Monday night (August 31). To begin with, I have to say I was really impressed with the ambiance. The decor was beautiful and romantic. I mean, really, it was the best part of the evening. The food was decent as well. Not the best Egyptian food I've had, but good enough and reasonably priced. The service was slightly off. We already had our drinks on the table and had ordered our food before water was poured for us. Another small quibble--I ordered the Glenlivet 12, and when the waiter brought my drink, he informed me that they were out of 12, so he brought Glenlivet 15 instead. Typically this means they are charging for the 12-year, or they would have asked if I wanted to pay the upcharge for the 15-year. When I received the bill, I was charged for the 15-year.  I chalked it up to inexperience, and otherwise the evening was nice. It was very dead in the area we were sitting (no belly dancer, no hookah pipes), but it was Monday night, so I guess it's to be expected. Overall, it was fine and I would probably go back.
Growing up in an Egyptian household, I can definitely appreciate the feeling I get from getting warm and beautifully served dish that does not deviate far from what you would find in a Middle Eastern country.  I went to Casa on a Thursday night with a small group of friends to celebrate a birthday.  From the moment we walked in we were graciously catered to by the hostess.  Although it was only a Thursday night, there was a decent crowd full of energy especially when the belly dancer came out. In terms of food, the entrees were my favorite part.  The lamb chops and chicken were AMAZING and the spices on them out of this world.  My vegetarian friend also said he was happily surprised by how good the tagine was. In terms of decor, the restaurant gives you the feel of an Arabian aristocrat enjoying a pleasant summer day.   Although we did not sit in the tents, it did seem like they provided a good romantic getaway for some of the couples that were there.  Even the bathrooms were really cool and modern (you'd have to see it to understand what I mean). Would I come back? DEFINITELY.  It seems like the place I can take my girlfriend for a romantic dinner or even to hang with my buddies before going to a club.  I can agree with other reviewers that the place is a bit pricey, but you are not going to find another place this cool in New York and maybe in any other city.
A friend and I hosted an event in the lounge area of Casa La Femme about a year ago.  Between the drinks, hookah, belly dancer and fabulous decor, a good time was had by all. I went back for the first time last Saturday for late night drinks with a friend.  We were seated at a table in the lounge area where the waitress made it very clear, by her body language and lack of attention, that she was not interested in serving us.  After waiting more the 15 minutes to order drinks, in an area that was less than half full, we decided to leave.  But before heading out I spoke with a manager.  To say the least they were overly accommodating and extremely attentive to our needs.  Both managers on hand that evening came by, comp'd us drinks, and personally apologized.  We were so impressed that we decided to stay and had a wonderful rest of the the night.   Despite the rude waitress I would definitely go back to Casa La Femme.  In addition to great food and service,  excellent management makes a top notch restaurant stand out out from the rest.  If you've never been, give Casa La Femme a try!
I took my boyfriend for his birthday on Saturday and we both had a really nice time. It was our first time in an Egyptian restaurant and the experience by sitting under the curtains and being waited on by our really nice waitress name Jessica made our night even better.  Her knowledge of the wines, drinks and the food made it easy to chose something we would both like.  The quality of food was great, the service was superb and the ambiance was just lovely.  The belly dancer was the icing on the cake.  For my boyfriend that is! :) She was lovely and very entertaining.  We would definitely go back!
Intimate, charming, romantic.  Bring your significant other here, as the bf did for my bday, and you are bound to have an enchanting evening.  Super cozy tents dot the periphery, while a belly dancer does her thing in the middle.  Elaborate and ornate to the extreme, but that's the point.  A lovely date spot with ambiance like no other, and great food to match.
I had a wonderful experience at Casa La Femme.  The food, decor, ambiance, staff, entertainment... everything was superb.  I highly recommend it.  I am looking forward to dining there again -- soon!
Made reservations for my birthday celebration for 15. Showed up and it was only 9 of us and they were accommodating to the fact in was less people. The ambiance was beautifully dark and sexy. We did the pre-fixe menu and overall i have to say i was impressed with the food, everyone in my group was. We ordered bottles of wine which yes are a bit pricey but you go there KNOWING that things are going to be pricey.. it's NYC. The service over all was good for me, the runners did mix up a few peoples food but they were great about bringing out what everyone ordered once we mentioned their mix up. A friend came very late, just as our 3rd courses came out and they were accommodating in seating him at our table and putting in his order quickly. The belly dancer was supposed to come on at 9 originally, then 9:15, it was about 9:45 when she finally did- which was a tad annoying considering i picked this place specifically for a belly dancer entertainment . I was hoping for a more exotic dancer and not a white girl with blonde hair. Our reservation was for 7:30 and it was still really quiet in the resturant at that time. by the time we left closer to 10. It was packed. Overall a great experience and i'd definitely go there again. Next time to get hookah!
It was definitely a great experience, my girls and I decided to go there for a night out . Perfect atmosphere, music was great, food was great, kinda pricey, and cheap on the glass of wine. But overall it was a great night, and we will be there again.
I had dinner here for the first time last night and it was wonderful! Rose, the manager, was extremely friendly and very helpful!  They don't rush their customers at all, so i wouldn't recommend coming here if you are in a rush.  we had the branzino and the lamb chops!! Both were EXCELLENT!!! I would recommend this place for after work drinks and dinner!!
Don't.  Just don't.  I'll write a real review when I can get over over how terrible the service was.  Ps. the waiter through a menu at me.  Yes it's true.
Wife and I went there tonite for our anniversary , have to say the place was very romantic ,the decor is gorgeous and the staff was very friendly and very informative about there menu . Hate when I go to a place and the servers don't even know what there serving and what the ingredients are. The manager came over to the table and asked us how our dinner was , and also comp us on some champagne for our anniversary . To me that goes a long way very classy and thank you. As far as the food goes I have one thing to say scrumptious fresh and tasty. Gotta try the grilled  octopus wife raved about it tried and it was excellent. Thank you for a wonderful out nite. Before I forget belly dancer was also amazing ..
i pretty much joined yelp to let the world know how truly vile this place is. i have never had a worse restaurant experience in my life. my LIFE. the food was disgusting. the staff was obscenely rude. the manager is a straight up DB. and the clientele is tacky...very housewives of new jersey. i do not have a single good thing to say about this place. do not go here!!! especially if it is a special occasion. i sincerely want to spare people the disappointment. oh, and the money. grossly overpriced for what you get. suck city!!!
decent place- good decor, average food. i like the fact that they have white transparent curtains if u will. should have them more
The two star rating is for the ambience and decor! That's it. I have to say, the decor is incredible; looks romantic and cozy with cool people who I bet are there for the first time because the food they are about to taste will make them never go back there again, unless all they want is  a drink. I was there last night for my friend's bday party. We were about 7 people. I was really looking forward to good hearty Egyptian food.. When the dishes arrived, we all burst out laughing.. So let me explain why. The hummus tasted like they had taken a can of chick peas and mashed it with a potato masher. The pita was from Shop Rite. The cow/sheep milk cheese was sliced into logs (thin and small) that when they arrived, I thought it was butter (that was an appetizer) and I didn't even look at the price but these pathetic dishes were expensive. The sausage (main dish) were Jimmy Dean's and they were the smallest, thinnest (uh, hu...... ;-)    ) little thingies put on a plate with nothing to it (other than a tomato and yogurt dip in tiny scoops; probably picked up at the 99 cents store). Then came some tomato dish that looked like they went to the Farmer's Market..and I say Farmer's Market because the tomatoes were really fresh, and as we know, when we buy cherry tomatoes, they come in a green basket... Well, the chef took the whole basket and shook it up with mashed cheese (cow/sheep probably) and turned it upside down on the plate.. . IF only I would have my camera.. Other dishes were presented in the same way - I would love to tell the chef that trying to present Costco foods in a gourmet way simply does not work. Please change your food and serve some nice authentic hearty Egyptian foods from authentic recipes. Casa La Femme put in a lot of money for the renovation. The place used to be a gym and they really did well with the decor so I give them credit for that - if only they can live up to that with the food they serve, I think this place can be successful. The location is great too - I just want to see how long they'll last .
DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!! Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner. Appetizers took nearly an hour. When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing. Never got an explanation as to what was going on. The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly. When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing. On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues. CAN'T BELIEVE HOW AN EXPENSIVE NYC RESTAURANT CAN BE SO DISRESPECTFUL TO ITS CLIENTS!!
Came here for my birthday last night with 5 of my girlfriends. The ambiance was breathtaking. Words can't express you have to see for yourself. I felt like I took a flight to Morocco simply beautiful even the Exit sign was  SEXY!!!!! :-) Now on the food, everything was fresh and flavorful. I had a pre-fix meal which was an array of hummus, crab cakes, and Lamb....DELISH!!!! I can't believe this place received such bad reviews on service. The wait staff was so attentive and funny as well. One of the servers even peeled one of my friends Prawns....Now thats service. I can't wait to go back but this time it will be with my man behind the curtains if you know what I mean. This place is truly sexy
As soon as I walked in I felt like Jasmine from Aladdin. Perfect for a "date night" or if your celebrating an anniversary, but be sure to make a reservation!! They are constantly booked. Think Arabian Knights. Gorgeous decor down to every last detail. Even the bathroom; gives new meaning to being on the throne:0) The drinks are pricey ($13-$18) but in my opinion worth it. I've never had traditional Egyptian food but I enjoyed the Bronzini dish(Mediterranean Sea bass; bones sucked but that was my choice, they did offer me a filet) & I stole one of my friends lamb chops that were cooked to a perfect medium-rare. A must try is the crab appetizer, skip the sogo(sausage). I do need to go back & try the squid salad as I noticed many ordered that dish. They have very attractive belly dancers that comes out twice a night & dance around all the tables. After dinner we did hookah & after a little chat w/the manager he was nice enough to send the dancer back over. She did a sexy little number with candles & we tipped her well! Will definitely return!
Beautiful ambience an nice to impress a date. However very expensive and food was not worth the prices. Went on a Saturday night prefix menu  at $60. The price seemed fair but for what you get isn't even worth it. The first course consisted of hummus , babaganous, and foul. The appetizers were ok but it was served with only 2 pieces of pita. When  asked for another piece to finish it off it never came. The crab kofta was excellent. the arugula salad was nothing but arugula on a plate with some sort of olive oil dressing.  Dinner was the salmon and again nothing spectacular. No sides and no presentation. Just a piece of fish with a slice of lemon. Dessert was a bite size mini fillo pastry which was ok. For  what they charge I feel service and food could be stepped up a notch. Overall nice place if you really wanna impress someone. And once you receive the check you will definitely have a long lasting memorable experience.
Delicious Egyptian meal. Very romantic. You are seated in a canopy style seating. The hummus is delicious. Sometimes they have belly dancing shows. we ordered the prix fixe: Hummus is delicious the pita bread comes out fresh all puffed up. The crabcake kofta is also good. Goulash Bil Gibnah  is good which is a phyllo dough pastry with mushroom and leeks. I had the grilled whole fish, it was okay. It was fried on the bone, so it was annoying to eat. Desserts are great especially baklava.
I had my birthday here on a beautiful June night. The place is absolutely gorgeous... but whay too pricey. I thought because I did my bday here and brought 30 people that they would do something to hook it up, but didn't. The cocktails are pretty expensive at around 15 a pop. The food was decent. Lamb chops were on point. Everyone ended up spending about 100$ each  The belly dancer came on around 11ish and stayed for a good 30 minutes which was definitely  the highlight of the night. We shut the place down at about 2pm and it was a Saturday! That I did not like, I was hoping for some dancing and loud music (which is what was promised upon booking my birthday here) but they informed me that they did not have their music license so they couldn't. Although, it was beautiful and a good time, I wouldn't suggest for others to do their birthday here. It's better as an intimate setting. Great for a date!
I went there on a Sunday with a group of friends. It was basically empty, very limited selection for beer, I believe they only had 1 type of bottled beer??. The food was actually pretty good, we had mostly appetizers. They did not have a dessert menu?? Overall not a bad dining experience.
I love this place. I always have a great time here. Love the food, music, ambience and the dancers. they have never dissappointed me.
Friendly staff in a sophisticatedly fun decor.  I would definitely organize a group event here.
The service is excellent. The food is mediocre. The ambiance is outstanding. Go with friends, stay for the bellydancing, and get the arak on the rocks.
the venue: love the decor. good vibe. we had a nice little private tent; although fitting 6 people around the tiny table was uncomfortable, it was a cool idea the service: we had to ask for the same drink 5 times before it finally came. they did not once come up to see how everything is or if we need anything else. I think they are desperately understaffed. That being said, it is still no excuse for the lack of professionalism. we had to sit and wait for forks after the food arrived. we wanted to order appetizers first and then order entrees. the waiter said we have to order everything together and then walked away! we were ready to order both if he would have waited for our response. when we finally caught him again, we told him we want to split the appetizers. it would have been nice for him to mention that each appetizer comes in the smallest portions ever and meant for 1-2 people, not 6! ok fine... then come the entrees, we were not really hungry. mostly came for drinks and to celebrate a friend's grad school acceptance ... the waiter blatantly stated that the restaurant has "a policy" that each person has to order an entree. i've never ever in my entire life heard of any restaurant having such a policy. that is beyond ridiculous. so depending on the number of people is the number of entrees you are REQUIRED to order. the food: delicious. no complaints except for the appetizers. wish we would have known they were so small. you have to order sides because whatever you order, thats it. I had lamb-chops and couscous, my boyfriend had the fish of the day. both were delicious. the belly dancer: very entertaining. overall: will return but probably for just hookah and drinks
i organised a surprise birthday at Casa La femme. It was a great success. Sarina the events manager was fabulous and most helpful in organising a party of 12. We were seated in the tents, food was great as was the service. - Not to mention the belly dancers!!
Wow, my girlfriends and I had a great time here saturday night!  Although we were initially disappointed they had no tables available, we were directed to the bar where two very nice (and very cute) bartenders made our night.  Will and Kansas served up our drinks and food all night.  We drank their signature cocktails from the drink list and ordered food which was deeeelish!  Very highly recommended.  The dj was great and the belly dancers were fun to watch, too.  Next time we will remember to make reservations as the place fills up very quickly.
Casa La Femme is amazing!  Great service, good food and a private setting - perfect for a first date or any love birds out there!!!!! A must go.
Love the bar up front - transports you to another place and time.  Bartenders are very attentive and friendly.  Been here for numerous parties - always a good time always a good scene.  Great place to take people from out of town to show them you can truly find anything you want in manhattan!!!
really fun atmosphere. accommodating to group of 12. great food and hookah. sexy and beautiful atmosphere. belly dancer. music needs improvement and a few decibels lowered
