Fantastic vintage store. They have everything from vintage clothing to suitcases to furniture. They also have an amazing collection of vinyl that made me want to go out and buy a turntable. The store is predominantly clothing, but you can definitely find some other hidden gems. They had a lot of great vintage pieces of luggage. I would have bought one, but I am a crunchy back pack guy. I can't pull off the vintage suitcase. They seem to do a bit of furniture restoration, and the pieces they had were great. Unique, fun items. Prices were pretty reasonable too considering the quality of their selection.
The customer service I received here was incredible. A great gem of Hoboken! Thanks for the experience!
I've lived in this area for years and I just recently discovered this little gem? How rude! So many intricate pieces, and things you won't see anywhere else. The girls that work here are super cool and prices are fair. If you like them on fb or check-in on yelp they give you a discount!
This place is absolutely lovely. The girls are very friendly and helpful and their merchandise is so original and cool. You will find pretty much anything vintage you are looking for here. The first time I visited I left with two pairs of leather gloves, both for less than $30 if I remember right. I you buy a gift they will wrap it for you and if you like them on FB and/or check-in on Yelp they give you a little discount. Cute little place to visit with charming clothes, nice staff and just cool and authentic all the way around! Love it! P.S. It would be a nice little stop before or after a date with someone special ;-)
This enormous vintage shopping heaven is worth a trip for any lover of truly beautiful vintage clothing, shoes, handbags, gloves, hats, etc.  They even have men's clothes.  It's simply a treasure trove of lovely and unique finds from eras long past.  Prices are amazing and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful.  My favorite clutch was purchased here for $10...  Mod dresses from the 1960's run $45...Far less than what you would expect to spend in NYC or Brooklyn.  The store and merchandise are very well laid out, clean and organized. My stylish best friend, a fashion industry executive, introduced me to this shop.  It is her favorite shop - she visits weekly and even found her dream pristine 1960's lace wedding gown here as well as expert personalized alteration services.  I cannot leave this store without finding at least one unique and special piece myself. If you come here on a spring or summer weekend, may I suggest making a little day trip out of it and grabbing a bite from Hoboken's awesome vegan food truck, Cinnamon Snail and enjoying a picnic in the park.
Hoboken comes to mind I think of the bars, then some more bars and maybe some pizza, Some call Off the beaten path --you know that are in Hoboken in the morning where Traffic just stop people don't know to go left or Right ...JUST GO ! I usually catch the path to work but somehow I was getting a ride. There is place on route that says INDIAN FURNITURE I always wondered what was in there ,but truest behold  outside of the industrial building  they somehow created Window sills. Think Pee Wee Herman's play house with  flower box (those flowers were so hot) but they were  painted  high yellow. the Vintage store was named Revival.  Ahh I remember this is the funky place on 6th and Madison. The stepped it up from Tiny to Hugh ..think Economy good business to be in. Wow now the selection for men is not as big as the women but it's usually like that had a female companion she found a 40s dress for $45.00 she was excited as this is her first vintage store ..so I broke her vintage virginity .she is "addicted" now ...retro junkie Great assortment of Jackets and bow ties I'm a sucker for a bow tie. Funny was more men in there than women! I didn't find anything until I was leaving there was a sales rack nothing beats a sale rack at a vintage store it's were the forgotten have gone. I found a Arnold Palmer red jacket reminiscent of James dean rebel without a cause (don't ask)  I always wanted one never found till now. 10.00 YES!!! Best part to me is the Owner (well I assume was the owner) He was very knowledgeable ask me if I knew who Arnold Palmer was the girl at the register was 18 years old so I don't think she was the owner ..Her answer was "a drink" ha-ha well he explained.  I was going to buy this jacket if no one would.  Then I thought., well why would you buy it if you're the owner?? OK Maybe he is not VERTIGO just happened.  He continued that  this jacket was big in the 60s and everyone love A/P jackets. umm groovy?! I love the white shopping bag they give you when you purchase with the sticker on it sometimes simple is the best
this is the best vintage store in the world!!!! I travel from brooklyn to Hoboken to get my prized vintage finds here... great show stopper pieces on every rack I love it!! I feel bad for people who think they have to go to H&M and forever 21 to look hot!! noooo go grab a sexy 70's dress from revival and get ready for the heads to turn hahahaa!! # I Love Revival Vintage
I really love this place.  I have been shopping here for a few years even back when they were at there old location. I have purchased several items from here and also used there alteration services for items I have purchased at Revival or thrifted on my own.  The shop itself now is in a tucked away area of Hoboken but the space is very large and they have a lot of items to choose from.  The décor itself is a little "kitschy" and less "chic" but  the selection is makes up for it.  What I like most about this vintage store is the owner carries a lot of older pieces from the 40's, 50's and 60's which are harder to find when you thrift on your own.  The items are also clean and maintained.   The owner and staff are very nice and always helpful.  Each time I have come here they have suggested something to me and I have bought at least one thing.  Last time the sales girl suggested an old bonnet hair dryer in a faux alligator case based off the rest of my selections. I love it! The prices are very fair.  The owner prices the correct way based on era and intricacy of the item, the prices are not exaggerated like you find in NYC.  In the past the owner also let you trade, they also give you a small discount when you check in on Facebook. I would highly recommend stopping by if you are in the area or can take the trip!
Cute vintage store well hidden in Hoboken but it's so worth it to look for it... For a vintage store it's actually reasonable priced...
I came across this little gem a few weeks back, and could not be more happy with my find. Despite it being a tiny little venue, they are homes to tons of great finds - from wonderful fun vintage jewelery, to designer shoes from the 80's, to even shot glasses of the past, they have it all. I could spend hours in this place, uncovering all the treasures of the store. The prices are also beyond reasonable, and the woman who owns the shop REALLY knows and appreciates vintage fashion - what more could you ask for? They have men's fashion as well - this is not strictly for the ladies. I highly, highly recommend this vintage shop as a must-stop - which I do, every week!
As another reviewer said, I hesitate to write this because I want this amazing place all to myself!  I love vintage shopping.  I am always in search of those perfect vintage items and that perfect little vintage shop.  I go to lots of vintage stores and this one is in my top two favorites.  When I die and go to heaven, I really hope this shop is there because I cannot imagine existing without being able to go to Revival Vintage!! The owner of the store, Diana, is the sweetest person.  My friend and I ventured in on one of those insanely hot days and right away she offered us something to drink.  I mean, really?  Who even does that anymore?  The amazing person that she is translates directly to the store.  You can tell she is so passionate about every single piece she puts on the racks.  She works hard to find the best pieces that her customers will appreciate.  Diana creates this atmosphere where it's almost like you're going to your best friend's house and you're looking through her closet.  Because she is so warm and inviting, so is the store. As for prices, completely reasonable.  If you're used to some of the NYC prices, this shop is definitely for you.  You can find fantastic items and not spend a fortune.  The quality of the clothing, hats, and accessories are great.  I didn't see any holes or stains while shopping.  That's something I think we all appreciate when vintage shopping. I collect vintage hats and this boutique has an incredible collection.  I literally could spend an entire day trying on all the hats. In addition to the boutique, there is also a second location that just opened.  So...definitely take a trip to Hoboken to check them both out!    There really are some wonderful treasures to find!  Go have a look for yourself.  Just make sure you leave some 50s dresses for me.
This store has some really cute things and is reasonably priced. My only issue is that they keep weird hours and on one occasion were not opened when they were supposed to be.
Revival is a really fantastic vintage store. You will not be disappointed.
Today was my first visit, and it definitely won't be my last! The shop was well organized, inspiring, imaginative, and clean. The gentlan who was working made his presence known and then left me to browse peacefully on my own. The shop was packed with actual vintage - fun pieces in good condition from different eras. There were a large variety of accessories and small home items too. I found myself smiling a lot as I looked over the cheerful displays. Even the dressing rooms were fun! Giant drapes encircling a cute little sitting area with a mirror. The prices were a bit higher than I would have liked, but I am generally accustomed to more down-and-dirty thrift shopping, which definitely leaves out the wonderful aesthetic experience. I walked out with a gorgeous silk kimono for $65. Considered a few other pieces, but my general splurging of late caused me to watch my spending. A delightful, happy, beautiful store!
I've found some really great things at Revival. They have real vintage clothing, each thing is labeled by decade. The people who work there are always super friendly, and to top it off they have better prices than even some thrift stores!
I love this store. The owner is extremely friendly, and there are always amazing vintage finds! Such a wonderful place to find one of a kind pieces. The coolest part is the owner finds and buys all of the pieces herself! Whenever I go in, I just am enthralled by the beautiful decor and fun boas and jewels everywhere. Such a great place to stop after work. My fave purchases thus far are a yellow bauble necklace and a pair of red leather ankle boots. Obsessed!
This place is very unique and if you have an eclectic style and love to dress in 50s - 80s garb, this is the place for you. It might be a bit pricey but the quality of clothing and accessories are top notch. Also, they have a wide variety of dresses, shoes, suits, hats, purses, broches, etc. Definitely worth checking out.
Great find, I had walked past it for years but not been to this location. The mens' section is smaller than the womens' but I found some good condition colored Levi's, and there are plenty of sports coats and leather jackets.
When hipsters decided vintage was cool & prices shot up to ridiculous levels I kind of stopped shopping it but then I stumbled upon this place on the weekend and realized how much I've been missing. This place is a little goldmine. The space seems small at first but size is deceptive due to all the merchandise crammed in there. That being said it is still suprisingly easy to shop & cleverly laid out. Revival feels more like a boutique. Love how the store is merchandised by color. It's a fun touch. They have a cool selection of stuff that has been restyled & sold under the store's own label. Everything they sell is in pristine condition. The owner & store help are super nice as well. They will tailor your finds on site or other stuff u may have at home that needs taking in/letting out or even re-designing. The place is a little hard to find but there's not much else on the street so just look for the colorful storefront closest to observer hghwy.
Absolutely adorable vintage boutique!! It's like an Anthropologie but all original vintage clothes, shoes, hats, and menswear as well. The prices are reasonable, and the owner is a doll. They've moved to a larger space, so make sure you call and get the correct address before you go. It's sooooo worth the trip!
Wow, this cute little store tucked @  600 Park is a true gem.  For those that like vintage you can certainly get your grove on here.  They carry both men and woman's, children, jewelry, shoes, handbags, etc.  I live around the corner and will keep going  back.  The owner rocks it too!
Such a great place.  It's like a treasure chest!  Very small place, so be prepared to take your time and go through everything.  I found a suit for my boyfriend, a vest for me, some jewelry and a pair of cowboy boots.  I plan on going here for my next formal even as they have a unique selection of formal wear.  The ower is personable and friendly.  Thank God Hoboken has a great little secret like this!  I love it!
