WHAT WHY DONT WE HAVE ONE!! It's a clothing shop out of Japan so my first though was 'uh oh nothing for me' (being plus sized).  However! I found some great shirts that were soft and fit amazing! The Store is so tech savvy and posh your eyes almost glaze over with the sparkling chrome and white interior.  They also already have the tax added into whatever you buy so the price you see is the price you pay which is really helpful and I wish all stores just did it like that.
Robbed by Uniqlo! On May 25, 2014 I visited this store and purchased $387.80 worth of Men's Clothing. One of the articles I purchased was a men's seersucker jacket for $49.00.  I bought  the jacket for my husband and unfortunately when he tried it on it was to large. On the same day a few shops west of this Uniqlo I made purchases for Men's Clothing at H&M. In these purchases included two pair of Linen pants that were also too large for my husband. On June 1 we moved to a new apt. and for a short time I forgot about the jacket, the pants and my need to return them. However, I unearthed them recently and today set out on my way to make the returns. I was aware that it had been an number of months since the purchases so I wasn't expecting a refund but I was expecting a store credit and I was fine with that. So, off I go. First stop, H&M. I presented the pants to the sales clerk, with tags still attached and my receipt. I was surprised when the sales clerk very kindly and without hesitation refunded my credit card the full amount of the purchase. Needless to say, I was thrilled. However, when I attempted to return the jacket at Uniqlo. I was told that I was past the 30 day return period and I would only receive a store credit for the cost the jacket is currently selling for which is $9.90. I asked to speak to manager about the situation. I explained what had happened with the jacket being too large and that during the move I had forgotten about the jacket and the need to return it. I had after all made a purchase of $387.80! Of course, no one ever looked at my receipt other than to look at the date of purchase. I was told by this "manager" that I was indeed well over the 30 day return policy and there was nothing else she could do to help. Now I'm feeling like I'm being robbed. That is exactly what I said to her. I still feel that way. I said I would like to speak to a supervisor or someone who might have the sense to thoroughly review that receipt and notice the store made a very nice sell and perhaps think -in the way of good customer service- what's the loss of issuing a $40 store credit? They still make their money and I remain a happy Uniqlo consumer. Nope. That did not happen. Another manger informed me that the "supervisors" were unable to do anything further than offering me a store credit for $9.90. I asked to speak to the supervisor in person but they are too cowardly to actually meet a customer face to face. No, no, it's much easier for the "supervisor" to remain hidden behind some Uniqlo wall and force these poor young "managers" to do the nasty bits.  Unbelievable! So enjoy the $40 dollars you robbed me of today Uniqlo. Please know I will never ever step in your store again. You will never make another $387.80 purchase from me. I will share this experience here on Yelp, facebook, google plus, any place I can share it. I will go out of my way to dissuade anyone I know from shopping at your store. If I should casually over hear anyone speaking about shopping at Uniqlo I will do my best to dissuade them from shopping at your store. I trust this $40 is worth the loss of this customer and those customers I am able to dissuade from making purchases at Uniqlo.
My brother has been raving about Uniqlo, and I didn't really understand until I tried their clothing for myself. The last time I was in NYC, I bought a cashmere sweater for my mom and an anorak-style jacket and two pairs of sueded capri-length pants for myself, and I was totally sold. This time I just got a 3-pack of no-show black socks for $12.90 to wear with my Oxfords for fall. I docked a star for confusing markdowns. Initially I was also going to get a three-quarter-sleeved crew-neck shirt that was on a shelf with a sign that said they were half-price. But when I got to the front register, I was told that the shirt I had picked was part of the coming season and had a different item number, which meant it was full price instead. If they're going to store all the same-design shirts together, they should at least have price scanners throughout the store so you can doublecheck prices before you wait in the line to pay. I docked a half-star because the store layout doesn't really make a whole lot of sense to me. The minimalist design with the walls of color is definitely aesthetically pleasing, but I always have trouble finding what I need unless I walk around in circles a couple times. Love the fact that tax is added in, so you don't have any surprises when you pay. 3.5 stars
Two words: Legging Pants. Nuff said.
I have had to come to Uniqlo at least five times to start enjoying it. Now I love it! Uniqlo stores can be VERY annoying as they have mirrors all over and it messes with your perception of the space. I absolutely hate this and it's the only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars. After you orient yourself, they have a lot of high quality items at pretty good prices. When I moved to NYC I began buying jeans and shirts from H&M. The thing (read: problem) with H&M is they are not that cheap, the quality is not good, and the sales associates and managers could care less about you, the customer. Uniqlo on the other hand has OK prices, good quality items and the associates are a pleasure to talk to. I also like that Uniqlo keeps their styles within a moderate selection. They have good styles, but unlike many stores in their price range, they don't clutter the store. I have, in time, stopped going to H&M almost entirely as now that I can find my way around Uniqlo and I no longer get freaked out by my reflection in the house of mirrors, I find the product and experience to be way better.
This store is a mess. The people in the fitting rooms are slow, rude and not helpful. I love Uniqlo as it has great quality clothes at affordable prices, but I will stay away from this one location.
I have not visited any of the other Uniqlo locations but I like this one. It's a large store and very clean and organized. The style is very simple and affordable. I don't shop here that much but this store is my go-to shop for undershirts. They have a wide selection of camisoles (with and without built-in bras, with and without lace, etc), tank tops, bras, slips, etc. all with no patterns.
I wish they had more sizes. Of course all of the most stylist shirts on the first floor were only available in XL. This store is great for undergarments. No one greeted me until the cash-wrap. Then the guy at the registrar asked me if I found everything ok twice. Overall a good selection of basics.
First there was old navy, then gap, then h&m, and now uniqlo. I won't lie their jeans fit me like a glove, which is not an easy feat. Their other stuff has that reasonably priced casual wear feel that so many stores have provided for a few years until the next brand popped up. The staff themselves at this location are young and fairly friendly. I just don't really care for much of their products.
If you're size XS or XL, you can shop here. Normal sized people, avoid wasting your time, they have nothing for you, not even a Tshirt.
I must admit I am becoming a fan, having visited the 3 Manhattan locations and disliking none of them. A deceptively large/tall space in Herald Square with the usual budget fashion.
First off, I love Uniqlo..their clothes are awesome and great quality for the price.  I am a premium jeans girl, but the Ultra Stretch jeans from Uniqlo are up there with my premiums as far as fit goes...but this location was lacking in sizes ..and I just do better shopping through their website.  Also 34th St is a nightmare, IMO, and I avoid it at all costs....I prefer the Uniqlo at my local mall.
An excellent selection of nearly every item of clothing, Uniqlo's fast-fashion lineup offers something for just about everyone over three floors. The deals are usually very good, and this store has an expanded children's section, which is helpful.
I loveeeeeeeeee this store & their customer service. The staff are so nice & attentive to your needs. The stores are so nice, very spacious & clean. Love the whole feel of their store. Once my friend & I walked in the store, We were able to locate the sales girl & she walked us to exactly what i was looking for & told me what was on promotion for that day.  I love this store so much i wound up buying 4 extra items & everything came up to under $40. Everything is neatly displayed & hung. You can find anything from down time to clothes for work & you cant beat the prices. F.Y.I... If you order online for $50 you can get your items in 2 days time.
I love this store and I'm waiting for them to open some at home in SoCal. Every time I go to New York or San Fran, I inevitably end up going to Uniqlo. And I always end up spending a ton of money. Their basics are simple, but I like how they look and they always last a long time. And I've recently discovered their stretchy professional pants for around $30! I bought 2 pairs right away, and I'm probably going to end up getting more. You can never have too many of those when you're a graduate student. They have nice button down shirts also. They have pretty much nice everything, if you were to ask me. And everything is very reasonably priced. They have free hemming services if you buy their pants! It takes about 4 hours to finish, so it's super quick! All of their jeans are 33", I think, so the hemming is definitely necessary for most of us. Check out is always fast. This particular location had a bathroom, which I appreciated.
Came here on the recommendation of my sister in law who knows good value. Bought three pairs of shorts and a golf shirt for my son and three pairs of socks for his dad all for under$80.  That's good value.  Good basics.  The tshirts were a bit too opinionated or off the wall for my conservative son though. Staff friendly though I found the cashier a little standoffish and odd.
I love this store! I've been to the SoHo location and this one and am just in love! Great selection of key pieces, at reasonable prices! Helpful staff, huge store, so much variety! Sizes run large(?) so I fit a Small comfortably, when most of the time I'd be a Medium.  (Makes you feel good about yourself!) :-)
This Uniqlo location knows what it's doing. Easy to roam and navigate. Everything is here and the stock is unbelievable. It's pretty spiffy inside as well - I love the interior design and the way the store is formatted is pretty awesome. I love the level of organization and upkeep here. Great prices and great clothing. Staff seems nice and helpful as well!
Huge store, clean, clothes are neatly displayed. I've been a fan of Uniqlo since the soho days. This location has a bathroom, which comes in handy when you can't find a free one elsewhere around Herald Square, but it can be maintained better. It smelled quite bad. Every time I was at the register on the second floor, the cashiers take their sweet time ringing up customers. The men seem to spend more time flirting with each other than doing their jobs.
Nice Uniqlo. Didn't have much time, so I couldn't find anything, sadly. I love Uniqlo stuffs. Just walking into the store makes me happy. Hope they open one in LA, soon.
This place is where you can easily spend 300 dollars on quality clothing. I mean you literally can get so much quality clothing. Everything from the jackets to t shirts. I've changed a majority of my casual clothing to uniqlo. I mean why not? its half the price and looks and feels even better. But really the best time is to buy clothes during the holidays. Mmm those sales. They have. They're worth killing for.
First time to a Uniqlo.  Heard some amazing things about this place.  Here's what I thought: -The place was well laid out.  Situated between 3 floors and signs clearly helped you determine what floor to go to. -I heard that this location, being right across the street from the Empire State Building, is their flagship store.  That means a lot of selection and first dibs to the newest styles! -Their shopping baskets are convenient.  You could literally use it as an over the shoulder messenger bag. -Prices are not as cheep as H&M, which I was told, however, the quality matches the price.  The clothes feel like it would last a long time! -The displays were well thought out.  I particularly liked the socks and undergarments wall in the men's section. Pretty cool find in NY.  Too bad we don't have one here in Las Vegas!
I discovered Uniqlo when I came to New York in the summer of 2013 and instantly fell in love with the clothing and store for the following reasons. Pros + Cheap, but not cheap clothing - Cheap prices, but not cheap quality (between Polo and Forever 21).  The prices are originally cheap, but gets cheaper during a sale.  I picked up a faux leather jacket for $30! + Large wide range of styles, colors, and sizes of the whole wardrobe- tops, bottoms, apparel, and accessories.  Have yet to come across a size out of stock.  Perhaps it's because this is one of the largest Uniqlo stores in New York? + Sincere and helpful staff - The staff is always on the lookout for confused customers and are very receptive and friendly when asked questions. Cons - Note the men's fitting rooms are small and tight with 1 stool.  There is no place to hang a jacket or place clothes on, other than the stool.  Note the first room to the left is a larger room with abundance of space so ask the staff if it available. - Pants over $20 receive free hem.  Some pants are $19.90 and DO NOT come with free hem.  Tricky misleading advertising.  Hem is $5. - The lines can be very long during busy season (Christmas) and sales.  If you are coming to pickup an alteration you still need to wait in line.  Regularly the staff collects all alteration pick-ups at one time which cuts down the wait time.
Had never been to this Uni Qlo before, only the main one in Tokyo and the grand opening of the "new" one on 5th avenue.   Three stories great selection and on our visit had a huge amount of staff on hand.  Good luck not finding something you'll like in here.   Better quality materials than typical clothing of the same price ranges.
This place is cool to have every color and every outfit and t computers that will put you a picture of your face on the outfit on screen very cool place I guess NYC  requires pants  New York City to the singing cowboy
Huge location, and fairly empty considering it's not really AT Harold Square but a block away, so it doesn't get the incidental foot traffic like Macy's does. When i went, this place had great sale items. For some reason, there were a ton of size 31x34 (for men), so if that's your size this is the place to find your pants. Oh yea, men's jeggings for $9.99... you know, if that's your thing.
I love the herald sq uniqlo.  it's large, well laid out and the workers are always helpful. Whenever I come to NYC, I always make a stop here. The main advantage is that it's the flagship so the selection is unbeatable and they always have plenty of sale inventory. The only caveat is that the lines could get long but you could try to pull a fast one by going to a different floor (ie, men's level where the lines are always shorter than the women's).
Uniqlo oh uniqlo, where do I begin? With your awkward anomalies of one size fits most Your customers need to be somewhat slimmer or at least come close With the best customer service that anyone has ever seen You'll find me those chinos, or something cool in-between The 34th street location is just simply the best I've travelled to all the others, I've put them to the test The three levels of shopping is simply a must Give it lots of time here, this you should trust If there is one secret I will share about this awesome store It's to sign up for their email list so you can get more Coupons and savings, so you don't overpay Uniqlo oh uniqlo, you really make my day!
My 100th review goes to my new favorite store - UniQlo. First time ever I've been to a store. Bought a fleece jacket for $19.99. Plan to take it on the trail for early morning hikes this fall. Lots of mirrors (giving illusions) and key items are placed in several places. All very well presented. The $69.99 Down jacket in every color you can think of seems to be the reason the store is open. The have limited selections, but when they do carry an item, they do carry it. Cashmere sweaters seems to be another big item. It made me think they are going to give Macy's a run with their Cashmere sweaters selections - vee, crew and cardigan - in a rainbow of colors. Very appealing. Very good price points. I have an addiction to socks. Their selection forced me to call my sponsor and he immediately called and had all my credit frozen for an hour (only kidding). Pretty impressive. I could have easily picked up a few more items, (and maybe 50 or so pairs of socks). It somewhat reminds me of an Old Navy, only better quality, and really well presented. Very neat too. Old Navy is always messy. Fun time.
Zomg.  If I were a rich woman, I'd totally buy everything in this building. Three floors, accessed by a set of oh-so-magical rainbow steps, Uniqlo is a popular Japanese brand that caters to family friendly basics with a minimalist twist for a minimalist price.  Need a pair of underwear?  You best be expectin' those undies come in impressive packaging adorned in kitschy patterns. While I've been a frequent fan of their online shopping, it was a blast actually checking the store out in person.  If anything, I was totally saddened after searching from top to bottom and finding myself completely unable to locate any of their awesome themed T-shirts.  'Not sure if I totally just walked past them, but I unfortunately left empty handed. Still, Uniqlo remains totally bomb and is definitely worth a visit for inexpensive treasures.
This store is big and beautiful and packed with stuff! They have a much better selection of men's clothing than most other stores, ranging from casual casual to business casual (you'll need to look elsewhere for suits...or tuxedos, though they do offer some blazers). It's a very cool-looking space, and despite the large variety nothing is cramped. Even when it's busy it doesn't feel overly crowded. It's a particularly good place to stock up on basics like socks and tees. The variety of those items is almost overwhelming! The prices are generally pretty reasonable, and I haven't experienced the quality issues I've seen with ... certain other imported clothing chains, or a certain nautical-themed American chain. The styles are also not overly targeted to a narrow (young) age range. I'm in my 30s and didn't feel out of place shopping there. And I'm not an overgrown frat boy, as you might find at...certain other American chains. Basically, just go check it out. Buy some socks. Be happy.
Favorite Uniquo in the city. Three floors. Main floor is split in half, women on the left, men on the right. Second floor all women clothes Third floor men and baby clothes. The staff is pretty helpful and attentive when you need to find something.  Lines here at the register seem to be attended by more workers than other locations, thus the line moves faster.  Organization and inventory of the store is well stocked and neatly presented.
I love UNIQLO.  UNIQLO has been my favorite store for a while.  Their colored shirts are a perfect fit for asians.  I always have a hard time finding the right size for things elsewhere, but this store's fittings are always right.  The prices are reasonable and I love the sales.  They always have a good selection for when things are on sale.  The staff are attentive and the cashiers are always nice. Pro tip: If the lines are too long go downstairs, there is almost never a line downstairs.
Having been shopped at this store for almost a year I think this one of the few stores where I like shopping as the stuff is decent quality and it fits me really well(they always different sizes in stock). In terms of pricing and quality of clothes I place this between H&M and Zara. The store is huge and is spread across multiple levels. The staff is helpful and their in house alteration is pretty resonable too. Trendy not to heavy on wallet that's what Uniqlo is!!
This store gets you. You go in and get goggly eyes over the prices and before you know it you spent $200.00 on winter gear. I know because it happened to me. I could blame it on philly not having this store (yet!) but it's not the case. Everything is so basic and cute. You never knew you needed any of the stuff until you entered the store. It gets you.
Heard awesome things about Uniqlo, when i walked in i liked all the clothes, but when i tried on clothes, they just fit me funny. I love that they have nice clothes for decent prices and i love that they endorse pro tennis player Novak Djokovic
Quality and low pricing come together.  Must be vanity sizing....which is always a boost to the ego.  Appeals to my aesthetic of simple clean line styling.  Sales run in January.  You can buy quite a bit for $100 bucks.  The music is a bit much after a while only because it is repetitive.  Looks like they have stores all over the country.  Yay !
I love this place as Asian women myself, the only thing I wish is they can have more choice, is very plain in my taste, beside that quality and location service is very good.
I am a Uniqlo fan. Been to the SF, CA Union Square store, the NYC 5 av store, and this store. I would say this store is great if you want to pick up a lot more dressier pieces in their collection (blazers, slim fit shirts, slim chinos, knitted ties) vs. the 5th av store which only stocks their seasonal items. Note, They have smaller pant sizes here vs. the 5av store - so lose some weight or go to the 5 av store. It loses a star cause I walked up to the greeter in the front with the bag, and she had a glazed look on her face. Was standing in front for about 30 seconds. Then walked away. Then she tried to call me back to ask if I needed a bag, but I was like, whatever. whatever. arigato Will be back though.
A friend of mine introduced Uniqlo to me, and ever since then I'm always stopping by the store during my trips to NYC. I usually have a hard time shopping for clothes, and I'm definitely not a huge fan of too much artsy stuff all over what I wear; I like to keep it simple. And Uniqlo delivers! Love their pants; the best part about the store is that they do any sort of tailoring changes to pants right there at the store for no extra charge. I would define Uniqlo as a higher quality version of H&M with a little twist. You can always find something funky there that didn't know you'd like until you tried it on. I see a lot of negative reviews about the quality of clothes, but I've had a great experience so far with everything I've bought.
It's nicer than the SF location though the merchandise is pretty much the same and the design is similar. The NYC mannequins at this Midtown location move between floors though and the sale section is larger. There are three floors of casual clothing and accessories for men, women and kids. The spring collection had just arrived and they also added new collaborations, one with Green Gate that features lots of mini floral prints and Sanrio. Pastels and printed leggings are in for spring. Uniqlo has lots of t-shirts, button down shirts, sweaters, jeggings, jeans, and puffy jackets. I like the simplicity of the designs and the affordable pricing ($19.90 for leggings and zip up fleece jackets, cashmere sweaters on sale for $40-$50). I also like their emphasis on technology to improve the functionality of clothing (e.g., lighter puffer jackets, Heattech clothing). Some of the colors are quite bright and I imagine of limited appeal. Also, with Heattech shirts for men, they only seemed to have two sizes, S and XXL. I went to another Uniqlo location and found the same thing. My picks: * Heattech V neck striped lounge tunics, $14.90 * Striped knit leggings, $9.90
This place is basically like the Japanese version of H&M. It's a huge store and tons to choose from. The hot items here are their heat tec clothing which are thin undergarments like shirts and tights and kind of like workout material, but designed to wear under your clothes in layers for cold NYC weather. They also have a huge selection of the popular puffer vests and jackets in a myriad of colors. They did have a low selection of popular sizes in both mens and womens jackets, but I was told it was end of season and could find more sizes online. I did find no issues with sizing in the kids department and found some awesome vests and jackets for my kiddos. They have the best skinny stretch jeans for men and women. Reasonably priced and they run big, so go down a size. Also scored a sleek trench coat and rain jacket with hood. What I love about their puffer jackets and rain jackets is they come with a pouch and you can roll it up and squeeze it in there. Perfect for the plane ride home! Love Uniqlo!!
Good selection of clothes for both men and women. I love the interior of Uniqlo with their RAINBOW stairs and organized color coordination. It's just FUN to shop here. This store is split into THREE levels so it's a bit of a hassle if you're looking to shop quickly. You definitely need some time to look at everything. All of the displays and clothes are neatly folded and presented. I spent a good amount here and will definitely be back! Sales associates aren't too knowledgeable but most of them are pretty friendly. I recommend the jean leggings, scarves, solid v-necks, and most of the basics.
This has got to be one of my favorite winter clothing stores in the city! I had heard about Uniqlo and passed by it several times, but had never gone inside. I went with a friend last week to purchase some heat tech shirts during the coldest week of the year so far. I am absolutely in love with my purchases. The heat tech shirts aren't a gimmick and are reasonably priced. My only complaint would be that after speaking to some of the staff it seams their store in Soho has much more items in stock than this one. Other than that, this Uniqlo store is organized, full of helpful staff, and has a variety of items to choose from.
One of my absolute favorite stores in the city! I've been shopping at Uniqlo since back when there was only the one store in Soho, but the 34th Street store is now my favorite among the three in the city (the Soho store is a little more cramped, and the one on 5th Ave is so big that I get lost every time I go). The store is incredibly clean, organized, and well laid-out. All of their clothing is inexpensive but great quality, and their basics come in a bunch of fun colors. My favorite item from this store is the leggings pants - the comfiest pair of pants I own - which come in about 20 different colors and patterns, and only cost $20! Clothes aside, one of my favorite things about Uniqlo is the fact that they have free same-day alterations on pants over $20. For really short people like me, this is a HUGE plus. They really know how to deliver their customer service!
This review is mostly about their customer service. I dont shop at Uniqlo very often. I usually only buy their leggings. I feel that their clothes look nice, but when I try it on, I feel that it doesnt fit me so well. I came here with a friend to try on their jeans. When we went into the fitting room, the SA that worked there was very polite. She asked if I wanted to leave items I couldn't try on in a bag close to her. While trying on clothes in the fitting room, I heard the SA explain to other customers that there wasn't any fitting room available, and if they didn't want to wait, she can direct them to another fitting room, where there was no wait. I also heard her ask another SA to bring the customer to another fitting room. I felt that their customer service is really good.
Great music (I definitely Shazamed songs while I walked around), cool colorful stairs, neat organization, reasonable prices, and friendly service. But, my gripe is 3/4 of the female section is basically one thing: shiny down coats/vests. Whyyyyyy?
So I've been away in college for quite some time (which was in the middle of nowhere.) I came back a couple of months ago, but I really had to reason to walk towards this area, until my friend from Korea decided that she wanted to go on a REALLY spontaneous shopping spree. Lo and behold, I didn't know that there was a hugeeee Uniqlo store here. I'm so happy! This past black friday, I bought so many heattech items; I can SWEAR my life on these leggings--they will keep you super duper warm. The fabric is thin, but looks are sooooo deceiving. They come in so many different colors too! My mom lovesloveslovesssssss the turtlenecks here (heattech & another 13 dollar sweater).  She never tells me to go buy more, but she actually did. Even my dad loves the sweater I got for him over black friday. This past weekend, I bought a pair of leggings, a turtleneck, a blouse, a skirt, a turtleneck knit sweater, and a cashmere sweater for my dad, all for only $110. Heattech gear was on sale for like $9.90. Freaking ridiculously amazing. Service is absolutely FANTASTIC here. I spent roughly $70 at Victoria's Secret prior to coming here, and with my ginormous winter coat and all, I lost the VS bag I was holding (stupid I know.) They have a lost and found! Just go to the cashiers on the first floor and report what you're missing. I reported my bag missing, and someone notified lost and found and it was retrieved for me within 5 minutes. I love this location more than the Soho one, although to be perfectly honest, I haven't been there in a while. GET THE LEGGINGS LADIESSSS :)
Aesthetically  pleasing to the eye.... This is one of the newest Uniqlo locations to open in Manhattan. I got a flyer during lunch time that said the Grand Opening was today. I was expecting to see tons of people. I wasn't disappointed by that. Once you walk in you will see how big, bright and well stocked the store is. The ceilings are high and the color the white brings out the clothing even more. This is 3 Floors of awesomeness! A special was going on for all the Japanese Denims. At $9.90 people were swarming to get the size they needed. Luckily I had a friend already inside getting me a pair of jeans. I was able to snag a pair and a FREE Uniqlo Tote(s). I'm glad that they are expanding, but a bit saddened that the SoHo store is no longer the Flagship Store (even though they opened first) As Uniqlo says, "Made for All". This is definitely a brand that will be around for the long run.
Oh yes! Love this place. A good friend brought me here while i was in town looking for some fall/winter ware. I love that the quality is higher than H&M, Forever 21 but not that much more expensive. Perfect for basics and casual work clothes and some cute pieces for apres! Got an adorable winter hat for $9, jeggings on sale, awesome skinny cords. Also the staff were perfect. Not harassing as you look at stuff but totally available and nice when you need some help. Why don't i live in NYC!?!??! sigh
UNIQLO deserves an award for best customer service in retail. I've recently went to both uniqlo grand openings the last 2 weekends and I  was amazed how friendly and readily avaible the staff were. Even when paying, the staff would give you the receipt with both hands like good Japanese etiquette. Now the clothes...9.90 for a pair of jeans..you cant beat that!!! usually, tailoring is free but snce these jeans were such a good price, it would cost $5 to tailor them Another great purchase was the heattech shirts 12.90. Unfortunately, if you open these, you cant return or exchange them. plenty of cashiers/registers avaible so lines go quickly. however, to return it's a seperate line and they only have 3 registers for that. uniqlo must be confident in their clothing line.
I love Uniqlo! Maybe because it's a block away from my job, maybe because it has cute and SUPER inexpensive tops, or maybe because I just love to shop. Regardless it's 3 levels of shop til you drop goodness. The store is arranged in a way that you have a lot of clothes in front of you without it being all jam packed. You have space to move without bumping into someone else. The material is really soft (check out their Spring hoodies: FABULOUS!) The employees are all really nice and courteous. It's one of the few places I like to shop at on 34th Street.
The popular sizes in popular styles get sold out at the Soho and 5th avenue stores very quickly. This place might be the biggest and have the largest selection. Excellent styles and value on undergarments. I remember reading how the CEO wanted to expand very slowly and eventually take over Gap's market share. It's happening.
Not having a Uniqlo in LA (Let's make it happen people!), all I could think about when I went to NYC for work was, when can I squeeze in my trip to Uniqlo? This place is heaven on earth and I am only sad that I was hampered by the size of my suitcase. I still even think about the items that I DIDN'T decide to buy. That is when you know this place is good. My BF also loves the thermal tech shirt I bought him there and wore it all through winter. Can't wait to go back.
I buy most of my clothes from Uniqlo and absolutely love it.  Very reasonably-priced clothing that is beautifully made from excellent materials.  I am also a huge fan of the free alterations on pants and the fact the tailoring is done within a matter of hours and on-site.   I was willing to continue to brave the crowds at the Soho location but was beyond thrilled when the additional locations were opened.  I tend to gravitate towards the store on 34th Street which is well-organized and surprisingly not constantly mobbed by tourists.  Really just a great store.
I love Uniqlo for its quality and style but what makes this particular location great is the staff. I think it is important for people to know and for the staff to be acknowledged of their great customer service. I really appreciate it! You guys are the best! Thanks for all the help!
Uniqlo is probably my favorite clothing store of all time...been going to the Soho store for years and made a point to visit as many that I could when I visited Japan.  This store is pretty much the same deal as the one in Soho..awesome quality clothes for pretty cheap prices.  Main differences I've noticed: 1)  More selection for most clothing 2)  Less fun T-shirts 3)  Crazy crazy friendly (almost to the point of irritation) staff I do appreciate good customer service, but it is a little overwhelming to have so many people welcome you cheerfully to their store...I would be happy with just one greeter at the door and then have other people just wait for you to ask them questions.   That being said, I will be back here many times...
This flagship Uniqlo store is masssive. Three stories of women's and men's clothing. The first floor is dedicated to the spotlight line. Surprisingly, the two times that I went, the store was not crowded at all. Super clean store. You won't see articles of clothing strewn about everywhere. Better quality/selection than H&M. Dress shirts for $20-30. JEANS for $20. Great style/quality/material for unbelievable prices. Free alterations for pants over $20 - ready to pick up the next day. T-shirts, pants, jackets, belts, you name it, Uniqlo has it. This place is amazing and you are sure to get your bang for buck here. Coming to SF sometime in fall 2012 on Powell street. Can't wait.
This Uniqlo location is my favorite one in the city. The store is always neat and organized. I love their sweaters and denim. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the fitting room attendant will pin your pants and they can be hemmed for free at the registers.
I really like this location.  Friendly associates and tons of stock.  I hate that sinking feeling when I claw through a rack, only to find that my size has been scavenged by other fast fashionistas.  Uniqlo's the best stop for basics because they last much longer than those offered at F21 or H&M.  At nearly the same price point, Uniqlo's a bargain.   The layout is fantastic- multiple dressing rooms and registers, so the lines are kept at a minimum on a Saturday afternoon.  This is as stress free as Uniqlo can get.   Plus... BATHROOMS!
4 stars for the cleanliness and spaciousness. I don't like the selection for women's clothes though. It reminds me of a GAP/Old Navy/wannabe American Apparel (I love AA though) store. I don't see ANY Japanese flair or style at all. Very simple clothes, so don't come in here thinking you'll find something for your night out or for a birthday party. That's not the style they're going for. The basics here are OK. I don't find them to be tailored nicely or made with any special craftsmanship. It's all Made In China (I checked the tags) or Vietnam. The only thing I like here are their blazers since they actually fit me. Still, it's a... pleasant store. Worth looking around. I like the men's selection; it seems like their clothes look better and tad more stylish. Stock up on cardigans, khakis and belts. They have a whole wall dedicated to men's socks. Plaid, argyle, stripes, polka dots... anything you want, they probably have. Also, the workers are very nice and helpful! Seems to be like, 20 people per floor or something, so it's not hard to ask for assistance.
I love this store, and I am lucky to work just a few yards away.  This store is always in pristine condition, the staff is attentive and polite, and the clothes are high quality.  Even better, they are always running some kind of sale, and I can usually pick-up a sweater or something for $10 or less.  Oh, and they have the most awesome sock wall I have ever seen...  Every color you can imagine!  This store has made shopping fun for me, again...
LOVE IT!!! The staff were all very pleasant and extremely helpful. Someone helped me find a pair a jeans in my size before I even could open my mouth and ask for help! They do alterations for $5 in the fitting room and are on sale right now for $9.90. I love the cashmere sweaters and the colors are gorgeous. The only thing I was disappointed about was that they didn't have any in orange for ladies, but they had that color for men. Boo. Other than that, I had a great experience here and will definitely be back this week to pick up more cashmere sweaters before the sale is over!
There's so much popularity around Uniqlo and this location punches you in the face with all the hype.  Relentlessly.  It is a force to be reckon with...This store is HUGE! The Midtown flagship store is like a spaceship filled with clothes.  I was a bit overwhelmed.  Where do I start?  Where do I end?  How do I get out of here?  There are three levels.  You go up in an escalator, and come down with your own two feet on stairs.  Patience is a must to survey through all the shirts, cashmere sweaters, pants, jeans, and EVERYTHING.  Be warned, you may get lost.  I did. Lots of heattech stuff and basics.  I only walked out with some tights, but I am sure you'll find something.  Everyone else does.  And you'll love their shopping bags!
Best NYC Uniqlo location IMO. I've been to the Soho location and the recently opened one on 5th avenue, and they cannot compare to this one. This one is on 34th street, and surrounded by other popular stores like Forever 21, Gap, H&M, Aldo, etc, so it's a fun area to be in. Also, it's very convenient to get there because it's walking distance from penn station. But the interior is the best: this Uniqlo has 3 floors, large, spacy, and has an abundant collection of items. The store is organized nicely, how the women's collection is on the 2nd floor, while the men's is on the 3rd. Not like the other Uniqlo locations, where it seems like a maze just to navigate through. Though shopping in a maze-like store could be a cool concept, if you know exactly what you want/need that might not be the case. It's the most comfortable to shop in this location, without any hectic-ness.
My friends all love this store because of their heat-tech shirts and outerwear, but I don't particularly see its appeal. If you're cold, wear layers, why spend extra money on a flimsy shirt? At least the employees here seem helpful. I only buy clothing from them when they're on sale.
Clean and organized.  Clothing style is mostly basic but the quality is very nice.  They sell XS and S sizes that are the XS and S prevalent before obesity became trendy and size M was relabeled S. I think the staff is an important part of the experience here.  They know their merchandise and they have an understated cheerfulness.
I was always curious of the store with the cute Hello Kitty bags that I see people walking around the city with.  Finally I went to Uniqlo and it was craziness.  I guess since it was around the holidays, but the store was so crowded.  The place is huge with three levels of clothing.  The heat tech items are super cool and was on sale.   While browsing the store was good exercise after a heavy lunch, the items in the store felt scatterbrained.  There was no system of the placements of the clothing.  Every floor had the same items so you walked around and looked at the same things.   I didn't really seem much with Hello Kitty on it..
Love Uniqlo's Heat Tech line particularly, but also their simple, high-quality styles that are sold at extremely affordable prices.  Heat Tech really does its job in keeping you warm with a very thin layer (so you don't feel too bulky during the winter months).  They also offer free hemming for their select jeans (I think they have to be $29.00+), which is AWESOME.   This store is huge with several floors of their collections and items, really helpful employees directing you and helping you to find what you're looking for.  A must-visit if you're in the Herald Square area, especially with all those hot subway celebrity ads :).
As Marty McFly once opined, "all the best stuff is made in Japan," this clothing store gives credence to that claim.  (Well, the brand/design/corporation is Japanese- the actual clothes are made in Vietnam).  The prices are very good for the quality in style, fabrics, and construction.   Their clothing style borrows heavily from European design.  Much of their clothes have that androgynous look.  Perfect for skinny hipsters (not me).  But they also have a good selection of basics (tshirts, sweats, undergarments, etc).  Think of this place as a cooler, trendier, wider selection, but more affordable Gap. Moreover, their stairs inside are immaculate.  Very clean.  Seriously, if I was a hipster/bourgeois bohemian or just more metrosexual, I would give this place five stars.  But I am not, thus four stars.
First time coming to this location and it is huge. Must come to this store if you are from out of town and want to do some shopping in NYC. The materials are so light and soft and when it's on sale it's pretty cheap. Love their thick pants leggings. &19.90 a pair with different colors.
What a strange store. With a multitude of subway ads slowly and subliminally pressuring me to try this place out, I decided to visit on Saturday (with Alex P. in tow). After trying to find stuff at maybe 5 different places, this was the only place I found stuff to buy. The plain designs were simple yet varied, sort of like a higher end (and probably longer lasting) American Apparel-type of aesthetic. I was into it. I picked out two things, but only got one. I actually wore the shirt today to see if the 'Japan heattech' actually did make me warmer, or if the ads were just cleverly fitting. At a 60 degree November day that clearly proves global warming is real, probably the wrong morning to put that shirt on... but clearly it works. This is the place to buy some winter clothes, kids. Plus, it's all pretty affordable, which is the best part. The store itself (at least this location, Alex has been to the one in SoHo and noted that its different in layout) was far too bright and far too warm for the afternoon (probably a nod to the clothes being comfy and warm). Also kind of a hassle to get to the mens section on the upper upper upper floor, but the things we do for fashion... Worth checking out. I'll go back, and I usually don't say that about clothing stores.
I love Uniqlo - their prices are decent, their sizing is good (Especially for smaller frames), and the quality lasts for awhile.  The Herald Square location is organized pretty nicely - you usually don't feel too crowded like you can at the SoHo one.  There is a lot of space in this spot and everything is so bright and shiny!  And they also hired a million cashiers here so the line goes pretty quickly.  And there are also RESTROOMS in this location. Minor issues, but I'm deducting one star because they seem to run out of sizes in some items (I know it's been open not that long, but I thought this would be better stocked).  And also, the sale sections are small compared to the one SoHo--I did see some sale +J coats from past seasons but after +J is gone I hope that this store will have more sale items.  I'm definitely looking forward to a comparable sale section in this location within the next few months because I've found some of the best deals in the sale section at SoHo ($4 skirt yes! and tons of +J items for a lot less) Anyway, Uniqlo keep up the good work and I think you will do well with these new locations.
A very clean and organized store with wonderful sales associates. My friend really wanted to visit here because it is an Asian-based store where the only store available domestically was in New York City. I was very happy when the sales associate informed me that there has been talks that a Uniqlo will be shortly opening in Los Angeles hopefully by the end of summer!!! I admit, they have basic looking clothes, but who doesn't need basic-looking clothes in their closet? You can always spruce up basics to look good or just wear them when you're having a lazy day. What I love about this place? They have these amazing cardigans that have UV PROTECTION woven into the threads (even after you wash them). How cool is that?!?! Being that I was diagnosed with Lupus and am very sensitive to the sun, I was very glad to see these available for purchase. I've always heard of clothes like these but never really saw any available. The cardigans were of very good quality; I could tell just by touching the fabric, it was so soft. And even though clothes here might be a little pricey considering that they look so basic, Uniqlo almost always has sales so be on the look out for those. The cardigans I bought with the UV PROTECTION were originally $29.95, but they were all on sale for $14.95, which I believe is very cheap for something of such great quality. They also had a variety of colors to choose from as well as V-necks or U-necks. I can't wait for the Los Angeles branch to open. I'll be sure to visit that one when it does!
Here's the dilly: - way less crowded than the SoHo & Midtown stores - just as organized as all the other Uniqlo locations - as expected, their workers are friendly and all smiley - crazy mannequin flotation happening - easily comprehensible layout, unlike the midtown location - close to many subway lines - their heat tech stuff is amazing
I think the best way to describe Uniqlo is like the Mac store for clothing. The store is massive but with a lot of open space, really organized, really clean, and there is always an employee at every corner to help you out. It's never super crowded, but they have enough cashier's to avoid that on all three floors. I also really like the collaboration with clothing designs with fellow artists--it gives it sort of a kick in fashion. Almost everything I find in terms of shirts and dresses are at the stock price of $20, which is a pretty good deal due to the quality of clothing. I have had problems in the past with stores like Express, Urban, and H&M where hems tend to tear and rip easily. I still have a couple of items that I got at Uniqlo from about 3 years ago that are still in great condition. Right now Barbie, Hello Kitty, Metal Gear, and Warhol themed shirts are going on. So if that interests anyone. Great store, affordable prices, and awesome staff!
This store is massive and there is almost too much clothes to choice from!  The technology clothing is amazing...summer cooling fabric and winter heat trapping clothing, its too good! And worth the money. Sale section is keep organized and the deals are impressive....stock up on basics here cuz the fabric is cotton so soft you're gonna want to get double sets of everything. Staff is super nice and schooled in traditional Japanese manner, handing your credit card back with both hands.  And in turn you feel welcomed and wanting to be nice back. Quality clothing, trendy, and nice on your wallet.
As I know as the uniqlo in Japan, the great thing is they carry exactly same things as Japanese Uniqlo carry and I can buy the things I want to have. lots of color choices, have a enough size choses, and easy to pick the styles cuz most of them they carry is so simple. Price point is good as well as a quality. the store is very clean, well agonized, fun to look around and easy to find a items what you looking for. I think the 34th store is best uniqlo in the NYC. less people then SOHO store and I really liked not so crowded around 3-4 o'clock! I'll pick this store to coming back when-never I need to get something at uniqlo.
This place is over-hyped. First the good - they have a pretty store with fabulous rainbow stairs. The prices are decent and there's TONS of selection. All of the above is cool, but the clothing is still crap quality. You can feel how it's not very well made. It's just a plain jane clothing store. Kind of like Old Navy with better colors.
Style is a mix of H&M +  Gap.  Comfy every day wear in an array of colors for a reasonable price without sacrificing quality. A huge plus if you're petite like me because non-American brands have kept their sizing true.  American brands have increased the sizing to conform to the ever increasing size of the average body type in the US.  I was wondering why it felt like I was shrinking when I would be swimming in the dressing rooms. So no, you did NOT go DOWN a size, the size went UP to you!   I came here soon-after the grand opening of this ginormous flagship store and it was a madhouse!! People were everywhere looking for everything.  The cashier had almost all stations open.  I was quite overwhelmed.  The staff were friendly and helpful enough but the hustle and bustle was a bit too much for me.  My fault for going on a Saturday afternoon. Bought some basics: Fleece zip-ups for my parents (I'm so thoughtful! Haha)  And then heattech tights, long sleeve tops, and well more tights to keep me warm for the winter/snowboarding season. After that I had to get out of there.  I can't wait for them to open one in LA.  I'll just remember NOT to go soon-after it's opening and def. not on a Saturday afternoon like I did when I was at this one.
Dress shirts: $30.  Linen shirts: $30*.  Beatle/Warhol/blues or jazz musician/David Lynch-themed t-shirts: $10*-20. I've bought a ton of great buys here in the past 4-6 weeks.  I picked up a raincoat a sports coat, multiple t-shirts, some dress shirts and some underwear here.  Despite the price, the clothes have been great.  It's easy to find stuff here and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The store is clean, huge, and bright, as if it had just opened. * Uniqlo often has sales and I was able to get some items at a discounted price
I love this store. I usually make an effort to visit it while i visit NYC. The new item to get this year was the down jackets. I kept debating about getting one, but I finally opted not to get one since I live in CA and it wouldn't be worth me spending $100 on a jacket like this. The jackets were nice and fitting, but when i tried it on, like a previous reviewer, it looked like a trash bag on me so this helped me with my decision. I love now how their heat tech line has expanded. I had to get the tank tops this time and I love how the legging line has expanded. A little on the expensive side ($12 for leggings). While I was checking out, my bf's sister noticed the bag the guy was giving me to put my stuff in to leave. She commented on how my bag looked nicer than her's (regular white uniqlo bag).  The guy who worked there mentioned they have hello kitty bags too and an anxiously yelled "I want a hello kitty bag!".   He put my stuff in a hello kitty bag instead! The bag was so cute and it was nice that they gave me the hello kitty bag even though I didn't buy anything hello kitty that they sold there!
I LOVE THIS STORE !!! I'm not much of a shopper but everything about this store was what I was looking for.  It's a mix of Gap, H&M with a little Banana Republic.  Plus they have t-shirts made with incredibly soft cotton.   Their motto is to offer great quality clothing at affordable prices.  Affordable?  Oh heck yeah!  Each item I bought was either $10, $20 (a pair of jeans!) or $30.   PLEASE OPEN A STORE IN LOS ANGELES !!!!!!!!!!!
Friends, go to this one! I am a frequent shopper at the Soho store so I was so excited to see that two new locations were opening closer to my work. I went to the 53rd Street store twice in one week, ashamed to admit, and found it to be an overwhelming maze. The 34th Street store is just the right size, just the right layout and has an amazing staff. It wasn't overwhelming at all. A little busy, but much nicer and easier to navigate than the Soho store! At the 53rd Street location, why did they spread out women's clothes over 3 stories and a mezzanine with no organization? Anyway, go Herald Square.
The entrance almost gave me the feeling of Apple store meet Gap. But the moment I enter I'm greeted by an associate who offered me a bag to shop with. That's how they get you with that ultra friendliness and bags that hold copious amounts of merchandise. The prices are actually cheaper than I had imagined. Did this place feel like I was in a Japanese Gap? No. Nothing about this place besides the name makes you think of a Japanese store. But that doesn't matter. They have really nice clothes, friendly employees and a super clean store that even if you don't end up buying anything it's still nice to window shop. They did give me some ideas for Christmas gifts for a friend or two so next time I'm in town I'll definitely be picking something up.
Wasn't really a fan of the whole experience.  The only thing I did like was the openness and space of the building.  Other than that, I doubt I'll ever return to a Uniqlo store. First, the clothes didn't fit well at all.  I won't count this too much against them as my arms are a bit lanky, so the brands that fit me well are hit or miss.  Needless to say, this was a miss.   Second, I understand customer service, but when I can't turn a corner without someone waving an article of clothing at me telling me it's the very last of it's kind and on sale...I got irritated.  I just wanted to browse, but there were seriously 100 workers in this store, all of them just waiting for you to come within 10 feet of them.  And climbing the stairs (which I had to do to get to the Men's section on the 3rd floor), I came across at least 5 workers at the top of each stair case welcoming me to that level...again with more clothes to shove in my face... Overall, I just wasn't impressed at all with the store.  Since I didn't buy anything, I can't comment on the value or how well the "heat-tech" stuff works, so if you're truly interested, go ahead and check it out.  Just get ready for the brigade of workers...
Very overwhelming...3 floors full of cheap clothes that I would actually wear. The clothes are made a bit cheap too, but it's worth  the price. The staff are friendly and the registers are opened on each floor. It's a cool spot. Guess where everyone will be getting their Christmas gifts from this year?
Too many cloths! Not too crowded! Best NYC location IMO. The customer service is great, the fitting rooms are always available and of course deals deals deals. I've been a Uniqlo fan since my first time visiting the Soho location and this branch continues to wow me!
I always feel like I'm shopping in some sort of quasi-dystopian future when I'm in this store. Bright lights, happy calm voices encouraging you to buy packages of shirts and underpants from shiny, saturated walls. The clothing itself is okay - it leans towards the loose and flow-y for the ladies. Shirts fit well, while I find the pants to run ridiculously small. The ideal Uniqlo figure is definitely petite and slim. What sets this place above your basic H&M is that the quality is better while still being affordable. I love the long sleeve shirts and I have a cashmere sweater I grabbed on sale that's still going strong. This particular location is well stocked, but I find it very easy to get lost. It's the whole future-package thing their pushing, I think.
I'm a fan of uniqlo. They constantly have sales and the clothes aren't that pricey to begin with. I love the layout and decor of their stores. Everything is folded neatly and arranged colorfully. Glass partitions and mirrors everywhere make the place look spacious. For mens, the pants are never shorter than 32L. What i love about them is that you can get pants/jeans hemmed for free at the store! ($5 for blind stitching). It's so convenient. Notice that when you hand over a credit/debit card, the cashier always receives it with both hands (I think it's their policy). They have HEATTECH, designed to keep in heat and dries quickly. The staff are always super nice and helpful.
My brother took me here to go clothes shopping and to update my wardrobe. It's moderately expensive but the clothes are top-line. I like their jeans and the fact that they do hemming and adjustments for free. The location is also easy to find since it's close to the Empire State Building.
This store is huge! 3 floors of non-stop shopping and colors. Their grand opening sale ends on Oct.30th so make sure you get there for some nice cashmere sweaters amongst other pieces for an incredible price! The line to get in on the day it opened isn't bad at all. I have to admit that the security/staff did a real good job putting on a happy face for all the customers. Even though it was so crowded, the cashier line moved very quickly. I didn't bother trying things on in the fitting room as that line was long. I am most impressed with their cashmere sweaters, so many different colors which are dyed prior to being woven, which looks a lot brighter. The prices are relatively cheap, simple pieces good for layering. Keep up the good work!
This new clothing store is an instant hit. Very comfortable clothing that seems to fit me perfectly which is always a bonus. They have the store set up with the first floor serving as a show room for everything else in the store which makes it very easy to choose things you want before heading to all the different floors. The staff is very friendly and more than willing to help you find everything you want and the prices are extremely affordable for the quality of product your getting. Definitely check out this store!!
On our way home from Chinatown we both realized that the HeatTech we had gotten @ Uniqlo's flagship (read my review) were too big.  So before it was too late, we got off @ Herald Square so we could get them exchanged. It might have been the time of day, but this location was much quieter than the 5th Avenue location.  The set up & the decor is pretty much the same as the other location. Even though it was getting late, the sale people were still super nice & helpful.  Uniqlo for the win again!
Great place for clothes, I got a couple of pairs of jeans here. Pretty cheap in price with today's standards. They also do free alterations. I love the store as well, super bright and modern.
I went to this Uniqlo to make an exchange. The staff was extremely helpful and the selection was large. This was a very bright and airy store. The only thing unique about this Uniqlo is they carry the new children's clothing line. It is nice but very EXPENSIVE! $50 cardigans, $60 spring jackets. C'mon Uniqlo, you need to make the prices more affordable. Afterall, kids grow out of their clothes in 6 months to a year.
Good selection, decent prices, horrible layout. I've only been to this location and have no idea if the other outposts fare better or worse. There's no rhyme or reason in the use of the massive space, and you'll need to lean on the helpful staff to navigate the multiple floors and disorganized sections.
Uniqlo is an experience. I didn't actually buy anything but I'm a huge fan of the open layout, the high shelves, the glowing blue staircases, the clear elevator and the staff that basically are invisible. I always see a few things that I kinda-sorta-maybe like here but I always leave empty handed, overwhelmed and with the desire to hit the gym.
It's a big Uniqlo. If you like their clothes, this is great.
Oh Uniqlo, how I love you so! When I moved to New York for college, I was looking forward to shopping at Uniqlo because they don't have any locations in Southern California (please make one and I will love you forever) and I've heard good things about their clothes. It turns out that the hype was well-deserved. Uniqlo's prices are comparable to H&M's while offering more basic pieces that are sure to appeal to anyone's wardrobe. On my first visit, I picked out a pair of olive green corduroy pants and tried them on, only to find that they were much too long for me. Nothing to worry about, however! Uniqlo offers free alterations on all of their pants. I wasn't really sure how this process works, but the friendly worker at the fitting rooms was more than happy to explain. He cuffed one side of the pants to my desired length, pinned it down, and then told me to proceed to check-out and inform the sales associate that I would be using the service. Sure enough, the pants were ready for me when I returned a few days later at my convenience. Since then, these pants have become a staple piece for me. I also really like Uniqlo's outerwear. I never owned much winter clothing because I had always lived in warm climates my whole life, but Uniqlo had me covered. I have a black puffy knee-length parka (with a detachable hood that also has detachable fur) and a wine red pea coat from them, and I wear both pieces constantly because they match with everything. Whenever I'm looking for good deals on quality clothing, I know I can always turn to Uniqlo!
I remember Uniqlo when it first opened in SoHo several years back. It was a hit with consumers here especially because it offered stylish, quality clothing that was rather inexpensive. The best way to describe this store, it's a Japanese version of the Gap but with a much wider selection of styles and colors. The store is massive as well. It's grown in popularity, so much so that they just opened up this new location in Herald Square. The driving force of Uniqlo is that they sell basic modern, trendy clothing for the all-ages hip consumer at rather low prices. The store itself is also fun to shop at with its multi-level layout, and clean, organized and color coordinated setup. While the store is huge and the inventory may seem overwhelming, they manage to keep the store organized so you're not rummaging. When looking for a simple coat for the winter, pastel colored jeans for Spring, a skirt for the Summer, etc. Uniqlo presents a variety of options for all the basics. I received a long bubble jacket with hood from Uniqlo as a Christmas gift from my husband. It's literally one of my favorite and warmest jackets. It uses a special 'heat technology' as they call it, and the heat tech is not a gimmick. They are lightweight clothes that function like everyday clothes, but it insulates heat a lot more efficiently. I've been wearing this coat all winter. It's stylish, lightweight, and kept me super warm. The lightness of it makes it less bulky too. Water droplets also seem to dry off fast when the coat is exposed to rain or snow. They also have special tech for some of their summer clothes. These clothes repel heat and sweat better than regular clothes. And, for corporate guys who need button-down shirts, they have convenient non-iron options as well. There are some things I am not a fan of at Uniqlo. I find their pant lengths to be a bit too long, especially for shorties like myself. They have jeans available in 32" and 34" in length, but rarely or have I ever seen anything below that. However, they offer $5 alteration services which can be done within a matter of hours. Nonetheless, great store with a great selection of simple but stylish clothing at low prices. They have all your basics and pretty much every item they sell covers the color spectrum.
The jackets resemble wearing a wrinkled garbage bag...but it does keep you very warm, while being super light! It qualifies as an "Only in New York" place for the moment, I do hope they branch out to the west coast soon... I was there looking at their "Hefty-bag-esque" hoodies, which hugs your form, and keep you toasty for a reasonable price... I guess I'm just not as fashion forward as most, their style and designs don't seem to fit me very well. The staff was helpful and friendly, the store was modern, well lit, and things were easy to find.  Its worth checking out if your in the area.
Love the clothes, the brand, and the quality. Great look, and was glad to hit the flagship store which was a mid-frak.I find for the price, the clothes are top notch quality, and a real bargain for midtown NYC. Hell, it's a bargain for DC if we had one. There is one thing to note, while the store is 3 floors, there really is not that much in their catalog. In fact, you can find the exact same clothing items for sale on each floor giving the appearance that there are more items available than there really is. It's a neat merchandizing illusion. I love this place, and can't wait for my next trip to mid-town to do more shopping.
Oh how I've missed you, Uniqlo. My favorite place to buy basics. I love it more than I love AA and Gap. WAAAAYYY MORE. The only thing I love more about AA than Uniqlo is their color selection, if Uniqlo would work on that then I'd love it to the moon and back! Their clothes are simple, but they're also must-haves for your closet. I've noticed that their sizes are different from the Asian stores though, way larger than the ones in Asia. So I'm not sure why people are complaining about the sizes being small... The selection is good, but it can be difficult to find what you need. It seems like things are spread out rather than having a specified by gender. I kind of had trouble finding my stuff so much that I forgot to buy some things I needed and came here to buy. I guess they get business partially by distracting ya ;P but now I'm going to have to wait til my next trip out to NY to get those things. Sadsies. I wish they had a store in SF but it's definitely a good excuse to get out to NYC. This store, in particular, is almost a carbon copy of the one in SoHo. I seriously thought I was in the flagship store for a second until I realized no, I'm by Herald Square. Screws with your mind just a tad. The decor is nice though, I love the stark whiteness juxtaposed with the bright stairs. Cashiers are speedy too and prices are cheap so its a win for me! And I am back to missing Uniqlo again! :(
I like to sometimes look down at my outfit and see how much of it is from Uniqlo.  In the winter, the answer is almost all of it.   Uniqlo is the place I was very pleased to stock up on sweaters and jeans this winter.  My favorite products are the lambswool sweaters for $19.99 that are unfortunately out of circulation, the cashmere sweater, the cotton leggings, and black jeans.  Their thin puff jackets are best for the early spring and not warm enough for the winter.   Their jeans sometimes have an odd fit depending on the style for this Jewish woman of mid size, sometimes tight in the legs and loose in the hips and vice versa, but the price point works and alterations are only $5! The 34th Street location has better selection, organization, and is less crowded than the midtown store.
Love this place - they carry the basics in every color. Good prices, and great sales/clearance. Proud to say it accounts for about a quarter of my wardrobe.
Fun Japanese clothing store, with an eye for design.  As to what they carry, I think of it as similar to Gap or American apparel, with underwear and tee basics, as well as sweaters, coats, etc.  I have a particular affinity to the brand after going to Japan - it's fun to see a bit of it here in the US! My fantasy when walking in was to find many clothes that would be perfectly proportioned for petites - after all, these guys started in Japan... Alas, that was only a fantasy - everything was huge on me.   Props to them however for their great deals - $50 for a cashmere sweater?  Yes please, although I wouldn't call it the finest cashmere out there, still... How about a line of women's clothes that are petite?  That would bring me back interested.
i hadnt heard of this brand prior to walking into the store. it's kind of gap meets american apparel? like, preppy and straightforward but simple and conservative? something like that. i got a great pair of jeggings here for $19 that i get complimented on all the time. they hug in all the right places and don't make you feel like the fatty rocking jeggings, and they are really comfy and stretchy. i didn't see much else that i was all that interested in, but i'm considering ordering those jeggings in every color! open one in LA!!
My husband is Japanese and loves this place. Hence, I am here often. Clothes are reasonably priced and the quality is actually pretty excellent. The clothes range from metrosexual to hipster. I'm not the biggest fan of their women's clothing, but their clothes sure do look hot on my hubby :-)  which makes this girl happy.
The new UNIQLO Store on 34th Street is amazing.  Get off at the 34th Street/Herald Square subway (B, D, F, M), and you're right there!   The store is huge, and I'm very impressed by their knowledgeable staff.  The design of the store is very well thought through, and each floor really highlights their style.  Just opened today so I'm still checking it out! Definitely worth the trip out here to check out their new flagship store!
Bought some lightweight winter gear that keeps me more warm than my north face. Love this place!
This is the most organized store ever!
This store is AMAZING! Great prices, great style, selection, quality, and customer service! Wow if only there was one closer to where I live! There are too many stores these days selling thin and low quality clothes. But Uniqlo is trendy and contemporary while offering value that can't be beaten! There are stairs and elevators. Also the bathrooms are on the second floor. There are mannequins that go up and down the levels. NO CLOTHES ON THE FLOOR! Yes yes yes! Also the hand dryers in the bathrooms are sweet. You have to try them. Awesome customer service! My friend wanted to use the bathroom but the toilet paper was out. We asked the nearest guy for help and he got toilet paper for us. I WILL 100% COME BACK HERE! It's definitely going to be on my to-do list!
Im loving Uniqlo now!! The space is very big and has a lot of clothing selections. It isn't crowded at all! I just brought the Sweater Poncho in grey. Although it looks big, it reminds me of korean fashion. perfect for the fall back-to-school. Prices may be high but quality is the very very good!! you can't find this outside. one major con is that there is no shopping online.
Definitely wanted to visit this store during my visit to New York for the first time. The fact that it was 3 stories just shows how big of a selection they had of clothing. The prices were fair and they had some really great sales. I just loved the look of all their designs and clothing, not to mention the ambiance of the store. A definite stop for the traveling New Yorker.
amazing place - higher quality than gap / Banana Republic at Old Navy prices. Don't expect much in terms of service though.
If their clothes are your style then you will like it, to me it is like H&M but that clothes are not as stylish. Kinda like American Apparel and Gap has a clothing store baby. The prices are decent, but not WOW and overall it was not at all my thing. Was very disappointed since all the reviews were so good.
Good clothes, nice style and good deals, Heck Ya!  tons of colors and patterns in every item! This location is huge but you get a good work out on the stairs. Waiting to see how the clothes hold up in durability.
I went to this location looking for the t-shirts they had in the soho location that they took away, and what do you know I found the one I wanted in my size last one. There clothes are okay I guess, but I mostly come here for the undergarments and t-shirts although those slippers look comfortable.
LOVED this store! They had fantastic prices on good quality stuff.  My sister also liked how they carry smaller sizes in both men's and women's wear.  The store is really big and there's lots to see.  The staff was friendly and there were lots of comfortable change rooms.  I really liked it here because there was something for everyone.  My 21 year old sister bought stuff, my 30 year old self did and my 60 year old mother did.  The selection of styles and colours is great.  I really recommend this store because we don't have it here in Canada and you get really good value for your money.
The new 34th st UNIQLO just opened and their associates don't know what they're doing.  They first failed to remove any ink tags and alarm tags off the jacket I purchased from the store and I was somehow able to walk out with these tags on the jacket without sounding alarms from their loss prevention/security team.  When I called them, after learning my new jacket still had the stupid ink tags, they told me to go all the way back to the store in NYC to have it removed or to "ship it" to them for returns. You people have some very incompetent associates. UNIQLO was able to train them to do Japanese hand gestures when accepting credit cards, asking for signatures, and handing over receipts but they never bothered to train these people on removing goddamn ink tags or making sure there are no security holes in their store.  This level of service is on par with that of Sears.
so.. those premium cotton v-neck shirts? the two pack? illegally comfortable legitimate cotton surrounds my body? LOVE! wait.. they? do they? they make BOXER BRIEFS IN THAT COTTON TOO?? you mean I can have that same premium cotton all up on my boto? if i could really yelp how i felt in that moment, this review would get flagged for being inappropriate $5.50 for shirts, $12 for the two pack. $9.90 for 2 boxer briefs. treat ya self don't cheat ya self
Big store, lots of collection. The best, I guess is the feather light down jackets. Anyway that was what I went to see and buy. First I didn't know that you choose the jeans and then give it for alteration, was looking for my size for a long time and then this staff walks up and tell me how they do the alteration for free. The good thing about that is your jeans comes out perfect on length, but the bad about it is you have to wait. In my case it was for 3 hours and I decided to comeback the next day. Couldn't make it and ended up picking it up in a week. I think they keep it for 90 days.
I can dress exactly the same as those mannequins but for some reason I just don't look as fly :(
This is a really cool store and super clean. The selection of clothes is huge and I love the heat tech. All the clothes I've ever purchased from here look great and feel comfortable. The prices are very reasonable for Manhattan which makes it really easy to go overboard. I find myself here during the winter looking for the next heat tech item.
I love this store. I really like their quality and their abundance of color.  I like to think of this place as the Japanese take on American Apparel. Their style is simple and it comes in a range of colors. I love that they offer free hemming and I love their soft t's.  It's no surprise that they're opening up another one in the city!
Love love love shopping here! Basics I have bought here last longer and look better than stuff I have paid 10x as much. LOML loves it also~not that he would actually SHOP here because he would never deal with the crowd(it is always crowded) but he loves everything I have brought home for him. A winner, seriously, no matter your age, body type or size of pocketbook
Uniqlo. You need clothes. Uniqlo. You need clothes. Japanese characters, pish posh:  this is subliminal advertising. And it's working. I bought a white blazer (49.90) and orange shorts ($12.90 ish? I threw away the receipt because I needed an orange pair of shorts. I just...needed them). And whenever I wear that awesome white blazer, I feel like a powerful woman.  Even stains fear me, I swear.
This place is just like old navy... But more colors and alittle more $. I rather shop at old navy get a better deal for the same material of clothing.
The sizes are always smaller! Do not get fooled... these are Asian sizes... Always be safe and pick a size up from what you normally wear, esp. for shirts ( which shrink unbelievably after a few washes) and cotton /cotton blend bottoms. Affordable, yes, but I do not find the material of enduring quality.
Not many people remember this but UNIQLO was here in the early to mid part of the 2000's and were found in some malls (i knew a couple NJ malls that had them). They were always known to as a retail brand that had no labels, good quality, stylish and inexpensive then, poof... they were gone like Kaiser Soze. A couple years later, UNIQLO came back with a sharper business plan and only opened stores in select cities. They were more aggressive, had better marketing and improved on their earlier attempts to conquer America. I can say now that UNIQLO is my favorite clothing store. In this economy, people are always looking for quality clothes at a lower price. They have it. And their customer service is like the Apple Store of clothing chains. (they hand everything to you with 2 hands) I highly recommend and if you are one of those people who need smaller clothing sizes, this is a good place.
Not a bad store or location.  I stopped in here briefly to browse.  Didn't see anything I wanted but it did seem consistent with their other location and I'm just happy there's another store in NYC.  I'm sure eventually I'll see something I want here, though I'll hate dodging the tourists to get there.
Good quality, but cheap clothing. Probably not hip enough for all of the store anymore, but will be back if in NY to buy shirts and jeans.
Tiny petites like me can shop at the Japanese minimalist store Uniqlo, and just barely fit into their smallest sizes -- still, their clothes are cheap enough that I'm happy to peruse the many aisles, picking up amazing deals on soft cottony tank tops and skinny jeans.  The store is huge and well-stocked, plus it doesn't hurt that the salespeople are uber-friendly and keep the shelves neat and tidy.
I really like shipping at this store. The layout is perfect so that you can find exactly what you need instead of wasting time flagging down a sales rep. Their ultra light thermal gear is absolutely brilliant! Thin, lightweight, yet keeps you warm during the freezing Nwinter months without the bulk?! Yes please! If you can't find your size on the rack always ask a sales person if the have more,because they usually have more stock int he back.  I like the overall modern and clean design of the store, minnimal and not distracting to shop in.
Love this store for cute graphic tees. None of their pants fit me in reality, only in theory. The staff are always helpful though even when pessimistic customers like me come along.
I loved the selection and fit of the clothes at this Uniqlo location. I liked the store so much I came back twice. I love the option of getting your pants altered. Unfortunately I wasn't able to take advantage of that service. I did walk out happily however with a handful of quality items. Customer service was up to par and I liked the overall design of the place-- there were a lot of options but I was never overwhelmed.
the mothership of their three stores in nyc. affordable costs. comfortable clothes. good quality. get their heattech garments!
Great foundational basics to build a wardrobe. Uniqlo clothes have a more athletic/lean cut, so if you're used to more boxy American-style cut clothing, you should definitely try before you buy.
The store is bright, clean, well organized, and the sales staff are extremely courteous and helpful. One sales associate went out of her way to find me a pair of pants: there was only one left in the store according to their computer records, so she asked me to wait downstairs as she searched all the floors, dressing rooms, mannequins, the stock room, and every drawer, nook & cranny. Amazing customer service. Great clothes. Good prices.
This is really a great store. Tremendous value.
This is my first Uniqlo experience...and all I have to say is wow!  From the day-to-day deals, the ambiance to the cool staff, I think I know where my paycheck will go (well most of it..lol)
I have been to all 3 branches in NYC, and I personally love this one the best.  There is the least amount of people there, and I dont have to wait half an hour to go to the fitting room, in fact there was no wait to the particular fitting room I went to on a Sunday during the day..  Also the free alterations they have I took advantage of and best yet it took them only 2 hours to alter 2 pants I bought, instead of 2 days.  Staff was friendly as usual.  Also merchandise was organized well.  Hopefully after this review the masses will not flock to this location, because I have made this my new default uniqlo store.
hott damn! Why will anyone ever shop at H&M again?  This place is like a "cheaper" version of J Crew.  Basic designs but cheapER.  Stuff still costs $30-100 but the quality is sooo much better than h&m.   The line for the dressing room and to pay goes by rather quickly.  LOVED it here.   Bought a ton of their "heat technology" clothing for the winter!
First time at a Uniqlo and I don't understand the hype.  The clothing was ok (as others have said...Gap-like) but pretty expensive!  The store was full of solids and basics such as tshirts, small sweaters in solid colors, and leggings.  They have clothes for men and women of similiar variety.  Staff were friendly but we didn't buy anything!  The store has several levels and they do have an elevator available all the way to the back on the right should you need it.
Love this Uniqlo location.  Surprisingly, it is the least crowded and most well maintained location in the city.  Simply Love IT!!  Also, you just can't top the customer service and attentive service.  Sometimes the curtesy is a bit much - I can carry the clothes I want to try own, thank you very much - but still refreshing and unexpected when most NYC service can be brisk and spotty.  Uniqlo aims to please in many ways, service, promo deals and appealing clothes.  Great store for casual-hip clothes especially men's section.
From the time I entered store - to the dressing room - to check out - to leaving store staff was wonderful & attentive.
went during the second day and needless to say, it was packed. they had a $9.90 special on their jeans, so people were clamoring for it. the store is bright, spacious, and stocked with great coats and necessities. the staff was courteous and all of them were making sure customers were helped and everything was clean. picked up some heattech gear to prepare for the coming winter! i loved their bags cause each one was different! i wanted the one with hello kitty! a great store and i wished they would open up one on in california!
A very nice and organized place for basic sweaters, jeans, coats, pants, and other warm weather goodies like undershirts and tights. They had an awesome $9.90 jean sale but the sizing was very limited... the largest in stock was 27 (my usual size) but that ran small :(. The staff was courteous and very helpful. I'll check it out again if they have a sale, I saw some $60 cashmere haha.
To my understanding, this is a fairly new store. and my first time here I fell in luv with this store instinctly, because it reminds me so much of the Gap where I practically shop at every other day, they had the sale of the lifetime, eighty dollar jeans for ten dollar and they were really nice, the atmosphere is nice and everybody is extremely helpful and pleasant, I will definitely be going back.  They hzve some very nice things there.
Great basic clothes at very decent prices! This is the only Uniqlo branch I've been to so far, but I'm a big fan. The have some great pieces and they hem your pants for free! The only downsides is the layout (kind of cavernous and plain) and the unhelpful staff. I'd like to visit some of the other branches since 34th St in general is a mess for shopping, but overall it's definitely worth a visit!
Bought two jean leggings there for 19.90 each!  Great and comfortable
My friend turned me on to these clothes I really like them!  The quality is really top notch, good prices, and some comfy stuff!
Great buys but chaotic and confusing for a flagship. They did not section off the Men's vs. Women's clothing very well and there was too much of everything, everywhere!!!
Here are the good things about Uniqlo: good prices during sales, excellent service, good quality clothing. But I don't really like the style of the clothes at Uniqlo since I find most of them too plain and not stylish enough.
I love uniqlo.  Awesome sizing, fits slim people, lots of selection, what's not to like?  However.  I just headed to this location and looked for a pair of basic blue super skinny jeans - size 23 or 24.  There was nothing available in any of the NYC stores - just size 25 and up.  Salesperson had no idea when the next order would be in.  Wtf?  Uniqlo, do a better job of stocking your inventory please!
:( Was very disappointed with this new store. I'm a big fan of Uniqlo (Went to many stores in Japan and the one located in SoHo NY), but this new store was a real tear jerker. Although the store was in excellent condition and was very well built, the clothing was very different from what I usually get/see in other Uniqlo branches....too "Americanized?" IDK, but I didn't see much of what I was used to/liked when hitting up a Uniqlo store.
It's my favorite out of the three stores. Same great selection but more spacious and airy. The Soho and Fifth Ave stores felt a little cramped.
I like this store.  It's in the Herald Square shopping district which means that I finally don't have to trek into neighborhoods that I normally wouldn't to buy their sh*t.  Love the attention the brand pays to the look of their stores and your experience while in them.  I generally like to be left alone while shopping but this is a big store.  If you want help finding something, there are more than enough SAs around and they are VERY helpful.  E.g., if you ask for socks, they don't just point you to the socks but take you to them.  Otherwise, they leave you alone and are not overbearing. The sales at Uniqlo tend to be great.  I once read that they tend to mark down items on the weekends but IME some items are on sale every time I visit.  Got some sweaters for $9.99 each.  I like their sock wall a lot too.  It's, like, $10 for 4 pairs which may not seem like a deal but they are nice socks that last.  I've gotten my roommate, who is a girl, into buying the guy's socks.  She likes the colors... Fits on shirts and sweaters can be long, which is the only thing I don't like about this brand.  I think the brand will hem most pants and jeans to fit you at no additional cost. Definitely worth every visit I've made.
Worst tacos I've ever had.  Maybe if you were born right, you would see better.   ... That said, I highly recommend this place.
Whenever I'm in New York, I always go to Uniqlo. I'm obsessed with this store because they always have good quality, wearable clothing that I know will last past any fashion trend. I never have to wait too long for the fitting room, and the service is always friendly, helpful, and upbeat. I always stock up on their Heattech clothing, it really does keep you warm and cozy without the need for bulky clothing. I hope they branch out to different states!
I love this store....especially the 34th street branch. The store is spread over three levels...no escalators or elevators (at least none that I could see...). The staff is warm and friendly......wonder if this is the lasting store culture (wow) or just opening month extra effort. The clothes are reasonable, innovative, attractive and.....different. It is a nice place to go...if you have not been there...please do go while the sheen lasts..and I hope it will last a while.
Nice place, bigger than the one on SoHo and is air conditioned just right, but like every other Uniqlo that I have a problem with, PLEASE HAVE MORE SIZE SMALL CLOTHS.
The Herald Square location of Uniqlo is the best in the city because I feel that is never too crowded and I'm able to take my time with all the potential pieces I may cop. While I'm grateful to the SoHo location for providing several years of Japanese clothes for Americans, the men's selection is far too cramped and it always feels like a circus. The 5th Ave location is almost too big and I will admit that I've gotten lost in there before but then again I might just be a fool. However the Herald Square location is justtttt right Goldilocks. It feels like the clothes equivalent of Barnes and Nobles back in the day, where you may go in with a particular purpose, spend a few hours in there, and be happy that you spent more money on things you weren't planning on getting that day. Now that Uniqlo has a web site that takes online orders they are going to be more of a problem. Go on and pop tags young'n.
I hate shopping for stuff but uniqlo makes everything pretty easy to choose. All of there stuff is pretty cool and decently price. They are like the ikea of clothing. Btw I love ikea.
Like shopping in Japan but with normal sizes. The store is large and the bright white design with these mannequins in glass cubes and backlit staircase make you feel like you are in a Store of the Future. It's not that far from the look of Sleeper. The clothes seemed comfy and cool -- bought stuff for my boyfriend and he hasn't worn them yet, so I can't tell you if their tube socks are really better than the ones that come six to a pack but the overall experience convinced me that they would be and at $12.97 for three pairs it was within the 'what the heck' price range. Same with their jeans. I was out after-Christmas shopping and at $30 their wind-proof denim was almost twice as expensive as the $16 jeans I purchased two of at the Aeropostale next door but I was totally living in Uniqlo world, where looking like a Japanese hipster was the coolest look-for-my-boyfriend I could think of and figured he could wear the Aero jeans while doing home renovation.
They are excellent here. I never write reviews, but I had to. They were so helpful, checking stock and fit. They were very attentive, yet, not overwhelming. The store is so neat and organized. Skip H&M and come straight here. Much better quality, neater, and wayyyyy better staff! Go Uniqlo!
I just visited Uniqlo at 34th yesterday (9/28/12). I saw on their FB page that they were having a big sale in their NYC stores to promote the opening of their first store in New Jersey. I got two pairs of jeans for $9.90 each and a shirt for $15. I feel like I got a really amazing deal on some good quality goods.
Maybe it's just me, but their clothes never seem to fit quite right. Selection is similar to American Apparel and the Gap. Slightly expensive for mass produced basics. It is Japanese designed but manufactured with cheap labor from other countries. At least with American Apparel you know the higher price is going towards keeping jobs in the US (though also keeping a sexual harasser wealthy). The store looks quite nice though and the staff was helpful while I was there.
love this store!!! good prices!
