Absolutely fantastic boutique! I went there for the first time this Saturday and fell in love with this place. If I could give it 100 stars, I would! Clothes: beautiful, cool, well designed and crafted. The style and fit is awesome. I don't live in NYC but I will definitely keep an eye on the boutique's Instagram to make sure I don't miss new pieces. They ship for free in the US. ALL CLOTHES IS MADE IN NYC!!!! It even says it on the label which makes it almost a museum piece :) Owners: The shop owners design all clothes they sell and they are working at the boutique themselves. They are so helpful and friendly. You can see they love and take a lot of pride in what they do. You can count on them to share an honest opinion about anything you are trying on. For example, my friend tried on a dress but Jo told her that the dress was designed for a different body type. My friend ended up buying a beautiful maxi skirt and I bought a cool screen printed t-shirt. Soul: Finally, to put a cherry on top, the owners of the boutique are involved in rescue work of pitbulls and chiwawas, 2 top euthanized breeds. They sell totes with prints to raise money and spread the message. There is also a metal jar on the counter to collect donations. On Instagram they post updates about the latest projects that were funded with the proceeds. All in all, you have to check them out. It's good for your style and soul :)
The clothing was not my particular style, and I found the items rather pricey, however, I am giving this store 4 stars because every item is designed and made by the eccentric owner, you might expect to see working at Harley Davidson rather than a women's clothing boutique. He was knowledgeable and clearly passionate about his business. He pulled pieces he thought would work for my lifestyle (medical student) but didn't pressure me to buy anything. It was a treat to find this store. I encourage other's to check it out!
Location/Neighborhood: Away from the hustle and bustle of St.Mark's. You feel as if you stumbled upon a hidden gem. Over twenty-years old with electric pink walls Fab 208 offers a memorable shopping experience. If you're a fan of the punk label Smith &Smith or a similar style of clothing then you will absolutely fall in love with this shop. Jo Custance-Smith and her husband Alan design their own collection and also run the boutique. With a great selection of boldly patterned dresses and unique vintage inspired accessories, you can tell that this store is a labor of love. You're sure to score a great piece from their collection that will have everyone asking "Where did you get that?"
I was in Fab 208 last week and bought two delightful dresses.  I was looking for something new for work and I am so elated I stopped by - not only did I get two amazing, unique dresses for $200 (total), they are going to be perfect for traveling because they didn't wrinkle at all in my luggage when returning home (and they were folded!).  I am a 48-year-old woman, no longer as thin as I used to be, and was surprised to find a NYC designer making clothes I can wear and afford!  A big shout-out to the male half of Smith & Smith, who was such a big help, so kind and made some perfect suggestions.  After I got home I sent an e-mail praising the Smith & Smith designed dresses.  Jo (the female half of Smith & Smith) sent me a personal e-mail response, which was so sweet.  This team is awesome and I will definitely be watching Instragram for their next collection!
One of my favorite go-to boutique downtown. Fabulous prices for handmade clothes! The owners are very smart with their fabric choices. Just bought a new dress from here with great texture. Perfect for my travels. My purchases: 1) Black dress with gold stud all around the borders-- $110 2) Shirt with lace back-- $74
The owner designed all the clothes and can provide you good style advice. Their clothes are comfortable and stylish. Got a LBD and a cocktail dress there. I have been hunting for dresses for a long time and they fit well, look pretty, and are affordable. Still 4 star because some clothing's price could be just a little bit cheaper. Definitely worth checking out!
THIS STORE IS THE BOMB! My friend and I stumbled upon this wonderful clothing boutique when wandering around the East Village, carelessly wasting our money. Immediately, my eyes were pulled into a million different directions. Katrina: "JACQUE! LOOK, A STUDDED HAT!" Jacque: "FORGET ABOUT THAT. STUDDED GLOVES, HOLY CRA..." Katrina: "A GUN NECKLACE!" Jacque: "AWESOME." Yes, awesome. When you buy something here you know it's a one-of-a-kind piece and that no one will ever be wearing what you're wearing when you go out. The owner was working when we were there and she was a cool lady. She is very helpful in picking out items to go with your body type and personality. We were told to check back often because they have new stuff every week which, to me, is very exciting. The owner makes all the clothing and accessories herself with the exception of shoes, belts, and vintage pieces but she personally chooses each piece she sells as well. The jewelry is adorable, and I am absolutely in love with the beautiful, hand knitted hats. All their pieces are so creative, fun and packed with personality. I will be back.
If you're searching for that something rare, hard-to-find-nobody-else-has-it, this is the place. Forget the snobby, limited stock stores with unappealing storefronts. Fab208 is that unique boutique that has it all, no matter what your size, economic status or religion. The owners are straight shooters: Yes, they WILL tell you if your ass looks fat in that dress, if that blouse makes your boobs look weird, or if you just look silly in that sleeveless when this little reversible top would look sooo much better. The owners (and designers) Jo and Alan are warm, funny and real, but this IS the East Village, so if you cop a 'tude, they will cop one right back, and they're much better at it, so be don't be a jerk and you'll get along just fine.
Awesome place. Great one-of-kind vintage pieces. Best part about this place is the service. The couple that runs this place are amazing --super friendly, helpful and make beautiful clothes.   I got a beautiful silk two sided blouse. Love it. My friend got a beautiful vintage coach purse.
Wow, I thought I would be the first one to review, guess I joined too late. The reviews below me say it all, one of the best shopping experiences you could possibly have in the city. Jo and Allen will become your instant BFF's and stylists, they're even honest when something doesn't look good. Fab208 is always the first place I go when I need a dress to go out or have a big date. Generally I just walk in and say "I need to seduce someone tonight, what have you got" and things just fly into my dressing room. Jo is especially good at helping me limit my selections...holding 6 dresses she kept her promise she would only allow me to buy 2 and actually reasoned with me why I should pick certain ones (that were not the most expensive might I add). The re-vintage is great as it's that old-school style but it's tailored to a more modern fit. The clothing is definitely durable, I wore her long sweetheart dress for days in a row when I was travelling Europe and there wasn't a snag in the material! I've never worn something I got there without a compliment about the piece itself and how it fits me. I've got that hourglass shape (boobs and hips) and Jo's designs really show it off, sometimes I think her clothes are made for me. At the same time, my twiggy cousin and best friend have both made faboulous finds at the store.
Looking for something no one else has?  Fab 208 should be your first stop.  It isn't cheap but just one article of clothing here can change a wardrobe. For example, I have a beige knit cap with a sequined applique that makes me happy even when it is bitterly cold out, and it dresses up even the most boring pea-coat. This store also has a special place in my heart because they helped me pick out an outfit for a second date with my current boyfriend- needless to say the look was a hit!
I have an Amazingballs Top HAND FREAKIN MADE & Screen Printed in house !!! I mean really who does that anymore? I love them!!
Love love love this place. Repurposed vintage at its finest. The owners are freaking adorable and exceptionally helpful. It is here that I found one of my most treasured clothing items, a pair of grey leather shorts that were on sale for $35. It wasn't even fair that they were so fabulously cheap and amazing! I especially love the blouses that have been screenprinted with whatever design they pick for the month. So far I have 2 blouses and next time I am in the EV i'll be picking up more and they're definitely in my regular rotation of shirts. I have been eyeing the black leather studded fanny packs for a while now, maybe next month's paycheck I'll have to swing by again! Thanks so much for hopping the pond to spend your well purposed time with us!
I'm so glad I finally decided to stop in here. I always assumed it was another Pinkyotto with overpriced clothes that were too delicate to actually wear. Not only did I find exactly what I was looking for - something to wear for NYE - it was at a great price, with the perfect belt to match. One of the owners was also there and he was super helpful making fashion suggestions to me and another girl trying things on and overall he was just friendly and nice to chat with...not something you can say about a lot of places. I'll be going back for sure!
WOWWOWOWOWOWOWOW!! my new favorite store in EV!!!   Awesome style !! a little bit pricy I have to say but it's one of the kind.. Great SHOES selections.. hence, I bought 1 pair already !!! LOVE THEIR STYLE!!!!!
I love this place. This store is awesome!!!! I love it. Unique pieces of clothing, great jewelry and fab accessories. I can't say enough about it -
I ADORE the clothes here.  I luckily stumbled in here last summer after a disappointing excursion to Tokio 7 across the street and found amazing one-of-a-kinds and accessories!!!  Talk about a creative gem - the owners are incredibly helpful at finding outfits that work for your body and putting things together. I have 4 re-created vintage dresses from here and they are incredibly versatile.  The styles of the clothes here are all smart and interesting but vary to a point that people of every personality and walk of life can find something to express their point of view.  It's genius!
Bought a simple short black Smith & Smith dress here 4 years ago. My friends still think I'm wearing a new dress every time they see it. I've worn it with about 10 different belts, different tights, on the shoulder, off the shoulder, blazer/no blazer....it's by far the best investment I've made in clothing. Versatile and the fabric has held up great. I don't remember how much I paid ($40-$60) and it's worth every dollar. I also remember loving the staff, cool and real. Please don't ever raise your prices. For the New York women who want to have their own unique look and can't afford most boutiques, you are a godsend.
One of my new favorite stores in NYC. As a stylist always looking for something interesting, unique and fun, this place met all of my expectations. Another one of NY's best kept secrets.
BEST little boutique in the East Village that's been around forever. I miss it so much since I moved and I shop there every chance I get when I'm back in the City. Jo and Alan are one of a kind...erm, should I make that two of a kind?
This store is the best in the city! I stumbled on it about 3 years back and I have to visit it once a month to check out the new items - and trust me there are plenty! If you want a one-of-a-kind outfit that you won't see on the next girl walking down the street or at a bar-  Fab 208 is the place to go!  From re-created vintage, to sexy party dresses, to professional outfits that transition into evening - they have it all. And not to forget their awesome accessories and vintage belts. The owners (husband and wife) are super helpful and very good at designing for almost any body shape.  Whether you have boobs (yes I do) and/or an a** they can find the best flattering outfit for you.  And the best part is-  you won't break the bank!
Let me tell you that FAB 208 is about as good as it gets, and I am slightly surprised that I am sharing my secret store with the readers from Yelp, but with Thanksgiving around the corner and I hope we all have lots to be thankful for, I wanted to share my favorite gem of the city.   Jo is a master mind, she is one of the coolest ladies u will ever meet and an absolute genius.  She knows whats going on in the world of fashion before "regular" designers even know what trends they will be hitting.  She is one step ahead of everyone.  She basically buys vintage clothing and reworks it for whats modern of the season so every piece is individual.  You can't go in without buying a piece (or multiple) from every area as they are just so unique, chic , fun and you will be the ONLY one wearing it.   Her prices are reasonable too for the amount of work and attention that goes into each item.  It's always one stop shopping.  I recently bought an 80's cashmere Jaeggar jacket silk screened with beautiful leaves and I had people follow me around asking to touch it!  Oh and the leather shorts! Jo, love you and of course your fab husband who knows what's cool and sexy on women and has his own impeccable style doesn't hurt either.  FAB 208 in East Village is a NYC must hit.
I bought my sister a black leather studded purse here and she absolutely loves it.  The guy working there was very friendly and helped me decide which purse I should get her.  The quality of the purse is great and I love that it was made in NYC. Definitely check this place out!
This store is a terrific find. Jo, the owner, will catch you eying something that you think you could never pull off and will either say, "Try it. It's perfect" (and she's right) or "That's awful, not for your body. Try this instead" (and that piece is perfect.) Each item is a Jo original, so you will never have the problem of wearing that Forever 21 dress that Everyone Else Has. Jo's designs are creative and fun, and she uses vintage prints to spice things up. Jo makes clothes for real bodies. She is excellent at knowing what will look good on which person. The clothes are made well, fit well (for the most part - some of the one-size things aren't great on everyone), are REASONABLY PRICED, and last a long time. Too bad their store is too small to sell shoes and accessories now. :( They also don't always have a huge variety in types of pieces/styles, but there are some really great finds.
Perusing the 'hood after stuffing my pie hole with a ice cream no less, I see the pink facade. My hubby is such a good sport in NYC with my habitual need to shop. I actually saw a cool sugar skull shirt in the window that had drawn me in, but once in I was lots of trendy purses and jewels and dresses...oh yeah! The store owner starts chatting me up about sizes and prints available, I ask if the label is exclusive. He states "yeah my wife and I make everything here". Wow, okay now I'll take a closer look. I find a nice black jersey dress, simply straight forward. But once on, fabulous. Then even though I don't have a need for it, I fell for a long dark purple crushed velvet short sleeved number, thats well just fab! I WILL FIND SOMEWHERE TO WEAR IT! It's retro fab in my book. Prices were totally reasonable, and the label "Smith & Smith" says made in New York City ( a true rarity ). The owner and I chatted about his history in the area and his once trip to SF, nice dude and certainly a great find! Passed their business card on to my cousin who lives in NY (she loved the velvet number).
I just had a super fabulous experience here. All of the other reviews are dead on: mega-friendly owners, beautiful hand made pieces, smartly edited selection, wildly affordable! Can't wait to visit again the next time I'm in NYC! Love.
