Ugh, why must you(niqlo) only be in NY?! The rest of us state side who have gotten a taste of this place are definitely feeling a bit of withdrawal (scratch scratch scratch) This place is HUGE, but insanely organized. The walls are stacked high with jeans, t-shirts of every color, and enough sweaters to keep you warm through the entire NYC winter. I love the fits of their clothing, especially being a shorter, lean Asian male - it works perfectly for my body type. Most of the clothes here are great as basics and go well together if you're the layering type. The staff and mannequins are all dressed pretty well, so if you need an idea of what to wear, don't jock their style, but draw some inspiration from them. Free hem on all their pants are also a big plus, again with my petite frame. I hope to forsee another visit in the near future!
I'm really giving Uniqlo 3.5 stars, but I wasn't quite confident in the store enough to round up. I hadn't been down to the city in years, and I only had a couple hours to kill some Saturday afternoon.  Obviously, I chose to shop. I've been wanting to check out this store for a while, and was excited I had the chance to.  For the most part, I liked the basics options.  There were a LOT of skinny-fit colored jeans, and mini-skirts.  No matter what my weight, neither of these styles work for me.   I wanted to haul 10 pairs of jeans into the dressing room, but I was working on limited time.  I didn't even bother (I need to devote serious time and dedication for a jeans excursion) with those, but I did bring in some other stuff.  Found a couple things I liked, and the prices were damn right. Looking forward to coming back down in a couple weeks - and this time, I'll make sure I have enough time to deal with the denim!
Love this store.. so much better than American Apparel.. Huge selection and prices are almost too good to be true.. Everytime I tell someone about it they rave over it
I'm a new fan of UNIQLO!  A few months ago, the store had a sale on turtlenecks.  The fabric was very thin and I was reluctant to purchase one, but the sale price was awesome and there was a nice selection of colors.  When I wore my new turtleneck, I was amazed at how warm and soft it was.  So, I went back and bought 3 more in different colors.   :)
Still wish they would open a Uniqlo in LA. I stumbled here on a visit to NY and fell in love with the simple designs in men's clothing. Great Japanese quality basics at affordable prices. I have a denim long sleeve shirt from here I bought more than 2 years ago, and it gets better the more it's washed/worn!!!
I came back to NYC two months later and still found quite a few things to bring back with me to California. I even bought the BF a collared, light cotton, but smooth (hard to explain) cargo shirt and it was only $19.90 on sale! Uniqlo has GREAT service and everyone is super helpful - the guy putting your umbrella in the plastic bag, fitting room people, floor people who helped me find BF's size upstairs and cashier person who gave me another paper bag to cover my goodies since it was raining outside. They are always accommodating here and I love shopping here. The new pac man paper shopping bags are real cute too. PLEASE COME TO CALIFORNIA! And I got this super cute dress designed by Shipley and Halmos for Uniqlo.  I luv it!
Their t-shirts are kind of stupid in a not too cool way. The jeans look pretty awesome, but I haven't bought any because they all seem expensive to me.
kind of a weird place, but some really good things about it-- they have occasional sales on sweaters and all that. mainly wanted to review in order to let people know they offer shipping! its like seven bucks flat rate and you just fill out a form and you don't have to go to the post office to mail the gifts!  amazing service, very convenient.
This is my new new clothing store. I have old clothing stores aplenty -- they're called thrift shops. But I have very few new clothing stores that do well to provide the basics I need and want. At reasonable prices. Uniqlo is now all that. Uniqlo is what the Gap used to be for me in terms of pants. And what Mossimo (via Target)  used to be in terms of shirts. You like the styles, you learn the sizes, and you know that you can buy anything any time and be set. After an hour-plus of work at the office on a Saturday -- and a haircut at Swank -- yelp.com/biz/TThKaU1MJAP… -- I finally checked out Uniqlo, short for "Unique Clothing." It's the bomb! I bought less than $200 worth of clothes and got two shirts, three sweaters, and a sweater vest (do the math, $30 a pop!) -- all items I can mix and match with what I normally wear and look great all the while. Early reviews of the clothes went well -- C. loved them. And I think that the whole idea of Garanimals for adults needs to be more fully refined. Sell pieces that can be interchanged in any combination, and you've got me as a customer. The store itself is the Apple store for clothing. It, like the clothes, is well designed. The first floor features women's wear, including an entire wall of multicolored sweaters. There's a mezzanine with specials. And the second floor is men's clothes. I didn't hit the basement, which Shorty indicated was children's clothing. Had to ask a couple of people for help finding the sweater vests, which were displayed on mannequins but not shelves. There were a few hanging in the back of the second floor... not well placed. but what more can you ask for? Uniqlo rocks. Rock the Uniqlo.
I was a bit ambivalent about how hyped up this place is and was half expecting another H&M. Uniqlo definitely proved me wrong though and other budget clothing retailers should take heed. Uniqlo has got this high quality for low price business down to a science. Super soft supima cotton jumpsuits and tees for less than $20 and 100% linen open front cardigans for $40? I work in textiles and am baffled that they can sell all of this great stuff for cheap. Though some of the printed t-shirts are a tad juvenile, their collaborations are some of the best and most tasteful collections to come out of the whole concept. On top of the great value and versatile style, the salespeople were so gracious and helpful. It also helped that in NY, there is no sales tax on clothing under $110 so when I say I spent $40 on a cardigan, I really spent $40 and not $44 like I would have done in my San Francisco home base. Altogether, I only blew $250 but also managed to restock my entire wardrobe of great basics. I think it's safe to say that I'm totally a Uniqlo convert.
I've been to Uniqlo many times, but never before have I taken advantage of the on-site hemming, and I suddenly feel like I've been missing out. On a Friday afternoon, they quoted me an hour to hem my new jeans, but when I stopped by after 45 minutes, they were ready to go. Quick and cheap, what could be better?
The price points for their clothes are not bad. You really get what you pay far. Coming from the west coast and shopping here makes me wonder why there isn't one on the west coast.
I HATE this store! There's a reason that I have a love hate relationship with this store. I LOVE their clothing but I always end up spending over $300. It's not b/c the clothing is expensive but they just have so many good items. The one time after I was done shopping in the store I waited by the door b/c I was waiting for my girls and the one trend that I notice was that the majority of the ppl leaving the store left with a bag. That alone says a lot about their clothing. If you've never shopped at the store be prepared to spend the prices range from dirt cheap, reasonable, and somewhat reasonable. It's like all the GAP.inc stores in one, but has a more H&M clothing feel to it. I think the most expensive item that I found in that store was $40 can't go wrong with that. The store in general is massive one floor dedicated to women and another floor for men. Finally a store that has a men section just as big if not bigger than the womens section. Very bright and very clean b/c each section had to have at least 20 plus staff members working. The one thing that I really love is their graphic tees and so cheap too only for $10 and the quality is really good. I love how every year they have a certain theme for their graphic tees, for example: the one year that I was there they had a pac-man theme, the year after that was a smiley face theme, and this year was Japanese anime focusing on Dragonball Z and Naruto. Only downfall of this store is if you're looking to try items on good luck b/c the line up is hella long. That alone could take up a good thirty minutes and that's just getting into the fitting room. Item's to definitely get: -anything and everything!
I don't love everything in this store, but I am impressed that they churn out really cheap stuff that isn't low quality. I made off with a $20 black dolman sleeve dress and a double layer tank for $9.  Ridiculous. The store is too big in my opinion (which is a deterrent), and a tad overpeopled, but whatever.  I liked what I found.
After checking out Uniqlo in Japan, I wanted to see what it was like in the U.S. Well, I don't know if it's just NY or what, but I was surprised to see how massive the tri-leveled store is! It's huge and filled with so much clothes, in almost every color of the rainbow. This is totally different that what I experienced in Tokyo where the stores weren't as grand and definitely did not have as many color options for certain clothing items. Price was average...I didn't see anything outrageously priced. Just don't get why everyone is shopping when we're in a recession?
I love this store! 3 stories of business casual attire, and at a very reasonable price. Loved it!
dont have to much to say this place is good , its like a H&m type store . U'll be able to get all your essentials in any color you want , with a nice fit for a cheap price. Thats about it . nice decor and set up (very bright and kinda upbeat feeling), big selection of clothes especially t shirts, average customer service .
You know what this place is? It's the GAP. But back in the 90s.  Seriously..it has the EXACT same cache as The GAP back in the day. But ahh, youngsters and hipsters alike would not remember that far back and so they think the blank single toned simple modular pieces are "innovative" and "new" But it sure slaps american apparel in the face by doing almost the same thing but without exploiting young kids in faux-sexual positions. whatever.  I'm still a fan.  Because you know what?  I DO like logo-less modular pieces that are ridiculously cheap. So yeah, I'm gonna shop here, but I'm not gonna pretend that it's trendy.  Because it's like I'm shopping at the GAP.  yeah.. you know it.
its asian Old Navy. i do really like their undies tho.  they sew down the gusset which is strangely a rare find.
I had high hopes but this store was just ok. Filled with a lot of great basic styles and colors, particularly big on tees, khakis, and sweaters. Nothing really that special, so ultimately not worth the trip for me.
Disclaimer: I'm tiny.  Smaller than most Japanese girls even. It's strange to me that I am now giving Uniqlo 4 stars.  Growing up in Japan, Uniqlo was never considered fashionable, but basic and practical - something like Old Navy over here maybe?  We used to make fun of a friend who always wore Uniqlo clothes as not fashionable. But maybe that was because the city I grew up in, Kobe, is not that big of a city, and our Uniqlo was both small and not that well-stocked.  The Uniqlo on Broadway is huge and has a welcoming, modern feeling to it.  I like seeing all the colors around me as I walk in.  And, I can find clothes that actually fit me here!  Even the small sizes in the U.S. seem to be a bit big on me, and a lot of times I can't even find smaller sizes for the clothes I like.  But, I've consistently been able to find smaller sizes here.  And I really have a feeling that the clothes they sell here, in NYC, are more fashionable than the ones I see in Uniqlo in Kobe, which I visited the end of last year and found absolutely nothing I wanted. The tights only come in 2 sizes though, and the smaller of the sizes turns out to be a bit big for me. Anyway, the lines go really fast here too, even though they can get really long.  Once, they were sold out of shorts during the summer, which was odd, but that was a cool summer and stores were moving on to their fall collection.   But I will still never admit to my Japanese friends that I wear Uniqlo clothes now... ;)
I am a boring dresser.  I can't pick good patterns to save my life so I rely on lots of bold colors to give my clothes personality.  I was in need of a few replacement cardigans and was brought here by my sister.   When I entered, I saw lots of displays with rainbows of sweaters!  I knew I was going to like this store.  I was able to find the style I wanted and pick out as many colors as I wanted... at affordable prices.  I ended up grabbing a few cardigans for $15 a pop.  I wish I could've gotten more but I already knew my suitcase was going to explode.
Seriously, I'm not a label whore. I'd rather buy my clothes at a vintage shop or thrift store, but I was freezing my ass off in New York and needed a coat fast! My jacket was no match for the big city chill, so I popped in here to see if they have any sale. I didn't want a big coat 'cause I don't like to carry it around, so I searched for a pea coat instead. Unfortunately couldn't find one! Everything is extra small. What the heck? Is everything here made for japanese bodies and twinks? It was a good thing I found a medium size half coat in the sale section. Bingo! I scored. Got one on sale for $50 bucks! I'm now happy as a clam and warm as a lamb. Hmmm.....
to sum up uniqlo: affordable simple clothing, fashion forward However, for me personally, I found some of the fits to be a little awkward. If you're slim this is the store for you, as 80% of the jeans selection were skinny jeans and the t-shirts hug your every curve. The collarless jacket was fitted through the shoulders, but loose everywhere else. I love solid colors and simple clothes, however the cuts of the clothing just didn't suit me. I gave an extra star just for the customer service. They offer alterations, and have a quick turn around. The staff are friendly and answered my questions regarding an exchange with a smile.
Dear Uniqlo, Please oh pretty please, come to SF. Love, Carmen Y.
Onward and upward! The girlfriend and I spent our last day in NY (day 10, if you're keeping score at home) with a day o' shopping in Soho. Now that's not exactly my cup of tea, but I was plenty happy with our trip into Uniqlo. Back in the day whenever I was in NY, I would stop by H&M to pick something up for the GF. It was priced well enough, had a clothes selection that I could actually pick from, and was clean enough that I could find what I wanted. Now, H&M's have gotten trendier (I think?), more pricey, and mostly a gigantic mess of a store. Enter Uniqlo. While the prices are pretty comparable to H&M, the store screams clean and shop here. While I may not be a fan of the yellow skinny jeans on a dude, I love how the store looks. And though I walked away with just one dress shirt (at $30, neither cheap nor expensive, but not bad looking), I actually enjoyed the 30 minutes I spent in the store. So sorry H&M, I know where I'm going next time I'm in the city.
Think Old Navy prices and then think of the material they use being on the same level of Armani and Trussardi and you have Uniqlo, good prices mixed with efficient material. Uniqlo all I have to say is like the New Boyz song "You are So Dope!" Uniqlo is a Japanese brand that offers a wide and unique array of clothing. This place is pretty big I think about three floors, they offer the same type of clothes as express and h and m, but what separates them is the quality of the material that they use, it is a cut above and lasts longer than other clothiers. Also the different technology they always seem to incorporate in their clothing designs, is awesome. It won't cost you a pretty penny like your shopping at Astor and Black but you will come out feeling dressed like a rock star. Def a must go
A huge store and great selection. Always enjoyed their line of clothing. They have their japanese food, video game, and anime brand clothes, which I love. This store is very busy, but it's worth it!
I'm from California. The Southern portion, to be exact. The land of the sun, sun, and more sun. And budget deficits. And water shortages. But let's not go there (OK let's, but just to say how ridiculous it is that my parents' neighbors turn on sprinklers at 3am to get around rules about only watering your lawn twice a week). So you have to forgive me for knowing nothing about long underwear and even being confused by the concept. Nevertheless, I trudged into UNIQLO after seeing the ubiquitous Charlize Theron and Orlando Bloom wearing-long-underwear ads and was surprised (pleasantly) by the diverse selection of cheap clothing and (unpleasantly) by the hoards of customers, many of whom seemed to be there only to be a part of the crowd. Either way, got it cheap, it kept me warm and toasty, and I'll go there again if I need any basics.
I am in no means a Uniqlo fanatic but my recent experience with them has definitely made me love it a lot more. - Weekends at Uniqlo are almost unbearable, but I don't have much of a choice since I work during their opening hours M-F. There are checkout counters in the basement and first floor. In my experience, the basement line moves pretty quickly. Same goes with dressing rooms. (Not sure about 2F - it's all guys.) They need express checkout lanes. - Their recent Jil Sander line, +j, launched in early October. I think they also got some special staff to help with +j. There was this really helpful, slightly older Japanese woman who made sure I was finding my +j stuff and offered me a shopping bag. Uniqlo gets major points from me for this. On the other hand the dressing rooms are chaotic - don't expect much service there.
Good supply of inexpensive products, but way too hectic for my taste. Just my opinion but when popping in to buy a proper mid layer on a whim the selections good, staff may be distracted, but you can't beat the price for value. Overall good experience. But, i'd recommend shopping online.
Always a pitstop whenever I'm in Soho for great basics for my entire family.Love their shirts for my husband with its fitted shape and fabric. Every year, I treat myself to a down jacket. Very lightweight, inexpensive and an array of colors.
I lub it.  Although, every time I go here, everything seems reasonable, then I start spending, spending upwards of, well, I won't say it here. Muah. There's such a great selection of different T-shirts all for 15.50.  I also like how, not only do they have T-shirts, they have businesswear, sportswear, casual, a small lingerie section, etc.  This store is very big and clean.  The fitting room on the first floor can get pretty busy though, so go to the lower level and it's much faster (just a tip for you). Sometimes, I buy too much, then I forget I bought it, and it just sits there.  I get overwhelmed when I go here...I don't know what it is.  I'm sure it is overhyped. A good day for me with this store, is when I'm not in it, bc then, I would save money!  Basically, it makes me justify a lot of my purchases bc, I'll be like, 'eh, it's not that much.' I love the "LEAVE ME ALONE" shirt I got here, it's classic, but it doesn't always do the job, people still bug me.
There have been a few occasions in which I've been called upon to describe Uniqlo to non-NYers. Those statements go like this: "It's like The Gap, except higher quality, and often cheaper." "It's like American Apparel, but way cheaper." Not a month goes by in which I don't find myself dropping into this crowded store and picking up a few minimal, moderately-priced, nicely made basics. Note: The designer collaborations can be a bit hit-or-miss, like the strange jersey dresses in the Costello Tagliapietra line (although I found one darling non-jersey shirt dress).
The Gap of Japan finally hits the US.  I've been to UNI QLO in Ginza/Tokyo so I was very excited to visit their first location in the U.S.  I was disappointed as the sizing seems off - they were running a sale on $40 cashmere sweaters in every color and style.  Great price but the sweaters were all way too long, especially the sleeves.  Unless you're proportioned like an orangutan, it's not going to work.  It's a wonderful space to shop in but I don't think I can shop here until the clothes become more fitted.
This store is the perfect amount of hip without being pretentious.  Very impressive array of colors for shirts, sweaters and pants.  They have interesting graphic t-shirts that you won't see everyone else wearing.  All of the clothing is functional and durable.  The prices are very reasonable not to mention FREE same day  alterations.  Anytime I have a little time to kill, I like to stroll through the store and see what's new and rarely leave empty handed.
Warning: If you are even remotely hungover or sick, this is not the place for you. This store is overwhelming. Like a too big H&M in bright, bright colors. Everything is the right price (also like H&M, but even more like Old Navy prices). Everything is bright (had I mentioned?) I got distracted by shiny things and wandered up into HeatTech central, which almost sold me, but see earlier note about being sick. I couldn't muster the energy. What I could get behind, besides the tights, were the darling $8 umbrellas. My hot pick sidekick is going to make quite the impression on a gloomy day. She is big and solid and hopefully will stand up to the city rain. For basic staples, I would totally steer you in this direction.
You've read all the comparisons to H&M, American Apparel, Gap, etc., but these only understate how awesome this store is. First and foremost, $5 crews, V necks, and tanks in every color imaginable. They also have a huge collection of polos for $20. No need for a silly looking logo, simple colors or patterns. Jeans ranging from $20-30 with free hemming. Well fitting jeans can be hard to find and this absolutely helps solving that issue. In addition to the "basics," they also have a giant wall of graphic tees. Stylish and a lot with Japanese/anime influences that are constantly rotating. The top level back has a on sale section for some really great finds. Uniqlo is giant store in SoHo that actually is larger than most recognized name stores. It's cheap, it has variety, you should shop here.
I love this store! I love its distinct logo and the racks and racks of cheap and stylish merchandise and the good lighting inside. This is disposable fashion in the H&M model, but Uniqlo sticks to the basics a lot better. Plus, their graphic t's are awesome at reasonable prices. Small sizes are a major bonus, it's hard as a small person to get clothes that fit!
Huge store, great selection, great prices.
I only give three stars because I have yet to actually purchase anything here, and thus can't comment on things like fit and cut and ultimate applicability to my real-life style. But so far, I like what I see. I especially like the blend of casual basics in zillions of colors (from tank tops to cashmere sweaters), slightly nicer officewear at still-competitive prices, and fun accent pieces like offbeat tees and trendy of-the-moment items.  This is basically the hip "downtown" version of Old Navy. I also like the rumor I've heard that their jeans are good for short girls with little or no booty.  And last time I was there I noticed not everything was of the 'skinny' genre.  I need to go back and try on jeans. One thing I didn't like last time I was there: the Keith Haring t-shirts that basically just say "Keith Haring NYC" on them.  Lame.  I mean, it might be cool for tourists, like to take back to Ohio or something.  But it's not really going to pass muster here in New York where you are likely to be at an art opening and run into someone who actually knew Haring back in the day (or will claim they did).  The Basquiat shirts were much better -- ranging from ringers and baseball tees that look like they came from a museum retrospective, to very subtle tunic tops that just look cool in and of themselves without screaming THIS IS A JEAN-MICHEL BASQUIAT T-SHIRT!  I KNOW ALL ABOUT ART AND STUFF!
What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? Amazing pants for cheaps, lots of cute basics that are totally affordable, etc etc. I went this past week and I got a pair of purple skinny jeans for $10. They hem your pants for FREE (which is awesome considering all of their pants have a 33" inseam, which I don't really understand why but I digress) The people that work here though are not so great. Its impossible to find anybody who can help you and when you're in the fitting room waiting for a room the employees just sit in the back and cuss up a storm. Its pretty unprofessional and rude.
Wow, we really spent a good chunk of our Soho time inside this store. The selection was huge. I spent alot of time downstairs in their extensive clearance section as well as on the 3rd floor tees section. Whaa $8 for workout wear? $3 camisoles? The dresses were reasonably priced too! (about $30 or so). I didn't realize they were a Japanese store until I walked in and saw CUTE kimonos for sale on the rack and after check out, handed us a bag with printed anime on it (we still have the bag, btw). Anyway, love love love this store and would go back again in a heartbeat.
This is my all time favorite store because it's inexpensive and good quality clothes.  It's kind of like Japan's version of Gap or Gap on stereoids (hence the bright colors).  They usually have good sales all downstairs for women or upstairs for men.  I never shop on the main floor because why pay full retail price? They also offer free hemming on their jeans so think about it, you buy $9.90 jeans and you get free hemming? Nothing beats that deal.  Also, I love their heat tech tops, they're great for snowboarding.
Basics + Bathrooms - two things hard to come by with no fuss in SoHo. Uniqlo delivers for trendy cheap wears that you just can't find anywhere else in the city. The quality of their clothing is not a wear once and throw away like it's competitors (i.e. Forever 21, H&M). They do hemming in-store for free, the staff is great, and although it gets crowded it never feels claustrophobic. Even if you think this isn't your style, check it out anyway, they really do have something for everyone!
cheap & cute clothes?? WHERE HAVE U BEEN ALL MY LIFE?!
I love UNIQLO!  They have cheap affordable HEATTECH garments that cost $16.  UNIQLO is the Japanese version of Gap, American Eagle, and Urban Outfitters but for a cheaper price.  I definitely dig this store.  Every time I come here to shop, it is packed and I end up spending $35 for 3-4 articles of clothing.
All there jeans are 34" length now. So you HAVE to get them hemmed, (unless of course that's your size). And if you get them hemmed you have to come back 1-2 hrs later and wait in line again. Too much time to grab a pair of jeans.
I'm not a fan of cheap cashmere, so I really only like this place for their very cheap ($29.50) work-appropriate button-downs and insanely warm $4 women's tights.  These are two items that are meant to be boring - which is why I don't mind buying them at Uniqlo.  Everything in this store is boring. PS I'm a thin girl and I tried on the Uniqlo women's skinny jeans.  Let's just say my heel got stuck in the bottom of the pant so bad I thought I'd need the jaws of life to wriggle out of those dreaded jeans.  So not quite sure why everyone else raves about their jeans?  Maybe I have fat heels...
I wish I could give UNIQLO stars that go on forever. This is the only one in the US and that's seriously a shame - it would be a hit on the west coast or anywhere with an H&M or Forever 21. UNIQLO is my favorite basic wear shop and when I'm in NYC, I make it a point to stop here and stock up. The quality is excellent and way better than H&M, Forever 21, Gap, Abercrombie (well, anything's better than Abercrombie), Old Navy, Target, and the like. Nearly all the clothes are made with natural fibers - cotton, wool, silk - which is how clothes are supposed to be made. With an affordable price point (tees for $10-$15!) and tremendous quality, I seriously cannot understand why people would shop elsewhere for basics. There's no need to drop money on Splendid, Ella Moss, or James Perse (although i love JP, not going to lie) when there's UNIQLO especially now that Jil Sander has released her J+ line. If only there was an online UNIQLO shopping site. As a note, this branch has a much more stylish selection than the ones you find in Tokyo. Over there, UNIQLO is not marketed as a comfortable upscale basics store but more like a bargain basics shop. Verdict: New Yorkers, recognize the gift that you've been given. Don't be a cheap ass and shop at Walmart or Old Navy for basics when you can have triple the quality for a couple dollars more.
This is the most awesome clothing store in Japan.  Although they don't transfer well here in the East Coast just yet (they have such limited selection here), they're still very good.
Their clothes fit me perfect as though they're tailored! Plus, the quality of the clothing is terrific for the price. I would definitely go back and buy more.
The first time I met Uniqlo was on a Christmas time trip to NYC when I didn't live here. I bought some black skinny jeans (which look much better on ACTUALLY skinny people) and a fleece for the boyf, a shirt for myself. I fell in love with the arrangement of the walls upon entrance of the store. And so the obsession began. When I went to Hong Kong later, I visited because all of the other shops I went to carried sizes less than 0, 0, 2 and 4. I was literally told " we no have your size here".. I wear a 8 or 10, I'm not gargantuan.. but whatev. I digress. Now, I bring any tourists/visitors here to spread the love. It's one of the better things that has happened to my shopping life. I agree with courtney n, the checkout line raises my blood pressure. Other than this, my love goes on.
I used to be a huge fan of Uniqlo when it first opened I was thrilled. Since then, I have been really upset by the lack of appealing mens styles. Combined with being overly crowded most hours, due to tourism and prices, it's only worth going if you have time or know what you want in advance. They do have a good selection of jeans, but they're inconveniently located against a huge wall near the elevator, in sloppy stacked, not by size order, making it hard to find what you want without making a mess for everyone. (If you can navigate through crowd) Quality of apparel is nice for the price, but it's NYC, so you have many other options.
I love this store! It's the Japanese gap!! Not expensive and the quality of clothing is superb.. I wish I stayed in New York longer to enjoy the store and other stores on Broadway. I must say, they really have chic display and decoration.. even the mannequins looks cool!
I visited this store at least 3x during my weeklong vacation in NYC.  Coming from Hawaii, the freezing cold weather was tough to bear, but UNIQLO's heattech leggings saved me... Cute and affordable. They have a great selection of coats and sweaters too. This store will definitely be on my To-Do list when I go back to the big apple.
I love this store: I like the very spacious 3 floors and their high ceilings; I like the brightly colored items on display; and, most of all, I like the quality/price ratio VERY much. Only major drawback: this place is always very crowded. This is where I often come to stock up with essentials like tee shirts ($4.90 each), undershirts ($10.50 for a pack of 3), or socks. Here I also got a very nice mid-season green jacket that has become sort of my signature jacket (I almost go to bed with it on...). I also got here a series of awesome graphic tee shirts with manga images of the cartoons I used to watch on tv when I was a little kid in Italy. This is also a great place for a guy to find something cute for his girlfriend. They used to have a kids section that bailed me out more than once when I had to get a cool gift for friends' kids. Unfortunately that section does not exist any more. A word of advice: if you find something that you like it, get it. their collections change all the times, so chances are that you won't find that item next time you stop by.
A better, stronger and cooler (and Japanese) version of H&M, with a little bit of an American Apparel vibe thrown in.   Reasonable prices...check!   Three floors of fun...check!   Madhouse on a Saturday...check! The one item that my boyfriend wanted out of stock...check! Oh well, at least I got gloves for myself and shirts for my cousins.  Note to self: do not enter on a Saturday ever again!  And try the jeans next time!
The Japanese do that thing they do and when they do it, they do it well.  At UNIQLO you will find great basic cashmere pieces for a price that won't leave you eating mac and cheese for the rest of the week.  Their jeans are pretty fantastic in an array of styles from skinny fit to wide leg in dark and light washes.  Not to mention the enormous space with everything in it perfectly in place in a multitude of colors, it will make you feel like you are shopping at some high end retailer.  There really is nothing cheap about UNIQLO except for the price tag.
Good deals when you find them on sale. Almost all items will eventually be on sale. However, the catch is you have to catch them on sale and if there are any left in your size. Because this is a Japanese store, some items if not most, are in Japanese size: which means a size smaller than your European counterparts. Cashmere here when not on sale, is overpriced. Yes, the quality has gone down for cashmeres as I compared my older one to my newer one that I bought recently on sale. Here, you'll find a lot of basic items which I like. Their premium cotton shirts at $11 or $6 depending if you catch them on sale, are great in quality. However, they don't have much specialty to their items other than then the collaborations that they have sometimes with other companies like Disney. On the ground floor, you usually see what they try to sell at you first. D'oh No brainer! Uniqlo aims for an urban hip style that you see on the first floor and what you might find on the streets of Japan. On the bottom floor, you catch clothes for women. Many of them, ordinary, nothing special. Go all the way back and you hit the sales rack. On the top floor, you'll find men items. I have been there once or twice in the past so I don't know much about it. However, I don't think it's any different than what the women have. They also will price match items within 14 days of receipt. So if you catch an item that was full price a few days ago and catch it on sale, you can ask them to price match it for you. Returns aren't a hassle but like many establishments, clerks give you that look.
Cool store, cool prices...I always seem to find something each visit. It started with a Japanese print tee as a souvenir for a friend's kid, but now we've started really looking around and my husband got a really nice button down shirt for $20. And I got a really cute jean skirt and long sleeve tee's for pittance. Lot's of color choices and the prices really reasonable unlike "Superdry"....yikes!?! They only have one store in the US, so I always make sure to stop in while in the City to see what's new. Sent my daughter here recently while she was visiting, and she found tons of pants and shirts for her and her boyfriend....she loved it! UNIQLO Rocks~
I love this store.  I didnt even know what it was when I was in Japan.  Then i found out there was a location in the city and I started to shop here.  The clothes seem to fit very well on me.  Is it because Im asian? who knows.  But i took some of my other asian buddies and they concur that this place is awesome.  I will be taking my brother here when he comes to town as well.  The prices are VERY reasonable, and the store itself is pretty massive.  Oh and if you buy pants they will alter the length for you for free, just pick it up in a couple of business days, how awesome is that.  Writing this review is already making me want to go back.   One semi-negative is that the majority of the clothing here, ive noticed are made in china.  This is not the case in the japan location.  I know there are those who care, just putting it out there.
I'm not a very big guy, (28 inch waist) so it's not easy for me to find clothes that fit well.  I guess with this company coming out of Japan, I might just well be normal sized in that country.  Anyway, they've got a great selection of artsy T-shirts.  Got a couple of them and love 'em.  The shirts are made out of some "special" cotton fabric that stretches well and are very soft.  I also picked up my favorite camouflage cargo shorts there, which I wear almost every weekend, even when its 50 degrees out.  Screw Barney's, next time I'm in NY, I'm going back to Uniqlo.
What a cool store, its got a bunch of cool anime clothes in addition to real clothes that you would see at H&M of a department store like Nordstroms. The prices are pretty decent but there's also no tax here which makes a sweet deal even sweeter. But seriously, if there were more stores like this I wouldnt have to go to retarded stores like Hot Topic to get funny anime themed clothes
I adore this store, if not just for the Jil Sander crossover collection. Who'd have thought you could pick up high quality basics, like classic Oxford dress shirts, thick cotton tights, perfect beige trenchcoats and black button-down skirts for so little? Being the only location in North America(since the one in NJ closed shop), it's a must stop for those without an endless flow of cash, guys and girls alike. At each visit to New York, I've snagged myself a few oxford button-downs, and I've yet to find another that matches Uniqlos quality. They trump Club Monaco, Zara and Banana Republic by miles. Kudos to the service, too. They're generally friendly, or at least polite.
I sort of don't want to review this store because it's busy enough. But, I tend to say "at Uniqlo" at least once a week when someone asks me where I bought something I'm wearing.  All my skinny jeans come from here. Why? Because they're reasonably priced (usually $20-40) and they have free hemming. That's right, I said free. And it's done 24 hours after you are done shopping. Last time I was there, they had jeans for $9.90. What a great deal!  They don't always fit everyone, since they are a slimmer fit, but for some reason they fit me well.  As most others have said, they have some great basics. I took off a star, because in the last year or so, they prices have gotten a little out of control.  They used to have great stockings for $4.90 that lasted forever, but now, everything is $9 and up. All the sweaters have gone from around $30 up to $60-80. Also, there is always a crowd and they are always out of something you want.  It's still one of my favorite stores, but don't go if you hate overcrowded stores.
(this is based on the men's department) Decent clothing at low prices, but terrible size selection. I could not find any mediums, and hardly anything that was not a XS or L. Store also has a very odd and confusing layout-- the women's and men's sections are intermixed and everything seems to just be randomly placed around the store. The 5th ave Uniqlo location is /much/ better.
Best deals for women, but no sizes for men.  She got a Minnie Mouse tshirt, LS shirt, and leg warmers.  He saw a flannel with unsuspecting colors which is probably why the flannel wasn't available in the size he needed.  The sales associate checked and came back with other options. How nice!
While I usually find most of the clothing here pretty basic and boring, it is a good spot to find certain basics and sometimes they can have some interesting pieces. I bought few things here that were a bit different from the norm...their socks and underwear are definitely a great deal.
I don't know how you can really hate this store other than the fact that it is really crowded. The clothes are well made and very affordable. The variety is good and the selection runs from business to casual to some athletic wear and it's a great place for the basics. Obviously you will either like the Japanese made clothes or you won't but if you are in SoHo it is certainly a great stop if you are looking to bulk up your wardrobe for less.
I loved everything in here and I especially LOVE walking in and being greeted by two walls of cashmere! The rotating mannequins provide so many good layering ideas. It also seemed like they had a really good selection for men as well. This place is great for a young professional. There are a lot of more conservative work clothing options, but they also have tons of great graphic tees and jeans with great washes for your nights out. Everybody can find something they love here. My favorite thing about Uniqlo is that they provide free same-day jean alterations. How perfect is that? Custom fit jeans in perfect washes? I'm sold.
I love this place.  Everytime I'm on broadway I just have to stop here and get myself something new.  I just can't say enough about the quality of their material.  Uniqlo is always packed too!  They have an excellent selection of EVERYTHING.  No really. Most of their stuff is casual though, catering towards young adults;  but I see people of all ages shop here.  It's that awesome! The best thing about this place is that they always have some kind of special promotion and prices are wicked cheap for the quality and that's really what makes me come back to this place again and again.  Be careful about choosing sizes though.  It's japanese clothing so if you usually wear a large, you're going to need an XL.. or S you need M, etc etc.  Trust me on this.
Great alteration work!!! I never realized they could do alterations until an associate who was assisting me told me that if something didn't fit properly, they can make alterations! The result, perfect fit!!! I only visited this store twice....both times were on weekends and it was a complete zoo in there! They definitely need crowd control with the amount of people in there. But there is always an associate willing to assist. Everything is always folded back up quickly and someone is always around the corner willing to assist you finding your size. I love how their clothes fit. Great fashionable clothes at a reasonable price with free alterations. What else can you ask for?
UNIQLO = H&M with an Asian twist. Lots of cool screen print T-shirts from time to time. Not as horribly bland as American Apparel. Very easy on the wallet, which is refereshing in an age where people try and sell a simple screenprinted T-shirt for $60 to $120 or more. Sometimes it was tough getting a dressing room spot, but other than that, no complaints. Some of my favorite T-shirts have come from here. Wish they had them in California.
Fun store.  Lots of color.  Good for basics.  Free alterations for my short little legs!!!
My first non-restaurant/bar review, because Uniqlo is the Best. Store.Ever.  It's like going to Tokyo without leaving the USA.  It's like IKEA full of super cool clothes. It's like H&M before H&M turned into Hot Topic.  so cool.  so inexpensive.  so hip.  so flattering.  Im in my 40's.  Are you a teen? You will love it!  20s?  Also will love it!  My only regret is that I didn't buy waaaay more stuff cuz if you're not in the NYC, you are SOL... no other stores, no online shopping.  So sad!  If you go to NYC let me know so I can give you some $$$ to buy stuff for me.
My cousin told me about a place in SoHo that has cute clothes for cheap. And a trip to NYC is expensive enough, so wherever I can save I will, especially when it comes to shopping! Anyway I'm simple when it comes to wardrobe - jeans, a fitted shirt with a cute sweater if its chilly, and flats and I'm good to go. And UNIQLO is great place for my style. Reminds me of GAP with the classic, simple styles mixed with H&M touch of fashion and color. And the store is huge! I believe the women clothing is all on the main floor with mens on the bottom floor. I was looking to buy a new pair of jeans (a girl can never have too many jeans) and was happy to see they were only 30 bucks or so! I could have bought so much more, but I was dreading walking around for the rest of the day with 4 large shopping bags. So I walked out with a pair of jeans and two shirts for under 50 bucks. If they opened one up in the Bay, they would definitely give H&M a run for their money.
Uniqlo is a pretty great place. You can find tons of basics for ridiculously cheap prices. I'm not a huge fan of the women's stuff but my bf goes bananas in the men's section. Everytime we go in, he comes out with a bag full of boxers, undershirts, button-down shirts, and sweaters. EVERY SINGLE TIME! My favorite thing about Uniqlo is their collaboration with Jil Sander. The +J line is absolutely gorgeous in fit, fabric, and cut. It's like it was made specifically for me! The price point is amazing for the kind of quality you get. I mean with Jil Sander you can't go wrong. And with Jil Sander at under $200, you are in retail heaven! My most hated thing about Uniqlo is that it is ALWAYS a mad house. Any time of day regardless of the time of year or the weather or anything, it is always crowded. Most of the time you can barely walk through the aisles without knocking things over. I guess that's what happens with a store that carries cashmere sweaters at under $100. My tip is to avoid the shop altogether on weekends as well as on opening day of collaborations. Go in February right when it opens on a Tuesday and the register lines should be okay.
There is quite a large selection of mens and womens clothing. The store looks very clean. It's what I imagine a clothing store in Japan to be like. Lots of glass, lots of colors, lots of different rooms. The prices are similar to H&M. The same day alterations on denim is a plus, but try and get it done around a major holiday.
I freaking LOVE this store!!
Shopping Great place to shop.  I call it a Japanese Gap, with Old Navy prices and great quality.  I bought alot of pants, shirts, and summer clothes. My sister found out about the place in Lucky magazine, and one day decided to go check it out.  Spent alot of money that first day on clothes because it was just really cheap and great quality.  I think I've pretty much given up on shopping at other similar stores and just coming here to purchase my clothing.  Alot of different types of clothing in multitudes of colors.  Originally their website just featured alot of polos and chinos and jeans, but there is alot more.  Dress shirts, tank tops, underwear... all for male and female.  You have to go check it out yourself to see what they have.  It seems like they have something new with every visit. Weekly and monthly sales await you when you come here, polos for 12.99, t-shirts for 9.99, their always on sale pants/jeans priced over 39.99 are always 2 for 50. I have spent ALOT of money on clothes here, and since then, every subsequent visit to this place, I have never left emptyhanded.  This place is just evil, I just manage to find clothes to buy here everytime I step foot into this place. *UPDATED* Time to go head into the new location on Broadway... it's HUGE!!!  It is at least 5 times as large as the original store with a 2nd floor and a basement level.  I went to the new flagship store today 11/11/06 and it was overwhelming.  The men's section of clothes had expanded so much that I didn't know where to start.  The women's section had ALOT of clothes too.  Since it's new and everyone has caught wind of the place, it's better to go early when it opens as there will be less people. The Uni-Qlo craze has invaded the United States!
If I lived in NYC this place would get nearly all of my clothing money budget! I have never heard of this place before this weekend but was enticed into stopping in by the huge white and glass walls and fun colors everywhere.  After walking in I could see exactly why people would call this place a tourist trap (though it wasn't too crowded for a Saturday) and get stuck looking around for hours.  While they had quite a bit of overly colorful flannel options to choose from they had quite a bit of the basics that can go with any outfit.  I picked up a few solid colored wool sweaters for $20 a piece.  The staff at the checkout line was super friendly and seemed to make it a point of noting your item count and the cost so you know how much of a deal you are getting.  I'm really hoping these sweaters hold up for the long haul! It's just like a few people here say - a Japanese H&M, but it's trendy in the sense that people would actually wear it without looking a little too ridiculous or hipster-y or they just threw on a garment in every color they could find.  I also found the prices to be a little bit cheaper, too.  Had I brought a larger suitcase I may have gone clothing happy and bought quite a bit more.  I didn't notice anywhere to order clothing online and have it shipped to you, so I guess I'll just have to make another trip back to NYC with a bigger suitcase!
Girlfriend got some good stuff...a really really cute dress that makes her look like a London schoolgirl or something....you know, the ones that are over 18. That was a half a joke, but in all seriousness, they do have some good stuff here. There was a lot of cashmere, not really needing that myself right now, so I skipped out. The selection is huge, and if you want some good going out clothes that aren't as Sam P. says "ghettoed out shit(show)" like H&M, then hit up the store. And what really happened to H&M? Did everyone in Sweden decide that they want to dress like bad Long Island trash all of a sudden? Who the hell is designing that crap anyway now?
Will never, never shop in any establishment that does not accept returns and this store is one of them..Too bad too because I had a lot of items that I was willing to purchase for myself as well as gifts
I was in disbelief when my GF told me Uniqlo was the Japanese version of Old Navy.  As one of our primary shopping targets on our last visit to NY, we were not disappointed. The place is a huge contemporary warehouse.  They had a wide array of t-shirts for men.  I am an avid T-shirt shopper so it was pure heaven for me. From graphic to plain, v-neck to crew neck they had it all.  I even spotted the 3-buttoned T's I have been longing for at a great price of $5.  Quality of the shirts were excellent and the prices were very affordable.  As for the women section, all their clothes looked cutesy. We don't have Uniqlo in LA.  H&M has raided Cali the past year but it's definitely not up to par with Uniqlo.  Way better quality and design for both men and women.
Love this store! One of my favorite clothing stores in Japan - it's like Gap meets MUJI meets a little ZARA. Affordable quality clothing! The Soho store is large and has all the basics and then some covered! The prices are reasonable and the styles are so versatile I want one of everything - this can get dangerous. I really like their large collection of plain cotton tees and leggings/stockings for the cooler weather. I can't wait until they open more stores nation wide!
The clothing has great quality and the store itself has a huge selection (at least at the SoHo location). The clothes are decent for the price and it isn't thin and flimsy like H&M or Forever 21. The Japan location has more of a selection of clothing but the NY one does good enough! The clothes is trendy but it has an awfully odd smell.
My UNIQLO skinny jeans love me like no other, and I love them back. We are now married. But the t-shirts...unrequited love.
This is my favorite place to buy moderately priced clothes in New York.   1.  Even those it's a chain, it's a cool chain, and it's not like they're springing up all over the place like H&M or Urban Outfitters, and let's hope that they don't. 2.  Free alterations.  FREE ALTERATIONS.  [[**FREE ALTERATIONS**]] 3.  1 shirt + 1 cardigan + 1 sweater dress = $98.  That's practically like giving it to me for free. I love you UNIQLO.
When I heard about this store I wasn't sure if I wanted to check it out or not, but we were visiting the city for a while so we figured "Ehh, sure why not!" and I'm SO GLAD i did!  I spent $100 and came out with 3 really good items (not to mention a $40 wool coat). Everything is super affordable (sweater = $25, wool coat = $40, cargo pants = $40). I spent two hours here and my poor husband waited for me the ENTIRE time.  So glad they had seats up front, haha. My husband is 5'10 and has broad shoulders, the fit here DEFINITELY isn't made for him... so if you're a guy and similar in size, you'll probably want to pass this store up.  I wish there were a store closer to the west coast!
i'm really confused by this store. why is there a robot dancing and talking to me? why is a creepy guy trying to fit me in jeans? why is the wool so damn itchy. these questions and more have yet to be answered. +1 for display and sheer large stature of the store. does it count if none of the clothes are good enough to buy?
Cashmere cardigan in every colors!!
what the  heck am i missing??! people are impressed with this place..?... Damnn magazines can really hype a situation because i don't see what the excitement is about. 1.  VERY ORGANIZED, bright , huge and easy to find what you are looking for ( esp in comparison to reg H&M) + 1 star 2.  VERY CHEAP prices +1 star 3.  QUALITY is surprisingly  so much better compared to H&M I'm sorry but they lose stars for the boring clothes.  I can never find anything good enough here.  And I'm pretty boring.  But I'm sorry for females, there's nothing special here. For men , I give them that last star.  Classic staples, that should be in a males closet.  The perfect fittings, and style.( i hate men with pants and jeans that are too big).  They have the perfect washes, and fits.  and I'm very particular about  the way my men dress.
This place is so great. I come here for the Jil Sander collaboration stuff. It usually sells out quick so for the fashion heads, get on top of it and remember the dates things come into the store. When I was in SoHo, I got this sick jacket and the lady who helped me was so nice. It's a clean store and we don't have any in LA so you gots to go! I remember seeing one in Beijing but didn't get a chance to go inside. I wish UNIQLO would come out here to LA
Awesome store! Very modern. The clothes are high quality from japan, and relatively cheap. I would say it is the japanese H&M, but a very little bit more expensive. I love the graphic tees here, theres alot of variety, lots of sizes. The site is awesome, def should check it out.
This store is huge, stocked to the gills with American Apparel fashions. Everything's made in China, so I won't expect it to hold up like A.A. does. However, I've finally found a fashionable and affordable store where the men's clothes fit me well. I bought a few size S sweaters, but they also stock XS in Men's, making the unisex love even more abundant.
It's the place to go for cashmere sweaters in different colors (they know how to make them!). In fact all sweater-type things here are great. They kinda make me wish that the fog rolled in New York like it does in San Francisco, just so I could wear those things more often. As it goes for guys' clothes, though, never mind. Yeah, there's pants and shirts too, but there's just not enough here to keep me interested in those. I do want all those sweaters, though. Mmmm. Cashmere.
You are my home when I'm not home. Forever21 just up the street is a dump compared to you. Tops Shop couldn't even hold my attention span for too long. When I want cozy comfort you Uniqlo make it possible. The scene was a nice shopping day in spirit of my NY trip with my gal friend. We walked into this store and I nearly passed out. I wanted so badly to buy everything! Instead I got my bitching overalls. Ahead of the trend and now a staple in the fashion world to come. I still get compliments to date asking where I purchased them and love the fact that I represent my NY minimal splurge.  I cannot wait to come back.
People call Uniqlo the Gap of Japan, but I think that's only true of both brands' ubiquity in their home countries. Gap is unremarkable except for its presence in every shopping center in America. Uniqlo, by contrast, is more like the Toyota or Honda of cars sold in America: affordable, comes from Japan, reliable, and offers everything from family sedans to pickup trucks to luxury cars. I've been going here since it opened, and there's no apparel store in New York or clothing brand in the world, as far as I know, that maximizes all 4 categories--Value, Fit, Variety, and Style--as well as Uniqlo. My biggest complaint about Uniqlo is that their regular fit pants are too slim fitting and have little crotch and thigh room for men with relatively athletic legs. Their new line of relaxed fit pants hasn't fixed the crotch issue. Which is a shame because you can't get good quality Japanese denim anywhere else for $15 on sale.
Great store, Priced right...Got a Japanese print tee as a gift for a friend for myself I got three tops and a pair of jeans all for $118.00. What a deal. Lots to choose from.
cute store, sells lots and lots of t shirts, which is what i usually buy, everything else clothing wise is way over priced. Well some of it is, the dresses and the "work" clothes are way over priced. the tank tops and camisoles are decently priced. the t shirts are the main reason for going. they also sell kimonos but they are called something else because they are made for the summer and hence a lighter pattern. But they are decently priced. The decor inside is rows of brightly colored t shirts after another. a good place to peak into if you want to buy shirts and stuff. but its filled with yuppies and wannabe trendsters just so you know....
Crisp.  Clean.  Chic.  This is Uniqlo! At Uniqlo, I finally found my classic white dress shirt that 1) actually FIT ME quite nicely in the chest and waist, and didn't leave me looking boxy and 2) was under $30 (in fact it was $24.90)! And plus it has this gimmicky-sounding feature to it: it protects you from UV rays!  Sure, I'll take it. But white shirts aside, this place is legit.  The regular priced stuff is very nice here - the clothes definitely give you your run for the money.  I've purchased two cardigans here and they are holding up quite nicely.  The jeans are pretty decent too, and best of all, they will tailor Uniqlo pants for you ABSOLUTELY FREE! Don't forget to raid the sale section, ladies, in the basement, next to the other corner dressing room: I've seen some great stuff here: track jackets for $19.90, pencil skirts for $3.90, +J blazers for $59.99, jeans for $19.90 - what gives, why are there so many cool sales here?!  And right next to the sale stuff, there is a plethora of leggings and undergarments for the ladies: even seamless underwear (it literally looked like a piece of cloth sewn together), camisoles of all kinds, nightgowns, etc. Uniqlo is also ramping up its collaborations with designers, so you'll see lots of funky pieces around (for women, I saw a lot of dress prints) Every time I come here, be it a Wednesday evening or a Saturday afternoon, this place is packed, so it's a testament that people really do love Uniqlo!
The clothes here are cute, good quality and affordable aka mama like! I have a bunch of shirts and tank tops that I've owned for several years and I would say that they have stood up to the test of time. Be forewarned, I took a friend here and she was underwhelmed. A lot of the clothing is very basic and I mean that there are a lot of solid colors, albeit bright colors but you get the idea. I'm into that sort of thing but you're not going to find rhinestones and beading here.
Why cant there be a branch in California!!!  Nice basics and some fashion bodies that are in wonderful quality fabrics.  The best part, free hemming on pants, something definitely not available at H&M or Zara!
Yelpers got it right when describing UNIQLO as an American Apparel mets GAP! I am totally a fan! I mean, a month after my trip, and I'm still thinking of the clothes I should have bought (e.g. leggings w/ zipper, stirrups, romper shorts). I went twice during my trip. Realized I wanted the jeggings (jean leggings) because the wash was the nicest I've seen compared to other stores, and could use another black pair. Also bought two of my girlies items that they'd appreciate (a silk tunic top that looks fab with a belt in a nice purple for one, and fun blue and pattered leggings for another). The black pair by far is my favorite pair nowadays. Thinner than the American Apparel ones, which is perfect since it's spring. Awesome that they are a fraction of the price, too ($10.50 compared to $27 for the AA ones). Be prepared for a looooonnnnnng wait on the weekends. Seriously waited 30 minutes or more the first visit on Saturday. The line snaked throughout the store, but nice that the staff was good at directing it so it wasn't confusing and quite manageable. Wonder if UNIQLO will ever come to California! H&M and Zaras already have...
I lurve this place. Cheapo prices with huge selection (3 floors baby!) they have a lot of basics (think H&M, F21, American Apparel) and even a men's section (more like a whole floor, hats, tighty whities and all). I find their fit is pretty good with longer sleeves and hem lines on their larges (I'm 5'10") compared to F21 and the quality seems a bit better than H&M. My cousin who introduced me to here says the Japan & London ones are just as nice! The glass elevator in the middle of the room is cool so make sure you explore all the floors. They have a sale section towards the registers, in the front side of the men's section  and sometimes to the far back of the girls. K treated me on a shopping spree and oooo fabulous times. Compared to some of my H&M stuff, nothing's unraveled, worn out or ripped yet and it's been a good 2 months of wear and wash now. Highly recommended for those who like to buy lots of basics or just like inexpensive try-me-out fashions! Now when are they coming to LA? (Please?)
The Japanese have done it again .. high quality with affordable comfort and style. LOVE LOVE LOVE the Heattech stuff .. it generates & keeps heat, odor control, stretchable, quick dry, anti-static, and non-deforming ... MAN I LOVE THIS STUFF! All the basics that you'll need for clothes, ..they have ..in HEATTECH material. I got myself some cute stockings & leggings that I wear underneath a short skirt during the winter time. A must buy!!
This store is cool. At first i was nervous thinking I wouldn't fit any of they're clothes because of my athletic build, but things fitted great! I would've went crazy in that store but I had a schedule so I grabbed some jeans and MSG shirt.
Great Place for people who are a bit on the smaller size. The Suits are great and pretty affordable. The graphic tees are awesome. This is basically the GAP/H&M of Japan. I love this place always will come here when i have the chance!
This store is fun, I like their color scheme, But the dressing room line takes longer than it seems! The quality: good, the price: on par, I'm glad Uniqlo isn't that far!!
Shopping in here is fun, addictingly fun. They have so many unique clothing basics that it is hard to just purchase one item. Their cashmere sweaters and scarves are super warm (yup, picked one of each up) and reasonably priced. Everything comes in a variety of colors that you can easily buy them all and rack up your bill. I found a great deal in the guys' section for black skinny ties for $10 that I regret not getting one for myself when I came back to California (in case you didn't know, UNIQLO only has a US store in NY. You need to go overseas for other locations).
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!! I'm always looking for great jeans that don't cost me an arm and a leg, and I found them at UNIQLO with their jeggings, they are an essential in my wardrobe now. And the best part? They're only $20!!!!! My boyfriend is even a convert now because of the fit of their jeans and they're amazingly soft and comfortable t-shirts. I just wish they'd open more stores!
A poor man's Jil Sander -- Uniqlo offers basics without compromising quality. Basics? Yes, in every sense of the word. For someone looking to build a wardrobe of basics, this is your store. I recently gave away tons of clothes (like 11-12 bags worth of clothes) before I moved to New York. When I started cleaning and packing, I had to edit my life into several suitcases and many, many boxes for storage. I was filled with anxiety and mental anguish. That cashmere blend cardigan I adored during my Banana Republic infatuation phase. The dark pair of boot cut jeans I wore before I started only wearing skinny jeans. The fedora I wore only twice. Look, I went through many sartorial changes and fashion crises. Don't judge. How could I throw away years of my life into a brown paper box? This left me in a conundrum. 1)      Did I really spend that much money on clothes in the past 4 years? 2)      Why did I buy that and never wear it? 3)      This isn't in style anymore. 4)      Was I drunk when I bought this? 5)      How gay was/am I? 6)      This doesn't fit anymore. I was introduced to Uniqlo via the ubiquitous ads on the MTA subway in 2011. They were everywhere. On the actual subway cars. Inside the cars. On the platform. The red and white iconic brand logos with symbols representing the name of the store -- how crafty. Advertising that made you think. And then, the pop up Uniqlo boxes in the middle of SoHo (among other neighborhoods)?  Uniqlo probably spent a bajillion dollars on advertising and marketing. I mean, Susan Sarandon was one of their spokespersons! Nearly everything comes in solid colors -- cardigans, jackets, pants, skirts, etc. I go here for all work basics -- layering is my friend. Unlike other fast fashion retailers, Uniqlo focuses on fabric and color options. For example, because they purchase tons of the same fabric to create one shirt in various colors, they are able to secure it for a cheaper price in bulk. Their selvedge denim is only $59.90 while other retailers such as J Crew and the Gap sells them anywhere from $80-$120. In fact, one shirt can come in over 15-20 colors. The options and looks you can build are endless. Wear that cardigan with a dress shirt, alone or over a down vest. Until late 2011, the only Uniqlo retail store in the US was in SoHo. However, on October 14, 2011, the Midtown location had its grand opening. I went in the drizzling rain, waiting only for 15-20 minutes outside before allowed inside the grand 89,000 square feet space. 89,000 square feet. This store is the single largest physical retail store (not department store) on 5th Avenue. There are 4 floors of an all white backdrop complementing the various bright colors and well dressed mannequins. Some of the specials included 100% cashmere sweaters for $49.90 (originally $99.90). Uhm, that is a steal. 100%? That's not cashmere blend y'all. The 34th Street location opened later in the following weeks as well. Who shops at Uniqlo? 1) Those on a budget. Cheap, cheap! 2) Hipsters. Bright colors galore and flannel shirts! 3) Those who like a tighter/slimmer fit in everything. This store is not for the "normal" American. Their sizes run smaller. 4) Those who enjoy basics. 5) Business men. I've seen some men buy bags of shirts and socks. Maybe they don't do laundry? 6) Me I much prefer the Midtown location to the SoHo and 34th Street location. The only reason why this is getting 4 stars is because the Midtown location gets 5 stars from me. There are more sizes available, a much bigger area to shop and the merchandise is out of the world (nearly everything is located in more than 2 or 3 places -- so if you can't find your size, look around where there are similar items). There is nothing new or inventive about the clothing here. However, the superior customer service, attention to detail and great quality is a rarity in this city for a mass produced brand. Uniqlo gave me a second chance to start anew with my life without melting the plastic off my credit card. I recently went this past weekend and bought four button up shirts and 3 pairs of socks. Grand total? $89. Uniqlo does not have e-commerce website, so buying online is not an option. So if you happen to be visiting New York, stock up. If you live in the city, go during the weekdays after/during work to beat the weekend crowds.
I am in love with this store. Its a huge store with, I believe, 3 stories.  There's so much variety, the prices are decent and the quality is good.  I can't wait to go back to ny to shop here. Con: not in cali
Ok, after just one visit, I really am a fan of Uniqlo.  I'm wondering why I never shopped here until now.   I was a little overwhelmed by the sheer size of the store and the selection of clothing as soon as I walked in, but I was comforted by the fact that despite the crowds, the store was extremely neat and organized.   Just some of the highlights: -Men's and Women's on the main floor, Women's on the cellar floor, and Men's on the second floor. -Fitting rooms are plentiful (you may have to wait in line, but not too long) and the fitting room associates are very helpful. -Plenty of basics in a variety of colors.  I could not believe how many colors their tights and socks came in.   -Surprisingly, the pants (aside from the length, which can be taken care of with their onsite alteration service) fit me well.  I'm petite with a curvy and athletic body (if that even makes sense...but seriously, I have a tough time finding pants that fit and flatter my body type).   -The quality of the clothing is far better than stores with a similar price point (i.e. H&M). -Lots of shirting in a variety of colors, styles, and fabrics. -The sales associates are exceptionally friendly, helpful, and efficient.  I was impressed. -The style of clothing is best described as classic, modern, and minimalistic.  This is not a good place for anyone who favors Ed Hardy shirts, bedazzled everything, or trendy items that will be not-so-trendy in 3 months.  All the more reason for me to love this store.   I walked out of here with a lot of more than I thought I would buy, having spent a lot less money than I thought I would.  That's what I would consider a successful shopping trip. The only thing that bummed me out was that they did not have my size in a lot of their items.  Also, I did not like that lots of the tops they offer were long, loose tunics.  Ick.  Not good for the shorties like me.  I ended up buying more pants than tops for this reason.   I wouldn't buy my entire wardrobe here, but I think I've found my new favorite store for pants and basics.
Great clothes for incredibly low prices.
At first glance, the clothes here look rich and worth it.. But when touching the fabrics and noticing their different styles... they dont put much thought behind their line.   Store - The store itself is huge.  There are three sides, one part for kids, one part for both men and women and the third part of jeans.  I think the store is definitely laid out well. However, there is no creativity to the store and their line.   Clothes - The clothes here look great.  But when you start to feel the fabric of shirts, coats, jeans.. everything feels like it was cheaply made.  Like their puffy coats has no substance to feel warm and their button down shirts were paper thin and cardboard feely   Then they have all of these one type of Cashmere sweaters outlining the store in all colors.  It was great for the first 2 seconds but started to  think "okay... where does the fake cashmere sweaters end?".   Then their clothes were not stylish.  It was very cookie cutter type.  You have either your crew neck sweater or your v-neck.  I tried the v-neck sweater and their skinny jeans and nothing fit right.   Their line definitely reminds me a Old Navy but without style/pizazz to it.
In 2008, I spent 3 consecutive months traveling both internationally and domestically, so it's of no surprise to anyone that after about a month, I started to lose track of things. Unfortunately for me, that also included leaving some of my clothes behind in Siem Reap. Looking for a place to replace said lost items at a decent price point, a Japanese friend of mine took me to Uniqlo in Tokyo. Selection of clothes was pretty decent, with one problem, Japanese sizing is much more fitted than you get in the States so it was pretty hard to find something that fit. Thankfully, Uniqlo here has the great variety in basic items that the Tokyo store does, but sizes their clothing to fit the American market, us and our fatter, not nearly as svelte selves. Just watch out for anything that says "Japanese sizes" on it as it won't fit anything like what you'd expect. The only thing I dislike about Uniqlo is its popularity. The lines for both the dressing and the register always seem to be really long, so plan accordingly to wait. This is a store it's hard to run in and out of quickly.
Great stuff. Definitely buy things from the Airism line.
I'm obsessed.  They are like a more fashionable old navy or a more down to earth h&m. They have great basic pieces that won't cost you an arm and a leg.  They have amazing leggings that are like thermal regulated or something and they are super versatile.  Their special fabrics are like AMAZING.
Have gone there exactly once and wasn't impressed. It's like the Gap, I can't see the difference. If I want cool, unusual tees, I'd rather buy them in a small boutique or some place that I know doesn't mass produce them like they do here. I have friends who rave about the fact they'll tailor your jeans on premises. Me, I'd rather spend $3 and go to Orchard Street Tailors and have it done there. Meh, blah and any other synonym for boring.
Their silky dry material is unreal! I wish I bought more boxers when I was there. I hope a Uniqlo is opened in San Francisco soon! I also got a linen/cotton bend plaid shirt that I love and a vintage style polo shirt (slim fit) that I've worn twice and totally love. Everything I bought from this store is perfect and that almost never happens when I buy several things from a store. I was there on a weekday at opening during my vacation so I didn't have any crowds to deal with. I would go back again!
Instead of buying I heart NY shirts, cheesy hats and cheap trinkets as souvenirs to take home to your friends and family, pick up a t-shirt from Uniqlo! Yeah, so it isn't James Perse quality but heck at $15.50, what do you expect? The designs are unique and odds are you won't see anyone in your hometown sporting the same shirt. Even my anti-shopping boyfriend, picked up three (one for himself and two for his siblings).
Was up in NYC for a weekend with friends.  Didn't even know a Uniqlo store existed here in the states.  Low and behold, right in SOHO!  Loved it!  I was a little apprehensive because after clothes shopping in Japan, a medium in japan is like an XS here in the states! To my suprise, the sizing is much more western!  picked up some nice stuff and can't wait to head back up soon!
Nice place to shop for something new, but not distinct...shirts are really the thing to buy from them...$15.50 for nice looking Japanese designs...not bad. But the rest of it's selection is just like gap / H&M. I love their store though. Really nicely designed architecturally. Overall experience wasn't too bad...I've never been to one and their website is freaking awesome...If they had it here in the Bay, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go unless they are having an awesomely can't resist sale and better season collection.
One of the highlights of any of my trips to NYC is a visit to Uniqlo. It can be a little hit-or-miss for me; sometimes I find a lot of great things and other times I leave empty-handed. But I always enjoy browsing and make a point of visiting the store to at least look for something because once I have it, I know I'll love it. The prices at Uniqlo are great, and Dave H. hit the nail on the head with the H&M reference - Uniqlo is like a Japanese H&M or perhaps a cheaper and Japanese version of Topshop. Uniqlo gets pretty packed and the stairs are scary if you're a germaphobe and not holding onto the rail. (No worries, there's an elevator in the store!) The staff are always pretty friendly if you ask for help but leave you alone when you're shopping. (I hate when employees practically stalk the customers in a store.) Can't wait for the new location to open!
Thank you semi-hot Uniqlo worker with the pretty blue eyes for finding my Iphone immediately after I lost it sitting in the front of the store, being friendly and intelligent enough to ask me to describe it so some 'tard wouldn't steal my phone, and for being easy on the eyes for my gay friend. Other than that, the clothes are ok.  I can see the appeal with the affordability and classic styling but maybe I don't get why people love it when there's H&M or American Apparel which is essentially the same thing.  Fitting room lines can be long so bring everything at once versus going back and forth to the sales floor.
I bought a pair of jeans from here about 6 months ago, for about $40 and they are prolly one of the best fitting jeans I've ever bought, since they alter the jeans for you. I went back today and saw that they raised their jean prices by $10 to $50.  I was a lil shocked, but I guess supply and demand allows them to do that.  But whats more interesting is that they have stacks upon stacks of jeans that kinda make me think they have too much supply. The other thing they have an oversupply of is employees.  I think I saw at least 1 employee for every customer.  Dunno why that is, but i think I was asked if I needed any help about 10 times.  I remember when GAP did that back in the day, and it gets kinda annoying after awhile.   But I guess more help is better than not enough.  They must be making bank if they can help our poor unemployment sitch.
When in SF? Still, can't beat NY's no-tax under $100. Love it! Also, the only place where a small size is not too small and a medium size is not too big. Yes, it makes a huge difference.
I only buy one thing from Uniqlo - pants. Not that I don't like what they sell, I just can't fit their XS tops- its still a tad big for me. PANTS, though, is a different story. I like Uniqlo for one reason - free alterations on any pants - even the ones on sale for $9.99.  I'm very short so this really works out for me.  The associates help you pin your pants when you're in the dressing room.  If you get it altered in the morning, you can usually get it picked up that night, if not - it should be ready the next day. However, I have noticed that the pants on sale are usually terrible quality (which I guess, makes sense).  Their jeans have serious crocking issues, not sure what Uniqlo's quality assurance team is smoking....
What is the hype?? What! Is the hype! It's not even H&M! It's not even Gap! It's just inexpensive clothing for J-housewives and no one in their right mind thinks it is fashionable. That's right, this is NOT 'big in Japan'. It's maybe OK for the inaka who don't have a lot of options, but in the mid-sized cities, people at least go for Muji instead. But hey fear not... a Muji store is supposed to be opening somewhere in NYC sometime in 2007!!!!! Now THAT is a Target clone I will happily schlep to.
I heard about this store from my friends in Japan and was psyched when they opened their first US store in NYC. Whenever I visit NY, even if just for a day, I go out of my way to visit Uniqlo and check out their clothes. Recently, I went during a 'sale' and scored a great deal. But don't be concerned, their daily prices are just right - not overly priced, and priced right for the quality and style. There is an equal amount of men and women's clothing, so everyone has something to try on! Some clothing proceeds go to charity - a great way to give back. They are opening two more stories in NYC in October 2011, and I hope their 4th U.S. store is in Boston!
Awesome clothes, awesome prices and the super soft fabrics feel better than sex. However, I made the incredibly obvious mistake of going at noon on a Sunday. I had to bolt out of there ASAP - literal grab and go. It was packed, hustling and bustling and people bumping into me every 30 seconds was driving me nuts. I like to take my time and shop. I like to inspect, obsess over and reinspect clothes. I cant do that with people pushing past me every 30 seconds. I can already tell this is my new favorite store ........ only like ... 2pm on a Wednesday afternoon.
Great store! They always have a new deal! I got a new down jacket for under $100! Only $60! Love it! Jeans that they will alter for free and get it back to you in 2 hours! Unheard of! YAYAYAYAY! Please come to the west coast! We will love you over here! Tip: Come here early, this place gets packed so fast!
This place rocks (if you don't mind supporting Chinese labor practices).  We wandered past it today on my trip in NYC, and my friend gasped, "You've never been to Uniqlo?!  It's like the H & M of Japan!!"  True, the place was great.  Big, check.  Cute clothes, check.  A cool elevator that makes you want to make space ship hydrolics noises with your mouth when the doors open, check.  True, everything was sold out so they only had womens size extra small.  True, I put aside the fact that I saw that most of the clothes said "made in China' and bought a pair of cute brown flats on sale anyway.  I'm terrible person.  With cute brown flats.
I have never found a clothing store that had it all (good price, great quality and nice cut, selection of clothing, all available sizes in stock ), and all the time, but this store is it.  I'm not a big shopping fan, but every time I'm in SoHo, I always stop in here and never leave empty handed.  My usually purchases are sporty casual business pants and dress shirts that I can wear to work on casual business day.   Here's what I really like (and what's specifically missing from other stores like GAP, Banana Republic etc.): 1. They have a great selection of all types of shirts, casual and dressy, and they are primarily "European cut", meaning slim, trim and stylish.  If you're used to wearing big, blous-ey, wide cut, box-ey shirts that you can throw a football in, then this is not the place for you to shop. This is for guys that are on the slimmer side, and like that look when they dress. 2. Pants are the same. Slim, trim, new styles, flat-front.  If that's not you, then you may prefer to buy your husky, comfort-band, relaxed pants at Sears. 3. They usually have only one or two lengths of pants, 34-36. That's because there is free hemming.  Nothing fancy...just hem or no hem, but they do a great high-quality job.  They pin it for you (or you can pin it yourself) and they have it ready in about two hours if they are not busy. 4. Unless it is a super-crowded weekend, the dressing room setup works out pretty well. They let you bring in up to 6 items and there's lots of room in each dressing closet, along with a private mirror (NICE).  They also allow you to step outside so your partner can critique and maybe grab another size for you. 5. The salespeople and cashiers are all AWESOME.  Really nice attitudes and always helpful. There are plenty of salespeople milling around the floor and if you can't find your size, they will all run in the back to find it for you. And more often than not, if the item isn't a special clearance item, believe it or not they will usually come back with your size.   6. Prices are either very inexpensive or at least reasonable.  When they have something you like on sale, it's usually a very good bargain (e.g., shirts normally costing $29 on sale for $19, or pants costing $49, on sale for $29), but even when it isn't on sale, I've always felt the price was very fair and reasonable. 7. Most of the cotton business dress shirts are easy care and wrinkle-resistant (throw in the laundry and hang dry). And unless it's a special cut (e.g., trim fit), if Medium is your size, you won't have to try on every medium shirt. Medium will always be the same size month after month for that style shirt. 8. Their jeans are awesome. Very reasonably priced and they fit great. Once you pick your style (they have a few fits to choose from...mine is low on the waist and slim), you're good to go.  Usually only $20-$30. Awesome. 9. Everything from sweaters, sweatshirts, underwear, t-shirts, dress shirts, dress pants, jeans, shorts, socks etc. A one stop shop for me. So that's it. Really nothing bad to say about this place (and this is coming from a non-shopper!!!).
I've been a huge fan of UniQlo ever since the first time I visited a huge branch in the outskirts of Nagoya 5 years ago. I honestly don't understand why anyone would have anything negative to say about the store - they're kind of like Gap, really. My flatmate went to the SoHo UniQlo for the first time and complained that the clothes were boring - my response: "Like duh, they sell basics. They're not freaking Miss Selfridge." And Matsuyama Kenichi on the walls definitely adds to the store's yumminess :) note: maybe it's just me, but why does it feel like the sizes are tailored for larger people? It's been a while since I visited a Japanese UniQlo, so I don't remember if the sizes there were as large. I normally wear M, but I've been getting S/XS stuff from UniQlo..... weird.
I love the leggings and tights in all their variations and combinations: heattech/ cooltech; the knit/ thick/ warm ones, the thin nylon type. The tights are better than the ones I used to get at Macy's. So durable. When leggings + tunic were in fashion, I had a couple of pairs that I wore practically every day and just rinsed out and rotated for over a year until they finally tore. I recently restocked when the new Uniqlo opened on 53rd and 5th and they had promotions at all their stores. It's too bad they don't come in nude (or I didn't see them)! I have them in black. Most of their clothes (including the leggings) are not for my body type. They need more curvy/ pear clothes! I do have a +J dress which fits well.
This is definitely a unique store. I stumbled upon this place when I went shopping on Broadway Lafayette. I always used to pass it but never knew it was so cheap. I mean, from the looks of the outside, it looks like it would be a little pricey since it's always stuffed with tourists and the decor is pretty awesome. The clothing here is pretty normal stuff. You have your selection of cashmere sweaters, polo shirts, puffy jackets, skinny jeans, vests, etc. But one thing makes this place pretty cool....they have a million colors to choose from. I swear, it's like a rainbow had kids in here....and they all threw up! But in a good way. I definitely wanted to get just one polo shirt from this store but there were just way too many colors to choose from that I ended up buying 3. I just couldn't choose! And for some reason, I always manage to leave with a vest....and I really don't wear them, at all. I just think their styles are so cool. The sales here are awesome and, for the pretty cheap prices, you get some great quality clothing! Their clothes definitely last a long time. I always see this one kind of shirt there though that usually catches my eye. It's supposed to be very breathable so you won't sweat...I don't own one but, how is that any different from, say, a tank top? Eh, who knows. What I do know is you should definitely check this store out, especially if you need color in your wardrobe! Side note: glass elevator=awesome sauce
I was looking to purchase their cordalane suit from the spring 2009 collection. They were not only out of stock but could not tell me when, let alone if, they would be getting anything again. For the only uniqlo store in the states to not offer any kind of online shopping, but to also be under stocked, is pretty inexcusable.
I love uniqlo. I love soho. I hate the soho uniqlo. Uniqlo's products are awesome - well priced, well made, and they look good. This store has the worst employees ever. My experience started off fine, and I found a ton of things to try on. I meandered downstairs and used the dressing room there. This is where my experience went downhill. To spare you from reading a stupidly long regurgitation of my experience, I'll say this much; the women who work in the dressing room were rude, unhelpful, lazy and gossipy. On top of this, two employees got into a screaming match, which we all got to listen to. I found some stuff I liked and looked good on me, but I didn't want to deal with the dressing room attendants anymore to get a pair of pants hemmed, so I decided to pass on those. I left the dressing room with a cool blazer, and feeling overwhelmed. I found a nice scarf and sunglasses and headed for the register. As soon as I saw the line, I decided I just couldn't do it. There were way too many people waiting to be served, and only 2 people on the registers. I put the items down and left. Oh, and they had the heat cranked up to what felt like 80 degrees in there. If you're looking for an unpleasantly hot, unwelcoming, uncomfortable, and overwhelming shopping experience, go to uniqlo soho.
Japan's GAP comes to America with a big splash. I'm not a huge fan of all of the clothes here but if you like cashmere sweaters then this is your place. The cashmere alone gets this place 4 stars especially at the price they offer the sweaters. Not to mention the sweaters come in every color imaginable. The rest of the clothes are "meh" decent I suppose. If you like the gap, Banana Republic or H&M then this is your place.
I really really love this place in theory-- however, I have had one ever-present gnarl stuck in my craw about UNIQLO and that is-- the sales people cannot always tell you when a particular item you want will be shipped to them, and you cannot ORDER it if you want it, either.  This is nothing agianst the store or the sales people themselves, this is something about the COMPANY that sucks.  No website to make frustrating shopping experiences a little more bearable = not a five-start shopping experience in my book.  However, the clothes are cute and cheap, and different from say, a GAP so you can get the satisfaction of buying something slightly more "off the beaten path" here in this big NYC megastore.
It's a cool store with great, basic clothing.  If you're looking for trendy but not to the point of ugly, and with great prices, go here. I'm not sure the Heattech stuff isn't overhyped, though. They're pretty warm considering how thin they are, but it's not noticeably warm. Also they're so thin you need to wear something on top anyway.
This store has it all and the quality of their clothing, in my opinion, is a bit better than H&M.  And with the price, you really can't complain.  Now that I am a college student again, I can afford fashionable hip clothing at Uniqlo and live off of just ramen, pizza, and coffee.   The clothing may last for only a few months, but then again, I don't plan on being a student the rest of my life.   They have a such a large selection of sweaters, hip t-shirts, pants, v-necks, and underwear that I don't mind flaunting on the subway.  And get this, the jeans are priced at a mere 40 bucks and they also hem the pants for you within three hours free of charge!!!!!!! This place is great especially for a grad student like me who likes to be "downe" and hip with all the rest!!!
The Soho Uniqlo is less overwhelming than the giant 5th Avenue spaceship - erm, I mean flagship - store. But what it lacks in size & grandeur, it makes up in ease & comfort. It doesn't seem to have the volume of tourist traffic that the 5th Ave shop has, and that alone makes it a necessary stop - especially if you're a local New Yorker. If you're not convinced, the seemingly impossibly low prices and bright colors should lure you in. I'm a huge fan of the complimentary pants alterations. The stretchy jeans I bought from Uniqlo fit perfectly, and months later, they're still my favorite pants. They're super comfortable and haven't lost any shape or stretch. My boyfriend loves their v-neck sweaters, which are warm, light, and stylish. It's really a great "basics" store. Are you still reading? Unbelievable. Go! Shop! Stock up!
i discovered UniQLlO during some trips to Japan and was happy when the flagship opened in NYC last year.  Totally fun store. I bought this very sexy crimson wrap dress there for under $30 that people swear is DVF. I won't tell if you don't LOVE it. It's the type of place you get basics and dress it up the way you want.  They do have plans for an SF store...but or now it's still my best kept secret.  I found the sizes to be big...small was actually like a medium.  I spoke to the sales people and was told that the U.S. Uniqlo is American sizing and not Japanese sizing. contrary to what the other postings suggest. I would compare it more to a Zara or H&M than to a Gap.  More stylish.
I came here twice a month,because I really like their design.In addition, their price is reasonable. I hope they will have more store in NY!
Sort of looks like WIlly Wonka upchucked a box of crayolas.  If you are looking for a plain red T-shirt--piled from floor-to-ceiling; there will be maroon-magenta-strawberry-rouge etc alternatives. Prices are right-store is layed out wonderfully.  Staff is friendly and efficient.,,,BUT huge BUT--- quality---these arent really well made clothes.  I am a bit of a clothes horse.  My shorts after one washing were already bit faded.  And two of my sets of socks already tore after a few wears. Also--though the variety is enormous--these arent particulary interesting clothes.  If Old Navy and the Gap spawned a boring ugly bastard child--UNIQLO would be it. If you need a functional wardrobe for minimal place-this is it--but it isnt really it for me.
My only complaint is that I can't buy more! Good thing there was a sale going on last time I went....scarf as long as I am tall for 9 instead of 30 and peacoats that were 170 for 40. I love their shirts because they are so soft. I want to buy one of their underarmor like shirts or pants someday, but I'm never in the need for them when I'm there nor are they never on good enough of a sale for me to just buy them.
i think they have every colour that you can think of for sweaters. huge store in soho, has a lot of things i like. first i was overwhelmed with the size and the crowd, but after i got to the 2nd floor, i was able to go find what i need/want. this store beats h&m for me, i don't think i'll ever shop in h&m anymore...
This is a really great place to get basic stuff at a fantastic price. The quality is surprising considering what you pay. I see them compared to H&M etc but I think it is a step above as far as style goes. The J+ collection is great.
I haven't been to NYC in a while, and I don't go there near often enough, but there is only one place I HAVE to go when I'm there--UNIQLO. I love simplicity, and that is what UNIQLO does awesomely well!  While you can get some trendy stuff here, I come for the basics.  Cashmere sweaters in every color imaginable for around $50.  Basic tees and such super cheap!  Better than H&M at the same prices.   Also I bought a pair of jeans for about $30 there once and they hemmed them for me for free WITHIN AN HOUR.  It was a busy Saturday and I didn't have any problem picking them up an hour later which really impressed me.   This place isn't super fancy, but it gives me what I need!
All I have to say is...OVERRATED. This store is huge, it's well lit, and there's a bunch of hip music making you feel very trendy shopping here. Despite all of this, this import-brand just looks cheap and the prices are somewhere between high and affordable fashion. It's like a more expensive H&M, without any discernible improvement in quality. I get that this store probably pushed through a ton of inventory of a day, but stacks upon stacks of shirts or ties looks cheap for me, and all of the plastic wrap around their tees makes it feel mass-produced, thus not justifying the price. I guess it's a Japanese thing that I won't get. But guess what, I'm Japanese too! Jokes on you, the reader, for reading all of this!
Hey graphic design nerds:  PANTONE SWEATERS WHAAAT
Lived in NYC for three years. You might complain about this place because it's busy but then you're really doing it wrong. Great store. Perfect for t-shirts, jeans, anything you want to rock without a brand that will look clean. My favorite pair of pants are from here and were like $20.  This is that place where you can pick up all the basics. They have every color, size, and style of jeans/pants you could think of and a great sale rack and by far the best place to buy v-necks/tees (they're $5). If you're one of those this-is-too-cheap-for-me-and-I'm-too-cool-to-shop-­at-cheap-places kind of people, obviously you won't want to shop here lol. If you like looking good though and not spending all of your money on clothes, get the basics here and your "pieces" from your favorite brands.
Love this store!  Especially when they are having a sale! Trendy, affordable and quality says it all.  You can also pick up all your basics here from head to toe.  The traffic of people can get insane.  I recommend going downstairs first and work your way up.  The sale bins are downstairs, so you can get the goodies first.  Beware of the clothes that are on sale at the cash register - it is very unlikely you will wear any of that stuff.  They get you while you are waiting in the line and because the price is so low, you want to get it - try to resist. If at all possible, avoid the weekends.  The long lines for the dressing room can be a nightmare.  You can only bring in 7 items and the rest is placed in a "holding area" for you to switch out.  No one monitors that holding area, so it is very likely clothes will walk off into the hands of someone else. Cashmere here is a great bargain - from sweaters to dresses to socks, with a rainbow of color selections, it is sure to please everyone.
Awesome! I've been down to SoHo many many times (usually to run into TopMan), and have breezed by Uniqlo. Last month I finally stopped by and was rewarded with some pretty good sales. Where else can you get a ton of underwear plus a V-neck for only $30? This store would be great to buy these basic sort of items, though I might be tempted to come back and buy some jeans - I hear that if you buy a pair (over a certain price) they tailor them for you for free. Sweet.
I try to stay as impartial as I can when reviewing places, but seeing as I used to work here, I may or may not be subconsciously biased. The store is okay. They make a big deal about how affordable the clothing is, but even with my discount, I can only afford clothing from here every so often. I'm a bigger fan of their men's clothing than I am of their women's clothing. The store itself is absolutely enormous, but their dressing rooms are tiny in proportion to the store's capacity, and therefore get ridiculously crowded during even a small rush. After working here, I really can't look at the place the same as my pre-Uniqlo days; still, if I ever need something quick for, like, a party or something, I would probably come here.
(I know my review is a long-winded rant, so in case you're thinking of skipping over it, keep in mind that later on I'm going to warn you about how you need to be careful because SOME OF THE STAFF IN THIS STORE WERE DISGUSTINGLY COMMENTING ON THE NAKED BODIES OF WOMEN IN THE FITTING ROOMS.) I'm surprised to see all the hundreds of reviews the store has already, and even more surprised that the reviews amount to a solid four-star status.  I also feel disheartened and a bit impotent because clearly my one-star review will barely make a dent in all the glowing reviews of this place.  But I am so emphatic in my disdain for this store that I'll write the review anyway in hopes that someone sees it and steers clear of that gimmicky  place (gimmicky=overpriced down jackets that can be stuffed into an unattractive portable pouch). It's bad enough that this place is expensive.  And yes, most of the stuff is expensive.  Sure, there are some items that are lower priced, like those $10 jeans they keep advertising (good luck if you have a butt or hips or boobs, because nothing seemed made for those of us who do) and cheap basic T-shirts, tights, bras, etc.  But you can get those basics at H&M or even Target or, like, any place other than here.  And you'd find more variety almost anywhere else.  It's admittedly kinda neat how you walk in and see that they have millions of colors of the same ultra light down coat, for instance.  But that's what a lot of this store is.  The same piece of super-basic clothing (coats, sweaters, shirts of largely unremarkable design) in a million different colors.  My friend asked, "Do they not have a stock room?", which is a fair question because they have a million pieces of the same clothing all on display, like they really need to put all of their inventory out at once.  I'm not going to say that nothing there is cute (I liked their corduroy pants and some cargo-type pants), but there really weren't enough distinctive pieces there.  Everything was super plain, which is fine, I guess, except not really.  Because if it's a plain staple item, to me, it better be fairly inexpensive. What's worse to me is that all the bras, lounge pants, shirts, pajamas, etc (which are the things that are decently priced) are wrapped in plastic packages that you're not supposed to open.  There are some items you just need to be able to eyeball to make sure it seems like it's the right size, but you can't do that here.  No worries; if you want to, you can go to the fitting room, where they have samples of the bras, shirts, pants, pajamas and such for you to try on.  Maybe you don't mind trying on a bra or T-shirt knowing that scores of people have tried on the exact same thing...of course, in other stores, when you try on clothes, you must know that other people have possibly tried on the same clothes, but for some reason, just the idea that they had the same few communal items for everyone to try on slightly grossed me out. If that doesn't gross you out, this should:  while my friend was in the fitting room, she overheard two male fitting room attendants discussing the naked breasts of a woman who had just tried on clothes!!!  One of the guys admitted that he'd gotten a peek as she tried on clothes in the cramped fitting rooms that have curtains, not doors.  The curtains don't always stay flush to the wall, and apparently not everyone keeps their eyes to themselves.  Of course, as my friend was about to try on a bra herself, she got disturbed by what she'd overheard (they used much more explicit language than I'll type here on Yelp).  The fitting room area is very cramped and male workers were folding clothes right outside the rooms, which didn't initially bother me until my friend overheard this crass discussion. When my friend came out and explained what had happened, a female employee overheard my friend mention that she hadn't tried on the bra.  The female employee laughed and said, "What, are you too good to try on the sample bra?" We explained to her that we'd overheard male employees discussing the boobs of another woman.  She just laughed.  Then I said, "No, really.  Someone needs to make sure your staff aren't looking at naked women in the dressing rooms."  She laughed again. What?? Of course these two guys aren't representative of the entire company.  But it soured the entire experience. Just go to H&M.  There are two in Soho.
I wish you came to the west coast! I love you UNIQLO.  Your jeans fit me perfectly well and for such an affordable price for good quality jeans!  And the free hemming is freaking awesome.  Where else can you find that kind of service? There were definitely alot of good deals at the time that I went.  Some certain jeans were on sale for $30 and even $20.  Some vneck shirts and turtlenecks of all colors were on sale for about $10.  Cashmere sweaters and cotton sweaters all on sale also! I wish the jean leggings fit me though.  Those would of been heavenly and comfortable! I need to get some clothes shipped to me at this rate :) from fellow NYC friends. btw the shopping bags are so cute!
It's Uniqlo for crying out loud! Why in the world do they not have a store here in the West Coast?! That just means that if I need a Uniqlo fix then I have to take a trip to NYC or I can just place a phone order.. OR I can go to the one in Paris! But in all seriousness, Uniqlo is a must for me when I need some quality basics and when my unwashed (it's been over a year now =P) Made in Japan selvedge denim needs to be replaced. Even my hipster friend in New York loves Uniqlo.. AND HIPSTERS ARE HARD TO PLEASE! Hahaha!
I don't know anyone who doesn't love Uniqlo.  As soon as we got to Ashley's apartment she started naming places where we would like to shop.  She said Uniqlo was like a "pastel and cheaper American Apparel."  It basically is, but with cute sun hats for the beach.  The key word is cheap in this description. There's a plethora of v necks, scoop necks, crew necks, hoodies, zip ups, cheap jeans, nice trench coats (which are the most pricey of the bunch) and the list goes on.  I wish I had been in a shopping mood when I went because I would have gone nuts when it came to the v-necks.  What I like about the v-necks is that they come in their own little package with a cute little hanger.  I got a boy v-neck and it looks so cute, and my purple pullover hoodie has become my favorite one.  The fabric just feels nice, not too tight, not too wooly, or wooly at all, just like fabric.  Something I could wear when it's cold and on a summer night with some denim shorts.   Uniqlo is just colorful, cheap (I got my hoodie for ten and my v neck for 5 but thats rounded off, because I paid less than 15,) cute, fashionable, simple which is mostly seen as perfection, and the layout of the store is sweeetttt as well.
While I do love their style, it is for size 10 and under.  XL is not a real 12, including underclothing.
Welcome to a clothing mecca tucked away among some high end clothing stores in SOHO.  I hadn't seen one of these since I was in Hong Kong and needless to say I was very intrigued by the presence of this in NYC.  I have heard nothing but great things.   I managed to get myself several Ts for 10 each, dress shirts and shorts for 30.  That made my  decision to go return a pair of $50 shorts and a $70 dress shirt at JCrew pretty damn easy.   Think of Uniqlo as a gigantic more asian H&M.  You can get your self a variety of everyday and work wear.  But, you can also get yourself some seriously awesome t's with crazy pictures and random Japanese writing.  Definitely worth checking it out.
For years I avoided this place because the clothes (from the window) looked so boring and basic. Then recently a friend made me join her inside, and I realized that everyone needs basics and I had been missing out. Unlike similar stores (GAP), Uniqlo uses higher quality material. The cotton shirts are super soft, and the jeans are extremely soft and comfortable as well. I was lucky that I stopped in during a promotional period and picked up a pair of basic black skinny jeans for $30 and 3 oxford shirts for the BF for $15 each. I wasn't going to buy the jeans because they were so long (33") but found out that they do alterations for free! I went on a weekend so it was extremely busy and I had to return the next day to pick them up. Normally if you go on a weekday it takes an hour turnaround time, and the alterations look totally professional. When I went back the next day to pick up the jeans, I decided to buy more jeans and shirts, but the promotion was over! I took off a star because it IS SO EXTREMELY HOT in the cellar that I was sweating and nearly fainted while trying on the clothes in the fitting room. I don't know how the employees tolerate the heat down there but it's like a sweatshop!!
this store is humongous with tons of cashmere sweaters, jeans, tees, etc.   i liked that everything was well spaced and organized so i didn't feel claustrophobic even though there was a lot going on.   their tee selection was excellent.  i'm not really a tee shirt kind of girl but i saw a lot i would buy if i were.  the jeans were inexpensive and cute. their catalog is interesting, too.  there are pictures of puppets.  i think next time, i'll start my shopping day here.
really good selection of office shirts and flannel. all under $40, less @sales. can't be beat.
Uniqlo refuses to let me down.. This has become my only real shopping destination when I visit New York now.. Their great selection, prices, service and style are just what I want out of a clothing store.. Originally, I wished there was one in Los Angeles so I could shop at this brand more often.. But really, I'm glad the only one in the U.S. is in New York.. I like wearing quality clothing that's affordable in L.A. that no one there has easy access to.. Uniqlo FTW! Again
Fave store o' all time.  They're reasonable in pricing and have a simple though unassumingly stylish selection (you just gotta have the skillz and the figure to work it, hahaha!) Most of my wardrobe, including my suits, have Uniqlo tags.  Makes me wonder if they've set out to personally tailor their clothes for one... (me)
your awesome $5 boxer-briefs have helped me procrastinate laundry more times than i care to admit. for this, i thank you.
Oh... mah god. No no... OH.... mah god. Oh mah god... Okay. So... just one day, I'm strolling around SoHo, lets say about... 3 months back perhaps. I see this really cute little store called Uniqlo. It was this jam packed little shit hole with ugly floors, and this incredibly unstable staircase, it made me really nervous walking up and down it. Tons of cute little cashmere sweaters, and v-necks, and t-shirts, and whatnot. This big case of socks in every color you can imagine. And I'm thinking to myself, wow... SOCKS! 4 for $10 socks! That was pretty much my first ever purchase at Uniqlo. 4 pairs of socks in 4 different shades of gray. I was happy. I did see other things as well, unfortunately, everything was large or XL... I asked an associate, "Um, do you have this in a small by any chance" and they said unfortunately not, but their flagship store was going to open in a couple of weeks. Before you know it, you got this fucking huge ass airplane hanger sized place with 2 floors, an incredible amount of nicely dressed mannequins, ceilings so high that godzilla could casually shop in there. What made me really interested was that, they have around 600-700 Uniqlo locations in Tokyo or Japan alone... Huge chain. Awsome clothing, great quality (depending on certain things). Their cashmere is very reasonably priced, the fit is great (and if i say it's great, it's great, cause some places just don't know how to put together garments). I love their underwear selection. Great low rise briefs, an insane amount of V-neck and crew neck undershirts in tons of color (H&M prices pretty much). Hey, I love it.
Take H&M and American Apparel, then make it Japanese and you have Uniqlo. The place is massive. You walk in and it's almost like you don't know where to start. Well, you start by asking yourself if you want a plain t-shirt, tank, long sleeve, tube top, leggings or socks. Then you ask yourself if you want crew neck, v neck, cropped, knee high, rouged or halter. There isn't anything spectacular about this store but the fact that they have every plain coloured clothing you could ever want, and for cheap. Most things I found were on sale or on promotion or on special for lower than $15 a piece. My cousin found a tunic for $10 and the most expensive thing I found was a $35 dress. The store is laid out great and has nice clean corners and is very well kept and organized.
Love Uniqlo for their original styles and great prices.  Heat-Tech works wonders in keeping you warm in the colder weather.  Floor staff are very friendly, but cashier staff are frequently too engaged in their personal conversations to assist the customers.   Store is always very clean and well-organized.   Gets really crowded in the winter time, but the crowds are less dense during the warmer months.
Ugh.  I feel sadistic every time I enter the Soho location.  Why do I do this to myself?  Sure there are sales, it's a convenient location and the shelves are always stocked but, the crowds, oh, the crowds.  I swear it'll be the last time...at least during the weekend in the afternoon.  I much prefer the other locations around town.
cool jeans that fit Titz = YES!!!! (fist pump)
If you have an Asian body type like me, where your hip to waist ratio is like 1:1, then Uniqlo is where you need to go to buy jeans and pants. Normally I can never find anything that doesn't either dig into my belly or hang too loose around the butt or isn't so low rise that I'm worried about baring my crack every time I bend over. The bottoms at Uniqlo fit me perfectly, and I was so happy to stumble into the one in SoHo on a business trip! That said, this is the kind of place where you get boring basics. The items haven't changed much since I was last there in the Tokyo store in 2007. So don't expect to find the latest fashion trends here. P.S. I also swear by the bras here .... Padded, no underwire, so comfy ...
WOAH! With 949 reviews already, Uniqlo is quite a spectacular store. I think this one located in SOHO is a flagship store and one of the few to first open in NYC. The decor is amazing. Every season brings something new to the store and most of the decor is very abstract and quirky. I don't quite get the concept they go for each season but no biggie, the view is quite stunning. On to the clothes. I've said this before, Uniqlo did what GAP couldn't do. Bring simple clothing to the masses at an affordable price. Although their clothing style is very minimal hoards of people still come to get clothing. They have very nice simple styles that come in vast colors and such. I bought one of their heat retaining long sleeved shirts a year ago and it held up nicely after a couple of washes. Now, I really don't know if the heat tech clothing really works, but it really doesn't matter. I believe this store has 3 floors. There's a lot to explore here. Have fun!
Uniqlo is pretty damn awesome! It's the Japanese H&M...but nicer! Everything is very well organized and color coordinated. It was very easy to find different sizes because everything was so well organized. They have some pretty great prices on clothes...especially when they do clearance sales. Their clothes seem to be made with a little more quality in comparison to H&M....you'll understand that once you wash the clothes a few times.
I first discovered Uniqlo while traveling Japan and have been hooked ever since. Their designs are simple, but well-made and ridiculously cheap (two things that do not often go together). Every time I travel to a city with Uniqlo (London, Seoul, Paris), I make sure to stock up on basics. When I'm in NYC, it's no different. I have several of their 'heat-tech' tanks, tees, and leggings. They also have nice casual dresses and skirts for work. Look out for their special collections/collaborations, e.g. Uniqlo x Velvet, Hello Kitty, MoMA, etc. They even have SALES sometimes, so things are even cheaper! If you buy pants, they can hem them in-store for $0-5 depending on the type of pants. This SOHO location is 3 floors and huge. However, everything is really organized and easy to navigate. They are also quite efficient organizing the fitting rooms and cashiers. All in all, a pleasant shopping experience!
This store is gynormous. It is large and in charge with many moving manaquin displays. I love the layout and the concept.  The 3 floor t-shirt wall is impressive. The selection and style options are vast. I am loving the fact that this is from Japan.  They even have dry-fit material for blazers! How cool is that? Uniqlo = American Apparal + Gap with a splash of H&M. Worth checking out.
NO plus size clothing.
The long awaited Uniqlo opened and it was well worth the wait.  I love the open, roomy, lofty shopping space of Uniqlo.  Cool music, cool clothes, cool store.
i guess i don't get it. maybe i was looking for the wrong stuff, but i didn't find anything that looked worth the price... their jeans selection looked pretty good, so maybe that'll be promising. and the store layout is nice for sure.
Okay, being Japanese, I know I am completely biased.  But ever since this store opened Nov 06, I love it.  Absolutely love it. Originally, I was not a fan of Uniqlo when it was out in Japan.  It was more of a suburban mall-type store (like the Gap) with not-so-special offerings.  I loved the quality of the goods though. The one in NY (along with the one in Ginza) has one of the best varieties in terms of items.  NY also has the biggest floor space.  You will not see some of the design-y/ fashion-y items in a lot of the Japan stores (since their stores are not that big).   Uniqlo design tends to be extremely basic, so for trendy stuff I always revert to H&M, but I can always count on Uniqlo underwear (best cotton undies ever!), men's boxers and socks (for my hubby), cashmere sweaters, and denim.  Their clothes fit me well and a lot of their stuff is easy to coordinate with my other clothes. So, whenever I come to NY, I end up buying tons of stuff here.  And everything is reasonably priced too!  Go here and then up the street to H&M and you will be the embodiment of cheap & chic!
I love you, Uniqlo.  Also, for once, I can claim I was ahead of a trend. When I lived in Tokyo in 2001, I bought all my clothes at Uniqlo. I was pleasantly surprised when they announced a store for SoHo. It took a while for it to click, but the selection is reasonably excellent, and I love your skinny chinos. Hard.
The long-awaited UNIQLO global flagship has finally landed!  It's located on a very mall-ish stretch of Broadway in the heart of SoHo.  After hearing all of the "Japanese H&M" rumours, I was surprised to find that the clothing is very staid, especially coming from a country with such vibrant street style.  That being said, there are some great finds to be had: the inexpensive cashmere sweaters (which currently line the walls in rainbow stacks), funky artist-designed tee-shirts for $15.50, and skinny jeans that fit just like J Brand for a fraction of the price.  UNIQLO is worth a stop if you like inexpensive, basic clothing.
truth be told i have only shopped here twice. the first time, a few months ago, i was completely turned off by both the largeness of the store and the displaying of clothes by color. it made me confused as to where i should start. more recently though i went in because i heard they now carry jeans. bingo. they were exactly the fit i wanted, skinny, and they do free alterations at the store. amazing! very reasonable prices. i may shop here again...
-1 star because on a given day, you'll probably see someone else wearing the same sweater you bought from uniqlo earlier in the week. Other than that, I love their clothes. I swear they're custom made for short asians, which I think they are. They fit nice, might be a little too metro for my rugged tastes, but certainly works better than other designer brands. Plus, it's super cheap! But seriously, everyone here is asian.
This place is my answer to the Gap. It is 3 stories of the best basic stuff since American Apparel. The place is clean and super organized compared to places like Forever 21. The company's motto is based on Japanese cultural respectfulness, so a lot of the employees are very well mannered and very helpful so Thank God for that. From the stuff I have bought here, The clothing is very modern and well manufactured. These articles of clothing will not disintegrate after a few rounds with the dryer. Japanese denim is famous for using high end materials hence their popularity.  I love the cut and quality of their clothing. I am a fan of euro cuts and considering this is a japanese name they cut their clothing more tailored to the body. My only con of this place is the fact that it is in soho. Expect a crowded store, tons of tourists, long ass lines for the fitting room and long ass lines for the register. To their defense, it moves pretty quickly. However, if you are looking for a better alternative than H&M, this is your answer.
A cross between the GAP and American Apparel.  Not my style but it's a large-bright store worth checking out at least once.
great clothes, even better prices. this place has clothing in every color you can imagine (pantone has a line here). uniqlo is well organized and easy to shop in. i love this shop, always come here when i am in the city
Seriously, I have nothing bad to say about this place. Second time shopping at this location on a NYC vacation and as always, I found some quality leggings/jeggings. Hahaha. For whatever reason, that is what I come to Uniqlo for. 20 bucks for good quality pants is rare but this spot delivers. Extra love for Uniqlo because the staff is on point. Dude who rang me up started off the transaction with, "Love that you're smiling. A smile can get you very far and I like yours". They're not your typical disgruntled retail associates. These people must love their jobs. He was straight up a Kid Cudi lookalike too, so when I told him that him and his coworker started hella laughing. Apparently he gets that a lot. It's just always nice to have laid back conversation with people while they ring you up. Whether it's at a department store, grocery store, gas station, whatever. Nice employees make or break your business. Here, they make it.
UNIQLO is definitely unique! It's the only store in the US, which makes the place even more appealing. It's 3 levels so theres tons of clothing to choose from. I'm a small guy so the way the clothes fit is awesome. The tags say is Japanese fit, which is similar to European fit so the clothes are tighter and smaller than normal. I do like the fact that Uniqlo has a different sale for each day. They offer good deals and free hemming on any pants that you get! Great variety of clothes, I do wish there were more in the US. You can't even purchase clothes from online!
Slightly expensive for basics. If you are looking for color, this is the place to come get it. They have all the basics is basically every color that you can imagine. The store overwhelmed me when I first stepped in, and I almost left without making my way to the back. I found one shirt out of the entire store to purchase and it set me back $50. Personally I think that I will stick to JCrew and Banana Republic if I want basics from now on, but Uniqlo was worth a look. They have a children's section which I thought was afforable. The material is not great, but it's much better than Gap or H&M.
None of the jeans here fit me. They all have this weird Japanese fit or something for guys who like their jeans tight around the crotch and loose around the ankle. I don't get that, but they have 5 dollar nice shirts here. Cool.
We'll make one item, not very well, and distribute it in multiple colors. I see right through UNIQLO's pseudo-trendy atmosphere. Could you look anymore bland in these clothes? It's hard for anything hailing from Japan to not look new or fresh. This could be because they have entirely different cultural aesthetic. When you take away the venue, it really is a pile of crap meant to be stacked and sold out of cardboard boxes. Regardless I was not impressed. In fact after walking out of the store I am waiting for people wearing polos to flood the market. I really hope this place doesn't spread. Beware the secret guards, if you even so much as take a camera out or sneeze they will descend upon you from the gates of hell and yell at you. How un-Japanese. *UPDATE 5-19-07 on a return back to the store I noticed that they changed a lot of things. They have diversified their clothes and move away from the American Apparel motif. The clothes are still more in line with GAP Inc. than H&M but the prices are hard to beat.
I've been a fan of Uniqlo since forever... well, at least since they had the tiny store a few blocks away from the current behemoth and a location at a random mall in New Jersey. The quality of the clothing is very good. Uniqlo offers well-constructed basics and some more fashionable selections as well. They are a combination of Gap and H+M. The main reason I like Uniqlo is that their size Large tops fit me almost perfectly. Their dress shirts cost about $30 and are very sturdy. Sweaters range from $30 to $150, depending on the material. Their underwear and socks tend to be colorful and very inexpensive. Their undershirts are very comfortable, but noticed that they stopped selling 3-packs and now sell 2pack, charge the same amount of money and put a 'premium cotton' label to justify the price increase. What I don't like: -Their pants are cut very tight and short. Even if they fit on my waist and hips, they will still be too short... yes, even their 34" inseam. - Long lines for fitting rooms and registers. - They run out of things quickly and it is unlikely they will get another shipment with the same products (except for basics). - Their website products do not match in store products. - They check ID for credit card purchases, even if your credit card does not require them to do so. Is that even legal? - Only one location.
Everytime I visit NY, I always come for a visit. This is the closest one to be besides when I fly to HK. They have cute clothes for cheap, and the best of all is that I am able to sometimes find pants that will fit me perfectly.
clothes are affordable and fashionable for this japanese brand.  the facility is clean.  the prices are to die for!  i would've given them one more star if their shirts fit me better.
LOVE! the sizing surprised me - it seems to run a bit large. i figured that a japanese label would run smaller than american, but i guess they are taking our famous obesity into consideration? they have a huge sale section downstairs.
Affordable clothing in a city where there's no tax up to $110/purchase. The tri-level floor plan of this huge store was impressive: Men's on third floor, Ladies on bottom floor and cashier/seasonal items on main entrance floor. Quality of the items is unmistakable: good fabric and consistent sizing. Thank goodness my wife and I only make our way to NY infrequently - or else our closets would be brimming.
Uniqlo is the one stop shop to get all the basics you need for your wardrobe. Simple and affordable, it's a step above H&M and The Gap. The multi-level store offers T's, sweaters, dresses, coats, accessories, and everything in between for women and men. Soho is home to the only U.S. store...who do I need to talk with to get one in L.A.?
I reached the same conclusion as everybody else here and I'm sure you will too.  Uniqlo is Japan's answer to the GAP.  This 3-story mega-showcase parallels the futuristic décor and floor space of a Nike Superstore with prices no expensive than Old Navy.  I purchased a wool-blend overcoat for $80.00.  Even at its original price of $140.00, Uniqlo is considerably cheaper than its competitors (usually $180 to $360).  The philosophy is simple: take a quality item of clothing and duplicate in numerous shades of color.  The sizes are based off clothing sizes in Japan so don't feel fat if you had to reach for an Extra-Large when you normally wear a Large.  Of course, it helps when you're shaped like a Japanese person or "you're proportioned like an orangutan" (see Percy W.'s review).  Too bad Uniqlo doesn't sell anything over the Internet and the sole North American retail store - yes, for the entire continent - is in New York City.  [Original Visit: January 2, 2010]
I am 5'2. I have no heiny. Jeans are my nemesis. I cannot find a pair that fit me right, always too long, always too baggy in the rear. And i spend $9475638 (slight exaggeration) then need to spend another $10 on them to get them hemmed. Even then they magically don't fit right. I hate stretchy jeans (dint even get me started on those). OK enough venting. Welcome to my mecca! Jeans that fit me, jeans that's they tailor FOR FREE SAME DAY.  I will say that again, because it should be shouted from the rooftops- FREE SAME DAY TAILORING! Purchase the pants and they tailor them. It's that easy. Plus they re reasonably priced (at 40-60 dollars a pair) and they sell cashmere for a fraction of the cost retail in many different colors and styles (and by colors I mean all of the colors you can imagine and more, they line their walls). They re not amazing quality sweaters but for the price, they re worth it. cute, trendy, inexpensive. stellar.
Love this place, like H&M on steroids. It's a catastrophic scene inside, but the gear is pretty fly & hip, stupid cheap, and abundant. Picked up a SMOOV lavender linen shirt for like 20 bones or something, totally throaway fly city kid gear, but that's good because who really wants to pay attention to what they might spill on their shirt anyways? I also got some really great socks & they have great underwear. All in all it as a glorious shopping experience.
i discovered this place on a layover in manhattan, NY.  i'm from la and there aren't any Uniqlo here yet.  the shop in soho is hugh with many different departments.  i bought a lot of cute things for my teenage daughters for christmas and they loved them.  the only thing that i am disappointed with and thus only 3 stars is the long, knit, hooded sweaters i bought for my older daughter.  one in black and one in an eggplant, purple color.  again, she loved them.  but i was bummed to see after only a wear of two, these sweaters started pilling and looking old. what a bummer.  i'm glad they were only $40 each.  but i will hesitate before i buy any more knits from uniqlo.
it's like i died and went to cashmere heaven. i will miss you, uniqlo. for three days while i was in nyc for your grand opening, we were BFF. now that i'm back in SF, i feel a little empty inside. well, i'll be back and we'll fo' sho get reacquainted! love ya!!
Love this place. Where else can you get a pair of jeans at $15 WITH alternation service! come on, just that would cost $20. Admit this is more like a fast food restaurant, everything is shiny and crowded, only the clothes are not so fast to worn out. You will love it and the mood will ascend too. Just try to be quick and stand in line.
This is an amazing store. Colors and selections of everything, with specific fits that are hard to find, considering the cuts are Japanese. THe prices aren't bad in retrospect to what you're getting. It's a sort of Japanese H&M or Express. Very cool and trendy. Music's pretty awesome there, too.
Three floors of clean, white light.  Simple but classic pieces at reasonable prices.  Their tees are fun and cute, but smaller sizes sell out quick (I've been trying to get my hands on some of the Osamu Tezuka ones right now, but they've sold out of the Astroboy and the Princess Knight ones!).  Plus $40 jeans?  AND free alterations within 2 hours?  What's not to like?
kinda disappointed in the selection and pricing.  i've been to this store in london and was amazed by the prices (even though they were in pounds).  i found stuff for discount and had selection.  this was my first time in a uniqlo here in the states and it wasn't the same experience i had in london.  only some stuff like polo shirts were on sale and everything else only had size small and xsmall.  hello we are americans, we are not small and xsmall.  please restock the normal size.  but i found that to be the norm in the whole city.  if i go back to new york, i'm hoping for a better experience at uniqlo to make up for the last time i went.
I'm a Japan baby. Born and raised. I'm defensive when it comes to stuff like this. But nooo this UNIQLO is just as good as the ones back home :). LEGGINGS GALORE. And they're not the bullshit material that'll look trashy after a few wears and washes. They are so ridiculously comfortable, I live in them. And they keep you warm! Sadly I couldn't find any more of the heat tech leggings when I went, but it's getting warmer anyway. Leggings run from 9-14 bucks depending on the style. And there are lots of them. BEST JEANS EVARRRRR! I only get my jeans here. Best fit, and quality. I'm a skinny jean only type girl and these have never gone bootcut on me. I've had a pair that I bought back home for almost 3 years now and they still fit the same with the same color. I've never gotten them altered, even though UNIQLO offers free alteration services. Maybe next time! I love this store because it's filled with clothes that are actually wearable. I hate walking into Forever 21 or H&M looking at things like "WTF, is this really on a hanger?" Aaaah, my go to for retail therapy.
I fell in love before I arrived. I knew that I was gonna love UNIQLO from all the pieces I've seen in GQ. For men, I would say this place is better than H&M; more affordable than Topman. Pretty crazy busy, but I expected every place I was in in NY to be busy. The thing I wanted the most was a tie and they didn't disappoint. I absolutely love the knit tie I bought. I even bought some capri style pants, which I've never been a fan of but something about these checkered pants were really cool.
I visited the uptown store at Broadway and 79th today but didn't come away with a better understanding of the excitement around Uniqlo.   If they're trying to compete with H&M and Zara at disposable fashion I think they have a ways to go.
i was kind of excited to visit this store since we don't have them out here but i was disappointed.  the clothing seemed pretty boring to me... the prices were decent but there really wasn't even one thing that caught my eye!  i think the only thing cool about this store is their name and the fact that they are from japan...
Dear UNIQLO, Please stop calling out to me with your abundant soft flannels, well cut basics and seriously comfortable and crave-able socks. I don't think this long distance relationship is going to work, please come to California. Please? Or, at least go online so I can check out your goods over the intarwebs. Love, Chad C.
I'm starting to like this store.  I had no idea this brand existed until my year stay in Japan few years ago. It's everywhere in Japan. Little did I know that they also have an international branch right here in Soho.  Back then, I thought the the style looked very plain jane.  It had that "United colors of Benetton" look that I'm not a fan of.  My mom used to dress me up in that when I was little, so I think it's fair for me to want to avoid it. However, this place was one of the to-do's of a friend who was visiting. So I had no choice but to go. I started to pick at some of the jeans they had available becauase I didn't want to wait around.  So glad I did. The jeans fit me perfectly!  I have really thin legs in comparison to my body(I'm an ET, I know), so I usually have hard time finding even designer jeans that fit perfectly.  Regular skinny jeans = baggy pants for me.  Thanks to my friend, I've now found a place that actually fit my body shape. Makes sense, since this is a Japanese brand and Japanese girls are small. Why didn't I figure that out before? I highly recommend Uniqlo for small-framed Asian girls.
i never liked UNIQLO really. went with a friend to buy him some nice mens wear and felt strange on the upper floor. it's nice when it's crowded during the weekends, but when only 20 people are inside shopping... intimidating! it's basically the japanese version of Gap or the like. music was nice. sales person were not helpful whatsoever. (later i went back to buy one of the cds, and the lady at the counter seemed confused when i handed her the card of the cd)
I was in NYC earlier this month and happened to pass by this store when I was shopping in Soho with my 5 yr.-old daughter.  Lots of classic staples here (merino wool cable knit sweaters, basic plain knit shirts, etc.) in many vibrant colors (fuchsia, royal blue, yellow, pink, etc.).  In the sportwear/undergarment section of the store in the basement, there is a big collection of basics made with "Japan Heattech" technology.  Most cotton knits are rather thin but soft to the touch and prices in general are very reasonable (promotion of buy one cashmere blend sweater and get one free for $39.99 going on when I was there).  My closet consists mostly of clothing pieces in black and brown so I only came out with 3 things (Okuro T-shirt, black long-sleeve V-neck cotton knit and a printed T-shirt for my husband) but I can see myself buying more if I was in the 18-30 age group or if I was someone who loves a colorful closet.  I loved the atmosphere of the store - very Japanese like: everything neatly organized and displayed so it was very easy to find colors and sizes.  Even if you don't intend to buy anything, it's worth it just to look and experience it.  My daughter had lots of fun going up and down the store elevator :-)
Uniqlo is a unique shopping experience.  The store layouts are very well thought out.  Very clean and spacious.  When browsing, the clothing are all very neatly arranged in shelves or hanging up.  Everything has a display model on a dummy or something nearby and they have charts and diagrams of whatever the product is.   I picked up a "Heat Tech" long sleeve turtle neck shirt.  It's very very warm despite being incredibly thin.  When i was making my choice a sales associate came by and helped discuss options and styles with me which was nice. Prices were alright - i don't like spending too much money on clothing, but for good style you need to right?
Uniqlo does nothing for the older, plus-sized woman, but, if I were twenty and strapped for cash, I would live in this store.  For the price, it has the best selection of functional and well-designed clothing I have ever seen.  It's cheap, holds up, always looks good and matches everything. If  were on the run from the authorities, I would take Uniqlo with me.  Ditto fleeing one step in front of an angry landlord who hasn't been paid in a few. The clothing store does that La Boheme thing well.  So, if you don't have two pennies to rub together, but always want to show up well turned-out  to a club or the office, this is the place. When you have the bucks and start to fill out a bit, there's always Ann Taylor.
Great store...love all the unique t-shirts and all for 15.50, you can't go wrong. The prices for their other clothing are very reasonable. Great selection of clothing, from trendy to classic. Way better than H&M.
i was there today and every other time im in soho i stop by ; they had transformer display w. b.bee and it was a huge display wow amazing ; but the thing that sucks is that they dont have the 5 dollar tees for guys no more . -______-
I LOVE UNIQLO. I buy almost all of my clothes there -- they fit me perfectly. I discovered this store while shopping with two of my friends in SoHo. Ever since then, every time I go to SoHo I always go straight to UNIQLO. So many patterns. So many colors. The clothes are affordable. The staff is attractive. The music is great. I freakin love this store. I've brought many friends here and they always love the place too.
Why is this store the ONLY "nearest" location to where I live?! Ugh, this traveling back from MA and waiting is killing me! I know they have an online store now, but consider the shipping and handling...well then again, there's the taxes too in NY. Anyways, to get to the point, I absolutely love the range of colors in the clothing and some of the designs. The best time to go there is obviously when there is a sale taking place! I own some of the Heat-Tech clothings, and my favorite has been the tights! I need to come back to buy some more of that. Some of the items may not be sold online, which is why I would rather venture here to check them out than buy online. I hate that Uniqlo no longer offers that free service of altering the length of the chosen jeans at any price to your preferred height anymore :( Their policy now changed to having it for free if the item is higher than $20 - 30 (I can't remember, please back me up here). The customer service is awesome too. In the past, there was one time when I wanted to alter my jeans but could not pick it up on time due to my limited visit time. They mailed back my jeans to me with free shipping! I can't say if this is now still applicable, as this happened some years ago. Either way, the staff are always so friendly!
the store soundtrack includes the humpty dance! need i say more? clothes that are colorful, cute, quality. and so affordable. if you're looking for interesting, unique pieces, go somewhere else. this is where you stock up on all the basics. i'm a sucker for their print-t's, pajama pants (softest ever) and perfect jeans. perfect jeans for my hippy, dachshund figure for 50 bucks! wide-leg, skinny, whatever, in beautiful washes. they will rehem pants free of charge in 45 minutes, on-site. for every category of clothing in my painstakingly hand-picked wardrobe, there is at least one article that comes from uniqlo. i own two yellow uniqlo umbrellas. i might be slightly obsessed. i never go to soho without stopping in. and i never leave the store without something new and utterly lovable.
Amazing store wonderful cloths
I was really excited when Uniqlo opened. I don't know why, since I've never been to one, but I knew it would be great - and it is. I love walking in not needing to buy anything and walk out with a bag full of clothes and a couple hundred dollars less in my account. Since this is the only one in the US, its a great place to bring visitors. But it also makes it a tourist magnet. To avoid the crowds, go early - when they open. Best buys: coats (puffy, trench, wool), opaque tights ($8 and they last), leggings, jeans of course (any), mens t-shirts, mens socks and undies, actually the whole mens sections is really good, much better than the woman sometimes. The only flaw is that they run out of small sizes fast. So if you like something, buy it. You can always return it. And changing tables in the bathroom downstairs. Never noticed till my baby's diaper was full.
Four stars. Uniqlo is basically the Gap of Japan. That said, the stuff is still a step above what we normally get stateside. Its not unreasonably priced, and seems to be good for everyday clothes thats still just a bit out of the ordinary. The store itself, is amazing. Huge walls of shelves and racks sporting T-shirts, jeans, and just about everything in between. Definately a sight to see. When I was in Japan this summer, I didn't buy anything there... primarily because they seem to only have the larger sizes in the US store. Oh yeah, also the store completely appeased my geek-side due to the Cyborg-009 bag and t-shirts they had there. Wewt! :D
love this store! its huge 3 stories great place for basics great price points and great QUALITY! waaay better than h&m the sizes are a bit diff they run a little big, make sure you try em on (ie. small fits like a med) got great deals on sale sections too! on the 2nd floor there is a cute photosticker booth you could take pictures for free!!! oh annnd there is a topshop opening in the fall nearby!
i never bought from this store before in new york, but the next time i go to new york i'll see if i can make some time for this place during my trip. i usually buy these in hongkong when i go there or in japan. the clothing quality is pretty nice and beats old navy and gap. it's like the japanese version of gap. cheap and good quality. i like it because i don't have to wear stuff that you see average americans wearing
God I wish they had a store in LA, but I'm also glad they don't. What is there NOT to like about this damn store.  Great prices, huge selection, excellent designs, and did I say CHEAP?  And before I start to make this store sound like walking inside a TJ Maxx...it's far from it.  This is true SoHo fashion @ SoLA prices. If you ever plan on visiting NY, save up some cash and splurge at this spot, trust.  Even if you don't think you need anything...you'll come out bag-in-hand wondering why your wallet feels so light.  I went in figuring I'd spend maybe 50 bucks and change.  Ended up dropping $255 on an assortment of sweaters, polos, cardigans, button ups, you name it...TAX FREE, guilt free, no regrets. And if you really ain't trying to buy anything, at least go to Uniqlo and scope out some of the beautiful looking tourists.  Sorry Katy Perry, California Girls ain't got nothing on Soho Girls. So why am I glad they don't have a spot here in LA?  Besides the fact that I'd be in debt, I hate it when someone wears the same outfit as me when I go out.  Guess I don't have to worry about that anymore.
I heard alot about this place from a couple of friend... it put me in the place of a new age GAP... all the different color sweaters, pants... like OMG!!!!! Everything in the store is pretty much a comfort relaxe look plus they have great sales!
H&M quailty meets American Apparel soilds. I have three pants and all a good fit, we shall see how long in comparison to other of similar quailty brands, they hold up. A fun shopping experience in this HUGE store and I love the way they display the clothing all the way up the walls.
after 6 mos, my skinny jeans fell apart!! ridiculous!
UNIQLO's one and only U.S. store (at least until its Fifth Avenue store opens) is stunning, enormous, and well merchandised. Here, customer service is still alive, too; the lanyard-wearing associates I've encountered on my visits have been uniformly cheery and helpful. Consistent with a Jil Sander / modern Japanese aesthetic, the clothes are basic, simple and clean -- it's the anti-Anthropologie. The fits are slimmer, which is uncommon for a big box apparel retailer. Plus: Free onsite alterations! I'm not a fan of shopping for clothes, and Gap Inc. brands still dominate my wardrobe (the company provides me with a paycheck and a substantial discount on purchases, after all), but whenever I'm in NYC, I hit UNIQLO to stock up on selvedge jeans, sweaters, and a jacket or two. The only reason I can't give UNIQLO five stars: This store can be a total madhouse. It's not as batcrap crazy as the Times Square Forever21, but definitely come on weekdays in the mid-afternoon if you want to avoid long lines at the fitting rooms.
Great prices.. love the jeans and basics here.  This place can get insanely packed, especially when they do collaborations (ie. if you guys remember the line when the Jil Sander collection first came out, the line was obscene).  In my opinion, they have a better collection of basics than the gap (wider range of colors, sizes, fit), and they're cheaper to boot. Whenever I come here I stock up on the heat tech tank tops and leggings because I can wear them underneath/with any outfit.  They also have a lot of cartoon/anime shirts that'll make anyone reminisce about their childhood. (mickey mouse, astro boy, etc) They also offer free tailoring on anything you buy, so don't forget this option if you really like a piece but it doesn't *quite* fit right.
UNIQLO. I love you. You are always there for me, with basics for when I have a sudden undershirt shortfall, a perfectly fitting oxford whenever I have a wardrobe emergency or with an assortment of fun but functional shirts and pants when I simply want to try out a new look without the spending the extra $$$s. High-street fashion look and feel for KMart prices. Who can argue with that?
It's like a Japanese H&M. That's what I heard it described as a lot. I actually know someone that works here otherwise I don't think I would've ever stepped into this store. There's only this flagship store right now in America but rumors are they were thinking of opening another one in New York. But it's a really big place so there's plenty of stuff to browse and buy. It's three stories of clothes and accessories. I could spend hours in there. Mostly I was intrigued by their heat-generating clothing. I know someone who just wears the heat generating thermals under their regular clothes and can walk around in the New York cold weather without a jacket. So I bought a set to try out as well as the scarf. I tried the undershirt and underpants and have to admit the thermals do keep you super warm. I'm a scarf person so I put the scarf to good use, but I'm not sure I felt much difference between this one and a regular scarf. It is stylish though so I continue to wear it quite often. The have cute sweaters and jackets. Their jeans are pretty inexpensive too but they all seem to run long. So they offer complementary hemming. It takes about an hour - longer if it's busy but that's a pretty awesome service. They need to open more locations - preferably in Cali. :-)
Great store for stylish basics and the occasional trendy purchase.  It's similar to H&M in terms of simple designs for reasonable prices, but it has less ultra-trendy pieces (that's a good thing).  I love their tights for $5,  dresses for $50, and cashmere sweaters for under $100.  Lots of colors and styles abound in this lofty store (3 levels).  Their clothes are quickly becoming staples in my wardrobe.   Also, they have free personal shoppers that are very helpful.
Look out Gap, Uniqlo is on your tail.  I recently stumbled into this store and I can best describe it as a solid place to get the things you need.  From cool t's to knit polos, the selection of size and colors is great.  One of the days I was there the air conditioner was out so it was crazy hot.  But it did not stop my wife from looking around. I would not recommend this place as a place to buy the outfit you need for your night out...but you will definitely find the basics you need at a great price.
please open a uniqlo in sf.  besides madewell, you are the only non-boutique store that is in nyc and missing here.   quality basics at a great price.  free hemming !!!!!
All winter long I've been looking at those ads for thermal generating tops from this place. Finally I decided to check it out. Oh boohoo, why was I so jaded by advertising that I didn't come earlier. Here you will find hip Japanese fashions that seem well made(time will tell--I've only had my outfits for a few weeks but I suspect they are much better quality than say, an Old Navy or H&M). The store ranges from messy to well organized depending on the time of the day you come in, the staff is very friendly and helpful all the time, and the promos here are outrageous. I actually have to force myself to stay away because the past 4 times I've been here in the past three weeks, I've left with more stuff than I wanted to buy. I am waiting for a late big frost to try out the heat generating jeans I just bought. Though hearing two customers rave about one of the heat generating skirts, I don't think I'll be disappointed. Oh, I can tell, this is one place that might suck away at my paycheck slyly.
Miriam W told me I'd "absolutely love UNIQLO" and dammit, she was right! If you want to be faced with an alarming number of options and clothing of every stripe, colour and style, you'd be wise to have a gander at UNIQLO's wares. I didn't even attempt to tackle the second floor as I was overwhelmed with just the main floor and my forearm was aching from carrying so many items around the store. Shockingly, what I ended up buying was neither stretchy nor neon - a beautiful linen/cotten blend dress with pockets that wasn't advertised as being on sale but ended up having 20 or 25% knocked off the price. Thanks, UNIQLO!
Every man should shop at Uniqlo for all his clothing. I can think of no higher praise than this for this store. The quality for the value is unparalleled. Handsome T-shirts for $6, well-fitting and comfortable dress shirts for $20, warm waterproof stylish jackets for $130. And then stuff they just invent like Heattech which packs impressive warmth into incredibly thin fabric. They have everything and everything's great. It's truly ridiculous. Why shop anywhere else? It's time for Uniqlo to conquer America, and if the number of people who pack this store day in and day out is any indication, it's well on its way to doing so.
i heart uniqlo. (wow, cute quality clothes that FIT ME!) my boyfriend esp loves their line of manga tshirts. (:::geekdrool:::) now, i wait for muji to hit new york. be patient. EDIT: they started putting out some items in XXS. don't hate - it's great for faux fatties like me.
i just wish there werent so many people there all the time
I came back here to pick up my (free) denim alternation and I must say, whoever did the hemming at Uniqlo was amazing! There were no jeans my size at the time so I went with one that was 4 size longer. After the alteration, I have a perfect slim fit jean. I also purchased a long umbrella since the weather decided to be wet and wow, umbrellas are only $7.90, looks good AND sturdy! I LOVE Uniqlo!
I don't own anything from here or really even like their women's selection. But my boyfriend bought jeans from here today..his first pair of jeans under $200 --he's a label whore (They put him out only $50)!!! So all I have to say is I love you Uni-Qlo I freaking LOVE you! Now I can make sure my boyfriend is well dressed for less money.
Good place for cheap clothes. Every time I'm in SoHo, I stop in and buy underwear and socks. I am happy to have an underwear-socks hook-up, a go-to spot. Because socks and underwear matter.
i hit this place up every time i'm in japan. and now it's in nyc, it cuts my travel time in half to 6 hours! nice selection of clothes, great quality, and a decent price for a store from japan. be on the lookout, cause these shops will be poppin' up across the states in no time!
Every major city should have a UNIQLO.  It's got the wide-spread appeal and affordability of a Gap or an H & M, and it's a damned shame that New York gets to hog it with just the one Soho flagship.  It's a really great place for basics, and I'm sure would do great business in L.A. The aesthetic is very clean and less high concept than what you might see at say Topshop or even the lower-end fast fashion chains.  The silhouettes are familiar and the materials are sturdy.  This is not to say that the clothes are boring - while UNIQLO doesn't pretend at high fashion, it's a great place to find a cool flannel button-down or a classic cardigan in a bright color.  I'd guess that the average customer is pretty well-dressed and even a little bit edgy, male or female. The prices are right and if, say, you had a crazy ex torch your wardrobe, you could replace the essentials at UNIQLO for a reasonable amount.  The store is also giant as well as attractive, with light wood floors and a scheme of white, glass, and steel that fits the minimalistic character of the clothing.  The space is easy and pleasant to browse. While you probably won't find anything at UNIQLO to take your breath away, you can almost always snag something cheap and easily wearable.  If you're in New York to shop, it should probably be a secondary destination, but if you live in the area, UNIQLO is a great regular stop.
I'd love to give them three stars because most of their staff is comprised of  mouth breathers. How are you going to tell me that they didn't make a particular shirt in a Medium, when there are other shirts in XS, S, L, and XL? Did they just completely skip M for the hell of it? I had to ask another person to find me a M in the shirt I wanted, and surprise....they had it in a Medium. I know effort is a hard thing to exert, but at least put some of it into your lies. However, the Uniqlo line is fantastic. They carry a lot of fashion staples on the cheap here, and that's much appreciated. The floor with the manga comic strip theme absolutely rules the universe, AND they had Virtua Fighter shirts! Uniqlo is a must visit and their line probably has several welcome additions to your wardrobe , but the staff here just brings the experience down.
This is the dream shopping paradise store. On my must visit list for every New York City trip!
I love uniqlo! Amazingly HUGE store with clothes that are taliored small enough to fit us petite asians. This is prob not the store to get your one "stand out" piece but its great for all the basic necessities w/ quality at affordable price. (Think GAP, american apparel minus sex appeal, etc). Plus they hem your jeans for freeeeee!
I wish they had this store in So Cal!!!!!!! The quality you get for the prices is UN.BEATABLE. I didn't actually get anything for myself, but men's shirts and dress shirts. They just have such great material and awesome fits. Since it's a store from Japan, I think they just make it so that it fits other Asians well... UNIQLO, please come to Cali!!!!
I didn't actually go here myself but a friend of mine recently took a business trip to NYC and asked if I wanted anything. Without stopping to catch a breath I told her, "UNIQLO. GET ME ANYTHING FROM UNIQLO." I've heard so much about this place and it's been described to me as a "better H&M." Judging from the store pictures and product line, it looks more like a trendier Gap. Even though Uniqlo is easy on the wallet, quality is key at this Japanese-based convert. I ended up with a nice cardigan which is much thicker than my paper-thin H&M counterpart made of the same material. H&M stuff looks nice but falls apart the first time you wash it. Whether this one holds up or not is anyone's guess - Uniqlo was at least considerate enough to instruct "dry clean only" on the care label. There seems to be a strong following, as evidenced by the availability - or lack - of their clothes. Their v-neck tees are among the best in the biz according to the folks on Superfuture, and at $5 a pop they are always sold out. Fortunately my friend was able to snag the last one and let me tell you, this isn't some cheap undershirt - it's thick enough to be worn out and the fit/cut is very flattering. I'll be placing a phone order for about 10 of these in the near future, along with the jeans I wanted which were also sold out. I'm San Fran faithful to the heart but NYC-exclusive stores like these (along with their efficient subway system) are the type of things to make me consider jumping ship. I plead to Uniqlo's higher-ups...please bring one of these here!!! Uniqlo has SF written all over it and its mere presence would put H&M to absolute shame. My gut instinct tells me it's already in the works.
L-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-me-nesssss. American men, stick with The Gap. Don't listen to the 'Retail Shrews' cooing over the Uniqlo style and variety. Here's the dirty little secret no one else will share with you: the clothes here may 'look' swank but they're made for spindly, puny, mousy Asian physiques! Yep! Shipped directly from Asia; no nod to evolutionary anthropology at all! As a guy with a decently muscular build (no, I'm not a gym-rat or anything) heck I can't even get an arm through the sleeves of the shirts purchased in this place. Normal, American-man sized biceps will not work here. $40 for a shirt which you have to rip the sleeves and throw the whole thing away. A total waste of time and money. Big frown for Uniqlo.
uniqlo is such a good store i love there jeans my favorite jeans were from uniqlo =] i was so happy when kojima was at uniqlo!!!
Just because I just got around to yelping it doesn't mean I haven't been going there since shortly after it opened and... I LOVE THEIR JEANS!!! The quality and fit of their jeans is great and they always have ridiculous sales - like $19.90 and $29.90 say WHA? If you have a booty or hips this is definitely a good fit. If you are petite/short they offer FREE ALTERATIONS and they keep the original hemming.  Keeping the original hemming is a must when you alter jeans or the stitches will look tacky however many tailors charge extra for that. I'll be honest the windows didn't appeal to me because it was ver basic, and I guess that's what they focus on very basisc, everyday, good quality and comfortable wear. I have yet to make it in for the Dry Lux tops which sound great for summer and yoga.
I checked out Uniqlo due to my friend's recommendation that I could get a really cool puffer jacket here. I really wanted the white hooded puffer jacket with the fur trim around it but unfortunately none were available in the store.  So as a comparison, I looked at the black ones but was surprised how thin they were.  Despite the label that this newly developed jacket was lightweight and had some amazing heat temperature setting on it, I wasn't sold. I don't think this jacket heat setting temperature would have kept me warm enough. Furthermore, a lot of the styles reminded me of American Apparel - lots of bold colors and paper tissue tees.  The prices are rather affordable - $39.99 for cashmere sweaters!!!! As with all things that are affordable, they didn't have my size. A majority of the customer service reps are friendly and knowledgable but overall - this store is your standard American cut/style line which to me is - I can get this stuff at the Gap...
This place is alot of fun!  There's selection for both men and women and they always have some sort of sale going on.  I loved their font collection T-shirts and their cute manga section, priced only at about $15 each.  They also offer a lot of variety in jeans and even have tailoring services, which can be picked up in an hour.  Last time I was there I copped a few tees and a pair of slacks for only $20 that was originally $80!  Very good quality clothes at good prices.  Can't beat that!
A must when in NYC. Best basics - great cardigans. I went three times. Simple, some unique items, great prices. A little crazy inside...I got skinny jeans for $10!
Although I live in Atlanta I've probably been here at least 4 times in the last 2 years.  I even checked out Uniqlo while in Tokyo (it has similar stuff).  Why do I make an effort to come here?  I like their jeans , the fit me well, good quality and a fair price.  I usually buy my socks, boxers and undershirts here.  And most recently I bought a pair of wool slacks for work.  Yes, the clothing is usually pretty basic, but like I said it's a fair price and good quality.    My wife loves coming here because 1. she's Japanese and 2. she can actually find her size (as you'd imagined she's petite) and 3. they accept JCB.   To the complainers I say "don't shop here".  You're in NYC, there are 10,000 other places you can go to, walk down to Canal St or something, just stop your bitching. Wish they had a store in Atlanta, but I don't see it happening anytime soon.  I'll just continue making trips here when I visit my parents.  Oh, be warned, Uniqlo seems like it's always packed, always.  So if you don't like crowds you may want to rethink coming here.  However, if you're into Asian girls (or guys) this could be a good pick up place, but I wouldn't know.
Just like my first sip of Coca-Cola, my first taste of chocolate cake... Uniqlo has made my heart melt.   No more will I spend close to $200 on excellent fitting jeans when I can find them for $50 less in every shade of denim and style I can think of. Best of all for short people like me they alter them for FREE with the original look retained! I bought my first pair in Nov 2008 after my husband raved about their jeans and then just went back this weekend to buy another pair.  FIrst pair still looks new and I have washed them at least a dozen times already! In addition to jeans, you can the best value for excellent quality staples to  your wardrobe.  Uniqlo keeps up with trends while making it affordable.  I have purchased several merino wool and cashmere sweaters as well -- great for work and weekends.   Can't wait for the spring and summer collection!
I change my mind, I really enjoyed this store. I should have stayed longer, haha. It's basic, but fresh. H&M without all those 'ok, this has gone way too funky' designs.
Admittedly this place is not AMAZING.  The graphic tees and designer collaborations aren't amazing.  However, I LOVE their jeans.  Nothing has ever fit me better.  Just amazing.  They're way too long for me but I can always get them altered.  Also bought a great hoodie for $20!  Wonderful, wonderful!  I'm so sad that the basement is currently closed because that's where I get all of my cheap clothing xD  Lines for dressing room are ridiculously long though.
CLEAN RESTROOMS that customers can use! Which, as most natives understand, can be extremely difficult to find when entertaining in NY. This place is great in that it has great prices and the designs are much more colorful and attractive than what you will find at a let's say H&M.
I first fell in love with Uniqlo while in Japan. This store is the "Gap" of Japan. I love the simplicity of the clothes here. While the quality isn't superb, the prices are affordable and the quality is probably between Old Navy and Gap. It's not excellent, but it's decent for the price one would pay. For instance, I purchased two pairs of tights for under $5 dollars several months ago. One could easily buy a dress on sale here for around $20-$30 dollars or tank tops for under $10 dollars. One of my favorite staple items here are the tank tops. They come in variety of colors and styles. I love the lacy tops. They last pretty long and I still have some of the ones I purchased from 4 years ago. The sizes here are fairly extensive. It was one of the few stores that I comfortably fit into while in Japan. The clothing sizes are a big "bigger" than the typical stores that are catered for young folks such as Bebe or Guess. Like I said, clothing sizing similar to Gap's range. The store is great for basics with many solids and different styles for a variety of solid color choices. They have items for males and females and have a wide range of polos. The store could use more formal items, but they really are not known for that. They are known for simple basics in particular cotton clothing/wear. I love it when they have sales or clearance/"red" items because what is already cheap becomes cheaper. It's like the bargain bins at Old Navy or Macy's, but I believe the quality is better than Old Navy. Very organized, clean store. I wish they had one of these on the West Coast because I would def. be a frequent customer. Friendly customer service. Fairly fast service as well despite having to wait in line. I also love the ambiance of the store. It is huge with multiple stories (1st floor, basement, and 2nd floor) and the layout is excellent. Takes credit card! Cons: perhaps a bit difficult to find parking (it is NYC though), also can use more "formal" type clothes as an expansion of its current offerings.
Japanese Gap. If that's your cup of tea, this is a fun place. The clothes seem on the cheap side but so are the prices. The employees seem clueless though. Don't know much about their products.
this place is like an cooler h&m. i didn' have time to try anything on (and honestly i was overwhelmed by the sheer vastness of the store to even pick anything up) but their stuff looked cool/hip and at a reasonable price point. aside from the stylish basics, they have awesome umbrellas! i know that's a weird thing to care about, but seriously it's hard to find a cute affordable umbrella! the ones i found in april had pretty hooked handles and came in a bunch of colors/patterns for *under $10.50!* the staff is awesome too. i couldn't fly home to the west coast with the umbrellas as carry-ons so they shipped them to me and only charged me like $7 to fedex a bevy of umbrellas to sf. plus the woman who helped me (janice) was just nicer than nice. sweet!
Cool concept, though I daresay not any cheaper than H&M.  It's very crowded (obviously, given the time of year) but the design of the store with the floor to ceiling colorful cashmere is worth a look alone. Apparently Gwen Stefani likes Uniqlo too, because she was outside holding her little baby boy, who was dressed fashionably in a bear suit (the baby, not Gwen).
This has become my favorite store. I used to live really close and I made it a point to walk by. I pretty much ended up doing some shopping here every week! Other than the actual clothes and deals you find here, I have some negatives. I came here on a Wednesday evening and there are only like 2 registers open upstairs and downstairs. Meanwhile the line is INCREDIBLY long and the people trying to get their pants hemmed is only making it LONGER. I was buying ONE thing and was probably in line for 30 minutes, no joke. They need to think of a better way of doing this if they're not going to hire more people. Secondly, the reason why I would stop in here practically all the time is that their inventory turns over pretty quickly. So if you don't get a hot item right away it's pretty much gone forever. Sad. I was here two weeks ago and bought a shirt, and now there are ZERO. Not even a trace of them in the sale section! I had bought one for my sister and then decided later I wanted one of my own. Maybe this is the universe's way of telling me not to shop so much. Bummer.
Don't you love it when you pick up a bunch of great basics, some work-out clothes, cool printed t-shirts, and a sweater, only to find out that half of what you brought to the cashier is half-off!  This has happened to me both times I bought stuff from this Gap meets H&M meets a splatter of unique t-shirts, store. Don't walk-in expecting great quality. Just think--great service, a bit of fun, and decent prices. And above all, a must for stocking-up on basics and cute T(s).
pretty good basics when they go on sale.  i bought like 10 polo shirts for 9-14 bucks each.  sometimes the regular priced items are too much for what you get like gap or any of the big clothiers.
It's Japan's answer to H & M. Check it out and enjoy the floor to ceiling display of t-shirts, leggings, and tanks in every color imaginable... including chartreuse and fluorescent yellow. Let it be known that as I was browsing the shirts, I overheard a shopper complaining that there were more color choices in men's leggings than in women's. This was an interesting cultural moment for me and I had to ponder... Unfortunately my pondering conjured a disturbing, yet colorful, image of Men in Tights (with Japanese subtitles?).
So happy to find this place in SOHO. I had been missing it since I stumbled upon it on a trip to London a few years ago. Can only hope more shops open in the U.S. soon! (San Francisco, please?) It's perfectly priced for really well made basics. Great quality of fabrics and wonderful collections. Maybe they should open online retailing soon? Or maybe then the novelty would wear off? Either way, I'd be so pleased to see more of this Japanese-based retailed EVERYWHERE.
It's that time of the year again, when the +J line is going to open -- October 7th, 2010. I've been waiting for Jil Sander's fall line to launch. Last year, I bought several blazers (classical) and coats (asymmetrical zipper puffy coat with extended sleeves and a versatile double-breasted trench coat with a removable warm lining). Everytime I wear the trench coat, I receive many compliments from fashionistas. Her line typically costs anywhere between $1k-$3k, but at Uniqlo, these items are anywhere between $39-$159, plus in NYC you don't have to pay sales tax. Last, even though her line is made in China, her team is so skilled in construction that everything looks tailored. uniqlo.com/plusj/us/main…
awesome place. where can you get $25 jeans that look cool with free alterations? didn't have enough time to go through everything, but Uniqlo has great style & selection. their boys section rocks too and the PRICE!
I remember when this place use to be two separate stores with one on Broadway and the other on Greene. The new flagship is a massive three floor complex. Every time I walk by the wall of sweaters, it reminds me of all the colors found in a bag of skittles. The quality and price of the clothing is comparable to that of H&M.
This is one of my favorite stores. Uniqlo is very well organized with tons of friendly staff to help you out. It's always easy to navigate the store and find the size you want. I find that the overall quality, style, and price of the clothes here are much better than a similarly priced competitor, say H&M. The sales are great too: $12 oxfords and $10 knit sweaters. My favorite item at Uniqlo has to be their oxford shirts. For the price, they are unbeatable. A couple years ago a long sleeve oxford was only $20, but the price has recently gone up to $29. Nevertheless, it's still a great deal. So why only 4 stars and not 5? 1. The t-shirt sizes seem a bit off- they are boxy and large compared to other items of the same size. 2. They don't make a super skinny fit jean. 3. They don't replenish their inventory fast enough to keep up with the demand. But either way, go Uniqlo!
How can u not love a store that has t-shirts for $10 that dont fade when u wash them and they keep their shape! Great quality for the price. Great jeans too... Lots of basics ...great colors... Fun store to shop in!
ten dollar skinny jeans in several color options, score! got black and gray and i wouldn't be surprised if i came back for more. cute store with some pretty good deals! did i mention that the jeans are super soft?! really nice quality cotton!
Before I stumbled upon Uniqlo, I felt I was living in a hole because I was only doing my shopping in areas like Queens Center Mall, Union Square, and the chaos that is 34th Street/Herald's Square. Then one night my friend and I were wandering around SoHo and the colorful and trendy interior that is Uniqlo caught my eye, and my shopping life was changed forever. I went in and was pleasantly welcomed by a vast array of colors, more colors than you'd find at any Gap, Old Navy, H&M, or any other clothing store. It was like walking into a big rainbow! And the prices were crazy good -- where else in this city (or country?!) can you find a cashmere sweater for under $100 or a cashmere blend cardigan for $30? And no, these are not fake cashmere like those vendors around the block from you. This stuff is real. The clothes are all in American sizes, though the brand is Japanese, which is sort of annoying for me because I wear an XS in American sizes and that's always the hardest size to find when the prices are good. The XS fits me perfectly here, and though I came around closing time and was disappointed that I only had time to pick up a cardigan and sweater, I know that I will definitely be back to find more well priced, good-quality goodies for my wardrobe. As other reviewers have said, this place is more for basic sweaters, cardigans, and coats, not so much if you are looking for fancy stuff. But the cashmere -- oh I can't get over those prices! Their little "uniqlo" logo is really cute (and colorful!!), too. The interior is really beautiful - so beautiful that I could probably live in there. Maybe I should move to SoHo at least...
You can't hate Uniqlo. It's so nice. The quality of clothes are perfect, but they're expensive. If you can catch them on a sale or have enough money to splurge. I suggest you do. What's great about this place, are not only the helpful staff, but the basic items. You can find every sort of thing in every sort of colour and it's great! Also, if you're in the area, the bathrooms are free to use.
dear management: the quality of uniqlo's garments make me a frequent customer. just one request though. considering busy foot traffic in the store, please work on size replenishment? not all the world is a size L and XL.. :)
Uniqlo - a great source for T-shirts featuring Japanese Anime, consumer brands (from Kewpie Mayo to Kikkoman Soy Sauce to beer), to Jazz musicians, artists, and more. But what's amazing is that this Japanese chain clothing store (with only 1 location in the US) has a complete line up of clothes for men and women from basic undergarments to coats and accessories, with a high focus on using good quality fabrics and materials like 100% cotton, wool, merino wool, cashmere, linen yet keeping prices low. The prices are very competitive here. Bought a linen shirt here recently for $30; a very soft great quality 100% linen shirt that could go double the price at stores like Banana Republic and it came in many colors and patterns. A linen blazer for $70, unheard of. And also, since New York is a city with few public restrooms, make good use of their public bathroom located in the basement floor here.
Dear Uniqlo, You have made me a firm believe in jeggings because you've miraculously managed to: a) price them well within my still-trying-to-pay-off-college-loans budget ($20) b) make them extremely comfortable (I could spend an entire lazy Sunday lounging around in them, I kid you not) c) create a spectacular "it manages to squeeze everything in sans muffin top" fit... over the "do my legs look sausage-y in these?" effect that other leggings/jeggings have on these limbs Despite the pregnancy pants-esque garter waistband and faux front pockets, I am officially a stretchy pants convert a la: Phoebe: Joey!!  Those are my maternity pants! Joey: Nah-uh!!  These are my Thanksgiving pants!! Genius Uniqlo... GENIUS!
They have Keith Haring shirts!! Woo hoo. Inflation? Jeans here used to be $40 (as far as the women's go), went back today and found them $50 a pop. I blame the demand for oil. Although they do have a very appealing fall collection. Okay now go get your Keith Haring shirt.
Pros: -great cashmere products for men and women at a very reasonable price that hold up pretty well -you can get alterations on pants for either complimentary or $5 for original hem (although personally i do not like the fit of their pants for my body shape) -their things are pretty simple and minimal. no huge logos anywhere -there's something for everybody (man, woman, kids, baby) Cons: -I really miss their japanese sizing. I can no longer shop at uniqlo because everything looks disproportional to my body and i'm not that small, esp in new york where skinny people are the norm. -their tee-shirts shrink A LOT. i wear xs, but here i buy XL tee shirts and by the time you wash and dry them, they shrink like 5 inches and you all of a sudden look like a giant trying to fit into normal ppl clothes. -lastly, just the fit of their products doesn't seem to be working for me. also, their quality seems to be going down from a few years ago when they first opened in the US.
I love their quality and prices! I shopped so much when I went to NY. I really wish they let us shop online...
UNIQLO is a store full of basics, like heat resistant tights and leggings and tops as well as great long sleeve, short sleeve, pajamas, skiny jeans, jean leggings...Ok they have everything! I typically go for their jeans, tops, leggings basically everything. But make sure you try things on (as expected they won't let you try on leggings...that would be nasty) some of their stuff can be ill fitting (At least for me) such as dresses etc Looks like they are trying to make certain things higher end like suits etc.  I think I'll stick to my basics though.  I make sure to make a stop there every time I'm in Soho.
This two-story flagship store has a great design and funk to it.  While most other stores in SOHO also offer an ambiguous theme and style, this place does it with affordability in mind.  It's like Gap, but much cooler.  Prices range from cheap to affordable.  I often spotted people carrying the Uniqlo bags, and for good reason. They had a good selection of graphic tees, jeans, pajama tees and a very small collection of buttons ups and polos. For some reason the jeans feel like they have a different cut than American brands.  Because it's Japanese perhaps?  I tried on a lot of jeans and discovered that the crotch area was a bit tight.  Too snug for comfort.  I overhead another customer asking about this too.  I'm not lying!  Fortunately they have a huge array of sizes and cuts.  Once you find something you like, it'll be in your "to wear often" wardrobe. ___ I imagine that the Japan stores have more varied collections, but this is a place to go if you want to buy something you can actually afford.
UNIQLO is my place for basics, $4.90 tee shirts in a multitude of colors is what always draws me in. The Japanese retailer also always has a great selection of classic button ups, outerwear, and great pricing on very nice for the money denim. Also keep your eyes open for the UT tee shirt program with a great cast of worldwide illustrators and designers they have tapped into for these graphic tee shirts.
this is currently my favorite store for clothes shopping.  you can't beat the combination of good quality with an excellent price.  this place is the best for shopping the basic essentials, such as T-shirts, leggings and turtlenecks.  I think I'm addicted to this store.
AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING!  This store is about to become the next big thing!  The styles range from trendy to classic and the fabrication for the price is phenominal.  This Japanese outfitter is striking chords left and right with the Soho shopper and I won't be surprised if it opens several new doors over the next year.   The only beef I have with Uniqlo is that their selection runs out quickly and they go stock crazy on the full figured sizes.  I spent three weeks, on and off, of lunch breaks trying to track down a couple of $5 v-neck t's for my bf.  Unfortunately he's not a xxl, because our search would have proved plentiful the first 800 trips.   Be warned to try everything on because the sizing ranges: some things run true and some things run LARGE and in charge like the men's Ts.
When I'm looking for a simple piece to compliment my existing wardrobe, I head here.  I'm not into styles with too many colors, funky patterns or embellishments, so the selection here suits me well.   It's better to come here on a weekday than on a Saturday (hint: avoid).  I also like that they custom hem the pants and jeans that you buy.  Prices are reasonable and the quality is decent.
It's probably already been said, but you can get the best tees here for under $20.
with no uniqlo stores on the west coast, i make the dash into soho when i'm in NYC to get my uniqlo fix.  great prices, nice styles, good quality products make this store a must visit.  love the interior design of the store.  i'll reiterate: if you're ready to move on from H&M and American Apparel, give this place a try.
Hi - please open in SF so I can fill my closet with $19.90 Easy Fit Leggings in an array of fabrics and shades. Plus the free alterations with denim purchases to boot. That's all.
I'm torn about this store. I love it, yet  other times hate it. Granted, I always stop by here whenever I'm in the city, and end up walking out with a couple items.   The store offers good quality clothing at affordable prices. Love. Sometimes the designs are a little odd/no sizes/hard to find items.  Hate. The store is, as others have said, a Japanese version of GAP, H&M, Zara.  They have tons of great basics at good prices.  These items they have stacks/piles/mountains of all over the store.  However, if you're looking for something a little different, some of the styles are a bit more "out there".  I felt like there weren't too many in-between styles.  Plus, these items are much more limited in quantity.
Yes! Uncovered a slick black cotton blazer for under $100 here! I was quite happy with the purchase and I would have bought more junk but I didn't think I could fit them all in my bag.
I would give this place four stars but i just can't. i always come here to buy basics for my dad and some times for myself. I saw this merino cashmere sweater for 40 dollars and i thought wow this must be really great quality for the price. i bought two at once. since the day was chilly i put it on. after only like 2 hours of shopping i took it off at home and noticed that the sweater already had bumps on them. u know those bumps that come on shirts after a loooong time of wearing! i cant believe a 40 dollar sweater would have those after two hours only. so please be WARNED! do NOT waste ur money on their cashmere merino sweaters, the bumps come out. the next week i went to the place to return it and i explained to the cashier person what had happened. he didn't even want to listen to me, i thought stores like this would like to hear some customer feed back. but i guess they dont. so i wont be spending $ on their cashmere sweaters.
Oh Japanese GAP how I live thee! Decent quality clothes, excellent price/value ratio. Relatively cool style, basic stuff with that Japanese edge. Please stay in NY and don't come to San Francisco. San Franciscans are undeserved of your style and grace. Let the SFers live in H&M and the abominable AA. Let me have you as my little US secret while I avoid you with every visit to Japan.
Fashionable basics at great prices.  Cute; trendy tees that don't cost your first born; good selection of men's capri pants for the summer; and lots of other inexpensive but decent quality sportswear.  They also actually have some larger sizes (hint hint H&M, Zara, MNGO!) which shows they know not everybody is supermodel thin. Know your size though since it is ALWAYS packed and trying things on requires much more patience than I am willing to give.  Lines are ridiculous at the fitting rooms.  Lines to check out are equally ridiculous however they seem to move much faster (they DO want your money after all!).  Once the brand expands more to the US market and they open more stores the crowds may (hopefully) disperse a bit.
I loved the Uniqlo starter store better than this massive one.  Ah the good ole' days where I could get a quality cotton shirt for $5...  This big one is good, but no where as good as the basic staples available at Uniqlo stores in Asia.  Still the sales rack stuff is quite good and it's nice to have some variety in Soho shopping.
What's not to like about this place? Well made clothes for cheap bucks!!!
Uniqlo rocks my socks! How many stores sell good quality clothing for so cheap in an entire solid size run from xxs to xxxl? What a great store for picking up all your basics and the randomly cool t-shirts with unique designs on them? Unlike other low cost retailers you won't be finding any t-shirts with their own name emblazoned across the chest here.
as a lover of affordable (and good quality) fashion, i STILL don't know why the heck uniqlo won't want to give San Francisco, at least, one of their stores. SERIOUSLY! since i made the trip to NYC, i DO have to go here. ok, kids. everything well-spent from this store. i went crazy, let's just say. oh, funny thing was that before i came here, i was at MoMA in midtown..and across from MoMA, there was one of uniqlo branches... i was SOOO determined to go to SoHo for this particular branch..just cause it's SoHo, and it's a hot mess... shopping mecca, really! can't miss the hustle and bustle of SoHo. best buy i had: pure linen shirt! soo ready for spring/summer. UNIQLO, GIVE SAN FRANCISCO ONE OF YOUR STORES, thank you! xo
I love this place.  They have a lot of good deals on nice sweaters.  Their thermal shirts are really warm and comfy.
Not a bad place to pick up button downs. They run a little big, and the style tends to be conservative, but the quality and fit are way better than what you'd find at Ann Taylor's (and even Banana Republic). Beyond the occasional work shirt, I don't really get the appeal of this place. It's got a ton of stuff, but that tends to be along the lines of wall to wall solid color sweaters/shirts. It gets very very crowded; the foot traffic was a major turn off for me.
Great graphic tees with a toy inside the package. Solid work wear. Cheap cheap cheap cashmere sweaters! Cheap as is price that is, not the quality of the product.
I first found Uniqlo in Japan, so on my recent NY visit I was beyond excited to see this store. My wallet- not so much :) I love the clothing here- well made, inexpensive and very chic. It's a great place to pick up basics- jeans, tee shirts, slacks and blouses. I also found some cute leggings, a thin sheer white cardigan and some great scarves. The men's department has a ton of dress shirts, skinny ties, blazers and of course essentials as well. I'm a big fan of the Airism line of clothing. Be prepared to wait in line to try things on- but you can cheat and go upstairs to the men's fitting room for a shorter line. When I went in the air conditioning wasn't working- hopefully they remedy that before summer hits.
Definitely a fan of Uniqlo's jeans - they're super-long, but they custom adjust every pair they sell to you - for free!  There are some interesting punk/retro t-shirts and other designs from Japan and other locations that can catch the eye, and the prices aren't expensive at all.  I can pick up all kinds of casual wear here, aside from maybe shorts...  haven't found anything I've liked yet, here.
Nothing special here. Just another place overrated by trendy NY hipster zombies!
(-2) stars for not having enough "uniq" designs +2 star for mass producing "essential" clothes +2 star for same styles in all sorts of different colors I don't know why I come here sometimes, since I only end up buying umbrellas here. I can't ever seem to find clothes that I really like. I guess it's just not my style.
OMG they have online store, I am so broke! Free shipping if it's more than $100!!!  Love it!
finally, this is one place that has wooed me over. from the research, they're based only in Europe/are a Japanese brand, but NY is privileged to be the first center location in the States. what's so great about this place is that their skinny jeans have an "Asian fit" if something like that exists! when I went they were having $10 off all their different jeans, and boy, do they have jeans galore! they come in colors from yellow, bright blue, dark blue, navy blue, pastel blue, pink, red, beige, purple, black, etc. I think this color selection is great to contrast with all the dreary black peacoats New Yorkers wear, and all that other black stuff, and ya can't help it as a New Yorker, 'cos black is this state's official color, sorta. the store selection reminds me of a J.Crew but just with a little more edge. I got two pairs of pants.... one black and one purple =) I loove that they have different skinny leg pant hems such as the fitted and the "just skinny," or straight-skinny cut. I really love skinny jeans, because they're good for any body type! Best deal: they hem any pants you buy there free of charge. talk about Nordstrom's service for non-Nordstrom's prices. Go Uniqlo! Go on and build a location in Cali, now, please! I felt bad that my friends weren't all too into the store as me though =/ next time I gotta hit the discount boxes downstairs!
The jeans were way cheap and fit great but I'm not into the knitwear as much. It was kinda obvious not so great quality...I actually prefer aa. It is nice that they are open so late tho. One visit was all I needed...I'm glad I went but will not need to go back for a while.
Woo woo Uniqulo! I hate H&M and all that, but Uniqulo does it for me. Random thing is that I love their socks. They're super cheap (3 for $10) and awesomely comfortable. Prices here are very affordable and they have pretty good quality for what you pay for. Also, awesome store design/layout. The same firm that did Uniqulo, does Bape and BBC, which are known for their crazy store designs. All in all, sweet store with nice, affordable clothing.
Went to the SOHO store.  Love love love the $59 100% cashmere sweater.  If you have not been there yet RUN over there and buy cashmere sweaters they are running out of sizes. The quality is as good as it gets for the price.  It is better than H&M in terms of quality for sure. I'm pretty skinny and I never got the universal comment about how over sized their clothes are.  My sweaters fit nicely.
This store makes me think of a Japanese version of American Apparel. Most of the designs are rather plain - or plaid. I give it credit for having seemingly higher quality goods and many cashmere items.
the prices are fair and cheaper than most other places. the store is the equivalent of an Asian version of gap. the clothes range from xs to xxl, so chances are good that anyone can find a proper fit.
Being a cheapskate you don't normally go to SOHO to find men's clothes, but UNIQLO works for me. Great place pick up some essentials. Walls full of socks, shirts, and underwear. They've also has some breathable first layers that i'm looking forward to use during snowboard season. I hope they open one up in Los Angeles soon.
Besides the simple, inexpensive clothes (not the Tshirts with tats), I like the glass wall behind the cashiers that reveals the next-door building's brick walls. Go on a weekday if you can.
Y'know, 2 years later, visiting this store... it's still a bargain for basics, but a few things have changed... 1. It's December. Why is there only 1 style of down jacket (crazyshiny with big balloon shape) available for women? I know there's more hanging there, but honestly they all look the same on me when I try them on. 2. Basics aren't quite so basic anymore. There's often "loud" contrast piping on the collars. 3. Did all the women's sweatshirts disappear? 4. The sale section is cleaner but there are less good finds there (no more rampant $5.99 deals; most are $14.99 and above). 5. The cashmere quality doesn't feel as nice. 6. The fleece either got thinner OR thicker. The medium weight is hard to find in plain colors (although, this season, there seems to be an excess of technicolor plaid fleece. OK, I'm from California, this is way too hit-or-miss trendy to wear in the North Face fashion-dominant East Bay) 7. Fitting rooms seem to have gotten shabbier. Same with the restrooms. 8. I know it's December, but I thought there were still a few tshirts available at this time. Where did they all go? A few other things I wish would change: - please make your heat tech scoop neck tee longer. I'm 5'2" and it rides up above my belly button. Unattractive and inconvenient; I'm trying to protect mankind from certain unseemly sights... - $12.50 for a sleep camisole is (still) not cheap - The layout of the store is conducive to excess people traffic. - A few other styles in addition to medium rise skinny jeans. While they may fit some people, they also remind me of the jeans I wore in 5th grade. In the 80's. Especially the colored pastel ones. That's not a good thing. And a few things that have remained the same or improved, thankfully: 1. You still have those $7.90 small umbrellas, which is a moderate deal. 2. Hemming in 2 hrs, not 24... 3. Open until 9, not 8... 4. Expanded office wear, with heavier weight blazers. Prices aren't that cheap, but at least you can look like a Japanese flight attendant. Noteworthy: The fleece, long down jacket, and down vest (all of which are not available anymore) have held up quite well after 2 years of laundry abuse. I'm hard on my clothes, but they're still looking decent (not new or old). Boyfriend's cotton tshirts, socks, & boxers (all good deals) also holding up well - no ugly pit stains, wrinkling, tears, threading, and mild thinning of fabric after 2 years of daily wear. Cool. Therefore: I still managed to squeeze in 2 trips on my short NYC trip dragging my boyfriend through it all (including through that blizzard!). So I guess Uniqlo still has my business...
This is the only clothing store I visit every few months. I get many wardrobe staples here. I LOVE their underwear -- it's cotton, so it's comfortable, but it's also lacy and pretty. I can find inexpensive staples (flannels, shirts, hoodies, dresses). Unluckily, their jeans don't really fit me. There are some more pricey items -- nice button-downs and sweaters -- that I will splurge on occasionally as well. Great also for tights, leggings, socks, and umbrellas.
UNIQLO is the Gap of Japan. Store is overflowing with lots of clothes for men, women and children! Everytime I've been to the store its PACKED beyond belief...  Definately a must for me when I'm in NY... my only complaint is that this store is TOO HOT!!! Like if there's thaaaaaat many shoppers in the store please turn UP the AC!!! So be warned or just wear a tank top when you shop in here...its hooooot in herrrrrrreeee... PS. I heard they're opening a SF location... can't wait!
One of my favorite clothing stores in NY! I was so happy to see the pop-up shops that started here a little over a year ago. This was another of our great discoveries on our trip to Tokyo some years ago. I still have, and often wear, a fleece jacket I bought back then, and that was about 5 years ago! Here in NY, I've built about 25% of my closet from Uniqlo finds, from jackets and coats to simple Tshirts to nice clothes I wear when I'm out for a girls night. I don't like everything they sell, but I find enough that I do like. Underwear and socks are also a good deal. My friends in CA are so jealous that we have this store here, they can't wait to come visit so I can take them shopping at Uniqlo!
A place like this feeds my inner metrosexual. Enjoyed the skinny cuts of their sweaters...they fit and looked damn fine (on me, not just the mannequin). Not the most fashion forward, but I love the feel of the fabric and the colors. Classic cuts and colors. I'll take uniqlo over the Gap. Please come to New England!
Uniqlo is the new GAP.  Great for basics.  Better quality than H&M.  Best place to get an unbelievable silky, feather light down jacket that doesn't look like something from the LL Bean catalog.   Wish they would open a store on the West Coast.
It was a little weird to see the Japanese love of Mickey Mouse shoveled up in such a big display by the front door.  Seems like Mickey might seem like kind of a fun, ironic thing to put on when you're in the store surround by all that "hipanese" (hipster + Japanese?) energy, but once you're outside that setting you'd just be a dork in a Disney Store shirt.   Still UNIQLO is big enough to offer so much more.  Didn't buy anything so I can't tell you how it holds up, but I did enjoy looking around.   Stuff I like: The anime T-shirt wall:  I really wanted a PEN-PEN shirt from Eva (Yes, I = Dork) but they only offered it in that rust-red most Caucasians, including me, can't pull off. The sizes:  I struggle to find T-shirts skinny enough for my little frame.  While I quickly figured out that I would have trouble shopping for long sleeved things at UNIQLO because of my longer than normal arms, the T-shirts don't have that problem and seemed like they would fit my skinny than normal body.   Hopefully UNIQLO will like selling in New York enough to come to San Francisco.  We are sick of American Apparel, and you know what--you all can take H&M back.  It's useless!
I was so excited to come here because I LOVED the store in Ginza.  But unfortunately the NY flagship store is laden with basics and did not carry the more trendier pieces I had found in Tokyo. If you love this store on Broadway, save money for a trip to Tokyo to see what UNIQLO is really about.
H&M and American Apparel but better quality. I found this place to be spacious and easy to get around 7pm on a Thursday night. Wood floors and things were easy to find and not sloppy. Staff was helpful.. I am very petite.. 4'11 and 115 but I have curves so about a 2-4 in clothes.. they assisted me with finding the right style in jeans for me and they offer free alterations! Picked up 2 hats, a cashmere sweater under $30 and long wrap cardigan on sale for $12?, a cute funky shirt, and jeans and spent $107 dollars. Staff had a great personality and some good pointers and seem to care about their customers.
I give this place a FOUR because of the crowds. It's a tourist attraction. Try to come here on a weekday mid-day. It's a lot more enjoyable than weekends. You actually have room to browse. I come here for basics much like everyone. I like their basics fit me fairly well and are of nice quality. I noticed that some of their pants and Heattech stuff items received a 20% price increase in the past 2 years. I've never had anything altered here so I don't know the service about that. The last time I was here, it was during the grand opening sale and it was so crowded. The employees are the same as usual; some are glad you assist you and others who can care less. Sizes run out quickly on items that aren't available year-round like cotton cardigans. I always grab them when I see them because I know if I miss my chance, the next week they would be gone completely. I wear their XS which actually fits really nicely without stretching out by the end of the day like a lot of other basics from other stores/brands. It's so decently priced as well! Their clothes are a bit long though, not sure why though. Their stuff aren't as high quality this year though but it's still superior to other places that offer basics at the same price. I'm writing this review mainly for their Heattech items. It's snowing today in NYC in October and the heat isn't on. I'm in a small room that is a walk-in closet to some with 5 windows that have drafts with the door close, it's safe to say that I'm freezing. My room is at least 10 degrees colder than the rest of the house. It's 33 degrees outside. I started out wearing pajama bottoms tucked into my Heattech socks with a comfy cotton tee underneath a sweatshirt with a fleece vest on. I was freezing for hours. Then I finally realized that I had some new Heattech stuff freshly washed in my closet. I'm now wearing in addition to what I was wearing before a long sleeve Heattech shirt and Heattech leggings tucked into my socks instead of the pajama pants without the fleece vest. I'm warm now. I'm seriously warm. Seriously, I wasn't a big believer in their Heattech wear until today. I'm sold. Stock up on their Heattech items whenever it's on sale and if you dread the cold and hate bulky clothing in the winter, I suggest you pay full price if you miss the sales, it's so worth it. I finally understand why people grab this line whenever I go to Uniqlo though. It's amazing how warm I am now compared to when I didn't have these items on. Dang. If you are prone to cold feet in the winter, definitely try their Heattech socks. It's really warmer than any other socks. Oh, their cashmere isn't as warm as I would like them to be. It's still warmer than any other sweater though. Their sales are amazing if you catch them. This store isn't for everyone like any other store. It doesn't try to be the store for everyone. If you are more eclectic, this store would be terribly boring for you. This store is mainly just basics and a ton of it in mainly colors with some fashionably pieces every once in a while through collaborations. I come here for staples and the fact that I'm a pretty basics girl. I love the prices and the quality but I hate the crowds. I haven't been to the other two locations though but I do prefer this location just based on the fact it's technically not as crowded based on its location.
It is both a blessing & a curse that there is only one UNIQLO in the United States. Blessing because my bank account balance would be in the negative, curse because I can't stuff my closet with the store's contents (Minneapolis wasn't the "chosen one" as far as location goes). Reminiscent of H&M, the store is trendy, known to bring in designers to create custom lines & chock full of quality basics in any color. Prices are moderate, but sizing runs small. (It is a Japanese store though, so I'll forgive them.) I fell in love with the rainbow selection of tights & a red felt beret that found a home in my closet. I love this store.
They offer free tailoring within one hour!!! Prices are great for basics we all need, and the quality is better than American Apparel (read thicker materials - unless you like flimsy long sleeves).
Come here if you want to get some basic wear for reasonable price. I find it hard to get size sometimes, as a lot of larger sizes are typically available. It's not bad to get 2 work skirts and a shirt for $60bucks!
always find tons of clothes i want to buy here.
This place is incredible! Huge variety, excellent styles, and amazing prices. Men's on the top floor, ladies and the special tailored line on the ground floor (along with a small section of men's featured items in the front), and women's and other items downstairs. Because of the Japanese sizing, Uniqlo is great for small guys. They have XS sizes in the men's department, which means shirts actually fit a smaller guy with a 32 to 35 inch chest. They also have a range up to XL, with plenty of variety for normal sized American dudes too. I love their underwear, their t-shirts, and their jeans. They have great sales - often, as another Yelper said, cheaper than you'd think the raw materials even are - and excellent stylish and trendy fashions. From work clothes to workout clothes and everything in between, Uniqlo has it, and has if for a good price. The employees are helpful, and if the line at the register is long, take a deep breath - it's worth the short wait. Clothes are added regularly so a trip back every month would definitely provide new things to look at. Love this place. 5 stars!
Uniqlo is the Japanese love child of H&M and The Gap.  A bit more expensive than H&M but definitely more conservative a la The Gap.  I was a little surprised at the ridiculous amounts of polo shirts.  Do people really wear polos anymore?  Not this gal, thats for sure. I would love to go back when I can try on pants.  There were a lot of jean options, which makes me feel like there might possibly be something that would fit me.  I was way too lazy for that one yesterday.  However, I did score a few cheap belts.  They have a pretty excellent selection in that department. Three stars because I was expecting it to be a little less preppy.  There is potential here.  Extreme potential...  Hmm, looks like I might have to plan another trip back to NYC.  Yup, life is hard.  Real hard.
There was a lot of hype when this store came to Manhattan.  It is a store with a lot of plain colored items.  Somewhat like a nicer American Apparel.  Nothing here really made me Yelp.  I tried on a wrap sweater and a button down shirt that could have been cute but was kind of boring.  The fabric is kind of cheap to match the prices, however the prices aren't cheap enough to buy.  I would say come occasionally and browse to find something if you can.  The store is well organized so if you find a nice thing or two, great, however, it is nothing to write to Yelp about.  If you are fortunate to live around one of these, it might be good for a wardrobe staple or two.  I can find more interesting things to Yelp about.
Hailing from the SF Bay Area, I was quite familiar with American Apparel, H & M and Gap.  Uniqlo was a wonderful surprise compared with those stores, particularly H & M and AP.  The clothes were inexpensive, but in my opinion much better made.  They are casual and simple, but unlike H & M will remain wearable after many washings and one season, and unlike AP, will fit people who are over 25 and not skinny!  A good place to buy basics.
.....I'd heard so much.....then I visited and realized this place falls somewhere above H&M but below American Apparel in terms of quality.....really disappointing and the prices really aren't all that good for something largely considered "disposable."   Sorry, but I'll invest in quality clothing that lasts.
This place is pretty sweet. Its like Japanese American Apparel but cheaper and better quality.  Really soft t-shirts and $20 well-made skinny jeans...to bad they didn't have my fat ass size :( We played with the little yellow robot. It doesn't understand English very well. We asked it questions from the suggestions board but he thought we were insulting him so he replied with "don't say things like that to me!" He calmed down enough for me to take a picture with him...he even posed. The Uniqlo robot is cute, but a long way off from actually being able to help customers...
This place reminds of GAP and is always crowded. I don't blame them for they are the only shop in the US right? Correct me if I'm wrong. I go here every time I'm in NY to see if I can pick up any items that's is different. Their price is reasonable and quality doesn't lack. They always have some promotion, last I went was their heattech stuff.
100% perfect. all the fits are great. the mens skinny jeans aren't too tight, and aren't too loose. they fit right just where they should. the medium sized shirts suggest that they also understand the concept of "smedium."  i'm caught between the small and medium everywhere else but their medium has a great slimness to it while the sleeves aren't too long or baggy. maybe i'm just built like a japanese dude? also, the best part is the price. you can not find better quality for the amount of money you are going to spend.
Christmas shopping pandemonium - everyday. Rude fellow shoppers, tight aisles, uncomfortably warm inside, long fitting room lines, and filthy restrooms. All this aggravation for some mildly affordable - sweat shop quality attire. In NYC of all places people should recognize time is money. Might be wise to ask the staff when the slow day is.
OMG, UNIQLO. I love you! I started my affair with you in Tokyo, slept with you again in Hong Kong, had a one night stand at your old store in Manhattan, and am in love with your new location! Great prices and quality and definitely gives GAP a run for the money. You too H&M. And you American Apparel. Open one up in SF ASAP!
I'm much smarter this time, and planned my trip here on a weekday before the weekend when it gets all crazy.  I love this store and am so glad I discovered this back in 2005 in Hong Kong.  The basics are affordable and are not cheaply made.  This is quality stuff here!  Coming from Houston, TX, it's always hot and humid so I definitely snagged a few (more like 5) of their dry polos and a lux dry tank (just one bc $12.50 is kind of pricey for a plain tank).  I have enough polos, but I sure wished I grabbed more tanks!  The dry fabric is truly amazing.  Think Nike dri-fit but at half the cost.  The styles here are great for men.  Lots of linen shirts and shorts which are quite trendy and will keep you cool for the summer.  This is always one of my first stops whenever I'm in New York.
What we have here is the Japanese Gap.  It is objectively better than the American Gap.  For one thing, a small is a small, not a medium.  For another thing, there's no epaulets on cardigans, at least not the last time I looked.  It's pretty much the only clothing store in the city at which shopping isn't strictly 'aspirational' at this point in my life.
Uniqlo is all they say it is- I second Carmen Y.'s review below: Please come to SF! We need you!!! Love, Allison M.
I dig it! I'm a sucker for basic (some say boring) clothing: plain tees and jeans. This place has every color imaginable in excellent prices. They have other cute basic pieces such as jackets, cords, dresses, sweaters, etc. I enjoy stopping by whenever I'm in NYC to pick up more basics (because you can never have enough!). I love how organized this store is too! They have walls and racks neatly filled with clothing, guys on one side, gals on the other. I'm part Japanese, so I find it very cool that they sell Kimonos! And there's a clean restroom here too, which was a life saver when I was last there on a crowded, humid summer day!
This store is awesome...and its so huge!  Bright colors everywhere, wool and cashmere blends galore.  Reminds me of a lacoste store, american apparel, banana, and forever all combined into one.  For such a big store with so many people inside, this place looked spotless.  wow.
dangerous vortex!
This place is super rad!   On my list of priorities whilst I was on vacation was to visit Uniqlo.  This store is super huge and I wanted to buy everything in sight... I really wish they had a Uniqlo in SD but we all can dream, can we?
Rainbows of sweaters, tshirts and pants, oh my! In a city full of overpriced tshirts and basics, it's good to know that Uniqlo will be there to restock my wardrobe and leave me with money in the bank. There's always a good basic on sale, like $20 dresses, which is waaay better in quality than a similar dress I have from american apparel and Brooklyn Industries. The store itself is beautiful. Pretty clean and organized. It's an easy place to shop. Love love love!!
My, what a difference 3 years makes. The amount of people shopping in the NY Uniqlo has more than tripled since the last time I was there. Crazy hectic but I love the addition of the Jil Sander collection downstairs (you could miss this if you mistake this for being the women's changing area). Great promos going on right now, so take advantage of it while it lasts!
UNIQLO has a fab clothing that's well made at great prices.  The +j Jill Sander collection so put Coop on my B list. But what l like best about UNIQLO is its outstanding customer service. When it first opened, we were all like, "Yeah, right, how long before retail stupidity+rudeness as usual?" But somehow that never happened. I don't know how they do it, but...let's hope for the best for Jun Takahashi.
I love Uniqlo for the anime tees, cheap dress shirts, and the underarmour like undergarments. The mediums go fast in this place and the crowds get wild during busy weekends. Store design, customer service and layout are also superb.
Uniqlo is great when you don't want to spend a whole lot on your essentials. Their jeans fit great and they have a great selection. Not only that, but they have free alterations and you don't have to wait a week to get your new jeans either. They are ready in like 1-2 days! I am also a big fan of their Heat Tech line because it doesn't stretch out and look worn by the end of the day. It clings to you without looking really tight. I'm not sure if it warms you up so to speak but it is definitely a tight knit so it helps to keep the heat in. My only qualm with these shirts is that they absorb smells very easily so it wouldn't be something that I would wear to have Indian food or Korean BBQ unless if you want to smell like curry or Kim Chi.
My first Uniqlo shirt was brought to me by one of my friends from Tokyo a few months ago.  That was very exciting.  Almost as exciting was finding out that there's a Uniqlo RIGHT HERE ON B'WAY in Soho!!!  Yeah, I've NEVER left there empty handed.  I just can't.  Even as I write this I'm thinking of things I wanted that I'll have to go back and get.
uniqlo i love you but i do not want to look like a hypercolor easter egg this spring. please. i live in new york. i like dark colors. i like asian culture and all but really meet me somewhere half way.
It's big, it's basic, and it's affordable. Most of the items I buy here are comfortable and well made, but there are some items there that are crappy materials and awkward in fitting. They have an awesome huge bathroom downstairs basement level which is definitely good to know if you're in a bind. The staff here is very friendly when it's not so busy, but when it gets busy they can be a tad bit cold. Tip: I'd avoid this place on the weekends, they have very good store hours so it's possible to come here on a week day after work.
Having visited various UNIQLO stores around the world, I would have to say that this particular location was the largest, best-stocked, well-maintained, and cleanest of them all. What didn't fly well with me was the claustrophobic-inspiring mass of f.o.b.s, yuppies, and hipsters that literally occupied every square-inch of occupiable floor space.  I felt like I was suffocating in a humid, less-than-pleasant, sodden cloud of re-re-respired carbon-dioxide; clawing my way through L's, XL's, and undesirable color schemes in an attempt to find something closely resembling what I usually buy from UNIQLO. Don't get me wrong; UNIQLO is my absolute favorite when it comes to apparel.  I just don't enjoy shopping under gas-chamber-like conditions.
I'm not a fan of the t-shirts.   They're good but just too basic, which I could get somewhere else.  I've seen better Merino wool elsewhere.  The flannel shirts are not impressive but the outerwear is okay.  Their affordable cashmere is cool.
cool shop, tons of unique tshirts
H& WHO? Skip the nearby H&M; Uniqlo is where it's at.  The vibrant prism of neatly-folded polos that greet you as you walk into the store just makes the world seem like a better place.  The t-shirts are reasonably priced and make me look and feel more stylish than I really am.  Shh! All that and they have a clean bathroom....seriously, where are you supposed to pee in NYC these days if you can't find a Starbucks?
UNIQLO is hands-down my favorite place to pick up a main staple of my "uniform": black t-shirt dresses.  The fabric, cut and price make it a no-brainer.  They have a lot of awesome mangaka designed t-shirts, one of which I own that is the softest t-shirt ever.  If you come on a Saturday, be prepared with your phone, sudoku or novel to endure the long lines that are at each and every check-out station - hence only 4/5 stars. Their tights are amazing and come in various lengths and are decent in price.  For quality and all-around awesomeness, UNIQLO is my go-to for closet staples.
Well I usually don't care for shopping, and let me just say that this is a Japanese owned clothing stores, so everything you get for your size is like 1 or 2 sizes smaller.  Came here over the summer with some friends from out of time, it is a very trendy spot. So a lot of the clothing that my friends were looking for weren't really there.  I came here on a previous trip to purchase a yukata that was on sale. Learned of the sale from Maria M. So yep.. if you want to purchase from a Japanese company, this place is worth a visit.
minus the fact they no longer had any cardigans in the store, i really liked this place. imagine if american apparel were larger and with a better selection, and then you'd have uniqlo. i sort of got in with some of the employees who ended up really helping me out by skipping the insanely long lines for the dressing room and such. without that, this place is inundated with all sorts of people, and you'll end up in line for everything - dressing rooms and check-out lines. if you're looking to get some swank gear that not everyone on your street is wearing (ahem, american apparel), then this is your joint - especially since this SOHO shop is the only US store in the nation. the interior design is clean, the space is open, and the racks are pretty well stocked considering thousands of people are rummaging through them constantly. i quite liked the lexan case of mannequins with colored lightsticks as you walk in.
Why I love Uniqlo: It satifies both my nerdy and corporate casual needs. Where else can you get a sparkly Astro Boy silhouette tee, a Dalmation adorned turtleneck co-designed by Shiina Ringo, and all the basic camisole + polo shirt + khaki combos in the rainbow and then some? Exactly. The only time I've ever been unhappy in this store was the time that I dropped my favorite eyeliner brush on the bathroom floor, but it didn't matter because I had a sweet ass Dalmation shirt that only cost me $5. I've been a little apprehensive about the pants because jean shopping is always a nightmare for me. But looking at some of these other reviews, I think I'm going to take the plunge next time. :)
I vow to never ever come here on the weekends again. The line for the dressing room took 45 minutes, and the registers were extremely understaffed. I can't bear it. But, I LOVE LOVE LOVE the cool t-shirts they have. Some of my favorite pieces of clothing come from here, and I love spending next to nothing on them. Otherwise, like everyone else has said prior, UNIQLO is a mutation of American Apparel and H&M.
I have to admit that I assumed this store was too 'preppy' for me so I never really gave it a chance.. that is until now.  I happened to walk into Uniqlo with my sister this past weekend and I was so surprised at the quality of the jeans.  I have a hard time finding jeans that fit my body shape... i LOVE the midrise waist vs. popular low rises.  For $40, you get a very nice pair of jeans that will last you for a while.  They all come in the length of 33 so they offer free hemming.  Some of the tops weren't too much my style, but there was definitely a nice selection of light jackets and blazers you can wear for the spring.  The store in SoHo was super hot though, the place is crazy packed and you're sweating inside just walking around.  I'm very thankful to have finally found a brand for all my skinny/bootcut jeans!
went back again and bought some more jeans.  tried to get my items shipped to minneapolis.  it took about 30 min. to figure out how to do that.  awful.
After discovering this gem in Hiroshima, Japan in '02, I always search for a Uniqlo wherever I go.  After walking to dinner in greenwich village I saw a uniqlo shopping bag and quickly googled it.   This 3-story store is huge.  They have the basics to very stylish clothes and at really affordable prices.  They have clothes for men and women so everyone is happy.  When you walk in the middle floor is women's, upstairs is men's and the "basement" is where they have deals.   The must buy: basics, dresses, and underwear. Love, love, love this store.
It's now Summer 2010. I am in desperate need of work polos some summer wear. Went to the GAP, Old Navy and H&M, found nothing for myself. Went to Uniqlo, found what I want - but not in my size =_=; Sigh. Well after digging around I was able to get some polos (that were from Japan I guess so I had to get them 1 size larger.) A cute tunic was also available. No weird odor from any of these so maybe this was just an issue with the 2 items I had purchased earlier this year... I don't know why it's so difficult to find plain old work clothes in NYC...that don't cost an arm and a leg. It's like you gotta blow your wallet if you want decent stuff, otherwise you get all sorts of weird cuts, and patterns and crap not appropriate for business casual at these other stores.
Their dry luxe shirts are perfect for keeping cool in the summer! Wear them under your clothing to wick away sweat and stay fresh in the heat.  I LOVE UNIQLO - all four seasons!!!
cheap. love the stuff there.  would buy all my layering clothing there if i lived in new york!
WUDDUP BLACK OVER THE KNEE SOCKS. can't beat $10.50 for TWO pairs of OTK socks. you can't. i dare you. you can't.
This has got to be my favorite Japanese clothing store. I first saw this store in Hong Kong and thought it was very similar to Gap, so I didnt buy anything. Then I saw it again in Seoul, Korea. I tired on a pair of jeans and loved the fit. Once I got back to America, I looked up where in the US they had Uniqlo and found it the one and only location is in SoHo - of course 3000 miles away. Came back and bought a couple pair of jeans. This should last me till the next time I hit up Asia - hopefully August 2010 =)
i dont see what all the hype is about. all the ADs i've seen for this store was advertising 10 dollar jeans and when i got to the store that was probably the cheapest thing they had! everything else was way more expensive. also, because its so talked about it gets SUPER crowded and that definitely ruins the shopping experience for me! I think i can wait till this store gets to CA to check it out again
i love their store. those revolving mannequins at the door are way cool. its another great place for cheap basics. they have some really chic womenswear. im so jealous they get like philip lim, alexander wang, lutz and patmos collaborating for their women's clothing. at least mens got alexandre plokhov (cloak).
I actually like uniqulo. The quality is slightly better than h&m's in my opinon. Being a cheap-o myself, the heat tech shirts are worth the 10 bucks its asking for. but its weird that they;re charging the same price for the tank tops and the long sleeved shirts. I thought I can never afford the cashmere shit that they have until they recently placed (and maybe temporarily) a "final sale" rack down stairs. Its for the clothing that they found to be stained when they were un-boxing things I guess. I got a cashmere sweater for 20 bucks! Its got a stain on it but nothing too critical. Another sweater had a huge dark stain on the elbow. But mine was barely noticeable. Yey for clearance shites!
the US has Forever 21, Sweden has H&M and Japan has UNIQULO. This place is great! Not only does it sell great basics and trendy clothing items at affordable prices, but they sell a wide variety of clothes from lingerie, nightwear, casual, and contemporary. The prices are great and affordable and the variety of sizes are great for asian people who tend to have smaller frames.   The place was packed with people the display at the front of the store was amazing. A class was in there studying the layout of the store so that says something about the store. It's a must go especially since their marino wool sweaters are only 40 bucks, but when I went it was on sale! WOO HOO!
I used to go shopping here in Japan, because it was the "cheapest" place to buy clothes. Now that its in NYC...not so cheap anymore! Well, I guess its decently priced for 100% cashmere items? But really, who needs all those cashmere sweaters, in every shade possible? Non-cashmere clothing is pretty cool...This place rocks for jackets and coats.
this store in different! dat said i went to this store with excitement! i had seen many posters of uniqlo and i a way i was being forced to go by all the advertisement! the location of this store is amazing! the moment i went there were people to greet me! gooooood customer service! the clothes were okay and the jeans which were $10 were good! its not an amazing store but worth 1 visit! great marketing technique!
I love Uniqlo stores and their brand policy. They always clean, organized and look fresh. It's easy to shop for good quality fashionable cloth. All garments are sorted by sizes. And they always carry xs size which is hard to find among other brands.
I'm a bit underwhelmed by Uniqlo.  After seeing their cute, flashy bags just about everywhere, and hearing my roommate rave for months about their great "basics" I hopped into Uniqlo this afternoon for the very first time. Their variety of t-shirt and tank top colors just wasn't wide enough (it's not!) and everything I tried on was fine, but I prefer to do better than fine. I found a super comfy, yet chic, fleece skirt to wear with my knee boots, but the pockets on the front make the shape, while on, a bit...odd. Tomorrow I will return a shirt I've second guessed.  Maybe second time will be the charm for Uniqlo. I just don't know. Edit:  So I returned the shirt and got a few other things.  While looking for herringbone tights, I saw all they had out were L/XL so I asked two employees about them.  One was quick to reply with a no they dind't have any in size S, while the other took a look in the inventory and found not herringbone tights, but something patterned and similar.  I was grateful that the second employee cared enough to look--and they were only $1.99!  Great find on a faux zebra belt for 19.99 (marked down). I wanted to buy a vest, but was disappointed to see they were $39.99. All in all, I still wish their selection in both size (they didn't have any size S white tank tops) color range and style.
One of my must shop @place...Too bad it's the only UNIQLO store in the U.S. I wish west coast had more of this kind of store. F21 is so overrated and H&M is becoming played out.
This was my favorite store in New York.  I came here in the wintertime, and I was glad to find an affordable selection of sweaters and jackets.  Cashmere sweaters were somewhere in the range of $50-70 (I honestly can't remember anymore because it was a year ago).  Good for basics and layering.
this store is HUGE, never ending and full of comfort. the clothes are simple and appear to be of good quality. the prices are reasonable as well. the downside? the continual repetition of the same old clothing through-out the store - do i really need to see the same cashmere sweater 20 times? perhaps i do. perhaps i need to have it imprinted in my mind so i will buy it. but i didnt. instead i got a pair of perfectly tailored black pants that were on sale for $14. however, the fabric choice wasn't ideal and every dust particle gets stuck to them. but they look amazing and fit like a glove. the staff reminds me of a pixar movie - holy crap are they ever so cheerful and friendly! and they are featured where-ever you go yelling about how POSH and CHIC and COMFORTABLE these clothes are. "GIRLS YOU WILL LOVE OUR JEGGINGS, LIVE & SLEEP IN THEM!. I can't count how many times I cracked up in this store and how many minutes upon minutes i wasted. but i have to say i scored some nice, simple, monotone threads - just the kind i like.
The one that started it all for me... Went here a few years ago and didn't know what the store was...they had a robot speaking japanese to you which was cool. the clothes i thought were nice, but wasn't too fond of the "simple" aesthetics. Fast forward, they begin to push the boundaries with some graphic t-shirts, color patterns, etc. but remained on the simple and clean lines. As my style matured, i began to truly appreciate Uniqlo's philosophy and i was hooked. I'm on the thin side so their sizing (asian males inspired) was much more flattering than typical american brands which was difficult finding XS clothes. This location was pretty decent until i frequented the flagship and midtown stores. It gets pretty hot on the second floor and the aisles are much tighter too, but they are well staffed and things get re-folded at a decent rate. The dressing room for men does get crowded depending on the time, so be sure to take multiple items if you are trying things on. Staff are on point at check out and continue to be friendly despite a busy store.
I love the prices here and the aesthetic of the overall design, both the physical space and the clothes. Hard to find as good a quality of v-neck shirt for $4 anywhere else. Though most of the clothes are without embellishment, they do have a good number of t-shirts with wacky stuff like 80s video game art. For me, this place has completely replaced the overpriced Urban Outfitters for everything but the most kitschy hipster crap, if for some reason I need something for halloween. It's also the only place I've seen XS men styles.
Uniqlo is one of my favorite clothing shops. Their heattech line is an absolute must in the winters. They work so well for me that I only wear the sleeveless version while in the office. I throw on a sweater and coat when I'm walking to and from the station. There are heattech leggings, scarves, long johns, etc. You're bound to find something right for yourself. December is the best month to stop into Uniqlo. They have their weekly holiday promotions! Last week was the sale on heattech stuff, this week is fleece and cashmere. Best of all, they're so well stocked that they never run out of sizes or colors. Go now before the sale ends!
Don't understand the hype for this place either. To me, it is just the Japanese version of H&M. Cheap clothes with bad textured fabric. They do have wonderful print ads but again, just one of those stores that are hyped because it's foreign.
Line management here during lunch and after work hours is awful. They really need more staff members to step up when the line to pay is out of control - I've never even seen their 34th street flagship store get so bad and I've gone holiday shopping there... The only reason I do enjoy this one more is because this area is more conducive to my shopping tastes than Herald Square is and I feel as if I'm usually more successful in finding my size here...their selection also seems more eclectic and well organized than other Uniqlos, But the lines here when there are like 10-15+ people and about 1-2 cashiers at best make for a really negative shopping experience. I shouldn't have to feel like hairs turning gray while I'm trying to spend money in a store...not cool man, not cool. 3 stars.
Oh Uniqlo how I miss you so, why can't you be here in NorCal too? I first got addicted to Uniqlo while studying abroad in Hong Kong and I haven't looked back since. Last time I was at this Uniqlo I went CRAZY shopping for all the clothes I've missed out on while in CA. I love how cheap the clothes are, and they're definitely quality items. I bought 2 pairs of jeans and 3 long sleeve tees here last time on sale and my bill came to under $100. SCORE! I cannot wait til we meet again!
Words cannot describe how much I love this store. As ridiculously crowded as it can be during tourist-heavy weekends, it's worth any inconvenience or absurdly long line for the fitting rooms. I'm currently decked out in a giant fluffy sweater ($30) and leggings ($10) from Uniqlo. My favorite jeans are Uniqlo leggings pants ($30), which they offer to alter - FOR FREE - in the store. As a tall girl whose pants never fit properly, I was very pleased to hear that someone would actually help me out with that. For free. I didn't ultimately take advantage since their pants were long enough for me to actually cuff them (which is thrilling, let me tell you). The clothes are all high-quality, I've only had one thing I've purchased rip or fall apart in any way, and that was when my jeans got torn by a bike that hit me. The staff is always super helpful and polite, the selection is crazy, and everything seems to come in about a million colors. And it's all affordable. It's heaven, it really is.
I would pick Uniqlo over H&M based on what I would find in their clearance racks.  While H&M would have clothes that were trendy a minute ago and already in such a sad state, Uniqlo has given me everyday basics that I could wear over and over again.  I have found long sleeved v-necks for 7 bucks, cargo pants for 10, active shorts for 5 and a bubble jacket with removable furry-lined hood for... good lord, I can't remember, but I know it was half off!!!  I bought it a couple of years ago and my buddies love it.  Anyway, I hope Uniqlo makes it's way to Cali soon...
Always on my list of places to stop by when I am in NYC. You can just never get enough premium cotton wear from this Japanese retailer. The prices alone make you want to grab one of every colour in the cardigan, tee, dress that you fancy. When i was there they had a selection of modern artists and their famous designs printed on Uniqlo premium cotton tees (you could get the same at the MoMA Design Store). I still have a black tank that I wear every week for the last 5 years that's still soft and durable as it was the first day I bought it. Simple designs, great colours and comfortable wear at a great price in a cool store.
I shopped here once and enjoyed the experience.  They're a mix between JCrew, Gap, and H&M.  It's quite affordable (H&M price range), but they have a pricier area within the store. The sales were amazing when I went.  $15 cardigans!
I love this place! Their clothes are fairly priced and if your like me who is all about comfort, This is the place! All of the things I bought here I literally almost wear it everyday. It is so comfortable and looks fashionable. I am going back to New york a month from now and I will definitely go back to this place and buy a lot of clothes since this is the only store in the United States. The other store is in Japan. Last time I went there I went with my boyfriend, this time I'm going with my friends. The funny thing is, my boyfriend is going to have a list of clothes I'm going to buy for him while i'm out there. haha that shows you how good this place is.
Hands-down, the only clothing store in Manhattan worth going to.  There is literally something for everyone at Uniqlo; the store's three (count 'em: three) floors have a variety of styles for men and women, from preppy to cutting-edge.  And if you try on the pants and find that they're too long, they have same-day alterations on the premises . . . for FREE.  Cashmere sweaters in every color imaginable, costing between $30 and $50 . . . what's not to love about the place!
Really great shopping in NYC! And there's a Starbucks on the second floor for coffee breaks.
I very badly want to fully enjoy shopping here, but it is TOO DAMN HOT! The same applies for the flagship Midtown store (I think it's the lights they use). For that reason, they get 4 stars, instead of 5. This store is slightly less busy and, I think, better managed than Midtown. They do a good job of keeping the merchandise organized, even in the busiest seasons and during promotions. The staff really knows the floor well, and has always been able to help me find what I need.
This is like the Japanese H&M.  This is the only location stateside, but in Japan its everywhere, they pretty much all the same stuff.   The SOHO location is a huge 3 story store, very open and bright, all the clothes were relatively neat and organized. Although this is a Japanese brand I find some of the clothes aren't very slim cut and fit a little akward sometimes.  They do have some nice pieces here and there though.  Overall quality is decent for what you pay for.  I think the selection and styles are a little limited in the states, like for example in Japan there were a bunch of skinny ties for mens, but just a few styles here in the states, maybe all the good ones sold out? Anyways, a great place for cheap decent quality clothes.
I have heard of Uniqlo but I have never been inside or purchased anything until yesterday! After hearing that my friend was going by, I agreed to go and can I say that I have definitely been missing out. The Soho location has 3 floors that have various tees in vibrant colors! I loved that they had so many jeans and yesterday they were on sale for $29.50. My fave find was the Tapered Skinny Leg which I will definitely enjoy wearing. Although I don't know about how well everything will last - it's good to know you can get something that will be good for a bit! I hope that the jeans work out and I have to say - I went in looking for one and came back with four!
Just come here to marvel at the stacks and racks of clothes all color coordinated and in order. Monica Gellar and Danny Tanner would approve. They mostly sell basics here, but they do have a lot of quirky stylish things and artistic t-shirts here too. I found a section of shirts that were $5.90, but when I went up to the counter, I was told they were $14.90. A sales rep asked their manager. Even though the whole section was mis-marked, they would not honor the lower price. I was a little annoyed, but was appreciative of the sales guy for at least checking. He then proceeded to move the stack of shirts to another shelf in a different aisle.
Ok, the hype did make me expect too much, but you can find things here and for reasonable prices. Just like H&M (and most every store for that matter), you have to weed through a bunch of things you most definitely don't want to find something to go with. I think the biggest let down for me was that the space is amazingly huge (three levels and roomy, with a simple, sleek interior design), but so much of it was filled with different colors of really basic staples, i.e. t-shirts. Also, the whole front of the store was essentially devoted to whites. I know it's winter and all, but unless you're uber thin and you take cabs everywhere, you'll never need that much white in your closet. I was also a little disappointed with the printed t-shirt selection. They run very small (don't expect to find anything for a typical American male) and many of the styles and cuts were average at best. I did pass by some jeans worth trying on (and they were pretty cheap), and found a cute purse by the check-out lanes on the first level, but in the end it's good that this store is so close to an H&M - I think if you plan on stopping at both, you're bound to find something that doesn't eat your wallet.
I came here during my trip to New York and I was on a mission to find this store.  We don't have one in Chicago and since they don't offer online shopping, I was anxious to see if the store lived up to my (lofty) expectations. Yep.  I think it did. I knew the clothing was pretty affordable and it's "fast fashion", so no surprises there.  I went in expecting the clothing to look like a mix of Forever 21 and H&M, but I was pleasantly surprised.  I agree with another review that said they looked like a mix between JCrew, Gap and H&M, which was a plus in my book.  I wanted basics and that's what they were offering plenty of.   We visited the store on a rainy Saturday and there was a frenzy in there like none other.    At first, it was a bit overwhelming with all of the people and being bumped around, but we braved the crowds and headed right on in.  I found a cute pair of thick leggings/pants and a light cardigan in a blazer style.  My total cost was around $40!   Not bad, especially considering that either item felt flimsy like something from F21 or H&M.   Uniqlo, please come to Chicago.  Please.
I can best equate this to a Japanese H&M with excellent basics for the hipster community.  They also have great deals on cashmere & marino wool v-neck sweaters ($99).   Everytime that I'm in NY, I always make sure to stop by here and Topman to see what they have.  I may not always buy something but I'm never disappointed.
Uniqlo is quickly earning my fandom as the go-to B&M clothing shop if I'm in a pinch.
Most of their stuff is just ugly --but they do carry an ever-elusive size XS, so that's well and good.  From what I hear, since it has launched in the U.S. the designs have gotten consistently worse . . . I also hear they used to have Pantone-branded underwear.  Would have been all over that, too bad it's no longer avail :-/ The reason I like uniqlo is for their $5 packaged tee (offered in tons of colors).  Good for sleeping!
This is my all time favorite store to shop for clothing. I first came across this store during a short trip to Tokyo. During that trip, I bought a few items that easily became my favorite outfits. I was amazed with the quality of clothing. So when I saw people carrying the Uniqlo bags in NYC subway, I immediately googled it and was so glad to find the store in SoHo. I love the simplicity of the clothes and the quality. The price is also very good. This place gets very crazy on the weekends but if you go early in the morning you will have a more relaxing shopping experience.
I love UNIQLO's cheap yet stylish clothing.
Uniqlo is a truly unique store.  Where else can you find ultra light down jackets in every single color.  No really, every color of the rainbow and then some. Need a pair of plum colored socks, gents?  Or cayanne pepper red?  Uniqlo has got you covered. And gals, they've got stockings in dozens of colors and patterns.   I am currently the proud owner of three pairs of tights and they are the best!  Made out of some super amazing material I have yet to experience any sort of rip.  As long as Uniqlo is around I won't be wasting my time or money with silly traditional pantyhose.
I'm sorry American Apparel, but you've been upstaged by Uniqlo. I literally had to stop myself from spending an entire month's worth of rent here - (nearly) everything seemed of great quality and didn't have flashy, uber-trendy-bordering-on-douchey brand names splashed all over. On my first adventure, I bought a pair of leggings that looked like jeans (what a neat idea), a merino wool cardigan, and a long-sleeved Heattech shirt. Everything I bought is now in my weekly rotation of clothes - especially the Heatteach shirt, which keeps you warm despite being super thin and soft. I just went back today and they were having a sale on the Heattech long-sleeved shirts for $5.90 each - needless to say, I went a little over budget this week... but it was SO worth it.
Love their clothes! Their style is simple and casual, yet its good qualty. It costs roughly $10-12 for a shirt, when its on sale and their sales selection is plentiful. I bought 2 zip ups and 6 shirts which cost about $100, which I thought was very reasonable. The boyfriend loved this place too, especially since they offer free same day alterations. He ended up buying way more clothes than me!
Absolutely love their jeans - $40 with free alterations. They told me mine would be ready in an hour but they weren't, so they were kind enough to give me a 10% discount, and I still got my jeans only 45 minutes after that.
What I like about this store is that the store is always clean. It's a big store with a large selection. They have a lot of basic looking clothes, so if you are into that I'm pretty sure you would like what they have. This store is definitely not cheap when it comes to hiring staff. There's always a lot of cashiers. They offered to alter my jeans for an extra $5 or $10. What I dislike about this store is that if you go pass the thirty day return policy (even if you have a receipt), they will not give you the full store credit. My friend bought me a sweater and when I attempt to return it, the cashier said all the spring stuff is put up and therefore I won't get much store credit in return. My friend bought the sweater for $35 and I only received $7.25 as store credit. I really regret exchanging it for store credit. I'm pretty sure I could have sold it for more than $7.25. I know I was late when returning it, but $7.25 compared to $35 is a HUGE difference. Don't expect heat tech to be super warm. I bought two heat tech long sleeve shirts and felt cold in them. Uniqlo is made up of wise guys who purposely make it so that once you open the zip lock bag, you cannot return the shirt. Why? Because they know heat tech clothing isn't anything special. It's just your average very thin shirt. And of course, they don't want you to return it after getting disappointment.
So everyone is all "oh em gee! you gotta go to uniqlo! it's like japan's version of h&m, and we all know how amazing japanese shit it!" ....what they neglected to tell me was that japan's version of h&m is VERY. VERY. BORING. sure, cheap basics, but .... thats ... about it. I didn't really see one fun piece that stood out, much less one fun pattern. Yawn dot com.
I love this place!  No trip to NY is complete without stopping here to pick up a pair of jeans hemmed to length.  This is much bigger and better than the Uniqlos I've seen in Asia.  This store is like Gap mixed with a little bit of H&M.  You can't go wrong with the basics.  I also love the Japanese infusion of technology into the clothes - Heat tech clothes to keep you warm and SPF 50 clothes to protect your skin.   - Free hemming of jeans and pants - Super crowded on the weekend....long lines for the dressing rooms
what happened to this store.  The stuff is cheap and somewhat trendy, but the place is now overrun with people.  It is so unpleasant to shop there these days.  I used to be ok looking around and finding one or two pieces, but the crowds have made this place absolute torture.  Forget about trying anything on, because you will wait for an hour.  After all of that, you still have to wait to pay.  Wait wait wait.  I have better things to do with my time.
Since I discovered it, my brother refuse to wear under wares which aren't from Uniqlo. For the quality they offer, the prices are ridiculous, and the fact that the place is huge and the staff who works there are so nice, it became one of my favorite places. The only problem I have with them is their online store. I tried to purchase few things online, and I did get exactly what I ordered, but the size of the staff was so far from reality. Maybe I shouldn't buy online till they will improve their store, but it won't change the fact that this store is a gift.
I used to go to Uniqlo weekly when I was in Japan. When I got to NYC, the first day of shopping of course had to include Uniqlo! I was soooo excited to find my basics (tank tops and layering shirts) that needed replenishing. Uniqlo things are generally more suitable for the stick-thin-boob-less female/male due to the way the proportions are cut. They really emphasize "young" and "hip" at the NY Uniqlo, but... in japan, Uniqlo is really for everyone! So really, bring along your grandma to this store, she'll be able to find something comfy for herself. On the weekends, the dressing room lines go out farrrr (for girls). I least I new my size already from my 40+ trips to Uniqlo in Japan. hehh.
They were SUPER SWEET. So I was suppose to leave NY in an hour but I bought a pair of jeans and I wanted to get them tailored (free). They told me it would take 2 hours, but I told them my situation, and they were able to do it in 30 minutes because they rushed my order LOVE THEM Also since they are in the city, NO TAX ON CLOTHES (SUPER LOVEEEE). I spent $60~ and got 2 blazers, 1 pair of jeans, and 1 cardigan (with UV protection LOL). Awesome deals.
Ah! This store has it all!! A step above H&M, trendy urban chic. Plus, they work with high end designers to create affordable lines for the mainstream audience. The only downside is that there will always be a line for the fitting room and register, which can be up to a 20 min wait on each : (
I brought my Slovenian visitor to this store and she absolutely loved it. "I BOUGHT PANTS FOR $20, AND THEY ARE AWESOME!". WIN Like all the other NYC Uniqlo stores, this one is kept clean and organized, even with all the slushy snow boots walking in from the Hercules aftermath. I found the sales associates to be extremely helpful, upholding the Japanese cultural respectfulness and upstanding ethics that is less than popular here in the NE. Minus half (if there was such a thing but rounding up) star for cash register check out -  My friend's debit card wasn't going through and after a few times, she said it is an international card. The cashier replied "well why didn't you say so!".. now I'm thinkin - we are in the middle of SOHO, major tourist attraction, this CANNOT be the first transaction completed with an international card. I would have expected that it is the cashier's job to inquire that information up front. It is not a big deal by any means, but just thought I'd point it out.
I'm so glad I discovered Uniqlo!! I loved that it felt like stepping foot into a United Benetton ad (with the rainbow wall of sweaters). The greatest thing about this store is that everything fits me really well. As an Asian girl, it's hard enough shopping at the Banana Republics or the American Eagles and having to battle sizes or cuts not designed for my body type. When I try on clothes at Uniqlo, it's as if the clothes were designed JUST for me. All I gotta do is pick the styles I like! (as opposed to letting the fit dictate most of my purchasing decisions) It's such a relief that a Japanese store has made it big in SoHo without the horrifying money-snatching price tags of boutique stores. I have to say that the clothing style is not necessarily for everyone, but it's great for finding clean, trendy looks that aren't "American."
I first learned of UNIQLO in Taiwan back in April.  The brand was exploding there, and when I moved to New York in May, I couldn't believe they had a store in SoHo (likewise exploding in NYC).  They are opening two more stores in NYC, particularly a GLOBAL FLAGSHIP on 5th ave opening Oct 14th. I love the clothes because that's my style and made of high quality. The staff is uber -friendly and helpful. I'm sad that they don't provide free tailoring anymore considering they purposely make their pants longer so it must be tailored. BOOO
UNIQLO is a great store, especially for finding those basic pieces that are necessary in almost any wardrobe. They are "uniq" in that they have the widest array of colors and items than any other store I've seen before. But that's as far as their uniqueness goes. They sell a lot of stuff that you can pretty much find anywhere else, although, I have noticed that the female section is pretty nice. But if you're not slim (ie. size 9 or below), then this is definitely not the store for you. The good thing is that you can find all different types of colors and matching pieces underneath one roof which is very convenient, saves on the extra leg work. It is extremely affordable, although you will stumble upon a few items that seem to be a bit over priced for its quality. But considering it's from "Japan" and it's in SoHo, this is negligible. This store is better than it's nearby rival H&M and the likes ever since all these other stores stopped carrying as much variety for men. But ultimately, the best items for me are their pants and jeans. They range from skinny fit to regular satisfying all different types of preferences and styles and very affordable. If you're going to buy them skinny, they tend to run small so you may want to go up a size.
Some very nice stuff for men, including Heat Tech and jeggings...yeah, I said it...jeggings. They also have a ton of semi-affordable cashmere sweaters, if you're into that. Prices are decent and the styles can be a notch above H&M. Cons: Crowded location, even with multiple floors and a cavernous space. Lines for fitting rooms are pretty discouraging, though they move faster than you'd expect. The sales girls were pretty helpful, and, in the absence of SOs, can provide some perspective if you're a dude.
Why is this the only store in U.S? They make affordable great clothes that aren't overly trend oriented or ridiculous (I'm looking at you, Forever 21 & H&M) and well made and COTTON. Natural fibers are your friend. They also get great designers too, hello Jil Sander! And the store is pretty with their Mac store-ish stairs and wood floors. Also, I will love any place that will stop my mother from wearing olive cargo pants & active wear. I thank you Uniqlo on behalf of her dignity (and mine). Now if only you could get rid of her crocs, I would think about a possible shrine.
I was never a fan until recently. The clothes aren't always my style but it's a step above places like The Gap for basics. Affordable and classic. The best part - free alterations for their pants. Their jeans are fantastic and the store is just fun to peruse and window shop.
Great selection of everyday items. in addition, the kids selection is right on.
I love uniqlo for lots of reasons, but this review is for the service today. Grazia (?) went above and beyond to help me out today. Thanks!
I bought my favorite pair of jeans here. I didn't even know I was looking for them .. when Lo! they appeared And they were on sale And I was happy. I also bought some leggings that I don't much care for but the jeans? I love them. Also .. the store is huge. Though we went on Black Friday (afternoon) it was super packed but manageable. My sister and I were able to find the things we needed (without too much hassle) and get out to continue with our shopping excursion. They run from xs to xl and I think that's just fabulous.
Inexpensive and higher quality clothing than the likes of H&M and Zara. Good for the essential basics for every wardrobe. Collaborations with Terry Richardson, Peter Saville, Cloak, etc. are great.
Okay, huge guilty pleasure. Everything is made in China, most likely under terrible conditions, but 4.90 t's and v-necks? (how many of these can you buy instead of 1 aa shirt?!Yes, a lot more.) Ah, a moral dilemma. I find most of the stuff is usually too large and the xs's tend to sell out quickly. Great prices and laarge selection and the staff has always helped me (successfully) pick the color of an item if I'm stuck and don't feel like sweating over it or buying both. Anyway, lets face it, great choices, great prices, but their are quality and ethical issues that need to be questioned when purchasing from this store.
Pretty cool place. The clothes are hella nice. Their concept is quite similar to gap and h&m. My first visit here was hella cool. I like the whole concept and set up of the store and besides that the customer service was pretty good. I would recommend this to my friends when they visit nyc.
I have been to the Japan Flagship store in Tokyo, Japan. Believe me or not, THIS ONE IS BETTER! [the tokyo store didnt have as much inventory, it seemed more specialized] I have been here twice, both times during my visit to NY. I think its safe to say that this is the best store in Soho. Im madly in love with their Men's skinny jeans [T-000, i think] they fit perfectly, and if they dont fit you they offer free alterations! Great sale items upstairs on the second floor near the back. They had cool Pac-Man promotional shirts when I went during the summer. Due to the Pac-Man's 35th anniversary. Shame they sold out so fast, couldnt find my size... I love the layout, very modern but also minimilistic in a good way. I hope to god they dont spread all over the US... because then they wont be qualified to be called, "unique clothing". The only downside of this place is they hardly restock during peak shopping months. So do not be surprised if you cant find a medium shirt anywhere...
This is the place to go if you're looking to fill your closet with must-have basics. You will definitely get your money's worth if you shop at this place. For the price that you are paying you will be surprised for the quality that you are getting. And I guess the news is out that they're offering free hemming. Ain't that sweet? Move over H&M Uniqlo is slowly taking over America! Also, I have to admit I am addicted to their tees and socks...Did I mention I love their socks? Next time I go there I will buy more socks!!!  Two freaking dollars for a pair! And I am not kidding you!!!
I have long loved the clothing here-- the price/quality ratio cannot be beat and I like basics made well from natural fibers which is what they do best. I've been a loyalist since day one, and especially loved the now-defunct J+ line by Jil Sander. HOWEVER, the customer service has declined terribly at the Soho store in that time. In the dressing rooms, all the staff are too distracted talking about their next break, where they're going out that night, what their boyfriend is up to, and all the personal details of their lives to bother saying hello when you arrive (after a long line) at the counter to be led to a room, or to be on hand if you need something. The cashier yesterday actually interrupted me mid-sentence, put her hand up in my face (like a full on, unbelievably rude "talk to the hand" gesture) and abruptly said "JUST let me do this first...", apparently referring to the return portion of the exchange. No eye contact, no greeting, no explanation of how exchanges work, just incredibly, uncalled for rude. Then, having found a receipt at the bottom of the bag that wasn't from the purchase I was returning, she threw it on the counter without looking at me and said "this isn't it" while continuing a personal conversation with her colleagues. The supervisor, one of those colleagues she was busy chatting with, came over to authorize the return on the register while they kept up a personal conversation. I thought she was a supervisor and appropriate to share my experience with so said that the customer service was making me really uncomfortable, and she rolled her eyes at me, made a grimace, and under her voice muttered "sorry 'bout that" while the cashier repressed a laugh at my expense. I felt ganged up on by the staff and decided to get out of there as quickly as I could without buying any of the clothes I'd spent half an hour getting through the dressing room nonsense to pick out. Rude staff has now totally turned me off of what had been my favorite clothing go-to in NYC. I know they do a lot of volume but you can still treat people like individuals with basic human decency.
Leron's Lesson: Uniqlo has the best basic stuff. Solid tees, dress shirts and durable jeans that you will be happy you purchased. Full Review: I've been shopping here for years and I love the organized setup, the friendly staff and the quick register and ever moving line. The quality of the clothing is pretty good, nothing that will blow anyone away, but will always leave you feeling well put together. Definitely shop here for a quality experience with some quality products.
This is a fun store to shop.  It's like walking into a candy store of playful, vivid, happy clothes.  The store is huge with multiple floors and will be crowded on weekends.   This place never lets me down and it's kind to my wallet.  They are having an awesome daily deals this week.  GO now and get your Happy clothes!
Great for basic closet staples. The jeans are my favorite, a pair of jeans for $50 and it's actually good quality denim with various colors, huge array of cuts and fits, you can't go wrong. Very colorful tees and cashmere sweaters. This is seriously the place to go for your basics and everything just fits so well and is easy on the wallet!
I love this Uniqlo! I've also been the the newer one on 34th St, but the Soho store feels more organized and clothes are easier to find. There used to be a bigger clearance section though. Very good for basic shirts, and jegging pants which I've recently become a fan of.
I've consistently noticed that this store tends to run really hot inside.  Unless you want to come out dripping, I'd suggest you de-layer upon entering! Gentlemen, note that the men's selection, while in fragments on the first floor, is found primarily on the upper level.   Perhaps due to the sheer size of this place, I've never had to deal with huge crowds at this Uniqlo.  Staff is generously parsed throughout different parts of the store.  Changing rooms have been pretty accessible.  Great option if you need an emergency dress shirt for anything going on in the SoHo area.  It'll cost you a forgiving 29.90, and if your day's going well, the salesclerk may just let you know that your purchase was in fact on sale for 10 dollars lower than you thought!
Uniqlo is not unique, that said, the quality of their stuff is amazing for the price. I not only have a fashion degree, I also have a hatred for  jeans. Most jeans that I wear are   uncomfortable (NO, I don't wear tight ass jeans that are tighter than your skin), as they don't let your skin "breath" and are TOO scratchy (which of course you can't take away from jeans, but I don't want to wear a loofah). Also, the cheap-looking acid wash jeans that are rampant in stores are so... Cheap. Uniqlo jeans (men and women) are perfect. I bought 2 pairs, and decided to turn one of them into very cute, cropped jeans. People have been asking me where I got them.
I love their jeans. They fit perfectly, and they keep their shape. I usually have a problem with jeans, stretch and non-stretch alike, where they start to get loose after a couple of wears. Not with Uniqlo jeans. Also, their washes are super simple. I have a hard time finding reasonably priced dark jeans that don't have the fades/whiskers/dye jobs in them. What's also great is that lately when I've been there, is their denim is on promo prices. I don't know if it's because I've been lucky or if it's been the economy, but I like. Another plus is that they do free next-day alterations. It's final sale once you have it altered, but it sure beats paying $7-10 to get them altered. My only suggestion is to not go on the weekend. It gets pretty crowded, given it's the only location of this Japanese chain in the US.
I can't give UNIQLO two stars due to clothes that didn't fit or were poorly made...but that's because I didn't buy anything. I failed to see the distinction between this place and the GAP or Old Navy or any other clothing store that primarily sells white-bread button ups and khakis. I looked at a few things and then found myself idling in the "bored boyfriend" section. My main gripe, however, is that it's so damn hot there! I don't think I was irritated enough to be heating the whole place up. Maybe they were trying to burn the store down so they could start over with an original idea.
Not really my style however the selection is great. It's an asian heaven however not for those with big thigh. I only come here for Summer t and winter heat tech. First floor is pack with women stuff; pretty well organized and everything is stocked well. downstair is packed with simpler stuff where i got my gf and brother their slippers. They are warm and comfy. Upstair is where the men stuff are. if you are big guy, try them on before you buy it. they got great socks thou ;)
Always worth a stop whenever you're in NYC.  Loved the SoHo branch when it was the only one in the US.  Now with two even larger ones in NYC (seriously, the on 5th Ave is ridiculous) and a first west coast branch opening up in SF this fall, I'm afraid the exclusivity and thus, the appeal, of the brand will decrease sharply in the upcoming years. Still, the prices are good (definitely not as good as before though).  I usually prefer Uniqlo for the basics - socks, t-shirts, underwear, fleeces.  Good quality.  But seriously, these flagship stores are almost getting out of control - they're like department stores in and of themselves.
This store blew my mind and i dont know how I had not stepped into it before. I dont care if its old navy in Japan, or a Gap from the 90's. If you were into anything super hero, old japanese punk bands, or just into hard to find and well put together clothing then this is the spot. The clothes is inexpensive and 2x better quality than even some nicer brands. Unicorn shirts !
UNIQLO is a unique store. To me is seems like a Japanese equivalent to H&M. They have a good variety of clothes. Everything from graphic tees (with anime) to nicer clothes like button downs, sknny ties, blazers. Apparently these stores are very popular in Japan, but I had never heard of them until I visited New York. This is suppose to be the only location in the US. Although, I did not purchase anything a few of my female friends made purchases. UNIQLO seems like a good affordable place to get some stylish clothing.
Good prices, helpful staff and a nice store. Definitely enjoyed it, and Uniqlo never disappoint me when looking for basics. Recommend it.
God I love this store. I come here whenever I have time to stop by soho to do some shopping. Love the minimal design and the attractive display as soon as you enter. How can you not love the towering shelves of cashmere sweaters in all the colors you can imagine. I buy my solid cardigans and t-shirts here cause you can never get enough of those.
This is my favorite shopping department in Soho. I love the ambiance, clothes and the simplistic design. The clothes are good quality and the prices are fair. I dont meant to offend anyone but if you're chunky, or large in size, these clothes are not going to be comfortable for you. When you walk into the store, the first feel is the marvelous displays of clothes. It feels like clothes have become its own religion with hundreds of eyes worshiping the designs. If you're a person who loves to dress colorful, this is your skittles of clothes;every pair of clothing comes in all selections of colors. I've also been to other Uniqlos in Hong Kong and Seoul, and if you guys want to save alot of money, shop there instead. The prices are completely different where it's cheap over there and relatively more expensive here; the difference is about double(only Hong Kong) Selections are huge. They have cardigans, tee shirts, dress shirts, sweaters, hoodies, jeans, dress pants, pants, dresses, jackets, blazers, etc. Yeah you'll find just about anything here. Alot of people on the weekends including fridays. line for checkout and fitting room may be packed. So plan ahead=)
5 stars for my uniqlo jeans! I imagine the skinny jeans trend will die down soon in NY but my co-worker and I came here a few months ago and each purchased a pair of their uniqlo extreme skinnies- she chose a dark navy wash, I chose black. We both still agree: 1) awesome, the most comfortable skinny jeans we've ever put on  2) awesome, the most inexpensive denim in our closets 3) awesome, compliments everywhere-in the subways, at the office, on the street.  Granted, Co-worker is 5'9 with long legs and 0% body fat..but I am a mere 5'4 with stumps and maybe, oh, 100% body fat. definitely A Winner! (myself, *and* the jeans)
Love their selection of good quality clothing. This location is huge and always draws a large crowd. I shopped here Saturday night and bought corduroy pants. I would have purchased more but the heat was turned up too high and couldn't bear trying on more clothes. How they fix that. They have a great bunch of people working there who are really helpful. Can't wait to check out.more selection next time I'm in the city.
My GO-TO for fly skinny jeans and super chic sweaters. Also, those Japanese-technology WARM undershirt things are magic-- I stay toasty by  layering them under everything (and I go to school in Chicago... land of 364 days of snow and wind). MOARR STORES PLZ! Ahem, one in Chicago would be nice... since I have to do major shopping whenever I'm on College Break & I keep breaking the 50lb luggage maximum whenever I fly back to school. Sigh.
Love the skinny jeans here. They fit well, have a good wash and  alterations are free. I bought three pair on promo for less than the cost of my Paige Skylines. As everyone has noted, the quality, for what you pay, can't be beat. Though the cute guy at the cash wrap was very attentive and chatty, the rest of the salespeople were running around in no mood to answer questions. That's ok, this isn't where you go expecting top quality service anyway. (Though a greeter at the door bowing and saying, "Irashaimase" would be a nice touch.)
If you are looking for cheap basics in multiple colors at reasonable prices then you have to go here.It really is like an American Apparel and H&M combination.They even have some kitschy graphic tees on sale.
I think this place is great for basics.  Most of the items are solid colors and no graphics. Their quilted "bubble jackets" are extremely light and can roll up into a little bag.  I was told by the sales associate that it was meant to be a layering jacket and can keep you warm by itself at a low of upto 35 degrees.  These are priced at 69$ The winter coats are not fitted for petite people like myself.  They are too long and the tailoring does not hit at the right spots making me look like I'm drowning in the coat.  The coats could range from 89$ - 119$.  Other than that, the coats seem like they are made well for the cost. They do have great deals when they do have sales: for example, summer shorts were on sale at one point for $10.  The problem is, if you don't get there in time, they don't have your size.  Another example:  Currently they have their skinny jeans for $12 or $14 dollars!  And it's not cheap Forever21 fabric... Lastly, the line does get LONGGGGG depending on the time you go...but it moves fast. A tip would be to go to the registers on the upper floor or lower floors because I never see a long line on those floors... Main floor is WOMEN and MEN. Upper floor is MEN Lower floor is WOMEN.
I love Uniqlo! If you only go here for one reason, that reason should be their wonderful selection of cashmere beginning in the Fall season. The wall is literally a rainbow, every color you could ever want in cashmere sweaters - turtleneck, v-neck, crew neck, and all so cheap! I can't believe the prices considering the quality. (Spring and Summer, it looks like the cashmere is traded for t-shirts and polo shirts, but same color selection) They also carry a variety of other types of clothing in different fabrics, stylish but classic, not trendy, and almost anyone could wear them. But for me at least, the main draw is the cashmere!
Great deal if you know which items to buy. I rate the experience like a hit or miss. Some clothing look to hipster-like for me and some are too plain. I guess if you are into that stuff you might like it. The main reason why I'm giving this a four star is because of its cleanliness and design. It's hot! Plus, the salespeople were friendly and warm. By the way, I haven't actually bought anything yet but my buddies say the quality of their clothing is really nice so I guess it's worth it.
I can't believe I have to travel all the way to NYC (or Japan) to shop here. I think the 3rd street promenade in Santa Monica would be a great new flagship, there's plenty of spots available!
Huge, compared to the store in Atlantic terminal. Huge variety of clothing. They are also VERY affordable. They have a MoMA collection to try out. Summertime is approaching and sales are awaiting. Avoid the weekends, as they are hell.
I just got dark denim skinny jeans and grey skinny jeans for $30 a pop... and free alterations.  They were "backed up" in the alterations dept though so couldn't get my altered jeans back until the next day - but it's FREE so they could take a week for all I cared!   I ran to Bloomingdales and returned the $300 True Religion skinny jeans I bought 15 minutes earlier.  What was I thinking??!?!?!?!! The crowd at Uniqlo = uber frustrating and irritating.  Tourists love to congregate here and spend hours discussing clothing decisions huddled in circles in the isles of Uniqlo (i'm guessing that's what they're doing).  Either way, I like to come here on weekday nights so I don't have to deal with the overzealous crowds.
I will be sad if I move away from NYC and Uniqlo (this store is currently their only one in the US). You have to come here for really great, trendy, and inexpensive clothing. Since I moved to NYC, my wardrobe has become dominated by Uniqlo's high quality garments. I have coats, jeans, shirts, underwear, socks, you name it. I love it all. All hail globalization!
Big store. Crowded. Expensive. I'll pass...
My favorite store of all time, I would give it a five star straight off the shelf but here's the reason why I didn't: Compare to the Uniqlo in Japan, it does somewhat keep to its uniqueness and pricing.  Uniqlo is supposedly founded on the fact that it's made affordable for everyone and anyone (babies to elderlies), with guaranteed high quality that is meant to last.  Since it's first opening in the United States (November 2006) I thought I would find the same things I found in Japan here. The sales are similar, the jeans especially are high quality however the sizing became more difficult to find that gives me a true fit. Understandably, this is America and everyone comes in different body configurations so the changes are necessary. I prefer Japan's version more because it fits me better. The colors are better, sometimes just the subtle small differences in the cut makes the clothing pop, makes it's more 3D, and more comfortable. Nonetheless I still come here for the sales :) I just can't deny uniqlo
I see a pattern developing... go to new york every few months.... shop at Uniqlo..... LIMIT myself to 10 items..... If this place doesn't open up a store in San Francisco soon, I'm going to have enough frequent flyer miles to circumnavigate the globe...twice.
Love this place. Shirts made by Asian people for all people.. but that fit Asian people! My tailor will hate this place because all the shirts fit just right. Prices are decent and they always have a plentiful supply in stock. Bonus - no sales tax on clothes in NYC!
If H&M and American Apparel had a love child, it would be UNIQLO. One star off because although I bought a super cute (and pretty cheap) jacket, the security tag hadn't been removed so I needed to go back.
I love Uniqlo when it comes to buying basic clothes, such as t-shirts, jeans, cardigans, and leggings.  For those who have never heard of it, it's a Japanese brand that specializes in casual wear that's AMAZING quality with inexpensive prices!  Think American Apparel, but 10x better quality and 10x cheaper.  A plus is that they offer online shopping now, although the selection isn't as nice as being in-store.  Sizing is mostly true to size. Although I prefer the 5th Avenue location because there's so much more selection, the SoHo location does the job.  I love how almost everything is color coordinated and all of the sizing is extremely easy to find (for the most part).  Men's clothing can be found on the top and middle floor, women's can be found on the middle and bottom floor, and children's can be found in the middle.  Most of the sales associates are friendly and there are also cash wraps on each floor for your convenience.
A. I hate this place B. My credit card loves this place Obviously, my credit card won out...again.
Graphic tees, one of the biggest reasons why I drop by Uniqlo from time to time to see if they have a new graphic tee that I like. The price is just right and the sizes are true to what they are, because well I'm sick of buying clothes that say "medium" but aren't exactly medium. The overall quality of the clothing at Uniqlo is good, I love how some of my graphic tees are made from the same fabric as the Buden Akindo tees. Plus the graphic tees seem to be on limited print albeit made in large numbers, so I feel neat that I'm one of the few wearing that design of graphic tee. Some of the staff here are really nice while some are useless at best, some of the cashiers though are really enthusiastic going the extra mile to strike up a conversation about what I bought. I honestly feel bad for everyone who doesn't have an Uniqlo nearby and if you live near one, be thankful!
because the top half of the logo is my favorite thing on earth. (also 1 trillion stars for UNIQLO's advertising)
This is NOT the location to go to.  Which sucks for me because this location is so much easier to get to from the LES and Brooklyn. First off, they always run out of sizes.  Everything I would need is pretty much sold out.   Secondly, the AC here doesn't work that well.  NY summers are dreadful. As much as I love Uniqlo, this store has gone downhill.  If they could stock more XS sizes (which run out the fastest), then I would just come here instead of hiking it to the 5th Ave location.  The 5th Ave location is not only much bigger, but carries more of everything. And a note for Uniqlo corporate, bring back the Japanese sizing!  I'd buy a lot more of the suiting and blazers if they weren't westernized.
HeatTech... technology to allow your clothes to keep you warm. Tagline should be "No Layering Needed." Cool. That would explain why the entire third floor of this building was just HOT. Literally, I felt like I was suffocating in the heat on that floor! I think they just need to come up with CoolTech - garments that incorporates air conditioning technology. Cool. Right?! NOTE: - This just isn't my style, but I'd buy the CoolTech if it ever does come out! :)
Jap GAP! I love Uniqulo.  I've only been here once while I was visiting, so I don't have very many items.  The things I do have, I get compliments on everytime I wear them.  It's fabulous. This is a must for visitors, because when you go home you can say 'oh you can only get this in NY or overseas'  It takes that 20 dollar top and makes it seem at like 50 dollars! :)
Great jeans!  Cheap cashmere!  Socks!
All Uniqlo locations have the same clean, spacious look that contributes to the brand's overall aesthetic. I won't comment on the condition of the store because it's probably always the same. The staff here don't really care and I can't blame them. I'd be absent too if I had to constantly refold merino sweaters because some woman couldn't decide between taupe and heather grey. The fitting rooms are kinda small. For a store this big and a selection this expansive, you need more than a heavy curtain and a tube stool, sorry. Anyways, the cashiers are super friendly and in general, I like shopping at Uniqlo.
Not sure I can put my finger on it....but I love this store.  The prices are excellent (inexpensive), the clothes are of good quality (I have several items that have not fallen apart which is more I can say about Gap, etc), and they have interesting styles. My wife finds all kinds of pants and tops that she loves.  She can also shop in the mens section (upstairs) and find many items that fit her well. I have to be careful about some of their pants.  They seem to be fitted for your sterotypical asian man and thus a little too thin in the legs for me.  However, their undergarments & shirts are great! It is a great excuse for us to get down to the SoHo area and walk Broadway (which we much prefer to 5th ave).
I've been to Uniqlo in Hong Kong and I would say that this New York location is a lot bigger (3 levels). I would say in general, their jeans are the big winners as they are really good quality for a pretty reasonable price. I also like their hoodies, lot's of hip styles. However, i don't like to pay 30-40$ for a plain turtleneck or casual shirt as they don't have any styles at all! I could get equivalent one at Ross for a fraction of the price. In addition, their clearance section is pretty sad, especially for the guys. Anyone interested in a hot pink Mickey Mouse shirt?? Disney ? WTH!!!! I personally prefer the H&M styles compared to this store. Only reason why this store is so popular is that it's a "JAPANESE" Store, so people go gaga even for the most basic things in there and pay a premium.
An Addiction. Stay far away.
3.5 This branch is just okay. The staff are always there to hand out shopping bags and pretty much helpful for the most part. What I don't love about this place is that everyone and their moms are here to shop. It makes  it hard to maneuver around place and on top of their poor ventilation system on the main floor, forget it.  AND THEY DON'T HAVE A KIDS section. Womp! To the flagship store on 5th ave any day!
Watch out Banana Republic & Gap....Uniqglo will take your business. High energy, friendly, large selection, good pricing.   Coming to Los Angeles area in early 2012 with over 600 stores in the US in the next six years or was it 100 stores in six years...anyway the manager said they were growing quickly.
Many should know this is like Japan's version of H&M. Majority of them are on the decent price range. Their v-necks are ridiculously cheap! I believe its only 5 dollar? The quality of their v-necks are quite nice too! One thing I love about Uniqlo is that they do hemming for free! The lengths of their pants are one size. They will hem the length if its too long, or even hem the waist for a perfect fit. The customer service is quite nice. Once you find something on sale it is going to be wild! I love how uniqulo's style is very clean and sharp on women and men, plus they are REALLY comfortable!
I HATEHATEHATEHATE that there isn't one in LA or in CA in general. If i lived in NY I would spend most of my money for clothes there. The selection is huge and the quality is great. And the best part is that it won't break your bank account either. I am in love with the styles and fits of their clothing and I will love this place even more when they open up one in CA, preferably in southern California. Favorite place to shop in NYC hands down. I have been here every single time I have paid the city a visit; all the way from Orange County people. So you know how good this place is.
I am a super fan, and I can't wait until this place is everywhere in the US! My luggage was misplaced for a day, and my airline told me I could spend $100 on clothes for the day.  I found a $40 t-shirt I liked, so I just needed to find jeans for under $60.  I was shocked when I stumbled upon Uniqlo (thanks to Yelp's referral) and discovered $30 jeans with FREE HEMMING! I'm short, and even though I'm 32x30, 30 is sometimes still too long.  So I have a hard time finding jeans that fit well, so I end up throwing in the towel sometimes and paying the $10 or so to get them hemmed.  It's pretty great to get that service for free, especially considering how low priced the jeans were. I might have to pick up another pair while I'm here, and I saw they had $20 colored jeans, too.  Ridiculous.  This place will do well once it expands more.
The store is super big and the staff are friendly, nice and do a great job in keeping things well stocked and neat.
I loved this place -- really felt like the clothing fit me well and they had styles that I liked. Picked up a nifty "synthetic leather" (aka fake leather) jacket for $100-something that fits great. Enjoyed the happy vibe and the music. I've been to a couple Uniqlo in Japan, and originally heard about Uniqlo via some of their innovative web marketing. These guys have a utterly bizarre website if you ask me, and I love it. Mesmerizing!
nice stacks of stuff, guys. trap for douche bags. like a grate, collecting them. will go out of way to avoid in future. distressed jeans, ew. made in japan jeans, only in size 29, ew. ew. ew. ew. get me out of here.
A fantastic place to shop for basics! Just looking at and testing the clothes, I could tell that despite their cheap price tags (the day I went, they even featured a $5 deal for their basic t-shirts), the quality was fairly good. The store is beautifully designed, with large glass displays, spacious floors, towering shelves, and and even an elevator. Location is very nice too, and is next door to several other large popular clothing stores such as H&M, Forever 21, etc. UNIQLO also features a service that will adjust your clothing (maybe just pants?). The only downside is that the store really focuses on the basics. So if you're looking for more than basic t-shirts, pants/jeans, shirts, etc., you're better off also shopping at an H&M and Forever 21 (although the quality at these stores is definitely lower than UNIQLO's). They do have more than basics though, but the selection is more limited than those other stores.
Oh I love the Japanese! This is the greatest store ever, definitely one step up from H&M, which is growing tired for me.  I found the greatest jeans here, and some great cute clothes for my nieces.  They also have loads of gorgeous cashmere sweaters in every color imaginable.   The only thing I don't like about uniqlo is that there isn't one in Boston yet.  Once we get one, I'll give it five stars.  (Yes, I'm holding a star hostage!)
Basics, Basics, Basics. Stock up on the thin yet warm and breathable thermals for winter. Great basic cashmere sweaters, cardis, shirts and jackets. It is definitely the Go to place for quality basics over H&M or any of the other stores.
we walked in and I said, "I want a capelet" - my husband points straight ahead and there's the capelet of my dreams - high quality at a cheap price and great design - that's uniqlo for ya but why does everyone wait in the upstairs line when there's a shorter line downstairs...?
I think this store originally started in Tokyo, because this is where I first saw it.  I bought a black computer bag which I still carry around nowadays, and a few pullover shirts which hardly faded after a couple of years of use.  I really liked it, so from then on I wished they'd have a branch in the mainland.  Well, I think there's one in SF right now, and two up here in NY.  This is one of them.   This place is big, as usual, the decor is inviting, the staff is very friendly and helpful, and the store carries lots of inexpensive but high quality products, with all kinds of sizes and colors to choose from.  Fit is always just right, like it's made for me, and they always have items that are priced down from an already lower original price, probably to entice more shopping from everyone.   I don't generally like going out to shop, but going to this place is one exception.  So when you see a guy going out of the store carrying two or so big bags with a big smile on his face, say HI.  That may be me.
I say Japanese H&M, my friend says Japanese Gap. Same thing really, they offer cheap basics that everyone could use from time to time. A lot of their more popular items come in bright variations which is nice if you're tired of the white and black of most other places. I found a men's sport jacket that was made out of cloth which was perfectly business casual for around $40. Good enough for casual occasions and I won't run crying to the dry cleaner if it gets dirty. They tote the fact that their jeans are all japanese denim, which usually runs around $400 and are world famous for their quality and fit. So how does UNIQLO pull it off for $50?? Because its really just a name. The quality was excellent for the price but they wouldn't be mistaken for $400. Best jeans I've ever worn for that price range though. I also really like their line of retro anime shirts, most of them were too ultra otaku-ish for me but it was cool to see.
The dressing room totally sucks on a weekend, but it's on Broadway so this is to be expected. Everything is reasonably priced (personal favorite: $15 Bra-Top Revolution shirts (that's a thing.. they actually call it that and it's definitely been a revolution in my wardrobe)).  Also snagged a black pencil skirt for $39.50 that can rival the identical Theory version I already owned.  The quality of the clothes is impressive for the price point and you just have to stomach the line/tourists before inevitably finding something to buy here.  I'm also into their designer collaborations (not original, but I'll still take it).
Polarfleece? khakis? polyester aka "heatech"? Ain't that the stuff a frumpy nightmare of a wardrobe is made of? Yes, I shop here so I can say without prejudice this ain't no 5* shopping experience no matter WHAT the other yelpers say! The Gap is passe but Uniqlo is the best thing ever? The price difference between the Gap and Uniqlo is why people rave about Uniqlo and ignore the Gap because both stores offer pretty much the same, safe (boring?) American comfort clothing. Uniqlo is not a 5 star shopping experience. Uniqlo gets 3 stars from me because it IS cheap, although the nicer quality clothing (cashmere and suiting) always costs much more than the 12.90 price busters offerered and because of their rigid return policy. 14 days WITH the tags attached. ....I have found the clothing comes apart in the wash too quickly.
I used to be a hardcore fan of the Uniqlo brand until I realized how poorly their clothes and products are made.  Yes, the clothes are cheap, but you get what you pay for.  I bought a not so cheap jacket there, $200, and a few weeks after I bought it the zipper on the hood broke. I took it in to the store and the manager there said there was nothing he could do to fix the hood. I didn't break the hood, it feel apart because of how badly it was made. He said I couldn't get a refund on the jacket because I didn't have the receipt even though I did have the credit card I used and he could easily have looked up my information. He was a total dick. Never going back there.
Clean style and bold colors pretty much sum up this brands' style, but the most important point of all is that these clothes are cheap!  Not in the "made in China" cheap (the brand is from Japan!), the "affordable" cheap. They have "basic" clothing (and outerwear) like American Apparel (without logos, woohoo!!) but unlike AA, they probably use some sort of sweatshop labor considering how *cheap* the stuff is. The only bad point (for men's clothes) is that their clothes are generally oversized, so my size (small) doesn't fit snuggly -- i gotta show off the goods ya know - I don't spend the $80 monthly gym membership for nothing!  That said, I love the way their sweatshirts and hoodies fit... just a smidge loose. Also, I'm a socks whore and they have solid color 'sports socks' in like 20 colors!  (4 for $10!)  Dress socks with patterns, like argyle, 3 for $10. Did I mention they're cheap?! If you're in NY, you gotta hurry cause the NY location is only temporary - they were so successful during the winter they extended their stay until July (for their spring and summer lines)! This temporary store is between Spring and Broome Street.
cool employees!!!! Their fitting is absolutely perfect. What is up with that? Why can't you do that H&M? WOuld have been pricey had it not been 4th of july weekend. Therefore i got basic t-shirts for $5, pique polos for $9 and a cute black blazer-cardigan-ish for $20. Love the fitting, love the ambiance vibe of this store. Shoulda bought more stuff like socks, lounge wears, and more t-shirts. Oh well, another excuse to go back to NY. Woo hoo NO TAX. Only shopping i did in NY. believe it or not. That's the ONLY shopping i wanted to do. All other stores can be found in So.Cal. BTW why the hell was there a long line wrapping out side the building at A&F? ridiculously ridiculous.
I stopped in here for the first time yesterday after hearing lots of hype about this place.  And I'm honestly not quite sure what to think about it.  I didn't try on any of the jeans because they were just too long for me.  And the t-shirts and sweaters though they were of good quality and relatively cheap for soho prices I didn't see what was special about them.  To me they just seemed very ordinary.  One thing I can say about this place though it is a reflection of the whole gender blender thing.  Downstairs I said the woman's clothes some of them looked like dudes clothes.  And then upstairs their were clothes that looked like it was for chicks.  They actually had a hot pink bubble vest in the guys section.
Cute clothing, clean, well lit and pleasant, fast checkout staff even with the crazy long line. Bathrooms so filthy I'm still traumatized weeks later thinking about them.
I would have to say I love this Japanese H&M store. Large collection of  basic clothing at very reasonable price and not as messy as H&M. The collection is probably more Gap/American Apparel than Zara in terms of style. However, Uniqlo does have a lot of  trendy T-shirts with interesting prints. I love the fact that many of the shirts are logo-less. A LOT of sizes that will fit any Asian bodies (from XXS, XS, S,..., L). So now, many of my friends can stop complaining about how big the size small in gap is.
This place is always busy, but it's pretty much the only place I can get decent work shirts anywhere less of custom tailoring.  They're not only cheap, but also some of the seemingly few shirts that are longer than wide.  Good for taller and slimmer guys.  I always come here when I'm in the city to stock up on certain items. Ordering over the phone is usually a bit of a nightmare, so now I just wait to go to NYC to stock up.  The NYX store is also a little better than some of the other international stores I've visited.  Good selection. Some of the staff can be obnoxious (the ones that walk around in small packs screaming out what's on sale) while others can be polite and friendly.  No complaints over all. Pros: -Good selection. -Good fitting shirts for me. -Extremely cheap. Cons: -Not the most up-to-date website. -Phone ordering is painful. -Gets packed.
I love Uniqlo! Cheap jeans with free tailoring that don't fall apart (I've had some over a year and they look as good as ever), cute basics, and cool $15 graphic tshirts from independent designers. Everything is really well-made and well-fitting and feels really nice. Obviously you're not going to find clothes for every special occasion here, but their clothes are an indispensable "base" part of my wardrobe, mixed with lots of other stuff.
Uniqlo is my favorite clothing store.  Hip, cheap and well made, Uniqlo's offerings serve as the basis of my daily street wear.  While always on the cutting edge of fashion, I find there selection to be better made that H&M and their cut fits much better on my frame. I recommend coming here for work basics as well as some trendy t-shirts, sweaters and pants.  They offer free tailoring on their pants, which I've always taken advantage of, usually with a 24-hour turnaround time.  Also, during the winter season, they have a line called Heattech, which is lightweight winter wear that retains heat.  This line really works!!!! At Uniqlo, the prices are always right!  It seems like there's always a sale of some sort.  With great fashions at great prices, you'll be sure to find something for everyone in your life.  Happy shopping!
I spent a summer in Tokyo a few years back, and with the overwhelming plethora of shopping goodness there, it took me a while to make my way to Uniqlo. Of course we don't have Uniqlo in San Francisco yet, so I was excited to visit the store when I came to NY. It was quite an experience. I love how you walk in to rows and rows of cashmere sweaters organized by color. So easy on the eyes. I also love the $15 t-shirts downstairs that come in all kinds of cool graphic prints. I picked up a great jacket with princess sleeves that I know is going to keep me cozy all winter in SF. Thanks, Uniqlo. If you (and your arch-rival Muji) could make your way across the country soon (and bring all of your goodness with you, unlike H&M), I'd be much obliged.
Decent quality and reasonable prices for up to date looking clothes. I consider it a Japanese version of Gap.
I'm a Fan! My wife who travels to japan quite often always brings back all sorts of jeans, shirts, shoes, very casual but comfortable and very affordable(even in Japan) wish they had one here in north. Calif. Much better than gap or old navy.
For such a large store with so much stock and foot traffic, I'd expect to see a mess of unfolded clothes or hangers everywhere -- but this is not the case here.  They keep the entire store very well organized, clean, and easy to maneuver around (not like the 5th Ave one, that you can easily get turned around in =\). Has all the same items as the other locations and a great inventory. The downside is a whole lot of tourists just sitting on the display tables or leaning on racks ... kinda annoying trying to shop around them =X.
5 pairs of fantastic fitting pants for under 150.00? I'LL TAKE IT.
Great staple products that everyone needs in their wardrobe at a great at a great price! I love this place to be honest and the clothes are so comfortable! I love fact that they can do alterations (free ones). A store that cares about each customer makes my heart swell up with joy! Pretty awesome place in my opinion. Go through the whole store sometimes the unexpected misplaced finds are the best ones!
highest ratio of 'things i bring into a dressing room' to 'things i leave the store with' usually my average is 9:0 i like the idea though; i'm sad nothing fits.
This is a staple overseas with asian countries. Their presence has strongly been growing throughout the US with the introduction of many to their products via the NYC stores. They sell a lot of stuff from down jackets to skinny jeans for men. The store is three stories with public restrooms in the basement floor. The check out line is efficient and moves quickly. I would recommend just checking out the store if you're around NYC visiting.
I'm not much of a clothes shopper. I'd much rather shop for things online because I have absolutely no patience for stores. Especially crowded stores that are completely chaotic. Unfortunately, UNIQLO is more often than not, packed but because I'm tiny and small, I have trouble finding clothes that fit me and UNIQLO is one of the few stores where 90% of the time their clothes fit me flawlessly. What I like about UNIQLO is the quality and price of their clothes. Most of my jeans are from here and if they're too long, no problem they'll hem them for you for free! I've only had one pair of pants that have washed and shrunk a little other than that my other clothes from here still fit like a dream. Their $8 umbrella has also stood the test of time too. Check out is fast and friendly but unfortunately, the dressing room lines can get lengthy so be sure to get everything you want to try on before getting on line.
I have a Uniqlo addiction. On my last trip to NY, I went to a Uniqlo store 5 times in 2 weeks. Is this normal????? And every time, I find something at Uniqlo that I want. While people are undoubtedly going to be drawn the massive (and gorgeous) global flagship store on 5th, I still like this Uniqlo because I'm pretty sure this is the store where they keep all their final sale/clearance items. Where else are you going to buy tees for $3?
My wife told me that the cashmere sweaters are cut small so naturally I had to return my "cheap" gift - twice.  Still have the gift card. Anyway I really like the broad color selection in basics - tee shirts, sweaters.  I am not impressed with most of the stock - the cheap stuff sometimes Looks cheap.
Huge store with cheap, well-made clothing.  Like Old Navy with better design or H&M with clothing that is still intact in a few years and doesn't look extremely dated. The layout of this store has left me a bit lost, since some clothes hide out behind grand staircases.  Nevertheless, if you want to add some basics or accessories to your wardrobe at a reasonable price, this is a place to be!   (Note:  I'm a tall drink of water and yet found jeans that were actually slightly on the long side.  Their sweater sleeves are also adequately long.)
Such a cool (and huge) clothing store. I usually don't like shopping but this place on Broadway was hip and cool and pulled me in. The styles and variety were different than the usual ho-hum Gap, Express Men's, etc. and they have a cool ass collection of unique t-shirts. The material on the clothes are a bit cheap but decent prices - my guess Uniqlo is more like H&M - hip fashions for a good price that you wear for a number of times but don't expect the clothes to last a long time. Bottom line: I usually hate clothes shopping, but this place is worth checking out.
After a few years I would have expected this store to grow and improve upon their designs. But after all this time they are still producing the same clothes.What was fashionable before is now boring and monochromatic. You would think you would see new designs and ideas but its still the same thing. Shirts with kiddie designs, tight clothes and as usual boring palettes of colors. Come on we are in 2012 where people like to express themselves. Let me introduce Uniqlo to a new slang. "Get better or get out" They may as well just make uniforms because all their clothes look alike.
I walked in here for the first time yesterday. It's such a cute store! I loved the turning mannequins in the middle. It made the store look so "futurish"-- especially with the TVs on the side. Unfortunately, there wasn't really anything for me because it's not my style but the guy who was standing by the door was super-incredibly nice, even thought I didn't buy anything.
This is a cool place.   Its super nice compare to the other locations I've been to.   This is one of the few stores available in the states, so NYC is definitely lucky to have one.   The quality of the clothes are pretty good, since its Japanese made.   Although I do have to say that I could get the same thing for cheaper else where for some of the clothes that they have.  I really like the quality of the pants though, because its very comfortable.   One guy working in the dressing room took his job too seriously, while another girl was very unprofessional about it.   Its so different with the service of the 2.   The girl kept talking to the colleague and didn't even bother talking to me, a customer.   That girl is so unprofessional; I think she is the only exception compare to the rest of the store though.   If I am ever in town, I am gonna check it out again.
I really like their cloths, and the price is pretty good for NYC, but I CAN NOT stand any of the people who work here. Question: What  don't I want when I'm shopping for clothes? Answer: YOUR SNOOTY ATTITUDE. Get over yourself and get my shit in my size. Its your god damn job. Still though, gotta love all the pretty colors.
-good quality 'basics' -the style is good and trendy -nothing is baggy/draggy/revealing. they can make a  u-neck or a v-neck and still make it look nice -pretty overrated but it's worth it.
Prices are about average, compared to Gap. When you walk in it's just a burst of color. Shelves of clothing are stacked to the ceiling. It's like being at Bed Bath & Beyond how they have everything stacked high, but all clothing. There are free alterations also when you purchase any clothing item. This is a hip store and it is only located in NYC, no other places in the U.S.
I am a big fan of Uniqlo but I just cant standing they did not turn on the ac when it was like 30 degree C
For the longest time, this was the only Uniqlo in the ENTIRE U.S. And then they expanded into two more stores in NY. I love Uniqlo because of the quality of their products; Although the designs are similar to H&M and Gap, they really last. I have at least 4 cardigans from here, cotton and cashmere, and they've been the same as the day I got them. Except the cashmere one. Someone accidentally tossed it in the washing machine and it would only fit a small child. Le sigh. :( General Rules of Shopping: 1. Buy the things that are on promotion sale. Try not to get stuff that aren't on sale, because if you wait, it'll get bumped into a lower price. 2. Come on Mondays-Thursdays. It gets UNBEARABLY packed on the weekends.
I will definitely be coming back to uniqlo on my next trip back to the city. This was my First time going and I was in heaven. The store is comparable to forever 21 in my opinion as far as prices go. But it is so much more organized which gains huge points in my book. I hate being aggravated when I shop because I can't fish around in the mess. This place has EVERYTHING and it's cool how they have the walls color coded with t shirts. The prices are super cheap but the clothing looks and feels like it will hold up in the washer. When I was there they were doing some sort of raffle/giveaway to win a gift card. I didn't win the gift card. Instead I won a piece of nasty Japanese candy but the concept was cool and the workers are helpful and friendly. Cant wait to go back to soho!!!
I walked in for the first time and it was like heaven... So I thought the prices would be hell... but no... Affordable and stylish... WIN!
This is the Uniqlo to go to, if you want to go to Uniqlo. The store and its staff is big enough to be a destination (unlike Kensington in London) and small enough to be manageable (unlike 5th Avenue in New York). It's Canal Jeans for a new age, and American Apparel at half the price with two-thirds of the sincerity. You can buy a bag of goodies here for $100 that move you along that self-definition curve a whole lot faster than anywhere else (just like Canal Jeans!) Three pairs of sox? $9, in a rainbow of colors. Two pairs of seamless briefs to entertain the GF? $10. This place provides shirts I can wear in a business setting to black skinny pants that fit BBurg or the LES. TIP: Ask for help, go ahead.
It's a Japanese H&M.  Gotta love it! By that I mean that it's trendy clothing at great prices.  And since it's done by the Japanese, it means that it's actually good quality with fantastic style. Go for the cashmere....I promise you'll leave with much more!
i've always loved this place and i always will. great prices and great selections and yes every day here is a madhouse. ya just gotta roll with it.
Much better than American Apparel, Uniqlo is a great place to go for solid color basics that are affordable and don't fall apart. It really is 90s Gap, but with a hipster twist in cut and design. Also, for what it's worth, I went to Uniqlo in Hong Kong last summer and the prices in this US branch are much lower; I remember thinking stuff in the HK store was overpriced, and not just because of currency conversion.
Uniqlo is absolutely amazing, and I love love love their Soho location! It's so much fun to just walk around shop because there are tons of other great places nearby. Anyway, this location is very well-organized and easy to find what you're looking for. They have tons of stuff in stock so no worries about stuff running out. The clothes are very good quality and comfortable and it's also very reasonably priced. I tried on their leggings this past weekend and loved them - they had them in so many colors that it was hard to decide which ones to get. Uniqlo is so pretty looking on the inside - bright colors everywhere, high ceilings and so organized. The walls/shelves are all white so the whole store is very aesthetically pleasing. I only gave this 4 stars because the lines to try on clothes is very long which was kind of annoying, and I feel like they should open up more dressing rooms to accommodate customers more efficiently.
This store is huge! It's two stories!! I wish people would stop complainging about the sizing of their items. Hello! It's a Japanese brand what do you expect? You don't see me complaining about the sizing of American brands. And I love the fact that they hem your pants on premisis! I always have to hem my pants because regular length is too long and petite is too short.
Whenever I come here, I head straight for the basement. $5 t-shirts!  Woohoo! The reason I took off a couple of stars is that I have been to Uniqlo stores in Japan, which A) Are considerably cheaper (aka their non-clearance items are actually affordable), and B) Have sizes that fit. I don't have any problem with the shirts, but the pants are an issue.  Even size 0 pants fall down without my hands holding them up, which is crazy.  I know I'm small (5'4" and 110 lbs), but I'm still a human being who needs pants.  It's depressing when I find a pair of pants I really like, that are on clearance too, but wouldn't fit me if I were 9 months pregnant with octuplets. And as I don't plan on having children any time soon, I'll have to wait till my next trip to Japan to find some Uniqlo pants.
Great prices, great selections.  And every visiting friend/relative I've taken to this store to shop loved it.
Uniqlo has done everything right. They are the gold standard in terms of brick and mortar stores. They have high quality, comfortable clothing at very reasonable, affordable prices. This is rare to find. It is no wonder that this Japanese company has expanded rapidly in Asia in the last few years. They are about to take the United States by storm and rightfully so. These huge stores are decorated in bright colors and even though there are a ton of clothes, they are neatly organized. Uniqlo wrote the book on amazing customer service. They have tons of staff members walking around, ready to assist. They are very friendly as well. They have tons of check-out lines that move fast, so that you never have to wait long to check out. The bathrooms are clean as well. I have found this service and efficiency across the board in every Uniqlo store I have been in. Now, for the clothes. The best Uniqlo clothes are the Heattech clothes. They are clothes that release heat so that you will be warm. I brought the Heattech long sleeved undershirts from here. At first, I was skeptical that they were different from other undershirts, but I was kept so warm by them. They are extremely soft and comfortable as well. I also have the Heattech tights. They look great and once again, keep me warm. I immediately notice a difference when I put on my old undershirts and tights, so I actually don't wear anything but the Uniqlo ones anymore. The non-Uniqlo clothes just don't keep me warm. The Heattech clothes are life savers living in the snowy winters of the east coast. Their jackets are awesome too. I have a grey fleece jacket from here that I wear everywhere. It's very durable. I for one, can not wait to see Uniqlo in every major mall in the United States.
Good for basics, medium quality cashmere sweaters and tank tops.  The jeans fit weird, at least on me.  They gap at the butt and are super duper long. I like how the organize the sweaters, though....colors all over the walls.
What sucks is, the japanese stores are a billion times better than this hipster reject. I mean really, they have like 2 different styles of a $40 t-shirt. The selection is lame- pales in comparison to the Japanese giant stores with lots of variety and selection- the USA flagship is hardly as enterprising. This place looks like a tiny sampling of UNIQLO. The sad thing is, in Japan this place is like the GAP (even the CEO has stated he wants a GAP empire) they are everywhere ~ with tons of cool sale items, vast bins of pants, shirts, socks~ bargains. I think the infrastructure in Japan - lends the stores distribution to be networked- so different stores get unique items~ whereas in the NY store- its just the top 10 flagship items for deuchy wanna be Japanofiles who think this is the real shit.
A cheaper, more modest version of American Apparel if you ask me. I enjoyed browsing the variety of basics and fun outfits but the dressing room process was annoying. The staff was not very helpful, but I enjoyed the overall shopping experience.
I was here 9/6/13. I am a huge fan of Uniqlo. Their clothing is simple (think GAP -- similar style of clothing with a variety of colors) but far less expensive, in my opinion. Especially since the clothing can last you ages. The store here is pretty large, 3 floors (and a basement level) with very spacious areas, so it never feels too crowded. Uniqlo has virtually every size imaginable and it is the perfect shop for basics. I picked up some basic short and long sleeve tees... I mean, where else in NYC can you find brand new t-shirts for under $5? I can't even get that back home in Seattle! The location is perfect: it's right next to a bunch of other stores that a very popular. Go here if you get the chance. You won't regret it because everyone needs basic clothes in various colors (great for work clothing too, like button down shirts and whatnot) -- and your wallet will thank you. Oh, and one tip: They have a "basement" level floor that is hidden way... that's where all the sale items are ;)
Like a Japanese version of H&M is how I would describe UNIQLO.  It was crazy coming into this store.  It seemed as if everyone in the city went shopping here and I quickly realized why once I made it in.  The clothes here were so cute and prices were very reasonable.  One of the good things about shopping here too was that the racks were very organized and you don't have to dig into piles of clothes to find great deals.  I spent a little over $150 here and came out with about 13 items so it was definitely worth it. You can also find jeans for $20-$30 (same-day alteration included) on a less busy day, that is.  Unfortunately, we were flying back to Cali the following day so I wasn't able to take advantage of that.   My only complaint about this place were the super long lines for the fitting rooms.  I basically just grabbed clothes out of excitement, bought, and left.  Good thing everything fit just fine once I tried them all on back home.  This spot is one of my favorite places that I visited in NY.  I can't wait to come back.
Uniq : unique? mmmm not really.....Lo: low prices? Score! Loves it.
I love this store. It is a great place to find staples that you will wear forever. Even though I was really sick and it was the week before Christmas, I forced my mom to come in here with me just because it is so different from any other store we have in Buffalo where she lives. It was total mayhem and we could barely deal but I walked out with a black cashmere sweater for only $70 and an awesome big boyfriend size striped merino cardigan for $30. I can't think of any store that has such a wide range of clothes that appeal to most people at such great prices. Although I can't say I'd go back during the holiday rush unless you paid me....
Their clothes are super huge on me. It also reminds me of an Asian Old Navy. The clothes they carry are simple and to the point. No frills here! However, this really isn't my taste in clothing, thus the lack of stars. The quality of the clothes seem to be good---they don't look like they'll ruin after one wash or two (Forever 21, I'm looking at you).
Cute store for youthful hipsters on a limited budget.  Heard one guy telling his friend that he had no money but was just looking.  The numerous amts of t-shirts caught our eye, so we went in for a look.  It's a Japanese company with some t-shirts decorated with logos of products or stores in Japan. We found the last of a popular one with a burger piled high in a tower stack.  Got a Batman (DC brand) for Jr. Yelper,  there were 2 smalls left and when we walked back after looking around, they were gone too. T shirts were $10.  They had men's pants marked down to $30+. Lots of women's clothing too with 2 floors of stuff for you to look thru.  I did find a long sleeve poly top to layer for the cold evening spells in NYC since we arrived.  The quality of the clothing isn't necessarily high end but good for a season of styling.
Styles are in between H&M and Zara, at H&Mish prices. Generally good quality, more classic (a good thing) than either store. 5th star for free hem alterations, but you may have to wait a day if the tailor's gone. On a weekend, long lines at the fitting room and cashier. Too bad this is the only store in the U.S. They supposedly had another store in New Jersey (of all places) but closed that one (I wonder why). Dear Uniqlo, please come to California!
Gigantic store. there is a basement, ground floor, and the floors above that. I like the feel of the store, it is very modern and trendy. There are a ton of different clothes which are all reasonable priced. I didnt have enough time to get involved in looking at jeans or button downs, but I did have a chance to get a blazer. Keep in mind that the cut of all the clothes are based on Japanese specs and are a little smaller than normal. Checkout is efficient, prices are reasonable, and the quality seems to be high.
Fun store with basics that you will live in for seasons and seasons. The heattech items live up to their heat retaining name. (A friend of mine thought it was a Japanese phrase and called it "hee-ya-tech," like it's some new Toyota car model!) But this cavernous, uber-busy store can sometimes be claustrophobic with all the bodies inside trying to find their favorite pair of jeans. Survivalist Pro-Tip: Before you walk around looking for the perfect oversized coat and wool socks to go with your armageddon preparedness wardrobe, make sure to note where all the marked exits are and whether you're willing to knock over dozens of short Asian girls to get there.
Me likey! This is the kind of store that H&M should be. Uniqlo features interesting and well, uniquely designed clothes that are not overpriced and have a high quality. Who would've thought? As soon as I set foot in this store, I thought, "Where have you been all my life, Uniqlo?" Oh, that's right, you've been in Japan. The style of Uniqlo seems more utilitarian and minimalist, which is fine by me when I'm in the mood to pick up classic pieces that I can pair with anything. The store also sells packaged tee shirts which is perfect for picking up for a trip and easy to store in your carry on. This store offers: a broad and hip selection for men, women, kids and accessories. Items are clearly displayed, easily accessible and in stock! (How I hate finding that perfect shirt only to find out it is no longer availiably in my size, or any size except xxs or xxl).
I love the styles and the prices are very reasonable but geez, the lines! There's a long line to try on clothes and another long line just to pay for clothes. I left the store while waiting on two occasions. I really don't have the time to wait in the long lines, even on a weekday morning. However, the styles and prices might be worth the wait. If I'm lucky, I'll be able to stop by when the lines calm down. If on line shopping is available, I would rather try shopping on line. *P.S. the pants may be very long, even for me (I have very long legs). They offer free alterations on all their pants so don't be intimidated by their sizes (29x34, 31x34, 33,34).
500+ reviews?! that's as many reviews as there were people in the store. seriously, we went on a rainy sunday afternoon, thinking soho might be less crowded than usual, but unfortunately everyone had the same idea. however, uniqlo is a good place to get reasonably priced basics -- tanks, tshirts, and they have a whole wall of LEGGINGS! i even got a cute vest cardigan thing for $20. personally, i think their sizes can be deceiving based on the item, so take the risk and wait in line for the dressing room (here's a secret:  check out the less crowded fitting rooms on the lower level).
UNIQLO is another joint you go so much, you forget to even review it. It's automatic. See, my friends and I used to have this saying back home called, "AUTOMATIC". Would you like Parmesan cheese on your pasta? AUTOMATIC Bacon on a Cheeseburger? AUTOMATIC Before the movie starts, y'all wanna get soda and candy from the liquor store instead of the theatre? AUTOMATIC 40oz and Pork Rinds? AUTOMATIC Montana to Rice? AUTOMATIC Beer + Hot Dog at the Game? AUTOMATIC Kelly Kapowski? AUTOMATIC Jack In The Box 2 Tacos for 99 cents and a Sourdough Jack? AUTOMATIC Did you get her phone number? AUTOMATIC I repeat, did you get her phone number? FAIL. I lied. Not AUTOMATIC UNIQLO Basics, 3 Dress Socks for $10, Boxers, Polos, V-Necks, Jackets, Hoodies, Windbreakers, and Button Shirts? IT'S AUTOMATIC youtube.com/watch?v=TfdW… But their Men's Artist Graphic T-Shirts??? RETARDED
Not really a big fan of cookie-cutter basics, but I do know good denim when I see it, and most importantly--at cheap affordable prices! Finally, Uniqlo's global flagship store in SoHo offers jean addicts a more economical alternative without foregoing quality.  They offer your standard fits in flare, boot cut, tapered skinny, or the risque (but good if you can pull-em-off) low rise extreme skinny in a variety of washes. Major plus for the free alterations! Gone are the days of $190 plus jeans + cost of tailoring (you can pretty much collect one in each style for the price of a pair of premium jeans!) :) For the GAP, Abercrombie, AA fanatics out there-- definitely check this place out.  They have pretty decent t-shirts & cashmere sweaters also. Although the cuts of their clothing leave little to be desired, quality is definitely what the Japanese are branding here, so if you must go basic, I recommend you go Uniqlo!
Pants/Denim are very strong and nice...always good selection Uniqlo's in JP are better though
Great quality clothes for the price. Excellent customer service and cool location. I just wish they had more store locations and more styles. But way better than H&M. I'm a fan.
I love UNIQLO for one reason... Underwear. Seriously, it's the most comfortable underwear I've ever worn...and it's cheap, too! I bought my first few pairs on a trip to NY last May, starting with a few pairs of their polyester/spandex boxer briefs. They're so light you don't even notice you're wearing them, and when it's really hot, these are perfect for their...breathability. I've been so enamored by their chonies (tm luis m.), I asked my best friend, who lives in NY, to get me some for Christmas. They weren't selling that poly/spandex blend anymore (maybe they're seasonal?), but their cotton boxer briefs are really soft and just as comfortable. Next to the iPhone I got from my wife, it was the best Christmas present I've gotten in years.
The store is huge, but the stuff all looks kind of... the same. Wardrobe staples - v neck sweaters and tees - in a multitude of colors. It's like H&M, except more colorful, a little more expensive, and a little less diverse. I was only able to find two blazers, and only in sizes L-XL. I guess it's good because it's still kind of cheap and is a one-stop shop for a lot of sartorial basics. Men's cashmere sweaters run about $100 but I'm not sure about the quality. The only thing that really piqued my interest was a pair of $30 black velvet pants that happened to match my black velvet tuxedo jacket I was planning to wear the next day, New Year's Eve.
Average. Decent clothes for acceptable prices. Not as blown away as everyone else seems to be--mostly I thought the clothes tended towards boring and weren't very unique. Quality was average, but for the price, decent. Major dislike is the attitude of the staff--it hard even to get their attention (they were too engrossed in their own conversation) and when I did I did, the reply was really rude. Maybe it was closing time so they were anxious to get home, but the attitude from the guy at the fitting room was really not necessary. If you want a cheap alternative to the SoHo boutiques, then it's worth your time. But otherwise, don't bother. Also, too much Micky Mouse, and it made me feel like I was 5 again.
Who knew japanese standard clothing was so hot and popular? They're like a clothing factory for your standards from denim to slacks to sweaters and t-shirts and undergarments galore. My friends love that they hem for free and I love the wide selection of tights and leggings although I can't bring myself to try on or wear they're cookie cutter clothes. The clothing is high quality for the price though. This isn't that forever21 thing that falls apart while you're wearing it.
What I really love about UNIQLO is that they sell all sorts of quality items that are not covered in any sort of brand name. Everything from solid color t-shirts, to sweaters, to jeans, to hoodies...and all at a good price. I also bought some SWEET longjohns here. I don't think I would've made it through the winter without them. In fact, if you appreciate my existence at all, you might as well thank UNIQLO. On the other hand, if this causes you to protest UNIQLO in some way (throw rocks at their storefront,* picket them, badmouth them around town), I understand. __________ *Let's be clear that I am not in any way condoning you defacing UNIQLO's property.
From the outside, you don't realize just how big this store is. However, that doesn't mean they have a lot of cool stuff, just a lot of stuff. Their T-Shirt wall is impressive, and so sometimes you'll find a cool shirt, but nothing else is really that impressive. None of it really stands out. It's A-OK, but nothing to write home about.
The wall of Tshirts is mermerizing. I love visiting this store when shopping in NYC for basics; affordable basic and they have fun tshirt designs. Tanks and sweaters for layering are my must-have essentials, am just waiting for and hoping they'll open an SF branch.
Uniqlo is a great place to shop, if you're looking for basics. The store is very clean and the high ceilings make it seem so open and spacious. The only downside is that it is always packed!
Did you know that this Uniqlo is the only one in the States?[1] For those unfamiliar with Uniqlo, it's basically H&M on crack, with three floors of reasonably priced clothing, and way more attractive models on the walls. And cute staff. (I've been to the Shanghai store, and the trend holds.) When I stopped by to pick up pants for my boss, all the employees were helpful. A cheery floor manager examined the photo she e-mailed me, finding the exact style pants she wanted straightaway (after I'd been wandering for about ten minutes). While waiting to have the pants altered (alterations are FREE), another directed me to menswear. Finally, when they got annoyed at having me mill around (kidding), another staffer suggested I check the status of the hemming - then went and asked on my behalf, saving me an hour. With my newfound time, I filled out a few customer appreciation cards, and went on my way. [1] As of press time. A new location is opening on 5th Avenue. [2] Reminds me of GAP, strangely. Not sure why.
I love my UNIQLO pale pink t-shirt, and it cost me exactly $2.99.  Solid-color basics here are unreasonably cheap, and my UNIQLO shirts have held up well through more than a few machine washes. Besides basics, the behemoth 3-level UNIQLO store includes pretty much every other clothing item imaginable in its incredibly confusing, sensory-overload-inducing, literally-stacked-to-the-ceiling-with-sweaters, warehouse-like space.  The quality of their jackets, pants, buttondowns etc. seems decent, but I can't really speak to anything but their basics, all of which are well constructed and great values for the incredibly low prices. 3 stars for the outrageously low-priced American Apparel replacements... and 1 extra star for the Mitsubishi robot rolling around the ground floor.
Favorite store, hands down! So glad they opened one in the US. The clothes are more expensive than H&M, cheaper than Top Shop and better than both. A lot of pieces though are usually on sale so you don't (usually) have to worry about something being too expensive. THERE WILL ALWAYS BE SOME SORT OF SALE AT UNIQLO GUARANTEED. Simplicity and basics are key to style and UNIQLO understands that. For example, I love their fine merino sweaters! Simple but the quality is fantastic and you can really tell the difference between that and a regular cotton sweater at H&M. They make fashion smart by combining science into their clothes as well. Take a look at their Heattech collection to see what I mean. Keep in mind that this is a Japanese store and sizes are different so you may want to buy a size up!
Several people recommended this place, so I had to visit the store. WOW! I love all of the winter jackets at Uniqlo. I wanted to buy everyone one! Anyway, it's a great store if you want basic tees, tanks, tights, etc. I didn't buy anything, but my hubby bought a One Piece hoodie. It's his favorite hoodie. Happy Shopping!
Uniqlo is great for basics. Waiting for dressing room was half hour. Almost died because no a/c in dressing room. Had to dock a star for being near death...but the basics were worth it.
Ohh UNIQLO, how I miss you... I just need some simple shirts in a  variety of colors to layer sometimes but I can't find that here even in the malls. Your fabric is soft and the bootcut jeans fit perfect on my nonstandard American but standard Asian body.  I long for clean aisles and neatly arranged clothing and your beautiful neatly arranged clearance "down there" section.   Call me? P.S. To all your haters about being more expensive than the competition, come on, 2 hour turnover (max later today) for hemming.  There's no such thing as a free lunch. I do agree that the ones in Japan are cheaper, but that's what you pay to ship it all here!
I have an Uniqlo addiction.  The prices are good ($20 Polos, $30-40 and up for Jeans, $4.90 for their men's tee's) and quality/construction is much better than H&M.   A lot of the selection is basic items, great for building a wardrobe.  The also have a good selection of athletic wear and an entire wall of winter socks.   On the downside, the store is usually packed and the dressing room lines are long.  Go during the day on the weekdays if you can.   The staff is very friendly and be on the lookout for sales.  They have featured items fairly regularly and with their already low end prices, you can get some good stuff on the cheap!
This place is phenomenal.  Other than the inevitable crowd, which is truly unavoidable shopping in soho, I simply love their hats, heat tech products and their simple essentials.  Its reasonably priced good quality and the heat tech really work! I buy new sets every year:) I'm a fan!
I was lucky enough to visit Japan this year, and ever since I've returned I've been missing the foods, the sights, and...UNIQLO!   So what is this UNIQLO?  Well, it's one of 3 Japanese chains that I absolutely love and I wish that they would import to the West Coast.  The other 2 are Mister Donut and Mos Burger.   Well, the East Coast is lucky enough to be the first stateside recipient of the brand and of the world's largest UNIQLO store.  Located in the one and only SOHO district, this UNIQLO store is a sight for sore eyes.  Upon entering, seeing all those sveltely dressed mannequins rotating in sync to pop-electronica, my jaw just dropped and my tongue started hanging outside my mouth.  I immediately knew some serious shopping was in order! So, many say that UNIQLO is like a Japanese Gap or Old Navy crossed with H&M, which is almost accurate.  Like the latter, they've got nicely priced clothes in a range of sizes, with a variety that runs the gamut of casual, to office work attire, and even to "I'm going out on the town kind of clothes."  However, UNIQLO is so...much...better!  They manage to limit the cheese factor you get at the Gap/Old Navy and while outliving the trendiness at H&M.  If Gap/Old Navy is your old reliable pair of black pants, and H&M is that 60's style orange shift dress that was in last season, then UNIQLO is that black cashmere dress that goes with everything! And speaking of, other than the array of colorful basics, the main event at UNIQLO is the humongous variety of cashmere (think shirts, scarves, and sweaters galore) in about 15 different colors.  And their cashmere is wonderfully affordable, as far as cashmere goes.  And I did get the best black cashmere mini-dress great for traipsing around town in at UNIQLO. Overall, stop by at UNIQLO when you're south of Houston (read: How-ston), and grab yourself a cashmere sweater or 3.  I sure did!
I would like to preface this by saying: I am a sucker for color-coordination. Seriously. Once a store arranges clothes by color, I swoon. I got some great jeans here ($39 is not bad at all!) and can't wait to use the free alteration service soon. Also found really comfortable underwear in the boy-short variety. (I feel like it's socially acceptable to Yelp about underwear at Uniqlo if it's boy-short style). I also found great inexpensive tank tops that I want to buy in every single color (only downside that they're a bit see through so I usually have to do some creative layering with them..but they are amazingly soft!). Basically yes it IS similar to American Apparel in that you can get a lot of great staple items. But it is a LOT less expensive and still seem well-made. That's the best way to do it in my book.
Very cool place. Heard a lot about this store, so had to stop by our first day in NYC. A little bit of everything. Has decent stuff for modest prices, which is the draw. Bought my first cashmere item here, a coat and I really like it. Also bought a pair of denim and as a lot Yelpers point out, free alteration. Finally, a pair of jeans that's just right for me. I realize that New York has a lot of people who wear slim/skinny fit denim, which there is a large selection. But I am more of the stocky/thick fullback type, not fat mind you. Just wish they had a wider selection for us. I heard and read that this place is the Japanese Gap, which I agree. Good customer service and selection of stuff should satisfy you. Worth checking out.
I have no idea why I'm reviewing this, but then I always come across New Yorkers all the time that doesn't know about the LO from Japan. Not Polo, but Uniqlo. I would say that this is the Japanese equivalent of H&M except that I think the quality is better and they have a lot more selection of clothes for men. This is the only Uniqlo in the US, so don't sleep when you want to get something because once it's gone it's gone. I try to hit up Uniqlo every 1-2 months and it's always crowded, but they are always staffed with a lot of employees so you'll never be waiting on line for a long ass time. Don't sleep.
Heavens be praised!  Finally an answer the ghettoed out shitshow that H&M has become.  And it comes from...Japan.  Who knew?  So apparently the Japanese have figured how to make good quality clothes at cheap prices that are basic enough to be functional, but stylish enough to be a cut above Old Navy (yes, I realize that's not saying much, but go with me here...) And if every leading fashion industry magazine can be trusted, this stuff is built to last.  Bravo. The new store is gargantuan and beautiful, just the right amount of form and function.  Everything is easy to find, it appears they have tons of everything in stock and cashmere is on sale.  Need I say more?  I will definitely be buying my basics here from now on.  Sure, it's been a little overhyped, but seeing is believing.  Just go, buy a sweater or 3.  It's a happy happy place.
My FAVORITE place to shop in SoHo! I love the prices and I love the quality! $100 can get you a lot here. I fell in love with this store in Japan, and since this is the only one in America, every time I come to NYC, I always pay a visit. Right now they have the UT collection of t-shirts that feature different cartoons, and they are UBER CUTE. Disney, Tom and Jerry, Tweety, and Care Bears for girls, and One Piece, Naruto, Dragon Ball for boys. All are very reasonable price, so I want to get them all! haha One thing to note is that their sizing is different than Japan. The ones in Japan sizes are marked with a sticker on the tag. The American sizes are bigger because I was an M/L in Japan, but I am a S here. The website doesn't offer shopping online, but apparently you can purchase items over the phone and have it shipped it anywhere in the continental US. You just have to pay for the shipping and handling. It was nice to know this information because I live on the west coast, so I don't get to visit this store often. I also heard that they are opening a store on 5th Ave. It will be nice to go visit this one when it opens.
We need a location in LA please!!!! I loved it here, the quality and price of clothes was awesome. located in Soho... Some say it's trendy, but i think its contemporary yet hip? if that makes any sense.  Must shop here when in NY. Going back  in January. :]
Great basics, a bit above Gap. Not as sexy as American Apparel, but that's not their aim. Cool collaborations with designers. Friendly prices.
Well 5 stars for the guy.  Im 0 for 2 here.  But I did see the sign as we were walking out that there is a King of Prussia location opening 2014.  Awesome news.  I honestly think that the guys have better selections.  The ladies' collection always looks too basic.  Though I am a fan of the heat tech items, they do wonders in cold weather.  The mens collection was more appealing to me than the women's.  The guy was finding articles of clothing he would have never thought too look at before, plus the prices are always reasonable.  There's always great promotions going on each time we visit.  My only riff about shopping here is it gets too damn hot inside!
One of my favorite stores for clothing in North America. Their socks, briefs, and plaid shirts are the best.  Also great for outerwear, sweaters, and some other essentials.  High on style, performance, warmth, and great for slim and tall men.  Their store is well merchandised.  Their check-out lines are well-organized and designed to move people through while still being friendly. Of the locations in Manhattan, the SoHo one is my favorite (and one of the originals).   My only complaint is that their most popular colors are usually GONE in M and S by the time I make it in, and they rarely have more stock coming in those sizes.   Free alterations on pants!  Bonus!
This year, I didn't buy any shirts, but I got two pairs of jeans. Winter promotion, banzai. 10 dollars is not even enough to buy raw materials. Free alterations. There is virtually no difference from the original.
Good quality clothing from Japan, nice designs and good prices.
Love, Love, LOVE Uniqlo! Specially when it's only in New York City. Love that I can mix my clothes with ANYTHING! Prices are WAY affordable with any other brands. I love it when I go to other states, people compliments my outfits, I say it's from Uniqlo. Their reaction: Where can I get that? I say... New York City and some other countries Their reaction:  Must be expensive huh? I say... Cheaper than Any Other stores. Their reaction: OoOoOoOoOooh......... Things that you don't pay much attention while you're shopping at the store.... Staffs are very disciplined, fast, friendly, and Makes every rack sooo NEAT.  Big Props for the CEO off Uniqlo!
I'm not a fashionable/hip dude, but even I felt cool in the "Japanese Gap," which should probably serve as a warning sign to anyone who actually is fashionable and hip. Thumbs up on relatively cheap, reasonably unique clothing.  Hopefully a SF store is in the works.
Love love LOVE this place!! This is my go-to store whenever I am in NY. The heat-tech technology is amazing for the cold winter months. Do stock up. The store gets pretty craazzyy during the holidays (along with every other store in soho) so do allow ample time for trying and buying. The deals they have are great too! I bought a hat here that's gotten compliments back home! Uniqlo, please do me a favor and expand to somewhere closer; I could really see you in Vancouver BC. Otherwise open up the online store so I don't need to traverse 3000 miles to pay you a visit :)
Incredible selection, with good prices, of: jeans, polos, oxford shirts, underwear, socks, boxer briefs, sweaters, chinos... the list goes on. I think most of my clothes are from Uniqlo at this point. Free hemming. The jeans are REALLY GOOD. They have $40 selvedge! The underwear and socks are great. Lots of stuff in bright, solid colors, with no logos.
I effing LOOOOOVE their tights. They are seriously indestructible. Cute patterns (including my eggplant/grey/black argyle tights)? Yup! No holes or runs after 3+ washings (where I outsourced my laundry to the laundromat and put the tights in a lingerie bag)? Yes, ma'am! Decent price (anywhere from $5-$15)? A-OK considering their longevity. I swear, these things would survive a nuclear bomb - or, at the very least, they would last through a ride down the infamous concrete slides of Golden Gate Park's Children's Playground...SANS CARDBOARD SEAT. I also dig the Heat Tech leggings.  Said "Tech" really did work during last night's 20-degrees-outdoors outing to acquire some cookies.  Note that you should probably size up (unless you like the camel toe look).  Then again, maybe I wouldn't need to size up if I stopped with these cookie outings? Hrmmm... Anyway, I'm not 100% sold on their other clothes.  They're serviceable and Gap-esque and come in a variety of colors, but nothing too mind blowing (and not much that fits me too well, either, for that matter - I guess the Japanese do not have the boobies?). That said, the tights...are hella...TIIIIIIGHT. (Gawd, do I live in the '90s or what?) Peace!
I was excited at the prospect of checking it out. I have to say I was impressed with the store. It's just massive and exciting; plus, I think they do really well with their men's collections. But after like an hour of browsing for myself, trying on, and carrying jackets and pants around the store, I put everything back feeling like I'd wasted my time. I will continue going in to look for basics, but I don't know if I'll ever get around to spending any money here. I love the lively colors and the clothes fit OK ... I just can't justify paying these prices (I think like $160 or something for a jacket?) for clothing that's available by the ton. The quality is definitely superior to H&M and I prefer the design over Gap (I hate the Gap), but we are blessed to live in the a city where designer clothing can be found at 50% of more off of retail prices within a reasonable time from its release. I guess UNIQLO is like the secret that everyone already knows. What it's missing is the excitement you feel over a fantastic find that you know is going to turn a head or two; the kind that gives you license to smile stupidly all week and makes you just want to dash to the register with it hidden under your arm so you can whisk it away to your closet, ASAP.
Oh UNIQLO, how I HEART u. I don't know if it's a good or bad thing that you're only in NYC right now. Good for my wallet, bad for my closet. There are so many items to peruse or buy - from Japanese trends to their heattech athletic wear. Everyone that works there is super nice and helpful - prob the only store in SoHo that has helpful and genuinely nice salespersons.  On our week stay in NYC, we visited the store 4 times.  Yes, you read that right, we made the trek to SoHo from the UWS four times. They often have Special Promos going on and you can get staple items, such as sweatshirts, merino sweaters, or jeggings, for a cheap or a very resaonable price. I could've bought so much more had my luggage allowed for it.  Please come to SF or at least the West Coast.  I'll even take LA.
affordable clothes, yay! change my life forever. bright lighting, simple models, spacious layout.
$99 cashmere sweaters are nothing to pooh-pooh at. But here I go. Pooh-pooh. Surely I would have bought more than the one black pullover given such a bargain price, relatively speaking at least. Oh but I didn't try it on at the store. When I finally did at home across the country in San Francisco, I was slapping myself silly wishing I had gotten a few more since you can't order UNIQLO merchandise online. So soft, so nice....I was falling in love with my sweater, but I had to break off the affair. No matter. I'll be back when I deserve another one. It's a cavernous store with shelves of colorful clothing on two floors. The glass stairs make me a bit nervous as stair tumbling runs in my family. But oh, it is a good place if you gotta go...the restrooms are clean and tucked discreetly to the side on the first floor. UNIQLO is a Japanese-based clothing store. No surprise as the place has a new-wave Asian feel to it. It looks like this will be a regular shopping destination when I go east.
Love this place.  Even on a Sunday it wasn't so crowded that it was overwhelming, because the place is SO BIG I don't think I've ever felt uncomfortable. Minus one star cause they don't make shoes big enough for my feet (size 10), and a lot of the t-shirts aren't long enough for my body (5'9" with long torso), but plus a million stars because they have jeans that fit me and look hot-to-the-touch and they make some of the most comfortable workout gear I've ever seen.  Plus--they are just so simplistic and yet fashionable at the same time.  Way better quality than H&M.  Definitely pieces that will last quite a few years.
I've only ever bought the basics here, but I love the quality. Great solid color v-neck shirts, patterned socks, and "innerwear". I've read that they are able to provide such great quality by producing in such volume that they basically take all the demand for a fabric run. You can tell too, the quality of materials is definitely superior to a place like H&M or Old Navy but at the same price. I can't really speak to fit or durability for the other products but for the basics its my go to location.
UNIQLO is excellent for modern basics and colors. The fit is slim, I guess based off of Japanese sizes, but things can be tailored to fit you. At the moment this is the only UNIQLO is the city, which means it can get CRAZY crowded, but two new locations will be opening soon. I love UNIQLO for their sweaters and blazers in classic styles and reasonable prices. I also like that UNIQLO is able to stay on trend without resorting to copying other designers and filling their store with low-quality items that you can only wear for one season. Also, a word of advice: if you see something you want, buy it. Many a time I have left empty handed thinking I would come back for an item to find it had sold out in the two days I spent thinking about. Hopefully this won't happen when their are two more stores. Also the sales representatives are helpful and funny.
As a general rule, I prefer to shop alone. Shopping is my religion. It's holy time. You know how you're supposed to have a close personal relationship with God that just about you and God. It's like that with me and Shopping. Because when I do go shopping with someone who has knowledge of the clothes in my closet, the conversation goes something like this: Me: "I'm going to try on these gray sweaters." "Okay . . . hey, don't you already have a couple gray sweaters?" Me (impatiently): "Yes, but those are wool. These are cashmere. Totally different. Plus I don't have these shades of gray." Later. Me: "I'm going to get in line to pay for these now." "Sure. What are you getting?" I show the stuff. "Why are you getting three of the same sweater?!?!" Like an angry mama bear who doesn't want to be separated from her cubs, NO ONE is going to deter me from buying my precious gray sweaters, I roared,  "They ARE NOT the same sweaters. They're ALL TOTALLY different. See! This one is a lightweight sweater for the slightly cool nights and this one is a heavier weight for the cooler nights. And look! They're different shades of gray. The heavier one is two shades darker. AND THIS ONE is a cable sweater, so it has a totally different texture. NOT THE SAME AT ALL!!!" Uniqlo is my Mecca. I love Uniqlo because only Uniqlo allows me to have a fine distinctions that I desire in my basics. It's not the most fashion forward place, but when it comes to good quality basics, you can't beat it for the quality and price. Every time I come in, I know for $20, I'll walk out with something adorable. So whenever I feel the urge to add to my gray sweater collection, I hop on the train to downtown and start my worshipping.
I'm not too crazy about the staff, but the clothes are fun. The store is very sterile... and immaculate, I feel like I'm in a hospital or something...but a. Fun. Hospital (?) I like their graphic tees, and the prices are really good, but don't be surprised if you see 149 people within a month's time with the same thing on (oooh...awkward)...
The first thing that struck me about this store was the quality of the clothes.  These are better quality clothes than comparable American chain stores and at better prices (especially when on sale!).   It was love at first sight when I first shopped at a Uni Qlo in Yamaguchi, Japan while I was teaching English.  The Japanese size small was the best-fitting shirt I had ever worn, and thanks to Uni Qlo I have since come to learn that my true American size is XS, which is difficult to find (though easier these days).   The service in Japan was exceptional.  Pants are measured hemmed for free as long as they're not on sale.  Belts are measured and trimmed for free as well.  The anime/art t-shirts are very (pun) unique, and as I said before, everything is higher quality than I'm used to getting for the price. Love this store. I'm looking forward to seeing them open up one day in Chicago and either San Fran or Berkeley. Until then, I will have to order via phone: Toll Free 1-877-4UNIQLO (1-877-486-4756)
My first impression of Uniqlo was that it was just like H & M but maybe a little nicer and a bit more expensive. Everything seemed to be pretty basic. Simple sweaters in most basic colors. Nothing really caught my eye, but at the same time I didn't spend much time in there. I guess based on all the other reviews, I should spend more time in there next time.
THANK YOU, UNIQLO, for my 2 pairs of skinny jeans that fit me like a glove.. TAILORED gratis for my short stack self, for a grand total of $59.80. you couldddd make my ass look bigger, but there's always fried chicken for that.
Went here 'cause someone who is not me got advertised to enough that it was decided that a "Heattech" t-shirt was a must for winter. This isn't the location that just had the Grand Opening, but boy, it was still crowded! Lots of human logjams by said t-shirts. Lots and lots of Japanese and French was being spoken. (Japanese makes sense; it's a Japanese store, I think the French might have been because of the Statue of Liberty's 125th celebrations?) It's laid out very confusingly - it was very hard to figure out which sections were men's, and where coats might be found... it all seemed kinda mixed up, intentionally. The advertised sale items are indeed very cheap, but all the other items aren't so much. It's midrange clothing, at midrange prices. The store reminded us of a higher-end version of H&M. Lots of basics, nothing really remarkably stylish or unusual-looking. Looking through the racks, I had doubts about how durable a lot of the items would be. It remains to be seen if the Heattech shirts live up to their advertising... will "Japan Technology" let us down, or no?
WARNING - if you have no will power you will spend lots of money (or if your an impulsive buyer) because things are just so nicely priced! They have lots of basics which I like, I dont like to get too fancy. And I'm happy that for once the guy's section isnt smaller than my closet at home! Theres tons to look at  and theres ALWAYS SALES going on! I feel like everytime I go in there I end up buying something....I swear the people who work in Uniqlo's marketing dept are geniuses! The fitting room usually always has a line to it because theres just so many ppl. Please don't be stupid like me and bring only 1 thing to try on. Bring EVERYTHING you see to try on because you don't really wanna get back on that line after you come out.
Wow this place has totally change since I last visited in 2005! Before, it was dark, a bit stuffy, and small. Now, its bright, white and bright colors everywhere, floors of clothes, clothes, and clothes at great prices! I can't seem to remember if it's 2 stories, or 3, as I only went to the main floor and bottom. Their Heat-Tech clothes seemed really cool (stays warm from your own body heat) but I didn't pick up any as I don't quite need it in CA as they do in NY. But asked a lady in the fitting room line if it really works, and she said it does. picked up their jeggings as I heard they were great, and picked up 2 pairs at $40 a pop. Quite excited to wear them. They have great stuff here, definitley recommend taking a look around!
OK so I just have to say I HATE the name of this store. Because I can NEVER remember it and it annoys me. LONIQUO. QLONIQ. Ugh! But it's right in the heart of SoHo just up from TopShop/TopMan and definitely worth a look. I have to say however, the main room, looked like a lesbian truck driver unloaded a semi truck full of flannel. Yep. Too much flannel. I know it's winter and I grew up in Minnesota, so I know cold. I've never like flannel shirts, sheets or whatever. Plus now I live in Phoenix and wearing flannel makes about as much sense as Jennifer Love Hewitt's career. Undies. Yep. Undies. I scored some very cute (if I do say so myself) undies for $5.99 each. Take that you overpriced $30 2xist underwear! UNIQLO...did I get it right? Ugh! Oh and their website sucks ass! FYI.
I wasn't as impressed with UniQlo as I had hoped to be. They have an awesome run of artist tees at their New York flagship store (largest UniQlo in the world), but other than that they didn't have anything very interesting. The vibe was similar to H&M, with a little bit of American Apparel style. They're expensive too, much more than I thought they would be. They have some cheap plain tees and a few other staples, but they're not remarkable, and don't have the brilliant fit that American Apparel has. Lastly, their flagship store isn't anything special either. A few cool facades, but the rest is is all business.
I recently moved to NY, hailing from warmer weather I needed to update my wardrobe to withstand the "new cold" and relatively cheaply as it was such a large upgrade. Enter Uniqlo. It's the right size (except for the pants, however I have problems with pants full stop in America, fit's in the waist, however ridiculously oversized in the leg) for petite's, and is incredibly comfortable wearing. I bought five heat generating long sleeved tops (equivalent to thermals) at $12.90 ea and they go under all my work and casual garments. They withstand the laundrymat (another NY phenomena for me) and really keep my vitals warm. Not to mention they smooth over bumps and lumps, a unrealised bonus at the time of purchase. I also have sensitive skin and most of their materials don't bother it. Great clothing store for layering and basics. It fills in between my second hand boutique purchases that I love from the Village.
Uniqlo is the Japanese version of H&M or Old Navy.  $70 "special promotion" cashmere sweaters felt thin and cheap.  Wear your sunglasses - the bright neon will blind you.  We bought a couple heattech t-shirts and will test them out when it gets cold outside.  I can't imagine buying antything else of substance there.
I've been buying my cheap-o jeans from Old Navy for years now, but the last couple of times I went, all they were offering were these annoying low/super-low/too-low-rise jeans that barely covered my ass.  So I've been walking around for too long in the only pair of non-low Old Navy Jeans that I could find, even though they're still quite ill-fitting.  And I haven't really been jeans shopping since then because the prospect of trying to squeeze my ass into denim was just too depressing to bear. Until I gave Uniqlo a chance!  It had been so long since I had put on a pair of jeans that made me go, "Damn, girl!  You look goood!" that I had forgotten what it felt like.  These jeans fit like a glove and made me want to check out my ass in the fitting room mirror more than once.  What a frikkin' sigh of relief!  (And yes, I could still breathe in them once zipped up!) Now, I should say that I found that the jean sizes ran a bit small, which is odd since their basic shirts seem to run big.  And the length of the jeans doesn't really matter that much since they do FREE on-site alterations.  That fact alone earns them 4 stars in my book since I'm a shorty who ALWAYS has to get her pants hemmed.  And I was pretty satisfied with the price ($40-$50), even though I had gotten used to spending $25 a pop at Old Navy.  It's worth it to pay for jeans that make you feel good!  (Besides, I consider that price to include the FREE alterations - did I mention that yet??) So my final assessment is that UNIQLO stands for: Unbelievably Nice Inexpensive Quality Leg-cover (aka jeans) Offerings
I wasn't much of a fan until Jil Sander started collaborating with Uniqlo! Let's just say I'm a TOTAL luver of the J+ line sold here! It's super reasonably prized, especially compared to the Jil Sander line and the bonus is, I'm paying practically NOTHING for the exact same minimalist & clean designs I adore Sander for! The quality of the J+ line is made of quality fabrics and unlike H&M or Zara, the clothes doesn't feel or look cheap. The service is extremely helpful and nice which is rare in NY. All the salespeople are very helpful without being bothersome. I hope this collaboration continues til eternal....
Loved it! As usual I find something to buy even tho I need nothing ! The staff is great and the store is always wArm! A+ . The same goes with the London or Paris store! Cheers!
Awesome store!!  They have everything here.  Good quality and stylish clothing and very reasonably priced.
As y'all know, I'm not exactly the Ashley Olsen-body type. I think I'm more the Merlin Olsen-body type. That being said, while I love the stuff here, especially the designer tees, their size measurements tend to skew towards the smaller rather than the larger. So an XL large here is more a L every other place (except H&M, which does the same thing).  Everything I looked at, I already knew that it was not going to fit. The store itself is one of the better looking stores in SoHo. I love the design, so sleek and yet so simple. I love that I can take the elevator up to the second floor, when in reality its only two short flights up. Theoretically, if I want to fit into their clothes, maybe I should take the stairs next time. But the elevator is oh so convenient and its right there. Another great thing is the pricing. I saw a bunch of those designer tees for $14 and alot more that were less than $20. So if anyone gets a t-shirt from me as a present, you know where I got it. I'm telling you: SoHo is pretty much a shoppers Disneyland. Thank god for credit cards, that's all I'm saying.
I'm a fan of Uniqlo.The staff is always friendly and they offer an array of clothing types. You can buy a business suit, underwear, a casual hoodie, khakis, or swimming trunks...all in one visit. Whatever you want to wear, they have it. I even saw kimonos on sale at one time. You get your pants hemmed up for free, usually within the next day. They accept your credit card with two hands and give it back to you with two hands...super Asian! The upstairs dressing room for the men's section can get long, but be patient. I go during the weeknights when Soho is dead after 6 or 7PM. The store can get very crowded on the weekend.
The only thing I like about Uniqlo are their thermals and cheap throw-around cashmeres. Yes, the clothes is priced at a lower price point and customers seem to enjoy that... but let's talk about quality people. This stuff won't last you more than one season! I DO enjoy that their pants come with free hemming (great for us petite ladies out there). I DONT enjoy the long lines, hot temperatures, massive crowds and everything kind of looking the same. Maybe it's just me, but I'd rather purchase clothing that lasts and doesn't feel like fine sandpaper.
1 of my fave stores!  i work in the area and i have to refrain from walking by or else i would be super broke. there are weekly specials so eventually all items will be on sale.  love their heat-teach items!  Tons of basics for super cheap.  The quality is good as well (IMO better than old navy, gap and H&M)  When my friends visit, they always want to come here to shop til they drop.
If I stopped going to Japan so frequently, this Uniqlo will be partially responsible! This split-level store is bigger than all the Uniqlos I've seen and has a more open, classier and trendier feel. The only thing that's inferior here is the service. No one will repeatedly greet every customer, "ira-shaimase!" But I find this practice to be quite annoying, so yes...I'm giving this branch all 5 stars. I'm fond of Uniqlo clothes because they're more on the conservative side - perfectly suitable for the working professionals. And their quality is superb compared to how much you pay for them, which is little, and they last fairly long unlike the equally cheap attires from GAP, Old Navy, etc... You don't often come across fine cashmere sweaters for less than $100. They also have outstanding mark-downs/clearance items (on the bottom floor) that are going off season. Lastly - thankfully the clothes sold here are made in US-standard sizes...so you don't have to get an L or XL when you're actually an M in the US.
Don't you just wish that all of your favorite clothing stores were this big and this well designed.  Huge (3 floors), bright, and everything is easy to find and look at.  Plus, you hardly notice the staff, which is great because I hate stores with employees who follow you around and dissect your every move. Unqilo has lots of jeans, and very well priced (guys $40-$60).  Plus, free alterations, although it can take a couple hours depending on what time and day you are in the store.  Tons of t-shirts, and they start in size XXS because that is how the Japanese do it.  If you want basic shirts and plain polos (no logos), then Uniqlo is for you.  They have every color. I can't speak to how long the clothes last, in terms of washing and fading and watnot.  However, the clothes are well priced, and so possibly worth a try.  At least go and check out the stores design.
How does one describe Uniqlo? Take the Gap and H&M, and give it a Japanese twist.  I bypassed the tshirts and basics, and went straight for the J+ line. Got two new stylish coats for my closet at half off:  a blue wool blazer, and a bell shaped puffer with a funky hood (Very Kenny South Park Japan). The store can get a little crazy. Go early.
pretty much where I go now to get filler items for my wardrobe. When some stuff is on sale I definitely see many people wearing a certain item on the streets of this fine city.
Wow crazy cheap clothes with an anime vibe.  Think H&M merging with American Apparel after taking a romantic trip to Japan together.  Oh how I wish this store was closer to me. The sizes are awesome.  I'm not a big guy but i must say fitting into XS and S definitely made me high five one of the staff.  I walked out with 4 tshirts, which easily could've been much, much more, for $30.  I had to talk myself down to 4 items, it was really hard.  Furthermore, the jeans are $40, and they'll tailor them for you if needed. I was limited in what i could carry back to Jersey, so i stuck with the shirts. I will come back to buy other items. This store is huge. 3 floors of quality clothes with colors from every crayola crayon in a 64 count box represented. One of the brightest stores i've been in.   UNIQLO, Japanese Gap or Japanese H&M, whatever you are, you are awesome.
Japanese Gap.  Expensive and not much of fashion.  Just regular causal clothing, but just too much on price.  I guess only people living in Manhattan can afford it, even I work at the Island.  I prefer using my money to eat. Anyway, if you never been JP.  You can go there for a one day shopping.
I love this Uniqlo!!! First, there is a bathroom on the second floor which already earns in 12 stars for tourist like me.  Second, the selection of clothes is just insane and everything is so darn affordable.  The employees are a mixed- some are more helpful than others.  I ended up buying a pair of khakis for $10, all stretch jeans, terry dress, 2 mens long sleeve shirts, and a pair of men's shorts for all around $100!  This store has great sale sections hidden in the corners of each floor so you really have to take your time going through everything.  My only wish is that they carry the no iron shirts that they have in Asia here.  All in all, you need to go to Uniqlo!
My impression of the store was not great because they were remodeling, half the store was closed off and it was way too full of people. Will have to try again some other time.
Not my favorite Uniqlo, but this location was the first in NYC. With its growing popularity, this location in Soho worsened. For the popular items, they often run out of sizes! Sometimes they run out of the whole line (in the case of the Heattech socks during the winter)! Also, I have no idea how they set up their store. I don't know if they have any way of organizing their clothes. You basically have to check out the whole store if you have a particular thing you are looking for. The other day, I was looking for shorts that can be worn as pajamas (Uniqlo's Relaco Shorts). I searched and searched. Finally I found them all the way in the back (opposite side from the cashier). Go to the other locations at 34th Street or etc. They have a wider selection and they typically have all the sizes and colors.
If you are willowy lad looking for a good shirt, go to uniqlo.  The sleeve and torso length are quite appropriate - something you wont find at similarly priced franchises. Buy a shirt at uniqlo for $30-$40, alter it a bit more for $10-$20 (to narrow the sleeves and down the back, if you can't do it yourself. For $50 or less (with a little work), you can have the perfect shirt. Uniqlo can make it happen.
This is a massive store which can still get crowded on the weekends, and that's entirely because Uniqlo products are that attractive. Though the designs are simple the prices and color choices bring me back time and again. The sales associates are also quite helpful (when I grabbed a few sweaters while wandering around one sales associate came up to me and asked if I'd like a shopping bag) and keep the place from turning into pandemonium. I do quite enjoy shopping here.
Really love walking into this store anytime im in soho. They always have great items in. There are plenty of associates to help as well. When buying any pants its good to know they tailor for free and you can usually pick them up the same day.
Their clothes are understated with simple, clean lines.  I can picture Japanese people wearing this stuff: hoodies, jeans, broadcloth shirts, trench coats, t-shirts.  Lots of striped clothing, some boxy pieces, some colorblock items.  They have a small kids' section as well.   I like how they have manga tees and even Yum Yum donut tees.  The novelty tees are quite reasonable ($15.50 in many cases).  Right now they're featuring the art of Jean Michel Basquiat and Keith Haring on tees.  Novelty tees at Urban Outfitters will run you $24-28.  I bought some leggings for $10.50 and they're really soft and comfy - great price.  I expected the prices to be higher than they actually were. Downstairs they have some loungewear and undies, shoes, and more tee shirts.  They sell umbrellas and shopping bags too.   They also have some designer exclusives (the Designer Invitation Project), currently featuring Juliana Jabour who offers loose tunics and tunics.   Why is there only one location in the US???  At least Australia doesn't have one and neither does continental Europe.
LOVE YOU BUT HATE YOU. Love you for being cheap. Hate you for having cheap clothes. Love you for the funky shirts. Hate you for fitting me strangely. Love you for having summer kimonos that I got sucked into buying. Hate you for only having instructions in Japanese for something so complicated not even a Youtube video in English can help me figure out.
Pretty much, this is a decent spot for basics and cheap cashmere (Uniqlo buys from mills off-season). It's not groundbreaking fashion, but it's a go-to spot when you want to replenish the old wardrobe stand-bys at affordable prices. This store is huge, so the range/selection of clothing may seem surprisingly narrow. Many of their items are simple and repeated in multiple colors. Don't expect to see any "fun" pieces like cocktail dresses or anything. This is just a place for sportswear.
It's the Japanese version of the Gap, only a little more fashion forward with their basics and a much better color palette.
Uniqlo is what H&M in Europe used to be before they started sprouting up everywhere in every suburban shopping mall.   The quality of the clothing is exceptionally good and very reasonably priced.  The styles are less trendy-'Forever 21'ish, and more on the classic basics tip - but with STYLE.  Sadly, we came in-between seasons and didn't have pick of the Fall collection or a chance at pieces from their occasional guest designers. Why is it that SF is closer to Japan, but NY gets a Uniqlo store first?  Boohoo.  WaahWaahWaah.  No Fair.  SniffSniff. ;(
If you need clothes that are functional and last longer than a couple of washes, then this is your place to shop. They have an amazing selection in terms of color for their most basic items (undershirts and tanks). Price is definitely on point as well. They offer free alterations on their pants even the ones on sale. They promise to have it done within 3 hours.
Like an oven, Ok that place has serious issues with the AC, went to the men floor to look at some shirts i thought i was in the oven baking. So freaking hot, hotter than the outside, plus the amount of people there just wanted to leave. Looked at a few things and wanted to get out fast just an uncomfortable shopping experience. loos of stars due to oven like feeling.
If Uniqlo had going-out clothes, shoes, swimwear and sexy lingerie, I'd never shop anywhere else.  Easily half of my wardrobe is from Uniqlo and I can't get enough of the place.
Despite the madhouse rush due to Black Friday shopping, Uniqlo still manages to deliver high quality goods for a low price and remain less disheveled, despite the masses pawing through the nicely folded clothes over and over again. Their floors are organized with undergarments and accessories at the basement level, women clothing on ground floor and men above. You need a plan during the holiday season, esp with hordes of people gaping at deals and becoming obtunded at the choices in front of them. It is best to run towards the top or bottom floor and figure out what you need from there. Or grab what you want and make your way to another floor before you become stuck. You can try your luck with the elevator and get bumped into again again (akin to being punched by a air hammer) or beeline for the stairs at the opposite end of the entrance. Yes, they had deals, but I suspect Uniqlo has deals regardless of the day and still delivers on friendliness of staff and clothing display. Also their check out line is amazingly fast for the volume they serve. Go check it out!
One word... cashmere! They have the best selection of sizes, cuts, and colors for mens cashmere sweaters that you will find under one roof this side of Tokyo.  And the cuts are very European so they are not tailored for fat Americans and actually fit small guys like me, and at a very descent price. Hooray for UNIQLO!
Not just another H&M Recently discovered UNIQLO and found it to be pleasingly trendy without the trendy pricetag. It definitely has a "look" that might not be suitable for all, but finally here is an alternative to the mainstream at mainstream prices
I always take my out-of-town friends here and girl or guy, doesn't matter, they always love it.  Personally, I can't shop here because even the extra-small seems to swallow me whole.  But I enjoy the bright lights, the bright colors, and the atmosphere that is comparatively clean and calm to stores with clothes of similar pricing and quality.
If you look up "overhyped" in the dictionary, you'll find a picture of UNIQLO holding up a giant sign that reads "Oh, oh, pay attention to me!". Yeah sure, it's Gap meets H&M, and that's all fine, except I pretty much detest both those stores. It isn't really so Japanese either, in the sense that you won't spot a lot of people in Japan dressed in these. The clothes themselves aren't all too bad, tad below average for my taste. The prices are just a tiny bit high. That explains my 2 rating. The store itself is really something though. The design and environment is really slick. I keep thinking this was old Canal Jeans building, but I'm not sure. There are shelves like 50 feet high. Fancy. But stupid. I'm assuming this conversation has happened at least once: "How am I going to get that?" "You can get these down here, it's the same one" "But I want that specific one, up there" And what's up with the employees? They all have crazy hair. It's like an army of living Troll dolls in there.
My favorite clothing store, hands down! Whenever I'm home, I frequent this place as much as I possibly can. I'm kind of addicted. To avoid the crowds, visit close to opening and closing and on weekdays. I always go during these times and I never have any problems walking around. I was definitely impressed on Black Friday when they amped up their already awesome customer service by opening all of the dressing rooms and stationing staff members everywhere to help you out. Variety of clothes is amazing; you can find anything you need here infused with Japanese simplicity and style. Be sure to check back every few weeks or so because things tend to go on sale quite often, especially during the winter. Also, visit the men's section, they usually have quite awesome bags and stuff up there that I never knew existed. Purchases aren't too hard on your wallet, either. Also, you have to love the free jean alteration. According to one of the staff members, if you need to get your jeans hemmed after you've left the store, just bring it back to the store with your original receipt and they'll alter it with no problem. Much appreciated, no? Now if you don't mind, I am off to complete my cardigan collection.
I was New York this summer and my friend told me that it is important that we swing by Uniqlo during our SoHo portion of the trip. I bought some clothes for work and casual wear. We even made two separate trips to the store. I wished I had managed my time properly to get my pants altered as Uniqlo offer it for free. I hope they open a store here in LA in the near future. I will definitely go there to shop as well as many others who enjoyed their visit at the NY Flagship store.
The men's clothing here is SHARP. They have an astounding variety of colors and always carry some really unique styles. The prices are great too! They even do free hemming on pants. If you're into t-shirts with graphics, they have some pretty cool designs. Definitely one of the best and most affordable clothing stores if you're a guy.
H&M's slightly more attractive half sister hails from Japan, where she learned the fine art of pricing poorly made clothing well below her competitor's. The $40 jeans will probably not last until next season, but did I mention I'm in publishing? And did I forget to say it's non-profit publishing? Anyway, I was told by a perky folder that Uniqlo will hem for free- in half an hour!  Love at the first fit.  After my card was swiped, I was told the wait would be more like two or three hours. Fast forward a week later, and I still haven't pick up my new jeans.  Sigh.  I suppose that $40 price tag and a free, fast hem is too good to be true. Mama always told me you can't judge a shop by its folder.
Some of their styles I am not a fan of, but generally the clothes are good. More pricey than H&M and Old Navy, but the quality is a little higher. It's all about the puffy jacket hats.
I love this place! Affordable basics and the quality is pretty decent. I always hit this place whenever I'm in NY. Was just there in October and stocked up on skinny jeans (which fit great), cashmere ($59 -- what's not to love??), and discovered HEATTECH under shirts. They're lighter than regular t-shirts, but keep you warmer. And they really do and are perfect for the cooler weather in SF. Now you can order them online, but only HEATTECH. Hope they have online shopping for the rest of their line in the future. Really wish there was a store in San Francisco.
in three words: a japanese h & m. i wish i could take advantage of their hemming service though!  come to california, please?
here's the skinny on uniqlo: SKINNY JEANS! men's skinny jeans! after some unsuccessful shopping misadventures, the skinny jeans remained as elusive and reclusive as hipsters in kensington. after a fruitless search in soho, after my son had resigned himself to a skinny jeansless existence, after being told twice that many men/boys wear women's skinny jeans, the goods were delivered here. real live men's skinny jeans!
Some choices this store makes are more appealing than others. I cannot live without their $20 cotton cardigans/jumpers, nor their $3 V-neck tees. What I miss is a high-quality dress line, to complete the experience of shopping at a clothing supermarket.  I would love to find slim-fitted, soft cotton, nicely finished white and blue dress shirts. Not to mention a stylish selection of casual blazers. Is that too much to ask for? Instead, you will encounter grandpa's old chestpocketed, and/or collarbuttoned shirts, as well as bad-part-of-the-90's blazers. So: a fine selection of casual basics, but venture to the other side of broadway if you're shopping for well fitted dress attire.
The whole store was extremely full. Tons of great promotions going on as well. The store staff were super friendly and very helpful. 1 hour later, I racked up quite a pile at the front register such as: -Flannel Shirts for $25 -Denim Leggings $19.50 -Knit Blazer $49.50 -Tights $4.40 -Turtlenecks $19.50 There are tights and tees that are labelled Heat Tech. Those are great finds. It is relatively warm. Great selection of merchandise, great quality and great price. Need I say more?
Love love love this store I just wish they had one in DC or at least an online shopping option. I love their witty t-shirts, and all of the clothes are at the right price point. The store is beautiful, simplistic and spacious! That's just how I like it.
Definitely one of the few brands which offers a lot of good merchandise to it's customers. This store is huge and is spread across mutiple floors. The layout of the store is really nice and considering it is Soho is not cramped at all. There is a lot of merchandise where is very reasonably priced at Uniqlo. Specially during the sale there are a lot of dress shirts and pants for men which are of good quality and they sell it a good price. According to Uniqlo falls between Zara and H&M in terms of quality and price. The staff is super friendly and helpful. Just expect to wait in the line for trial rooms a little longer. A lot of people come here to shop on weekends. FYI - They offer in house alteration too.
This place is a zoo everytime I go, but fighting off the hordes of fellow (or rival?) customers is usually worth it.  Most American sized clothing fits me a bit large or long; I've found that Uniqlo's stuff fits me the best without requiring the services of a tailor.  The fit of +J shirts is great especially if you're on the slim side. I always have to be careful when shopping here since I can easy drop a ton of money on a bunch of stuff I never intended on buying before arriving.  Assuming that my size hasn't already been picked over, that is.
When I'm visiting NYC from out of town I make a point to come here at least once a year.  Even with the long lines and heartbreak of being out of my size, I love Uniqlo!  It's the only place I can consistently get well-fitting basics in so many awesome colors - and so cheap.  I spend about $150 every time I come here.  I wear every single thing that I buy, and everything launders great.  No guilt!  Be prepared for insane crowds and pawing through heaps just about any time of day or night, but if you want classy basics in terrific colors, Uniqlo rules.  Also unbelievable sales, such as fancy fine merino sweaters for $20, cotton cashmere cardigans for $15, etc.  And the $10 lace trimmed tanks are my favorite, a work staple under sweaters. Secret: Come in the half hour before closing.  A lot of stuff will be re-stocked for the next day and the lines aren't quite as bad.
My friends really like the place, but I've only gone on Saturdays, which is a ZOO because it's so popular. Basics are nice here, and prices are decent, but not totally my style. If you're ready to fight the crowds on a weekend here, then this is your place!
The trick to this place is to go on off hours. I made the mistake--along with the rest of lower Manhattan--of seeing what the buzz was about and heading in there on its first day a few months ago. I work down the block so had seen the photographers and crowds around for a few days previous, as well as all the ads for cheap cashmere. And cheap cashmere it is. I don't recommend buying the sweaters; from feeling the material and trying one on I could tell that it would stretch out and lose shape pretty quickly. On the other hand, the sweaters are cheap enough that maybe it doesn't matter if they're crappy, and they're sold in lots of cool colors arranged pleasantly along the wall. It has already been noted that this is like the Apple Store four blocks away, and I can't imagine that this is unintentional. The walk up to the men's section is eerily like the wide clear staircase up to the Genius Bar on Prince. And it gives you the same feeling of cleanliness and safety. Like, if you bought an outfit here and then a Nano there, probably everything would start looking up for you.   I'm writing this review b/c I bought my first ever suit yesterday, and here's how it happened: I went around four o'clock, so the place was almost empty, and found a black jacket, and then found the black pants that went with it, and estimated what my size would be in each. Then I took these items to the fitting room, where I didn't have to wait, and tried the ensemble on. It fit perfectly. This has never happened to me in my whole life. It was like the Sorting Hat in Harry Potter: there was no argument. The clothes were relatively cheap (I'd checked out some suits at jcrew.com and they were pricey) and I was probably in and out of the store in under ten minutes. It was the most pleasant purchasing experience ever, except I suppose for when I'm starving and buy pizza.
Great warm high tech clothing at reasonable prices.  Thin and warm.
Love this store when it first came out. Its crowded now. But you can always find something here for your liking.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this store!  The jeans are really good quality, not expensive, AND shorties like myself can get them altered within 2 hrs of purchase.  The only slightly negative is that you have to put the pins in yourself where you want the alteration to be done, so try not to poke yourself & make sure your pins are even :)
One of my favorite retailer in NYC. And if I ever move somewhere else I want to put it in my backbag and take it with me *cue in Dora the Explorer backbag song!* The store is big in Soho standards and consists of 3 floors. The entrance floor has mostly women clothing, graphic tees and some men's wear. For the latter, head up to the second floor for the complete stock. The lower floor has basic tshirts, pjs, lounge clothings and often my favorite place to scout out items on sale (definably check it out, if you are a girl). This floor is also where you pick up your pants after you asked them to hem them for you. Yes!! They will adjust the pants' length to fit you, for free! So when you shop pants here you don't have to worry about the length just take care of the sizing of the fit horizontally speaking. That is totally awesome in my book. Uniqlo is generally well organized, pleasant staff and mostly well stocked with all the sizes for each particular style (unless they are in some kind of sale... and you go there a couple of days later, then good luck. They go on sale for reason, they want to get rid of it.). They carry far more beyond the basics (tees, socks, tights, tanks, underwear, etc) in 5+ colors and they have something for work wardrobes, outwears, and simply structured dresses. Uniqlo provides good quality and good, fair pricing for their merchandise. This retailer might lack uber trendiness and is more muted compared to H&M but their products are better made and not cheap looking. (Toss it into the washing machine and you'll see... ) By the way, they have been teaming up with Jill Sanders for the designer line "J" in Uniqlo. Very nicely made pieces (mostly dressed up than casual) so I recommend you to stop by here before you head to Banana Republic.   For the closing paragraph, to know what's going on in the store, check out their website that has look books and catalogs. Some items will have sale price that you can only see in-store. Must I point here that I don't understand why they don't have an online store... wouldn't that expand their business across the rest of the U.S.?
Ordered jeans online by emailing customer.orders@uniqlo-u… and am eagerly awaiting shipment :) Dealt with Lina who was helpful when i gave her a list of links to clothes I wanted on the UK website.   Unfortunately nothing I wanted was in stock .. so I guess UK / US carry different items. But she was definitely very helpful in helping me find something. I picked up another pair of jeans (what I bought last time) because their premium denim at $56 with shipping beats my $117 citizens from nearby Macy's hands down. Please open a store in LA / OC (but also please don't let it become over-rated like H&M and Forever 21)
This is definitley a store I check out when I'm in NYC as there's no store in Boston. This place has some bright colors, cool japanese anime t-shirts and other good quaility stuff cheap (compared to Gap,BR,AP,etc). I've been to the Japan store and they even have better stuff there at the same price as in the states. This is a must visit store in NYC.
they had a wide variety of stylish clothes - from funkychic/alternachic to preppy; just not necessarily in stock in my size, which i guess is too popular.  i wear size 30/32 or maybe 31/32 pants, and i couldn't find any jeans in my cut in my size.  i tried on super skinny fit, skinny fit, slim fit, and regular fit.  super skinny and skinny were too butt tight for my taste.  regular was too baggy.  i wanted slim fit, but they didn't have any in my size. in general, i like a lot of their styles of clothes.  i think it's a japanese company and they make good use of japanese style.  i'm sure they're capitalising off the whole harajuku-wannabe trend.  it's hard for me to say whether it's a good thing or bad thing that "asian is the new black."  i mean, it's nice that my race is considered stylish, but uh... i don't know if i want it to be such a fashion statement or fashion accesory, right?  "why stop at a hello kitty purse?  the ultimate fashion accesory is an asian boyfriend on your arm."  good thing, bad thing?  i don't know. a week or two ago i watch lee hyori's "u-go-girl" video.  you see?  _that_ is everything gwen stefani's "hollaback girl" video _should_ have been.  y'nah whaddahm shayin'? the clearance deals are in the basement.
Uniqlo had me at XS. I have tiny shoulders - though I prefer to say Im "slim" - other retailers have fitted or slim lines, but the cuts are still usually too baggy / puffy. Everything I tried on at uniqlo was actually slim, and each item had an additional ten+ variations in color or patterns. And then their is the cost - $29 for the dress shirts - $29 for the plaid shirts. Affordable cashmere... etc etc. Just wish some of the 700 plus uniqlo stores in Japan could find their way over to various US cities. Or have online ordering. Another reason to move to ny I guess. The fitting and checkout lines were crazy Saturday afternoon, so I decided to come back Sunday morning right as they opened.... There was a line..not a long one, but still a line in the rain without any promotion or special event. I am considering returning in the near future to ny being sure to visit uniqlo. oh - and the dressing room associate was kind enough to tell me I was having trouble fitting into one particular xs because it was a womens shirt...but that it still looked good on me.  hun, maybe another size perhaps? - he suggested.
I would say my review is a little more unique as to the fact I've been to a couple of Uniqlo's while I lived in Japan and I must say, the US Uniqlo is definitely a larger but less uniqe Uniqlo than abroad. In Japan, each Uniqlo is, like its name, Unique. One of my favorite places was in Tokyo, just between Harajuku and Shibuya, where Uniqlo has a T-shirt only store where the T-shirts are sold in canisters and are limited editions. At the NY location, I feel like the selection is so huge that there is sort of a dilution of the brand right when you walk in. You get the feel of sensory overload, not enough time, and not knowing where to look. Albeit, their t-shirts are very nicely designed, and I looovvee their jeans, everything else is sort of generic (like everyone says, just like H&M). but i still give it a good rating because it offers solid stuff for a great price, even if after you leave you realize that twenty people just bought the same shirt you did.
Love the free alterations. Love the clothes. Love that it's in the best city in the world. Now that I've moved out west, I often find myself thinking about how much clothing I'm going to buy at UNIQLO the next time I'm in town!!! Seriously, I miss this place.
I think the store is a perfect mix of H&M and Gap.  They have some business separates and well as jeans, plain t's, and hoodies.  I've never been to one before, as I believe this is the first in the U.S.  The store is pretty huge....a main floor and one below and on top.  Everything is really organized with a huge men's jean wall on the first floor and a huge wall of merino wool sweaters on the area between the main and 2nd floors.  I loved the vibrant colors, but I think it would be better if they had more styles of merchandise because things started to get repetitive.  They had all the simple basic items like t's and hoodies on all of the floors.  I would have preferred a floor for each type of clothing, but hey, maybe there's a reason to the madness.  I ended up getting a pair of dark grey jeans for the bf ($29) and a grey tunic-length tee with a black applique bow ($15.50).  I think it was worth it.  Also, I believe the most expensive item I saw there was a men's jacket for $100 which is again reasonable.   I wished I got a pair of their skinny jeans because they had a plethora of colors and when I picked a pair up, ir looked like it would fit like a glove.  Why didn't I get a pair or two?  The long lines for the dressing room.  Minus 1 star for that and the long cashier lines. Too bad they don't have one in the bay...I think it would be a hit!
Okay, truth be told, I'm little. I'm 5 foot nuthin' on a good day, and I have these puny chicken legs that are teeny. For my entire life, I've had to have my pants hemmed and altered, regardless of the length ("petite" and "short" lengths, my foot!). That's $8 per pair of pants that I have to add on due to the cost of alterations! Ugh. But not at Uniqlo!!! Free same day alterations, and it only took two hours. I went walking around after purchasing my jeans, and BLIGGA BLAM! in a couple hours, I was good to go! On another note, thank you very much to the friendly associate in the dressing room who helped me find a decent pair of skinny jeans for my oddly shaped body. Skinny legs, tummy pooch, and a flat wall butt were no daunting task for this guy, and he helped me to choose a pair of jeans that looked good. :)
This is quite the store to look at.  From the outside many viewers gaze in at the numerous colored sweaters and shirts that line the wall from floor to roof.   In my mind, this place is a more trendy, better designed H&M.   The prices arnt too bad for a store in the middle of Broadway.   While I was in NYC I only had bought one or two things there but they have held up quite nicely to this day.   If you like simple styled clothing, in dull or super bright colors I would DEF. reccomend you stop by UNIQLO while on the walk down or up Broadway. Im sure your breath will be taken away by the three floors of clothes, clothes and more clothes.
First Impression: I still remember the time when I first visited this store when it first opened in Manhattan. I can't help but to purchase two polo shirts ($19.90 ea) right on the spot. Their price are just TOO reasonable. Summary: Uniqlo had definitely grown in terms of style since it first opened. The architecture of this store (3 Floors) is NONE LIKE OTHERS, it is bright and once you enter the store, you will be welcomed with a HUGE display glass box of manikins. They carry very CLASSIC style of clothing and to be honest, clothing quality can vary a lot. Some clothing are NOT good but DEFINITELY not bad either. What gives uniqlo its name is that it processes a DYNAMIC (and i mean....DYNAMIC) range of style, and their forte lies on advertising and promoting JAPANESE CARTOON (anime) and imbue them in fashion (tee shirts). Their clothing can really get ARTISTICALLY ORIENTATED and that's what makes Uniqlo unique. It's also true that some of the clothing style/material-wise/similarity can also be found in H&M, however, Uniqlo have a more defined collection of them in terms of color and style. Something to Note: There are some conditions with Uniqlo's collection of sizes and lengths of Jeans, Chinos or maybe some other Bottom-wear. That is, If you're normally a 30x30 in Levi's jeans or any other jeans, the chances of getting a 30x30 in Uniqlo is ABSOLUTELY 0%. 32 is apparently their smallest size. But FEAR NOT ! because Uniqlo does FREE ALTERNATION which makes up for the "flaw" (which really isn't) that they may have. Chinos, on the other hand,  have the smallest size of 34 in LENGTH (GG, good game). So people like me (very short.....) will have a hard time, but will have to request for alternations. I love their Chinos, it's designed to be Slim, and it fits perfectly, except for the length of course (which can be fixed by alternation) Material : Most of the jeans have material of 1% spandex designed in them to make them flexible and to fit people like me (too fat). Their 1% spandex REALLY HELPS because Normally, people who can't wear SKINNY, will probably FIT a skinny in Uniqlo. Give it a TRY (I know i did). Material of Clothing can really vary, so keep in mind of that. You can't go through SOHO without checking this store out. Definitely.
If you were not a believer in skinny jeans, I ask you to try on a pair from UNIQLO. The fit is fantastic.  The price is right.  The alterations are free.
UNIQLO was one of my favorite stores to get basics in Japan so there was a certain feeling of nostalgia going into the store. In Japan, they had these tank tops that were perfect to wear under other shirts and I loved them because they were a little bit longer so they fit perfectly. Unfortunately, they didn't have these same tank tops when I went to the UNIQLO in New York, but I did find some other basic shirts for fall/winter layering, some comfortable lounge wear and tights all for reasonable prices. Especially since New York doesn't charge tax for clothes making these bargains even better. I wish that I could have made it there on a weekday when it wasn't the mad house that it was on a Saturday because I may have found some other things but I wanted to stick to things that I didn't have to try on since the fitting room lines looked to be easily over a 30 minute wait. My boyfriend however was very disappointed by UNIQLO because he expected to find the same deals on jeans that he would find in Japan, but unfortunately he didn't. It turns out that like in Japan they do complementary pants alterations.
I heard people rave about this place because of their famous "HEATTECH" line or whatever. I still don't get how it works and how it's so "amazing" because when you take a look at the materials, it's like a polyester/nylon blend with some other stuff...oh wells The stuff looks like a Japanese Gap mixed with an American Apparel flair (minus the hipster-ish ness) that is all made of decent quality. You can find 90%cotton/10% merino wool or cashmere blend sweaters for $29 and cotton t-shirts for under $10. Their heat-tech long sleeve shirts come in oval or v-neck cuts and are $15 retail or cheaper when on sale. I guess people are also a fan of their socks for winter, too... I'm not crazy and about to dress in this head-to-toe, but I have to give them props for some simple, staple pieces that everyone needs in their wardrobe - Uniqlo will do it... When can you please come in San Francisco...??
I never heard about this place until my friend told me about it. The quality of the clothes is amazing, especially for the great bargains and prices. This is the only store (another one in NY) in the entire US so take advantage if you are in NY. I stocked up on all the tech clothes with SPF and dry technology. Investment!
Let's see.  I bought a black, cotton, short T-shirt dress here for about $10 on sale and I have never worn any item of clothing more than this.  In the summer with gladiator sandals.  In the fall with a long cardigan on top.  In the winter with tights, boots, and a scarf.  In the evenings with a belt and stilettos.  I just read that the jeans are altered for free?  Okay, why have I waited so long to come back here?  I'm on my way in 3...2...1...
Uniqlo gets five stars from me simply because: They provide FREE hemming for any pair(s) of pants you buy over $19! O_O!!!!!!!!!! Buying pants/jeans is a pain in the *** for me because I ALWAYS have to have them tailored first.  Uniqlo will make your alterations and you can pick them up THREE HOURS later! I don't know if any alterations place can top that! Back home, my tailor usually takes at least 3-4 business days. After getting my jeans pinned to my desired length, I did more shopping, went to eat lunch, shopped a little more and it was already time to pick up my jeans! Went to the register and the girl remembered me from the drop-off. I left with two brand new pairs of jeans, perfectly hemmed! Bravo, Uniqlo, bravo! __________________________________________________­___________ *I should also mention that there are a ton of tanks and simple tees for under $10, and nice blazers, jeans, dresses, etc; you can definitely shop here and stay under budget.   ** Another important detail: CLEAN RESTROOMS that customers can use! Which, as I found out, can be extremely difficult to find when shopping in NY.
I am a simple guy.  I don't like flashy pictures or the name of a brand all over my clothing.  I'd rather the clothes just speak for themselves as quality.  I'm also kind of cheap. This is my place.  Now, the sizing is a little different.  In American stores, I would be Medium to Large.  Here I'm more like a Large to XL.  For those of us that are a little skinnier in the waist where 29-33 is more your fit that those 34-36 people, you find plenty of jeans. I got some dri fit like shirts for a good deal - shirts/shorts 10.50-15.50 - usually 25-35 at other stores.  Cargo shorts for 19.50 usually 30-40 at other stores. The line to try things can be long so if you have a friend that is barely looking for anything have him/her start standing in line for you.  Be sure to check the the 1st floor right back section for things on sale - usually about from their last promo. I admit that there are some color schemes that are not as "manly" - pastel colors of lavender, pink, purple, but most of their dress shirts are the typical professional style. This will always be one of my stops when visiting NY.  I barely buy clothes because I wear them until they are worn to shreds. - Hey, those 1999 shirts make great shirts when you got a diy project. They need more of these stores around - keep it simple, keep it good quality, and always do free alterations.
My wardrobe is about 50% Uniqlo, 30%custom printed AA ts and the rest is assorted weird shit. Like kefeyas and Arab robes/galabiya and shit that I wear around the house when I'm feeling like some freedom of movement down under... it's a long story.... Good basics; Japanese salvaged denim is affordable and normal jeans are downright cheap. Cashmere cardigans are priced under $100 and tshirts are $5. Shit, they used to be $3 but I mean somebody has to eat. Think of them like the Japanese H&M or Gap, but not as poorly-made or tacky as the former nor as pricey and bland as the latter....
Like the 99 cents store, you kind of just end up with stuff in your bag because it was cheap. Unlike the 99 cents store, you can't wait to rub your naked body in UNIQLO goodness. Can you please move yourself to San Francisco now? We're closer to Japan anyway.
This is place is great in that it has great prices and the designs are much more colorful and attractive than what you will find at H&M. On the other hand, I have gone into the store literally a dozen times attempting to get some shirts for myself only to find that they have no XS, S or M sizes. I mean, cmon, we aren't that fat of a country, are we? Also, it should be said that even a XS at UNIQLO is freakin' huge. I guess a great place to find t-shirts to sleep in?
I absolutely love this store!!! I'm a guy who usually shops like this: I need jeans. I'm going to the store to buy jeans only. in and out in 10 minutes or less. done and done. But, uniqlo turned my shopping habits upside-down. Every time I go to this store I always end up buying something that I didn't know I needed. There is just so much selection and the quality/prices make the clothing a great value. I'm a huge fan of the $20 jeans with complimentary alterations. Yes, that's right... FREE hemming. As a shorter than avg. guy (5'3''), this is a complete godsend. The displays are always fresh and amusing, so even if you don't find any clothes that day, you WILL be entertained! uniqlo for the win!
This place gives me panic attacks when its busy but the clothes are decent.  Great for basics and usually priced very well.  The free hemming is pretty great.  The pricing of the denim doesn't make sense though... I went there once and tried on about seven pairs of jeans.  The two best pairs I tried on cost 19.50 and the others fit poorly and looked kind of cheap but cost 39.50. Don't expect too much from the sales associates... not their fault though, they seem kind of understaffed. ALWAYS SAVE YOUR RECEIPT, they cannot look purchases up through your credit card even though it is 2011.  I learned the hard way.  I usually always save my receipts but you know, shit happens.  Just wish it hadn't happened when I accidentally bought cropped leggings (pay very close attention to the words on the packaging for their leggings because you cannot open them or try them on). Do yourself a favor and only come here on a week day morning.
sooo 70 + have reviewed before me, so im pretty sure you get the picture by now, ill keep it short and sweet its like the gap but cheaper,  and with alittle more personality great quality jeans for $30, just saying... thats a steal.. and the staff for the most part is super cute, and helpful .. always smiling
Once upon a time there were two stores named American Apparel and H&M. They loved each other very, very much and wanted to mate for life, creating an offspring that would culminate their two visions into one flawless package. As they were making love, their neighbor Gap interrupted their love making and pushed H&M aside so he could make love to Ms. Apparel. She, H&M, and Gap had a threesome. 9 months later, she gave birth to a beautiful baby, but was not sure who the father was since the baby had strong characteristics of both. So she gave up the bastard child for adoption. He ended up in Japan, becoming a phenomenon selling quality fashion basics at reasonable prices. Obviously from my story you can tell that: a) I've spent too much time thinking about what other stores this store is similar to b) I have too much free time on my hands c) Why did I personify AA as a woman? But yes, this is my new go-to destination for anything basic and solid colored. Hope they have leggings in the fall!!!!!!
Visited the store again on my last two trips to NY. This is not a store where you are an average American size. However, if you are chubby-for-an-Asian-but-smaller-than-American (me) or very tall and skinny (boyfriend), you will most likely find something here. The pants they carry do not work for my curvier frame, but I have found some great basics, tops, and dresses that I wear all the time at home. The staff has always been friendly and accommodating even when it's chaotic or near closing. The other night, my sister sent me here to investigate "bendable plaid shirts for guys". WTF does that even mean? I felt stupid asking a sales associate, but she knew exactly what I was talking about and showed me what stock they had left. I read an article on how they train their employees and it sounds tough. If you work/ed at UNIQLO, you could probably work anywhere. There will be another storefront opening soon on Fifth Avenue. It will be huge and shopping there will be an endeavor normally reserved for Century 21, but we'll be there, with credit cards in hand.
Loveeee Uniqlo. I wish they'd open more stores in the US so I don't have to make the annual pilgrimage and stock up. It's a great place for the basics (I don't think I'd buy any of the graphic tees). Especially the socks! Patterns and colors for every occasion and 4 for $9.90 is well worth it. Seriously bought ten pairs. The oxford shirts are also good, as well as the polos--well fitting, non descript designs but solid enough quality for the price. The basic dry tees are very comfortable, and I'd also highly recommend their vintage chinos. The people working here have also always been nice and cheerful. Unfortunately the sales are often pretty limited, and most of the clearance stuff is likely to be XXL or XL as well...either way--one of my favorite clothing stores.
This store is like h&m except there's more bright colors, I love their jeans and their reasonable prices. Before Uniqlo got "big" their prices used to be A LOT cheaper just like how H&M was remember? So yea i guess it was an upgrade. LOL
I discovered Uniqlo 2 years ago when I was living in Seoul. At that point in my life, it was my favorite clothing store I have ever been to because they have a lot of plain essentials, like American Apparel, but way more affordable. When I heard they were opening a know store in SoHo, I actually checked the date it was open, so I could plan my annual trip afterwards. Since Uniqlo is based in Japan, the style is very derived from fashion-forward nation. My favorite things about Uniqlo is not just the clothing, but the clean and creative design of the store. Which is kind of part-Wonderwall and part-rich person's organized closet. Anyways there is a 3 story high t-shirt wall which promoted the artist design series. However, it was not as exciting as in Japan, where they actually had the shirts in canisters. They offer a lot of nice plain tees, which to this day, are my favorite pieces. The artist-design tees are hard to get because they are each limited. Pantone has been popular in Japan for a while, finally it is here in America by way of Uniqlo. Pantone is kind of a gamut of different colors that are available for everything from shirts to cell phones. The denim here is top-notch. It is by far the most affordable piece of selvedge jeans you will get in America. And the best thing about Uniqlo, the clothing don't have tags behind the neck. Praise the Lord. But sometimes it makes it hard to tell which side is the front. Anyways, I am so jealous that NYC has this store, and LA doesn't. I am hoping that since Supreme, ALIFE, and BAPE moved here, so will UNIQLO. Oh when are they going to have a webstore =(
I'm no fashionista, but when Jil Sander has a yearly collaboration with you, and you have actors such as Charlize Theron and Orlando Bloom modeling for you, you should know the place is "Uniq"ue :) oh and btw this is the only location in the ENTIRE US! Extra stars points!!
Today I did something very ghetto. I went to Old navy and retured a pair of black jeans that I bought an hour ago. Dude, why should I keep a pair of jeans that will only turn boxy shapped and washed out after a few washes when I could get two for the price of one Old Navy Jeans at Uniqlo?   Hello?! Shittttttt... I  can not even begin to tell youhwo much I love this place. The quality is is on point, the clothes are comfortable and affordable......what more can I ask for? The customer service is impeccable. They all seem seem pretty genuine and that says alot for retail workers in NYC. Trust me. I am one. Those jeggings they got there. SICK! I buy 3 at a time when I can. Look, the place is the shit! check it out.
very love.  no logos, bright colors, quality goods, reasonable prices and good specials, neat displays. thankfully, Japan has adjusted sizing for us, fat americans.  They have cool graphic tees in a huge selection which are usually all limited edition.  guest designers.  the staff is dressed hip and they are helpful.  great sweaters, jeans, outerwear.  check out tights in fun colors. FREE pants hemming, 24 hr or same day.
UNIQLO is COOL. The prices are reasonable and the store itself is eye candy! i've never seen so much colors in one store. For a really big store with 3 floors i'm surprised they can manage to keep this place in good shape. After working in retail myself (F21), kudos to them.   Although I didn't get to buy anything I think I peed in my pants a little cuz I was so giddy with excitement...especially since i've been holding it in for an hour =P
There's lots of great clothes here with styles that suit me well. However, this place is so crowded with so much stuff. I just felt claustrophobic the whole time. The store's a bit hard to navigate and very difficult to maneuver through. Perhaps it was just the Christmas season that made the store so unpleasant to shop in. I did make out of it with a lightweight jacket for $50. I admire all the workers there, because the line was about the size of the dumbo ride at Disneyland. Yet, the workers were really fast and efficient and I got through the line fairly quick. Props!
Very disappointed in the company.  Wearing my uniqlo coat near an outdoor heater and the coat began to melt and feathers were flying everywhere.  Luckily I wasn't seriously injured.  Called the company (never got return phone call as promised twice - finally called a 3rd time and requested to speak to supervisor) to inform them and asked for a replacement coat. They DENIED my request.  What would have happened if the coat caught on fire!  I could have been burned!  First and last time I would buy a product from this company!!!!!!
Japanese version of the GAP.  Very affordable, good for basics (tees, wraps, sweaters); not for original one-of-a-kind 'wow' pieces.  Very much like this place though.  Super cute tights (would you expect anything less from Japanese school girls?)
Four floors of basics straight from Japan--what more can I ask for? UNIQLO reminds me of my days spent abroad in Tokyo, but I don't think I ever ventured into such a large UNIQLO store while in Japan. The place was packed, which I suppose is the norm for the place. Long, long lines for the fitting rooms and for the cash registers; could serve to be a nightmare for someone who wants to try on the clothes! But, this is New York; can't avoid the lines in most places. The store was heavily promoting the HEAT-TECH clothes, so I bought one of the shirts. Apparently, these shirts have "Japan technology" to keep you warm when wearing the shirt, even though the shirt looks like really thin material...I have yet to wear the shirt, but I'm curious to see what it's like. :P Fairly reasonable prices for some basics (scarves, hats, etc.). They seem to have different specials every day, so depending on the day you go, you might be lucky and score a $7.90 item. :)
UNIQLO needs to open a store in Vegas! When I went, it was packed! Got a pair of chinos for $20. One thing I like about this store is that they have pants that only has a length of 34 therefore, they do alterations for free. I had to wait one day for my pants to be done. Quality of the clothes are great, but I just don't like that fact that I have to hang dry my chinos. I'm more of a dryer person.
Teehee... I have been wearing head-to-toe HEATTECH since December!  I don't even remember the last time I saw my own skin!  So comfortable, so affordable, so warm! One blip: the cashmere cardigans used to be slightly unstructured and layerable with a Noho vibe, you know what I mean?  Like you can wear it open, with a large oversized tank underneath, or layer it under a hoodie and a motorcycle jacket, all cool and blase like? But now the cashmere cardigans are super preppily cut.  They have that upper east side country club slight bubble-fit, and the buttons are all fancy beads instead of flat plain buttons.  It's actually probably technically more well-made but dammit "spelling bee champ" is not really my bag! -- Updates 12/08/2013 The Oxford shirts are slightly less nice now.  They've lost the little flap by the elbows that you can use to button up the sleeves when you roll them up. And the interior is lined more simply than before. It's definitely been streamlines to be cheaper to make, and I'm kinda sorry I bought 3 (!!) in a weird frenzy. The Uniqlo version of the ubiquitous long, black, puffy coat is LEGIT. The inside of the hood is lined with this super warm but cool-looking, nubbly, fleece that reminds me of the cool girls in 9th grade who smoked out back in the library parking lot. The thing is crazy warm and doesn't have all the unsightly horizontal perforations that many such jackets have. The fake fur lining of the hood is not embarrassingly fake-looking. The cut on the XS is slim, but you can still fit a giant hoodie under there. There's a lot of attention to detail and if you zip and button up all the doodads, you don't even need a hat/scarf/gloves.  If you're buying online, I would caution against the army green one, which, in person, looks just a bit too much like a non-army green coat, if you know what I mean.  If I'm going to wear a sleeping blanket with sleeves, I'd rather get it black and look like an ornery old lady than get it in color like a ...mom!
I only come here once a year but I always come out with something.  The prices are already reasonable and so it's even better when they have items on sale.   Plus no tax under $110 or something like that in NYC.  If you're looking for great work clothes check this place out.  This place seems always packed so prepare to wait in line in the dressing rooms.  They also have custom hemming if you need them to do so.
A UNIQLO in the US! An odd experience, I assure you, as my one and only spotting of the store was in Singapore. Granted, I didn't have high expectations when I entered. The selection of styles and quality of materials at the Singapore location was lackluster. The Soho location begged to differ. I came in the store determined to find winter basics to protect my California-dreaming self from the bitter, crisp cold winds of New York, for which I'd have to learn to suffer through later on. UNIQLO had cashmere sweaters, long and short down jackets, fleece zip-ups, earmuffs, scarves, wooly socks, and the like. UNIQLO provides you with the "necessities" of your wardrobe, the backbone so to speak, at a relatively affordable price considering the type of material, like cashmere, that you're purchasing. As many others have mentioned before, it's a step (or two or three) above Forever 21, Old Navy, and H&M. HOWEVER, the styling of the clothes is relatively uncreative and unlively. I must say that in the design aspect, Gap reigns above UNIQLO, and not below it. UNIQLO's color scheme is a palette of white, black, grey, and nude. Less lace, less print, less flowery, less texture, less complexity of colors. Yelpers, may I enlist your help?! I walked out with a fleece zip-up and down jacket, but am still in search of EARMUFFS. The ones at UNIQLO didn't seem heavy duty enough to withstand the winter months. Where would you suggest I go (in Manhattan) to find earmuffs for excellent winter coverage?
You see this store a lot on What Not to Wear.  They have a lot of well designed clothes for reasonable prices.  Think of Espirit, H&M, Gap, and bits of Urban Outfitters cooked together, then given lots of soy sauce and bonito shavings for Japanese flavor. Things That Were Awesome: ++Detail.  A contemporary to minimalist aesthetic.  Classy enough for NYC but casual cool enough for LA.  I love their limited edition artist  and manga/anime shirts.  The material is soft and breathable.  The shirts have designs that don't scream 'I LEIK DIS OTAKU JAPANESE-U STUFF' or 'UNIRONICALLY IRONICALLY ROCKIN DBZ YO' ++Huge store.  I could stay in here for hours finding new clothes if I didn't have dinner commitments that night. ++Reasonable prices.  This ain't Old Navy dirt cheap.  However for clothes imported from Japan (jeans included) this is tough to beat. ++Japanese jeans.  Fellas you're going to have an awesome time.  The men's jeans selection is way nicer and more expansive than the women's section. Things That Were Not So Awesome: --Dressing rooms. Not enough of them for a place this big.  I did find the men's dressing room area moved faster. --It's hot in herr.  I barely walked through the door and I was already sweating.  Tons of people + no AC = Bad juju. --Japanese clothing sizes.  T-shirts and tops were wide enough but not tall enough.   Still, I'm looking forward to coming back to this store.  Just remember to dress lightly if you're going to try anything on
Great store with alot of variety at reasonable prices.  Really big with alot of open spaces which makes you feel comfortable and not cramped and stuffy. The shelves never end, they go all the way to the ceiling - and the ceiling is rather high :-P.  I think the fashion, not sure if trendy is the right word, but I in my opinion still rather presentable.   Good quality, presentable clothing for low prices - what can be better?
I am a big fan of Uniqlo. I shopped here years ago when I lived in the city for a summer, and well I still have the dress I picked up that summer. Good quality staple wardrobe pieces that are simple designs that have obviously far outlasted the H&Ms and Forever 21 pieces I've bought through time. What I don't get is why they don't expand to more cities. This is one of the reasons I come to NYC so I can go to Uniqlo...just another reason it is a shopping destination. I didn't even mean to buy anything, but once I realized I was close I had to stop in...and walked away with jeans and a nice sweater for under $100.00.
Uniqlo is like the Japanese H&M, but with better style (not that H&M is bad, just not as stylish as Uniqlo).  That being said, it's been hit or miss for me.  The first time I went there years ago, I racked up with a bunch of finds.  This time around, not one thing caught my eye.  My hubby, on the other hand, went on a spending spree buying up jeans galore and a few t-shirts.  it's hard to get good clothes for guys on the cheap, much harder than it is for women who have great options like Forever 21, etc.  I was happy he won out. I love the graphic tees for women and men and once summer hits, there are a few cute sun dresses in the mix.  If my summer plans take me back through NYC again this summer, I will give it another go.  Hopefully it won't let me down again. P.S. This used to be the only one in the U.S. but there are more now.  A new one is even coming to Baltimore.  Get ready!
A little pricey but I LOVE this store.  One primary reason I love it is that I can actually find clothes that fit me here: this is very hard since I wear a very small size.  I got a great business suit here a few years ago that makes me look like a bad ass vs. a frump swimming in fabric. Went back this evening since I desperately needed to go clothes shopping (particularly for shorts).  Came out with some nice pieces that will look great in my wardrobe & I expect will last for a while. The store is clean, well organized, has helpful sales people and decent fitting rooms.  I just wish the curtains closed a little better as you close them to try things on (I notice a gap on the side when I'm changing and that gets awkward) but overall, a good experience. They also have some affordable options and clothing with flare.  I would have liked to browse more but I'm sure next time I'm in the area, I'll return.
Why are the Japanese so much cooler than everyone else on the planet? This store, the only one outside of Japan, has great basics and unique (ha) pieces for ridiculously low prices. I was tempted to pick up a jersey dress, wool jumper, and shirt that were all on sale, but limited myself to a black skirt with what I can best describe as "handles" on the side, also on sale. Apparently their pants are very good quality, and they do alterations for free in-store - nice! The store itself is massive, three stories, all glass and metal. Pretty fancy. I'd never heard of it until my friend spotted it in Soho and suggested we go. It didn't have the overly-faddish vibe of H&M and the clothing seemed to be of better quality  - and for cheaper or comparable prices!
My fave new shopping place. When I come back I'll def save my money for their T-shirts!! Love the interior of this place. Made shopping so easy when you can see everything and it was a weekend with a lot of people!!
When are they going to open one in SF? I hate shopping, but I returned to Uniqlo on my last free day to pick up two more of their zip up hoodies!  (I would have ended up with one in every color if I could have!)   I actually enjoyed looking at clothes here and spending my money here too!  I got a bunch of shirts, and probably would have ended up with some jackets if they had any left in my size. It's like a GAP, but cheaper.  Not as trendy as H&M in my opinion, and simple.   Side note: They closed the downstairs dressing rooms during one visit, which you have to wonder why because there was a long line upstairs.  The curtains were pulled up, and since no one was around, i pulled them down to try on my clothes.  When I was 'discovered', they pointed out those dressing rooms were closed.  Oops!  My bad. I was also shopping at their temporary store, before their NY flagship store opened in November!  Damn...now I have to go back!
- Good for basics and simple clothing - FREE hemming on all pants and jeans - same day hemming is available but you  might have to wait 1-3 hours depending on the day - Tons of friendly staff members to help you out - Huge selection of each item, you're bound to find your size
HI. Yeah, Uniqlo.... Why are your sizes so large? I thought this was a Japanese brand.  I'm 5'4" and literally 101 pounds, and your XS is big enough to fit two of me. Now, I know that blousy clothes are all the rage, but come on. However, I do love your skinny tapered jeans. This keeps me coming back. They really are every bit as nice as my JBrand jeans. I actually find myself reaching for my Uniqlo jeans more often than my muuuuch more expensive pairs. Love the designers invitational project (or whatever it is). you're headed in the right direction, but take another look at your sizes.
I'm a very big fan fo Uniqlo.  It has slowly fought it's way to the top of my favorite stores list in NYC.  Quality, classic fashion, fair prices, and ingenuity for all!  Store is BIG.  3 floors.  1st floor = very cool display of mannequins in a clear case.  My only gripe and yes, it warrants a negative star is that the men's dressing rooms is about 1/5 the size of the women's.  What the?!  I'd like more imports of quality J-clothing, not sexism.  We already have enough of that around here, thank you very much.
Great spot for basics and a few interesting oddities to add to your closet. Their cotton tops with a bit of lycra are fantastic. Best thing is the on the go gratis tailor service. Purchase a few pairs of slacks, get measured by the changing room staff, and go snag a snack and some vino across the street at Boom. By the time you're done with your meal, they are done sewing that hem up the half inch you'd have to remember to bring to the dry cleaner to alter and fork over $14 for.
I fly from California to New York just to shop at Uniqlo. I even flew from California to China just to shop at their Uniqlos as well, but it turns out that even the flagship store at Sanlitun Village in Beijing doesn't carry cashmere or selvedge jeans like the NYC stores do. If you haven't already, you should read last year's feature in New York magazine on the rise of Uniqlo: nymag.com/fashion/featur… There's something about a mass-market retailer whose emphasis is on fabric -- and not on style -- that's won me over completely. Now, if Uniqlo would only come to San Francisco...
Try rikochetlimited.com
I need one of these in Chicago ASAP.  I went to uniqlo when they were still in their temporary location and managed to walk away with 3 work shirts and a pair of jeans at a crazy price.  All of their items are classic pieces at a great price, and the best thing is, there is no buyers remorse the day after!
I did a search of the reviews to see what I could say that hadn't already been said. I came up with some things. Over in the jeans section, while on a spending spree with Morgan, she came across something she wanted to take home with her. It was in jeans and a sweater and it moved and talked and at first I thought it was a mannequin but it was an employee. And a cute one at that. He hollered at Morgan in a most adorable way while I was trying on jeans that I didn't like the fit of in the dressing room. If you see something you like, just get it that day. Spend the money if it is quality. Don't wait 3 months and expect that it will still be there when you return. Only mainstay in this place is the cashmere. Everything else will be phased out seasonally. ((I hope to see you again soon beautiful Tasmanian Wool Trousers. Come back to me. We can have a lovely time together.)) I am very thankful for the colorful opaque tights! They are keeping me warm and still fashionable through the chilly winter.
I love Uniqlo!  This store is what H&M was 10 years ago- reasonably priced, well-made pieces in classic designs that I can wear to work or out on the town.  And they don't fall apart after a year or two. The store's usually busy (I come to this one when I'm in the area) but staff is pretty good about getting you what you need.  I bought a few pairs of jeans and some socks here recently.  The fitting room staff was nice enough, but you definitely are going to have to ask for different sizes if you need them- it's usually busy and   There's usually a long line at checkout but it moves fairly quickly. Since there's no Chicago location, I always come to this one when I'm visiting NYC and want to stock up on quality basics.
$3 v-necks in assorted colors (check) $10 polo shirts in assorted colors (check) $20 sweaters in assorted colors (check) Clothes that actually fit me (priceless)
I always come here whenever I go shopping in Soho. Their clothes are a bit boring for my taste. Anyways sale section in the basement for girls. Today I found a pile of wool sweater for only $10! The downside was that there were only a few colors to choose from and one that i had bought was ripped and stitched back. You should look over what you are going to buy before you buy it.
This is the US Flagship store and boy oh boy is it big! I love the way they have the cashmere sweaters all organized by color. It's like walking towards a rainbow! Uniqlo fashion keeps you in style and up-to-date without breaking your piggy bank. They have great selections for work fashion all the way down to sleepwear. And they even sell a pretty good selection of music on the 3rd floor. ps did you know if you go to the US website for Uniqlo, you can watch a real time video feed of this store? Yep.
Uniqlo isn't quite as cool as it used to be, but it's still THE BEST major clothing retail store in New York City. The clothes are stylish, quality, and always at great prices. The SOHO location is great because it's spacious but not overwhelming (like the 5th Ave. monstrosity). Oh, and for those new to the place, the J+ line, which is more pricey, has some of the sharpest rags in the store. That's where I do most of my Uniqlo shopping now.
I got myself 3 items from UNIQLO the first  time I went to this store. Thanks to YELP and I was able to find a nice and comfy fleece jacket for $20, plaid shirt for $20, and $10 leggings. I never find myself wearing the same jacket for a week not until I got this nice jacket from UNIQLO. When I got back home I realized that I should have shop for more items since there's no way for me to buy clothes from them here in California. How I wish they open up a store in San Francisco, LA, or at least online so I can shop from them again. *sigh*
Love this place. Prices are on the cheap side, and the selection is wide but also classic and accessible, IMHO basically a better-quality H&M. The reason this place gets five stars though is their free on-site alterations. It usually takes a couple of hours to a day, which is incredibly fast from what I know about alterations elsewhere. I'm a very short girl and have to get all of my pants hemmed as it is, even ones that are marked petite, so picking up a well-fitting pair of jeans for $30 and having them hemmed for free is amazing and so convenient.
Uniqlo rocks. $120 (tax included) got me: - a pair of slacks - a sweater - two t-shirts - two boxer shorts - four pairs of socks, all of which I think are pretty nice. Are you convinced yet? Even if you don't plan on buying anything, it's worth going just to check out the store: the place is gigantic and really cool looking. I love the big display on the first floor with all the rotating mannequins. The prices are dirt cheap. Some of the clothes are a bit too vanilla for me (hehe... who am I kidding?...), but a lot of them are still really nice.
I went into H&M a few times recently and it made me realize how much I miss Uniqlo in New York. All I keep hearing is how awesome H&M is, but if we had a Uniqlo in LA I would be hearing a different story. Their clothes are affordable and the quality is just so much better. Just touching their clothes you can feel that they were made from much better fabric. The selection they have is huge too. 3 floors high with clothes as far as the eye can see. Basically it is H&M times ten! I would spend more money here then I would at a mall. Everything I need in one place. I heard they are going to expand to the west in the near future and I can't wait. H&M just doesn't cut it anymore.
Great clothes, amazing prices, awesome style -- and best of all, they fit me, a 5'7" man who is sick of having to shorten shirts, sleeves, pant legs, and put darts in his shirts. Please open an online store or at least a store in California, where there are lots of guys who feel the same way!!
I had avoided Uniqlo for a long time because when it first opened I went there and found their clothes to be totally boring.  But I was tempted to go back last week precisely because I needed some "boring" clothes . . . and I ended up walking out with some pretty cool stuff! The major draw of this place is, obviously, the prices.  If you're a modest salaried employee and rely on the cheaper end of clothing stores to build at least 50% of your wardrobe, Uniqlo won't make you feel like you have to "settle" for cheap, poorly constructed clothes ala Forever 21.  You can get decently-made button down shirts for $40 or less.  You can get soft cotton tank tops 2 for $14.  But unlike H & M, the fit of the clothes is not hit or miss (i.e. some look great on you while others are strangely too tight) AND you can look good in them if you are over 30 years of age.  Plus they sell a lot of classic looks that aren't going to go out of style in 6 months (I'm looking at you, Urban Outfitters).  Their sizing is forgiving -- if you're a size 4 elsewhere, you'll be considered an XS here.  I spent a long time here trying things on, comparing prices and interacting with the friendly, helpful salespeople, and ended up walking out with lotsa preppy-cool stuff.  The take: -2 long-sleeved button-down plaid shirts -1 short-sleeved button down black shirt -1 short-sleeved gingham-check button down shirt -5 tank tops Total: $178.  Yes, I'll be back.
Easy Breezy Japanese-y is what I'd call a Uniqlo experience.  Think Japanese version of H&M. When I'm not feeling pretentious and shopping at Bloomingdales, I occasionally like to browse around for different general staples: anime tshirts, socks, polos, and dress shirts.  The polos are priced pretty cheap but has a good fit that even some higher-end brands fail to have.  I like how they also keep you pretty dry during the hotter seasons. The oxford dress shirts are pretty nice but my favorites are the checkered styled dress shirts.  I saw some shirts that I have bought just at Bloomies a while ago and returned them because it looked almost the same.  They both didn't rock any logos and since one was way cheaper than the other... price wins! With the extra I saved, i rewarded myself to a big meal. See? It all works out. My only gripe is that the pants are really hard to find a good size.  I'm generally a 32/32 and most of the lengths were from 34 and on. Luckily, free tailoring to get the right size but why not carry more sizes?  I asked the sales people but they mentioned they generally carry more on the longer size so that it's easier to "hem."  Also a warning, those "fitted" pants are really tight.  Unless your legs are like twigs, it's hard to fit in them. They are not the same "slim" styles as the American counterpart. Think Japanese skinny but even skinnier and you get their "Fitted" style. Or, maybe I'm just a fat ass and needs to work out more. But, I don't think of the latter; it must be Uniqlo. Unique? Not quite- it's a little mass marketed and the store is heavily crowded with tourists. But then again, what part of Soho is not? But, there's something for everyone, even picky pretentious shoppers who prefer certain brands. No, I'm not talking about myself.
I can't find a lot of things interesting except the cashmere sweaters. Most of the merchandise looks flashy and unrefined.
I've loved Uniqlo ever since I first set foot inside their Shanghai flagship store. I usually go there when I need some basics, like long cotton shirts that can be transformed into dresses with a chic leather belt (which you can also buy here), solid color button-downs and cardigans, and supafly double-breasted trench coats. I like to make believe I'm Carmen Sandiego when I wear my red one. The tank tops are kind of short (probably because my torso is disproportionally long), and the jeans aren't my favorite kind of wash or cut, but otherwise this store is perfect to buy your everyday staples. It's trendier than Old Navy, more on the Gap side, but slightly less expensive for the basics. So I guess it's the Asian Gap! ^__^
My roommate converted me to pretty much having my entire basics wardrobe come from this place. the cut and fit of their product is awesome and I can't find anything like it! I was amazed at the size and selection they have too. I guess its sort of like an ikea for your basic outfit building.
In the Bible, it says that we should not have any idols. Uniqlo is a store that makes me come close to breaking that commandment. I walked into this store, SORRY, this *REALM* of reversible parkas and tapered skinny jeans and almost drooled all over the floor. First of all, V-necks for 4.95? Yesplease. Second, t-shirt hoodies for 19.95? Doubleyesplease. Aesthetically pleasing to the eye, the store boasts a row of color coordinated clothed mannequins. A store employee almost caught me trying to smell them. I figure, if something LOOKS that good, they must arouse the other senses as well. Did I mention V-necks are 4.95? When I tried my clothes on in the fitting room, I yelled out, "Aw Yes!" Their t-shirts fit perfectly and are the perfect length- unlike GAP or BR where the sleeves fit but the length goes to my knees. I was a bit offended when the employee said, "If you normally wear a small, you're an EXTRA-small here." I didn't like that tinge of condescension but those feelings were overrun with joy that my shirt length was right below my belt line. Oui, je suis un petit garçon! Who likes 4.95 V-necks. The only thing I was put off by were the cardigans. I like my cardigans under 30 dollars, thank you. Any pricier, and I expect them to wash and dry themselves. But who cares when V-necks are 4.95. Don't let the coagulation of tourists slow you down. Just push your way through. It's the NY way of saying hello. And sometimes goodbye.
Ninj went shopping here while visiting NYC and he came back with a black merino/cashmere sweater and a pair of black Heat Tech leggings for me. The quality is spectacular! They're like my two favorite articles of clothing for this season. I wish they open a flagship store here in San Francisco, though. I hope I get to shop at UNIQLO when I'm in town - I'll definitely be on a super shopping spree!
If your looking for cute, stylish, and affordable clothing I recommend UNIQLO. The clothes are very different then anything else you can find in soho. Also at such a cheap price. With items such as $10.00 jeans, and $13.00 dresses. Also very good quality not cheap at all for the price. The clothes are very basic something that you would find at gap with a little twist to it. I didn't see a lot of crazy patterns or couture looking clothing. Just basic colors with cool and stylish cuts. The store itself is also designed very modern and new. With tv's with dates and motion pictures. There are three floors to the store with mens, womens, and a basement with many clearance items. I would suggest this store to anyone who likes basic clothing and seeks comfort.
I find cute dresses... An Oh I do need a cashmere V-neck in every color...DONE
Better basics than American Apparel, and at half the cost. Seriously though. Anyone who doesn't think this is one of the best places ever is lame. I was able to pick up a few cashmere wraps at $39 each. $39! For cashmere! Hello! Beyond basics are great classic pieces like wool v-neck sweaters and pea coats that are work friendly, but also nice to incorporate with the rest of your casual wardrobe. Again, the prices are very reasonable. A nice wool coat will run you around $100. The jeans fit me like a glove here. However, the skirts do run a bit large. A size 0 in the skirts and I was somehow swimming in them. But size 2 pants are perfection. Can't win em all. The check out line can be long and the music deafening, but don't be deterred. The line moves quickly and efficiently. The music will still be deafening, but sometimes, you just have to sacrifice.
It's was my first time at UNIQLO and I was in 'OH BOY GEO' I believe 3 floors of cuts that make me feel like I'm at American Apparel or H&M. The actual design is not MY style. I wouldn't say it's not hip... just not what I would wear... They have a bunch of old game console graphic shirts and odd designs. Their "no graphic" items are nothing new.... been done. (AA/H&M) They do have great sizes, XS, and the fit is pretty nice. If I go back to NY, will it be on my list of shops to hit up? Prob not. TOPSHOP is down the street and I can spend hours in that store.
Second review, so bulk reviews: Anyways I went through my wardrobe...SHITLOAD OF STUFF FROM HERE! Why? Apparently the Japanese made a store reminiscent of GAP only 30x better. The clothes here you can get for cheap and the quality is excellent...I have jeans here since '08 still in great quality. Its usually packed but still very spacious and its like three and a half floors of clothing. The store itself is super clean...yeah. The staff is sooo helpful and attractive. Oh yeah have some Heatteach shirts as well...they are great!
I cannot say enough about how amazing their jeans are!  Basically, anyone any shape can find a pair that fits beautifully.  Also, their same day tailoring (at no extra charge) couldn't be easier!   Unfortunately, their customer service is perhaps the worst I have ever encountered at any clothing store EVER.   Examples: 1) I was given a dressing room with a broken curtain so my dressing room was wide open.  By the time I turned around to ask the woman for another room, she was completely gone.  I asked another woman who was working in the dressing room, and was told to  "just go find another room" and, since all of them were taken, I had to wait on line again for the fitting rooms. 2)  I asked an employee if it would be possible to try on the pair of jeans I had on in a different size, she sighed and rolled her eyes, came back about 15 min later, and threw the jeans into the room and made no attempt to hand them to me. 3) I had to wait for about 10 minutes to pay even though nobody was in front of me.  This was due to the fact that the two woman who were working at two of the registers decided to completely ignore me and finish having their conversation about how one of their co-workers was a "total bitch".  By the time they finished ringing me up (I had about three things) the line had snaked around half the store.  I guess their bitchsession  was far more important than taking care of customers and accumulating income for the store. In summery, they get 5 stars for their products and a zero for customer service.  Get it together UNIQLO! I want to love you but the people you hire are preventing me!
Nice place to find casual wears, always something different when i go in.  This is a must place to stop by when you go to soho!!!
Store supervisor in Soho refused to exhange shirt that had two holes in it.Tried shirt on in store. It was fine. First time I wore it, I saw a hole. When I went to return it, the cashier found another hole. He called the supervisor who refused to give me a store credit or exchange it because I did not have a receipt. I had the Uniglo bag and it was obviously their (defective) product. VERY BAD SERVICE.  This supervisor even had the nerve to say I should have returned it sooner. (I bought it 10 days earlier and then I was out of town.)  Why create all this ILL WILL over a 19 dollar shirt. Why lose a customer over this? I called Uniglo  corporate headquarters and filed a complaint. Now I want my money back. If you sell a defective product, you must take responsibility; otherwise, the customer feels ripped off.
There's not much new to say about the store that hasn't been said already. It's situated in a great location in New York City, one that almost always warrants a look whenever I'm in SoHo; the prices--even the +J line--are cheaper compared to Topman and Zara, but slightly more expensive than H&M; the floorspace is airy; and the staff are generally helpful. Yes, the place is packed during the weekends, but let's be honest here--is there one in the area that isn't? The clothes aren't trying to be trendy--and they're not supposed to be. You go to Uniqlo to stock up on well-made casual and business basics, like trench coats in blue, stone, or black; dress pants; a plethora of dress shirts; and soft cotton Ts. Come winter time, you might want to get for yourself a few of their Heat Tech offerings, too. These thin underlayers aren't to be underestimated--they do a good job at keeping you warm.
H&M meets american apparel. my girlfriend and i love it. not much more to say. go and buy for yourself.
A divine spot to stock up on basic, casual, colorful, and comfortable wear.  Definitely a gem in terms of affordable quality tucked between the endless high-end SOHO shops and chain stores. With 100% cashmere and merino wool shirts, turtlenecks, cardigans, and scarves selling in every spectrum on the color wheel for about $30 bucks, it took all of my self-restraint not to buy one in every color.  You won't find too many prints or graphics until you browse the t-shirts section; they had some pretty cool DC comic tees in the women's area.   If I wasn't wearing a dozen layers from the NYC cold, I would have taken advantage of the same-day jean alterations and tried on some more clothes!  Either way, don't forget your shades stepping inside - you may be blinded by the bright, colorful stacks of clothes or an elbow jabbing you to nab those $30 deals.
Love this store. Love how everything is so organized. Love the designs on the T-shirts. Love the jeans. People call it the Japanese H&M...but I think its a bit higher quality than H&M.
I really love this place.  Any time I'm in the city I try to stop by.  I do not think there is another store where you can find similar prices for the quality.  I''m a huge fan of H&M, but this is a good step above in quality, but is generally the same price.  As others have posted, it's great for basics and kind of reminds me of a Japanese Gap.   I mean where else can you find $29 pants?  That just doesn't happen.
Kristina my love...you mean the world to me and I would empty all of my bank accounts to express the love I have for you; but I have to tell you something that  for the last two years, I've been seeing someone else...sometimes secretly and other times while you were present. Her name is UNIQLO and she is the number one lady in my life. She's one of the most beautiful Japanese women I've ever seen. You're my Filipina Queen with a dash of Japanese, but UNIQLO is 100% Japanese. Okay, let's get serious here. This place is positioned in the mix of one of the busiest shopping strips in NYC, but no matter the amount of stores I know call this strip home; not many give the overall experience of UNIQLO. As soon as you walk through the tall glass doors at the entrance, you're greeted by a rather large closed glass casing, in the middle of the main floor; which has a few mannequins wearing the latest ensembles of the store. Pretty cool if you ask me. Until this year, I had no idea this place had a basement with more clothing; yet I still haven't gone down to check any out. Nonetheless, for you ladies, you pretty much get the entire first floor to yourself and we get the upper level. Yes! That's right guys, we actually get more than a 3" section of a clothing store to call our own. I can recall certain stores, which I won't name, where you walk in the men's department and by sneezing you'll be taken to the women's section. We may not shop as much as women, but come on. Okay, when my girlfriend and I shop, we sometimes remain together and other times we stray away to search separately. But when we shop here, i like her around to give advice on how something looks on me. The store is rather trendy and it seems a majority of those inside make you feel like family because you too enjoy the styles of UNIQLO. The employees in my experience are very friendly. So you won't feel as if you're a bother when you may have a question that you legitimately don't have an answer to. On my most recent visit, I purchased two of their Double Breasted Trench Coats in black and one in beige. I must say the compliments I've received are pretty endless after wearing the black one..."Wow, he looks spiffy," "I love how this young man dresses" or my favorite,"Dude, where did you buy that jacket?" So if you're into Trench Coats as I am, give this store a shot before they sell out because Lord knows you hesitate on an item; blink and once reopened...that size has vanished. Where did it go? I don't know...I never know. Due to the sizing being of Japanese origin, it can run small/fitted and as a guy who works out five days a week, finding the right size can be tough. But here, I find exactly the size I need but once again, if you blink, that item you desire will be gone before you know it. Trust me, I decided to buy another black Double Breasted Trench Coat this week. When I walked in the store today, guess who wasn't there as I thought? My buddy XS was nowhere to be found.They had 1 small, 4 XL, 2 Large and 2 mediums...but no XS. At $99, how can you beat that price? The quality is great and it fits so well. Can you blame me waiting a second pair in case this one messed up? No ma'am. My girlfrind would probably kill me if she knew I was purchasing another, so keep that between us Yelpers. I purchased a rather tasty blazer and vest to wear for my anniversary dinner with the Mrs this weekend so I look forward to reviewing our restaurant for the evening. Price = Affordable as heck. You could spend $200 and walk away as part owner of the store Space = Pretty big, but make sure to bring traffic signals because it can get pretty busy in here and for some reason, New Yorkers aren't just "rude/bad drivers," they're bad walkers as well. i swear they should begin giving a license for walking. Clothing = Trendy/Hip Sizes = Runs from XS upwards but the store is practically made for slim body frames. Employees = Very friendly in my experience Recommend: Heck yes!
I love Uniqlo so much...  "how much" you ask?  So much that for my recent weekend trip to NYC, it came down to two hotels and I chose the eventual winner because it was only 1/2 a mile away from this store.  The fact that it was also cheaper and better reviewed might have factored into the equation as well, but let's not dwell on such vulgar things as money and creature comforts. Seeing as I rarely venture into cold weather climates, I arrived in the city on Friday morning, threw on four layers of CA climate clothing and ran over to Uniqlo for some proper gear.  Outfitted myself with thermals, a scarf and a killer pea coat, for a very reasonable price.  In particular, the pea coat is perfectly cut with a slim silhouette and although I can't imagine I'll wear it more than once or twice a year in LA, I'm already practicing my scoffing when locals here will inevitably ask me where I got it. Peon:  "Hey, hey, dog...  where'd you get that coat?" Me:  "SCOFFFF!!!!"  *yes, I still scoff onomatopoeically*
I thought this place was supposed to be for skinny short people? I have some jeans from Uniqlo in Japan that fit perfectly, but maybe there is vanity sizing at this store because everything is fairly long and loose on me. Besides that, it has to be the most poorly managed store I've ever been to. When I was there it was packed, but they only had two lines and one fitting room open and clothes were strewn all over the place. I just wanted some basic undergarments, but that section was completely cordained off to store some inventory. I've seriously never seen that happen before. I love the socks I bought, but shopping was very unpleasant.
Nice clothes, good prices. I discovered this place a few years ago before the rest of the world went nuts for it and made it impossible to get in the front door.  They have a lot of classic pieces that are always good to have.  The store is massive, so plan to spend some time there.   The line for the dressing room is always painful, but I seem to recall that if you find a pair of pants you want, they will alter them for you for free, which is a nice feature.  They have good stuff for both men and women, and it is cut a lot better than the stuff at H&M where you have to be 6''2 and German to wear it.  Also it doesn't have that wash it once and it will never fit again quality of some other stores.
Man I've missed Uniqlo since the expansion efforts in New Jersey failed a few years back. Basically a Japanese version mix between Gap and American Apparel, Uniqlo gives a lot of affordable options and basics like polos, jeans, and shirts. You won't fine much over $50, with most men's clothing in the $20-$40 range.
I love the high quality and inexpensive prices in this store with the incredible design of basics. This store is not really meant for me, a curvy Filipina, it's meant for stick figure people with the tent dresses and corporate cool button down shirts, but I still admire the design for who their target audience is. What is made for me: Love their shopping bags and they make very cute comfy cotton underwear that is very sexy. Woo hoo! I want them to make bras too, I love their patterns.
I was not sure how I felt about UNIQLO.  I went on a crazy shopping spree in Brooklyn then Soho from Philly.  Can we say, "bridge and tunnel"?   I bought a really cool t-shirt that I have yet to wear.  I also bought a merino wool dress that was marked down to nothing- like $14.99.   Now that fall has decended upon us, I pulled out that dress and have been wearing it non-stop.  The quality is amazing.  Much better styling and much more classic than GAP, American Apparel, or H&M.   I am planning my next business trip around getting more items from UNIQLO.  Looking to round out my fall wardrobe with their great turtlenecks (featured in a Lucky spread) and who knows what else I will find there.  Totally regret not getting those great tights - saw them at Juicy for WAY more. This is great stuff to mix with my more expensive pieces- no one ever knows!
UNIQLO's clothes are simple and functional. At great affordable prices and great quality material, it's no wonder UNIQLO is the 4th largest retailer in the world. The locations in New York have a wide range of options for both men and women. I definitely recommend giving UNIQLO a visit. Oh and to everyone who wishes that there would be one where they live, UNIQLO is planning on aggressively expanding by opening 200 stores nationwide in the U.S. by 2020. I believe the next location they're planning on targeting is Chicago and probably the west coast. SO DON'T FRET. UNIQLO IS COMING TO YOU SOON.
Carol is my fav here. She was soo helpful and nice unlike some other sales people on the floor. One guy even had the nerve to tell me that I could try on outerwear in the sales floor and that I had to take it to the fitting room and that it was store policy. If that's the case, what are the mirrors for?  Anyhow, Carol saves the day by being who she is. The +J collection is awesome and bought a blazer, thanks Carol for helping me with sizes and being sooo attentive.
I would love this store completely if I was forty pounds heavier! "Sir are there any smalls left?" I graciously beg a sales rep. "What's on the rack is all we've got left," they kick me in the balls. "Stupid fat people...." I shuffle through the plethora of XL and L. I'm going to give them an extra star (I originally had them pinned as a tri-star) for their current amazing revolving-army-of-mannequin display when you walk in the store.  I've never been so intimidated by lifeless figures before.....(those in caskets don't count).
SOHO is so hipster, i feel like i had to wear maroon jeans rolled up to my mid-calf while ripping my super low-cut V-neck at odd, random angles and smoke my cigarettes with my coffee cup while scratching the purple beanie on my head but not spilling on my wingtip boots. the guest service was cool, lines get ridiculously long upstairs in the mens section, go downstairs and use the cashier lanes behind the staircases.. two registers with three people in line muahaha!
I love Uniqlo! fashion, reasonable price, new style coming fast!
First time shopper today and went nuts. The quality of the clothing and the price is amazing! I have never paid $20 for a pair of leggings before but I believe these will last much longer than the cheap ones from Kohl's or Target that don't last through too many washes. Beautiful clothing selection for fair prices! Wish there was one in California. I bought leggings, cashmere cardigans, scoop neck tops, camisoles, turtle necks and more! I love the place and I RARELY shop for clothes so I am glad today was the day I was introduced to Uniqlo!
Oh men's clothing, you're so heinously boring. That said, UNIQLO is the perfect "basics" store. There's no reason to compare it to H&M, save for the prices which are damn similar -- $4.90 for t-shirts, $5 for super duper undies, and $39 for most of the pants. I can't thank you enough (now I'm talking to UNIQLO) for just sticking to the basics -- no funky logos, nothing to "cheapify" your clothing, or immediately date it to any particular trend/season. This is my biggest gripe with H&M and their often distasteful detailing: I shrink away in fear of everyone else having the same shirt, and some stranger stopping me to say "OH EM GEE you got that at H&M too?" Yeah. I might be a regular h8ter, but UNIQLO has made my heart turn a shade more red. It was getting cold in there.
This place is pretty cool, love their themed decos (and it changes every month or so!) Once, they had a free purikura machine with Bleach and Naruto frames, so I took advantage of that thing :D Their clothes are pretty awesome, shirts for $10, cashmere gloves for $20, cashmere pashmina for $50, not bad at all. They're pretty basic though.
Oh this? It's from Uniqlo. You've never heard of Uniqlo? Well, there's only one in the States. So no, you won't be wearing the same shirt that I'm wearing. And yes, I am aware that I sound a bit pretentious. I've had this conversation more times than I like to admit. I swear that I'm not pretentious, but I don't want to wear what everyone else is wearing! So whenever I'm in New York, I make a stop in Soho for Uniqlo, among other things. Another reason that they're worth mentioning: the prices are great. I go here every time I'm in New York. Look for some really interesting styles  with some great basics mixed in. One word of warning: friends of mine have had quality issues - loose threads, holes after the first washes - but I haven't had problems.
I'll start by restating what many others have pointed out on Yelp--the prices are reasonable, and it's basic stuff in fitted, modern cuts that you'll wear over and over again. I didn't check out the men's section, but for women, it's not unusual to find quality basics like henleys, thermal tops, cotton skirts, simple sundresses, and tees (you know, the clothes you need for real life) for as little as 10 dollars on sale.  They also carry jeans (skinnies run from 20-40 dollars with selvedge denim at the higher end), and 100% cashmere sweaters (60-90 dollars). And the "fast fashion" prices don't mean compromising quality. I've had a few Uniqlo items that I wear and therefore launder quite often, and they haven't faded, pilled, come apart at the seams, stretched out or shrunk, or developed any weird holes.  The cotton--tees, socks, etc.---is really soft.  The fit and cut of the items also tends to be very, very consistent from item to item.  Friends of mine who work for other retailers swear by Uniqlo's sweaters and selvedge jeans and regularly "cheat" on their employers with Uniqlo.   Although this store is huge with many choices, it is well-organized and well-staffed.  However, consider this fair warning: get there early if there is a special sale on something like cashmere sweaters and don't shop here at peak times during holiday season...hopefully the second Uniqlo they are opening in the city will help with this, though!
I am wearing Uniqlo jeans as we continue this intimate conversation over Brooklyn Lager at 5AM.  They're tight but comfortable and don't show muffin tops.  Well, not like I have any.  I'm hot, I swear. But I don't condone anything else about it - Uniqlo, I mean, that bastard child Soho behemoth. Ew. Do we really need more robots in our lives? Well, maybe. The music is too loud and trancey.  The T-shirt designs are too loud and trancey or at least want to be. The people who shop here seem like annoying tourists but I'm sure they live around there, or in New York somewhere, and I hate them all. But if you do get the jeans, go during their sale.  5 pairs of jeans, 30% off, I scored.  Yuppie guys love me in their dark denim - hipster enough but not too Southside.  Temperate hipster, if you will, with some urban sheen to make them go down easy.   You can't not buy jeans on sale. Unless you're at Filenes. And since they're a Japanese company, if you're short and weird looking, possibly resembling an elf, these jeans might be for you. Yes, you. That is how I feel about that anyway.
A cotton lovers paradise. Leggings, jeans, hoodies, t-shirts and socks of smooth cotton in tons of vibrant and muted colors! I especially love how the store is neatly laid out and there isn't a messy or wrinkled shirt in sight. The prices are great. I just got a pair of great leggings for $8. It's like a bigger and less expensive Japanese American Apparel.
You can find these clothes to be similar to GAP. With the addition to H&M prices. Graphic tees are pretty cheap. Got myself a long sleeve thermal for $10 and skinny jeans for $20. Not a bad deal. I was actually expecting better since this store was to feature Japanese fashion... Probably won't shop here too often though since the similar clothing can be found somewhere like GAP.
Uniqlo is my favorite japanese apparel place ever! I used to go to them in HK all the time and there is one in shanghai as well! I really really really like their material, the fashion, simplicity, comfort, feel, etc. It's just great clothing store!! I went to the one in NYC, its on soho. It gets super backed, i think theres like 2 floors, the basemet has like sale items and the main floor has all the new clothes! The clothes get pricey and its really not for the college-saving types of students. However, who can pass up Uniqlo? It's just so unique! haha, I bought a nice wool sweater and slippers (they are sooo comfortable!) and i bught leggings for 20 dollars. So worth it! Iwish they expanded more in the USA. Bring it to california! It's kinda like Gap but BETTER. The sizes run smaller so expect to maybe go up a size if you're used to american sizes.  I want to come back!
So nicely organized with good quality products that are unique! Worth a look around. They have great petit gifts for friends who travel often.
There's a few things I miss a few things about NY. Brooklyn rooftop parties all summer. Amazing pizza. Autumn in the park. And Uniqlo. Uniqlo flagship store in Soho (on Broadway between Prince and Spring) is the only one that exists in the states, and is sadly the only place you can go get these Gap-like basics but far more fashion forward that it's flailing American counterpart. When it first opened, it was know as the place to get colored cashmeres for under $40, classic trenches for under $100 and dark wash skinny jeans for $49 (forget J-Brand!)  It was the affordable place to go when you're too poor fpr APC. Oh, and did I mention they also do free same day hemming on all their pants? Short people, go get some jeans! Uniqlo also features a rotating designer's T-shirt line, where they get artists (Yayoi Kusama), manga artists (Tezuka), and other tastemakers to create limited edition T-shirts that go for only $15 a pop. They also get cute famous NY downtowners like Chloe Sevigny to model their goods and photography by Terry Richardson, so they know how to tap American cool. Last summer they packaged Pantone themed T's stuff in lego-looking plastic tubes! How graphic design nerdy! Another thing I love about Uniqlo is that they put out a quarterly catalog showcasing now just their wares, but prose (essay by author like Gary Shteyngart) and interviews with architects + artists, because they are on the pulse of fun stuff. Take that, Gap! Oh wait, and I almost forgot to mention the designer collaborations they do hot designers like Phillip Lim and Alexander Wang. Yikes! You can get an silk Alexander Wang shift dress for way under a bill? AWESOME. Ok I do have to say one annoying thing about Uniqlo is that their XS is more like a S, so if you're petite you'll have trouble with their smallest. I think the Japanese think all Americans are fat, which is why they size up. Regardless, open up in LA already!
This ended up being a good, pretty straightforward shopping experience. The cashmere sweaters are a great deal. Be aware that the store is a bit disorganized with cloths lines and certain sizes out of stock. Otherwise, most items are a great deal. I bought a great pair of jeans and sweatpants that I don't think I could have gotten cheaper anywhere else. Also, they have free alterations on all pants, but the wait was 1 week for this service.
After coming here back in August, I have to say that I'm a big fan of Uniqlo.  The Uniqlo store in SOHO is huge, spanning three floors.  I like how Uniqlo is a Japanese H&M and Gap combined, with pieces that are fashionable and fairly priced well.  The quality of their clothing is very good compared to H&M.  They have polo shirts and plain t's in almost every color you can imagine as well as cashmere sweaters, dress shirts, and tons of jeans.  I purchased a basic hoody and a pair of selvedge jeans for $70 total which is a pretty good deal in my opinion.  The only bad thing is that this location is the only one in the United States.  They need to bring one to San Francisco!
Sam put it well.  Uniqlo is like a big Japanese H&M.  I wasn't that impressed, but after reading all these reviews, I might have to go back for a second look.   They seem to have great items for every day basics- tee shirts, sun dresses for home, yoga pants, etc.  Very simple in design, basic colors and you can buy a lot for short money. Great layout and easy to navigate.
UNIQLO is a clothing store that sells simple, but fashionable Japanese clothing.     It is a gigantic store with about 3 or 4 floors. The interior design is modern and futuristic, but still simple.      You won't find anything too edgy or flashy here. The clothes here are simple, but still stylish. They have Anime Graphic T Shirts here for $15. Skinny Jeans (Blue, Black, Grey Denim or Pastel Colors like Light Pink, Blue, Peach etc.) sell for around $10. Also fur vests, cargo pants, dresses, blouses, jackets, underwear, camisoles and other clothes can be found here for decent prices.     When I went, they had a promotion where they sold boatneck shirts of all different solid colors (but the same design) for $9. It regularly went for $15, which I found to be a bit too overpriced. Uniqlo also has a very large collection of leggings, of all different patterns and types, which go for $10 to $15. They have a really cool glass elevator that goes to all the floors, which you should use when you go.
This place is hit or miss. I like UNIQLO for the nice basics, inexpensive cashmere sweaters, fun flannel shirts, dresses, and throw back anime t-shirts. The store caters to a more hipster following, but it is what it is.
I have shopped and enjoyed Uniqlo in Japan so we were excited to find Uniqlo when we visited New York.  It's kind of like Japan's version of Gap but with much more reasonable prices.  It's not the finest quality but not bad for the price. This particular store in SOHO was large and offered a lot of merchandise.  It was a bit disorganized though in terms of categorization and I felt a bit lost figuring out which areas carried which type of clothing article.  Shirts were also sometimes in different aisles away from the original display making it harder to find what you're looking for.  Merchandising display could definitely be improved. The customer service at the fitting rooms was terrible. - The 2nd floor fitting room area was a tiny hallway - There was no waiting area - The line was long and wrapped around to one wall - The wives were harshly commanded to step outside and not allowed to help their husbands - Husbands had to parade outside to show their wives after each outfit change, adding time to the long waiting line - I was rudely told I could not sit down on the base of one of their displays outside (my tourist feet hurt badly and I was waiting for my husband to try on at least 10 different shirts) The employees were pretty unfriendly towards the waiting wives who had tried to step inside the fitting room area to help their husbands decide on the clothing.  They were basically trained little ants who were only worried about folding the clothes and returning them to the proper shelves.  They were not concerned about the length of the line  or helping the customers. I ended up helping my husband find the hidden size M's for his shirt in the backside of the display.  I also helped another customer find a shirt in another aisle because this Uniqlo likes to play hide-and-seek and put merchandise underneath displays that don't match the item.
There are dozens of eateries I crave that I can only get in NY, but as far as fashion, there's only one place I really wish was closer to home in SF.  I'm not sure their fashions are necessarily unique since I felt I was walking into the Gap (if it were on steroids), but the American prices for the Japanese quality can't be beat. My only trendy, dark denim skinny jeans have lasted me a year and were less than $40... if the rise was just a tad lower, they'd be perfect.  I also wish I had stocked up on their HeatTech Innerwear which saved me from last year's brutal late November.  It supposedly generates heat when it's cold, but is light enough for warmer days. Plus they do in-house free tailoring for jeans... I got mine done in 2 hours.
I met UNIQLO in Tokyo four years ago and I'm glad I could renew my love affair this week in New York. Think of UNIQLO as higher quality than Gap with more flair but similar prices. I look for basics and they have excellent t-shirts, jeans, skirts, and sweaters. They are also known for affordable cashmere ($80 for a sweater! Unheard of) I don't wear jeggings but, lemme tell you, there is a wealth of jegging options if you are so inclined. Deleted one star because this place is a complete zoo on Saturday afternoons.
This is a must go to. The clothes are awesome and very affordable. I try and stop by when ever I am around and grab a t-shirt or something. It can get very addictive. I truly recommend this store to anyone into fashion, wether t-shirts, sweaters, or polos. Thank you and have a great day Magu maguclothing.com
I call this disposable clothes. It is trendy and flashy enough to look great, poorly made enough to quickly fall apart (so you don't wear clothing that went out of style last week), and cheap enough that you don't even care.
Nice clothes. Though not of great quality. For the price you'll pay, it is indeed a bargain with style. Octaves higher than H&M, that is a definite. Styles are comparable to Zara. Modern and will fit you. IF YOU ARE FIT or SLIM. Just a friendly heads up to my cupcake loving pals. Check out their sale racks. You might go bankrupt if you don't know how to prioritize what to buy.
Love Uniqlo! Was actually made aware of this Japanese H&M by my boyfriend some time ago, and I don't shop often but I do cherish the few pieces I have so far purchased from here. The store is large (with three floors of materialistic goodness) but still feels a bit tight due to it always being busy every time I've visited. I really adore the fit of their clothing because I'm short/small in size and it's ALWAYS a pain to find clothing that fits well. It's somewhat pricey (you can easily blow over $100 in 20 minutes) but the quality of their clothing in my opinion is actually better than H&M's and the various styling they offer is sweet. I love the minimalist and functional pieces. The customer service is so-so, but that doesn't deter me from coming back. It's kind of sucky that there's only one store in the US, but I'm lucky to be living at a commutable distance from it. *hearts uniqlo*
I had high hopes for this place given the reviews... went in looking for a pair of $40 trousers and maybe a $30 dress shirt or two. After trying on lots of things, I left empty handed. The fit wasn't slim in the ways I like it and the fabrics were a bit heavier than I would have liked. This is despite having a great secondhand +J shirt which fits and feels perfect. My gf purchased a few basics, a bit more interesting than your typical H&M fare, but not worth a detour to this part of town.
Japanese Gap.  A lot of the clothes look the same but I'm a fan.  Can load up on items without breaking the bank.  Shopped there in summer and got some comfortable linen shirts and pants.  Not sure about their jeans.  Tried on a pair of khakis but it didn't fit me right.  Free alterations on pants.
Colorful, cheap, stylish, and a fun atmosphere.  Not the best made clothing, but definitely worth what you're paying
I love the quality of their clothes. I used to buy novelty t shirts for my ex from here. No matter how many times he's washed them over the years, the shirts I bought him still feel soft. =) Without a fail, for every future trip I make out to NY, I will be back at this store for a nice shopping spree. *They also do free tailoring on all pants that you buy from them. It usually takes 2 hours. Woot.
-Great clothing -Beautiful cashmere sweaters at a decent price you probably can't find anywhere else -friendly staff -great collaborations Location:4 it's in SoHo and it gets pretty crowded but not so crowded that I want to pull my hairs out Staff:5 super friendly and they seem to be doing their job just right Store:4 it's big ( 3 floors big ) nice selection Oh yeah ... Why does this store have so many reviews, is it some sort of tourist trap ? Lol
Still up to par.  Restocked on cardigans and sweaters.  Same guy at the cash register from a year and a half ago.  he was a pleasure to deal with.
UNIQLO is pretty much the Japanese version of H&M.  Cheap, nice, and one of those places where you don't regret what you buy afterward.  If they came to LA they'd totally be as big as H&M, if not bigger.  I bought a cardigan here that makes me look like Brad Pitt, minus the muscles, blonde hair, blue eyes, and overall good looks.  But at least I look nice! 4.5
Not a huge fan. The store was a bit talked up when I went in right after the opening. I expected to find some amazing stuff at cheap prices, but found instead a very overcrowded store with averagely priced stuff that fit poorly. What I do love - the cashmere.. the gloves, the sweaters, the dresses... in all sorts of colors and styles.
Wide selection of colors on plain clothing. This is my go to spot for new cloths but there is one thing that really bothers me about this store. WHY IS IT SO HOT IN HERE? Do they have the heaters on year long? I always feel like sweating when I'm in this store.
I thought the clothes were to plain for me, but then I realized this is exactly like H&M, but better quality. I walked out with basic essentials and a lesbian outfit (linen collared shirt and a blazer).  I don't know when this will come to L.A. or Vegas (like Topshop in Vegas already), but yeah, I love this store and I don't know why I never stepped into one when I was in Japan just a few years ago. The cashier was nice and engaged in conversation with me - decent service; busy busy store for a Monday afternoon.
Best place to find basic Ts, cashmere sweaters, and jeans. A little on the pricey side..but I got a pair of skinny jeans on sale for $30..PLUS FREE same day ALTERATIONS! WOOT!  This is perfect for a girl with abnormally short legs like me ^-^ but like a previous review state...their guys' screen T's are kinda dumb
Would not let me return a pair of defectively manufactured socks.  Seriously, not much money, but how can you force me to keep something 1.  I had the receipt for 2.  Would fit only size 15 shoe size 3.  Did not match the sample in the dressing room 4.  Was manufactured improperly Dear uniqlo.... Fu.... And your stupid manager.  Making me keep something that is defectively manufactured is not right, despite your policies.  You'r rather make $10 off me one time than $20 five times?   Good business practice!
A complete mad house when I went and I've heard that this is the case 100% of the time at the SoHo location. I'm also knocking off a couple of stars here because every pair of men's jeans are skinny jeans. I understand that it's hip now to have an unkempt beard, wear t-shirts of bands that only 3 other people on the planet know, and have no muscular structure in your legs at all, but come on. Seriously, any leg with a circumference larger than the average femur isn't going to fit into 95% of the pants here.
Gave this place another patient chance and I keep coming back for more. Vibrant set up of lights and colors go well with the variety of clothing displayed. Really appreciate the spacing and setup of racks, allows customers to go about the floor with ease. Uniqlo features specials in their stores and rotates their specials bi-weekly-ish(?) or so, just check their site. Definitely helps to snag a few deals for some good quality clothing. Staff is super friendly and attentive. Always available. The cashiers are all systematic and uniform in their actions. Plus, the line to play moves very smoothly and quickly.  Shoot, this is the only place that has cashiers hand back swiped cards with both hands to customers. Real respectful in my Chinese culture; neato. The clothing is fantastic. Great quality and prices are affordable. I love their assortment of jeans (waiting on their sale again) and comfortable tees. The anime collection tees are neat - One Piece is awesome! Waiting on Dragonball to return. With a combination of price & Uniqlo deal, you can definitely stock up on certain things like socks and tees on the cheap. Amazes me how with two, three turns, my arms are piled on by various clothing because it gets that easy and addicting. Do note, if you want to use the fitting rooms on the main (women, men) and top (men) floors, do expect a line - especially on the weekends. All in all, love this store and this brand. Gosh, just waiting to return to SoHo just to look around and start snagging deals again.
FREE SAME DAY JEANS ALTERATION!!!!! Why didn't anyone mention that? Anywhooo, prices are decent. I loveee the fact that they have every item in every color. Cashmere sweaters for $30!! Love it! Love it! Love it!
I usually do not review places like this but my experience at UNIQLO was so overwhelming I had to write something. UNIQLO is located near the Union Square district, off a stretch of Broadway. It is a Japanese version of the H&M stores. There are many UNIQLO stores in Japan but only one in the U.S. I came inside and noticed the amount of clothing they had in the store. I was surprised to see a good amount of men's clothing in the store, usually there store is dominated by women's clothing. Right away I noticed the $14.90 for a pair of jeans. I asked an employee to assist me in grabbing the jeans and I then noticed the sign "free hemming" sign. My mouth dropped. I asked an associate at the store and they told me this only applies to jeans and it takes a couple of days for the hemming. Good thing I was gonna be in N.Y. for a couple of days. I grabbed the jeans and went to the dressing room. I noticed the size of the jeans were one size smaller than I wear. This might be due to the fact that the store is from Japan and the sizes might be Japanese sizes. I got one size larger and the jeans fit perfectly excluding the length. I got another associate and he pinned the length for me. Within a couple of days, I picked up my jeans. They were perfect. What other store can you go to where they have $14.90 jeans with free hemming?
I just ordered a couple of pieces of the new +J line, they were so nice and helpful, FYI it's selling out quick and they just started taking phone orders today!
Came to buy stuff for my boyfriend. I don't like their selection for women.  It just seems plain, boring & not very flattering.
A few years ago I bought a really cool wool, zip front hoodie as this small shop in Paris. For the life of me I couldn't remember the name, that is until I set foot in the UNIQLO store in SOHO. Eureka! I like to shop by touch - the softer the better without feeling like polyester is the way to my heart (and closet) The clothes at UNIQLO seem to be of great quality and affordable prices. I'll definitely update this if my purchases fall apart after a couple of weeks (hello, H&M!) This time around I ended up with a pair of plaid shorts and a plaid, short sleeved shirt (no I won't be wearing them together) as well as some boxer briefs. And if the dressing room lines weren't so long I probably would have tried on some more items. Next time, UNIQLO , next time...
If you live in Manhattan, Uniqlo offers stylish cheap quality clothing at a low price. Outside of NYC, currently residing in San Francisco, ordering Uniqlo clothing is a PAIN IN THE ASS to IMPOSSIBLE.  They don't even list the phone numbers for the retail store in Soho. Every number listed gets transferred to their lousy customer service department that never picks up the phone. Why is it that in 2011, you do not allow customers to purchase from your website, even though you list retail prices? Why are we the customers resorting to the 19th century method of TRYING to contact your incompetent customer service staff in placing orders, only to be snubbed by them. Do you not want to do business? After finding a few pieces I wanted to order, I called the number of the Soho store store and was told to leave a message and someone would call me back. I got a call from their so-called customer service manager and she took down my order and said she'll call me back when she got all the pieces. Funny thing is, I'm still waiting after 365+ days. Yes my phone/Internet order experience happened in 2010. Still no reply from them, yet they keep on listing prices and items online. So what is the purpose? That same inept customer service manager told me that they were working on an online store 365+ days ago. As of now, still nothing has come about. the +1 star is for the clothing, which I try to stock up on when I go back to NYC. the -4 stars is for the idiots running the CUSTOMER SERVICE/INTERNET orders department.
If you're looking for simple, basic fashion, you have to come here.  Their quality is top-notch and you probably won't find anything close to their quality for another $100.  It sucks that there is only one store in the United States (Soho, NY) because it's crowded from opening hour till closing hour. I've bought a ton of V-neck T-shirts from there, each one is 5.70$ Sweaters 29-39$ Two cardigans 49$ Winter Jacket 75$ If you're visiting NY, you must come here if you plan on shopping.  If you live in NY like me, you probably don't both going to any other store for this type of clothing.  Japan isn't China, it's better than American quality TBH.
5 stars for heat tech !
Good god, this is a big-ass store. Uniqlo is a chain of basics (think tank tops, sweat pants, denim, coats, cashmere sweaters) that covers most places in Asia, but only has one location in the US and it is here. I went to one of the stores in the airport when I visited Japan in April, so I was definitely curious to come to this store. Women's items definitely override what they have for men, but anyone is bound to find good basics here. I bought a Heat Tech long sleeved shirt for the plus one (he is an outdoorsy type so I figured I'd be better off getting him something that retains heat, rather than a cashmere hoodie or something), a wool coat for myself, and some KICK ASS denim leggings that are basically like maternity pants (the ones with the stretchy band) for NON PREGNANT PEOPLE! (I should have gone here first, I would have worn these pants to Amy Ruth's) So, don't come here if you are looking for unique clothing (although maybe that's a little contradictory to their name but whatevs) or if you prefer to get your basics at Target, or - no offense to those of you with "more to love" - if you are over a size 12, as sizes here tend to run a little small. But definitely come here if you want to stock up on higher quality basics, good cashmere hoodies, and sweaters of every color. And if you love the look of skinny jeans but are not a huge fan of having to actually button them (or you're like me and planning to eat your way through a big ass city).
This place is ridiculously awesome. On a trip to New York, I stepped into this store for the first time this past spring. I was, first of all, amazed by the huge space that Uniqlo had managed to get for their inaugural store in America. It's gigantic (for NYC) and organized very nicely. I would call Uniqlo H&M's minimalist cousin. Their clothes are priced similarly, and they're both equally fashionable, but in different ways. Uniqlo likes leggings in colors like camel, white, and black, and their higher-end line consisted of simple, monochromatic dresses, skirts, tops, and pants   whose cuts were timeless. I'm not going to lie; I spent a couple hours and a pretty penny in this store, but it was definitely worth it. I bought clothes that were timeless and designed to last for years ahead.
The clothing sends vibes of H&M meets TOPMAN... Good selection of clothing basics in a great variety of colors and fits. My alternate selection of American Apparel which is way more pricey. If you love flannel or plaid, this is the store for you as they have a ginormous selection to choose from. They always seem to have a lot of things on sale; got a pair of shorts for $9.99 and a white short sleeve button-down for $9.99 as well. The alteration of the jeans only applies if they are over $20 by the way, don't get too excited! Definitely going to return for any other deals.
I'm just speaking personally here, but every time I come in here looking for something specific in my size, they are out of stock. Every time. Most recently I just came to get some medium black t-shirts, pretty much one of the most basic items in the history of humans dressing themselves. I asked if they had any more in the back, and dude said "ahh, we uh haven't done inventory yet". Here bro I'll save you a little time... Medium Black T-shirts: Quantity: Zero. Don't get me started on medium black crew neck sweatshirts. Also got a parking ticket outside but that's not really their fault I guess.
I judge books by their cover all the time. But I also have good luck in the books department (though with men it's a whole 'nother ball game) and have come out with some really fantastic reads even with bright pink covers. And, well, I judged UNIQLO from the outside. And even on the inside. And then I took some more steps inside this gargantuan place and couldn't help myself from touching everything. There are definitely sections that are totally not me, they were practically emanating anti-Sim vibes but alas, I came upon some HAWT dresses. And so affordable. I walked out with two of those bad boys for $80. And one is a total party dress, that cuts me so perfectly, right below the danger zone. You know, where the thighs start taking over with minds of their own.. You scare me UNIQLO, but if being scared is wrong well.. I don't ever wanna be right.
I absolutely adore this store and am so incredibly sad that they don't have a location in California!! When I went they were having a jean sale and every pair was only $30. Needless to say I bought 6 pairs of jeans. Their t-shirts are pretty good, and their tanks fit really nicely. Overall it's a great place to get good basics that are good quality without spending a ridiculous sum of money.
If one thing gets me through this winter it'll be UNIQLO's HEATTECH undergarments. From the camisoles to the leggings to the scoop neck t-shirts, I'm in love with the way these soft pieces work beneath my clothes to keep me from freezing. And they're priced nice enough that there's nothing stopping you from picking up plenty.
For what its worth..... I was about to go into this place since I was in the SoHo 'warp during lunch (bad idea.... like times square now- WHAAAT HAPPENED TO HIP?) I saw the people coming out of the store and the crap on the walls and couldnt do it. If I want something for a "once wear wardrobe" it's still that other crappy store, H and M for me.
Amazing T-shirts designed in collaboration with world renowned artists and designers from all over the world...FOR CHEAP!!!!  Holy crap!...wait, I mean... HALLELUJAH!   Uniqlo is truly an unique store.  Leave it to the Japanese to come up with high quality, comfortable, and design conscious clothing that isn't going to send you into the poorhouse.  From xxs to xxxl, there is a t-shirt for everyone.  In fact, there is a two story wall full of it!  The sizes for the artist designed T-shirts are unisex so, choose carefully.   My first experience with Uniqlo was actually a Tshirt from Japan.  From then on, I've been a Uniqlo convert!  I remember last time I was in Shanghai, I picked up so many that I actually had to buy an additional luggage bag to ship them back....(seriously, someone take my credit card AWAY!)  I want to have every single t-shirt from every single season (sorry, I'm a bit of a cloth horse!).  Also, their polos, undershirts, jackets, pants also serve as great basics for every wardrobe! The store layout is great and clean.  Although, I'm not a big fan of the lighting.... Oh Uniqlo...I miss you so.  Please come to the west coast!  But for now, I will be visiting you in SoHo any chance I get.
LOVE THIS STORE!  high quality, high fashion, great selections and best of all GREAT COST! Wish they had one in San Francisco... actually, wait... i take that back. Glad its only in New York! the only one in the USA!!!  Please stay that way...  :)    it makes my clothes more unique... someone "hey where did you get that jacket, its really nice"   me "this store called Uniqlo, in new york" someone "nice, they have other stores?"  me "no, only in new york" =P  now while writing this, wish i have spent more =O  agree with many other reviews... will easily rack up 150-300+ especially for being a first timer and wowing over all the stuff they have and pricing. I believe they are eyeballing SF for a future potential store to open up tho..but not sure.   anyhow, they do have an online site for the wrld to purchase from... but everybody know, its just not the same vs being at the store and seeing how thing actually fit, feel, material, etc. etc. etc. Uniqlo - two Thumbs Up!
i've had a soft spot for Uniqlo for years. but c'mon... none of the underoos fit me, the blouses don't fit my well-endowed boobies, the pants aren't long enough for my amazon-height and the customer service *cough* sucks! *cough* the rotating displays are what keeps me coming back. i can just stand there for an hour staring. the color coordinated shelves give me a freakin' colorama headache. the prices are good though... and for what it's worth, i agree that it is a good bang for your buck. i'd choose Uniqlo over H&M and Mango any day.
Love the t-shirts, love the variety. This stuff fits me (I'm a medium tall)  and that makes a huge difference. The flavor of this stuff just makes me smile (and reminds me of my once upon a time wardrobe in Osaka)
I heart Uniqlo!!! I just hope they don't go the way H&M does. They sell pretty basic stuff which is great and the prices are pretty good as well. I bought two pairs of jeans and they include free alterations in an hour or two! You can't get that anywhere else even Bloomingdale's! I can't wait for them to open a store in the Bay Area!
WOW, I felt as if I was in Japan again. Uniqlo is the Gap of Japan with a vast selection of clothes. It is contemporary, chic and affordable. The only draw back is, it is trendy and appeals to the mass consumers. Though the prices are economical, there are 3 floors, don't be surprise if you drop over a bill on your total purchase. Because it is a Japanese brand, sizes tend to be on the smaller than the average American brand.
I got a decent button down dress shirt on sale for $10 (marked down from $40).  I got some decent socks for $2.50 a pair...They have a nice clearance section.
I can't go to Soho without stopping by UNIQLO. I have an odd fascination with their robot-in-residence, Wakamaru. I get overwhelmed by upstairs UNIQLO so I usually head downstairs for some cold-weather basics (for some reason I have never purchased anything here that wasn't a heat-thermal shirt, sweater, or a coat.) I like the various colors and (with the exception of the graphic t-shirts) lack of decoration in their items. I'm a fan of their merino wool and cashmere sweaters which are warm and comfortable and not prohibitively expensive. I haven't tried the jeans though (the fabric is a bit thin for my taste) but if I do, I'd like to try out the in-house tailor.
4 stars, 391 reviews can't be wrong.  Uniqlo rocks! Forget GAP.  Forget H & M.  Get UNIQLO.   It's not as gigantic as the  store in Shinjuku but it's impressive nevertheless.  Not as expensive as Muji. I love getting the basics here.  T-shirts, fleece, linen shirts.  Uniqlo has an extensive collection of cool t-shirts.
Konnichiwa!  Now that H&M has proliferated to every corner of Manhattan, Brent needs a new cheap and hip global import to get his New York funky style on.  Uniqlo is poised to fulfill that niche.  Slightly more expensive than its Swedish rival, but with slightly better quality to boot.  Mostly basics, but they appear to be making an effort to showcase plenty of graphic t shirts to mix things up.  The store layout is ultra mod.  Brings me back to my pokemon days.  Yes, beneath Brent's chic there's some geek, circa 2002.  Make sure you check out the plain cotton t's that come neatly folded and packaged.  Brent wants one in every color to express his New York funky personality.  At 5 bucks a pop, this Japanese retailer may help him achieve it.   ****Brent DaVorne****
Uniqlo makes excellent quality clothes but at H&M prices. They don't seem to have the great door-busters they used to like $12 jeans and $15 linen shirts. Some of the other stuff is quite expensive so don't go into a frenzy because you bought a $5 polyester shirt.
UNIQLO is great, it's an awesome place to get basics - simple dresses, leggings, shirts, jeans. they always have some sort of sale and their quality is pretty good. i think 60% of my wardrobe is from here. it's "The Gap" of Japan but muchhhhhhh better!
Uniqlo is pretty damn great.  For those who care, the characters are U-NI-KU-RO which is to a japanese ear, the shortened version of unique clothing...   I like the stuff they have hear, plenty of good deals abound.  Especially for jeans.  Note, FREE ALTERATIONS... the most important thing that clothing gurus will tell you is to wear clothes that fit well, and to have them altered to your body, so that makes Uniqlo $10 cheaper than the price you would pay otherwise... THey also have a quick turnaround... I went in to pickup a couple pairs of jeans today, and found two arcade style video games on the back stair mezanine.  Check it out, free video games, pacman, miss pacman, and galaga.  I used to be a pro at galaga, so i started playing before I picked up my jeans.  I got the high score 100,000!!  woohoo!
+4 stars for AWESOME socks! They are great! And also the hemming service + non-bleeding black pants MINUS star for having bowties on the manikins and no bowties for sale. I liked those bowties! I'll be back though.
UNIQLO. It's unisex, unanimous with the Yelp ladies and, if used properly, has your whole wardrobe under one roof. On the same weekend I went shopping at UNIQLO, I saw not one but two reviews pop up from Helena H and Elle P. I, too, feel as if I have something unique to say about UNIQLO. After a disappointing 3  1/2 hours at Macy's sifting through coats made by Michael Kors, Esprit, and Steve Madden, my Godsister and I left to walk off our miseries in SoHo. I had promised to find her the perfect "grown up coat" and we were all out of ideas considering our budget constraint. UNIQLO popped up like a colorful billboard and we decided to give it a shot, not for the selection of coats, but more for the mere fact that it is Japan's only North American flagship store and my Godsister is a huge Japanophile. As soon as we walked in, we found some really cute winter coats. Whether they were parkas, long dress, pea, or puffy, there was more than enough to choose from. And with a price ranging from as low as $79 to a bargain of $120, I found the quality to be exceedingly excellent. It was tempting not to get two coats. The designs were simple, very classy, and covered the basic colors of black, navy, and grey. UNIQLO even had the original style my Godsister was looking for- a toggle coat with a hood. It fit her perfectly but she freaked out when she realized it was really a men's coat. I didn't see what the big deal was. I have known a few males who bought women's skinny jeans because they fit better. If it fits and you can't tell, who cares? Instead she opted for a long dress coat, perfect for her college days on the East Coast and appropriately sophisticated enough to grow her into her mid-twenties. I've never bought anything from UNIQLO. Their clothes don't fit me and I've always found their simplicity a bit dull. Coincidentally, I only go to UNIQLO when I have out of town guests. Yes, 65% of the store is filled with tourists. UNIQLO is equivalent to H&M when H&M only existed in Manhattan before they went nationwide. I'm almost willing to give UNIQLO a second chance. Perhaps, if I'm in the market to buy a new jacket or a winter sweater. They have a lot of those that look promising. They also have jeans, suits, dresses, underwear and heattech, but I've never had any luck with those. Oh and just as appealing as the color coded design feature they are famous for, are this season's spokesmodels. From Japan's popstar celebrity Meisa Kuroki and actor Ryuhei Matsuda to the U.K.'s dreamy Orly Bloom, it's no wonder why UNIQLO is having a red hot minute.
Like many other reviewers mentioned, this place is H&M meets American Apparel.  There are a lot of cute basic pieces here at super cheap prices, but MY GOD, the line to the fitting rooms and to pay are so long you'll want to just give up and go pay $10+ more at AA for the same basic tee.  Also, you'll have to elbow some people in the face to browse the racks only to find that they only have XS or XL sizes.  Bottom line: If you don't live in NY, I hope you have at least 2-3 hours to waste here waiting in lines if you're that desperate for a plain white t-shirt.
Cute Charlotte Ronson pieces from UNIQLO's Designers Invitation Project. I just love how more and more labels are getting in on collaborating with artists (established and up-and-coming) to design a series/line (a la Target's designer collective).   Found some great items from UNIQLO's +J Collection- nicely tailored hooded cotton cargo jacket, stretch cotton belted skirt, skinny jeans (which can be tailored free of charge). ***Mini shout-out to UNIQLO (Beijing)- found some of the comfiest reversible fleece jackets ever- and of course, in fun colors and patterns. Around $15USD /each. Neato :)
Selvage Jeans for $80.   Every color of cashmere sweater for $80. Quality basics and some great finds I wouldn't expect from this store as well.  Think minimal, clean-lined furniture that you can wear.
hippies have been saying for years that new york is a really bad place to drop acid.  clearly they haven't been to uniqlo and marveled at the two-story vertical rainbow, compromised entirely of sweaters.   i'll never find a clothing store where i love everything.  still, i found an inexpensive toggle coat that i love more than any other piece of clothing i own.  so that counts for something.
I envy New York for this clothing store. I've heard so much good stuff about it but had to see it to believe it. It's asian H&M but cheaper. I bought 2 ties and a zip up hoodie for $40.90. Oh and shopping for the first time in NY and finding out there is no sales tax because clothing under $110 is a necessity is the best thing ever. Please build one in Los Angeles, please.
If you were to follow the end of the rainbow. You wouldn't find a pot of Gold, nor a bowl of lucky charms, or a CRAZY over zealous leprechaun. You would find UNIQLO!! This place is an explosion of COLOR or various shades of gray for color blind folks!! It's as if American Apparel, H&M, and GAP had a three-way  sex romp  and OoOoOoOooO BAMM BAMM BAMM!!! The by product was a shiny HUGE three level clothing store filled with men's and women's basics dashed with a million shade of Reds, Blues, Yellows, Purple, Green, or different shades of gray for color blind folks! UNIQLO doesn't target just a certain group of consumers. Your Plain Jane or Average Joe can get their basics. The Hipster / Scenster Cool Cats can get their skinny jeans. The Fashionistas can get their hands on the most updated styles and cat walk down the hardwood floors. Deals! Deals! Deals! I got my hand on a V-neck Cashmere sweater for $98!! At that price I could have gotten myself a different color for every day of the week and still not break the bank. I WISH on a star and PRAY to the clothing gods that  UNIQLO will one day open up it's door in the WEEEEEEEST SIIIIIIIIIIDE!
I really like this place.  I have to admit I'm frugal, but I hate cheap stuff, if you know what I mean (quality).  I don't like paying $200 for jeans, my ~$40 jeans from here are great and stylish.  I don't like paying $8 for a pair socks - my collection of inexpensive colored socks from here are great.  I don't like paying $30-40++ for a freaking designer t-shirt.  Uniqlo always has a great rotation of nice designs for ~$15.   I don't always walk out with something from this store, but there is always something new, and it's a great value.  Sizes do run small, but that is a plus for me.  By the way, I HATE shopping for clothes, but I like Uniqlo :).
Whenever I visit NYC I have 5 spots that I have to go to before I leave (not in any particular order): 1) Billy's cupcakes - WAY better than the over-priced over-hyped Sprinkles. 2) Any Nathan's hot dog joint - we don't have any in Houston. 3) Central Park - just because. 4) Union Square farmer's market - you just never know what you might find but I'm a sucker for fresh bread. 5) Uniqlo I recently added Uniqlo. Japan's version of The Gap... but there's more variety here. There's variety at H&M too but the quality of clothes at Uniqlo is MUCH better. Don't get me wrong... I like The Gap and H&M but The Gap variety is lacking and expensive. H&M is pretty cheap but the quality is lacking. At first glance, Uniqlo clothes look preppy. However, you can mix and match to fit your particular style. The variety of graphic tees will make you dizzy so try looking at other stuff first. Go to the sales items, you can find lots of deals. And guess what... the stuff on sale is cute. None of the rejected ugly stuff that you'll see on sale at The Gap or H&M. The good thing about Uniqlo is that they also have a variety of sizes. OMG... a SoHo clothing shop with more sizes than just size 2. YAY! There's a men's section but I didn't look at the men's clothing. The kids section has some pretty cute stuff. You'll go nuts even if you don't have kids. You'll want to buy something for your friends/family with kids. There is one thing that I found especially unique. The store is extremely clean and nothing is out of place. I hate going to stores and everything is disorganized, clothes on the floor, or the folded items like tee shirts are piled up in one big mess because people are rude and don't put things back where they belong. C'mon people... put stuff back gah. If you can't fold stuff back perfectly, do the best you can. It's not going to kill you.
I love this place. My wardrobe consists of black clothing or shades of grey and finding clean looking classic pieces is pretty tough unless you want to spend a lot of money. I was able to grab a whole bunch of pieces here. A couple of tops, leggings, socks, a dress and I even bought 2 pairs of jeans (one for $40 and another for $10 on sale) and got free alterations within 24 hours. Amazing when you're only in NYC for a quick trip. I can't wait till they open out west. I think they said 2 more years. Ugh. Knowing my luck it will be SF first.
I don't get it. This place is literally K-Mart quality and style clothes with cool billboards and commercials.  At least H&M is cheap but also has stuff you'd want to wear.  I can't imagine EVER walking into this store and finding something decent.  Don't bother and don't believe the hype. Again:  I just.  Don't.  Get.  It.
THE BEST! I cant tell you how much i adore this store.  Uniqlo seriously fits all of my needs- clothes that i can mix and match, wear to work, and just live in.  The thin wool sweater is the only wool i can wear- it is so soft and warm i  don't want to take it off.  Clothes that just mold to your body. I have been to Japan and loved the store there, so i was ecstatic to find one in NYC when i recently moved here. go check it out- impossible to walk out with empty hands :)
I was waiting for the ROBOT to help me pick out clothes, but some other needy ppl were taking too long and I was on a time crunch. "We could have been shopping buddies." I muttered, "cause I love this place and I'd pay a visit whenever I was on the right coast...possibly even set you up with my Roomba." Oh well I guess I can pick out my OWN clothes which I did, but I didn't pick the right sizes, Robot and I wasn't going to return until December. See, see what I did? I'm a mess without technology.
So I became a traitor and went to GAP to buy my jeans since Uniqlo's jeans colors were starting to be a bit weird (They didn't have the dark wash I liked anymore and GAP did). I went to GAP on Wednesday and bought two pairs of legging jeans. I went to Uniqlo today and tried on the jeans and I fell in love all over again. They had my wash (YES!!!!!) and I also picked up a pair of white skinny jeans for $9.99. Ha, beat that. I love Uniqlo. I won't ever leave you again, I promise.
Uniqlo is beautiful.  I walked in and was immediately impressed by their towering shelves of neatly folded and color coded clothes.  A little further in and I became equally impressed by their clean architectural lines.  This is the Japanese version of Gap-- great for picking up everyday staples for your closet.  Their styles are not exceptionally trendy, though still great for up-to-date fashion staples (skinny/wide-legged jeans, babydolls) and the quality is top notch compared to its prices. Still, after a couple spins, I started feeling like I was trapped in Stepford and had to book it outta there.
Move over GAP, you've been replaced. As a 5'7". 135 lb. male, it has been almost impossible trying to find clothes (especially dress shirts) that fit me properly so that I am not swimming in them. In most American retail stores, anything sized 'Small' is too big for me. Don't even bother trying to find anything 'X-Small'. At UNIQLO, I was amazed to find a basic dress shirt in 'Small' that fitted me properly and was very affordable ($29.50). Hopefully, I'll find that the shirt is quality and durable. If so, I'll easily bump this rating up to 5 stars and exclusively shop for a dress shirts from there. Two issues, the store was rather disheveled and the lines were long, but that's only because I was shopping the week after Christmas.
Basically it's American Apparel for old people minus the hip and snug fitting clothes. Huge store.  Shelves among shelves of clothing.  I wasn't too wild about any of their styles.  It's pretty bland and uninspiring.  Overall it's all Hype.
In Uniqlo you always get something you like if you ain't that picky. It seems that I always catch the sales when I drop by here. About 2 weeks ago I dropped by here and got myself some new shirts and jeans. I got to tell you though some of there sizes do run smaller so you may need to tried it out first. For the price though its pretty reasonable, I am sure if you give this place a try you will find something you like.
I'm pretty slender, with a thin frame. At a shade under 6 feet, it becomes difficult to find clothes that fit well. I prefer a snug fit to anything billowy, that hangs like I belong in a early 90s era TLC video.Luckily they carry a wide array of sizes, so I can usually find a good fit. Massive store. My favorite thing to get, v-neck t shirts! $4.90!!!! On sale they go as low as 2 bucks-ish! And I've washed, washed, washed and washed them and they last. So for less than the price of a meal at McDonald's, for a dime or so less than your favorite street vendor Halal plate, for almost the equivalent of TWO subway rides, you can get a great fitting tee.
Japanese Gap. My BMI is too fat to wear anything from here :( It's always busy here
Oh Uniqlo, you're dear to me. I both understand and don't understand how people can compare it to certain places, but if we're comparing, so be it: - better quality than H&M, and it doesn't have a skanktastic tackyland section as seems requisite in H&Ms these days. (Honestly, if they just cut out that try-too-hard section and left the other decent stylish sections, they'd be better off). Also, clothes aren't scratchy like H&M. - still basic, but a little more flair than the average Gap piece. Gap's moving up in that sense, though! - better quality and much more stylish, better fits than Old Navy - not so much skintight form-fitting stuff as American Apparel, at least for me hasn't been shrinkable like AApparel, and again, more flair. I *like* the fact that Uniqlo isn't trendy. It is, however, stylish, and there is a difference. They have really good quality pieces that will last, won't end up scratching your skin or shrink to a glove (or "squeeze-your-fat-out" fit), isn't the "wear/wash once/twice and it'll tear or get a hole!" type, and fits well. They have great basic pieces that can be used alongside other more fashion-forward pieces when you're in a more trendy mood, but doesn't do the OD-on-trendiness syndrome that some places do. I feel good knowing the things I buy here can be used season after season, not just because of quality but also style. They aren't boring either - there's just enough flair to make it stylish, and fortunately in a subtle-enough way that it could carry onto another season. Not to mention, their denim is high-quality Japanese denim that's being sold for much less than expensive designer brands, and fits oh-so-well. It's fantastic, really - the jeans are so comfortable, and fit like a dream in so many styles. The store itself is enormous, even overwhelming at times. But take a deep breath if you're overcome by the sheer size of it, look at the cool models in the glass panels, and dig in deep. You'll find things you like, trust me. The line for the dressing rooms seems long, but it moves quickly, so don't fear. The staff on the floors and at the registers are really friendly and helpful, but for some reason the dressing room staff are a little short and agressive. (When I say short, I mean in temper not in height). I think it's great that you can get free hemming done here - just try them on, fold 'em up where you want them, ask the dressing room staff to pin them for you, and take them to the register when you're done. They can be ready in the same day within 3hrs, or picked up next day - perfect for short (in height) , petite people like me. Having said that, I love that they offer different lengths in jeans too, and some are so well-cut that I don't even need them altered. And their cashmere sweaters are indeed soft and lovely. As Sam P. so wisely said, Uniqlo things are coveted by fashion mavens the world over for a reason. Reasonably priced, and excellent stuff - I heart Uniqlo. I just wish they'd open up in more locations, but from what I hear, the Japanese owners are planning Uniqlo world domination sometime anyway.
When shopping in Soho this is always a place I have to hit up. I'm totally obsessed. The clothes are really reasonably priced, and the quality isn't too bad. Not to mention they have a good variety of stuff. The stock is ever changing each time I make it to NYC. And don't let the check out lines there scare you, they actually move pretty quickly.
Here's why I'm on board with Uniqlo: I've been checking it out for basics (sweaters, tees, socks etc) since the flagship store opened on Broadway  a few months back but today sealed it for me. Yesterday I went up to Barney's Co-op to return the SECOND (!) pair of Seven jeans that had disintegrated after the second wash (no dryer mind you). No apology, just my money back (including a $100 note! What's up with that?! I may as well be walking around NYC with Egyptian Pounds in my pocket 'cause there ain't nobody gonna break a hundred for you!) and the wise words from the sales guy, "Jeans aren't going to last you forever you know...". You wot?! I use the term "Sales" guy loosely. Today I wandered into Uniqlo and found some very similar, skinny-fit jeans in a good wash and walked away up $140! Come to papa!
Fantastic basics at a good price. I have several shirts and sweaters from them. You should also know that they do alterations on pants for free. The only problem is that their pants are cut for guys that don't have junk in the trunk or big thighs. I tried some of their jeans and pants and even the relaxed cut was so tight on the legs, donk and crotch that I was told by my wife that I looked like a sausage smuggler.
first time..........was OK... second time.. hmmmm... third time........ got bored... nothing unique..
Service was superb. Everyone answered all my questions and was fast to go look for other sizes and return with the correct items i asked for really quick. Fitting room staff was organized and friendly. the cashiers were accommodating and just customer oriented. great training to the staff and it shows. love coming here every time I'm in NYC. i get people gifts from this place instead of the "I Love NY" shirts and Canal St scarves.
Do you ever walk into a clothing store and say to yourself "Gee whiz self, I sure wish I dropped acid before I walked in here"?  Because brother, UNIQLO is the place for you.   Half acid-trip, half j-pop overload, and half cheap, but still good looking clothing.  And yeah, you better believe there are three halves to UNIQLO.
I came here back at the end of March beginning of April for Spring Break (traveling from Los Angeles), not knowing that 60 degree weather means freezing, toe curling, nipples falling off. Again, California 60s is nice weather. Anyway, after my 4th day in NY, I realized my blazer and tank top was NOT keeping me warm. (Call me crazy, I know. Trust me, I felt crazy when I walked out in a turtleneck and shorts thinking I was cute and then it starts pouring) That's besides the point, a friend brought me here and I didn't realize how popular this store is! I love their basic apparel and colors. It's great to layer over or wear by itself to lounge around. I even found a long trench coat that was on sale and of course I bought it! I was freezing, remember? The store really reminded me of H&M but I think I liked it much better! The quality seemed much better, and for better prices as well.
I like their stuff, but I sorta wish they had the Asian sizes so something fit me. American sizes are huge, I'm often swimming in a medium because the smalls are all out. I remember in Malaysia, I was going to buy a small t-shirt and the saleswoman came running to me, and exclaimed, "Sir, you must get at least a medium, these are Asian sizes, they are smaller!" Smaller, righter = much BETTER. I hot my manbag here, and I love it. Haven't got much from here yet but I like the styles, quality and colors, and it seems high fashion compared to the Gap and all that crap. They need more locations though, SoHo is a little out of my way.
I can't believe there's only one of these stores in the United States! Everything is so cheap. I bought a bunch of HeatTech stuff. And I also bought some skinny ties for $12. And flannels were on sale for $19. I'm definitely coming back here the next time I'm in New York.
Blah. Blah. Blah and more Blah. The only good thing about UNIQLO is how organized this store is.
Clothes - Fantastic.  I bought tons of stuff from Uniqlo in Japan, and it's always high quality and fashionable.  While I didn't try anything on here, it looked like maybe it would all fit American frames a bit better. Experience - Awful.  It was December and the place was heated to at least 80 degrees, which is bad enough without ten million people inside.  My girlfriend bought a single shirt and we waited in a line that curved around the store for about 20 minutes, sweating like a bull in a china shop, or a cow in a fire store or whatever. Put those together and you get 3 stars.  This is an easy fix though - bring more Uniqlos to the U.S.
I have to say that my sense of style pales in comparison to all the well kept New Yorkers I've seen strolling through the city (just look at my pic, sporting that Fila windbreaker that was the shit in the early 90's, I just love it and I wholeheartedly acknowledge that it's abysmal looking).  I do live in SoCal though, where one can get away with wearing flip-flops and shorts year round.  We don't have seasons here, so wearing white and khaki in fall or winter isn't a no-no like it would be in Gotham City.  I also have very low tolerance for very expensive clothing.  Expensive cars, expensive musical instruments, and expensive houses seem reasonable, but designer jeans for $500, damn Gina!!  Plus I'm po' so expensive clothing isn't really an option.  So it is with great pleasure that I write this review for Uniqlo, a store in the spirit of H&M, proving that you can be fashionable and po' at the same time.  I'm not up on the terminology so I'll just say that  the clothing here is simple, comfortable, yet hip, and it's not impossible to put an outfit together for over a hundred dollars.  I try to buy clothes that will seem ok to wear years down the road, and Uniqlo isn't overbearingly trendy so that olive t-shirt I bought will hopefully garner some mileage style wise.  Uniqlo is also located in an area with many fashionable clothing stores, so if you don't like this place you can walk less than a block and eventually find a clothing store that fits your tastes.   addendum:  This place may not exist in NY now, so find the location and go somewhere else close by if Uniqlo has left the building.  Gee, I guess I feel privileged.
"Awesome fit" is the theme at Uniqlo. It's hard for an Asian brotha to purchase well fitting clothes in this market. I'm about the details so I have a pet peeve about sleeves extending well beyond the wrist and balloon-like shirts when they are tucked in. Uniqlo (and slim fit options for various popular brands) solved that problem. Word of advice to Uniqlo - go to SF. You'll make a bundle.
I go here for one thing and one thing only. JEANS. I hate jean shopping. I hate skinny jean shopping. I think its hard and you always have to have your favorite boots so you can make sure the jeans tuck in nicely. Sometimes they are too long and then you have to (eek!) tailor them? I don't think so. Let me tell you why I go here. They have a decent selection of washes and styles, and each pair runs about $45. But that's not all. Here is the kicker, and why I go to them for skinny jeans: While you are trying them on and spinning around in front of the mirror wondering "do these make my butt look big?" you can cuff the bottom of the jeans where you want it tailored to. Bring the cuffed jeans to the counter, pay for them and come back in two hours. The jeans have been tailored to your specifications and it's.....free. Yes, FREE. I am not kidding. Take a moment to breathe. I know it's hard to believe that something is free here in NYC. It's true. I know. No, really I know. You should have seen my look of shock and amazement when I found this out. They have free custom tailoring on all their jeans within two hours of purchase. The tailoring seams look just like the jean's seams before they were tailored. Now I buy my skinny jeans there and get them cropped to just above my ankles. Perfect tuck-into-boots jeans. The prices are so good you can have the same pair twice. One cropped for tucking and one kept long to rock with flats. Go check it out. It's one of those non-advertised things that everyone should know about.
I had been excited to shop at Uniqlo since it opened, so when I finally got to NYC this past weekend it was one of the first places we visited. At first it was like sensory overload, but then when my eyes adjusted I was able to paw through everything and pick out what I liked. This place is more Gap than H&M, but it does have some trendy coats and dresses. The Gap is boring to me and this place is not. Uniqlo has the kind of wardrobe basics that people would still say "where did you get that?" about. The walls of sweaters kill me... I had to stay away. If I had more time, I would have gone through all the jeans because they have a lot of great styles. The sizes are weird here though... the dress I bought is an Xsmall, and no matter how much I want to believe it, that is not my size.
to paraphrase louisa may alcott, "uniqlo is my salvation and i thank the lord for it".  or something like that.  i think she may have meant to say "work", but i'll make it my own and say "uniqlo" instead. because it's true.  for guys my size (5'5" 125), uniqlo is a god-send.  this is one of the few stores that have XS-size clothing... at a lower price point (the designer euro labels still do it best, but they're mad expensive).  i bought about 5 polo shirts from here -- all on sale for ~$10 each -- and the fit, cut, proportion and build quality are just right.  i'm still on the fence about the fabric, but hey- for 10 bucks i'm not complaining. i also like the pair of chinos i bought.  flat front, low-rise, detailed tailoring.. and this time the fabric is amazing (i should know- i own a LOT of chinos).  and like what everyone has pointed out, alterations are free.  i got my pants hemmed the same day, but i think that sometimes it can take up to two days now, depending on the volume. their basics (underwear, socks, etc) are also solid buys.  overall, the build quality is superior to those of h&m and gap.  i wonder if topman (soon to open nearby) would be better.  until then, i thank de lawd for uniqlo!!!
Why must you be so greedy and give all your beautiful clothes to New Yorkers? Their clothes are terribly chic, ahead of our time, and fit the human body perfectly. The jeans are just great and last forever. I still have all my pairs of jeans from 4 years ago and they've hardly faded. The clothes here look expensive, but are relatively affordable. I love the fact that they have a wide range of colors to play around with, it really allows you to accessorize yourself completely. Please open in Miami, or maybe not, everyone will be wearing the same thing.
Good quality. Organized. Reasonable pricing. Love this place
This is my favorite place to eat in NYC, and they don't even serve food.  That's how good they are.   Uniqlo USA.  Uniqlo, forever.
We forgive the poor spelling and non sequitur name because this company is vaguely azn...I think. They have a logo that kind of looks like a pictogram reminiscent of Japanese or maybe Korean. The store also has certain design over functionality aspects that one would expect from a culture that is steeped in ancient secrets and customs. For example they pile the shirts way up to the top of the ceiling, which is quite inconvenient, but hey, as long as the ghosts stay away and the prices tags are full of auspicious numbers we'll all keep coming back whether we like it or not.
Love this place! It was crowded and getting to the location on Broadway is a fight, but worth it. The store is huge and the merch is great quality at great prices. I just wish they had one in St. Louis.
Because I'm a skinny guy who has trouble finding clothes that fit, someone once suggested that I should move to Japan. That someone also happened to be an employee at a clothing store. Ouch. Well, since I can't move to Japan, Uniqlo is as close as I'm going to get. I love Uniqlo when I'm looking for dressier pieces--sweaters, collared dress shirts, etc. Not really into their t-shirts. And I know everyone raves about their skinny jeans, but I can't tell you how many times I've gone in and they've been sold out of my size. The problem is that EVERYONE knows about Uniqlo's skinny jeans, so you gotta get 'em while the gettin's good. It can definitely be overwhelming (sometimes I find myself pacing for minutes without actually doing anything), but overall the sizes and the prices make Uniqlo worth it.
Uniqlo is great for clothes.... but horrible for unemployed recent college graduates.
What can I say about Uniqlo that has not been said by the hundreds of Yelpers who came before me?  Just for the record, I have been shopping there since it opened and Yelping for over a year, so I'm no Johnny Come Lately.  I will give you a list of the 8 best reasons for MEN to shop here: 1) Cashmere sweaters (purchased at prices ranging $40-70 on sale) 2) Jeans that are comparable in quality to the ones that the sheeple pay $200 for ($40) 3)Fine argyle socks. Really quality stuff, they wear so well 4)The softest undershirts you will find anywhere, guaranteed. Wait till they get those Hanes off you and throw your rotten Fruit of the Loom in the trash. 5)Boxers. Same idea as the undershirts.  Best knit, softest feel, nice stripes, and they have that all important button so the mouse won't pop out of the house.  I have replaced my entire rotation of boxers, some as old as 4 years, with these.  It was a massive undertaking involving about 16 pairs.  I am considering buying more to hoard them in case they ever mess with the winning format. 6)Kooky t-shirts. Every time I go there seems to be a new selection.  Usually I will find one to my liking. One of them is now my undisputed golden boy. ($15) 7)An array of polo shirts that I have scored at prices as low as $10 8)A public bathroom in SoHo
It's really easy to get good clothes that don't cost too much. The people help you get the stuff you're looking for. Also, they don't say "thanks for shopping." It's something like "thanks for visiting." Can't remember it exactly. Give it a go though. Good place to get dress/casual stuff
This is a very nice place. You should definitely check it out if you like shopping for clothes. I went here because I knew that they would have sizes that fit me (size small). Once inside you'll see a lot of pretty people, and a lot of tourists. Once past the eye-candy, you'll find some nice fitting clothes. They have a good selection of graphic/printed tees, so if you're into that sort of thing, you should check them out. I came across a lot of nice clothing styles here, some I must buy, some I wouldn't (male version capri pants ? = NO). Either way, they offer their goods at a very reasonable price. I'd definitely come back to check out their next line. ps: you can find some nice items on the sale racks. Don't pass them by.
I will definitely be back for socks/underwear/t shirts.  Very high quality.  Also, I'd be really interested in hearing what people think of their shirts that are designed for cold weather.  I forget their name, but I'll give a shirt a try this December. My big complaint: at least when I was there, everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, on sale was at LEAST XL of larger.  Now, judging by my dinner this evening (pizza and gelato), I'm well on my way to being a fashionable big boy.   But until then, I will remain Medum and unfashionable.
I come here to use their bathrooms, there's a lot and it's clean. The clothes are nice and well priced.
From outside, It's very difficult to tell what this place is. The only signcthe exterior has, is a small, red, square banner above the door. But  as u enter, u realize how HUGE this store is! Great selection, great prices, and free tailoring on all dress pants!
This store is strange.... its like a Japanese H&M/American Apparel. Mostly basics - leggings, jackets, tops. But then they promote this "HEAT" crap = the clothing is supposed to keep you warmer by trapping body heat. HELLO MOVE THIS STORE TO CHICAGO!
(sfrant)Why oh why can't this place be in San Francisco??  Last time I checked Google Maps, San Francisco is a tad closer to Japan than New York.  WTF! (/sfrant) Ok, with that out of the way, Uniqlo is a great place to shop while in New York.  It has American Apparel-level style, at Old Navy-esque prices, but without any of the guilt you might have about shopping at a chain store since (as of the writing of this review) this is the only Uniqlo in the USA.
this place is like my heaven on earth. I make regular trips up from Philly to buy jeans - the first pair I ever bought were the best-fitting pair I have ever owned, and they were tailored to perfection for FREE that same day. brilliant notion. unfortunately I haven't been able to find those exact jeans since that first trip, but I'm still never disappointed. I feel like I'm really getting my money's worth on whatever I get here. can they open a Philadelphia store? please? in my closet?
Visited with a teenaged fashion plate today and she had a ball.  Nice basic clothing with style.  Prices were excellent.  She found a super J+ dress, a lined blazer, jeans, cargo pants and a sweater all for under 200 dollars.  The character t shirts they were trying to promote were not that appealing.  Definitely will be back on our next trip.
unbelievably beautifully designed space...but the clothes? Like gap, american apparel, and H&M all rolled into one. Could not find a single item that  had even the tiniest bit of appeal. This ain't japanese fashion, this is japanese lcd..and that ain't good. Thanks, I'll pass.
This is my new place to shop. OMG, I've known this store from the time I was in Japan. There's a huge one in Shinjuku and they are well known for their clean lines and plethora of colors. I am so happy they've brought all that Japanese goodness to NYC!! They have a variety of clothes. In the back are jeans, and depending on the season, they move the out of season things downstairs -- in season stays up. The staff is just so helpful and not in your face about things. They just happen to be there when you need something. I've bought at least 6 dress shirts from here (great for work) and their pants selection is great too (bought 3 pants). There's lots of cute t-shirts and things, both for men and women. They just really get that people want a variety to choose from and provide it.  It's all a clean look and that's what makes it popular and wonderful. I'm overdue for a shopping session... :P
Boxer briefs on sale! So damn comfortable. It feels like your wearing nothing. Nice and cool for the summer. They had some sweet lookin colors. I believe it was $7.20 on sale. Better get them fast before the sale goes away!
Stay away from the this place, spare your credit card bill. This store is just such a delight for the prices, you easily end up spending anywhere between 150-300 bucks easily if you are a serious shopper ofcourse. The t-shirt, shorts, jeans all in the range of 20-40 bucks and pretty decent and in SoHo neighborhood what more do you ask for. Even pretty nice sport coats are in the range of 50s to 60s. Can't resist going back to this place whenever I am in SoHo,
I love this store! So, in Japan, this place is like the Gap.  Except there is only one in America so it is exclusive! Shirts are $15 and were a fan favorite.  People were going nuts in that store.  Fitting rooms were crazy and register lines were long. I got 2 jeans for $50...Thank you Memorial Day Sale for giving me style at affordable prices.
pros: Really great quality for cheap. The clothes/styles last for years. cons: It is so, so crowded and exhausting coming here to shop. The place is always a mess. I wish they offered an online store so this can be avoided. Think of how much more $$ they would make. What's wrong, Uniqlo, do you not like moneys?? overall: It's is a good place for staples. While I honestly like the store, I can't help but feel like there's something sort of weird about the fact that I didn't care about it when I was in Japan and now love it while I'm in the states. What's up with that?
The japanese peoples answer to H&M except they actually care about the quality. If you've ever made the mistake of buying h&m clothing then you know that it dissolves into nothingness as soon as it's put into the washing machine. Uniqlo on the other hand doesn't try to sell you disposable clothing as their items can withstand something as simple as water.  This place is huge (3 levels) and designed by a famous japanese architect, Masamichi Katayama san. If you've been to harajuku/ shibuya then chances are you have definitely seen his work. If not for the clothing, go marvel at the interior design.
Why, oh why, Uniqulo, do you not have more stores in the US??  Great selection of clothing basics such as dresses, jeans, etc at great prices.  Most of their clothing is 'UV' resistant clothing if that floats your boat too.  I was sad to leave this place!
My first time at UNIQLO was wonderful.  I was in my polo shirt phase, and they had polo shirts in every imaginable color.  Of course, as this is a Japanese clothing line, everything is about two sizes smaller than marked, and are not made for women with (gasp) boobs or ass.  I bought a size larger than what I usually wear, and it fit fine, although still tight across the noonies.   Trying to get a pair of jeans there, however, is, for my "wholesome" Latina ass, damn near impossible.  And the last time I was there, they were all skinny.  Yes, ALL of them. My second time there was just this past Saturday.  We went in there actually looking for our friend.  I walked up and down between the racks of clothing and saw nothing, I mean NOTHING, remotely interesting at all.   Everything is in basic colors, no frills, no ruffles, nada.  So if that's what you like, this store is heaven.  If you want a little pep, go to Urban up Broadway at Bleecker.  I think for office wear, UNIQLO is great.  For weekend styles, I'm taking my fat yet pretty ass elsewhere, thanks. But the shopping bags, those are really cool.  My recommendation for a low-cost art project for the living room would be to cut out the front of differnt bags and frame them and place them strategically on the wall.  Just a suggestion.  The store is really nice and Japanese minimalist chic.
I typically scoff at most stores like this. However, AM New York's ads taunted me enough times with promises of low prices, and finally got me to bite with their Heattech sales. I walked into this space, and got that kinda nervous feeling you get when you're surrounded by so many things that you can't decide where to begin. I think it's called giddiness. I holstered my wallet and made a bee line for the heattech items, because that's just what I came here for. I couldn't be loyal, however...my wandering eyes glanced over t-shirts, jeans, jackets. I didn't stray from my mission, but I'm making a point to return here and come away with some nice clothing for myself. The prices are fantastic, the clothing is simple but stylish, and doesn't have any garish emblems or shoddy embroidery to ruin it. Being blessed with high metabolism, I am a pretty thin guy, which can be a curse when it comes to looking for clothing. Browsing through the jeans left me feeling happy to know that 30x34 can be had at a reasonable price. Browsing through heattech tops for my girlfriend left me feeling just as happy that XS items can be had at a reasonable price. I was so happy in my personal serendipity that I didn't pay attention to the fact that my cashier didn't return my credit card to me. I left the store, and about a half hour later, I realized my error. After a slight struggle to get someone on the phone who wouldn't immediately drop me off to voicemail, I was told that I'd get a call back if anyone found the card. The next afternoon (!) I received a call from a very nice girl, who very nicely told me that they did locate the card. She then very nicely apologized, because company policy dictates that all lost cards be shredded if they are not claimed the same day (wish I had known that!). So, aside from that snafu (which I could have prevented) everything was great.
Everything here looks generic with no personality whatsoever. It is prob a step up from Old Navy and that's embellishing. I suppose the prices are affordable but I didn't really see anything I would wear here. This chain is spreading like wildfire in Manhattan and I'm still baffled as to why. Perhaps it's because they offer a wide selection of clothing at a good price point for students using the allure of exquisite materials such as cashmere.
I will actually make a special trip to Soho to go to Uniqlo.  The store is huge and has a large assortment of loungewear, casual wear, and basics.  Quality is decent and a good value for the pricetag.  I liked the designer series dresses by designers like Charlotte Ronson.  I don't really get their obsession with Disney or Barbie, but I guess that's a Japanese thing.  Looking forward to their two new stores in New York and hoping they'll think about expanding to Chicago!
Like most mass retail type places that fit the average person, Uniqlo is another one of those places where a petite person like me has a lot of trouble finding things that fit.  But I suppose I feel like that everywhere. What I love about Uniqlo though is not necessarily the clothing - although I really loved the Alexander Wang collaboration, but the travelling exhibitions that go on inside the store.  You really never know what you might find when you go inside. This summer they had a lot of anime T-shirts and even an event where you could meet the artist behind Metal Gear Solid.  That's pretty cool right? And, last time I went in, they had one of those Japanese sticker machines that you could use for FREE!  It really brought me back to my high school days.  I love the anticipation of waiting for your photo to come out...
Why is there only one Uniqlo in all of America? I think this is Japan's way of mocking us. "Haha! We have over 700 branches of Uniqlo, but here's just one so that you know what you're missing! Suckers!" Bastards. PS please open up more branches. PPS Cool clothes, great prices, good quality, helpful staff
This store is amazing, if for no other reason than it's the only of its kind in the US...  It definitely feels like you're in the "GAP of Japan" ...and you are, kind of.  But luckily I'm from the US, so that's pretty exciting.  Everything here seems to be way ahead of any of the other trends, even H&M.  Also in terms of selection, they have 10x the selection of clothes crammed into the same size space.  There are walls and walls of jeans, pants, etc, in every shape, size, and color.  It's trendy clothing, Asian trendy at that...which means in two years the American chains will probably be carrying similar items, why wait....  Not everything is over the top trendy, you can just as easily find your business casual attire here...   They had a sale on $20 wrinkle free Oxford dress shirts the day I was there.  Name another place where you can find them for even double that... I can't really think of anywhere. The sizing is a bit hit or miss.  They cater to an Asian body, though everything I bought was pretty much the expected size.   The service seemed pretty stellar. There were employees everrrrywhere asking to help people.  They do free hemming on pants??!  I didn't have time to get this done, but it's nice to know for next time. The down sides are it's crowded. I was there on a Sunday and the line to try clothes on for guys was at least 20 minutes long.  The line to check out was another 20 minutes long.
I have bought maybe a handful of items from this store, a shirt, umbrellas, and some leggings. The shirt fit was poor, I got a small and when washed and worn again I ended up looking like a fat chick who couldn't find any nice clothes to wear because my chest is on the big side. The initial fit was great, and then I don't know what happened. The umbrellas aren't good for NYC weather. The small umbrellas are good for purses and emergencies but their umbrellas in general are very weak and are easily bent by the wind. Their bigger fold up umbrellas are hard to handle and are not as compact as I'd like them to be. The store associate said I would most definitely be a small, so I took her advice and bought 3 small sized leggings (which I had a hard time finding since the store apparently does not carry enough small sizes despite having been there for the past 5 years and fully aware that small is their most popular size). When I went home, the waist band was too tight and not stretchy enough so when I wear them I always fidget around. Overall, they're "okay". I don't think I will purchase anymore leggings here, or umbrellas, or shirts. I'm not sure about the rest but I heard a few employee conversations saying their jeggings stretch like crazy after a wash or two and another saying their bottom wear loses it's dye like no tomorrow although the color of the jeans or whatever remains pretty satisfactory. Needless to say, I would not buy their jeans. Another time in the summer there were employees talking about some women who had tried on clothing what they said was not nice and very unprofessional. So I don't know what all those other reviews are smokin, but I'd hate to hear your fat ass was atrocious in those jeans after you leave the fitting room.
I ADORE UNIQLO. I love how this flagship store is slammed and posh stateside, yet Uniqlo is as ordinary and cheap as Old Navy is over in Japan. I think the size of the store and the way its laid out is really something different. It's seriously hard not to carry a million things in your hands (thankfully associates are attentive enough to hand you off a bag!) because everything is so affordable and stylish. I love stopping in and finding awesome deals like tanks and camis for under $10. My favorite things to buy there are the graphic tees (steal for $15) and the jeans! I can't say enough about the jeans; they fit my Asian girl figure perfectly AND they hem pants for free for you in-store. If you want that done, they are usually finished next day so you are good to just walk up to the register with your receipt and pick them up. Even though I love this place, I can't push it up to five stars because this store is just too damn busy. All day everyday.. it's chaos. I asked an associate when the best day to shop there is and he said Tuesday or Wednesday morning.... womp womp. Be prepared for the long snaking lines to the registers and dressing rooms.
Where H&M meets Forever 21 meets Urban Outfitters! I've never experienced such a huge place with great selection for men's store ever in my life.  There's actually a men's department (as in a whole 2nd floor dedicated to men!).   This place raves a lot of high-end Japanese apparel, but this is merely a label because this store is based in Japan.  They have a lot of nice things from flannels to blazers, and as a bonus, not too expensive!  Any clothing store that has great stuff with a great price tag? I'M IN!
I dig the simplicity, and love the vibrant colors available.  It's nice to buy something in just teal or just lime green.  Not everybody wants to look like they've been pelted by a 10lb bag of skittles.
In my opinion, Uniqlo is a mix between the well known stores of Gap and American Apparel. We visited this location and also the one on 5th avenue. It is hard to not walk out without buying anything, especially when the mens heat-tech t-shirts are only $6. Over a week visit to NYC, we bought at least 12 items from uniqlo. I wish this store were in the Bay Area/California.
I love this store because it's so big and more organized than H&M yet still cheap.  My first time going into Uniqlo was in London, the cheapest place I could actually find in London, so I was glad they had one in the States.  I wish they had one near where I live though.   Everything I bought was less than $15, or maybe even less than $10.  And their shirt quality was really good.  Not that thin cheap material, but pretty thick to me.  Not everything fits me properly or the sizes run kind of big, but the shirts are so comfy.  I'd definitely come back here to stock up on more casual shirts.
This store is fantastic! Three stories of clothes & accessories at very reasonable prices.  Thanks to their partnership with Snoopy / Peanuts, I was able to snag two shirts for about $13 each. The clothes are very stylish.  I like Lisa R.'s description, she seemed to have nailed it! "Take the Gap and H&M, and give it a Japanese twist. " Because of these great prices & styles, this place was packed on a Saturday afternoon.  Employee presence is everywhere however, sorting & organizing. I can appreciate this!  They have checkouts on all three floors, making it quick & easy to make your purchases & be on your way.
What Gap was, should be, and clearly is no longer. Which begs the question -- will UNIQLO be relevant after the newness wears off?
Similar to h&m but with more variety and quality. And possibly even cheaper for some things. Wish they had these in California.
As long as everyone is making analogies, I'll throw my hat into the ring and say this place is like a Japanese American Apparel. But bigger. And better. And not American. But rather, Japanese. The bottom line is that there are a lot of solid, shiny, brightly-colored items of clothing just waiting to be purchased at Uniqlo. For example, during my latest excursion, I purchased: *Solid, shiny, bright green puffy jacket *Solid, shiny, beige slightly-less-puffy jacket *Solid, bright bright blue sweatshirt *Solid gray sweatshirt *Solid gray, navy, and olive henleys (Going for that Dexter-on-the-hunt look) FOR A GRAND TOTAL OF $110 (TAX INCLUDED)
I think this is the second biggest Uniqlo in my opinion in NYC...the first one is on 5th ave? It's pretty nice and spacious.  Big selection on clothing and section for sale items as well. 3 floors i believe associates are nice, this one guy went out out his way to pull out all the color selection for on a basic long sleeve shirt that was on sale.
i am a big fan of this store..have bought some nice and relatively inexpensive (40 bucks) dress shirts here but really for me, the selling point is the  t-shirts.  i have a hard time finding the material i like sometimes, sort of like worn cotton but a little bit thicker and relatively form fitting.  uniqlo has this in abundance.  and last time i went they had some crazy sale of 3 t-shirts for 15 dollars.  lots of fun and entertaining designs.  i now own a t-shirt with a pretty realistic rendering of a monkey on both side and another one with a somewhat stylized japanese wind demon.   on a slight aside, i ended up buying a shirt that was way too small for me just because i liked the design, but now am a bit embarrassed to wear it in public.  damn you uniqlo and your cool designs and cheap prices!!!!   that being said, the place is also ridiculously full of tourists during peak hours and the staff is only minimally helpful if you're trying to find anything specific.  i waited for 20 minutes in the stifling heat of the top floor to try on clothing which is somewhat unreasonable.
Always find something fun for my sister. Obessed with this store. Great quality clothes.
Everyone loves this store and that's why it has 71 reviews.  I'm not going to say much about it (because who is gonna really read this?) but I will say this. Free alternations on clothing.   Think about that.  Free alternations on jeans.  They're also done the same day.  So, you pick up your jeans, pin the hem to where you want it, and two hours later, it's done.   Life doesn't get much better than that.
Been there done that, nice pleasant store to shop in, everything is plain, simple and reasonably priced for a Japanese store. They have cute manga tees for $15.90, and I bought a cute hoodie dress for $15.90 which I think is a steal. Quite a big store, 3 floors in total.
My Japanese friend brought me a yukata from Uni Qlo Tokyo, and when I saw that they had come to American shores I was excited to check it out.  They had some really cute t-shirts and hoodies and the prices were great.  The place was huge, though still really crowded, and I had a good time bouncing around from floor to floor.  I'll stop by again next time I'm in the city.
I like the variety of sizes Uniqlo carries. Most of the sweaters and jackets fit me perfect, while the t-shirts and other shirts are sort of hit or miss. I like how you can have jeans and pants altered at the store, since they always run long on me. It's a great place to buy basics, but not if you're looking for something a bit more unique (at least in the men's dept.)
UNIQLO just robbed me blind!  Scenario: Here I was just strolling casually down Broadway when all of a sudden I see a couple faceless creatures peering at me through the window.  They drew me into their store and then left me with an empty wallet.  No, they weren't armed... just well dressed. I had shopped in this store a lot in Japan and totally forgot about it until I saw it here in SoHo.  It's the Japanese version of American Apparel... simple, vibrant designed tops and bottoms that can be had for cheap. I went pretty nuts in this store, here's what I ended up scoring: 2 jeans for 49.90 (regularly 49.50 each), 5 graphic tees, a button down shirt, a handful of basic colored tees, $20 cardigan sweater, and a track jacket.  It's a great place to pickup all those basics and layers that are key to starting and filling out your wardrobe. Added bonus: they offer free hemming on their pants.  It takes about 2 or 3 days though, so it's not available for a traveler like me.  They only offer inseams of 32 and 34 for guys, so if you're shorter you can hem the 32, but if you're taller than 34 you might be in trouble. Their t-shirt selection reminds me of something out of Urban Outfitters, their dressy/business side is kinda like H&M, and the layout of the store feels like an American Apparel. All that for the price of a Target.  My purchase came out to be $180.  Guess they didn't rob me after all.
One of my fave stores for basics.  Large store that can get crazy with traffic. Prices are lower than expected but that can work against you.  You start piling the clothes and next thing you know you've blown some $$$. I stick to solid tees ... gotta love how they are efficiently packaged. Some fashionistas look down their noses at UNIQLO.  Hey who cares if it's Japan's version of The Gap.
I freaking love this place! My 2nd visit here and I always get their jeans! I had tons of Hudsons, True Religions, Sevens, Rocks that I always wear. But ever since buying UNIQLO jeans, I've stopped wearing my other pair and only wear UNIQLO. I bought 2 pairs this time and 1 pair was only $20! This place also hems your jeans same day for free in less than an hour!
I would live in this store if I could. This store is up to par with the stores in Japan and they carry the same stuff. The quality of the clothes is great for the price you pay. They also offer free hemming! If you're small and Asian this is the place to go for jeans. Their jeans are the best, plus you can get them altered for free!
Uniqlo actually just opened up their flagship store on November 10th.  It's been advertised everywhere on cabs, trains, boards, etc.  The location is close to where the small container store was on Broadway in Soho (built to create buzz).  I just went two days ago and it is HUGE and overwhelming.  Also, I've been a fan of the store since the summer (when no one seemed to know what it was), and I've got to say that the prices are fair, styles classic (without being dull), and the quality rather good.  Almost everything I've bought has held up well in the wash (unlike H & M).   In short, it's my new favorite store and I can't stop raving about it to friends.  Be careful when you go in though...it'll be hard not to leave without buying something...
My first time entering this store left me a little befuddled by the lack of shoes and hats in the merchandise that the mannequins are wearing. Then I realized that they don't sell those. The color palette in this store is unending; personally, I would buy a cashmere sweater from the nearby J. Crew store, although they look pretty legit here. I've got a winter hat from here and it is very warm. I've also got two pairs jeans from here, which are very snug, but I like the tailoring of each. Plus, they hemmed them in 3 hours. I also have an umbrella which folds so that I can put it in my bag; and when this place is on sale, you get quite the deals. Say hello to the robot.
If I ever got tired of the stylishness of Old Navy and wanted to dress it down a little, I would hit up this place in a second.
Cheap shopping! I love the interior too. Very open and no matter how many people shopping inside, there's always enough room to navigate yourself through. Listen up H&M!
There are a lot of things that bug me about Uniqlo: 1. It's on a hateful "shop 'til you drop" stretch of Broadway, the worst spot in the entire city. 2. It's too crowded, and the weekends are unbearably packed. 3. It's usually WAY too hot. 4. The music they play pretty much sucks.  (iPod cranked = essential.) 5.  If you see something you like but make the mistake of returning later on to get it, it will almost definitely be gone--usually without a trace of it ever having existed, except the sound of the wind and the tumbleweeds blowing... 6. For any given item, they will have 1000 size XLs, 10,000 larges, 200 mediums and...zero smalls. 7. The line is NEVER EVER less than a dozen people. ...but none of them will stop me from coming back, again and again.   You see, their prices are ridiculously, sometimes staggeringly low.  And the clothing, despite those prices, is usually very well made (although there are exceptions, so shop carefully.)  What's more, despite the lowest common denominator pandering to trends that they are forced to do, they usually have a heap of classic, good looking, thoughtfully designed staples on their racks and shelves.   I've bought great scarves, hats, boxers, t-shirts, jeans, corduroys, winter jackets, socks and sweaters here, and they all get plenty of use.  (Frankly, some days I have to check myself  to make sure *everything* I'm wearing isn't from Uniqlo.) The staff, while often weary and harried, is generally friendly and helpful, especially at the registers, where they do their best to keep things moving.
Love the clean, simple basics in bright colors, the endless array of graphic tees, the innovative clothing developments (UV protection and sweat-free fabrics), and the surprisingly reasonable price point. The minimalist designer capsule collection +j with Jil Sander is especially well-designed and forward thinking, and I'm not even that much of a minimalist. Hate the absurdly tiny sizing and fit, and the H&M inspired notion of no online shopping for Americans. It's store or nothing for us Americajin, and if you're not cut straight up and down like 90% of their clothes, there's maybe a Barbie, Mickey or Naruto (seriously, those were the tee selections when I went) you could maybe squeeze into. Better than many specialty stores and boutiques in the Big Apple, but still missing just that little something to make it great.
Golly, this store is huge!  Here's the deal:  take every basic article of clothing you can think of:  undershirts, socks, tees, polos, button-downs...and combine that with the wall of paint chips you see at the hardware store...and you have Uniqlo.  All sorts of things in every imaginable color.  Will say, the quality is good, but not great, and apparently they've got a bad impression of American gluttony--I'm by no means thin, and I can barely keep an XS snug.  Still, you can't beat those drop-dead prices.  Linen? Cashmere?  Blazers?  Totally cheap.  I might not come here for every shopping need, but the colors definitely add a bit of personality to your wardrobe.
I've been here so many times but yet to buy anything. I like their collections, the store itself is interesting (check out the talking robot), but when it comes to the fit and the price I prefer H&M. It seems like a good spot for essentials: Ts, cardigans, etc. and they have almost everything in a ton of different colors, I just think H&M is a bit cheaper for the same, if not better, quality and style.
I love to shop, I love Soho, and did I mention that I LOVE to shop? Usually when I'm in NY, which is quite often as you can tell from my reviews, I go to Uniqlo. I'm in banking, so to find reasonably priced, EXTREMELY WELL MADE dress shirts, trousers, and blazers made to fit the modern style of a young, handsome professional such as myself, is a mega blessing.  The oxfords at Uniqlo fit me so well and my ass looks incredible in the flat front trousers, chinos, and assorted boxer briefs. The only thing I despise about this store are the herds of zombie-esque, lemming-like New Yorkers that are always in my way. But that's not Uniqlo's fault, so I won't dock any stars. Too bad this is the only store in United States for those not as close to New York as me. But I like it that way, because not everyone will have what I have.
Cheap. But not cheap. Get it? The prices are kind and the t-shirts soft, well cut and comfy and four fiddy! In these recessionary times that means I will no longer buy T's at JCrew the Gap, BR or anywhere else. I'm done and I'm sold on uniqlo.
My go-to place for sweaters and jackets. I got a 100% cashmere sweater for $80 and a lambswool sweater for $20. I've also purchased a bunch of cute coats and other outerwear. I never go for any of the women's stuff because the cuts are way too boxy but the men's stuff has a slimmer, more rectangular shape (and they almost always have everything in stock).
When we were in Tokyo, Uniqlo seemed so much to be the talk of the city. I was able to land a few great finds there, including a $20 off-white hooded fleece jacket (think pussycat dolls - EWE did I really say that? ;p) and a couple of cashmere sweaters for $30. Glad to find that they've an outlet here! I love centerpiece revolving tee-shirt display. Quite an eyecatching display. Here in NYC, I've lucked out with a $19.90 dark denim jeans and a winter coat as well as more cashmere tops and women's tights! Ooh, very affordable indeed.
I love the UNIQLO clean and classic style; it's easy to find whatever you're looking for. And the prices are pretty reasonable. I love that they will hem your jeans for you. Keeps me coming back for more. But the Heat Tech business is total baloney. The HT tights are no warmer than your regular tights. Truth.
You know about this one. I've heard Uniqlo described as the Japanese Gap though really it's much better and even cheaper. The store is huge but the sales staff is so attentive they'll hunt you through the aisles for sport. Don't even bother at peak times (Saturday and Sunday afternoons) because the entirety of Soho is already in there. Think basics. They have great, well-fitting t-shirts. Good work appropriate dress shirts for 30ish. Mountainous piles of flannel. Boxers! Socks! Back when they were doing Japanese raw denim they had great jeans but now they're just good for beater pairs when they're on sale. Don't stray into fancier areas. You may think that blazer is "good enough" at 60 dollars but you'll just end up returning it a week later. Also don't do the H&M impulse buy. 10 things at 20 dollars each is still 200 dollars last time I checked. Stay frosty. Remember your training.
ive fallen in love with uniqlo...its kinda the best of everything: trendy, good quality, better than fair price now dont get me wrong, its not great quality, and its not something so unique you wont find it anywhere, they sell plaid flannel shirts just like all retailers this fall...but their color combos are spot on trend, and you dont see them anywhere else.... and since they only have one store in the us, you def wont see any of these items outside manhattan (too bad i dont leave the island much :( and for basics, like undershirts and underwear, socks, even denim and button downs, you can find great, classic styles at really affordable prices.  $39.95 for a great slim cut japanese denim jean is amazle-ballsi that said, the lines suck, and there are TOO many people there, but it is big, and they usually have a large staff to make the wait less than it could be
Love this store...too bad we don't have one in OC.  Lots of colorful thermo/shirts for you to choose from.  Pricing, not too bad either and they even have complimentary hemming for your jeans (pick up the next day).  I mainly shop here on our trip.
This place felt like a Japanese H&M mixed with a Gap but it is definitely worth checking out if you're visiting New York. The store is overwhelmingly massive with it's four stories coupled with the fact that it is packed with people. So be warned if you're the kind of person who has to go along with the lady when she wants to go shopping. It may take awhile. While I was here I was able to find a lot of things that I'd want to get either because of the style or the fit. I know Uniqlo is promoting their Heat-tech line because I had a extra-helpful employee ask me if I had heard about the benefits of Heat-tech. I said I had not and she basically broke down all the different types of Heat-tech infused garments. After a lengthy run-down, she asked if I was a v-neck type of guy and before I could answer she concluded that "crew-necks would look fabulous" on me. While living in L.A. I didn't think I'd need anything with Heat-tech in it, I still decided to get some stuff  if only because I may want to stay warm and look stylish too. I will say that my heat-tech shirt feels great and looks good too. I challenge you to not want to buy at least something from here and unless you're going to Japan sometime soon I'd definitely recommend perusing this store as there is so much to see at great prices too. Oh yeah, you gotta love free pants alterations.
If American Apparel had sex with H&M, the baby will look, feel, and smell like UNIQLO. For people who live in L.A. and everywhere else outside the Tri-State Area (L.A. mostly because nobody really cares about any other city outside L.A. and NYC), UNIQLO is as foreign as someone grabbing your junk as a salutation (I swear that's how they greet you in some places in Africa...or so I heard.) It's casual, chic, and most importantly minimalist to perfection. A real fashionista would appreciate UNIQLO's simplicity and progressive sense. Every piece of clothing is classic. A person can buy a wardrobe here (like I did) and wear the same items 20 years from now because it's not overly trendy: It's timeless. Just FYI, make sure you call on Sundays to make sure they're not doing inventory. I hauled ass from my hotel in New Jersey via NJ Transit to NYC subways to overshooting SoHo by ten blocks to walking up through Chinatown to get to UNIQLO before its normal closing time at 7 p.m., only to find out they're closed at 6 p.m. for inventory. I looked like a kid who got his bike stolen. To top it off, it was my last night in NYC. At least, I got some clothes days prior and was just being selfish by getting more. But you can't really blame. UNIQLO ROCKS!
Hit the sales racks...great pricing for some cool fashion thats not at every mainline store. Mens and womens...
I love this store and their button down shirts! I'm a big fan of everything they have there. Yes, it really is the Japanese H&M. I can't go there without buying something.
i was REALLY excited to sample the goods at this NYC-only (in the US) retailer from Japan that opened a few years back. So they are like the GAP/H&M of Japan but nicer/cooler? Well, prolly the wife and I are too picky, but we were more than a bit let down, after being there at 10am sharp on a Saturday morning, for the store to open. Looking back, I wish I was slurping down some rice pudding at the nearby infamous Rice to Riches instead of looking for the one t-shirt I wanted to buy. There were some neat special limited edition designer collaboration collections and cool anime and artsy tees with unique designs from real artists, but otherwise way too much Old Navy/Abercrombie/preppy-style stuff like you can find anywhere else. Prices were pretty decent, though quality definitely was not great across the board. Maybe I already have too many clothes? However, the huge store (I heard it's their largest store) is really cool and I expect them to maybe have better stuff during cooler weather. Ya know, sweater, jackets, layers and all that....
TONS of clothes in this store. Almost everything in the store is wool/cashmere. Both men's and women's collection is really nice. Simple & tons of colors. I wear uniqlo jeans - they have small sizes and perform FREE SAME-DAY ALTERATIONS ON SITE. And they're cheap as hell - $49.50. Also really cute, inexpensive undies/camis for the ladies on the basement level. Only downside - the lights are so bright in this store, it's SO HOT inside. Annoying to carry all my jackets on my sleeve while I'm shopping inside
Uniqlo is similar to H&M, but has much more conservative, plain clothing.  The prices are reasonable; the quality is pretty good; but the clothing is very bland.  They offer casual and professional clothing.  The store is beautiful, with high ceilings, some internal glass walls, and multiple floors.  It's a great place to go if you need a solid sweater, t-shirt, etc.
I love shopping at this store.  I always find something to buy even when I dont need to buy anything
I suppose there was just a culmination of increasingly nonsensical and unfortunate situations that have led me to feel like I need to fill some emptiness in my life with books/ clothes/ movies/ and food. Stumbling out of my internship in SoHo, palms riddled with zip codes of regional affiliates that I needed to use to cross reference, and test sections of our online database, I decided what I needed more than anything in that moment, was to spend more money. I waltzed in and out of numerous stores trying things on and sulking out empty handed. Then I walked into Uni Qlo. I cruised their massive collections, examining the sweaters and t-shirts pondering: "Well if there's one thing I don't need, it's jeans" So naturally I ultimately bought two pairs. They fit amazingly, and I'm someone who has an incredibly hard time to find a pair of jeans that fit (how many people do you know that need a 28x34?). Setting me back about $70 for both of them, I successfully burned some plastic and balanced the void. "Thanks Uni Qlo, and I'll be back for more shoptherapy love"
I got a purple hoodie from Uniqlo almost 7moths ago. and this is the only hoodie that survived after my obsessive machine washing. no tearing, no fading, looks perfectly new and I love the fact that it's 5% spandex. I prefer buying generic stuff from here than American Apparel. (although I like they make but they fall apart with in a month like they hate me.) I love looking up at the palettes of cashmeres there.. it's so nice, and what's the secret to their prices?? loooovely lovely lovely.
Uniqlo is awesome! I am so glad we made it out to check out this great shop in SoHo. They carry a lot of good basic items (shirts, pants, etc in many colors & styles) and we were able to snag a bunch of finds for under $100. Their shirts are cut really nicely (longer), which as a tall/somewhat busty female I really appreciate. My husband got a wrinkle-free shirt for under $30. We also found some underthings for a good price. I hope we can buy things online from Uniqlo, because I definitely think I'll want more goodies from them eventually. So glad we checked it out! I recommend this store for sure.
Oh yeah. After all the hype you almost don't want to like this place. But dammmmmn, THIS is where you find that knit linen wrap dress in a Spanish Moss color that you've fantasized about for ages. I was traveling with a designer-friend for a show in New York, and our mantra the entire trip was "Neutrals, with a pop of color!" This is basically all you need to know about Uniqlo. Skip the bullshit screenprinted tees and stock up on every single slightly-more-interesting-than-basic basic item in the store. For good measure, get each thing in all proffered shades of bone, egg, or ecru.
Ok... yawn. A hundred different t-shirts in a hundred different colors, and that's pretty much where the dynamic begins and ends. What I like about this place is the on site alterations at NO extra charge. I'm short and need all my pants to be hemmed, so that's a real help. Other than that, yawn.
I'd give this place 5 stars for the variety, quality, price, and free pants alterations (!), but had to subtract one for the disorganization. My bf wanted to get a turtleneck to layer under a jacket for work, so we went to several different stores including Banana, Puma, Club Monaco, and many others in hopes of finding such a turtleneck. I don't know know if this is the season that turtlenecks went out of style, but we couldn't find a single freaking basic turtleneck. They were all slouchy, or zip-up casual styles, or sweater-types. Finally, we came to UNIQLO, and while the store did have such an ideal turtleneck, he ended up buying one of those Heat Tech layering crew neck long sleeve T's and a merino wool turtleneck sweater. Because of him, I also ended up getting not just one, but two, Heat Tech T's (in turtleneck style). Our total for these four items came out to something like $48. I was happily surprised at the decent quality and prices at this place. I'd come here before, a few years ago, but for some reason, I remembered it being ugly and overpriced for the quality. Maybe the massive sale that they're having now has helped dispel that notion for me. The only thing that got to me today, though--ok, two things--is that there was no sense of organization in the store. It wasn't like men's clothing were all downstairs and women's on the first and second floors. They were just all mixed up, and not necessarily by style either. You had the Heat Tech layering Ts (long-sleeve, short-sleeve, and 3/4-sleeve), layering leggings (long and short), all over the entire store, and then sweaters here...and there...and there...jackets here and there. Ugh. That was really annoying. The other thing that detracted from my shopping enjoyment was that there were so many people, it was hard to get from one section--or even one rack--to another. Lastly (ok, my third point of contention), there were no signs anywhere for nearly anything. It was hard to find fitting rooms, restrooms, the "men's" and "women's" sections (as they were labeled in the directory near the stairs). I also had a hard time finding the cashiers. Seriously, how hard is it to put up some freakin' signs?! But...to end on a positive note, I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had free alterations on any of their pants. In Taiwan, most department stores will offer free alterations for suits; just pick them up in 15 mins. I wish we had that kind of service and convenience here. I'm short (5'0"), so I usually have to alter my pants, no matter the brand or style. I'm gonna check out this service next time.
It's like the Gap on Japanese crack. Maybe folks dig that, but I wanted to run out of that writhing mass of pink and yellow as soon as I walked in. The graphic T's were super boring. The prices were not right for the fabulous sweat-shop chic they had going on. And I have a low tolerance for any garment that requires twig-like figure. Fork that. I'll stick with the slightly less stupid H&M.
a one stop shop for all your basic wardrobe needs. this place kicks american apparel's ass, BIG TIME. while in da big apple, i snagged up a uber haute royal purple padded nylon bomber jacket that kept my pansy southern california sunshine lovin' ass super duper warm and looked super cute to boot. kudos uniqlo. i'm a fan.
I guess i am a late boomer when it comes to UNIQLO. Surprising I have recommended tons of my friends to shop at UNIQLO and have not found myself shop there until recently.   I found lots of cute/fashionable stuff at this place with very reasonable price and high quality materials too. I certainly want to come back and shop more. this is my new favorite store !
Coming all the way from LA, I wanted to hit the *one* store in Manhattan I can't get at home to blow me away but... UNIQLO just didn't do it for me. Maybe I didn't have enough time (the boy and our buddy aren't the most patient shopping buddies), but this massive 4 story store just didn't get my drool goingl. I did score two deals- a super soft basic white tank ($12) and a gorgeous tan/gray fringed poncho on final sale ($20), but nothing else really lept into my arms and said BUY ME! Everything I saw was neutral neutral neutral, and don't get me wrong I love neutrals, but everything started to look shapeless and meh. The quality and wearability were a step up from H&M, but I don't think I'll be bartering for a return trip back next time my man and I are in town.
awesome interior..   nice music playin' in the background..  huge retail space (three floors)..   cool japanese symbols mixed into the signs..  all thats needed now are clothes that look good!!! I couldn't find one damn thing that looked even remotely cool. Maybe chics will dig this store b/c it seems like most of the shit here is for females.
Every time I go home to NYC to visit, this is one of the stores I love to go shopping at. It gives H&M a run for their money. The clothes are stylish and affordable. Please come to the West Coast soooooooooooon!!!
I don't know why people describe this place as a competitor to H&M.  Maybe it was because I came in mid-November and for their 1-year anniversary they had all their long-sleeved cashmere and merino sweaters on sale for 25% off.  All I saw were solid, rainbow-colored sweaters and cashmere everywhere.  The regular prices for merino started at $40 and $90 for cashmere.  Jeans are regularly $50 (also 25% off for their anniversary sale) and include free hemming.  I didn't see anything non-sweater material that was short-sleeved.   Their clothes and prices were more comparable to the Gap.  There didn't seem to be any clearance section.  Places like H&M and Forever 21 are cheaper and trendier with a greater variety of styles. Oh, also, don't take pictures or take pictures super stealthily or perhaps not around the security guard.  The guard started walking towards me really fast and said, "No pictures!" and I got scurred.
This past weekend's trip to Uniqlo included two things: first time visiting this location, first time buying heattech items. Having traveled four hours from my hometown to NY, there was no way I'd let myself go home empty-handed. There was also no way I'd myself max out my credit card either. I go through this process each time I'm at Uniqlo so this time was no exception. I had a list, guys. That list only included three items: black easy leggings pants, black heattech leggings and a shirt. Nothing more, nothing less. I ended coming home with two sweaters, easy leggings pants, two pairs of heattech leggings, a red stole and a pair of heattech tights. My credit card and I decided that it would be best to end my spree there. My only complaint is the lack of certain sizes. It seems like size L for a lot of the easy legging pants are always out of stock. Sad. The store itself isn't as big as I thought it would be but it was good enough for me not to constantly step on other people's feet. I don't know if you'd want to be stuck in the basement if it was Black Friday though. It's definitely not for the claustrophobic!
great selection of good quality clothes for a bargain price! i used to think h&m & zara were optimal places for stylish, won't-break-the-bank clothes, but i've come to realize h&m's quality is really sub par. there are a few items that can stand the test of time (with time measured in...weeks?), but there are many that after a few washes, look like that shirt  from freshman year in college you insist "still looks good". and you are now approaching your 30's. when you 1st walk in it can be overwhelming. the store opens up five-fold as you go deeper, and you realize there's an upstairs and downstairs. on the weekends u will need a few hours devoted just to waiting in line....fitting room line....fitting room line again to try on what didn't fit at first....line to pay... but it is all worth it especially when you walk out with a brand new spring wardrobe and still have cash left over for those $15 cocktails you'll wear them to. oh, and a huge plus- they hem your pants at no cost. who said no good thing in this world is free? =)
Visited Uniqlo while on a recent trip. This place has a buttload of clothes for both men and women. They had a decent selection of just about everything, but I think they excel at denim. Bought two pairs of jeans for under $35 which are made of Japanese denim. Be prepared to deal with the utter chaos and long lines at both the fitting rooms and checkout, but in the end, you'll be happy that you braved the wait. Wish they had a Uniqlo store in my town, but considering they only have one US store in NYC, I was glad I got to check it out!
Uniqlo made me feel really old. Everything looked like it belonged on a 10-year-old or Japanese hipster. Don't get me wrong on that statement: I think Japanese hipsters look awesome. But if you're a 6'1" Persian approaching 30, you might wanna look elsewhere. Also, they had NO TROUSERS when I visited. Not a single pair. I even asked.
As a concept, you couldn't ask for more from UNIQLO.  A Japanese jeans warehouse, chock full of various cuts, washes, and sizes, and where the price of a pair averages $40; the store also offers free on-the-spot hemming of your purchases. I didn't think that I would need hemming, since inseam-wise, I'm as average as they come--with 32 inches being a perfect length.  However, I was surprised to find that while the two pairs that I tried on fit well, they were way too long for me, which makes me suspect the validity of the numbers on the tags.  In addition, I found only two inseam lengths--"32" and 34.   Before the I tried on the jeans, I was told by a saleswoman that anything I purchased that day would be hemmed in 15 mins.  However, once I exited the fitting room, the attendant told me that it would be ready the next day instead.  Being that it was my last day in NYC, and being that I didn't want to trouble my friend to trek all the way to SoHo, pick up my jeans, and then ship them to me, I eschewed the hemming.  To remedy the matter somewhat, the cashier gladly filled my request of obtaining matching thread with which I could hem the jeans myself. UNIQLO--get your act together and I will bestow you that fourth star.
I'll stick to Uniqlo on 34th Street. Not only was I not greeted at door, there were three employees playing and not paying attention to who was coming and going. Noone in the entire store smiled or asked if I needed help, and I walked towards the second floor smh. Maybe the 34th Street staff should come and show this staff how it's done.
omg, this place is a MADHOUSE.  I've heard of uniqlo but we don't really have it on the west coast so I never really thought anymore of it other than it being a good place to get really colorful basics, and I certainly didn't think it would be as popular as it is!  Granted I was in there smack dab in the middle of the day on a Saturday, but the line for the cashier was practically blocking everywhere to walk and it was so overwhelming with all those people I just gave up and told myself to go back another day.
Uniqlo is an awesome place if you're looking for good quality, non-branded clothes at a reasonable price.  I'm very happy with the quality of everything that I bought there, and will certainly go back to buy more clothes at some point. My only complaint is that they don't seem to have a set-up that is conducive to the crowds that they get on a weekend.  If you have an issue with personal space, do not come here on a Saturday.  It's like one of those cramped bars where you get bumped into every seven seconds, without anyone ever saying "excuse me."
* I try to visit Uniqlo once every 3 months for some cool t-shirt designs or some formal dress shirts or some undies. They also offer free jeans modifications. * It offers refreshing japanese change from the casual A&F, Aero, Gap, Old Navy etc... * I love its decor, styling esp the staircase.
It's hot! Not like hot- chic, hip and trendy way. There is no air conditioner in the building or if they have one is not on. :) other than that, i find uniqlo a bit over priced.
8 years ago I walked into H&M for the first time in Soho on my last trip to NYC.  This time it was Uniqlo.  Affordable clothes for the fashion conscious.  The store is huge.  Too bad I can't wear a thing they make cuz I'm a good sized American. Go for the visuals and the people watching.  Go to say you went.
Great place to stock up on the basics: tees, underoos, socks.  3 basic Tees for $12?  Domo arigato MF'er yeah!  Mix and match crew neck or v-neck and a bazillion color choices to boot. Caveat emptor:  For the basic Tees, get one size smaller than you usually wear, they run a little big, but that can also be alleviated by a good run in the dryer.  The other goods however seem to be true to size. Very similar to American Apparel in terms of product with much more to offer.  However the similarities don't end there.  Terry Richardson -racy photographer for American Apparel, shoots for Uniqlo too, and has even appeared in their ads -with clothes on thank God.
Uniqlo....I LOVE YOU! I love you in China, I love you in Japan, and I love you in USA! The store is clean and neat and their service is amazing!! They have a great collection of items and price are so reasonable! If you want a higher end collection, they now carry the +J collection....wooohoooo....
Uniqlo is a bit more conservative than H&M, but unlike H&M's products you can actually put these clothes in the wash without them dissolving into tattered shreds of swedish couture. And many of Uniqlo's dress shirts are even (gasp!) wrinkle-free. I've been shopping here for the past few months for all sorts of things and haven't been disappointed by the quality of anything.
Fantastic store!  I go for a simple look for day-to-day dressing, so their plain, streamlined designs suit me well.  Everything is right in my price range.  Every time I go to New York, I make a point of stopping here (and then buying as much as I can carry!).
UNIQLO! UNIQLO! Everyone sings praises of Uniqlo.... But I just can't bite the hype. It's like American Apparel and H&M had a baby but take away the slutty/sexy of American Apparel, and add in the more useable lines from H&M, take away the designer knockoff from H&M, and add some quality. Hmmm, sounds a lot like a better version of the Gap, yeah? And that's what it is, and where I draw some criticism to it. Everything at Uniqlo is fun, solid-colorful, reliable, and... completely unchallenging. It's all solid, but I can't really see myself decking out in Uniqlo all the time when I can go to my local AA for t-shirts (yeah, yeah, they have cheap ones in the basement, but I have to travel from Boston for them), and get more interesting wools (a bit more expensive) from Fred Perry, or more interesting detailed coats... Maybe someday I'll grab some stuff from Uniqlo, but only when I see something that grabs me. Worthy of note, their jeans are really nice for the price.
Like others have said, it's H&M crossed with American Apparel, but with dirt cheap prices. How can you not love a store that gives you such an excellent selection of long sleeved striped shirts? If you ever wanted to dress like a French mime, Uniqlo is where it's at. Seriously though, it's great. The novelty will probably wear off once they start opening more stores and raising their prices (just like H&M and American Apparel) but for now I'm all about it. I can't wait to pick up my sea foam green hoodie!
The great Gap Alternative!  Tired of wearing the same cheap basics sold in thousands of malls across the US?  Now you don't have to!  Marketing language aside, I really do like this place for their variety, value, and the fact that this is their only US location.  I'm especially fond of their t-shirt designs and designer collections that rotate often.  I would recommend trying on some of the stuff first, some of their shirts and sweaters fit me funny, and the dressing rooms (curtains, no doors or chairs) are a pain, specially when there's a line.  Free alterations is a definite plus.
I bought two jeggings - one in dark wash and one black for $50. So price wise it's pretty good ($25 for comfortable, stretchy pants? sold.), but for the most part it's pretty average stuff. Besides the +J line, everything is about $20. I did, recently, find a pair of boyfriend fit jeans from the +J for $19 (it was on sale, obviously), so be prepared to get some great deals. The quality is solid, and they have a good range in colors - pretty, pastel cardigans and pullovers etc.
For me, Uniqlo was like a cheap american apparel. Simple designs on the cheap. The tri-level store was exhausting... not just trying to scale the thing, but also... just the music, the heat, the walls of monotone garments folded just-so. I was overwhelmed. It's alright though.
I like the energy and style this place exudes.  The clothing fit perfectly.  It's definately NY -- from Japan that is. A lot of the price tags seem high, but costs less when you actually pay for them.
I feel like I have to mentally prepare before shopping here because the store is huge and the weekend crowds can be overwhelming. It's a good place to stock up on basics (plain t-shirts, cardigans, sweaters). They also have a variety of more unusual patterns and cuts but these can be very hit or miss. The salespeople are pretty well organized and can be helpful. One huge plus is that they offer free jeans tailoring, so if you have to get your jeans hemmed, it's worth checking out the huge selection here. Another big plus is the large and reasonably clean bathroom in the lower level.
This is supposed to be a brand that is the Japanese version of H&M, but I would probably compare it to Gap. The clothes are plain and very affordable. I do like the fit of their skinny pants. They are quite flattering, but a bit on the long side. The clothes seem to fit true to size. I bought henley's on sale for under $10. Can't beat that.
Uniqlo may be the best thing to ever come out of blatant mass production.    Their sizes run a little big, and the cut of their clothes isn't exactly avant-garde, but they're just so damn cheap!  And color-coded!  And the quality (for the price) is simply unbeatable!   Personally, I thought the cute tees for boys and the nice work pants for girls were the best staples in the store, although I also liked that their more casual stuff (for girls) actually looked good, not just casual.   All in all, I really feel like the store's revitalized the Broadway shopping scene.  One can really only do the Zara - A/X - Prada - H&M thing so many times before you start getting bored.  And fashion, my friends, should never be bored.
Everything in this store fits me like a glove.  The slim fit jeans are magic on these legs.  T-shirts are of the coolest variety and I think I could wear them all.  Best thing is that it doesn't cost your entire savings to put together a decent outfit here. Ditch H&M and go to UNIQLO.
I don't know what it is about this place, but everyone seems so happy to be working there! The salespeople are so incredibly friendly and helpful, the store is well stocked and they are all very knowledgeable about the product on the floor. The prices can't be beat for simple Gap-like separates that fit much better! They have made me fall in love with (I can't believe I'm about to say this) JEGGINGS! There. I said it. I love their jeans, er jeggings. Don't tell anyone.
Uniqlo is basically the Japanese Gap, but features more stylish and well-made clothing.  I go there for all of my basics, such as tank tops, leggings and "non-dressy" jeans.  They have these great work dress shirts for women with UV protection built in, and I am in love with their Heat Tech line, which uses thin and light fabrics, that are amazingly warm.  Hubby got a cashmere driving coat on a whim there once, and it looks much more expensive than it actually was. Also, what's great is that you can get free alterations, ready to pick up in only a few hours! My only complaint is that some of the womens' pants can be a bit long waisted, so if you are like me and have a short torso, but long legs, the fit can kind of be awkward.
When this store first launched in NYC - it was originally located on Greene Street. It was such a small store and it only carried jeans and t-shirts.  But now, they totally blew up and is taking over NYC.  They are major competitiors to H & M.   I don't really care for this store - each time I come in here I don't ever see anything that I like. My friend got a buffalo plaid jacket here that I thought looked pretty cute - but that was the only item that I saw in here that I would wear. This store has better Men's selection than Women's.
Uniqlo is a great source of basic necessities...from jackets to underwear, even darn comfy slippers. Something about the japanese designs that are very appealing. It is probably the minimalistic look in everything, they do not have anything wrinkled or anything that looks too busy. The mannequins have great style to them, the "stylist" (is that what they're called?), a great inspiration to how you can dress their clothing. Legit, you can build a million different outfits from their clothing, very easy to mix and match. Also, the interior of the store is very unique, ...pretty freaken nice for a retail store; sorta reminds me of the apple stores (the glass and all that fancy but simple stuff) However...there are some more personal issues i have with this soho one. The air conditioning, never seem to be working. When i'm trying on some jeans or a shirt, i end up sweating quite a bit... (after waiting on line and taking clothes on and off..on and off). Although it varies from person to person, i'm sure i wasn't the only one. Clothing retailers should definitely have the air conditioning on, no one wants to buy clothes that other costumers had sweated on, might as well buy second hand clothing. Also, maybe it's just this summer while they're training new recruits, there are WAY too many workers, and many of them are too busy chatting with each other than doing anything else. Over crowded with sales associates makes it much harder to really..dive into shopping mode..haha. Then, there was ONE time...holy mother of god, it was so embarrassing, while i was in the changing one, one of the associates just opened the curtain. Certainly, it was an accident, but COME ON, there MUST be a better system of running the changing rooms other than actually LOOKING at a half dressed costumer.... tsk tsk One last thing, the prices went up too much, bought jeans for $49.90, when i ripped off the price stickers, the original tag was $39.90. that's a good 20% increase. damn uniqlo, you used to be my all around clothing retail store... now...sometimes maybe....
Size small please?
This place is HUGE!  There's a vast selection of graphic t-shirts and stylish basics.  The prices are very reasonable and some of their basic shirts are soooooo soft and well made.  This place reminded me of a Japanese H&M/Gap hybrid with a touch of anime for some edginess.  This is definitely a must-go-and-check-out in NYC.
Things I found that made me happy: -organized racks that weren't over stuffed -a super cute, puffy purple vest -tank tops infused with some sorta milk that moisturizes your skin while you wear it... ?!?!  I was so tempted to buy and try. -FREE hemming completed within 2 hours of purchase (GAP, H&M, BR... take note) -cheap basics
Would you come here to express yourself in high style?  Hell no.  Would you come here for casual & work basics?  Hell yes.   Sometimes you want to wear decent clothes at an affordable price that neither make you stick out TOO much nor label you as tourist or douche.  Or both.  Or maybe you NEED that v-neck t-shirt in that PARTICULAR shade of purple but would much rather pay $5 than the $25 at another [COUGHamericanapparelCOUGH] place. In that case, Uniqlo's yer daddy.
uhhhh...uniqlo -stop- new location -stop- 5th avenue -stop- opening soon -stop- can I get a "HELL YEAH"!  -stop- fin
For a really skinny guy like myself, the fit of their clothing is awesome. I got a few pairs of jeans from there and I love them. I especially love the cool graphic tees, and their coats.  Great clothes at decent prices.
I got stuck in New York overnight with no luggage. Wearing wilted business clothes on a very hot day, I stumbled upon Uniqlo. And I fell in love. Huge selection, friendly service and a very clean asthetic made for a super pleasant shopping experience. I left fully outfitted with 2 tops, a pair of jeans and even underwear for under $60. Everything fit well and I continue to wear it regularly even now that I'm back home. The only drawback is the Japanese sizing, which is not friendly to boobalicious women like me. That's okay, Uniqlo. Nobody's perfect. But you're close enough.
Great basics and tees,It seemed like the whole store was on sale,tees between 5-15$ jeans 19.99 select styles i guess, but great baptiste tees.I love his work!! p.s. please dont come to d.c. you will be played out to me and the store would be a mess. we already have enough fast fashion here and not much else.
Cheap!  Too bad that each time I've gone, I've lost my will to buy.  But the stuff looks good, reasonably stylish, is inexpensive, decently made,  and super cheap.  Two jeans for $50?  lightweight blazers for $80?  That's my kind of shopping.  Any product that combines Japanese quality control with pricing based on Chinese labor wages is OK by me... nice to see those two countries (kind of) cooperating.
uniqlo is awesome! the store is huge, and full of goodies, but it's also super clean and the dressing room staff is only half rude which is a relief from the h&m and forever 21 girls. oh my! the jeans are top notch. the sizes are run small (i guess since japanese girls are small), but i can live with that. i bought 3 pairs the last time i was there in the nicest washes and all 3 of those jeans were cheaper than one pair of fancy designer jeans. yay to uniqlo!
$9.99 for a pair of chinos?! I'll take two! This place reminds me of H&M when it first opened in the U.S. The quiet hype became a loud gossip, and next thing you know, everyone and their mother started to shop here. My only issue with this place is that the place seems a bit too packed for the space. But hey, with racks of sturdy-made clothing at such low prices, I feel like a satisfied bargain hunter by the time I work my way through the crowd, (which is what I did being that everyone and their mother started to shop here).
Happy, very happy (thoughts of me happily skipping out of uniqlo store): fluffy black cardigans with the feel of pillows, bootleg pants with cool pockets, and cool shirts that remind me of childhood (kimba the white lion shirt is my fave). Everytime I am off work, I take a ride dowtown and shop for anything uniqlo. Maybe next time, I'll go and buy cashmere.  Cheap but cool.  Not really mainstream-mushrooming about every mall so I really hea-hea-heart uniqlo.
I've tried a million pairs of jeans from everywhere, even designer denim, and every single pair stretches out within the first couple of wears. I bought a pair of skinny jeans from Uniqlo on impulse, and they are the only pair that not only stays through MANY wears, but also washes. I've gotten a ton of compliments while wearing them. Thank you Uniqlo for making the only pair of jeans that makes me look good! Everything else in the store is boring, but the jeans kind of changed my life.
Around the holiday time its really nice, the only problem is that the elevator is really slow. So you mostly gotta walk the stairs, but the stairs are soo awesome and wide. Downstairs has most of the sales and i got a pair of pants for $8.99, chinos baby. Nice material. Then upstairs is realy great. Good stuff for layering.
This place is random in all senses of the word. The merchandise varies from funky picture tees to jeans and cashmere sweaters to a whol floor of undergarments. The prices are much like the selection, all over the board. You might find a price tag of $5 next to one for $100 and feel there's some sort of mistake. (There isn't.) Still, for the most part things are affordable and there are some amazing deals to be had. The basics abound and at good prices, though there are other items that are ridiculously overpriced and still others that you wouldn't deign to try on. Not unlike any store I suppose. It's the shopping experience itself that causes me to rate UNIQLO only at two stars. First, there is the initial confusion given the merchandise and pricing quandaries above mentioned, but beyond that, there is the overall overwhelming nature to the store. The space itself is rather cool and very New York: cavernous and bright, an original brick wall protected by glass behind the register... But it's the brightness itself that throws you a bit. Upon entering, the eyes are assaulted by overwhelming brightness, gaudy displays and loud, distracting music, causing the already hectic shopping experience to be even more frenzied. Go for the deals, but be prepared for the randomness.
JIZ IN MY (brightly colored, perfectly fitting, cheap, and tailored for free) PANTS! i love this place with all of my heart and buy nearly everything i wear on a regular basis here, but they lose a star for staff that are impossible to flag down and the incredible lines to check out.
My friend from Arizona who is obsessed with NYC recommended Uniqlo to me, since I'm a fan of Japanese things. Uniqlo has been called the "Japanese Gap." While this is mostly true in terms of styles and pricing, Uniqlo is much more, well, unique and special than Gap. Those looking for "good" clothes, but not too expensive, and clothes that are fairly simple in design, will love Uniqlo. Highly recommended, and every time I go there I walk out with a purchase.
Move over Gap and American Apparel. Now this is what you call the ultimate basics store. This store is full of various solid knit T's, sweaters, and jackets in every color imaginable. They also have a good line of accessories like belts and tights. The best part? VERY VERY CHEAP. Belts that I've seen at places like J.Crew for $30 cost $10 here. I bought four knit shirts for $10 each -- two were made from a special thermal material and the other two were made of pima cotton. The downside is that while their jeans are cute and also very cheap, some of them come in a limited range of sizes. The one pair of jeans I would have considered buying came only in a size zero. Come on, now! No wonder they were all on sale -- most people are bigger than size zero! As expected, the line for the fitting rooms was long, and the service there was less than satisfactory. I asked the fitting room employee to grab me a couple of shirts in a bigger size and she told me to get it myself.
As a fan of "everything Japanese" (or most things Japanese anyway), UNIQLO is one of those places that I've always had the urge to visit ever since I discovered straight from the streets of Tokyo. The first time I stepped into this store, I knew that I wouldn't be walking out empty handing. Nice simplistic clothing (not some of that ratty HM ugly acid colored crap that they have been producing lately). High quality and creative design -- everything was lovely. Affordable is always the other question. If you want cashmere, you'll be putting yourself in the $100 range, if you just want a t-shirt or so, $15.50. Solid  and button down shirts for $15-30. Not bad, not bad at all. :)
I love this store its very organized and everyone that works there is very nice and helpful. I love their prices and the quality of their clothes.
I remember the advertising campaign for this place when they were moving in. It was all about high quality items designed in Japan but offered at really affordable prices. Well, here it is, a few years later and they're still delivering. BIG TIME. I would say first and foremost the ultimate strength here is in the basics. T-shirts, underwear, socks, jeans, etc. High quality items on the cheap. The other day I picked up some great quality boxer briefs (2 for $10) and  some socks (4 for $10). While I was there I checked out some of their other current offerings and was nodding my head in approval the whole time. Great flannel shirts for $29.00. Brand new selvage Japanese denim jeans for $79. Dress shirts for $19. And their big claim to fame, the 100% cashmere sweaters for $99. Now, I picked up one of those sweaters on sale last year for $69 and it was my absolute GO-TO sweater all year last year. This summer when I was living in the Bronx, it appears that what I thought were one or two termites flying around up there were actually, you guessed it, cloths moths. So when I opened my winter box and found the sweater riddled with holes I was crushed. "DAMN YOU MOTHS!!!!' So I'm waiting for that sale to happen again which I am sure that it will. And when it does, I'll be back to snag another sweater. (That I will take good care of this time. Plastic sweater sacks for the summer this year people.) Also, there is a great variety of styles and approaches to the clothing too. Like I said, there's dress shirts, casual stuff, jeans, slacks, underwear, outerwear. You could completely build your wardrobe from the ground up at this place. And last, but not least, there is something cool about Uniqlo not (yet) being in every mall in America. It's cool that, for now, NY has dibs on this tremendous resource for cash-strapped folks to still be able to buy quality clothing. Rock on Uniqlo. I know you will.
Solid place for strange Japanese t-shirts and relatively inexpensive clothes.
I went to nyc this past weekend and was in need of weather appropriate clothes. :) I had packed a little too warmly and was in dire of need something more breezy. Paul H. pointed to this gray skirt named "tight mini skirt" and with that twinkle in his eyes I knew he wanted me to try it on. So i did. It fit me like a glove and at $29.99, it was a complete steal. :) I went home with that gray hoochi-mama skirt, 2 umbrellas, a shirt, and these amusing ear muffs. I think my bill was under $70 which was not bad at all. Their products are pretty simple and well made. I would compare it to a more chic Gap.
This is a pretty great store. Aside from having some really cool items at very decent prices, they generally have really cool items in a rainbow of colors. Sometimes, when something works, you really want three or four. Very possible a UNIQLO. The clothes are pretty good quality too. I have had a sweater from there since 2005. Yes, three years is not too impressive but considering I live in Boston AND this sweater is wearable three seasons of the year, I would say I am definitely getting my money's worth. I do suggest trying items on before you buy as they tend to be a bit big. And if you can help it, try to go during the week. It is a mob scene on weekends. (Unless you like hacking your way through crowds for a deal.) Either way, check this place out.
lovin' the AIRism line! comfortable basics at a great price!
The only negatives about Uniqlo are the crowds, which are out of their control, and the temperature- it's usually way too warm.  The first isn't really a problem if you're a trained NYC shopper who's been to a few sample sales.  It has discouraged me from trying on garments if the line is too long, but the checkout moves quickly. I first went to this store because they were hosting a special event for the release of the last Metal Gear game.  In addition to autographs they had limited edition tees.  Being the awesome wife that I am, I secured the one my husband wanted while he waited in line for an autograph from the game's creator.   While at the store I was really impressed, and have since gone back for many wardrobe staples.   It's less expensive than Gap, more upscale than H&M, and boasts a lot of basics in many colors.  They have very reasonable prices on cashmere.  The hoisery selection is awesome- I've picked up bold patterned tights for a very reasonable $10.50.  It's worth scoping out the sales rack, I found a blazer there (also for husband) for $20!  The free hemming is a nice feature, but since I'm on the tall side I've never needed it.
I have to admit I buy almost all of my work clothes here. $30 dress shirts that look good, even cheap (washable!?) sportcoats, not to mention decent jeans. Yeah, it was probably all made in sweatshops in Asia somewhere (unlike American Apparel) but doesn't instantly disintegrate (unlike H&M) and you won't be TOO embarrassed about being seen here (unlike U**** O*********).
**Update** Finally got called back, placed my order, yay.  +1 star **This is purely a review of the CUSTOMER SERVICE** (I actually love Uniqlo.  I went to Japan and bought their jeans, and they're the only jeans in the world that fit me.  I should have bought 10 pairs while I was there.) Anyway, I wish there was one on the West Coast.  Unfortunately and fortunately, I found this flagship store after searching online on the East Coast. I have been calling for the last 2 weeks.  Customer Service has never gotten back to me.  They don't pick up during business hours.  How am I supposed to place an order?  I tried calling the store itself, and they keep referring me to Customer Service and making excuses for why they're not picking up.  The floor employees who have taken my call so far have not been too friendly on the phone either. The short: because I love the jeans, I'm going to keep calling and hopefully get someone soon, but so far, THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE.  That's too bad: this is a Japanese chain and they should be maintaining the original Japanese integrity the way that Crepe House Uni does. One star for customer service, a million stars for the jeans, but I'll just round that down to 2.
My bf is between sizes in the length department for most brands, and has thus become used to the frayed cuff look.  Imagine our surprise when they pinned him up in the fitting room and told him we could come back in 2 hours for custom altered pants. The pants were $40 and the alterations were free.  Awesome.
This is the best place to shop in NYC.  All kinds of good quality clothing for men and women in great colors, trendy and classic styles, great fit, many sizes and best of all LOW and reasonable prices plus they provide free hemming, if needed. This retailer is a Japanese company with a great eye for American styles.  Why aren't they on the West Coast? While visiting from California, I never intend to buy anything and yet always end up walking out with some new style tops/pantsdresses which are  practical in price and function. (example:  finally, there are women's closer fitting 100% cotton crop sweats with pockets!) The clothes wears and washes well.
Reasonably cute work-appropriate clothes and casual basics at low prices.  They also have a good selection of basic cashmere pieces in a variety of colors.  This is where you go for that basic white button-down blouse and a cheerful red sweater.  Their parkas and other winter jackets are decently warm and cheap enough that you won't mind giving them away next season when they inevitably go out of style. Uniqlo's winter collection this year seems to be shamelessly ripping off the retro-inspired looks of designers like Marc Jacobs and Built By Wendy, which is fine with me.  Their smocks and sweater coats are especially good values. The store is a tourist-riddled nightmare on weekends (like all of SoHo) so try to get in during the week if you can.
3.5* I really like this place; i've scored some really cute and affordable yoga tops from here in the past...much cheaper than Lululemon and Lucy's
Nice, cheap clothes.  And, it's only in New York as far as the US is concerned?  Stock up.
Affordable clothes that fit and are organized! Lordy, so many of these stores don't have any sort of organization. You walk in, you see a pair of pants you try to find them, you can't because they are all over the store. UNIQLO has good quality clothes and a great selection of sizes, which is always a must. The associates must work really hard because it's actually organized so you don't have to run around screaming bloody murder cause you can't find that cute shirt you saw in the front of the store. People are willing to help you here, which is usually rare in most clothing stores so UNIQLO. I'm actually in love with this place for providing me with my favorite simple cardigan that I can get away with wearing to work. I just love neatness. This place is very neat. I want my OCD to go away but it can't and it's stores like UNIQLO that just make it bearable.
