This is one of my favorite places to go locally. JJ's brews their own beer and changes their beer menu up every so often. You can never go wrong with their Avanel Amber, but some of my other favorites they have every once in a while is Barely Legal Barleywine & Raspberry Wheat. When I haven't visited in a while, I'll try their sample of every beer and go from there. In terms of food, they have your typical steak, burgers and south of the border fare. They have pulled pork tater tots as an appetizer that are amazing. I have no complaints about their food. As far as atmosphere, the building is a century old and houses their shiny brass brewing equipment in the middle of the dining hall. There's an outside porch upstairs, and a cozy bar area downstairs.
This has got to be my favorite place for happy hour. Craft beers that are ALL delicious and get you feeling nice. Great staff and the food I give 10 stars. They give you free chips and salsa for happy hour as well. And it is located right off of the train station so commuting isn't a problem! Go in, have the Avenal Amber, have some chips, and watch ESPN. 5 stars all the way.
Food is great. We enjoyed the decent prices and the outdoor seating with friends. A good location to get beers and some food that everyone likes in a convenient central location.
There are a few positives here: The wait staff was extremely nice! And the beer selection was pretty good. The sweet potato fries are spicy, but awesome. This place is so close to the train station, it's an easy place to meet up with someone from NYC. Negatives: We ordered the chicken satay and the peanut sauce tasted like skippy. I ordered the JJ burger and it was just very over done and the meat wasn't very good. I was really disappointed with the burger which seemed like the thing to be ordering.
stopped by and had a couple of ipa's, not bad -- $5/ea had a salad- it was okay to, $8 -- bar food menu atmosphere is good, lots of red brick and big stainless drums outdoor seating upstairs and you can see the train go by manager was nice stopped by and chatted about beers on tap
Magnificent brew pub! When the Barley wine is back go get some while it lasts. I've visited many brew pubs in my day and their beer is always tops.  They always have several on tap waiting to flow into a semi frosty pint glass prior  to the down hill gut slalom of goodness. The food is good not great. There's  always free salsa n chips at the bar with free happy hour munchies daily. Perhaps the best micro brewery in NJ! And that pretty much sums it up baby.
As a brewery, this place wins 4 stars. As a restaurant, it gets 3.75. So i rounded up to 4. The good: the beer! I buy it in bulk, practically. I have my growlers, and I'm not bashful about filling them up. What they have available changes frequently, but they always have a light beer (Victoria Ale), an amber (Avenel Amber), an IPA, and a stout, and something from a cask. The bad: bar area is small, so getting a seat there can be tricky. Fortunately, the crowd changes as it is either a pre-game place, or a nitecap place for most. I, however, stay for the duration because I love the vibe. Others do too. Wait your turn and it'll all turn out fine. the ugly: nothing, really. some of the things on the menu are dreadful, like the pizza, and anything with fish. But that's not why you come to a place like this. You want beer, and something to fill you up enough so that you can drink more beer--like burgers, or a good french dip sandwich with waffle fries. Fortunately, they're awesome at that.
I need to update my review, because my previous review is only based of the beer sampler and the appetizer sampler. 4 STARS: RASPBERRY WHEAT ALE Delightfully smooth, hint of tart and sweet. Very nice beer, I find it hard to stop at just one pint. 5 STARS: 2 POUND BURRITO A burrito the size of your arm, filled with delicious rice beans steak and veggies then SMOTHERED in cheese. Best burrito ever. 1 STAR: Dining area service (from hostess to waitress). So aggravatingly slow and even disrespectful. Our waitress never came over then told me I was grumpy because I was hung over!!!! WTF?!?! OVERALL: 3 STARS So I'm rounding it out to three stars.... If they could just get the service right, this would be a little gem.
I have never had a bad meal or experience here.  The food is always delicious and the staff is always friendly. We normally get an appetizer of the Butterfly Fries which is thinly sliced potatoes (like a potato chip almost) smothered in melted cheese that tastes amazing. We recently ordered the Cajun Popcorn which is beer battered and deep fried craw fish tails. Also very good. J.J.'s Onion soup is next and I definitely recommend it. Get the Texas Dip, you wont be disappointed.  I find myself waking up at night salivating, craving it. The burgers are also very good. As I try more things from the menu I will have to update my review.  It's hard to steer myself away from the Texas Dip.
This place is awful. Service is awful. They do last call at 1:00. The manager and whole staff were rude. I would never come back ever! The beer is awful, but the staff was even worse. The bar has no seats, and they won't let you sit anywhere. Please save your time. I don't write reviews, but went out of my way to post this because this place shouldn't even be in business and probably won't in 2 years.
My husband & I went tonight with another couple. We had a Groupon, SCORE! We ended up at the bar purely because we were running late & our friends started a tab. Plus, we couldn't wait to try the beer sampler, so of course without sitting down I ordered one for each of us. (($ for 6 4oz beers!! Not bad) The brews were standard, I expected a heartier taste to them, kinda of tasted watered down. The raspberry wheat was my favorite amongst the sampler, However - The oktoberfest was YUM [not on the sampler] and a special fall beer. So the inside is VERY COOL, lofty, artsy, with exposed brick. I really enjoyed the ambience. But A strange mix of very old men singularly posted at the bar and groups of young guys hanging out. Music, Ok - chosen by a pay as you go electronic jukebox. We ordered a bunch of apps as we had planned on eating, the blooming onion (loved by all except moi, it tasted bland, needed some garlic salt or something!), calamari (very standard, no tentacles!), buffalo wings (yummy), popcorn crawfish (tasted like funnel cake, all that was missing was the powdered sugar, no lie) and the coconut shrimp (which had a ginger sauce accompaniment) I liked the shrimp ALONE, the sauce was off. Although the apps were standard the menu looked so yummy., i wish we had done meals but we were at the bar and just sampling the place. The bartender seemed to get "distracted and busy". I don't know what was going on, but we needed our tab for at least 10 minutes, and then once we got it it took another ten minutes to pay Although I gave it 3 stars, we will go back. I cannot score on our company as we brought them with us, so even though we had an awesome night out, still seems like a lot to desire here, specially with the slow service, watered down beers and standard apps.
They tout the fact that they were voted the second best brewpub in the country by the generally respected Beer Advocate website, which is true.  What they don't tell you is that was back in 2003.  Maybe my expectations were set too high based on this information, or maybe my palate is too acclimated to West-coast ales, because I was not overly impressed.  However, was I not overly disappointed either. The 100-year old building has a lot of rustic character, with exposed redbrick walls and lots of aged structural and ornamental wood, giving it a very authentic atmosphere.  The main dining room is spacious and built around some brewing equipment, giving it a bit of a museum feel but also has a kind of sterility that wasn't particularly welcoming.  The bar itself is cozy and comfortable, featuring different seating levels situated around a high-ceilinged atrium with the bar smack in the middle of the room.  They also have a patio for when the weather's cooperative. The bar subscribes to the NTN triva trivia service, holds weekly Wii Guitar Hero competitions, and has what appeared to be a respectable karaoke night on Sunday with a rotation of regulars taking turns at the mic.  I was not in the mood (i.e. drunk enough) to sing, otherwise I might have had to take a turn on the night I dropped in for dinner. The menu has a little bit of everything from pizza to tex-mex to standard pub grub, and it's all very reasonably priced.  I had the substantial Colorado Burger, with sauteed onions and mushrooms, that comes with slaw and a pickle.  I added a side of waffle fries and the whole thing, more food than I could finish, was only $10, and everything was very tasty.  Based on this, it could be a four-star establishment. Now, let's talk about the beer.  I considered the sampler, but after perusing the beer list I wasn't particularly inspired by much of it.  Lots of options on the lighter side, like an American lager and amber ale, and only one on the meatier side - a schwarzbier-style lager that didn't sound particularly appealing.  I first tried the IPA, which was weak-bodied and lacked the prominent hop character one would expect from the style, and I had a pint of the cask-conditioned bitter to finish my meal, which was kind of watery and bland. It was great to find a proper brewpub so close to my hotel for this trip, and it's certainly worth checking out for the food and atmosphere, even if the beer fails to deliver on the promise.
The beers were decent but the food here attempts to take regular bar food to another level but fails miserably. Everything was a shade away from being tasty. Why mess with the classics? On top of that the waitress we had acted like we were bothering her every time she cane to our table. Every order we placed she was already jogging halfway across the room away from our table.  I don't wanna have to tackle my server just to place an order. P.s. Do NOT order the crawfish. It smells less than fresh.
JJ's is always one of my first suggestions whenever anyone mentions that they want to stay local. The microbrewery has everything a microbrewery should have. This place is good if you just want to sit at a bar and have a drink with a few friends. The crowd does vary a lot. Some nights I find that there are a lot of 25-30s while other nights it seems closer to 35-45. But regardless, you're generally coming here with a group already. The people are cool though if you do actually get to meet some of the other patrons. Danielle and Jay are generally tending the bar when I am there. They are very helpful. If you're not sure what type of beer you will like, they will gladly help you out and even let you sample a few.
JJ Bitting Brewing Company What can I say I am a beer guy, great beers, good burgers, ribs, wings, bar food in general. Beers samplers is what you should have if not sure whats-what.  Growlers to go if you find one that works for you.   Outside seating for those who want to climb the steps. Service is good, busy so understand that at times you might have to wait but they work it out.  The crowd does change fast being that it is on the way to somewhere for most people. The bartenders work the counter well and pours are nice. I have never been but they have a chili contest that sounds like fun. I will need to venture out the day they have it again.  It was an old train station so the décor is fitting and the first thing you see when you walk in are the copper tanks holding the days brew. Always has a lot of activity so call for reservations, especially for big groups. Remember to always drink reasonably Crazy Cubano Out.
I know there are some people who don't like beer.  Shocking, but it's true! I recommend just trying their Raspberry Wheat Beer.  For beer & non beer drinkers it is soooooooooooooo yummy!  They also have a full bar of wines and hard alcohol.  Do not expect to walk in here and order a coors light!!! They don't have cr*p here.  It's all house brewed goodness! You want to eat? Where should I start? NACHOS NACHOS NACHOS! They are still the best I have ever eaten.  Their butterfly fries are incredible! They even make a house salad that is excellent! (they put cheese on it)  I love their burgers and wings too!
The only real brewery in Woodbridge NJ. Try the beer sampler, buffalo meat burger and sit upstairs on the deck if its nice out. Or if your into trivia they have some interactive barside game that's fun. Like drunk jeapordy fun. The Service is mediocre. As in i really dont like this job but you might tip me so i have to be nice. However - the handcrafted brews which you can actually see being made onsite in huge steel tanks, make it worth putting up with. It is a truly unique location, housed in a genuine 1870 era train station and they make the beer tast as good as some national microbrews. As a newcomer to Woodbridge I have to say - it's a Woodbridge gem.
Highly recommend: sampler (generous serving of each of the 7 ales for a great price)!
Would I come back here again? YES I never knew this place existed in this area. The food was ok, nothing great. However the beer was great, they brew their own beers.
JJ's has a great selection of year-round craft beer! I've been to JJ Bittings a few times before but I honestly didn't appreciate different styles of beer and the quality of craft beer at the time. So a few nights ago I came with the intention of sampling the "menu". I did not order any food on this visit so I apologize for a lack of review in that area. Let me just say that surprisingly Bitting's has one of the larger selections of beer out of brewpubs in New Jersey. The building has been around for over 100 years and it actually served as a coal and grain loading station for the railroad. You get a real sense of how old it is by the brickwork on the inside and it gives you a nice feel as your putting back a few beers. I started off with a Raspberry Wheat Ale , which was a pleasant surprise since most brewpubs do not try and experiment with a fruit beer. This one has a very nice aroma and color at first notice. It was successful at providing me with a very tasteful first gulp or two. As the beer warms up, it becomes less drinkable however. I would probably be able to only have 2 of these at a sitting because the taste becomes too sweet for my liking. But overall, this is a great beer!! Especially if you get a chance to enjoy a cold one on the upstairs deck in the warmer months. I moved on with a Bitting's Best Bitter Ale. This beer is full of taste!! A little strong in taste probably for most, but this beer provided a robust flavor of malt, it was a little "chewy" and had a good hop aroma. It was very drinkable and would go very well with a meal. Too bad I didn't have one. Oh well, there's always next time. I decided to end my night with an easy/drinkable beer which was the  Victoria's Golden Ale. This beer had a nice color and smooth taste as it should. This is a beer one can compare to typical American lagers such as Miller or Bud Light but with a more pronounced flavor since its an Ale. If you want an American style beer try their Avenel Amber.   The beers are $4.50/pint normally. On Monday they are $2 with .25 cent wings, and 2 for 1 on Tuesday. Overall I had a great experience and I plan on having a bite to eat along with a few more beers on my next visit. I highly suggest JJ's if anyone has yet to stop by. Enjoy. RM
We went there at 6pm last Sunday.  There were not a lot of customers there.  Hmmm... Fine beer, but I ordered the Fish and Chips.  They piled the nicely crisp fish on top of the waffle fries.  The result?  Duh...the steam heat of the fries so wilted the fried fish that the batter came loose and I had to eat it with a knife and fork.  Had they not done this, I would have had very nice fish and chips (these tasted great).  That is a simple error to correct.   The slaw was too wet, but tasted good. My dining companions enjoyed their chicken and shrimp fajitas. The food at this restaurant should rock, but mine did not.
Great food, super service, decent music selection. We usually sit at the bar. The deck is open now so we might sit up there next time. Beer was ok, enjoyable but nothing special. THE FOOD!! Cannot stop raving about the food! We had the grilled salmon sandwich and the chicken cheese steak....holy crap they were both amazing!!! Cooked perfectly, seasoned well, sooo tasty.
First of all, since it's a micro brewery, let me say something about the beers. The IPA, Golden ale, raspberry wheat ale and Avenel amber are all EXCELLENT (and I'm not a huge beer fan, so coming from me, when I say I enjoyed the beers, then they must be good). Now for the food. We ordered the butterfly fries and they were yummy. It needed more cheese so we asked for a side of cheese. But overall, it's an awesome blend of crispy thin ribbon fries and gooey warm cheese. We also ordered the Texas dip (which my kids loved) and some burgers. The burgers didn't seem to be 1/2 lb but they were good.  Not 5s but definitely solid 4s. The onion rings are also excellent (beer battered baby!). The Cole slaw that comes with the burgers are very very good too.
I live in Portland, OR.  Portland is also known as Beervana, Beertown, need I go on?  You are probably wondering why I would go to Woodbridge, NJ to get beer.  Wonder no more.  I will explain. I grew up not far from Woodbridge and when J.J. Bitting opened up in 1997 I was super excited to see a brewery not far from my home.  This was 1997 folks.  Not too many breweries were around at that point.  Or at least not in this part of NJ.  J.J. Bitting still stands.  That must mean something. It had been a few years since I'd been here, but happy to see it was still around.  Didn't eat on this trip, so I can't comment on the food.  I came here specifically for the beer.  First round.  Cask Bitter.  I love Bitter's.  I'm not sure this was a Bitter.  Doesn't mean it was bad.  On the contrary.  It was very good, but not bitter.  Tasted a bit like a Nut Brown at the end.  Round two was the Blackjack Stout.  This leaned more towards the coffee end of things as opposed to the chocolate.  Round three was the Avenel Amber.  This also had a nutty flavor.  I'm sensing a theme here. The music was god awful.  I was under the assumption that I was coming to see some live music from a friend of the friends I met here, but apparently he wasn't playing on this night.  Oh well.  Had to rely on the jukebox.  A bit too much dance music for my taste and a bit on the loud side.  Oh well.   Good company and good beers in the heart of downtown Woodbridge.  I have to buy one of their shirts.  They have the quote from Benjamin Franklin on the back.  Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.  I am not a religious person, but truer words have never been spoken.
I love their beer.  Get the sampler and then bring home a jug of your favorite kind! I am still skeptical of their food.  I always leave there thinking it could have been better food.  I like the Onion soup but have been unimpressed with their burgers and the Prime Rib.  I feel like their fajita's are going to be good so I will try them next time I go and hope (again) for the best!   PS - sweet potato fries come with fried onion and jalapeno in them (fried together with the fries).  I think this was very clever and tasty.
You go here for the beer, not the food. The food is disappointing. This could be a top restaurant in the area if they had a real chef. I have been going here since they opened up and I never understood why they haven't tried to put out better food. They have a really unique building, a great location, they are the only brew pub in the area, but the food is well below average.
I've been to JJ Bittings several times and the food is good. Appetizers were a little disappointing.  We made the mistake of going there on New Year's Eve, just wanting to avoid the big party scene.  We were told they were closing early and the last seating was 9pm so we made our reservation for 8:30.  (I had to work that day and did not get home until nearly 8). We were rushed through our meal and told several times that the kitchen was closing.  Finally as we finished our meal and tried to order coffee we were told "sorry they just dumped the coffee".  This about 9:30!  What a terrible way to treat your customers!!  If they wanted to close the kitchen at 9:00 why did they tell us they were taking reservations for 9:00?  I would have gladly gone somewhere else!
I've only ever had their buffalo burger so that's all this review is about.  It is juicy and cooked to whatever temp you like (medium). It needs nothing else; the flavor in the ground buffalo meat is immense. Put that next to some JJ's fries (sweet potato fries w/onions & jalapenos), cole slaw, and a pickle and you've got yourself a hearty lunch or a well balanced dinner. On top of that, it's a brewery with some great micro brews. Definitely a plus.
*No food/Only Drinks* Friendly bar staff let us in an hour before they open on a Sunday. They were very nice to us and even the owner was chit chatting with us. Their beer is obviously made in house and my gf and I enjoyed the couple we had. She is an IPA lover, I like the lagers without the kick. We didn't try the food but were impressed enough with the service that we would be returning soon to grab a bite.
Butterfly potato chips are on point. Fried carbs and fermented barley tea is a great combo. Got the Amber after trying the beer sampler. I am not a IPA type of guy. Standard bar/pub food. Wish there was a TV or two around the dining area. I had to talk to co-workers when I was there.   An extra star becasue they brew their own. Meh Thai across the street is the best Thai place to eat in NJ. Shout out Whoo whoop
This has got to be my favorite Brewpub in NJ. Have been coming here for years and have known 2 of the past brewers. The beer is always top notch and the Monday $2 select pints of on-site brewed beer cannot be beat. Prompted to write a review as I recently split the Isabelle's "Fall Off The Bone" Baby Back Ribs entree with a friend. $20 gets you baby back ribs made to perfection with awesome beer based BBQ sauce. This was served with sweet potato fries which were cooked with onions and spicy peppers. Think they forgot the coleslaw but it was so good I just didnt care. Definitely the 2nd best baby back ribs I have ever had (best are from Lake Placid Brewing basked in fiery Ubu BBQ sauce). A few other things to mention is that the motif decoration here is train heavy and the building rattles when NJ Transit passes nearby. Just dont get caught on the tracks drunk and passed out, may not end well. The brewing equipment (at least part of it) is right smack in the middle of the dining room which is quite kool. Their patio outside on the 2nd floor is quite nice in the summer time. They sponsor an awesome beer festival at Parker Press Park each year. Really the only negative things in over 10 visits have been arriving on a karaoke night evening and having my ears bleed and being denied seating at the dinner area because it was 'late'. Other than that, no other complaints.
They just can not break 2 stars for me. I came here on the last night my Amazon Local was good. We arrived at exactly 7:33 and were in our seats by 7:35.... As we were seated the host lady said "Your server will be right with you" ...no problem....5 Minutes later she came back and said the same thing.....5 minutes after that ....same thing. Finally our waitress shows up. It's been 15 minutes so we have had ample time to run through the menu. She asks for our drink orders and we tell her water and diet cook POOF! She's gone! We really wanted to order our food as we could already see this was going to be a long night. 10 Minutes later drinks show up and she asks for our orders. I got the JJ Burger (1/2 lbs. Burger with cheddar and BBQ sauce) girlfriend got the Veggie Burger ( ...... ) and since the $10 burgers do not come with anything (No fries or even chips!!) we got the knock off Bloomin' Onion to split as our side. I killed my water in 2 seconds as I was dying of thirst before even walking in the door. I knew this was a grave mistake as we did not have the opportunity to ask for refills until our food showed up....... about half hour later!!! If you've read my other reviews you may know I order my meat Medium-Rare, and Veggie burgers take all of about 4 minutes to get warm. I was looking through the specials and noticed that at the bar pints were $2.50....well why would I order one for $5? The girlfriend and I decided that after we eat we'll head over to the bar I'd have a beer or 2 and she'll have a coffee. The food came out and I dressed my burger up and took a big old bite out of it. I will admit that the flavor was there, but it was RARE, I understand that I order it MR and sometimes that runs the chance of it being a little over or a little under but I was kind of scared about how red it was. After we got our food we never saw our waitress again. If I wanted to complain(I didn't want to complain in fear of how long the wait would be) I would have had to go find someone I guess. I was starving at this point so I just ate it and crossed my fingers that I'd not be up all night sick. Half way through our meal we reeeally needed drinks.....but nobody ever came by to see how we were doing. We each roughed back over half our burgers and most of a Bloomin' Onion (knock off) really thirsty. We finished eating pretty quick and at this point had already been here over an hour for 2 burgers and just wanted our check. I couldn't take it anymore as I was about to just leave what I thought would be sufficient the waitress came over with our check. I handed her the Amazon Local and what I assumed was enough cash then left. I'm pretty sure we left about %15 and for my girlfriend that is unheard of. She tips everyone very well and it's rubbed off on me (%25 for good service and %20 for barely OK service) but when she agreed to a light tip I knew she was disappointed in our dining experience. At this point we just wanted to leave so we did not even go to the bar. We walked to Quick Check next door to grab her a coffee and me a $1 Arizona.....I figured there's beer in the fridge at home. Here's where the waitress would go wrong.... She would come to our table...then the next table....then a 3rd table. All three tables would want something like refills, the bill or even put in their orders. Then she would take care of them in the opposite order table 3 then 2 then 1. This makes the wait for table 1 very long and table 3 short. WTF!!!! That makes no sense! She also took our order then went and took a table of 6's orders before putting ours in. A final note: There is a old mattress in the corner of the dining room..... It's just sitting there leaned up against the wall next to a 6 person table. If I brought a group of people here and got seated next to some old mattress I would be so embarrassed for my choice of place to dine. If I was seated anywhere near that thing this would be a 1 star review. Just being able to see it from my seat almost made this a 1 star review but the flavor of the burger and the Tiger Sauce on each table is what made them a 2 star.
Went to this place about a week ago with my boyfriend and it was pretty great! We had the: - Cider - Doppelbock - Some Raspberry beer - Avenel Amber all of which were excellent. And for grub: - the butterfly fries - a MUST try! They were soft yet crispy and they came with melted cheese (in short, the perfect combination). - the colorado burger - medium rare - It got dry a little quickly but I liked the sauteed mushrooms and onions as well as the chipotle mayo. The bartender was really nice and made good suggestions and in general, it was a really laid-back place, great for any evening. Best part? They have GROWLERS that you can take home with you! (and bring back for fill-ups) Bottomline: if you like home-brews and good ol American food, this place is excellent.
So there I was driving around aimlessly one day when the feeling of starvation hit me. I had a hankering for a good meal but I wasn't too familiar with the area so I decided to see if I could find a good local eatery for a bite. Then, I saw a billboard, probably the first and only billboard that effectively worked for me, it said a few blocks over was this place called J.J. Bitting and that I could find good eats there. My interest to see the place was piqued. As soon as I saw it from the exterior I knew I wanted to go in. It just spoke of goodness inside. Plus it was a brewery restaurant so I knew I'd be able to get some good beer. Me and my girl have been to JJ's several times since then and the food has always been really good. From the burgers, to their steak sandwiches, French Onion soups and oh man the Butterfly Fries which is a thin sliced potato chip fry mountain smothered in a wonderland of cheddery cheesy goodness that will clog your arteries and send you into caloric bliss but you will happily starve the rest of the day because the experience is just that good. Friendly staff welcome and serve you, and the place is great for hanging with friends, a business luncheon, a date perhaps and all the while that you're there enjoying the eats and drinks you can look up in wonderment as a miniature train makes it's way around the restaurant on tracks high above you. The beers are also really good, I recommend their lagers, and fresh made black and tans which are great.
I read the reviews and decided to take my dad and the kids here for lunch this past Tuesday. I ordered the buffalo burger sans the bun and coleslaw. My burger was very small, tasted like a frozen Bubba  burger from Shop Rite -bland. The coleslaw was thin slices of cabbage with watered down mayo and full of seeds which were indescribable as they had no flavor. My Arnold Palmer was strange tasting and not in a good way. My daughter had the lemonade and said it was gross. My daughter had a kids burger and hers didn't look any different than my buffalo burger. My father had the veggie burger and waffle fries and said they both bland and my father doesn't have a very discriminating palate. The last thing I have to mention is that my buffalo patty had a small piece of bun tucked under it, which I discovered after about 3 bites. I told the waiter about and the manager came over to talk to me. The manager explained they toast the buns on the same grill as the burgers and a piece of bun probably got stuck to the burger, like it's no big deal. I explained to the waiter about my food intolerances. I guess they have never been trained and/or educated about cross contamination.
The Best things about: *The Building & Atmosphere *Lots of good seating... I've been here alot of time with large groups, and always got seated right away by calling ahead *The Beer sampler! I love getting a sampler... *Happy Hour has free food *Pretty good food... not amazing *Easy to park Cons: *The beer list is very slow to rotate and change
I am more of a Wine gal but when you go to JJ's - you order the local brew. My favorites are raspberry and pumpkin. For $10 you can take home a jug of your favorite flavored beer. In 5 years the menu never changes but the specials do. There is so much to choose from, here are our favorites: Butterfly Fries Tubby Burrito Ruben Coconut Shrimp Quesadilla Do not expect fine dining, its a brewery. Perfect place to relax and enjoy a good meal and brew that is very reasonably priced.
Great place. Food - I had a open faced corned beef sandwich and it was perfect. My friend has the french dip. I had a piece and it was good. Beer - While they didn't have any fantastic beers on tap, the 6 or 7 that they did were all good session beers that tasted good. Music - had to mention this. I heard "Down by the River", "Tarkus" and "Thick as a Brick" - lots of long songs! Getting there - pretty easy. Wished it was closer to me (45 minutes away).
Had a great burger and beer a couple of weeks ago.  it was a buffalo burger and an amber beer.  Out on the outside deck.  Both were yummy  and the service was fine,, Especially since we were the only ones on the outside deck...  nice night, good food.. the basics done right,
Great food, just a tad in the greasy side, but I think that about most bar food. It's a great place if you want someplace kind of chill on a Friday or Saturday night when most they places are too loud and crazy to relax and enjoy a nice meal. The beer is excellent I recommend anything they have that's dark
The beers are great, micro brew is the only way to go.  Food has always been very good as is the service.
Food is basic bar food, greasy and grey. Definitely avoid anything Mexican on the menu, stick with burgers and you won't be as disappointed. You're much better off driving 5 minutes to Jose Tejas instead.
I give this place four stars for the beer alone. In the past year or two, their beer could be hit or miss. I believe they changed brewmasters a few times in that period, but I think the one they have now is among the best in some time. I've been going to JJ's for as long as I could legally drink beer, and some of the brews they've had on this past season are probably the best the venue has ever offered. It gets an "A" for aesthetics. The dining room looks like a wooden version of Pee Wee's Playhouse, with crazy stuff all over the wall and the fermenting stills in the center behind glass. Some of the layout gives it that "Mom & Pop" feel, there's an upstairs area that looks over the bar, and an outdoor patio for parties or just nice-weather dining. I was never a big fan of the food, but they do have some items on the menu that I'd consider. Bottom line, go for the beer.
One of our favorite casual go-tos.  Good selection of beers, good food, and great staff -always friendly and accommodating!  My favorite is the Chicken Tina Turner... And when my boyfriend orders ribs so I can steal a couple!
Burgers, wings and beer here rock.  Other than that the food is just ok.  Specials would be nice.  We continue to come back because my kids LOVE the train that circles the dining room and the bar staff is usually very nice to let them ring the train horn.  Very kid friendly place.
Again I don't ask for much just some good food and good service. One can make up for the other if its lacking. But not here. Had been sitting on the roof top for an hour without beers. The large party to the left of us also waiting over an hour for their beers and to even order food. However, the other large party to the right had their drinks refilled 3 times in the same span we were waiting. So the manager comes up and just has the sh*ttiest attitude basically telling us all that all their computers are down and we're all SOL. I understand stuff happens but for the MANAGER to come out and tell about 20 customers too bad is completely unacceptable. Wow I've NEVER seen anything like what I experienced today. No thanks JJ Bitting, I won't be back
Changing my review of this establishment.  A buddy was having a drink with an off-duty bartender.  The regulars didn't appreciate seeing someone they swoon over having a drink with a random guy at the bar so they complained to management.  Management came over and asked him to leave.  Both he and the bartender thought it was a joke so they chuckled and continued their conversation.  Then the manager threatened to call the police if he didn't leave immediately.  Ridiculous. Honest assessment of the beer is that it is pretty good.  I have relatives who have growlers filled.  I personally like the Avenel Amber.  Overall the food is pretty bad.  It's pretty well known within my circle of friends to eat before you go to JJ's because even the bar food leaves a lot to be desired.
(update 12/15/13) Food was okay this time around. Hot wings were crisp albeit a little dry. Entree was run of the mill tex-mex. Beans are canned and unseasoned. Wait service was not very attentive. The winter ale was well balanced: dark, spicy, and festive, but a tad heavy on the clover. Most beers I've had before were pretty good. Cherry wheat(?) can get too sweet. The cask beer I've had was terrible. Very low ABV and tasted like watery herbal tea. Best strategy is to just stick with beer and appetizers. (previously 2 stars) Came in on a slow Tuesday. Ordered quesadillas but received enchiladas. Wouldn't have minded that the kitchen messed up my order but the chicken was really dry. Makes me think they just gave me someone elses unwanted order. Or maybe they just had to use up the chicken. Either way I got a stomach ache and I wish I took the chance to wait for what I actually ordered. Service is somewhat spotty. Last time I was here the kitchen was also to blame. For a restaurant, having issues in the kitchen is unacceptable. The beer isn't bad, but be on your toes if you order food. If they mess up your order do not hesitate to demand a free beer. They should have done that even though I didn't act upset.
Dear JJ, I want to love everything about you, but I can't.  Every time I leave you I walk away disappointed and upset.  No it's not that your bathrooms are unheated or air conditioned, and are only clean by gas station standards.  You leave gorgeous juke boxes rotting in the back hallways yet have a brand new digital juke box that plays music that would even put my dentist to sleep.   Perhaps that's why the bartender never comes around even when the bar is almost empty.  Your awful music has put them to sleep. I guess that is how you force me to put money in the machine.  Perhaps we would enjoy a more upbeat  station in between jukebox selections, and we would really enjoy a bartender who actually services the customer.  Your unheated bar area left us wearing our jackets and scarfs.  You should leave the roof deck open all year if it is going to be this cold inside. I love that you brew your own beer and this is why I like coming here.  The beer is too warm and always leaves me with a hangover.  Perhaps it may be time to clean those taps.   I like the new tater tots.  It shows your trying but that's all I have ever eaten here. If this were an online relationship I would feel catfished.  Your a let down JJ.  You sound great on paper but in reality your a dirty boy who stopped trying.  You can come back though.  Just get cleaned up, fix the heat/ AC, improve the music and the service.  Overall JJ just try again. For now we can't be friends I am breaking up with you. Goodbye.
Always a great lunch !! Make sure you try the beer sampler, the master brewer is really on his game ! Also do not miss Holly during the week working the bar !
Beer with good food? SWEET! This place was a trip!
This place was excellent. Food and beer were on point. We got the beer sampler and can honestly say all the beers were good. The butterfly fries were slamming too. My girlfriend got ribs and she said she has never had ribs with that much meat and flavor.
Yummy beer, and we loved the beer sampler!  The food was pretty good, portions were large and reasonably priced.  Service was touch and go, but our waitress was sweet and well intentioned.  The manager stopped by the table a few times and was very nice and personable.  The restaurant itself is really cute, and the outdoor patio looks great. I loved it there and I will definitely be back!
Lord have mercy! What the hell am I doing in Jersey!? To see a Springsteen-Bon Jovi duet at the Meadowlands? Or shop at Woodbridge Mall? That I don't understand! There are some really cool places in Jersey...I'm not kidding. Like this brewpub right off the Woodbridge train station named JJ Bitting. The reviews are mostly positive and very much legit, It's was once rated the #2 brewpub in America by Beer Advocate. For the New Yorkers who don't drive, Take NJ Transit & walk less than 100ft...I'm sure you'll survive! On a warm day it's nice to sip beer & hang out on the spacious roof deck, But get used to the train passing by every 20 minutes...Yeah, what the heck!? The interior resonates a historic Dumbo warehouse type of feel, The walls are all brick and there's a spiral staircase made of steel. There is a small electronic model of a train circling above the bar, Which makes it entertaining for kids...how bizarre! I was disappointed they didn't have the Whales Imperial IPA on draft, So I settled for the sampler of 6 beers each served in a 4oz glass. The menu boasts a variety of pub grub at a reasonably low price. Nacho chips are complimentary, but the salsa it comes with lacks spice. I love the crispy salted paprika seasoned waffle fries, The 4 different sliders we ordered are a tasty surprise: Potato pancake with applesauce, BLT, BBQ chicken, & pulled pork. My hands got messy from these sliders that I had to eat them with a fork. I'm impressed by the quality of craft ales they brew on site. Even for Jersey, my beer tasting experience here has been a delight. I would like to come back and enjoy the $2.50 pint happy hour, But commuting here from where I live takes more than an hour.
in fairness, it was labor day and they seemed totally understaffed for the volume of business (they were also pretty much the only place open). the menu is ok but there's not too much interesting on it, especially if you're a vegetarian. the tots thing is cool and the mozarella/marinara tasted great, but the rest of the food was underwhelming. the lighter side of the beers aren't very interesting, but the Onyx Stout is definitely worth a try. service was terrible--we had to wait a long time for food and drinks and had to ask three different times for ketchup before it finally came. water was not refilled. our server did not come by to see how we were and had to be grabbed as he was walking by. the hostess was hardly at her stand and had to be found so we could be seated, and then disappeared before our table could be set. it's the worst i have experienced in some time and it wasn't just our table who suffered. i don't get to woodbridge much so i am not sure if this was an outlier or fairly typical. that said, if i were to find myself in woodbridge again, i am not sure i would go back. it was a pretty disappointing experience.
First off, I'm gonna start this off by saying this is my favorite bar/brewery. I try to visit at least once/twice a month, with a group of friends... usually on a Monday. With that said-- The crew: Charlie is the man. He is a real stand up guy, always pleasant to talk to extremely generous and has a great attitude. He tends to run the ship around there.  Always good to see him and he'll even sit down and have a drink with you if you're interesting enough-- haha Danielle.  Always extremely pleasant  + an efficient server.  I can not think of many bartenders who are as good as her. She sets the bar in my mind. Jackie.. Just learned she moved out of state moved and will be leaving the brewery. Has been there as long as I can remember. If she continues to work in a brewery, THEY are the lucky ones. It was always great seeing these people every week. They all fee like "old time friends." Courtesy, politeness, perfect service. I was even taken on a courtesy brew mini-tour on a slow night. On to the food + beer. The $2 special is hard to beat, regardless. Every monday they rotate their special depending on what they have the most of, I presume. They advertise only the beer they brew + serve there. How cool is that? The wings on Monday are .50 cent a piece. Enough said. I recommend the Med which is actually like a BBQ+hot  sauce blend. Waffle fries on point. The RIBS are EXCELLENT. The sauce is amazing. I've yet to try the burgers but I heard they're great. There is also a selection of "gourmet tots," sweet potato fries, and other great apps. I recommend personally the WHALES IPA, which has been around for a while. I do like strong hoppy beers, though. You can get them all night for 2.50 on a tuesday. There is one last point I want to bring up in this review. In another particularly negative review on JJ's yelp, someone mentions that the servers were discussing "smoking hash." I want to point out that this is HILARIOUSLY out-of-line and a result of  typical hearsay. My best friend, also a regular to JJ, is an independent "pro" wrestler for the organisation Pro Wrestling Syndicate (PWS) in New Jersey. They are an independent wrestling league located out of Rahway. His Stage Name is literally "High Class Hash Brown." His real first name is actually Hashsham. So you can see where this confusion comes in. When I heard about this review, I laughed and I owed it to the place that I've been visiting for many years a review to clear up this confusion. The atmosphere of this place: Super cozy, that's just me. I don't like bars on the weekends. I'm a monday-tuesday guy. Unless there's a big game on Monday night on tv, it won't be packed and you can usually get a seat at the bar.. which is a big square surrounded by brick walls. If there was a zombie apocalypse going on outside, I'd like to be holed up in here until it all blows over. If you don't check this place out at least once, you're losing out. Get a Raspberry beer, some IPA, and some wings and go home with a smile on your face. Cheers
To start on a positive note, the beer here is pretty good.  I like the golden wheat and the amber.  The food is awful!  I can't even manage to choke down the chips and salsa.  How hard is it to at least supply half way decent chips and salsa?  I've tried to eat here about 5 times (a different meal each time.)  No dice.  Good local watering hole, but eat elsewhere.
I went here one Sunday afternoon with my girlfriend. We are both beer drinkers and had high hopes. We tried the beer sampler together, we each got one. The waitress brought them out and didn't seem to remember which one was which. After sorting out which beer went where, we started trying them. Some of the beers were ok, but my main complaint was that the beer wasn't cold. I understand in some countries they drink the beer warm or beer enthusiasts prefer to have a warm beer to taste the flavors, but I would say most prefer a cold one. I give the beer selection a 4 because they have something for everyone, but I drop it to 3 because of the way it was served (luke warm.) The food is ok. I feel its a pub menu with restaurant seating. I enjoy that style though. I recommend the beer battered fish and chips or the steak sandwich with au jus. 4 stars for good quality food! The service was average, and the atmosphere was nostalgic which is nice for kids. I recommend trying it out.
Each day, as I sit on a North Jersey Coast Line train bound for Newark, I pass JJ Bitting Brewing Co.  This top-notch brewpub sits right next to the Woodbridge train station.  The restaurant, especially the outside deck, is easily visible to a passenger with a view out of the right-hand window of a northbound train. And though it usually is early in the morning when my train rolls by Bitting's, often I can't help but think of the terrific pints of Bitting's Best Bitters, Garden State IPA and other amazing stuff brewed within.  It's some of the best brewpub brew out there. JJ Bitting's also offers a very good menu of burgers, sandwiches, wings, salads, etc.  It's the sort of place where you can take kids to the dining room and have a good meal in a casual atmosphere, or head into the nice big bar area to knock back a few pints and watch a game or listen to music. As mentioned, it's right next to the train station, making it super-convenient for anyone who travels on the North Jersey Coast Line. In the barroom, they have the train schedule posted on the wall. They sell big "growler" jugs of their brew to go, and they also have live music a couple nights a week. Simply put, I love this place. I wish I could get there more often, but responsibilities at either end of my train ride make that somewhat difficult.  Whenever I do make it to JJ Bitting's, though, I'm never disappointed.
I love this place, yummy food and beer waiting for me when I get off the train..perfect! The rooftop area is super cute and suprisingly the train going by every hour doesn't bother me at all. this place has a very cool atmosphere more than anything. If you want a 5 star meal  get back on the train and go to ny. I think the food is great, I'm also in my  late 20's to put it in perspective. OH and I also really like the woodbridge light beer!
I don't drink beer, so I'm rating this as a restaurant. Its okay; everything is average. There is nothing that I've had here that I would recommend. Spent quite a few nights here at the bar. Friends enjoy the beer, but no one seems to think its anything to write home about.
They have a pretty good burger here. Very tasty. I don't remember I think I had a buffalo burger.  They have many different kinds of beers that are gooooood. The bar tenders are helpful if u need help in picking your beer. Good crowd. Friendly staff.
The beer is good, but the food is only ok.
I like this place a lot.  It's very different than most other spots around (the typical chain restaurants with manufactured decor).  J.J.'s brews their own beer (available in take home half-gallon growlers) and has a very casual, laid-back atmosphere.  The bar area is separate from the dining area.  The interior provides a real flavor of the building's past use - exposed brick walls, etc. - and a little model train scoots around overhead.  Menu features lots of comfort food - burgers, flowering onion with awesome dipping sauce, corned beef sandwiches, even pizza.  Service is always adequate, usually a little slow, but J.J.'s is the kind of place where you want to relax and spend some extra time.  Makes you forget you're in downtown Woodbridge for a bit. :)
The beers are pretty descent, the burgers were good, but the pizza was awful. I'll definitely go back, but just for beer.
FAST service, food is good and wait staff are really nice.
In spite of the mixed reviews here, I thought I would give this place a try. Had a very disappointing house salad (just plain ol' lettuce with a tiny wedge of tomato). The onion soup was also a disappointment -- no caramelization on the onions and the jack cheese on top was charred beyond recognition. Finally, the wings I ordered were just barely cooked. Soggy, too salty and very skimpy on the sauce. The blue cheese dressing that came with it was watery and tasteless, and the dried out celery and carrot sticks looked and tasted like they had been sitting in the hot sun all day. Would have given 3 stars for the beer, but the temp was just a shade shy of being warm...
One of my favorite brew pubs in New Jersey. You can make a great meal out of the appetizers and the beer.  I recommend the beer sampler for your first visit.  Share the Flowering Onion appetizer and have a burger, pulled pork, or chili.  All go well with the beer. Service is friendly, prices are good, beer is great!  Wheelchair access via  the ramp in the back enters into the bar.  If they are busy, you may need to force your way to the dining area. Oh, the brewing tanks are cool to look at too!
I'm an out-of-towner - my best friend lives in Woodbridge. I made the drive up from Virginia, and her husband arranged to have here at this brewery for a surprise weekend meet-up. I thought this would just be a convenient place for a quick drink, and I was so pleasantly surprised. The beers are fantastic, the prices reasonable, and the big bar a great place for happy hour.
Charming atmosphere with the brick building adjacent to the railroad that creates a perfect vibe for a brewpub.  Ranger of beers was broad but most were nothing to write home about.  The cask IPA didn't really seem much like an IPA as far as hop assertiveness and bitterness.  The porter was quite tasty though, and was a nice accompaniment to the homemade potato chips covered in beer cheese.  Prices were reasonable for NJ.  Service from bartender was a little slow but it's hard to complain much about that on a lazy Saturday afternoon.
Everything was good here, I had the baby back ribs here and they literally fell off the bone, they had a great taste and were filling.  The beer was all good here as well.
JJ Bitting is a great pub right next to the Woodbridge train station.  I especially like the quesadillas (huge portion for the price) and the tater tots menu (they have everything from buffalo chicken to prime rib to chili cheese tots!)  The salads are always fresh as well.  I am a fan of their house brewed IPA, however my boyfriend is not so that is up for you to decide.  They also have a house brewed lager, wheat, stout, and an Irish red I believe among a few others and the occasional seasonal brew.  I have brought friends and family here as well and everyone has always been satisfied.  One thing they could improve upon is that their service is hit or miss.  My mom wanted to hold the cheese and bun on her chicken sandwich one time, and the waitress seemed utterly confused of how this could be done even though I have ordered the same thing in the past.  I have also had some pretty cold waiters here, but also some really nice ones, so can't ding them too much for that.
Though I've been living in Woodbridge for a while now, I had no idea that this place was around was around. Finally tried it out and I'm glad that I did - great atmosphere, excellent beer and bar food, featuring some super service. Perfect little restaurant to take the family compared to the generic chain places lining Route 1 and the mall.
Came here for some beverages and a dinner... I reviewed the menu prior to going that day and picked a beer I was going to try. They have 6 or so house brewed beers...yum.. I picked the great Scott ale for one reason it had the most alcohol hahaha...its an amber beer little dark for my taste but I ended up liking it a lot. I ordered a normal chicken sandwich which was pretty damn good n Mmm waffle fries I ate em all. Def need to come back to check this place out for the outside patio!
This is one of those places that people like it because it's "there" (i.e. local and cliquish) rather than the actual quality of it because it's uncool and out of place to call it out. Out of the 6 beers they offered in the beer sampler, i'd say two or three were decent while the others were nothing special. The raspberry, dark ale and the IPA one were the ones worth trying. The service is not attentive and takes quite a while to get your attention. The bar area was very dark and was not very settling for those who are used to more light where most bars provide it. I had high hopes for this bar being in downtown Woodbridge and near the train station. The search for a good brewery continues in NJ!
I have been to JJ Bittings a few times, always sitting at the bar and not dining room. I love the selection of beers that are all made on premise. The seasonal selections are always delicious. I also have not eaten anything I didn't enjoy. You have to get the butterfly fries, but the burgers, sandwiches, and entrees are all great. It has the perfect food for a brewpub. I can't speak of the dining room service, but the bartenders are friendly and prompt. Great place to watch a game in a relaxed atmosphere.
I have frequented this place many times for many years both alone and with friends, but I feel that the quality of the food is slowly going downhill.  I used to feel proud to introduce people to this pub/restaurant but the ambiance also seems to be ignored little-by-little also.  The wall lights, toy train and miniature moving ski lift were not functioning the last 4 to 5 times I dined in.  Hopefully this has been fixed as I find those little extra decor adds to the location and experience and differentiates it from the next restaurant, besides the food of course.   I've sat in the dining area - at the booths and regular tables, the upstairs outdoors roof seating and at the bar.  I like that they have a square table bar seating where you can play jeopardy-like games with the tv screen.  The booths are comfortable and seating at the regular open tables is pleasantly not crowded and far enough from the next table.   I enjoy their beer sampler and selections, and  I like how they display their brewery tanks in the open.  I've brought friends here who I know to enjoy a good beer and used to brag about the place, however the food lately has been a hit or miss.  So if you find a dish that you like, stick with it.  They haven't gone wrong with my burgers - nice and juicy with a good serving of lettuce, tomatoes and onions.  I would steer away from the other "fancier" non-pub type dishes and stick with the pub-type foods.  For instance, their mussels appetizers used to taste great years ago, however the last 3 times I ordered them, they were either overcooked and dry or just watered down - no more mussels for me.   I ordered their seafood fra diavolo with the option for mild, medium or hot and ordered it hot thinking "hot" in pub places aren't typically hot. Plus I've ordered hot fra diavolo numerous times in Italian restaurants and they're never ever spicy hot like Thai food can be, just a hint of heat.  This place however pretty much doused the dish with hot pepper flakes and crushed chilli pepper flakes that there wasn't a single spot without it.  I could only eat two forkfuls as the heat was not an enjoyable heat although the sauce otherwise did have flavor.  Next time order it mild if anything as the pasta itself was al dente and the serving was generous.   I'm giving this place a few more chances as I do like them for their proximity, their beer selection and casual atmosphere.  I'll change my review if I see they're made improvements or have gotten worse.  I'm hoping for the better.
Went there on Tuesday night and it was fairly populated, had to wait a little to get seating  for 2 at the bar. There was all night happy hour and all beers on tap were $2.50/pt. I had 2 of their Cherry Cocolate Ale, which was OK, but I am not used to the dark ales. My wife had the LI Iced Tea which was good, too. We had the J.J. Fries which were very good and the portion was good enough for 2. Had their White Pie, which was OK, a little low on all toppings, which is spinach/carmelised onion and dried tomatoes over a crust with alfredo sauce. No cheesy taste at all. Overall, not a bad place at all! May return for $2/pint on Mondays.
Fantastic brewpub with a great beer selection.  The brews are rarely "off" and the food is great for bar food, even for a vegetarian (as I am).  Cool old building by the train station, the only bad thing is the bathroom.  Every time we come here, something else in the ladies room is broken.
Yummy buffalo wings! Beer sampler gotta try :)
Great beer selection. Butterfly fries are not worth the hype.
If you love beer like me get the beer sampler you're bound to find one you like that way.
Solid, not spectacular.  The beers are good, and the food is OK.  Nothing incredible, but not bad.  Just serviceable and straight up the middle.
I really want to like jj bitting, however I've never had any food there that was good. I don't like beer, so I've never tried it...if you get sat by the window in the winter be ready to freeze to death! I've had some of their dessert drinks which is why they get at least 2 stars for them, they were quite delish! Please please, change your chef, or menu, or something the food is just awful :( sorry
Love their beer, my husband loves their ipa, and their porter is good too.  There food is amazing.  My husband ordered the chicken and ribs.  I have never seen so much meat on ribs before.  He loved it! I ordered from the special menu: jumbo shrimp stuffed jalepeno popper.  They were delicious! We try to stop here when we go to nyc or north jersey! This place never dissappoints!
if bittings didn't have good beer, it would close. it takes a very long time to get a drink at the bar whether they're busy or not. bartenders will look at you with your empty glass, money in hand and then look away at the tv. there have been times we left bittings without ever being served because it took more than 10 minutes to get a beer. they have a jukebox, however unless you have $20 to spare for music for the night, prepare yourself to listen to slow, terrible love songs from the 80s. i see how it helps make money - don't want to listen to awful music so i'll put a few songs on - but realistically, it tends to drives patrons out and down the street to the next bar. especially on the weekends. we come to drink beer, not feed the jukebox. with all the money they suck out of customers on the jukebox, you would think they'd maintain their restrooms - you know, working, clean, etc. we have left bittings because of how dirty the bathrooms are. (it's a frequent occurrence) i understand, public restrooms... but when it's 11pm on a saturday and none of the toilets have flushed all night... i'm surprised they haven't been cited by a health inspector. bring some hand sanitizer, my friends. they have a full menu, but stick to typical bar food at this place. beers are about $5 per glass. step it up, bittings.
Great bar. Awesome feel (if you are into "traditional" bar atmosphere). I don't really like clubs and prefer a more quiet, "pub" type place which this is. The beer selection is limited, but very good! Only real local brew in the area. I've only had hamburgers there, but the food seems decent and people I know have always liked it. Cool bar with good beers.
Been going here for years.  Love the beer, always enjoy the ales.  The atmosphere is nice - an old train station with high ceilings and open upper floors.  The food is very good.  My wife and I always share the large order of BBQ ribs, and sometimes wings or somethings else.  Pub grub at it finest.  Sometimes the ribs are a little well-done, but they are consistently tasty - meaty, not fatty and basted with a tasty sauce. We visit for dinner every other month so, then whenever we are in the area shopping will stop in for a pint.  They seem kid friendly and we have no concerns taking our infant along in the baby seat.   I'd give them a 5 if the service was more consistent.  Over the years there have been some very nice bar staff and servers, but not always the case.  Past few times we sat at the bar for a while before anyone acknowledged us.  We are not there enough to be recognized as regulars, but the bar staff could be a little more lively and friendly. Food, beer and atmosphere - A+.
romantic rooftop garden seating, good food, and entertianing interactive game at the bar is pretty cool. Support this local restaurant, its so unique.
Welcome to your ol' fashioned, rustic styled brewery. Their beer is delicious. The ambiance was definitely rustic, the food was pretty good, and we enjoyed the rooftop deck dining. POrtion sizes on the entrees was Gi-normous! I've read reviews complaining about the service... the service was ok, not good. But for me, I got what I expected from this place! $$
Their beer is bitter and bad....does the food really matter to a brewery?
J.J. Bitting Brewing Company has long been on my own personal restaurant list, and I recently dined there on an Amazon Local deal that I had purchased. Although I was very excited and optimistic about this place, it was a major disappointment. I had never been to downtown Woodbridge before and was actually very surprised how rundown it was. Modest on the outside but much more charming on the inside, it is clear that J.J. Bitting is the standout eatery in town. To describe J.J. in short : small place, nice ambiance, reasonable prices, but pretty crappy food. I instantly took to the atmosphere with its attractive brick walls, and encased beer tanks situated in the center of the restaurant. Before leaving home I was quite excited to see a Tater Tot Menu advertised on their website! (is listed on one of those small stand-up menus on the table, but not on the main menu itself). Tater tots seem all the rage on menus lately, and in my opinion are both a comforting crowd pleaser and a good accompaniment to beer. We actually did not order any as we were not in the mood for them at the time. My beer of choice was the Victoria's Golden Ale, a wheat beer, and my husband's choice was the W.H.A.L.E.S. I.P.A. We liked our first round of beers except for the fact that they were not nearly cold enough.  The W.H.A.L.E.S. I.P.A. claimed to have a grapefruit aroma, which only I smelled, but did not taste. We ordered the Flowering Onion appetizer which was quite tasty, but not absolute perfection like Outback's Bloomin' Onion. I think J.J.'s has less of a crunchy breaded exterior, and was a little too oily...there was a bit too much oil residue on my plate for my liking. I ordered Ernesto's Fajitas (chicken) as my meal, which upon arrival to our table I noticed that the chicken was dry...I have a knack for visually identifying overcooked chicken. And I was correct! My husband ordered the One Pound Prime Rib Sandwich which he admitted had a decent amount of meat to it, but was a bit too fatty. When ordering our second round of drinks I asked the server if the beers they serve are typically not very cold, and he apologized and assured us that our next ones would be. They were fine. My husband ordered the same beer but I decided to try something different, which I usually end up regretting, and did. This time I ordered the Bierstrasse Hefeweizen, a German-style wheat beer. To tell you the truth I don't think I have ever liked any Hefeweizen that I have tried, but think that it is just hard for me to mentally accept this since I typically love non-German wheat beers. I should probably just give up on Hefeweizen. Surprisingly, my husband did not like his beer this time around since he tasted the grapefruit in the colder beer! Although mine claimed to have hints of banana, which did not appeal to me at all, I did not believe that I would actually taste it. I cannot even count how many times that I drink wine that may claim to contain hints of pear, citrus, or oak, or a beer that claims to have hints of caramel or nuts, and I don't notice a thing! So I have to at least credit J.J. Bitting with accomplishing accurately described beers. Despite the fact that I was grossed out by my banana-scented flavored beer, someone else would appreciate it. To sum up my review neither my husband nor I find J.J. worthy of a return visit, and although the beer ($4.50) and food prices are quite reasonable the quality of food does not live up to our standards...that said, if you don't have high expectations on food and mainly just care about kicking back a few beers then you would probably be fine with this place. Before leaving I filled out their customer satisfaction card that they provide at each table and tell you to place in the box by the door. Although I think that it was a good idea to put a lock on the box so that random people cannot get access to customer's contact information, it would have helped if there was actually a slot to insert your survey into!
Here on vacay and what a great brewery! Pub food with real flavor. We were here on a night that was super busy but staff was still super friendly and hustling. Wish CA had a great place like this!
Great home-brewed beer, awesome appetizers, and some very tasty entrees. I don't know where to begin, and never know what to order when I am there because I've never had a bad meal there. Try their assortment of tater tots, butterfly fries, or garlic shrimp as an appetizer, then go for the quesadillas or chicken picatta as a meal. I work in nearby Perth Amboy, so this is a frequent stop for a late-night dinner on the way home from a meeting. Prices are very reasonable as well.
I've eaten at JJ Bitting Several times and it was usually a great experience. The food is usually awesome, beer selection is great, and service is friendly. This Sunday Dinner left me feeling bad enough to write a negative review. I decided to take my girlfriend here to try my three of my favorite things: The Ribs, Stuffed mushrooms,  and the Avenel Amber Ale. The mushrooms were amazing as always. The Amber beer was cold and made just right. The Ribs were good but were served cold. This isn't a deal breaker as everyone is allowed a bad day every now and then. What was the deal breaker was the service. The teenaged boy who was serving us was very unfriendly. It felt like he was frustrated and angry. When we asked for a doggy bag to take some leftovers home with us the waiter shoved tupperware at us and left without saying a word. I called him back and told him that we do not pack our own food. He looked at us like we insulted his parents by asking him to pack our doggy bag. This bothered me enough to ask to speak to a manager, and this is where it got interesting. A burly behemouth of  a male approached us. He informed us that all their guests pack their own leftowers because most of their customers are "old" and don't trust the staff with handling their food. This response boggles the mind. Then the manager went on about how great they are at brewing beer and did not offer as much as an apology. I kind of feel sad about not going back to J.J. Bitting anymore. It used to be a place with great service, a warm family like atmosphere and  a passion about food and beer. I hate to see how much it changed.
Just had a burger and butterfly fries. It was delicious!  My boyfriend tried the Raspberry Wheat beer and he thought it was pretty good.  For our two meals, an appetizer, and 3 drinks, the total bill was 30.95.  Good food, affordable prices, and friendly service.  Just go!!!!
The ribs were ok, the tuna on the salad was good. The beer was tasty.......I give it 3 stars.
I was excited to meet a colleague here for lunch.  I found it on Yelp.  I am sure the beer is fine, I don't drink.  But was looking forward to some nice appetizers and a meal.  First off, the buffalo wings were nasty.  Must have been frozen and had terrible after taste.  Probably the worst wings I have ever had.  So I was looking forward to my pulled pork sandwich.  First bite, could it be that bad?  Second bite, yes.  My colleague had the same, how is your pulled pork?  Terrible.  He did not like the wings either.  All I can say is thank god work picked up the bill.  A complete let down and waste of money.  I wish I could put zero stars.  The place is a nice atmosphere though.  Tons of exposed brick and wood floors throughout.  As bad a meal as I have ever had.  If you like to drink lots of beer, maybe it would help the wings taste better.  You have been warned.
I have been going here for quite some time and I always have a good time. While I don't go here for the food they have average bar fare and appetizers as well as  tiger sauce (try it). I come here for the beer though not primarily the food, as the microbrewery as craft beer scene surges J.J. Bitting has been doing this for a while. The Raspberry Wheat is always a good place to start and if you are unsure try the beer flight sampler. Usually have a seasonal brew or two on tap as well. Nice atmosphere and reasonable prices... you have no reason not to go and if your worried about driving... Take the train it's right by the station.
Good, fun atmosphere............right next to the train station, there is a mini train set that runs along the ceiling-kids will get a kick out of this. Food was very good, starting with the warm chips and spicy salsa you get when you sit down. HIghly recommend the ribs, messy but good! My husband decided to be adventurous and try the buffalo meat burrito, kind of a wierd taste, he didn't like it, ate around it and left the meat. I'm not a fan of microbrewery beer, and that's all they serve, plus the beer was sort of expensive-about $4.50 a glass. They do have a full bar, I'll just skip the beer next time.
the beer is decent. the pulled pork was too saucy and not so good.i have no desire to go back
This is by far our favorite bar/restaurant in the tri-state area.  The food is always amazing and the beer is fantastic!!  My recommendation is getting the beer sampler, it is inexpensive and gives you a taste of all of their amazing homemade brews.  If we didn't live 45min away, we would probably be here 2x per week!
Beers are almost always excellent. The food is the epitome of "hit or miss", half the time it is very good and the rest of the time it is pretty terrible.  Potato Crusted Salmon, and the O'Halloran's Ruben are typically my favorites.  The hefeweizen is a must try in the summertime, one of my favorite beers ever.
Food was mediocre, ambience, service and beer were good.
The beer was very good but the food especially the hamburger was sad.  To make a good burger you need a good bun and good 85% beef. It's not rocket science. A brewery must have a good benchmark burger. There was just no love in the presentation of the food. Will I go back?  Yes, but not hungry. If I were the manager I would shorten the menu and serve fewer dishes with better quality. In the end it is a brewery and I would recommend giving it a try if you like good beer.
I have been here several times.  Twice was with a large group and both time we gave the waiter cash that was counted several times by two people to ensure the exact amount.  Both times the waiter/waitress came back say we shorted them money.  This has never happened in any other restaurant I have been told that we were supposedly "short" on money and I don't find it a coincidence that it has happened twice at the same place.  I will not be going back!
good food and good beer! conveniently located by the train station for nights you really want to indulge. i went here for a date recently and they didn't even try to rush us out after we were done eating because it wasn't too busy the night we went. upstairs area is good for chatting :)
I enjoy visiting breweries. The historical building and the rustic decor make this place a must go. Great place to have get togethers. Mike, the owner will work with you. I like the staff, the waitress for the party was very nice and efficient. They have a good selection of brews and the tasting is fun. I enjoyed the tots. Specially the nacho tots. The beer battered onion rings were a big hit. My favorite part is the second floor. The high ceilings with art work on the walls, the balcony overlooking the bar, spiral staircases and the view of the beer brewing tanks come together without having a boring corner in the room. But it gets smoky when people order fajitas downstairs and it gets really hot after a while. I great find!
it's a small notch above bar food. The menu certainly consists of above bar food items but the execution doesn't match. I won't list what was good and what wasn't, let's just say that it all could have been better. Should I have expected better? I think so, cause I could get better at most diners. the service is a bit sloppy, and it seemed to me that this was the standard. I feel like this place serves the goal of it's operators just the way it is and that's fine. It's 3 stars which to me means neither a thumb up or a thumb down.
Food, Beer & service are awesome! Pulled pork Tater tots rock! Went here for my birthday with a bunch of friends, we had a great time & the staff were really friendly & professional. I recommend the pulled pork Tater tots, Victoria's golden ale & the fish & chips
More restaurant the brewery - food is above average. Of particular note - great fish n chips, huge serving and real tasty. As for the craft beer - it is just OK. I have had good beers here, but never great. Tried Avenel Amber, and Whales IPA. As I said - good, but not great.  Nice that it is right by the train station - so good place after work, or for a starter before heading to the shore or NYC. Wish they had more TVs for sporting events, bar area is relatively small.
This place was good, I would comeback. Service was good. The beer was not great, but very decent (try the IPA and the Oktoberfest). The food was adequate (I had the "Best of Wurst"). Only two of the three wursts were edible, I've had better, but the high score was not for the food. What impressed me most was the atmosphere. Great bar area, interesting and friendly patrons. Easy street parking.
The service here was ridiculous. I haven't experienced such an unprofessional staff. The music however was a definite plus and the beer was pretty good.
Great atmosphere, friendly service and an awesome menu. And Oh yeah... If you are looking for a great beer always try the IPA!
The past few times I was here the food was average. Everything just seems over fried and tasteless. I use to be a fan but not as much anymore.
Fantastic Place. Came here with the family for a get together. The drinks were great, service was spot on, and the food was good. What I absolutely loved was the little choo choo train that circled around the whole restaurant  and the little choo choo box the kids waffle fries came in. (I almost ordered one just to keep one of the boxes.) Will defiantly be coming back soon. I have even thought of host my up coming birthday here. :)
They had decent beer, great burgers and wings.  Price was more than reasonable and it was a cool historical building. However, they seriously need to do something about their staff and the vibe was kind of old school.  They need to step it up with some modern vibes and the staff needs to be more people friendly than just to their local folks.  Maybe there's a reason and they don't want any outsiders.
Pretty good beer selection, some of the better beer in NJ, though I'd still put NJ Beer Co. above them (and Flying Fish reigns supreme). A bit overpriced, not too bad for what you get. The food is about the same, overpriced but not bad. The brewery itself is cool, an old brick warehouse-type building that they converted. I brought a rather large party there, and they were accommodating, but had some trouble with it. They couldn't split food checks, only alcohol... wait, why aren't those on one check? There were separate food waitresses and drink waitresses, and I think that confused them as much as it confused us. They were nice and brought out pitchers of soda, though (which came with our group package). I give it about 3.5 stars, which is pretty much where everyone has ranked it so far. I just see an incredible amount of potential, though. Near the train station in a revitalizing neighborhood, minutes from the junction of every highway in North Jersey, clean and new place with good offerings. They haven't gotten the execution down yet, and though not rude, they were somewhat abrupt in dealing with the group reservations. I'd like to think it's just growing pains. A fourth star is very attainable here with some practice.
The food here isn't great. Served frozen, overcooked, chewy calamari. Most food under seasoned or under/overcooked, often frozen. Of course, despite this, the food is generally at least edible, and the service, though slow, is friendly. Despite the issues with the food and service, the beer is excellent, and makes this place worth the visit.
Terrible service warm beer and even warmer bar. Never again. Go somewhere else that when they do finally notice you they'll give you a cold beer to make up for sweating your ass off while u wait.
I came to JJ Bitting a few years back. At the time I wasn't a big beer connoisseur like I am now, but remember enjoying the food and the beer. After recently moving to the area, I anticipated coming back to re-enjoy what I hoped would be a fun experience. As far as ambiance goes, JJ Bitting is pretty cool! They seem to have the whole railroad theme down which fits them well since they are right next to the Woodbridge Train Station. The brewery sits right in the middle of the restaurant but you can also sit at the bar which is what we chose to do. We sampled many of their beers including their Winter Warmer, IPA, Oatmeal Stout, and Golden Ale. All beers were very good and definitely tasted great enough to bring me back. It also appears that they have pretty good happy hour specials and certain days of the week where you only pay $2.50/pint! I was a bit less thrilled with the food. Although the food wasn't bad, it definitely didn't impress me as much as the beer. I ordered a burger on a pretzel bun, but was disappointed as the "pretzel" was nothing more than a flat  hamburger bun and had no crunch or pretzel like characteristics other than a faint pretzel-like outline. On the other hand they do have a tater tot menu, something that I've never seen before. So kudos for creativity! Prices and service seemed to range from average to good. So JJ Bitting may be more of a appetizer/beer type of joint but I wouldn't come here expecting a stellar meal or phenomenal service. Stick to the beers and you will be happy you did!
Party of 7 were seated quickly, then waited 20 min for server to show up. Beer and food was great. Sat near the hostess station and listened to the poor girl make excuse after excuse to patrons waiting for tables while she also bussed tables; she really hustled. Overall experience was overshadowed by poor service...lack of enough staff to serve the customers. It's clear the owner-mgmt know nothing about how to staff a restaurant. Enjoy the food and drink but be prepared to wait.
3.5 stars.  Going into JJ Bitting, I was expecting your standard bar food, but little did I know there are some surprise hits on the menu.  The beers brewed in house were also very good.   For me, the best dish was the TATER TOTS.  These are not your school cafeteria tater tots. JJ Bitting has taken them to a whole new level.  There are a variety of "flavors" you can choose, from the classic, to pulled pork tater tots, to the French dip style which we selected.  These tater tots came with thin slices of steak and then covered with melted provolone served with a side of Au Ju sauce.  So tasty and such a comforting dish. The butterfly fries were also very addictive - thin, crispy, spirals of potato served with a side of melted cheddar cheese.   The wings were nothing special.  We ordered the spicy which was prepared with traditional buffalo sauce.  Just ok. As far as entrees, a few from my group ordered burgers.  These burgers are huge, 1/2 lb of meat.  One friend ordered it medium but it came well done.  My husband requested a side of bbq sauce twice and never received it.  Some minor flaws but attention to detail is important. I ordered the "Perfect Penne" prepared with crumbles of sweet sausage, tomatoes, spinach, cheese, tossed in a garlicky olive oil.  It was a decent simple pasta dish, but it's more of a dish you whip up at home on a weeknight. Another friend enjoyed the fish and chips.  The beer battered cod was fresh and nicely fried.   Good classic pub food. As far as the beer, this brewery does it well. Everyone in my group enjoyed their beer.  The favorite was Victoria's Golden Ale.  Just in case you were wondering, they do not offer tours of the facility. The restaurant has a cozy, casual feel and the exposed beer making machines adds a nice touch.   In summary, just order tater tots and beer.
Was recommended by a friend so I decided to give it a try for the ribs.  The place smells like deep fried food, which is most of the items.  The food was good, recommend the ribs and tots.  The reason I give two stars is due to the poor service.  Out waitress had a poor attitude which was disappointing.  I was in need of wet naps due to the ribs and our waitress was no where in sight so I said excuse me to another waitress to get her attention and she responded "What??".  Now I'm not sure if this is how they train their waitresses but I thought it was very rude.  She didn't even apologize, oh well, maybe she was having a bad day.  Anyhow, very likely not heading back there again.
The staff is not very friendly whatsoever. The bartenders weren't sociable or friendly or nice. Great disappointed. Really enjoyed he atmosphere and food at this place too.
Recently went for dinner.  We used to enjoy this place, but the food was just awful.  I ordered a chicken dish that sounded great.  It was horrific.  The chicken was like chewing a rubber tire an the rest of the dish was bland.  There's not much I won't eat, but I left most on my plate.   A friend had the Caesar salad and it was all watered down, along with a crab cake that was deep fried breading and no crab.  I live close by, but won't be going back.
It's a shame such a great brew pub concept is going to waste with an incompetent staff, horrible service, and lackluster food. Our waitress was rude and knew very little about the beer being served. The best she could do was draw comparisons to Yeungling and Budweiser, which isn't exactly the best thing any beer fan wants to hear at a microbrew.
Ordered a simple burger and tried two beers here.  The burger was nothing special and the bread seemed old, which is why I assumed they toasted it.  The amber and wheat beer I got there, both tasted metallic like the taps were not cleaned properly.  The raspberry wheat beer which my friend ordered was the best tasting beer out of the three, however, it wasn't anything special, and I would say worse than most micro-brews I have had. The food is expensive for the quality you get.  The butterfly fries were tasty, but seriously, it's not hard to make seasoned fries.  My friend ordered a chili dish.  He described it as lack-luster.  Basically, nothing special. The waiter we was nice and thoughtful.  I don't think he knew much about beer though, but that will probably change as he looked like a new employee. I would recommend Fast food over this place for the bang-for-buck on food.  As far as beer, I can only say it tasted like drinking metal.
Very disappointing. Pros: Wait staff was good and food came out in a timely manner. Cons: the beer was eh and it was served warm ish. We had the beer sampler and the only drinkable one in my opinion was the raspberry wheat. Coconut chicken finger appetizer was disappointing and not worth the $8. Boyfriend ordered chicken Tina turner and he seemed happy with it. I ordered a quesadilla and it was ok but I mean, how hard is it to make a quesadilla. The tables were also sticky. The hostess was playing feng shui with the tables and it was really annoying to listen to the tables drag. The music playing was really depressing. We heard good things and had an entertainment book coupon, but we won't be coming back.
JJ Bitting Brewing Co. is a place I have been going to for 10 years now, and it's never been disappointing. I will admit I am not a champion foodie who requires superb presentation, food cooked so that it looks like it should be on the cover of a magazine, and taste so sublime that royalty would wait in line. I try to judge places on what they are, not what I think they should be. This place is a nice place to eat and have a beer, or a few beers. They brew in house, which definitely adds to the decor, and have growlers you can use to take home their in-house brewed beer. Probably the most interesting thing about JJ Bitting is the ambiance and decor. It is built inside of an old railroad elevator, right next to the elevated tracks near the woodbridge train station.  So you've got several distinct areas: the floor level around the serving tanks, the floor level "sports bar" area, and THE TOWER, which also provides access to the outdoor area (weather permitting).  The tower is where the elevator used to be, and now it houses some of the brewing equipment, as well as seating areas arranged on the outside of the tower. It's really my favorite part of the restaurant. You get a very open feeling, with room to move around a bit. The food selection is for the most part, bar food, with some extras thrown in. The menu changes somewhat regularly over the course of the year. They have a little bit of everything, so just about anyone should be able to find something that they like. They have some Tex-Mex type stuff, some more southern type stuff, and so forth. It might not be as good as it would be when going to a restaurant that specializes in those cuisines, but usually that's a given. The beer is decent, and has a good variety. The beer is good "drinkable" beer that is accessible to most people. I know this may make some beer snobs turn up their nose, but guess what: they need to make beers that everyone wants to drink.  Making beers at a brewpub specifically for a bunch of extreme beer fans is not a sound business strategy. Service and wait staff is pretty much the usual as with most places. Sometimes it's better than others, and if it's really busy the wait time increases, which is a given.  I've never had a horrible service experience here though. So, on the whole, if you are in the area, I would give this place a try. NJ has a pretty good number of brewpubs, and this is one my favorites. Good food, good beer, and it won't break the bank.
Having worked in a brewery/brewpub in the past, I honestly really want to give JJ Bittings a higher rating. I think I'm even being generous with 3 stars. The good: - BUTTERFLY FRIES! Best thing ever. - The pale ale and the golden ale were good. I wasn't a huge fan of the raspberry wheat ale. It tasted a bit Robitussin-y. - Beer and food came out to about $50, and my boyfriend and I can DRINK and we can EAT. So that was pretty cheap. The bad: - Service. I feel like a whiny b*tch whenever I complain about service but this was a little ridiculous. JJ Bittings and W.H.A.L.E.S (Woodbridge Homebrewers Ale and Lager Enthusiast Society) work very closely together. When my boyfriend and I asked the waitress if they had any of the WHALES beer on tap (as advertised, we weren't just being snooty about it), she replied, "Whale beer? That sounds gross." Then we explained to her what WHALES is, even though she should have already known and she says "Oh. I've never heard of them. I thought it was illegal to brew anything at home." Fine. We'll have the IPA. Her response, "..... we have the Golden Ale, Raspberry Wheat..." My boyfriend: "No, the India Pale Ale please." Waitress: "Everything is brewed here we don't have anything from India but I can ask". Call me pretentious and snobby or whatever, but if you're working in a brewery, expect to be asked questions about beer because you SHOULD know. It's your JOB to know. This had poor training written all over it. Poor girl.
