BIG. FAN. Love their silk clothes, minimalist styling, bold colours and general coolness of the store. I saw a few pieces I liked, but at $180 - $200 for each dress, I was not willing to drop money on things that look like what I already own in my wardrobe (true story). IF I didn't have such an extensive dress collection however, sign me up. I could have easily spent $600 in here in 2 minutes. Love the items, all made in silk, some of it is a bit see-through and frankly, should be lined for the price, but... wow are they lovely. The jewellery is also to DIE FOR... my wallet died too when it saw the price, which is why I walked out with nothing but am still thinking of the rings I saw. A must-visit if you are looking for simple, minimalist, silk, bold dresses that are well made and cool. Or very awesome jewellery that is quirky but not Vera Meat-weird.
After a long day in the city entertaining an out of town guest, all I wanted to do was wolf down dinner at Frankies 17, but with a 30 minute wait whatever will we do! Thrust back out into Clinton St, scratching our heads like monkeys, we wandered though the closest unlocked door and into Szeki. Szeki sat in the back shoveling homemade noodles into her mouth - apologizing for doing so, but we assured her our rumbling tummies were jealous not appalled -  while we fingered though her small collection of little black dresses, cooing over each one like it was an affordable stylish baby. The floor stocks only one of each style, no sizes (my guess is they are around 4/6), which my friend is lucky enough to fit into. We loaded the dressing room with half the store and my friend paraded each sharply designed dress revealing even more seductive detailing then could be discerned through hanger appeal. Other women (also waiting for tables at Frankies) joined us in fawning over each other's selections, yeaing and neaing as each of us stepped out the dressing room like we were all the best of friends. The moment, the bond, the way we sincerely invested ourselves in insuring we each purchased (and we did each purchase) a dress that showed off her perfect ass or her awesome tits or adjusting the necklace chain so the brass K perched dangerously atop my décolletage... we were a magnificent team of fashion whores... but as the host across the way began to call us to our tables, we exited one by one never to speak to each other again. ---- Espresso cups empty, money laid down, my friend and I stood up to continue on our evening romp. Looking across the dining room we are graced by the sight of 2 Szeki dresses worn out of the store, 1 Szeki purse on my friend's shoulder, who knows how many Szeki necklaces draping our necks, and an acknowledging nod that we are all more fabulous ladies because of Szeki.
A minimalistic store that holds an abundance of sweet, lovingly-made dresses, supple leather handbags, and a variety of handmade jewelry made by Szeki herself. I slowly looked through each unique garment on the racks and realized that there's only one special piece each! There are no extra sizes if you don't fit into the only one she's got, which makes it extra special, but also equally frustrating if you don't happen to be a size 0. But all is forgiven because Szeki is an absolute doll, she sits quietly at her counter (she's actually designing her own line the moment I was in the store) and gives you subtle suggestions while you're browsing the racks. Absolute no pressure at all, not like some Madison avenue snobs that watch you like a hawk, secretly judging you for not carrying the latest haute-couture-derek-lam handbag. Anyway, I rarely buy anything from boutiques because they're usually pricey but it was very surprisingly reasonable. The dresses go from $120-$200 and the shirts run from $48-120 and I saw really silky, soft tanks for $15. Jewelry is about $48-68... I think it's really worth it to support the local stores! Plus, all the garments are local designers, with some of the pieces made by Szeki's mom! Her mom also makes the handbags.. in total love!
I wish there was an "Obsessed" button. Or even a "Love" button. Really though, there should be an "Addict" button. I just moved to the LES 10 days ago and I've already visited Szeki 3 times. Can I spell that out for you, please? THREE TIMES. Today I saw a girl walk by holding a Szeki shopping bag and I was thisclose to asking her what she picked up. Was it that polka dot blouse I said I'd think about? Or maybe the rose silk and lace dress I tried on just yesterday. It was tempting, friends, but I resisted. These last few visits were no different from any other visit; except now that I live right around the corner, I need to remind myself, all in moderation Sara. The thought only lasts as long as I believe in my dress-up game. Once that moment of wanting, needing, must have-ing arises, it's seriously all over. In through one ear, out the other. I do, however, have a solution. The money saved from no longer needing a monthly metro pass may now be put towards my Szeki account.   "Addict" button, click here.
I wish I had never seen this store. My bank account wishes I had never seen this store. I can already tell many of my paychecks will go towards supporting this store. This charming little boutique is so well curated, and the owner Szeki is an absolute doll. It reminds me a little bit of Oak with a more feminine touch, less of the edge but still plenty of it. The jewelry is to die for, and Szeki actually makes it herself. Keep your eye out for the faceted teardrop Swarovski crystal and the brass faceted teardrop on the 14k gold-filled chain. $68. No more spending for me this month... but I will be back for it. I made out with a gorgeous black patchwork leather foldover bag and two belts... The belts were just $25 each! The prices are very reasonable for an LES boutique, possibly because many of the designs are sourced from Hong Kong, where Szeki is from. She has a wonderful eye for selecting unique, beautifully crafted pieces, and it's unlikely that anyone else will be wearing it in NYC bc she only carries one of each piece! If it's important for you to feel original, this boutique is a must-visit.
Perhaps this sounds insane, but stores like this are why I moved to New York and what keeps me living here. It's such a rare, reaffirming treat to stumble on a store like this, which represents the creative, cool New York you want to live in, when you're used to seeing overpriced and chain outlets. Szeki Chan welcomed me in and was so warm. Her clothes are so gorgeous, original and reasonably priced. So happy I stumbled upon this store and to see so many other enamored reviewers on Yelp! No longer will I fear attending an event in a cookie cutter dress everyone else is wearing. This store feels like it has something gorgeous, interesting and "my style" for everyone. I'll DEFINITELY be back next time I have some place to go.
"Yeah, go ahead, play around with them!" These were instructions of Szeki Chan, the owner of this small, but  absolutely perfect boutique on Rivington. Rarely do I venture to the Lower East Side. However, while researching NYC jewelers, I came across a photo of a citrine dome gold ring by Szeki. I was mesmerized, and since I was meeting a friend nearby, I decided to visit the shop the same day. What I noticed about the jewelry is that what makes each piece so  beautiful is the fact that Szeki knows how to *set* a stone. She knows how to gracefully show off the cut and color of each stone. Much like another favorite line of mine, Conroy & Wilcox, Szeki's pieces are unique while simple and elegant at the same time. Overall, this shop speaks to my sensibilities. The handbags, designed by her mother (!), are classic designs in soft earthy leathers. I was smitten with the well-edited collection of ethereal tops and dresses. The textiles are light, delicate, smooth. There are no sizes. Most things looked to fit between a size 2-6. Also, there are no multiples of anything. So, if you love something, snatch it up. Makes it quite special. I was also struck by the sparse decor of the shop. White walls with high ceilings, accented by one dark brown wall. Low wooden displays showcasing smaller goods. Round, stone-like candles on the floor. And then, hung high above the jewelry case, are old metal tools. When I inquired about them, Szeki shared a really poignant story about her late stepfather, who loved her work and encouraged her to open up shop. Most importantly, Szeki herself is truly a sweetheart. She was genuinely excited and appreciative of the fact that I came to the shop after checking out her website (beautiful photos of her work there, by the way!). She had no problems talking to my jewelry-expert friend about her process. She treated us like friends, allowing us to *play*, having faith we wouldn't break or steal anything, while she talked to a friend of hers. A really personable and gracious owner can transform the entire mood of a shop. After meeting her and laughing and trying  on every single ring and necklace, I knew I had a new favorite shop. Ihalf-joked that I'd be returning in May for my birthday present and that I know where I'd like to get an engagement ring from. Whatever the reason, it's a wonderful spot to check out if you're in the area. Or even if you're not.
I love Szeki - the store and the eponymous owner! A few months back, I had a function to attend and needed a dress. Szeki was helpful, sweet, and steered me towards an adorable dress, which was a hit at my event and garnered me compliment after compliment. And when I went back recently, she asked me how the event turned out. I can barely remember what I did last week, let alone what some perfect stranger's plans were, so needless to say I was impressed. In addition to the clothing, she sells jewelry of her own make, all of which is as darling as the clothes. Prices are very reasonable considering the caliber of construction and design. I hope this store sticks around. It deserves to.
I had such a great time shopping @ Szeki with my sis. It's not only cause Szeki has an awesome haircut or how cute and dainty she was....she was so helpful with everything. I just love this little boutique that sells one of a kind jewelry, which Szeki designed herself, clothing designed by Szeki's mother, which is the cutest and most innovative designer that I had to buy one of her most unusualy hoodies. Other piecse of clothing are designed by other friends as well. The store is uniquely designed, very rustic and homey. It may be due to the fact that both our mothers are fashion designers, but I connected with the store and the clothes instantly! They are having a sale now, I don't know how long it'll last. But check it out,  it will surprise you.
She ony has one of each item in the store so if you see something you like you better buy it quick or it'll be gone the next week. I've been to Szeki many times, the first time was 2 years ago when I was looking for something to wear to a holiday party.  I saw a gorgous unique bubble dress that fit like it was made for me but being the woman that I am, was indecisive and thught I might be able to find something else for less, and left the store only to realize that I should've bought that dress from Szeki.  Fate was not on my side because when I called Szeki a few days later to see if my dress was still there, it was not!! Anyway, I went back a few months ago and found another dress that fit like it was made for me and I bought it IMMEDIATELY since I am one to already learn from my mistakes. I have a few weddings to go this this summer so I went to browse the selection yesterday and didn't find what I was looking for this time but Szeki gets new stuff all the time so you never know. I'm going to keep browsing until I find the one, I don't think it'll take long before another item at Szeki fits like a charm.  Now I wish find good men was that easy....
I accidentally wandered into this store yesterday and bought a purse. My new favorite purse. It may become my most favorite purse ever, in fact. Szeki is amazing. Definitely one of the nicest people I've connected with in a store in a long time.  I spent about 45 minutes just talking to her before I bought the purse. I had never visited her old store, but I loved the lay out and the overall environment of the new shop.  I didn't really look at the clothes, but her jewelry and her purses are amazing. I will definitely be going back! And I hope to stay in touch with Szeki. She's awesome.
szeki (or for roundeye you can call her CK) is f*cking incredible!!!!  she has the cutest little shop that offers her custom, handmade jewelry along with some very unique, stylish woman's apparel at a reasonable pricepoint. so we walk in after brunch cause lori promises to come back after we eat and she picks up where she left off, with szeki asking how we liked the banana pancakes all smiles...okay so we are in NY, i just met this chick and 10 minutes later after very natural conversation and chuckles on our halloween antics, i swear like i have known this girl forever!! found out that she just opened this boutique like three months ago after she has been spending years just selling em gypsy-style in the hood. after the eventual bday girl found something she liked i made a bit of a scene on how she needs to chill on the credit card, winking at szeki and she totally played along not knowing that i would be emailing her back moments later so we can have a special present from NY!! 2 days later received the bday gift in the mail just in time for her party!  YAY!!!  thanks CK-chan, you have been YELPED!!!
Such cute stuff here! The owner Szeki is so nice and she answers your emails if you have an inquiry. My favorite is her jewelery collection. It's really delicate and pretty. Somewhat reasonably priced but I would rather spend my money in here than Dolce Vita where the salespeople are SO rude !
Szeki, the owner, and the name of the store is a wonderful place to shop. In the LES, I thought it was another place where I had to pay to touch the display items. Not so. Prices are amazingly reasonable. Their pieces are edgy and unique. The jewelry, made by Szeki was beautiful and elegantly playful. Support local.
I first discovered her when she was standing outside on clinton street selling her jewelry on a table. Jewelry is BEAUTIFUL prices are fair and owner is sweet as pie. Def feel good supporting this small business owner.
I LOVE Szeki (both the owner & store).  She is so animated, thoughtful and talented.  Her staff is helpful, and encouraging.  The clothing is very reasonably priced for a NY boutique.  Her silk  pieces and designs are to die for.  Very flattering to women of MANY shapes and sizes.  I am a typical gal who normally buys only black but recently bought this gorgeous navy sundress with bright orange piping.  I could not stop getting compliments.  The store is also curated with great accessories (jewelry/shoes/bags).  I thank dailycandy.com for introducing me to one of my new FAV stores.  Can't wait for my next splurge.  =D
We passed by this store since we were waiting for the next door resto to open up for dinner. Glad we did because despite the boutique having just a small variety to choose from, the clothes are nice. I didn't buy anything, because you could call me somewhat of a deep-discount bargain hunter, but nonetheless, her clothes are nice. She does not make the clothes, she said they're samples. The jewelry she makes, and they're exquisite. Price ranges from $60 for tops and $120-$180 for dresses.
Szeki carries stylish and quality one-off clothing pieces at surprisingly reasonable prices. I love her hand-crafted jewellery - it's subtle with a sense of edginess. The new store feels light and airy. And Szeki's genuinely warm personality makes the shopping experience even more delightful. Definitely a gem in the Lower East Side.
