Now done with my fourth kickboxing class and Sonia always finds a way of making it unique each time. What makes this place stand out from the rest is the personal attention you get.  I am not the most coordinated person in the world or athletic but Sonia always makes you feel like you can do any exercise. Also,how many gyms know a groupon buyer by their name? I doubt any at all and never once was i asked to join the gym but again treated like one of the members already. This goes to show you why they have so many loyal members which will include myself. Attention Tip: Show up 15 minutes before the class as they cap it at 12.
Brought a groupon for 10 classes, unfortunately the 15 class were sold out. I am 2 class in and am absolutely in love with the instructors here. I was so sore the next day after bootcamp, and I literally had to roll out of bed. It hurts to type right now but I feel great! all the instructors were super motivated and are very cautious of your posture to make sure there will not be any injuries. Highly recommended!
So I started here in April 2014 after purchasing a groupon deal and I am now on my second package of 40 classes! Nobody there has ever tried to sell me anything and the owners regularly host small get togethers or events like water ballon fights just for fun.   A little background people...I have spent the past 20 years out of shape and have NEVER committed to any type of workout routine.  Until Urban Jungle.  I'm not sure if it's their fantastic instructors, low key atmosphere, friendly members or what - but it works!  I'm a happy camper!
I first came to Urban Jungle last summer with a friend on a groupon deal we both got. I can honestly say that from my first class I knew I loved the place and would be back. The trainers are all great! They push you to your limit on every workout and are encouraging every step of the way. Class sizes are perfect. You are in a group environment yet still receive feedback and attention from the trainers to make sure you are doing the exercises with correct form. I will definitely be back!
Over a year later, and I'm still a HUGE fan of Urban Jungle. The studio has grown a lot in the last year and I love all of the positive changes. The instructors, Sonia, Tim, Mike and Josh all bring their own enthusiastic approaches to each of their Kickboxing, Boot Camp and Yoga classes. As before, you always get a different workout each time. If you stick to a good diet and come to classes, you can do anything you want. I've lost weight and gained endurance, strength and stamina. Josh recently added Crossfit to the lineup and in true Urban Jungle fashion, the classes are small, catered to students and the instructor is well informed. There is no sense of diehard competitiveness you find at other boxes - and I think that's what works for all the students at Crossfit Street Team. If you're seeking out the super competitive, hardcore, Uncle Rhabdo inducing workouts, this is not the place for you. *You can also stay involved after you leave because of the additional online apps. I especially love how quickly and kindly Josh replies to my annoying e-mails. He always keeps us up-to-date after classes and keeps me motivated and coming back for more. Urban Jungle is a true gem in the concrete jungle. If you're not working out with us, you're probably wasting your time.
I'm addicted!! -awesome trainers (motivational & supportive) -diverse workouts (hurts so good!!) -modern equiptment and facility (insane toys!!) -great bunch of people (my workout family!!) -UJ Junkie =)
I started going to Urban Jungle this past fall when I bought a Groupon for 5 classes. BEST GROUPON PURCHASE EVER. After the first class I realized there was no way I was stopping at 5. Why? Here's why: 1. Trainers are Awesome. - I started with kickboxing led by trainer Sonia. She's super cool. She plays all the best music to get people pumped and keep them pumped through a full hour of working out.  I've been so lucky to be in class one on one with Sonia and also Josh a few times. What's great about that is that I got their full undivided attention but it also made me realize that even if I was in a full class, I would still be getting the same kind of personal attention. That's how awesome these guys are. They pay attention and are involved throughout the whole class. They push you to "get out of that comfort zone" and to really reach new limits. 2. It's Surprisingly Fun - I've actually gone home after class and right away started showing everyone all the cool new exercises I learned that day. That's how exciting working out at Urban Jungle is. 3. Cool people and Chill Vibe - There's a range of people that go to class here. Young, old and at all kinds of fitness levels. Everyone is pretty cool. The vibe here is not competitive at all either. Everyone just goes at their own pace. People tend to go to the same classes every week so you get to know the people you work out with a little bit. 4. Variety of Classes - Kickboxing, Bootcamp, Crossfit, Yoga, Atienza Kali 4. It's in My Neighborhood! - So grateful that Josh and the team at Urban Jungle chose this little slice of Woodside to call home. The one thing that really stands out about Urban Jungle is how much Josh and all the trainers really care. When I found out they were looking for another space I was worried that they would move out of the neighborhood. I got to talk to Josh about the planned move and he assured me that Urban Jungle was sticking around the same area of Woodside. His reason was that many of the people that go to the gym live in the neighborhood and walk to class from home. They didn't want to leave their client base in the dust. These guys are really committed to the people that they serve and that's really admirable. Well, now Urban Jungle is bigger and better than ever. They did expand, but just right across the hall from the original location. Yay! They cater even more to their client's needs with more bathrooms, new showers, a client lounge, a soon to be juice bar and a separate area where clients can drop off their kids while they work out. With all the cool new stuff and everything mentioned before by me and everyone else on this yelp page - What's not to love?
Location - although the current location (as of 11/14/13) is not right next to a subway stop, it has plenty of parking spaces to choose from if you can drive there. Gym - great gym with new equipment, a good sized space, they play good workout music during the classes -- very satisfied with the gym. Trainers - Sonia, Tim, Josh (owner) -- all extremely friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. I think when you go to an organized class, the trainers can either make or break the experience and your desire to return. I thoroughly enjoy each class because of the trainers and how much good energy they carry. Classes - I can't even imagine being in the kind of shape where these classes are not difficult. It's tough, plain and simple, but that's what you wanted if you signed up for a boot camp. I have been to ~10 classes, and not a single one was the same. The diversity of each class makes each visit interesting, and something that I personally look forward to (even though it is very difficult). The other members are also very nice, and that makes the experience more comfortable. I love this gym, and believe the overall experience (everything mentioned above) makes it worth every penny.
I went to my very first kickboxing fusion class at urban jungle! It was awesome!! I couldn't feel my body when I left but I felt great! The classes were small and individualized it made the workout so much better! Sonia was amazing she was patient and really pushed you during the workout! I am Definitely going back! Urban jungle provided a workout that challenged my body in a way that going to help me look better and work harder  ! If you haven't signed up you have too!!! It's so worth it
Coming here with my Wife 2 times a week for the Fusion Kickboxing got us hooked.  Completely changed our life together as we are more active, healthier and stronger. Thank you Josh, Tim and Sonia for always pushing us and showing us how good and fun a good hour of work out can be...   Brian & Kendy
I bought a 10 class fitness card and really wish I had got the 15 class card but unfortunately it was sold out. I figured it would be good to start with a vinyasa yoga class so I could get a feel for the place. I walked in the class and it was only 4 students so it was nice to have personal attention. I'm used to hot yoga in which the instructor mainly stays at the front of the room and doesn't really help students get into the positions correctly. The instructor, Mike was wonderful and patient. This being my first vinyasa class, I was not accustomed to all the poses and such and he really helped me to push into the stretches further and get into the poses with the correct form. The next couple days I was sore because I was using my body and muscles in a way I was not used to, but it felt really good. Ill add more as I try the different classes!
Been coming for over a year and this is one of the best places to work out. Totally non-intimidating and super supportive trainers. Would recommend to anyone.
My review is long overdue, but I wanted to take the time to rave on how awesome it is to be working out with Josh, Sonia and Tim. I absolutely abhor any physical activities that will require me to put effort and will power. Let's just say, if complaining was a way to lose weight, I'd be skinny. But ever since working out at Urban Jungle, the impossible happened...it made me like exercising. The trainers have a special way of encouraging and pushing you to continuously challenge yourself. The classes are small so you get the attention you need, if you're doing things wrong  or you need help in fixing your form. I've been working out with Josh since March of this year, and I can honestly say that I feel stronger and more determined to keep myself active. Although, I did cheat once (it felt horrible!!!) because a boxing gym opened near my apartment and they were offering a free class. There is no comparison with the quality of workout I receive in Urban Jungle and with that, I will remain faithful.
This was my first bootcamp experience and I didn't know what to expect. Well...I thought I knew what to expect which was to cry, maybe throw up a little, and get yelled at by some thick necked ex-marine. Instead I ended up having more fun than I do at my normal gym and I woke up each morning of class excited to go. I did the 3 week Burn Express which was offered as a groupon for a pretty great deal. It was run by the owner and instructor Josh and he made the experience really unique. He is amiable and has a personality that makes him easy to have a conversation with everyone in the class. He remembered my name immediately from the first day along with the other first timers there and that made each workout feel like personal training. Now do NOT get me wrong..he is insane. The workouts that we do were the "easy" version and the people who had already completed other "challenges" were doing some shit I can only hope to do some day. Every single workout in the 9 session session was completely different so you're body doesn't know what to expect. It's always a full body workout with upper body and lower body alternating throughout the 1 hour session. The music also varies throughout each session which I appreciated. It ranged from a kind of dance music to reggaeton to reggae to hip hop and it wasn't loud but it was motivating. Just from the 3 weeks I can see a difference in how much stronger my upper body is and my general ability to make it through a grueling class. (I actually did a Crunch class on a non Urban Jungle day and I was a little disappointed that he didn't push me hard enough). There is parking in the area so I wouldn't let your location deter you from checking this place out. The class sizes stay smaller so you get more individual attention and his motivation tactics are so nice and genuine that I never once thought "I hate this guy..I hate this class". Regardless of your fitness level, he will find modification for every exercise so you'll never feel like you should be doing something that could cause you injury. I would highly recommend doing one of the burn challenges if you want to get motivated to improve your fitness or get back on track.
Wow, I've just completed my first "Burn Challenge" and I am so happy with my results, I've never managed to get in to such good shape in such little time before. I really enjoyed the guys approach to fitness and how they set up their workouts, each day it seemed they got harder and harder.Even though I struggled through most of the workouts I felt great after each one and had a real sense of accomplishment. The instructor there was really friendly and encouraging and because they keep the numbers small we all got lots of time with him helping us and motivating us. I can't recommend these guys enough, much more enjoyable then going to my gym and I got better results than I ever had on my own before. If your serious about getting in shape then check them out.
I got a Groupon for the 6 week bootcamp challenge and am now halfway through it--and will be signing on for more. Josh is GREAT and this class really keeps me motivated. We meet 3 times a week, yet there is very little repetition--no chance for boredom (weekly classes at the gym, on the other hand, get boring really fast...). He really mixes it up each session, so we never know what we're going to get. My butt gets kicked hard, but I actually have fun every time and look forward to class. I can tell I'm getting stronger, but the exercises remain challenging, which is perfect. The class size is small and Josh is a great motivator--not bark-y or mean like some bootcamp instructors--and he really pays attention to everyone. I highly recommend checking out Urban Jungle. The classes are a really good deal, and there are other class types if you don't think bootcamp is your thing. Parking is easy, as someone else mentioned, and there are lots of options for class times.
I currently ended the 3 weeks of Boot Camp at Urban Jungle & I just wanted to throw a positive review their way & thank Joshua for everything!. I did 3 weeks from May 28 through April 15 of 11.  . Where to start? First of all, I can't say enough good things about the instructors at Joshua Votaw at Urban Jungle the Chief Instructor. He goes above and beyond to make you feel comfortable and to help you with anything you need from nutritional tips, encouragement and "off day" workout recommendations. The people that attend the sessions are typically a diverse group in age, race, size, shape and athletic ability which lend itself to a unique atmosphere each day. Whether your goal is to lose weight, build stamina, get in better shape, break old habits or just eat better & get on a more strict schedule, you will have the opportunity to do so. I have managed to loose 10 pounds over the course of the 3 weeks. It's a perfect program for those that work the old 9-5 because you can get up early or go after work. Get in a challenging workout & eat a decent breakfast all before 7:30 AM or after work like I did at 7:30pm and have the best sleep ever . The sessions lasted for 3 weeks - 9 total days at their location in Woodside with self-monitored workouts on your off days. I would say that after 2 weeks of the program you will start to notice real changes if you follow the program & diet of course I had lost 8 pounds after my 2nd week! After 3 weeks you will be smiling after your fitness test my results were outstanding. I basically was able to double my results in JUST 3 WEEKS! You will want to come back for more and trust me I will be returning in a few weeks!...... I will tell you that if you stick to the plan you will achieve your goals - So what are you waiting for call up and get started Today!
Where do I even begin.... I'm currently no longer live in nyc but going to this gym was the best decision of my life. Joshua who I adore very much has helped & train me to be a more active person. Urban jungle made me love gym...that's how much I enjoyed his classes. I lost 15 pounds & tone up my body the way I wanted to. It's a experience you won't regret. I anticipate my return to the big apple & keep going to his classes, with all the new excitements happening in this gym I HOPE the energy stay the same!
My fiance and I bought a Groupon for 10 classes to try it for our upcoming wedding.  We LOVED it!  We are both active people playing softball, basketball, running and thought their Boot Camp classes would be something different.  And it was!  We had the best workouts and worked muscles like we never have before!  We saw results within the first few sessions! We took the early (6am) class and had a nice small group which allowed for personal attention where necessary.  We started our first few sessions with Josh and he was awesome!  He was very aware of safety measures while going through motions and always able to modify exercises for anyone.  Halfway through we then worked with Mo, a new trainer, and he is phenomenal!  He brought his own style to training and still kept within the intensity we had come to know with Josh - a great blend in!  Each session was different and every time we felt we got a great workout! We are looking forward to returning in a few months and sticking with it  - we have never felt better or stronger!
I have described my husband as a 'gym snob' in the past. He did trials at few of the local gyms before being introduced to Urban Jungle. I still remember his first workout session. It was like a little boy who just got their first remote control car. He was that excited and he had so much energy. Their classes are centrally located in Woodside Queens and their class schedules are perfect for him. As with any workout, it's all about what you put in, but the friendly, professional team at Urban Jungle really provides its members with the platform to succeed. My husband believes in these classes and it changed his life and his health. Thank you Josh & the team at Urban Jungle!!!!
Great
I have always had the most positive and pleasant experience with the instructors and members at this place. It's like a like a small community of fitness enthusiasts. Class schedules are convenient and you get the experience of personal training based on the fact that classes are capped at 10 or 12 members at a time. The online experience of scheduling and canceling classes is smooth and easy. Rates compared to other similar training facilities are priced in a great range because they allow you to mix classes (Crossfit, Bootcamp, Kickboxing Fusion, Yoga). The results I have gotten from these classes are nothing less than miraculous. My body, mind and energy have been totally transformed over time and my wife and I are quite happy with the results. Thanks to all the trainers for your great energy and I am looking forward to continued workouts in the coming months.
I've been attending the evening Cardio Kickboxing sessions lead by Paul for the last 5 weeks. I absolutely LOVE these classes. Every session has been a challenge and Paul keeps the whole class motivated and gives individual tips to each participant. I am coming to the end of my Groupon and will certainly be purchasing additional packages. I also plan to join one of their Challenge classes! Urban Jungle, Paul, and Josh are awesome! I couldn't have asked for more!
Love Urban Jungle! I used to go to the gym without great results and over time I just lost motivation and was not doing the right exercises to get a good workout. I did a lot of research because I was looking for an intense result driven workout and Urban Jungle seemed to be a match. And yes it was/is. I can feel and see the results. Josh is a great trainer with tons of patience and knowledge. Every workout is a little different and I always feel like he is challenging my body. The hours are great and the small class sizes make it almost seem like one on one training. I highly recommend Urban Jungle.
I had a lot of fun during a 3 week boot camp I purchased on Groupon! Look forward to signing on to more classes. You can really see and feel the difference. Amazing instructor!! Urban Jungle is a hidden treasure!
This program is amazing.  After 6 weeks, I have already seen great results in every aspect of my fitness.  Josh is a fantastic trainer--encouraging, motivating and knowledgable.   The workouts change every day so you never get bored or plateau.  Not only have I had great gains within the Challenge, but my own workouts at my gym have improved as I now know new, better, more efficient ways to exercise.  Josh also gives great advice on nutrition and general training. If you really want to push yourself to the next level (wherever you are now) this is a must-do.  Worth every penny.  Do it!
I have been taking boot camp classes since June and I love these classes! The instructors, Josh and Roy motivate and push me which is exactly what I need. If you're looking for a challenge and classes that offer different types of exercises so you don't get bored then I highly recommend Urban Jungle!
Hey all, my name is Tim, I am an instructor here at Urban Jungle. Chances are if you're reading this, you are looking for a new & fun way of getting in shape, back in shape, or reaching your full fitness potential. Come meet me & the other U.J. instructors. I instruct our Monday & Wednesday Boot Camp classes at 7:30 & 8:30, & also Friday Boot Camp at 5:30, 6:30 & 7:30, in addition to Fusion Kickboxing Tuesdays & Thursdays. I'm looking forward to meeting you & assisting you in challenging your limits with the Urban Jungle Crew!  So, if you're looking for a fun, inspiring and functional alternative to the traditional gym laden with its complex & intimidating machinery, you've found it! Our Boot Camp & Fusion classes are designed to push your limits mentally, physically & spiritually, & to get you results through functional fitness routines.  The classes are designed & tailored for all fitness levels and we welcome all walks of life from the novice to fitness enthusiasts. We will help you reach your fitness goals whether it be losing weight, gaining strength or getting ready for that charity race, challenging obstacle course, bucket list outdoor adventure, or whatever your goals may be. We will help you reach your maximum physical potential as a fully functional & fit individual.  So, if you're up for the challenge & ready to experience the benefits of Functional Fitness, hurry down to Urban Jungle & let's get it in!  Remember, there's no time to waste...I look forward to meeting you!
This place is great!! I first started with kickboxing classes and once I tried a boot camp class I was hooked!! I have been coming here for a little over 2 months now. It is a love hate relationship for sure. You walk into the gym and see the class before you finishing up and they sweating and out of breath and you know it will be a tough one but it will be worth it. The instructor Josh is awesome! He engages everyone, knows your name and modifies every exercise based on your fitness level and any injuries you may have. Josh is funny and walks around constantly giving everyone attention, correcting form, asking if anything hurts if you are injured, and even pushes you do an extra rep or to try a more challenging modification if he knows you can handle it. I hate instructors that are nasty and condescending and he is neither. The facility itself is spacious and clean and there are maximum ten people per class. The atmosphere is energetic and friendly. You start to get to know everyone and will even let out a chuckle with your neighbor when you start trembling during a plank or pushup. I saw results by week 2 I am usually doing some sort of workout challenge but I noticed the change in my endurance, stamina and muscle mass (legs are looking great!) I have lost a couple of inches here and there which is amazing! I bought another set of 20 classes because I love the workout! I recommend you reach out to Josh if you are interested he willing to work something out with you. I highly recommend urban jungle at any fitness level. This place definitely does not discriminate based on fitness level or age. I learned that the first week when an older woman was doing dips on the bars that put the men to shame. I asked her after class how she got so fit she said Josh. I was sold! Moral of the story, this place is a rare find and if you are willing to put in the work you will see results!
