The first time the co-workers and I strolled through this bucolic slice of new life in Hunters Point South, it felt like we were literally inside an architect's rendering. I was thoroughly convinced that if I'd attempted to punch one of the adorable little snots running around in the face, my fist would've slid right through the crumbsnatcher's holographic little visage; the very fabric of our reality might then have shifted, emitted a series of glitchy bloop sounds and torn itself open to reveal some Stargate-esque portal to another green world. Needless to say, this was the last time I ever did shrooms on my lunch break. The park is great. The view is great. The East River Ferry is right there. I wish all of the shaded area weren't reserved for LIC Landing customers, but whatever. I don't understand the weird sandy patch, but clearly some do so whatever. This place was a great move for an emerging neighborhood, and whatever: I'll try not to punt your youngster in my disbelief.
Sure, it lacks the history (and the sheer acreage) of Central Park, but Hunters Point South is a gem in its own right. Bring a book, bring a dog -- bring a kid, if you must -- and you might spend half a day here enjoying all that HPS has to offer: 1. The view. There's no better place in all of NYC to view the Manhattan skyline from ground level. You're basically parallel with 38th Street, so you can take in the full sweep from South Ferry to Central Park South. Come at sundown, grab a seat along the river, and get ready for an inspiring show. 2. The dog runs. Overprotective soccer moms have ruined Gantry State Park just to the north, but HPS is dog friendly, and the two dog runs get a lot of use. There's also plenty of shade inside the run, which is pretty scarce in a park where newly planted trees don't offer much of a canopy (yet). 3. The playgrounds. NYC should win a prize for its creative playground equipment, and HPS is no exception. The playground here is big and whimsical and inviting enough that I often see grown-ups hogging the slides. 4. The ball field. It's a big circle covered in Astroturf, and it attracts every kind of "sport," from cricket to kite-flying. Weekends can get very crowded. There's a grassy hill on the south side, planted with a few small trees -- if you're lucky, you can grab a spot in the shade to read your book and watch a game of soccer. 5. The sport court. It's got your standard basketball hoops, plus a decent selection of outdoor workout equipment where young guys like to impress their ladies (and check out each other's pecs). Think Venice Beach with a NY accent. 6. The beach. You can't dip your toes in the water, but right by the ferry stop is a big, triangular sandbox that's great for beach volleyball and building castles. They somehow manage to keep the sand really clean, which is a miracle in itself. 7. The food & drink. LIC Landing is a great restaurant/coffee shop right by the ferry dock. Burgers and beer start around $7, and service is friendly if not quick. You order at the walk-up window, then take your food to the expansive seating area under a big canopy right that water's edge. On weekends, there are usually competing food/ice cream trucks at the eastern border of the park. 8. The restrooms. Okay, toilets aren't an "attraction," per se, but the restrooms here merit a mention just because they're clean and functional and you won't find homeless people in their underwear taking a bath in the sink. 9. The ferry. If you arrive via the 7 train, you can depart on the ferry (or vice-versa), with stops in Midtown, Williamsburg, Dumbo, the Seaport, and Governor's Island. HPS isn't huge, but it packs in a lot of features and so far, at least, it rarely seems overcrowded. Definitely one of the Top 5 parks in the entire city.
Beautiful waterfront park at the edge of Western Queens overlooking Midtown East Manhattan's skyline.  Easily identifiable Midtown East Manhattan landmarks and renowned buildings are:  Empire State Building, United Nations, Chrysler Building, and Citigroup.  Green, green scenery as the center is a huge artificial circular turf area and other areas are real grass.  Artificial grass is not only used for baseball or football stadiums but also parks for its low maintenance.  Think green.  No insects, no lawn mowing, no brown discoloring, no water required, and no weeds.  Low maintenence for artificial grass.  Clean park.  Plenty of seating to intake a moment of life's reflection in stillness.  The moment of calm. Hunters Point South Park connects adjacent to Gantry Plaza State Park where the relic Gantry cranes are painted orange written "Long Island."  It exemplifies of what community is and a local community united together working for a better environment and better world.  There is also waterside promenade that is beautiful.  Great for children as there is also a small children's playground.  A dog park also exist for dog lovers' precious dogs to freely roam.  Adjacent to Hunters Point South is a outdoor cafe, Coffeed LIC Landing. Note:  Must bring a camera, sunscreen, sun glasses, sneakers and must leave your life's troubles and worries behind. Hunters Point South Waterfront Park is very accessible in the proximity of East River Ferry.  This park is a a bit of walk from 7 train Vernon Boulvard/Jackson Avenue, but on weekends the 7 train does not always operate.
This is a huge, nice waterfront park with an amazing view of Manhattan. They have so many different sections and attractions when you come here. So far I have seen that the park has sandy area, basketball court, huge turf area, kids playgrounds, gated dog run areas, and more! There's even a drink spot here that serves alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Another plus that it's in the proximity of the East River Ferry. The park is in a great community and is clean, great for dogs, and it has a fair amount of traffic. You can probably find a buddy for your dog or kids in less than a second when you come here. Lots of people walking their pets around this park and very friendly people. Hunters Point South Park is also extremely close to Gantry Plaza State Park. Some people consider the two the same. They are right next to each other.
I thought this park and Gantry State Park were both one in the same simply because they both share the same piece of land are are connected and when this park was being constructed I thought it was an expansion of Gantry State Park. Technically, I was wrong because there is a tiny little sign that says "Hunters Point South Waterfront Park". Either way, this park and Gantry are interchangeable to me and that--IS A GREAT THING. So I don't care what you call it, they're both on the same avenue and land, with the same amazing views, in the same amazing neighborhood of L.I.C. Anyway, the superlatives I mentioned in my Gantry review I share with this park. It has the best view in NYC, it never gets overly crowded, its very clean and well kept and there's a plethora of things you can do. If I were to get into technicalities of what this park offers other than Gantry are: -It has a sandy turf area. Great for the summer if you want to lay down and look at the Manhattan sky line. -There's a bigger, more fun playground for the kiddies (and at night for the teenagers apparently) -A basketball court -A small outside gym (that is share with the basketball court) -PLENTY of benches and lots of open space just to sit, lay down and lounge -A pretty big astroturf to for sports and any other physical activity -The East River ferry dock, where you can catch a boat ride -There's a much better bathroom! The Gantry side has a weird trailer bathroom, which I hate but since its Gantry, I forgive! Hunters has a bathroom that feels really clean, shit (no pun intended) I'd sleep on the floor. -Nice little wooden seating area (you'll know what I'm talking about when you go) It might be flat, small and it might not have the dynamism that Central Park has to offer but its okay. This park never gets overly crowded and its an oasis right across from Manhattan and one stop off the 7 train from Grand Central with a good number of eateries around. You catch me here working out or doing yoga, feeling inspired by the Manhattan skyline. Not just me but plenty of other people. It's new, its beautiful and so far it never really gets too crowded and packed. I was hesitant to write about this park because I kind of like the fact that its sort of a hidden gem. Again, Gantry and Hunters park are one in the same to me and there should be a merger of the names. Maybe Gantry State Hunters Waterfront, Hunters State Point Park (eh, maybe some idiots will take that too literal), Gantry State Hunter Points Waterfront Park (too long?), Gantry State Hunter Points South Waterfront Park Extravaganza Happy Place (sounds too Japanese). Whatever, come here, enjoy yourself and make love to his place. It's great for you, great for your kids, great for your family, your pets, for Queens, your mind. LETS KEEP THIS PLACE CLEAN!!!
Another beautiful & vast new park has opened in LIC! This amazing park has (but not limited to the following, as I'm very pregnant right now and therefore pretty slow moving!) : Children's playground Basketball courts Dog park Great lawn Access to East River Ferry Small beach area A couple of water features for kids (and adults) to cool down on warm days And it all boasts phenomenal waterfront views with plenty of seating! I hope to be updating & writing more about this park in the near future as there's so much more to see & yelp about so stay tuned!
An amazing overlooked city park with unbelievable views of the New York City skyline. It is a short walk from Vernon Bvld/Jackson Ave. subway stop, which is the first station on the 7 once you leave NYC. They have a ton of benches, among other ameninties, to enjoy the spectacular view.
