Punk rope class is one of the highlights of my week. It's a friendly atmosphere where you always get a great workout, but it doesn't feel like a typical workout, it's just fun. Fun that leaves you dripping with sweat, red in the face, and slightly sore the next day :-) The class isn't nonstop jumping rope, they mix it up with relays and a bit of core work and stretching.  Every week there's a different theme for the music, so it keeps it fresh and entertaining! It's always a great setlist, too. The instructors are the nicest people you'll meet and have made a community, and I'm so glad to be a part of it!
Tim and Shana make working out so fun that you'll forget it's a workout until you're all sweaty and sore at the end.  They have really built a sense of community around their classes.  Come work out and make friends!
This is one of the best classes ever. Not only because if the jumprooe but because of the functional training and games. Jumprope alone is one of the best cardio workout ever then combined with the bootcamp, you get an even better workout!!! It's so much fun that you forget that your working up out, until the next day!!! The instructors Tim and Shana are the best too!!!
Punk rope changed so much of what I thought "fitness" and "working out" was about... I would never have lasted almost 2 solid, committed years with any other program and I can say that with certainty because I've tried. This class is outrageously fun, uninhibited, silly and motivating without even trying. It's an incredible workout that became a gateway to me getting a lot more serious about working out, strictly by being program that DOESNT take itself too seriously. Despite Tim and Shana being two of the sweetest, gentlest, kindest people on earth, they're gonna severely kick your butt in a workout. In the absolute best way!
I have been taking punk rope classes for a couple of months now at the Greenpoint Y, and that class alone is worth my membership. The classes are exhausting and you will leave totally spent and drenched in sweat, but with that great feeling that comes with a workout that drains you. Don't need to be a master-jumproper, as Tim and Shana will work with you before and after class until you get it right. They even run free clinics in the summer months! The music and weekly themes are awesome and keep the workout entertaining, instead of tedious. An added bonus is the friends I have made through the class. Being new to NYC, I wasn't getting out and meeting new people much. Fortunatley, my first class fell on the first Wednesday of the month, which meant that there was a happy hour down the street after class. I've made some good friends and everyone is so friendly and nice. Tim even donated jumpropes for me to take to the children I will be working with on my upcoming trip to Kenya, and offered to certify me as a punk rope instructor for free so I could teach the kids to jump!! I highly recommend this class - you'll get a great workout and have a lot of fun in the process!! **My only complaint is that the classes are SO full there isn't enough room to jump comfortably without getting my rope tangled with someone else's. While that's a good problem to have, since it means people are catching the wave, I do hope they add a second class during the week!
Here's just one example of why I love Punk Rope: I went to ONE class about four years ago, and then life got in the way.  I liked the class quite a bit, but my schedule was too busy to accommodate it.  Anyways, fast forward four years, a move to California and a move back to Brooklyn later, when Tim and Shana asked if there was anyone new to the class at the Greenpoint Y, I raised my hand. After class, I was chit chatting with Tim and he not only remembered that I had visited the class four years ago but that I also worked in the fashion industry (I have since switched to hairdressing).  How awesomely attentive is that?! This just goes to show how much attention Tim and Shana put into their classes and students.  Every class is great- you get an intense (but FUN) workout and they really hand craft the music selection to perfection.   The other (and perhaps more important to me) aspect that I love about Punk Rope is the cameraderie within the group.  Tim and Shana definitely foster that with happy hours, outings, promoting Punk Roper's creative persuits,  the Punk Rope Games, etc.  I have definitely made some tight, dependable friends through the class- a hard feat sometimes to do in New York City. A+ in my book!
I love this city, but sometimes the lack of privacy really gets to me. People in the suburbs can sing or scream in their car to blow off some steam after work, but if you yell in the subway or in your tiny apartment people will stare at you -- or call social services. This is why I LOVE punk rope -- not just the fantastic exercise, or the awesome people or the amazingly talented Tim & Shana. It's truly a way to act crazy with absolutely no judgement. Maybe you'll do a line dance or pretend to be a frog or play the air banjo or slap the ground with the rope. It all depends on the theme of the week! Being able to tap into that childhood recess feeling again is nothing short of inspirational. Try it out!
The bestest, most ass-kicking, funnest, rockin'-est workout EVER! I can't believe it has taken me so long to write this review. I've been a faithful Punk Roper for about 3 years now. Punk Rope is a killer workout, but you won't know it until you're done, drenched with sweat, and feeling like a million bucks! The music kicks butt, and the strong element of play keeps you smiling, which studies show helps you not feel pain! :) Tim and Shana are excellent instructors. Tim is incredibly approachable and cues well, and Shana is the form QUEEN. Beyond all that, this is not your faceless, nameless workout experience. Tim and Shana work hard to create a community atmosphere. The group games and relay races you do in class naturally extend to monthly happy hours, outings, and food crawls (Hey Tim, time for another one of these?) they organize. I am so pleased to say that I've met some awesome people that I consider true friends through this class.   Tips: A) Don't be afraid to look like a dork. That's the fun part! B) Make sure you take a tinkle before class starts. C) Ladies, wear a good sports bra! D) JUST SHOW UP AND HOP!
Tim and Shana are the best. This workout is the best. Every time I go do punk rope I'm sore for at least 2 days. And I'm actually in pretty good shape! It really challenges my coordination. Its a really intense cardio work out, and every week it is something different so you never get tired of the same tired routines. Plus all the people that show up are cool. Very female friendly. You feel safe. I can't recommend it enough! Plus they have jump ropes for sale for cheap! punkrope.com/store/jump-…
Punk Rope is something that has become a very necessary thing. Not only does it help me to create a positive mood for the rest of the week, the community aspect feels nice, as well. It is a very causal, fun class, and I would recommend it to anyone that is looking for an awesome fitness class. I have invited several people and every one of them still attends!
So...Punk Rope.... Let me tell you that you will likely be sore after your first foray into Punk Rope.  This is a good thing - it means that you're working muscles in your legs you forgot you had! The instructors are really great - they'll push you, but not past your limit.  The vibe in the classes is very friendly, and don't be surprised if you make new friends after taking a few classes.   It's not just jumping rope either - there are drills that will make you sweat.  A lot! But again, this is a good thing. All types are accepted and welcome - this is not a group of elitist gym snobs (and why would you want to be one of those guys, anyway?). I recommend this class highly!
