oh my god, i would have probably never taken this class if i read about it on yelp first. what a mistake that would have been! harrowing to think i could have missed out on aquamom for this twin pregnancy. i smell a rat here. i am one discerning customer and aquamom is the BEST THING THAT I COULD HAVE DONE FOR MY PREGNANCY. and that's not just me. everyone in her class is a happy camper. she is the most attentive, caring, watchful, diligent instructor you could possibly imagine and she has improved the lives of hundreds of women in nyc. everyone i've met - and i went to classes on the upper east side as well as down on wall street - is eager to come to class every week. it's more like an aqua therapy spa hour than a workout. you don't even realize that you're doing so much good for your body. i'm 35 weeks pregnant with twins and my only two trips out of the house at this point is to aquamom and my weekly doctor visit. it's the only time i'm weightless and have any relief from the pressure of two babies. my circulation, my breathing, my flexibility are all drastically improved by taking this class. i am NOT an athlete. i repeat, i am NOT an athlete and i'm lazy as hell about getting myself to a gym. i love yoga and i miss it so much but i didn't feel like yoga was right for me during pregnancy. swimming is the SAFEST thing you could possibly do. to the woman who sprained her ankle, i have to extend a HUGE eye roll. your ankle? come on. that is just a hapless accident caused by you. you must have dragged your foot on the bottom of the pool or somesuch. how on earth would that be the teacher's fault? the exercises in the pool are aided by wonderful props and tools and people go at their OWN pace, some just idling back when they aren't feeling so hot. even as a non-athlete, i never found a single minute of my time in the pool arduous or putting ANY STRAIN ON ANY PART OF MY BODY but often you'll see women stop and rest and that is just fine with everyone. there is NO pressure. NO whistles. NO yelling. NO snobbery. it is TOTALLY down to earth. the reason the classes are small is because she gives individual attention and doesn't overcrowd the pool. and she only picks pools that are heated to something like 85 degrees, warmer than a usual swimmers pool, which is so cozy and comfortable for a pregnant woman. and the pools are shallow. you can stand almost in any part of the pool. you don't have to be a swimmer to do this. at all. i've seen complete non-athletes, even an obese woman in her class. no one cares. i can not say ENOUGH good things about this class and how great it is for all pregnant women. there is nothing snooty or pushy or harmful about this class. my husband sees the difference every time i get out of class and he's told all his male friends with pregnant wives they have to get their wives to go. another thing about the instructor, she keeps up with everyone's pregnancy and cares deeply about how they are feeling. she is so dedicated and passionate about this. she's been doing it for ELEVEN YEARS. she knows everybody and can hook you up with all kinds of help - whatever you need. She's a great person to have on your side. A great ally in your pregnancy. Everyone loves her and jokes around with her and tells her their stories and concerns. i know that andrea is working on her website which does need more info and an easier way to sign up for a waiting list but this is really just a hiccup in an otherwise ideal exercise program.
The Skinny: AquMom is a niche and fun maternity fitness program in NYC that provides luxury class quality aqua (water) fitness for all mothers-to-be. Very highly competitive to get into due to huge demand. The founder of the program actually teaches the classes; not some mediocre gym instructor. When you are in, you better be in, or your spot will go to someone else. Prices: Mid-range to High Instructor: World class endurance athlete who understands physical demands of pregnancy Service: Personalized; Each AquaMom gets reviewed by the founder and not some office clerk Atmosphere: ZERO TOLERANCE FOR BULL CRAP; YOU ARE THERE FOR FITNESS WORKOUT The Long Review: THE BAD STUFF: The most frustrating experience about AquaMom is getting into the program because of the high demand. People who are not used to getting  "NO, WE DON'T HAVE ANY ROOM" should be thankful because this program - at least at the time of writing this review - refuses to make class size too big where the instructor cannot provide specialized attention to each of the students as needed. THE GOOD STUFF: The instructor doesn't care who you are and what your status is in New York social circle; everyone is treated fairly when it comes to who gets in the class and who doesn't.  After a detailed consult - either by phone or email, the instructor will even let you know if you have reached a stage where this program may not provide you any benefit. How many gyms will do that for you? WHO IT IS NOT FOR: This program is not for those who don't want to take their pregnancy fitness seriously. It is also not for those who think they can get away with trying to take advantage of the promotional offers. The Founder is adamant about making sure that the workout has a POSITIVE  RESULT on the progress of your pregnancy. So, if you just want to float in the water and splash your hands, join Equinox. It IS the best thing for you. Why spend money to sign up for a fitness program if you have no intention of working out? WHO IT IS FOR: Pregnant women who want to have a safe, fun, fit workout that will enhance the birthing process. You are going to get a real workout. So, as much as you can expect to have fun with it, you should expect real deal workout. Follow the instructions and don't concern yourself with how other participants are working out. If you need a break, take a break. But don't give up. WHAT YOU MUST KNOW: BE HONEST about what you ate before workout, how much water you drank, etc. As with any workout, you are not going to do yourself any favor if you brush off the warnings about eating well to have a good workout experience. Overall Take: This is a legit water workout program for pregnant women who really want to workout to enhance their birthing experience. No gimmicks, no bait-and-switch. Do NOT sign up for it if you are a flake. Trust me, you will not like the experience.   The AquaMom program should consider an AquaDad /AquaMan program because the workout is rigorous and beneficial to men as well. But given that the demand from women are higher than men, I do not see a male version being implemented anytime soon.
As for the comment they posted on my comment... This is what I wrote to them: "Your comment is false. You contacted me once ONLY. Never did you say "we will call when we have space". Be honest please... I hope you have your company more situated and more organized but to blatantly lie is a bit outrageous. Not to mention it took you a year and a half to write this".
When I was pregnant with our first child, I found the Aquamom postcard at my OB/GYN office. I immediately went online to do some research and to find out how effective of a program this would be and whether it is certified and accredited. Once I read the information and consulted with a few friends who swam during pregnancy, I didn't hesitate to email Aquamom and request availability. Right away I was impressed with the promptness of response and the level of detailed information about the program I was provided. Additionally, I was requested to submit a clearance form from my doctor that it was safe for me to exercise, which I felt was very responsible of them. I was provided several options for classes with availability and ultimately, selected the Thursday's evening downtown class. Although, I did take a few midday classes at the Midtown West location, which were also very good. From my first class to the last, I couldn't have been happier with the routines and the results. I grew stronger with each class and the water helped alleviate the severe swelling and water retention I experienced with my first pregnancy. Additionally, my hip and back issues that come with pregnancy were also relieved significantly. My prenatal physical therapist even noticed the results. I cannot commend Andrea enough on her patience and attentiveness to all Aquamoms taking her class. I took this class until week 38 and would've taken it week 39 and 40, but schedule wouldn't allow. I am now taking Aquamom during my second pregnancy. I enjoyed my first experience so much that I started earlier into my pregnancy this time around. Whether this is your first pregnancy or your 10th pregnancy, I cannot recommend Aquamom enough to all of you because for me the breathing and  visualizations went out the window once I was 6cm dilated, but the thing that remained was my stamina and my energy to continue pushing once I was 10cm and fully effaced for over 3 hours to deliver my 8lb 4oz healthy baby boy naturally. If it wasn't for Andrea and her classes, I probably would've ended up with a C-section for sure. I can understand some of the negative reviews from women who were disappointed due to scheduling and availability issues, but I can honestly say that any reviews that comment on the value or lack there of  about Aquamom to pregnant women, either didn't take the class or have ulterior motives. These classes are not just exercise, they are water therapy so if you're suffering from muscle or joint or tendon pain, your doctor would recommend a low impact exercise routine, which is just what Aquamom is all about. It's not possible to injure yourself in these classes unless you dive into the pool and hit your head - NOT that I am recommending or endorsing you do that in any shallow pool. All positive and negative reviews aside, you won't know how great of a program Aquamom is until you take a class and see for yourself what it's all about, which, if you're pregnant, I would behoove you to do! I am completely confident that you will not only enjoy it, but like most of us will come back for your subsequent pregnancies and pay double just to go twice a week.
This is the greatest class ever, and has totally transformed my experience being pregnant. 1) It feels SO good to be in the water when pregnant and leads to a huge reduction in my swelling. 2) The instructor Andrea is SO knowledgable on all things fitness, pregnancy, birth, and postpartum.  Not only is she a caring and safe instructor of the class, but she shares so much information, if you are interested, about this new phase of life.  She also has an extremely inspirational fitness history -- I think it is important in preg to surround yourself with strong, inspirational people, and she fits the bill if not the poster child for this! 3) Great community!  It's so grounding to meet other women who are pregnant and also value fitness.  Some of the women have given birth before, and are great resources.  I have made a friend in the class who I now see outside of Aquamoms and we will likely meet up once we have our babies.  It's amazing to meet other pregnant women who care about staying active and feeling good, instead of being around sedentary complainers 4) Amazing workout.  And contrary to the negative reviews, completely safe.  Andrea has a long a conversation with you about your exercise routine and fitness history before you join the class, and you can swim and move as fast or as slow as you need in the class.  There is far, far more guidance and freedom in this class than I've experienced in other group fitness environments -- prenatal or not. Regarding some of the other negative comments -- I'm not sure which location led someone to complain about "gross locker rooms", but let's get real -- it's NYC and locker rooms aren't always going to be spa-esque.  You wear flip flops and you deal with it.   This class has made me healthier and happier!  It's one of the highlights of my week.  It also inspired me to add more cardio into my prenatal fitness routine and I actually feel better in my third trimester than I did in the first and second!  I highly highly recommend this class -- it's a true gift for pregnant women.
I am a huge Aquamoms fan. Yes it was difficult to get into the class from the start, but it was worth the wait. Clearly the operation is bigger than the support staff to monitor enrollment. All is forgiven once you get in. Andrea is fantastic at paying attention to the individual needs of expectant mommas, along with not letting you slack off if you are already in good shape. The range of fitness levels and due dates this class is able to accommodate is wonderful. I used to get regular massage, but found that just getting in the pool and going through the routines did so much more to relieve the stress and tension in my spine/hips/ribs from pregnancy. The pools are more than adequate, I think they have to be viewed in the context of-it's NYC, where do you think you are going to get a (mostly private) olympic sized pool to play in? They are clean, generally warm and the support staff have always been accommodating. I especially appreciate having been able to come a bit early or stay a bit late in the water to do my own thing at the midtown location.
I have to go to bat for the Aqua Mom team here. I attended the class in late 2008, when pregnant with my now 3 yr old aqua baby. This class was fabulous and just what I needed. Not only was Andrea full of energy and enthusiasm, but she pushed us to actually work out (hard!). I would definitely feel it after the work outs and enjoyed meeting the other mommies to be. I also slept much better from being so tired, which was great. This class really became worth it's money in the labor and delivery room. My doctor said she would have anticipated a c-section with a sun side up baby boy, cord around the neck and 3.5 hours of pushing, but I did it with no c-section! The doctor was totally impressed and so was I. She said I must have ben super active during pregnancy to pull that one off. I WAS, IT WAS AQUA MOM! If you don't like the pool in general, you won't like Aqua mom. But if you love swimming and find the pool relaxing this is for you! Best, Lauren
I really doubt those 5 star comments. I participated in this program when I was 22nd weeks. I'm a beginner for swimming but Andrea requires you to do as intense as the regular swimmers. I sprained my leg during the swimming class. I couldn't go to work, even standing up. I have to see an orthopedist and a therapist for recovery and I send the documents to them. They never mention to refund the rest of the classes due to their fault--not instructed appropriately. I personally think that it doesn't worth the money to do that. You could join a membership in some gyms  for swimming and get more out of it.   You don't have to take my advice. Go ahead and I'm pretty sure most of you will regret.
This is probably the first time I have given something 5 stars. After looking for a few pre-natal classes I came across Aquamom and read good reviews. The timing was right for me, I was able to get a spot soon. I was a bit lazy during my second trimester but as the weeks started creeping up on me, I realized that I need to do pre-natal stuff for smooth delivery. So I signed up for Aquamom when I was 26 weeks, and started at 28 weeks. When I went to their downtown location the first time, I was a tad disappointed with the facilities because the class is conducted in a school, and the showers and locker rooms were not gym-quality. There was also water everywhere. So I wasn't sure if this class was all that. But once I got into the pool, I was sold. I thought pre-natal classes are very easy, not really. Andrea really makes you work out well, its fun, using lots of props. I am planning to go twice a week. I really look forward to these classes. I feel so relaxed after, and it helps sleep better. Women in all trimesters attend. I saw one who was 37 weeks along and had been going twice a week. I just wish there were more classes in more locations, Downtown is too far for me, I wish the Midtown classes were during evenings as well. But all in all I truly enjoy these classes and highly recommend them especially if you can no longer do regular exercises. I can see women take this in any trimester once the doctor okays it. Andrea is very friendly, gives enough information before the first class, and is flexible and understanding. I truly wish I had started this class earlier.
I haven't delivered yet, so, I don't know how the training may or may not benefit my labor, but I am a current member of AquaMoms. I was always an avid swimmer but I haven't formally trained since high school--about 16 years ago, yikes! I love the drills we do in the class, it's a great workout but somehow it's also relaxing. Andrea is the best: she's motivating, she has great stories and she is knows how to work with moms of varying swimming skill level in the same class. I would wholeheartedly recommend this class to any soon-to-be moms who enjoy swimming and can sustain an hour plus of pool time. I go to the downtown location and I find it to be a nice pool, with pretty decent locker room/shower facilities and a friendly staff. It feels quite private during the sessions, which allows for the preggo ladies to let lose and have a little fun without feeling shy!  I'm sorry to hear other people had trouble getting into the class because once you start it's so great and pretty laid back. I guess it's just always in high demand because it's the only class of it's kind I could find in the city.
All I can say is  "AMAZING"!
over-rated.  this class is in a tiny pool, with a lot of people in it (that aren't even in the class) & disgusting locker rooms.  the workout is ok, but prenatal water aerobics at the Y & JCC on the upper west side are better.
