Great pier: 1) If you are a sucker for sleeping on the grass, this is your place. 2) They have movies under the stars nights called "Movies under the stars Hoboken". LOL 3) The views are amazing. 4) It is free and open 24/7.
Can't beat the view. Directly across from and overlooking NYC. Always clean, lots of grass to lay out in the sun, play frisbee, or just sit with lunch. I live in downtown Hoboken so this is my go-to park since it's a close distance to my apartment. During the summer they do movie nights on Wednesdays and set up a huge projection screen and play some good movies. This year the shower Life of Pi, Frozen, Lego Movie, Mrs. Doubtfire and more. (Definitely kid friendly). Overall it's a very nice park.
I've been here a couple of times ... but why? The first time I walked here was to take pictures of the supermoon ... but I got kinda weirded out because a group of guys were there & two of them started to fight? Like an actual fight. Yelling, arguing, "HOLD ME BACK!" and "CMON MAN!" and so on. I packed up my camera & left in a flash. Nahhh, I just wanted some nature & a view, Hoboken. The second time I walked over here was to take a picture of the big ol' shiny Roman numerals for Super Bowl XVIII. There was a huge police presence in front of the park, which already made it feel a little safer than last time. I cut through the non-grassy part, which was mostly occupied with wires & generator trucks (probably powering the lights?). Walking down to the numbers, I saw a small but loud group clustered around a tiny blow-up curling course. They were really enthusiastic about it with their brooms & everything, and it's the first time I've seen anyone do anything sporty at Pier A, so I'll let that slide. (Get it? Slide? See what I did there?) The XVIII was pretty cool. It was set up to overlook the Empire State Building, and the lights changed every few minutes or so to reflect the teams playing. About a dozen people were there too, taking pictures of the lights & climbing on the numbers. But other than that, Pier A was bare, slightly snow-covered, & dark. It's not comfortable, or lush, or anything "parky" really. I've never been motivated to come to Pier A to relax, or watch the animals (other than squirrels?), or look at flowers (I haven't seen any there). The grassy area is bumpy & sparse. And it's just a little sketch. Honestly, the best thing about this park is that it boasts a lovely view of the city, and for that it gets two stars.
Bummed that I didn't know about free outdoor movies in Hoboken prior to this year. Oh well, better late than never! Thanks to one of the events posted on Yelp, I found out about the free outdoor movie screenings in Pier A Park. Google "Movies under the stars Hoboken" and you can get the schedule. The movies are aired on Wednesday nights at 9:00 pm in June and July and around at 8:15 pm in August. I believe the movies to be screened are decided via a survey on the website of City of Hoboken. They have a pretty good line up in 2013 - a number of award winning movies and animated ones too. On certain days, live entertainment is also scheduled before the movie starts screening. You are allowed to bring in food and beverages (non-alcoholic). There were a couple of porta-potties at the entrance to the park. For the best seats, you might wanna come in early.  I reached a bit early and managed to grab a spot close to the screen, the park got pretty crowded later on. Bring picnic blankets or chairs for watching the movie comfortably. And extra blankets or jackets if it's windy or a little chilly. There were a bunch of speakers around the park, so the audio was pretty good. As for the video, the screen is a inflatable thingy so the picture is not the greatest quality. A number of times during the screening, the screen was about to collapse in the wind, but the volunteers did a great job running quickly to the screen and supporting it. Watching the movie under the stars and the backdrop of NYC made for such a lovely setting! I am definitely going to watch out for next year's line-up. There are 3 more movie screenings in 2013, I already know that I am gonna be back to watch at least one of them.
I love Hoboken's Piers, it's really one of the best reasons to jump on a Path train and come over. Pier A is the largest and closest to the Hoboken station so why not start there. There is a bike path, plenty of benches, a playground, a large field, and a wonderful view of lower Manhattan. It's extremely clean and safe. They often hold events here like concerts and outdoor movies. One thing I wasn't a big fan of is that they have a sort of grove of trees with just gravel underneath and not the grass that I saw posted on a few of the photos on Yelp. Regardless it's hard to give this pier anything less than 5 stars.
Thanks to my Yelp friend Evan M. who lives in Hoboken and gave me a little rundown on the places to visit, I took a half day during my NYC vacation about 1.5 months ago to visit Hoboken. The first stop was Pier A Park, where you can sit on the grass and watch the midtown Manhattan skyline. It was a nice little break from the hustle and bustle of NYC. It was only a 10-minute train ride for me from the 9th Street PATH station. Once you get to the Piers, the downtown area is within walking distance (only a couple short blocks away) and there are plenty of good restaurants to choose from. The famous Carlo's Bakery is on the Washington Street near the City Hall and is definitely worth a visit if you are into desserts. yelp.com/biz/carlos-bake…
Love it here. I'm a real sucker for parks, but this one is amazing. They have music festivals, concerts, etc, and the like here on some weekday nights. You can find out what's coming up with a quick Google search. The park really makes for an amazing venue. Why? - Gorgeous views of the city from across the water - Well kept - Plenty of room, large open grass area so you can grab a towel and just lay down all day long Love coming here. Have been here a million times, will be here a million more. If you're coming to chill on the grass with friends, excellent. If you're coming to run around all day, still excellent. If you're coming just to watch the city and take in the beauty of the scenery, you're on the right track. Me personally - I love to grab a book, a towel, and just read away while taking in the beauty of the scenery. You have to go here - especially if you happen to find yourself in Hoboken for any reason. Not a contestable option.
I quit my job on Wednesday, and on Thursday, I grabbed lunch, a book, and a towel, and spent several hours in this park. It was the first thing I thought to do when I finally had a day off. If you're falling out of love with Manhattan, and the smells and the noise and the prices and the people are too much, do yourself a favor and grab a quick PATH ride into Hoboken. About a block north of the terminal, close to the water, is Pier A, which will remind you of the true majesty of New York City. I bet some residents of the Palisades will dispute this, but this park has one of the best views of the western skyline. Because it's on a pier, you have unobstructed views to the north and south sides. You're also probably close enough to swim right across (but don't. The Hudson is nasty.) There are trees for shade, wide open patches of grass for sunbathing, and a gravel memorial garden for 9/11. A bike/skateboard path run through the park, which I believe will connect to a county-wide waterfront path. Ooo. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because there are signs ALL OVER THE PARK saying to keep dogs on paved walkways and leashed, and yet every time I go there are several assholes with their dogs unleashed and pissing on the grass where people are laying and kids are rolling around. Hoboken dog owners are so disgusting and irresponsible.
Great views of Manhattan, nice wide open grass area, spitting distance to the Hudson river.  This one is hard to beat.  I also recommend the events they hold here in the summer like Movies on Wednesday Nights, they just had the Party with Purpose 5K here and in August Mumford & Sons are playing!!!!  Also, you are walking distance to the great restaurants and bars that Hoboken has to offer. This is one of the nicest parks I've even been too in Jersey.
One of the best parts of living in Hoboken is that you can run along the river at Pier A park and enjoy an incredible view of Manhattan.   This park has plenty of seating and is a little oasis just a few blocks off Washington.  The only thing that I would say is a drawback is the fact that there's an abundance of homeless people who sleep in this park so super early morning runs aren't the best.   Anyone I've taken here, though, has been incredibly impressed.  It's a staple on my "This is why I moved to Hoboken" tour...
It's a tiny park but I like it.  It juts out into the water so you get an awesome view of Manhattan.  There are tons of benches surrounding the park, so you can sit and watch the people go by. I like it when urban parks are active and this one is.  There are tons of people with their kids, jogging or walking by.  Granted, today was a holiday but the other time I was nearby, the park was also active. When I was there today a HUGE Holland America cruise ship was sailing down the Hudson and back out to sea.  It made me sort of jealous as I've not been on a cruise in over a year.  That's what makes this little park great.  You've got tons of activity from the people around you but also the activity on the Hudson. There is also that great view of the city.  The fact that it's a hop, skip and a jump from all sorts of transport is great too. I took the lightrail from Liberty State Park (boring...skip it) to the Hoboken terminal.  Then I just walked over to the park and hung out. 5-stars is reserved for the awesome of awesome parks, like Yosemite.  This little patch of green is unexpected and does the trick when you just need to relax a bit.
I'm a sucker for grass.  I'm a sucker for views of the manhattan skyline.  I'm a sucker for convenience.  I'm a sucker for sitting by a river.  I'm a sucker for watching athletic young men chase each other around with balls and frisbees.  Pier A Park has all of the above, and is awesome.
I love this place... I really do. This is what I affectionately refer to as the Hoboken Beach, since everyone loves to lay out here. Great pier to run around (which I do 5 times a week), and great place to just sit and and hang out and enjoy the breeze and view and water. My only complaint is the homeless people who have claimed this land as their own... go for an early morning (.i.e. before 6 AM) expect to be heckled by homeless people, or at random hours, expect to see homeless people living and occupying the perimeter of the park.
I saw Mumford & Sons on Pier A.  I was surprised at how well this venue was setup.  It was very well planned out and I had a great time.  I could only hope that Hoboken puts on some more big name shows on the Pier.  I will definitely come back. The sound was absolutely phenomenal.  It was loud enough and brought such energy to the crowd.  Plus, Mumford & Sons are a pretty damn good band.   A+
Writing this review strictly regarding the 2 concerts I've gone to at this park.  First Mumford last summer and MMJ, Wilco and Bob Dylan this past weekend.  Bad experiences both times and it's entirely due to poor planning and logistics. 1 star for great acts/music they've booked. 1 star for incredible setting/view up against the city. That's it! Here are the gripes with the venue.   Issues we had last summer for Mumford were chalked up to first time and inevitable hiccups that surely would be fixed the next time we wanted to see a show here.  Alas, that wasn't the case.  Same issues happened this time around and they are: 1.  Beer lines WAY too long.  Is this some way to regulate how much people drink?  Make them wait in hour-long lines so they'll never want to go back and sit on it again?  Well success!   2.  Same goes for food.  I showed up hungry and left hungry mainly because we had to choose between beer line and food line...and gotta have beer!  so, left hungry. 3.  Once the sun goes down, they have these horrible spotlights trained on the crowd so that you are blinded once you try and turn your head to find your friends who have been gone seemingly for hours to get an elusive lobster roll and maybe a beer to wash it down.  2 years in a row our group lost each other and left separately because it was impossible to find anyone in the oddly dark and at the same time blindingly bright location. Get it together Hoboken!
Pier A park is a great part of Hoboken. Its iconic Manhattan skyline views probably rank in the top 5 vantage points. The fountain in the warmer months is beautiful. A good chuck of the grass area was removed  about 7 years ago to plant about 50 ginko trees to remember Hoboken 9/11 victims, so you can't complain about that, but that area is missed. During June through August movies are shown every Wednesday night on one of those large inflatable screens. It's a great place to bring a blanket, some take-out dinner, and some clandestine wine, to enjoy a movie under the stars. Pier A is also great for people watching. From joggers and people doing yoga to people fishing, there's always something interesting to see.
We found a music festival and a new park walking around after dinner. It is the Pier A park. New to us, but it opened in 1999. It is on Frank Sinatra Drive, It is within walking distance of Carlos Bakery. carlosbakery.com theboken.com/hoboken-hea… The event  was sponsored by Ben and Jerry's. They gave away FREE ice cream! We found the park  by accident and it was so very nice! The people were all there to have a good time! There were people of all ages and ethnic backgrounds. The event was hosted by MTV's Matt Pinfield and featured the headliner band Tokyo Police Club. Other bands will include Vacationer, Shinobi Ninja, Body Language, Lights Resolve, We Barbarians, The Nightmare, River Band. Pilsener Haus was also provided and a free Biergarten at the event as well. In the past I was never a fan of Ben and Jerry's ice cream  But I am going to rethink it. I will do some more investigating of Ben and  Jerry's.  They had new flavors and frozen yogurt. It was pretty good! What was different than in the past was the texture it wasn't super frozen like the Ben and Jerry's I have had in the past. We had peanut butter banana and Raspberry chocolate chunks. The peanut butter banana was much better. The chocolate chunks were too frozen. But the other flavor was good and the texture was great! The park itself was really nice with a view of Manhattan's sky line. There were a lot of dogs and puppy's which I love too! It looks like there are always nice events in the park. hobokennj.org/venue/pier… It is a lovely park, residents are fortunate to live near by.
A visit to Pier A Park wasn't a planned stop, but after parking along Sinatra Drive with some time to kill, I thought, "Why not?" Jutting out into the Hudson River near the Hoboken train station, the park is simple, yet serene. I walked around the entire perimeter, taking everything in...joggers hustling along the brick walkway, fishermen casting lines off the pier, guys playing a game of touch football on the grass field, a couple staring across the river into NYC. Although it was hard to see anything at a distance on such a foggy morning, I enjoyed the short, relaxing stroll along the edge of the city.
Awesome place to relax with the family and have kids play at along the shore. Not much else to say. Definitely a nice place to visit while in Hoboken!
I came here to see the 4th of July fireworks.  I have always gone to Jersey city to get a  good view of the NYC Skyline in general, but Pier A is just as good.  The grass goes on forever, and there were many people laying down for a picnic. You do not get quite the same experience on Hudson place.
Love this place! Awesome place to hang out any time of the day, and any time of the year.
Pier A Park is one of the best things about Boken, and by far is the best way to see Manhattan and the Hudson. Expect a lot of people laying out in summer, and expect to see some guys at the end fishing all year long. This is a great place to relax, walk around, and they have done nice improvements over the years adding the water kids area and 9-11 memorial. Pier C is a nice addition up the river a bit also.
My son is a huge Cake Boss fan and we discovered this park by accident one day several years ago while walking around Hoboken.  It has become one of my favorite places on earth.  Any time we go into the city we drive to Hoboken, grab breakfast and eat down by the water before we hop on the Path and we try to spend some time at the park before we head back home.  The view is amazing and it always quiet and peaceful no matter how many people are there.  It's my happy place!  :)
was an amazing outdoor venue for a concert.  saw Mumford & Sons here and the show ended in fireworks!
Great venue for a concert! They had food trucks, several beer tents (brooklyn brewery, coors light, corona ~$7 for 12 oz), a good amount of porta-potties (weird writing out that word...), 5 minute walk from the PATH train, a good amount of bars within walking distance for pre/post show (though, keep in mind the general demographic of Hoboken. LMFAO - Shots is still a relevant song apparently, beer pong is played on Weds night, and polo shirts and laptop bags are the official uniform). Sound was great, skyline behind the stage was great, Mumford & Sons put on an amazing show. The only negative I can think of is the fact that the bathrooms and beer and food are all on the left when you enter. So if you actually venture into the crowd, and walk all the way to the right of the pier - you better hope you dont have to leave that spot for the entirety of the concert. Could be alleviated with some barricades creating a path on that right side so you can walk around the perimeter of the crowd instead of cutting through and pissing off a whole slew of people.
