If I could give these guys 10 Stars, I would. Living in NYC it is really hard to really get away from the city and into the amazingly beautiful region that surrounds us but the crew at DBA make it super easy and enjoyable for you! They offer day trips and overnight hikes- and this being my first time hiking, i opted for the day hike. The day starts at 1 of 2 meeting points in Brooklyn and NYC where you join your group and load up into the van transport they provide. The leaders greet you with great energy off the bat and get everyone situated and comfortable before providing breakfast on the ride (if you don't like really strong coffee, bring your own!) We made a couple of pit stops during the 3hr ride north and once we arrived on site- they prepared us for what lay ahead for the day, gave everyone a hiking stick and off we went! The trail where we hiked was PERFECT! The "moderate" hike was, at times, a challenge but any areas of rough/steep trail were followed by a level place where you could catch your breath and everyone in our group was able to tackle the whole trail with ease and at a quick pace. They guides took lots of photos for us, broke when we needed to break, provided tons of info on the different types of trees and plants we were seeing and also made sure to keep us in the loop as to the progress of our hike and elevation. We paused for lunch at the summit- they had plenty food options and  hot beverages - it was just right. And just like that- we were down the mountain and back at the van, feeling very accomplished! I cant say enough- these guys are GREAT- i would highly recommend their trips for anyone with an adventurous streak or someone just looking to escape the city for a day to be surrounded by some nature!
Had a fantastic time with DBA at Lake Minnewaska.   Their affordable trips and hikes are custom tailored for the typical New Yorker - who doesn't want the best of everything squeezed into a day trip?  Dave D explained how he combined basically 3 routes into one, and the result was very cool - we saw a variery of microclimes, vistas, AND an impressive waterfall.  The apple cider stop and the microbrew restaurant stops were also great.   You also get an impromptu sing along in the car as a bonus!
I give these guys the maximum five stars. I went on a day hike last weekend in the Catskills. The pick up time was right on the dot and the ride up was pleasant. You do not need to bring anything other than water for yourself. Everything else, including those hiking sticks, are provided by DBA. Mike, our guide and driver, kept the entertainment going...especially on the ride back. He has a lot to say and made the day hike well worth it. The hike down was as equally intense as the hike up. Don't be fooled by Mother Nature. Get with DBA for some serious nature time outside the city!
My boyfriend and I had the best time with Dave and DBA. Super fun adventure, well-organized and thought out and Dave is a real nature guru--constantly offering historical facts about terrain and flora. We had lunch on the summit and definitely quelled our New Yorker nature deficiency. We will definitely be back for another adventure soon!
Everything else written about Dave and his crew is true.  Eager, helpful and knowledgeable -- guaranteed to make your trip a pleasant and learning experience for all levels.  The hitch is in the food provided (for the yoga hike): please don't advertise a gourmet lunch and hand out packaged hummus, string cheese, tortillas and pretzel chips.  The homemade trail mix is delicious.
By far DBA the best company in New York hands down. These guys know their stuff and anyone who goes on a hike with them will love it. The guides are the most down to earth guys I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Five minutes talking with them and you feel like their friends you haven't seen in awhile. The trips are so good I was about to ask them if they were hiring so I could be in the outdoors all the time. We hiked 7 miles and it was just amazing sights all along the way. Looking forward to many many more trips with you guys in the future. You guys rock and I wish you all the best.
Let me start by saying I am not an outdoorsy, woodland type guy.  Generally I am a beach and city connoisseur, but was invited by a friend and decided to give it a whirl.  Mike and Rab (sp) were awesome guides, and kept us moving, fed, and informed all at the same time.  The group we were with was great and we laughed the entire way up the mountain and back down.  I would definitely recommend using these guys if you are planning a hike, they were great.
I did the day hike to Minnewaska State Park and it was so amazing.  There is transportation pick up in Manhattan and Brooklyn.  They also provide donuts and coffee from DD. Sweet.  DBA took us out on a trail that took us on amazing viewpoints.  While the foliage was coming to an end the views were still sweeping.   Lunch was awesome too.  Sandwiches, granola bars, dried food, gourmet cheese and sausages.  We then all went out to eat dinner and had some beers.  A great cap to a really great hike.  I am looking forward to future hikes and possibly some camping now.
Back in November 2011, My friend & I planned a day out of the city with Destination Backcountry.  We spent the day hiking in Minnewaska State Park with a group of 12 other hikers.  What an incredible day!  Not only was the scenery breathtaking it was a wonderful bonding experience with the others.  D-Squared were amazing and extremely friendly.  I am excited to have another amazing experience this winter with DBA!!!!
My fiance surprised me with an awesome anniversary adventure of winter hiking in the Catskills (Giant Ledge & Panther Mountain). It was amazing! Dave & The DBA Crew were professional, fun, energetic and safe and Dave's passionate stories of the Catskills' geology echoed his love for what he does. You will NOT go wrong in booking this trip. We took advantage of an online discount, but given that we are city folk who don't drive, this complete trip that began with an early morning van ride & complimentary coffee & donuts to snacks at the summit, to sleeping in the van on the way back to NYC is a great value. I no longer have an excuse of waiting for friends with cars to have amazing adventures.
Let me start by saying I am not an outdoorsy, woodland type guy.  Generally I am a beach and city connoisseur, but was invited by a friend and decided to give it a whirl.  Mike and Rab (sp) were awesome guides, and kept us moving, fed, and informed all at the same time.  The group we were with was great and we laughed the entire way up the mountain and back down.  I would definitely recommend using these guys if you are planning a hike, they were great.
We had a lovely time on the day trip up Mr. Wittenburg yesterday, Dave is a phenomenal guide, tasty lunch, quite sore the today- what a workout!
I took an overnight hiking trip with a small group last weekend. So worth it, value-wise, and experience-wise. Our guide was extremely knowledgable of the trails, geology, and history of the Catskills and we felt safer going with someone who knows the area. Also they were very prepared and rented us gear we didn't have. My girlfriend and I are vegetarian but this was not a problem - there was plenty of food for us.  The trip went smoothly and we had lots of fun too - I would definitely take more trips with them!
I wish I could give more than five stars for Destination Backcountry Adventures.  If you have the opportunity to break away from the hectic craziness of NYC living, please do join them and get out into the outdoors.  I just did a fall foliage day hike up in Mt. Wittenberg this past Saturday, and it was an amazing experience.  Our guide, Dave, was fun, funny, friendly, and incredibly knowledgeable about the outdoor world.  We had a healthy variety of choices for breakfast on the way up and a delicious lunch up on the summit of the mountain.  The group stayed together really well and Dave made sure that we got up and down safely and in one piece, while able to enjoy the beautiful sights both ways.  And at the end of the trip, we stopped to eat at Hickory BBQ in Kingston, NY.  Delicious food.  Get the Feast with a group, it's worth it.  I would absolutely recommend taking a trip with DBA!  I look forward to going on another trip with Dave and DBA sometime in the future.
I have been hiking, fishing, and camping (all seasons) with Dave DiCerbo more times than I can count.  The energy and passion Dave brings to his trips always inspires me to climb a little higher or hike a little longer.  His trips are well thought out and planned perfectly.  Every detail is given full attention -- no matter what level of trip you are on, everyone is safe in Dave's hands.  Dave has hands-on knowledge of every mountain range and peak in the northeast -- I have been to a dozen of them with him myself.  He is able to put together multiple day hikes to cover lots of territory and terrain.  Once at camp, Dave whips together energy rich, AND delicious meals.  Matched with a crackling fire and great conversation, Dave's trips don't end once the days hike has reached a camping spot.  Daylight breaks, and Dave always has breakfast ready to go with coffee or tea to go with -- a perfect start to a good hike or day of trout fishing.  I could go on and on -- Dave simply is a top-tier guide for any outdoor adventure!
Destination Backcountry Adventures combine competence, campfire culinary wizardry, and just plain old fun. They are defined by their love of the outdoors, the art of hiking, and guiding people into the most beautiful parts of of our planet that they'd never otherwise see. A trip with DBA is an experience you'll remember for a lifetime...unless you take so many with them that they start to blur together.
went on my first hike with destination this past saturday and it was amazing. we were lucky and also had an awesome group of people. the hike it itself was challenging but doable and the scenery couldn't be beat. we had a great lunch on top of the summit. dave, mike, and troy were easy going and attentive. can't wait to join them for a winter hike next year!
Austin was great! We went to Ralph Stover State Park for climbing. Lots of good routes. He was fun to be around and seems to have all around outdoor experience and familiarity with backcountry adventure in the northeast. He was very flexible and patient as we climbed not so easy routes. He gave us the boost that we needed! Very energetic and easygoing. Highly recommended.
I just did 2 day hikes in Catskills with DBA and it is one of the most exciting and memorable experiences in my life. David's energy and enthusiasm to share his vast knowledge about the mountains and wilderness is admirable. It was really challenging for me to do these hikes as I never did this kind of steep hikes before and David was so patient with me through out. It was an incredible experience for me and my plan is to do all my Catskill 3500 hikes with him as a guide in coming years.
I love hiking and camping but don't get out of the city to do it as often as I'd like because it's hard to find city folk to do outdoor activities with. Enter Destination Backcountry Adventures.  They provide transportation, coffee and donuts for breakfast, a fantastic spread for lunch (don't worry you'll burn it off!), and a really great day of hiking. I did one of their day escapes to Minnewaska State Park yesterday and it couldn't have been better.  Great weather, met some really cool people and traversed some gorgeous trails with sweeping views and a waterfall!  We stopped at an apple farm after the hike and sat down to a dinner together before heading back to the city. Our two guides, both named Dave, were friendly and knowledgeable and cool as hell.  I'm definitely looking forward to more trips with these guys!!
Need to get out of the city for the day? Overnight?  The whole weekend? Look no further--Had such an awesome time backpacking with this crew in the Catskills! Great food, INCREDIBLY knowledgeable guides, and beautiful and challenging hikes.
Had a great time on an overnight adventure with Destination Backcountry - guides were great, scenery was beautiful, and the hike a lot of fun.  Highly recommended for New Yorkers looking to get outdoors.
Absolute fantastic awesomeness!!!! (does that make sense?...if you hiked with Dave, it totally fits) I've done two hikes with DBA - Mt Wittenberg and Minnewaske Park. I'm truly overcome by the graciousness, variety and overall fulfillment of these tours. DBA definitely has a special touch--a composite of great energy, subject matter expertise, people and organization. Doing a day escape is such a special treat that every New Yorker deserves and if you're fit and love hiking, it truly gets no better than this.
Excellent tour. Dave was very nice and friendly and has excellent outdoor knowledge. He was patient and well experienced guide. The tour was well organized. and they are even dog friendly! I had a great time with them and so was my doggie popcorn. Will definitely join them again.
We had an awesome camping weekend with Dave.  While we enjoy the outdoors, it's not always easy to get it all together and make it happen.  We asked Destination Backcountry Adventures to much of the work for us.  They found a beautiful Catskills spot near a lake and a fresh spring, they set up the tent, they made a fire without a duraflame log even though there had been torrential downpours all afternoon/evening.  We went fishing and Dave showed us where to find natural brook trout, which we caught.  Kids loved it.  Salamanders, fish, canoe, turtle, and more.  Parents enjoyed not having to do all the work.  I highly recommend Dave and his company.
I am not typically an outdoors type person, but I decided to try out a day hike adventure I found on Groupon. By far the best choice I made. Having no prior experience with hiking, we climbed up on the Westkill Mountain. Not exactly a breeze , which made reaching the peak even more rewarding. Dave is an awesome guide whose energy and positive attitude made the whole experience fun. After our hike, Dave took us to some much deserved BBQ at Hickory in Kensington, NY.  Thanks Dave for making this city girl love the outdoors!
Perfect way to get away from the hectic life of NYC. I did the Yoga retreat and it was amazing!!! A full day of activities and beautiful scenario. Hiking, Yoga, Meditation, Waterfalls, Food!!, More Hiking. It was honestly like a 1 day vacation for me. Highly recommend! I will be back.
On January 25th, I hiked the Blackhead range and as a person who is more versed in the art of bacon cheeseburger gorging than long distance running, my Girlfriend and one of my close friends who brought me along were convinced I was going to have a coronary due to the nature of this strenuous hike.  That being said, I also must disclose that I don't normally do things like hikes or climbing or anything that involves sustained amounts of physical labor that is not interspersed with several meals and a nap. However,  I was very impressed at how this hike was planned out.  There were breaks that gave you just enough time to catch your breath before continuing up the toughest parts up, and down, the beautiful mountain.  The terrain was challenging in a very positive way, without being notably hazardous, as the guides were very diligent in offering suggestions on how to approach certain obstacles encountered along the way. The guides are very worth elaborating on as well.   There is of course Dave, but I like to think of him as Davy Crockett, as he, in my opinion, has redefined what it means to live and breathe your business.  The entire trip, from pick up to drop off, he immersed us in stories of how DBA was born, how it has evolved and his visions of the business (I admit I am truly jealous at how much Dave absolutely loves his job).  He could walk up and down those trails with his eyes closed and point out scenic overlooks, natural rock formations, ice formations and any other visual bounty of nature you could possibly imagine by scent.  This guy is good.  I have never had more fun and been more entertained while pushing my body to its natural limits ever before.  Dave is not only informative, his stories are hilarious, and his singing along in the van makes for a lively trip back.   The other guides were clearly hand picked by Dave for their personalities, fitness and knowledge of the terrain.  They were all helpful at all the right times and very accommodating in every sense of the word.  If Dave is the pied piper of DBA, his guides are close behind him - very deserving acolytes. If you are on the fence about the outdoors, try this company first, as you will not only have a great time and meet some fun people, you will realize a day in the woods is not as intimidating as you may imagine. If you are an experienced hiker, you will find your outdoor zen in Dave and his merry band of guides, and I would venture to say that you would learn a lot from each other in the process (as well as be privy to plenty of laughs). There is something for everyone here, and I can't offer a more solid recommendation for Dave/DBA.  I would be hard pressed to find a more outstanding outdoor experience at such an incredible value (I thought the price was too good to be true, and the truth is he doesn't charge enough, so effectively I was right:-).
I love this stuff. The mountains. The wilderness. the adventure. I want to run into a bear and I want to wrestle this bear. I want this bear to invite me into its den and make me part of the tribe. I want to have a house high up in the trees and I want to eat the birds and the bugs that are up with me. I want to be known as tree mountain man. As people walk by they will look up at my kingdom and ponder my necessities. One day, in my tree mountain castle, I will take a wife. A queen to rule over the mountains and command the bears. Then there will be an uprising of nature. One day the trees will rule again.
I just completed the Survival School course with Dave and his team, and it was an awesome experience.  We spent two one-hour sessions learning the basics of survival, starting with the survival mentality.  The sheer enjoyment the team takes in being outside, and in sharing their experience in the woods, makes this a really positive experience.  They show the wilderness as something to survive in, not something to survive through.  Even as an experienced camper, I learned new information and hands on methods to exist for days in the woods.  Highly recommend.
Henry David Thoreau went out into the woods so that he could live deliberately. Robert Frost, having made his way to the woods, took the road less taken. For my part, I went out into the woods to drink some mountain mocha, learn how to walk with walking poles without thinking about it, and to squeeze the life out of my camping gear so as to fit all of it into the pack. None of which would have been possible without Destination Backcountry Adventures and our wonderful guides Dave and Gregor. In all seriousness (well, not in ALL seriousness, but in MOST seriousness because you can't be too serious about nature and its accoutrements), Destination Backcountry Adventures provides a wonderful experience. I went for a one-night hiking trip with three friends in the Catskills recently. Dave, our guide, the owner of the company, and the man previously known as Day Hike Dave (TMPKADHD), obviously cares a great deal about nature, about his hikers and campers, and about making sure everyone has a great time in a safe and fun way. From the beginning of the trip, Dave and Gregor made sure that we were deliciously well-fed and comfortable. It would have been impossible for us to enjoy nature and to get as full of an experience without the expertise and logistics provided by this company. Beyond that, the whole thing is just geared to be fun. And did I mention delicious? I never ate so well in my life! (note to you: ask about dried mangoes and tomatoes; note to me: ask you to get me some). Bottom line: if you're looking for a guided trip in nature that is fun and trouble-free, look no further than Destination Backcountry Adventures. I'd recommend it. So would Thoreau. As for Frost, I am not sure he would, not because he'd have anything against it, but simply because he was rather the curmudgeon, as I understand.
This was a ton of fun and made hiking very easy. We don't have a car and haven't hiked in ages, but my boyfriend and I saw a deal on Amazon Local and jumped at the chance. Selling point? They pick you up - Manhattan or Brookyn - and drive you to the hiking site, lead you, feed you, and drive you back, with an option to stop for a group dinner before the ride home if everyone in the group agrees. The hike we did, Balsam Lake Mountain, was billed as Easy and it was a little more challenging than we'd anticipated, but mostly because we chose to take a different route down the mountain in order to pass by a natural spring,which took us down a steeped incline than the regular trail would have. The pace was good, Dave is a great guide, and the group stayed energized and happy, largely due to Dave and Lauren who were great. We will definitely go again, are already looking through upcoming hikes!
I'd like to write this review as the full day of adventures and stories are still fresh in my mind.  My gf and I just got back from the Minnewaska State Park tour of two waterfalls and a beautiful lake.  I've trekked all around the world, and I must say that today was one of the most rewarding hikes I've been on.  Not only did we do a gorgeous hike around and above a waterfall, Dave and Mike (the most awesome tour guides) really accommodated the whole group and made sure we had a fantastic time. We had a pregnant lady in our group (who, btw, kicked ass trekking far ahead of myself taking photos of everything), and there was never a time where I felt rushed or overwhelmed. We hit every spot promised on the itinerary, and more importantly, it felt very organic going from place to place at a leisurely pace.  It wasn't meant to be a hardcore hike, but it was just as rewarding for a full Saturday trip. Dave and Mike have wonderful chemistry chatting with each other and engaging everyone in the group to tell little stories and geological facts about each location. From the different color moss on the rocks to the strata and history, they could absolutely answer every question we had.  A few highlights of their crazy antics: Dave and Mike had a little mini snowball fight, Dave jumped into the freezing waterfall lake off of a simple dare, and they shared countless stories about anything and everything (from driving speeding tickets to crazy morons getting hangover from coffee). In list form, here's what stood out to me, and has convinced me to join the tour again: 1) Trust. I don't say this often, but I absolutely trust Dave and Mike are completely knowledgeable and will entertain us throughout the trip. 2) People. Everyone I met on the tour of 12 were extremely friendly and absolutely lovely to get to know better. I want to stay in touch and be friends with these people. 3) Flexibility. I love how the guides were able to read the group and make any minor changes they needed to. Our apartment was on the way to the Brooklyn drop point and he just let us off in front of our place. 4) Good vibes. The guides are super upbeat. This is their passion and they're happy to share the experience with you. That energy is something that can't be taught. 5) Dave. It's very rare to find a hands-on owner that still runs tours and handles customer service. He's truly the face of the company and I always appreciate it when the business/operations/administration work does not get in the way of being involved with the whole purpose of starting the company. DBA has a variety of amazing trips and I'm looking forward to trying all of them. It really feels like I'm a part of a community of fun people that love the great outdoors, and I'm just pitching in for food and gas.  If I had a friend that organized this stuff for me, I'd certainly pay for his meal and a beer,  This is exactly that embodied in their brand.  Certainly looking forward to the next trip!
This is by far the best operation in the 5 boroughs, that will help guide you out of the concrete jungle and into some of upstate NY finest places in nature. I've been on many trips and plan on going on many more.
so glad this exists! love that i can pick a random adventure and someone else will drive me there, lend me a hiking pole, make sure i'm going the right way, take pictures and bring food. went on a day hike to West Kill, Dave and Rit were great guides and i had a blast with the whole group. and thanks for taking us to the fun little farm shop and amazing delicious bbq afterward! wish i had more money so i could go on these trips all the time.
Excellent day out away from the city! My partner had purchased the living social deal for a day escape with destination backcountry adventures and booked for this past weekend. Dave the owner is very personable and is truly passionate about what he does. It's always nice to see people who are actually doing something that they feel strongly about. There was 12 of us on the trip and Dave said that the group is usually smaller. He doesn't like to cram tons of people into a tour, which makes it so much more personable. By the end of the day, we were all like old friends... It was a long day, but well worth it. We got to Minnewaska State Park and hiked for probably like 6 hours or so, stopping at a big rock at the top of the mountain range for a nice lunch. After a full day of hiking, we stopped at an orchard and then had dinner at The gilded otter in New Paltz... ..a very fun escape from the city. I can't wait to do it again. Soon!
Great times despite our tumultuous weather. Spirits of our guides were high, fun and inspiring that we didn't even feel the negative temps. Great food, great help.
Had a great day hiking Mt. Wittenberg with Dave and the rest of the group! Our day got started early with a Brooklyn pickup at 6:30am and ended with a direct drop-off at about 11:00pm. As others have said, Dave has great energy, is passionate about nature and hiking, and seems to really care about every client. Both breakfast and lunch were great. For those wanting a relaxed hike, don't choose Mt. Wittenberg. Taken from a follow up email from Dave, "[we climbed] 8.5 + miles, and climbed and descended 2450' -- the NYC equivalent of walking up Broadway from Battery Park to about 125th St.  While climbing & descending the Empire St building 3 times!!" For those that enjoy the workout, as we did, I highly recommend the climb. We are definitely going to book another trip with Destination Backcountry Adventures.
WOW!!! I feel like there is no other word to describe my trip with Destination Backcountry Adventures. Dave is such a charismatic, personable and resourceful guide who provides a fun and memorable trip. I felt like I was traveling with a group of friends as opposed to a group of strangers. He provides a moderate pace and allows everyone to gain a sense of independence, but he is always there to provide support and advice during the harder parts of the hike. You'll learn so much from him and truly feel like you're hiking with a best friend. The food provided by DBA is great and they're extremely accommodating when it comes to vegan/vegetarian diets. You're doing yourself (including your body, primarily your lungs) a huge favor if you decide to take a trip with DBA. I know I will definitely take a trip with them sometime in the near future.
We had an incredible trip up Mt Wittenberg last weekend. We got great advice on what to bring and had been looking forward to the trip for weeks. We found out about them through Zozi, and they typically run a promotion a season, and we'll definitely be on the lookout for the next one. Our group had mixed abilities, but everyone loved it. Getting to the summit together after 4.25 miles and more than 1200 ft ascent was an incredible moment. Wouldn't hesitate to go back to them again. Ditto what Kathleen said - even though we had a 6:30 pickup on a Saturday, donuts, coffee, and songs had us stoked for the upcoming trip.
It was our first trip to the Catskills.  It was January.  We were a little worried that we'd be too cold or too inexperienced to enjoy the day. We were wrong.   It was a fantastic trip.  Dave is the founder/owner of DBA.  His positive attitude is contagious.  All the guides (we had 3 guides for a group of 10 hikers) were great.  When I was intimidated by a steep looking slope, someone would be by my side with advice and encouragement and I'd succeed every time.  Everyone in our group all successfully climbed Balsam Mountain.   Our only issue was the van was quite crowded with 13 people plus all of our winter clothing and gear.  It would have been nice to have a little more space.   But snowshoeing up the mountain was a great workout, the scenery was beautiful, and the air was clean.  Highly recommended.
My first ever 'official' hike with DBA took place on the first weekend in November - a gloriously sunny and chilly Saturday. Dave DiCerbo and Dave Harris, our Guides Extraordinaire, were welcoming and generous and full of coffee, donuts, and broad smiles at a godforsaken 6:45 AM.  We were able to take shelter in a cozy van, met our fellow Brooklyn-based hikers at 7AM, were on our way to the second pickup in Manhattan shortly thereafter. After picking up the Manhattanites, we all enjoyed a great ride to Minnewaska State Park -  both Daves acting the part of human hiking wikipedias. My only complaint was that I was regrettably way on the back and missed a lot of cool stories and info!  Note to the Daves: microphones and sound system! ;-) The hike itself was amazing.  The Daves are so much in love with Minnewaska, among many other places, that they know the park blindfolded and forged the way to some amazing views.  They also kept close tabs on our group - taking pulse checks on whether we were up for a more challenging hike. I'm proud to say we were and they adjusted accordingly - we hiked about 8 miles around the park which they showed us on the state park map at the end of our adventure, telling us with admiration how much we rocked.   The lunch they supplied had elements of savory, hearty, and sweet: decadent hot cocoa, rich and posh cheeses, the quintessential trail mix, Jiffy Pop popcorn, and good ol' PB&J - yes, freshly 'ground' PB.  Dinner in New Paltz was equally entertaining and fun - giving the group a chance to chat and relive the day. I can in all honesty say it was probably my best Saturday of 2011. Thank you, DBA.  I so look forward to spending more winter weekends on the trail...
Despite the crazy early pick up time (not a morning person), our guides actually had me in a good mood by the time we were halfway to our destination.  Wasn't sure what to expect, but it was just a van of about 12 people, including our 2 guides and a  couple "apprentice" or part-time guides.   We hiked around Lake Minnewaska in the Gunks and I had a fantastic time.  The guides have perfected their hikes and its clearly important to them that hikers have the best experience possible.   From purifying water in the stream to make hot chocolate, to supplying coffee in the van on the ride up--things have been really thought out. Looking forward to future trips--snowshoeing next, I think!
Booked my best friend's bachelorette party with DBA and we had the BEST time! Dave and Joane were so friendly and fun, they were like old friends! Minnewaska State Park was breathtaking and Dave knew all the most beautiful spots and viewpoints. He is so knowledgable about everything from rocks to salamanders! Yoga with Joane was relaxing and refreshing and you can't beat the scenery! I can't emphasize enough how great this team is! Can't wait for another adventure very soon!
I did the back country yoga day trip and had a great time. We were picked up on time and offered donuts and (much needed) coffee on the ride up. We did an awesome yoga class by the lake and then did a short hike to a waterfall where we ate a lunch that Destination Backcountry Adventures provided (and carried for us, thanks!). It was simple but good stuff: crackers, hummus, bread, veggie chips, trail mix, charcuterie, and cheese. After an optional guided meditation, we hiked back to the bus and stopped by a farm stand on the drive back. Mmmm fresh fruit. Overall, I was satisfied with the experience. The guides and yoga teacher were really nice people. Great personalities and attitudes. The trip also went very smoothly and they seemed well organized. My only wish was that we could have hiked more! But my opinion may be in the minority on that one haha. Will definitely be doing one of their trips again!
I went hiking to Minnewaska two weeks ago. It was beautiful day and we enjoyed a lot. I am not that hiking person, but DBA people were professional and they care people. The foliage and scenery was awesome and it was interesting to hear the story of nature from them. This time, it was a small group but it will be fun to have more people to socialize with fresh air as well. I am planning to go camping again with DBA when spring comes. I am already excited to imagine. If you like to get out of the city and experience memorable outdoor activity, DBA will be perfect for you!
I purchased a deal on Zozi and signed up for the Catskill High Peaks Loop trip, which is an overnight camping and hiking trip through the Borroughs range. I have done a few hikes (not overnight, though) through Living Social and, as a point of comparison, the Destination Backcountry Adventures trip was a bit more intense. My friend had to cancel at the last minute and this was my first true backpacking experience, so I was intimidated going in to this trip, but everything worked out really well and I had a great time. The trip was 8 hikers and 3 guides, including Dave who may be the most enthusiastic man on the planet. Everyone got along really well and had a great time. Dave is really good about having options so that he can tailor the hike based on the group's ability and make sure everyone is comfortable. Our group hiked all three mountains at a pretty fast pace. I was definitely challenged, but felt supported the entire way. For the foodies - Dinner at the campsite (steak, chorizo, and jambalaya) hit the spot after a full day on the mountain and we stopped at an amazing BBQ place to celebrate the end of the hike on Sunday. I would definitely do another trip with them.
Tamara and I had an amazing time on our Day Adventure Could not have asked for a BETTER TOUR GUIDE then Dave. We had a nice tight group of amazing, eager, and adventurous individuals. Some on their first adventure and some on there 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and so on. Each person I encountered on the trip was helpful and wonderful. Did I have a great time? YES. Do I plan to book more day trips? YES! Will I tell all my friends and co-workers to check out this amazing place for an adventurous time? YES! Dave you are truly an inspiration because you took the time to really let us know who you are as an individual and you could have easily just did the tour and that's it. We exchanged so many stories between the whole group that I just want to do another adventure with this group alone. Call me selfish but when you have an amazing time why mess it up by changing it. You also informed us about the scenery, the plants, the rocks, the water, and animals. Told us about your story about you falling and showed us the exact part you fell. Out of that you were able to find your bandana that was left behind after your fall. We all climbed those mountains with your help and guidance and I believe Destination Backcountry Adventures is the best adventure I've been on ever. Only way to top that is to go again. How can I forget the wonderful and exquisite place you took us to after climbing two mountains (Hickory) BEST BBQ I've had to date. I thought climbing the mountains was great in itself but after the dinner it ended the night on a high. Each person enjoyed their BBQ and from now its a must stop after each adventure. Def want to try the feast challenge one day.
This is really as good as it gets!! From the beginning to end, our experience with DBA was absolutely fantastic. Dave and Andrew went above and beyong to provide us with a fun filled, educational and safe hike through Mt Whittenberg! Both of them are extremely knowledgeable and know how to have fun while keeping safety as their number one priority. The food was absolutely delicious...gourmet lunch and dinner while camping!! Unbelievable. It really felt like a joyride through the mountain... I would recommend it to anyone - beginners to experts. it's been one day and I already miss the outdoors! Looking forward to my next trip with DBA!
Took a Catskills, winter day hike, with my 16 year old son to the summit of two mountains. One of which was Panther Mt. Great lunch at the summit on the summit of Panther Mt. Extra impressive considering guides carried everything in themselves. Everything about the trip was top notch. Staff was really knowledgeable about area, and went out of their way to accommodate everyone in the group. Plan on more DBA adventures. Next one will be an overnighter.
An hike in the mountains with DBA s a LIFE experience, more than just a day's getaway.  Super fun, as challenging as you make it, exciting, and well-organized.  You'll be safe (and entertained) under the expert guidance of the staff, and come home with a full belly and a full camera card.  DO IT!  I promise you'll end up beaming with pride and searching for your next fix ;)
Destination Backcountry has a solid five stars for a reason, and truthfully, if I could give them more I would. We're been out with them twice and have more trips coming up. Dave and his crew are not only awesome to be around, but super knowledgable. I was born and raised in New York, but after two trips, Dave had me drinking Catskill water from a rock and filtering water from a stream. The hikes we opted for were strenuous, but the pacing was great and Dave and his crew gave us so much encouragement along the way that the day flew by. There are a lot of options to choose from, and if you're not sure which option is best for you, call. Dave knows the trails inside and out and won't steer you wrong. We're looking forward to many, many more trips with DBC in the future!
We hiked up Indian Head Mountain with Destination Backcountry Adventures and had a wonderful time.  Dave and Craig (the guides) were very friendly.  More importantly, they were incredibly patient and understanding when one of the group had a hard time descending a very steep stretch of trail.  You are in good hands with Destination Backcountry Adventures, and you're guaranteed a great time!
I couldn't have chosen a better group of guides to break me in to this hiking thing! Ive been on two different hikes of two different skill levels (i think the first was Easy, maybe Easy+ --at Mt. Beacon, and the most recent at Rusk Mt. is rated strenuous) and absolutely LOVED them both. I was also fortunate enough to meet two more members of the DBA staff on this last excursion- it was comforting to learn both Lauren and Destiny are just as warm hearted, knowledgeable, and fun as Dave and Mike. I am truly grateful to have had the opportunity to share nature with these people and look forward to many more hikes out into the wild!
My friend and I went on a hike with Dave and Talia (the guides) to Giant Ledge and Panther Mountain in the Catskills last saturday. The trip was really awesome and the guides were really knowledgeable. It started with a pickup from Brooklyn at 7AM and Manhattan at 7:30AM. We were offered donuts, fruits, snack bars, coffee and tea on the van up. We got to the Catskills around 10:45 and started the ascend. Along the way, Dave took time to point out interesting plants and features. We had a pretty diverse group with very different abilities so he made sure to provide sufficient breaks for everyone. There were various viewpoints along the way and eventhough it was cloudy (day before hurricane sandy), the view was still pretty magical. Dave showed us a little spring to refill our water bottles. Lunch was a big spread of cheese, hummus, crackers, bread, tortilla, dried fruits, fresh popcorn (literally freshly popped) and a choice of hot chocolate, teas and coffee (also freshly brewed). After a leisurely lunch where we sat and chat, we started the descend down. It was done at a comfortable pace, everyone went down at their own speed. The last section was done in the dark which was pretty cool for a city girl like me. Dave took us out to this awesome BBQ place in Kingston (where most people shared the group platter- delicious and cheap) before the 3 hour drive home. We got back to Brooklyn around midnight and since I lived in the slope, Dave was nice enough to drop me off at my block. All together, Dave was with us for a whopping 17 hours which is way longer than any other hiking 1 day tours I've been on. And he kept up the energy and enthusiasm the entire 17 hours despite having been up even longer to prepare, carrying a ridiculously heavy pack with all our food up the mountain and having to do it all again for the sunday tour. Terrific value for your money. And the icing on the cake- Dave took loads of pictures which he nicely uploaded and shared with us a few days later so I could just enjoy the hike and not bother with pics. Highly recommend! My friend and I are already talking about doing a snowshoe trip with them when it gets colder.
