Old timers may remember this park as Nellie Blys. Well, the name has changed, but the park is still a great alternative to taking your younger kids or grand children to Coney Island. And, there is PARKING! The day we went, my grand children had a GREAT time, they loved the roller coaster, bumper cars, Scrambler, and other rides scaled for smaller bodies. My only gripe would be that they need to hire more people to man the rides, so that ride operators are not running from one ride to another. Most of the young staff is very nice and patient with the kids, taking care to see that children are safely belted in to the rides. There's a food concession area, some games, and a mini golf course attached to the park. If you're looking to spend a nice day at an amusement park with your young children or grandchildren ,  without the stress and expense of Coney Island, this is the place to go.
My son loves this place. He is addicted. The place is never crowded. Staff is very friendly. They know my son already and always treat him as a buddy. Recommend to anyone with small kids!
We had my granddaughters 5th birthday party here yesterday and what impressed me the most was the cleanliness of the bathrooms and park itself.  The hostess disappeared a few times but showed up to do what she had to.  Other parties at the same time seemed to have more attention from the host so I guess it was just luck of the draw.  The young people working the rides were friendly and helpful to the little ones.  The rides are geared for the under 9 year old with the exception of the bumper cards and a few others.  All in all it was the perfect venue for the party.  Plenty of free parking in the private parking lot and on the street.  Would definitely recommend.
This is a cute, if dinky, little amusement park -- good for toddlers, preschoolers, and young kids. If you're older than about... 9? ...10?... It might be a little underwhelming. Fortunately, I have a three year old, so we had a great day! There are a few cute little rides and some fixed games. The girl at the concessions stand mixing the lemonade is on point. The prices aren't too bad: $25 for ten tickets and most of the rides are either one or two tix. $22 for a P.O.P. bracelet is definitely worth it for a few hours here. Also, they have a parking lot, so parking was free. The staff didn't have much to do, because the day we came was SO HOT there were only about 5 people here. But everyone was friendly and more than willing to help us out. I'll definitely come back here if I think Luna Park is going to be too busy.
Fun place for kids. Rides can use an update though. conveniently located just off belt parkway.
I have nothing but great memories of Nellie Bly. My first ride on a roller coaster was here. My favorite stuffed animal was won here. I discovered I suffer from motion sickness here. My family used to take me to Nellie Bly when I was a little girl, since it was right around the corner from where I lived. They have kid's rides, carnival style games, and miniature golf. Nothing here is particularly new or exciting in the least, but to a kid growing up in Brooklyn, it's heaven. My cousin took her boys there recently and said it has become quite the disaster so I can't, in good conscience, give the place 5 stars, but it will always have 5 stars in my heart.
I remember my parents used to take me here as a kid and I would love it! Great, fond memories of this place. And even though their prizes sucked, I kept them as souvenirs for many, many years. Unfortunately, I went back a year ago and everything was mini-sized. The realization that I was no longer a kid anymore sinked in and all I could do was walk around and try to remember which games/rides I played on and which were new. I was very disappointed by how they took out the arcades section though. They also made the rest of the park smaller, and everything was just.. different. But what bummed me the most was I remember my parents loved that coin game where you enter a quarter (a real quarter) and try to get as many coins (real quarters) to slide out as possible. They would bring a whole bag of quarters just to try to win some money here. And after that, they'll watch my siblings and I knock alligators in the heads with that giant hammer. Such fond memories of my childhood.. very disappointed it changed so much. Pre-adulthood: 10 stars. Reality of the now Nelly Park, through its many changes: 2 stars only. :(
Thank you Nellie Bly, thank you for instilling a lifelong fear of ferris wheels in my tiny little six-year-old brain. It was 19[redacted] and I went on a fabulous day trip to the amusement park with my mom, and my then two-year-old brother.  Life was full of adventure and wonderment up until that day.  I could have or do anything I wanted.  The world was my oyster.  I had big plans, I was going to be the world's first astronaut/artist/veterinarian.  Also, I had just completed the first grade, getting astronomical marks of 100% on all my spelling quizzes and no grades lower than a check plus.  I was the first grade equivalent of that jerk who ruined the curve in your college physics course.  Nobody could touch me. So as a reward for being so clearly awesome, WE WERE GOING TO NELLIE BLY YAAAAAAY!! I know now that I was totally jipped and it would have been way cooler if mom took me to Astroland but WHATEVER. Well, Nellie Bly, from that day forward I was a little punk, beating up nerds and dealing Pop Rocks from my permanent spot standing face toward the brick wall at recess.  Perma-timeout, Nellie Bly, and it's all your fault. First, you crushed my childhood dreams when I realized all the carnival games are a damn scam.  I don't care how much Beer Pong you played in undergrad, nobody wins a damn goldfish.  Not even a crying six year old who desperately wants a pet and has already given you all of her $5.  If you only knew what damage you'd do to the delicate psyche of the children you torment, maybe you wouldn't have done it. But what really sealed the deal on RUINING MY LIFE that day was the ferris wheel ride.  Sure, it was probably a tiny, rinky dink, kids ferris wheel, but let me tell you, it amounted to a three minute horror, with lasting implications. First, they wouldn't let me ride with my mom.  Only two to a car, they said. Somehow, even in my small child's mind, I recognized the fact that it was quite unwise to separate a mother and a six year old.  Even more unwise, would be to separate a mother and her toddler.  It seemed to me, that a six year old and a two year old weigh less and take up less space than an adult, so it should be a-ok for the three of us to ride together. GUESS NOT. So I end up riding with an older boy, how much older I can't remember, but he mustn't have been too old, because he was clearly illiterate. Why do I say that?  Because the sign on the back of the car in front of us said, in no uncertain terms, to NOT ROCK THE CAR.  What did he do?  Yep, he rocked the car.  Rocked it hard.  As if that wasn't scary enough (Hello, the sign must be there for a reason), and I wasn't upset enough about being separated from my family, I have to say I'm pretty sure the operator sensed my fear and decided to test me by keeping my car at the pinnacle of the wheel for a full hour and a half (probably 30s in reality). I can remember it vividly, a large white sign with red letters became visible on the horizon: "BAYSIDE."  In reality, I'm pretty sure it was probably a sign for a fuel oil company, but at the time I thought I had saw straight to the end of the earth. I cried. Thanks Nellie Bly, next time I find myself nervously biting my nails and rocking back and forth in the fetal position, I'll think of you and know that it wasn't all my fault.
Very nice place for kids. My 2 yr old enjoyed it. Only cplsint is one guy was rude wouldn't let my son on even with me. My baby was so upset seeing everyone else go on except him. He could have made an exception. Other workers have, making our experience there wonderful.
Great place for the kids!  I always bring my daughter here she loves it!
As a kid we would go here once in awhile. I always remember saying to myself "man I guess Great Adventure was too pricey this year for my parents." Nelly Bly was an amusement park that may have been entertaining in the 50s...but by today's standards is just a sad looking side show.
A nice place for the a kids birthday party.  Good mostly for little kids: it is a self contained place that has been around for years. Once known as "Nellie Blye," it is clean and safe. My kids always have a good time here.
I used to go here all the time as a child.  They have kiddie rides, arcade games and mini golf. It's a great place to bring the family.  And yes it is still open, usually from the early summer to early fall when the weather is warm.
It was a fun place to go to when I was young.  It was a kid size amusement park in my back yard!  They had roller coasters, bumper cars and miniature golf.  Too bad they shut it down. :o(
You know those childhood memories that stay engrained in your mind forever? For me, this amusement park is definitely one of those memories. I have such fond memories coming here with my parents and brother and sister. We have so many pictures and laughs over this place. We still pass this place everytime we come home via the Belt Parkway. In my mind, this will forever be a place in time where I could just be free, running around and having lots of fun and not worry about life.
Adventurers is a cool low key spot for some family entertainment. I have hosted a birthday party here and also visited frequently for some good ole fun. While Adventures may not cater to all age groups I think it is suited best towards the little kid and toddler group.  The staff is a little less enthusiastic but I think that is typical amusement park behavior especially for a local park.  There are never really long lines for the rides and kids seem to love the time they spend at Adventurers.
Very disappointed with the service. Not planning on going back (ever) again. We had a birthday band which entitled us to rides during the 2 hour birthday. If you think about the gathering and interacting with friends and celebrating with food and cake - 2 hours total sails by quickly, leaving little time for rides or enjoy family vice versa. When we first got our band my husband and I took our baby son to the PONY ride- waited for 20 minutes - only to be turned away and told to come back in a bit bc of maintainence. No problem. We went back to the party and celebrated with family with pizza and carvel. Within 2 hours we gathered our stuff and went back to the PONY ride.  To my dismay, while waiting in the very short pony line, we were turned away by the same African American gentleman who had told us to come back. Here We are holding my baby sweating in my arms and he grumpily told us " sorry you are 9 minutes over the 2 hour limit - can't  let you in it's the policy ".    Meanwhile there were only 3 kids waiting to start with at least 20 open seating but he denied my son the pony ride which he had wanted all along.  But bc we were 9 minutes past we were pushed away. Very angry especially we had wasted 20 minutes at the beginning! If customer service was important to them they would have been taught that there exceptions to most policies - especially in a situation where your machine broke down and you wasted 20 minutes of my 2 hours there.   After spending close to $400 on this birthday party, my family will not patronize this place again and certainly will not ever join a party here again.  In addition, I will also share with family and friends how horrible a place this is - absolutely no sense of customer service.  Thankfully my son joined one ride the whole 2 hours there - the chu chu train.  We were hoping for the pony ride but the people who work there just didn't understand the meaning of putting a smile on a baby's face.   And this starts with management. Management clearly does not value the importance of return customers and the power of word of mouth recommendations and the power of the Internet bc you basically just lost a bunch of customers - at least my immediate family and friends and some of you reading this now.
Love this place.  Have been going here very often when we lived in Brooklyn with my two older kids, it's a fantastic place to throw a kid's birthday party, we did not even buy their package, just bought lots of ticket books, all kids had a blast and then, we bought some platters of cold cuts/salads, etc from a caterere and had the meal portion of the party at home.  There are rides for both big kids and little kids.  We have not gone in years since we moved, but were in Brooklyn yesterday and took the kids there.  The little one enjoyed all the rides, and the two older ones were hanging out with their friends on the Scrambler, the Bumper card, the Giant slide, etc.  One book of 30 tickets was enough for 3 of them.
