I have done two scavenger hunts through Watson Adventures and I loved them both. The first was last year in Greenwich Village and was SO fun. The second was the High Line/Meatpacking District and again, LOVED it. We brought a different set of friends with us on each adventure, but everyone enjoyed the hunts as well. The questions are just the right level of difficulty. No one has to have any kind of previous knowledge of history or anything in the area. The High Line hunt was really fun and ended at sunset (which would've been beautiful if it wasn't so overcast!). We discovered the awesomeness of Chelsea Market and the beauty of the High Line. I would highly recommend these two tours to anyone!
We've done the Greenwich Village one and the Cloisters one. Greenwich Village involves running around and finding things out on the streets and was really fun (though cold in October). Cloisters was in the museum and involved reading placards and looking at the tapestries and was kind of boring. A lot of fun to do with friends. Best team name gets an extra point.
I have done 3 Watson Adventures scavenger hunts now and I've thoroughly enjoyed each of them. My first experience was "Munch Around the Village" where we had to explore Greenwich Village to find answers to questions, while also visiting certain establishments to try their food. My second experience was in the wax museum. - answering questions about the different figures  And my third in the Meatpacking District and on the Highline - just answering questions about the area. Each time I have had a great time.  The questions are challenging, and you really have to be alert to find some of the answers.  Plus it's a great way to see things in the city that you might never have otherwise noticed. Watson Adventures is super organized and all of their staff are really friendly and helpful.  Highly recommended.
Last Sunday, I went on my first scavenger hunt through a company called Watson Adventures and wow, that was one of the most fun 2 hours I ever spent on one activity.  First, some info on Watson Adventures. It's a company that started in New York in 1999 and currently on their calendar are over 40 different scavenger hunts you can choose from.  They have recently started expanding in other metropolitan cities and have now been in LA for a year.  On the LA schedule, there are 13 different scavenger hunts you can choose from.  They take place in a variety of places, from Downtown LA to the Getty Center, the Los Angeles Zoo to the Santa Monica Pier, etc. For the hunts, you have teams of 2 up to 6 people max competing with each other.  Each team is given a list of anywhere from 24 to 30 clues and questions.  This scavenger hunt isn't about collecting objects, but more about deciphering the clues and than writing down the answers to them.  You get two hours to figure out as many of the clues as possible.  For every correct answer, you get a certain number of points. Other rules also must be followed.  For example, your team can't split up and must stay together when figuring out the clues.   That's to keep it fair when you have smaller teams competing against larger teams.  Also, when you're done, the team must arrive on time and together or else you'll lose points.  The winning team gets bragging rights as well as Watson Adventure T-Shirts as prizes. When it comes to teams, you can bring your own team and hunt with as few as two on a team, or they will help you band together with kindred spirits at the start of the hunt. As for the scavenger hunt I went on, it took place at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA).  I was originally on a team of 5, but we added someone who was currently team-less to our group.  We competed against two other teams of 3 people each and  each team was given a list of 30 clues.   During our two hour hunt, we were up and down the 2nd and 3rd floor of the Ahmanson Building, inside the top floor of the Art of Americas Building and also made our way to the Pavilion for Japanese Art and along the way, traveled through countless galleries at breakneck speed.   The clues we were given definitely took a lot of thought and there was many a time, when we felt like headless chickens as we tried to figure out what we were supposed to find at a particular gallery. Along the way, we'd run into the other teams and it became a game of cat and mouse, because we certainly didn't want them to guess a clue that our team already figured out and vice versa for them. Overall, it was so much fun.  The two  hours flew by like crazy.  If you're the type of museum goer that likes to linger over every painting, every sculpture, every art piece, this scavenger hunt might drive you nuts because there's certainly no time for art appreciating.  What you do get though is a great quick overview of what can be seen at the museum, so that later on, when you have more time, you can take a more leisurely tour of the all the exhibits. Unfortunately, our team came in second and just missed first place by 4 points, but still a good time was had by all. Just a few more things to note, tickets must be purchased in advance and your tickets to whatever venue the scavenger hunt will be held at is included in the price of the hunt itself. So if you love scavenger hunts, you definitely have to check out Watson Adventures!
I went to the Murder at the Natural History Museum. About halfway into the hunt, I quickly suspected that I'm not that smart or fast... I didn't have much knowledge of this company or the hunts prior. I found a special promotion through Facebook with discounted rates so I ended up paying only $9 for the cost of admission into the Museum itself, which I've been wanting to check out anyway. There were really no explanations given at the intro, just about 5-6 sheets of clues, codes, pictures, and we're off. The two hours flew by in what felt like mere minutes. It was so intense and fast-paced, there was barely a chance to take a good look around and appreciate any of the exhibits. We were constantly searching for answers hidden in the details.   At the end of the hunt, my earlier suspicion was confirmed. My team finished in last place. Doh! With that said, it was still a lot of fun. The hunt was well organized. The clues were... uhm, challenging. Hmm, I'll bring smarter friends next time. Hopefully intelligence is contagious, and we will WIN! Mwahaha!
I participated, on Valentines Day, in their special couples "Naked at the Getty" Scavenger Hunt.  Thankfully, as it was cold outside, we didn't have to get naked.  The way it works is you're given about 30 questions, which each clue pointing to a specific room in the Getty Center (not to be mistaken with the Getty Villa - which is also amazing).  This allows you to get to see a good amount of the artwork and a feel for the various rooms.   The clues are put in an order so that the next room is close to the one you just came from.  We were both very thankful for not having to run around the whole museum with each new clue.   The clues were really interesting, witty, and often tricky.  There were only a few that I had a problem with (which is rare for me) and overall it was a really fun experience (though I may be biased since we won).   The people running the event were really nice and friendly, but also didn't waste a lot of time and got straight to the point (which I appreciated).  The hunt was 2 hours long, and the time flew. I definitely recommend this either for a group of friends or on a date! Valentines Day - probably with a date...
This is a review of the Natural History Museum Scavenger Hunt. First off, the starting organization left something to be desired.  We were running all over just trying to find the WA people at the starting point.  Whenever we asked museum staff about the hunt, they just shrugged and didn't know what we were talking about.  It took us a good 10-15 minutes to find exactly where we needed to go. Once we finally made it to the right place, they gave us our papers and we began the hunt.  It was a little bit more tedious than I thought it would be.  Most of the clues involved reading a placard and filling in the blank on the sheet. It was fun running around the museum.  I think we had an hour and fifteen minutes of hunting time.   Then we all met back up at the starting point to turn in our sheets and add up the scores.  We certainly thought we would have done better but oh well, it was still fun.   It was quite tiring though.  You're on your feet for two hours and rushing around.  Also, you're not really seeing the museum as you should, so if this is your first time, definitely go back to really take your time and see the rest of it. The $40 seems a bit much but considering that includes Museum admission as well, it's not too bad. I recommend this for a group of friends. We definitely had a blast.
Yesterday my friends and I did the Murder Mystery at the Met. In fact, Amy A and I were on the same team as we went in a team of 6! In general, the idea of the scavenger hunt is to follow a set of clues to determine who murdered the Curator of the museum. You get sent to random galleries and rooms to track down pieces of clues and fill out your answer sheet. At the beginning, we felt a bit crunched for time, but as we moved on things started to go a heck of a lot more smoothly. That is, until my brother decided to 'tie his shoe' and in our mass speed walking endeavor we couldn't find him thereafter. Keep in mind, your team CANNOT split up. So went spent quite a bit of time trying to find him, which to our dismay, we did not. We ended up tracking him down with 2 minutes left or so at the end point of the game. Anyway, as you figure out clues, you are also trying to figure out the over all murder mystery. In our case, we had no idea who really did it, but we still had a good time. The only real drag in my opinion was the fact that it was timed late in the afternoon, 5:30 for us. Thus, once you were finished with the 2.5 hour hunt and answer time, the place was practically closing. Thus, the 40 dollars we spent on going, seemed a little wasteful. Had it been scheduled earlier in the day, I felt like it would have been better. This would have allowed us to actually spend the rest of the day in the museum after having paid to get in already anyway... Also, it'd be awesome if you got a clipboard and a pen instead of trying to write on the piece of paper on your leg/arm/hand or whatever. You obviously can't write on the walls near the paintings etc.
Perfect for a unique summer thing to do that does not involve drinking! (Don't get me wrong, cocktails and outdoor bars are amazing but it's so nice to experience stuff that isn't part of that!) I've been to a few now - Gangs of NY, the one in the Met,  GVillage, Central Park, and WallSt.  My fave was the Wall St one but I think that one might be benched or for private parties only.   It's also been awhlie since I've been on one of their adventures but the MCs who work there are carefully chosen and are really outgoing.  The people who own the place too are really great.  I mean, who comes up with an idea like this? It makes learning history so much more fun about the city you live in! I just wish more of my friends were interested in this!
What an amazing, if not unexpected, time! This past weekend, my boyfriend and I did the Grand Central Station hunt and the two words that first come to mind are FUN and HARD! We met up with the competing teams in a pre-determined spot in Grand Central a few minutes before 2pm. When everyone got there, our "Guide" explained the rules and pretty much sent us off on our own. They give you a card that tells you how to get to the first spot. From there, you're given a sheet that gives you clues to answer a question that you write on the sheet. The hunt has you running around all over Grand Central to answer 28 or so questions in about 2 hours, so you really do have to be quick. Some would say thats annoying, I SAY ITS EXCITING!! Everyone finished the hunt on time (you lose points if you're late) and when we all gathered at the end, the Guide tallied the points to determine a winner. I thought the hunt was super hard and couldn't believe that we got 25/28 correct. I feel like we got lucky getting some of the answers and had to guess on a few others. Turns out, we only finished in the middle of the pack! No idea how all the other groups did so well, but it was fun and challenging and we had an amazing time. They did a great job teaching some of the history along with the hunt. I feel like I know all the ins and outs of Grand Central now, which is pretty cool considering I had never been there before this weekend. Overall it was really just an amazing time and I'll be sure to try one of their other hunts some weekend in the future.
I've done two of these scavenger hunts with friends and family.  A very interesting and fun way to learn about the different areas in NYC.  We did a Central Park hunt and a Greenwich Village hunt. Both were great!  In these hunts, you discover so many things about these places that are kind of well-kept secrets.  Enjoyable! Be careful not to do Central Park in the heat of the summer, though!   Otherwise, I highly recommend it!
Did the Murder at the Getty scavenger hunt.  They said that it is the hardest one, and it was hard, but not that hard.  The biggest thing is the time.  If we had 5 more minutes, we'd have solved EVERYTHING.  As it was, the time you were allotted is what makes it tough.  Honeybuns and I were a group because other people didn't want to join up.   We had a great time, and it was worth the trip!  Next time we'll look for the wizard school hunt or the munchies hunt or the murder at the natural history museum one.
My friends and I did the Murder Mystery at the Met hunt for my birthday last year, which is supposed to be their most challenging hunt, thinking we had it in the bag.  Yeah well we felt like giant morons coming in 6th out of 7 teams and failing.  Miserably, laughably, not even remotely close to solving the mystery despite having most of the answers [by comparison I believe the first 5 teams did solve it].  And considering there were three more teams that had been there at the beginning but not come back by the end, I have no doubt we would have been even lower in rank had they shown up. The lack of skills of our slow-witted trio aside, we still had a good time.  Docking one star only because it's a wee bit expensive but I would certainly try some of the other cheaper [uh, and hopefully less hard] hunts in the future.  It was a good way to spend a few hours, especially since the weather was pretty crappy the day we went so I was glad we went with an indoor hunt.
I recently did the ghost hung at  Washington Square. We met around the arch. We got to chose our teammates (groups of 4, max 6)  and ran off  for the next 2hrs. I gotta admit, it was actually fun walking around looking for clues. Being a fan of architecture, I enjoyed perusing the West Village looking at the beautiful century old townhouses.  I  also liked how they made each group start at a different point of the game so that we weren't all directly competing.   PS: wear comfortable shoes. lots of walking.
Ghostly good time! We went on the ghosts of Greenwich Village hunt on a warm summer evening, and it was so much fun. It was a blast trying to figure out clues while learning about the city. We also got to see the Cosby House as an added bonus (not part of the tour, but nice for pictures and to say you've been) I don't know what else to say without giving out what's on the hunt, just know, whatever tour you depart, it'll be a great time. I will definitely be going back for another. Just remember to bring comfortable shoes, and if you do an outdoor tour at night, don't forget your flashlight. I don't think a standard smart phone flashlight app will be of much use. Oh yeah, and bring your wits, you're going to need them. Competition is tough.
My friends and I participated in the Halloween Time Square Scavenger Hunt.  It was not that great.  The clues were not well written.  The hunt was in Time Square, especially on Halloween Eve, so there were even more tourists, street vendors, and traffic to maneuver through.  Hence, it took more time to get from one place to the other.  We only had 2.5 hours for the hunt.  It was a great exercise walking all over the place. We are New Yorkers.  We wanted to rediscover Time Square and learn something new.  Due to the time restraints, we did not get to look at historic buildings and enjoy the sights. We had joined other Watson Adv Scavenger Hunts before.  We did the Metropolitan Museum scavenger hunt.  Now, that one was awesome and lots of fun!!   Once again, we are New Yorkers and have visited the MET many times, and sadly have taken it for granted.  But through the scavenger hunt, we rediscovered the fun and pleasures of visiting the MET.  If you get the chance, do join the scavenger hunt at the MET.   Overall, we like and enjoy the Watson Adventure. But, will probably select in-door adventures during the cold season.  Save the out-door hunts for nicer and warmer weather. Have Fun. Good Luck!
A lot of fun! I definitely recommend them if you're looking for something different and fun to do, especially with a group of friends. you get to explore the city and learn some stuff.
Do you ever sit around on the weekends and think "Gee... I do the same old thing every weekend. I sure wish I had something different and interesting to do today"? Sign up for a Watson Adventures scavenger hunt! Don't miss out on the fun! I did the murder at the Getty hunt yesterday, and I had SO MUCH FUN!! This was my first hunt. It was fun to do something different with my friends. We really made a great problem-solving team. We lost by only half a point! So close... The clues were challenging, but not too difficult. The two hour time period was just long enough, the hunt moderator was awesome, and there was just enough inter-team competition to be fun but not overwhelming (since I'm not a very competitive person). I think the ideal team-size is three or four people, since everyone has to stick close together to win. We had a team of three, and the winning team had four. Incidentally, the largest team (I think there were six or seven people) had the lowest score. What are you waiting for? Sign up for a hunt! Maybe I'll see you there, since I'll definitely be doing this again. If you've never been to the Getty before, you might want to spend a few hours before the hunt exploring. When you are searching for clues, you don't really have time to enjoy the artwork, so a scavenger hunt might not be the ideal activity for a Getty newbie.
I absolutely love love loved doing the Watson Adventure at the Chicago Art Institute. I thought the whole concept of a scavenger hunt was just genius. The clues were fairly clever and required a bit of sleuthing. Certainly there were times of an "aha!" moment when we figured out the clues. I liked the whole atmosphere that they tried to create, from the fake accent that our guide put on (laughingly and we laughed along) to the entire sordid murder mystery. I do wish that there had been more clues or that it had been a bit harder. I thought the size of the art museum made that scavenger hunt perfect. I know they have a few that involves the whole Loop or another outdoors one. I want to try them, but I feel like some of the involved-ness might be lost if you're trying to traipse around a larger area. That said, all of the other adventures look really fun too. You're not allowed to take any of the materials as you leave, which is kind of a bummer if you wanted to take a souvenir, but understandable as they run several of the same hunts. Our group got a free pass to another hunt as our prize for winning, but it expired before we could go again. I would definitely recommend this to a group of people just looking to explore a museum and have fun.
Eh. We did the one for Halloween at Hollywood and Highland (yay! mini coopers! - okay forget my silly Italian Job references)...and it was okay. not spectacular... just okay. What you do: I'm not really sure why this is called a scavenger hunt? I always think of finding things and keeping them... (you know collecting stuff.. ) but this was more about finding information and answering questions. You basically walk around and read and look for some things... based on this list of questions and riddles that they give you. I didn't find that they gave us enough time... maybe if you really rush... but the way it was set up... it's more like something you do at a more leisurely pace. So eh...
I don't know about the museum scavenger hunts , but the outdoor hunts are definitely not worth the $26.  You're not really hunting anything as they give you the exact street intersections of where to find the answers (things you see on buildings).  I thought it would involve actually finding and collecting things or asking business owners or actors at these points who were in on the jig.  You'd have way more fun creating or downloading your own self-guided tour online (basically the same thing).  PASS!
A perfect activity for a group of girlfriends or family!  We had an absolutely amazing time at the Murder at the Met Scavenger Hunt at the Met museum.  We were completely engrossed for about two hours trying to locate clues and running around the museum.  We did not win, but we didn't even care, nor do we think the prizes (a travel coffee mug, I believe) are worth killing yourself over. If you enjoy a little challenge and are looking for something different to do, I highly recommend it. The staff was great and truly, what a clever idea!
We did a west village scavenger hunt, and what an awesome time!! We did a private hunt with coworkers and it was one of the best things we've ever done. No joke. Most of our events are usually booze based, so it was refreshing to do something a little more interesting (not that there's anything wrong with booze, but there is a life beyond it, too!) This is great for any kind of fun, for team building activities, for interview programs for companies (what better way to see how people interact?). I really want to do one at Grand Central and at the Metropolitan some time soon. Highly recommended.
We came sooo close! Tied for second. We were the first to get back from the hunt, but missed the one question we were iffy on. Damn! We got paired up with a couple of strangers, but we couldn't have asked for better partners. It was a lot of fun and the hunt took us everywhere so we got to see pretty much everything. This wasn't a race so we could have taken the entire 2 hours to look around which is nice. I would definitely do this again, just try a new location around LA or even the next time I visit SF.
Yesterday I did "The Secrets of Old Boston Scavenger Hunt" in...you guessed it...Boston! I thought it was a lot of fun. The questions were more like riddles at times and it took a fair amount of detective work to figure them out. We walked all along the Freedom Trail...everywhere from Faneuil Hall to Downtown Crossing to the North End. I've lived in Boston for over ten years now and I learned so many new things... Definitely will try some of the public hunts in the Boston area as it was an enjoyable experience.
Julie at Watson Adventures customized an Amazing Race style bonding event for my office on the Lower East Side and Chinatown. I spoke to 4 different scavenger hunt companies.  Some of them did not return calls or e-mails and those that did (like Scaventures) were indifferent as in "What city are you in again?  Boston?  (Yawn)." Julie was enthusiastic, responded immediately and asked a lot of questions to find out what my colleagues are into.  She also gave us a great price and even had suggestions on venues for post event drinks and dinner. Unfortunately my team decided to do something totally different for their event this year so we did not get to have our Amazing Race. I'm saving Julie's contact information and hoping we can work with her in the future.  You can reach her at:  julie@watsonadventures.c…
I've gone to most of the hunts that Watson Adventures offers here in L.A. and even made it into the news clip aired last year on ABC7!  So to recap the hunts I've been on:  There's  the LACMA, Santa Monica Pier, Downtown, Hollywood, and the Natural History Museum.   All were such great fun .   The coolest thing about these hunts?  It gets you out and about exploring pockets of the city you may not usually head out to.  The clues and puzzles you have to solve are so clever and witty!  This is great if you love puzzles like this.  Their indoor hunts are very chill but get ready to get a cardio workout on the outdoor hunts!  The outdoor hunts cover way more ground and you're getting from place to place at a pretty fast clip - as was the case for the Downtown Movie hunt.  That was the one and only hunt where my team and I couldn't quite get through all of our clues because you're running from Broadway  to the library and the Omni Hotel to Pershing Square.  I'd have to say that I enjoyed the clues on the Santa Monica Pier Pressure hunt the most.   I did most of my hunting in 2007 and won THREE hunts!  Woo hoo!  My team was genius!  Haven't gone to any hunts so far this year though but I think the only two that I haven't yet been to=o are the ones at the Getty and at the L.A. zoo.  While I've usually done the adult hunts, they also have family versions so kiddies can hunt too.  I know that there are family versions of the L.A. Zoo hunt and the Santa Monica Pier Pressure hunt.   This is a great activity for birthdays to team-building.  As for group sizes, teams of 4 are optimal.  That's the ultimate combination of brains to work with while remaining a manageable size.  If you have group larger than that, break into several groups and it's fun to compete against one another.   The hunts range from $18 to $22 for 2-hour hunts.  You can go to their website and sign up for the newsletter.  There are usually promotions for free hunts every now and again which are great ways to get started with these scavenger hunts.  So give it a go and have fun!
We did the Murder at the Met hunt. It was fun, entertaining, and a good work out. if you wanna do well, you need a group  of 4-5 people with different skills. One must be great at navigating as this museum is quite the maze. The rest should be good at finding clues, and putting bits of information together. If you think you're in for an easy afternoon stroll with a few silly questions tossed in, don't bother, But, if you're really into sleuthing and so are your friends, do it! Also a great way to very quickly see a lot of the museum, then return to your favorite parts once you complete the challenge.
Scavenger hunt at the MET. This was a complete waste of time and money.  The biggest rip off in NYC.  Attention all visitors to the MET, the admission is a suggested amount.  To justify $40+ for a scavenger hunt that consists of a packet of lame questions and admission (which is a donation) is really in fact over $20 per piece of paper.   The staff were miserable.  There was zero acting.  The prize for winning was a 2x t-shirt of Watson Adventures.  Four groups answered all of the questions and the winning pool was picked by best group name.  REALLY?!  $40+ for two sheets of paper, dumb questions and we didn't win an ugly t-shirt because we didn't call ourselves the Silly Sleuths?!?   How do myself & 5 friends get our money back because they do not deserve our collective $200?
We decided on The Getty Murder Mystery scavenger hunt for my bday and it was phenomenal!  We broke up into four teams of 5-6 friends and it took about 2 hours to complete. I found myself really wanting to check out the artwork while we were running around trying to figure out clues.  Btw - wear comfortable shoes if you go.  The staff is great and we can't wait to try another hunt!
I've been on a number of the Watson Adventure scavenger hunts and murder mysteries. The first time I went my girlfriend and I did the Naked at the Getty scavenger hunt as a two person team. Since then, we've done the Natural History Museum murder mystery, the Getty Murder Mystery and the Haunted Hollywood scavenger hunt. The scavenger hunts are generally more difficult than the murder mysteries. You can have a team of up to 6 people and the more people you have looking at the clues the easier it is so bring a couple friends along. It's a great way to spend a couple hours. Remember to wear comfortable shoes, especially for the outdoor hunts. The staff is great and the company also offers private hunts at various locations. At 20 dollars a person per hunt Watson Adventures definitely deserves 5 stars. We won the murder mystery at the Natural History Museum. I'm going to share some sure fire winning strategies. First, there's always going to be a weak link on your team. You know who that is. It's that person that can never keep up with the rest of the group and is always looking at the wrong area for the answer to the clues. If you've done this before and you can't identify that person. IT'S YOU. Cut them loose. Winning these contests is hard enough without the excess baggage weighing you down. Do you REALLY want to win? If so, don't worry about paltry considerations such as friendship or fun. WIN WIN WIN. Second, there's a rule regarding the speed in which you can move. In other words, no running. Ignore it. If you get caught just say you have to go to the bathroom really urgently and squeeze out a little to prove your point. I guarantee you this will work. And if not? what have you lost besides a little dignity? WIN WIN WIN. Be careful though, at places like the Getty they get really ornery when you knock things over (for the love of god it's just a vase, get over it already).
What a great way to learn a little history while having a lot of fun.  Scavenger hunts throughout NYC neighborhoods organized by Watson Adventures are so much fun and inexpensive to boot.  They are a great way to deal with friends and family when they are blowing up the air mattress in your cramped studio apartment for the week.  With hunts organized for adults, families or both everyone will have a blast.  We did ours with friends and competed against some other friends and strangers and had a great time.  We still should have won if only speed counted for bonus points!!
It's convenient for most people that museum admission fee is included in your Watson Adventures event ticket, but what if you're a member of the museum (or other org where the hunt takes place)? As  members of the Museum of Natural History, my family doesn't pay the admission fee every time we visit there. So we shouldn't have to pay Watson Adventures that portion of our ticket cost. It was hard getting them to accept the logic and adjust our price, but worthwhile. We did the "Fright at the Museum Family Scavenger Hunt". It's a fun and educational thing to do with kids. Remember to wear comfy shoes!
A team building event at the Getty Villa turned out to be a scavenger hunt put on by Watson Adventures. I have to say, they did a wonderful job. Within 2 hours I feel like I saw every exhibit and had fun to boot. The clues were clever and in some cases irreverent, but the Greeks and Romans were a bunch of drunk sex crazed people anyways. Penises, breasts and wine make for good entertainment. Cheers to you Watson. I can tell you did your preparations beforehand and the handlers did a great job keeping everyone in line.
My bridesmaids signed us up for a "Bride and Go Seek" scavenger hunt for the afternoon of my bachelorette party last weekend.  It was so much fun!!!  We did photo challenges and challenges where we had to obtain various objects.  The whole hunt was just built for everyone to have a great time.  And our host, Danny, was just so friendly and fun!  Loved Danny.  Thank you!
We joined the murder at the MET public hunt or 2.5 hrs of maddening fun.  Wear comfortable shoes and get ready to run around!  Teams work on a list of 22 questions and start off on different ones to prevent buildup! Be sure to read signs carefully as you search for clues!  We loved the staff but we were disappointed by the amount of time necessary for wrap up because other teams arrived after the time stated as the end.  As others have mentioned we were also sad to learn that we had less than 30 min. to explore the museum before they closed at 9.  I second the recommendation to move the hunt to an earlier time.  Otherwise get ready to have a blast, lots of laughs, and to walk away with a super nice pencil from Watson adventures.
I participated in a scavenger hunt of MoMA this weekend.  It was sceptical going into it, but it turned out to be a lot of fun.  The only negative thing I would say is that the the scavenger hunt definitely makes it so you can't really appreciate the art (which I didn't mind, because I don't like modern art much anyway.)
Just participated in the East Village scavenger hunt in celebration of Watson Adventures' 10th year (and 100,000th hunter) -- so the hunt was free!  But it looks like their regular prices are not too ridiculous. I had a good time and would recommend this for corporate team building, birthday parties or for those who are looking for something to do with a big group that does not involve alcohol or athleticism. As to be expected, it is hard to cram a lot into a 2 hour period so most of the hunt was spent running around and figuring out the clues in a race to make it through all 20 clues.  Therefore, we did not get much time to actually explore and admire the various buildings and monuments that were part of the hunt, which means we did not learn as much as we could have.  Another bummer was that there was no prize at the end for the winning team, but I imagine this was because it was a free hunt.  My friend said her team won a hunt last year and received Watson t-shirts.  And finally, because it was such a beautiful day, there were a ton of people outside -- some of whom were drinking (it was 4PM on a Saturday) -- who were curious as to what a group of girls with papers in their hands were doing outside various landmarks.  Many decided to talk to us and try to "help" us figure out the answers and were usually very wrong.  So we had to dodge a few characters but it made the hunt all that much more amusing (ah, New Yorkers, gotta love 'em). One caveat -- wear comfortable shoes!  I ignored this fact because I was anticipating a night out and suffered immensely.  The hunt involves 2 1/2 hours on your feet and you're not going to want to wear your cute shoes doing it.  Sneakers probably work best. Definitely a great way to learn about the various neighborhoods in NYC!
I had wanted to try Watson Adventures and an opportunity came up through one of those deal discount emails so I jumped at it. This particular hunt  was the "Lost New York" hunt, I think, which allowed participants to explore the battery park/wall street areas.  I knew that due to this being a promotional event, there's going to be a lot more people than normal.  While I give the staff credit for pulling it off, it was definitely not smooth sailing. Upon arriving at 1pm, the staff (about 4 people) did not let you check in because they were still organizing themselves.  After about 10 minutes, some 100 people all decided to check in at once.  Suggestion to the staff: either get organized earlier and let people check in as they arrive so they're staggered or just ask one person from each group to form a line and check in for all of you.  Check-in consists of filling out a form with everybody's name and signing a release form.  Oh, props to the staff for actually having a list of names so I didn't have to bring the receipt. The participants seem to be evenly broken down between college aged kids and a much older crowd.  There even seem to be several groups of tourists in the crowd.  When they handed out materials to groups, you were paired up with other small groups if had less than 4 people.  I think one of the biggest issues is that I would've much rather been given the opportunity to pair up with a group of our own choosing rather than be "assigned" a group (usually the smaller group that checked in before/after you).  While our group worked out well, I can also see how this could be a disaster - if the whole purpose of the adventure is for the experience, don't you want to give your customers every opportunity to enjoy themselves? Because of the large number of people and groups, the staff sent out the teams in 2 waves, so we didn't actually begin our 2 hour hunt until half an hour after the scheduled time.  The clues consisted of 24 questions and took you everywhere from battery park to the WTC.  While a few of the clues were commendable and fun, the majority of questions are answered by reading placards and signs.  Fun.  In addition, some of the locations were blocked off by events and construction so it truly added to the craziness as 10 groups of people continuously ask the police officer/security guard what George Washington named his pet penguin or something equally ridiculous.  A few of the questions were also so poorly worded that none of the teams got it right.   At the end of the hunt, you turn in your answer sheet for the staff to grade.  Wrap up was quick (~10 min).  Winning teams were announced along with the best team name.  The staff has a dorky sense of humor so what they pick isn't always the popular vote just in case you're gunning for that Best Team Name prize.  I've done several of the adventure/explorer activities in the City and I can't help but feeling like this particular adventure is similar to your history teacher creating a field trip to force you to read plaques and learn questionable pieces of historical trivia.  For example, sure it was interesting to learn where the scars on the JP Morgan building came from but why do I need to know what the Governor's favorite tavern dessert was? None of the questions actually required more than 1 person to solve (I think groups are for saving materials) nor required actual thinking.   I'm glad I got to try this as I don't think I'll be paying regular price for a hunt any time soon.
I participated in the "naked" scavenger hunt at the Brooklyn Museum on Valentine's Day, and it was a really fun activity to do with my fiancé. Since we're both Type A kind of people, things were a bit touch-and-go as we sniped over the interpretation of the hunt questions, but in the end, we both loved engaging with the museum's exhibits in this way. I think I'd recommend that you go with a group, because the hunt would have been even more fun with 4 people or so.
My first hunt with them is the Murder at the Getty in March.  It was completely in doors and the clues were fun and moderately challenging.  I had wished that the clues would have more to do with the details of paintings or scultures themselves, rather than description.  Nonetheless, we have a great time and the price ($20 plus parking) was reasonable, and I will definitely pursue another hunt with them soon.
I really had no idea what to expect but this was super fun.  Check out the Grand Central hunt!  It was challenging yet not too impossible and the perfect length of time (not too long, not too short).  I would do another with a group for a birthday or whatever occasion again.
If you live in the Tri-State area, or are visiting NYC from anywhere, you should check out the scavenger hunt tours from Watson Adventures. I went on one this weekend in Greenwich Village - with a haunted house theme - with my wife and 7 year old (children are REQUIRED for this tour) and we had the best time. The guide, who met us in Washington Square Park, was very nice and engaged our daughter as she sent us on our way throughout GV to find the clues we needed to find in a 90 minute timeframe. (You are not looking for objects you collect, but rather landmarks that answer questions you are given.) Price is $18 for adults and $12 for kids - a bargain in an expensive city. watsonadventures.com.
Did the ghosts of Greenwich Village Scavenger Hunt with a group of 8. Some of the questions were pretty challenging but I was disappointed that there were no surprising moments during hunt, i.e., people popping out unsuspectingly or going into creepy places. Team wanted to complete hunt which took us over 2 hours so we missed round up which would probably have been fun. Interesting trivia included for each stop. Wear comfortable shoes as you'll be walking for at least 1.5 hours. Majority of people enjoyed hunt but I think we would have had more fun on the museum murder mystery. Helena P
We did the family tour at The Met, myself and two teenagers, including one who is "too cool" for everything. Nothing like the spirit of competition to get even the most reluctant kid excited about spending time in an art museum. It was nice for the kids to be able to get into the search, look for detail in the various works of art, and think through the clues. It was a good way to see several areas of the met in a short period of time (about 90 minutes), and afterward you are free to go back and explore without an agenda.  The clues were tricky enough that they required thought, but not so tricky that they couldn't be solved with a few minutes of discussion amongst themselves.  My kids came in first place and won a little prize, and more importantly, bragging rights, which they soaked up. I enjoyed stepping back to let them take the reigns on the hunt, maybe as much as I enjoyed the museum itself. I would do another Watson hunt without a second thought in the future, we really had a wonderful time. In terms of planning, I booked about 2 weeks out, and it was full a few days later, so plan accordingly.
I don't really get the five stars.  I'm giving it 3 stars because it was "A-OK" and just based on this scavenger hunt alone, I'm not really all that excited to go on another one.  We went on the Downtown LA scavenger hunt and it was just ok, nothing spectacular.  I've been on a Race LA race in Downtown LA and it was similar but more challenging than this one.  The Race LA race felt more like a race than this one did.  I was not a big fan of the host of the event either.  He didn't take into account the late teams who arrived, who were supposed to get 2 points off for each minute late.  We actually ran back because we were scared we were gonna be late, but if we knew that he wasn't care if we were a few minutes late, then we could've had time to figure out one of our answers.  He also brushed off our rebuttal to an answer for a question that we think could've had more than one answer (or they should reword the question).  We got third place.  I guess I'm pretty competitive and that's why I'm mentioning these things, but overall, it was fun doing a scavenger hunt with friends! =)  And maybe it was just the downtown one that was just ok - the other hunts may be more fun?
I did the murder mystery at the Getty and it was fun, but very easy. Everyone is put into a team and given a sheet with the background story and clues. You get two hours to search the Getty for answers to the clues. After all the clues are answered you put them together to find out who is the killer in the story. Overall it was fun because some of the clues had background information about the paintings exhibited and you get to walk around and enjoy the Getty at the same time. There aren't points for being the first to be done, you just have to complete answers on time...so it would have been better if they made it more competitive and more challenging. Our team had a perfect score and tied for first. We had to do a tie breaker in which we sadly lost. They have other scavenger hunts which are supposed to be more scavenger-y. I would look out for those more if you are looking for something more exciting. The Getty murder mystery was more of a relaxing but fun adventure.
Recently did the ghosts of greenwich village hunt. It was a fun unique way to explore the city, do something interesting on a friday night and interact with strangers.  The price was reasonable, the staff were very nice and although Im a native new yorker, i learned and saw something new about my city.
Group of friends and I did the Murder Mystery at the Getty. SO MUCH FUN!! It's a great way to see the museum in an interesting, new way. The clues were done well, some challenging, some easy but overall a good balance. We had more than enough time to get through everything. Overall, highly recommend. Thanks Watson Adventures!!
