It was my 40th birthday and my brother took me on an all-inclusive trip to NYC.  I was expecting some cool bars and fun shows, but what I got was nothing short of amazing.  I found myself in the middle of 'the Game'.  If you haven't seen the famous movie starring Michael Douglas and Sean Penn, do yourself a favor and watch it.  This movie answers the question, "What present do you get for a guy who already has everything?"  The answer of course is:  An Experience of a Lifetime.  MOVIE SPOILER ALERT:  In the movie, Michael Douglas is unaware that he is playing a Game and he thinks everything is real.  At the end of the movie he takes his own life as his life as gotten so bad, but 'the Game' protects him.  It is only at this point that it is revealed to the audience that the entire thing is a game.   The Accomplice for me was exactly that experience.  I was the star of The Truman Show while playing the Amazing Race, and I was totally unaware what was real and what wasn't.  The scene takes place all over the streets of New York City and the actors were absolutely brilliant.  It took me quite a while to figure out that I was playing 'the Game', but once I did I really had a hard time differentiating reality from fiction.  At one point I got into a near brutal altercation with a bicyclist on the streets of NYC.  I was convinced he was part of 'the Game' but as it turns out, it was mere coincidence that he was threatening me and verbally assaulting me.  Even after the experience I still thought he may have been an actor, but he wasn't! The actual actors in the Accomplice are very very good.  They're so polished.  Why go sit in a theater to watch a Broadway show when the Broadway show can come to you?  These men and women were so good at interacting with us that they brought out all kinds of emotions in me from sadness to jubilation to uncontrollable laughter.  No matter what I said or did during their performance, their responses were witty and thought provoking. My only advice is to do this with a small group of people; in a larger group it wouldn't have been as much fun-- It was just my brother John, his wife Jennifer, and I.  It was the perfect sized group for this. Bottom line, this is an experience of a lifetime.  It is truly amazing and if you're ever in the area there is nothing that can compare to this experience.   My new answer to the question, "What DO you get for the man who has everything?" The Accomplice.
My friends and I originally signed up to do the Downtown location but it was somehow double booked for an event, so we had to change our plans and do the Village location instead. Without giving anything away, I will say it wasn't quite what I had hoped it would be. The Village location is the shorter of the two events, lasting not quite 2 hours. I guess it depends on how quickly you "solve" the clues, but 2 hours is generous. You interact with a handful of actors (that was fun - one of them was really great) and store clerks (sadly too eager to help you get to the next spot and not very enthusiastic about being involved) throughout the process. You end up spending most of your time (about 80-90%) just walking from place to place for your next clue, so if you aren't a native NYer then it might be more fun since it allows you to see the city on foot and have to navigate the streets on your own. My group was 5 out of the 10 people and we all live in NYC. There were 2 NYU students and then 3 tourists in town for the holiday weekend. So we knew where to go without really any issue making that part of it not challenging. I guess my main gripe with the event is how easily you were handed each "clue". It really took no sleuthing, so perhaps it is that way to appeal to the lowest common denominator in a group (i.e. families with young kids if they sign up?). There was only one actual physical puzzle and apparently my group was like a tank of piranhas attacking it and solving it in under one minute (later the Accomplice team told us we were one of the fastest groups they had seen solving that part). I would have liked it to be more challenging - solving actual mysteries or entering places and really having to dig for clues - more sleuthing if you will. (I have done one of the Escape The Room events and found that to be far more satisfying from a puzzle/clue solving front.) It certainly was a different way to spend an afternoon, but for about $70/person I had hoped it would be tougher and less hokey. That said, it sounds like the Downtown location has better reviews, so perhaps being set in an older area and dealing with a mafia-style theme is more interesting and intense.
Accomplice The Show is a Scavenger Hunt experience for decent size groups who work together to solve the mystery.  Our particular Hunt took place in Downtown Manhattan covering such areas as South Street Seaport, China Town, Little Italy, Brooklyn Bridge and everything in between. Basically the Company gives you certain tasks of meeting individuals and traveling by foot around those areas mentioned above while laughing your butt off in between.  I really don't want to give the show away but I can tell you its a unique experience and you will laugh all the way through it.  The price is right and I will never forget this amazing day. Thanks Accomplice The Show!
Did the greenwhich village show yesterday for my birthday. It was a lot of fun. I don't want to give away any details but essential you do a good amount of walking around the village and have to find people and clues to solve the goal. I would say the whole event took about two hours.  If you are into scavenger hunts and fun I recommended doing this. I am definitely going to do the downtown show. We didn't have enough people to fill the twelve people  group, but I recommended trying to go with only your friends, because we had a few random people. They were very nice, but I know it would of been more fun if it was just our friends in the group.
The Accomplice Village show was a bit of a disappointment - it was 90% walking from place to place (with pretty explicit directions), with a dash of interacting with actors (who were largely great) and 1 puzzle. Having done the relatively more involved Escape game, I expected a little bit more depth - because of the simplicity, this one might be targeted to families with small children? I'm told the longer NYC variation is better.
This is a five star performance, well thought our and all the characters are into it, believable and fun the entire three hours. You are sent on one exciting adventure after another. Hats off to the brilliant creators, should have one in every city!!!
Love this show. It is so properly organized, very interesting and is a great fun. Highly recommend.
Awesome time. Great actors, lots of surprises, lots of fun! A great way to explore the city!
Um, yeah. Why are you reading this review when you should have already gotten your tickets and gone to Accomplice?! Go! Now! We did the show in the village and everyone absolutely loved it. The actors are phenomenal, the clues fun, the whole things brilliant. We are a diverse group: 30-something NYC native, 30-something upstate NY native, 17-year-old Dutch exchange student, 18-year-old American student, 18-year-old Norwegian exchange student and all of us had fun. Here's the one gripe (but not even enough to remove a star). We were given beer/hot chocolate for the girls and apparently we were supposed to pound this because at some point we got a call from the producer. She was rude to one of the girls. When she called back I answered and she was also rude. I explained we had a language barrier and hearing disability. She didn't get it. When my husband offered feedback (skip the drinks or have the actors push you out the door) she was not receptive and told us what we "should" have done. Part of the issue is that we were the first crew of the day. Since I am from here and just as much of a bitch, it didn't bother me but I could see other people talking this up less after her behavior. A simple: get through this as quickly as possible would have changed our pace. We'll do the other show next time we're in town, we'll talk this up to everyone we know and we'll cross our fingers that other shows/cities become available. Great way to spend a few hours in NY.
We did the village show as a big group this past weekend.  i think we were expecting to 'solve a mystery' but it was more about following directions which is why im not rating it higher.   we definitely had fun though. Pros - - get to check out some random cute places in the village - price includes 2 drinks - fun way to spend time outdoors doing something random - actors were great and fun to interact with - the one puzzle/clue was fun to do Cons - not enough things to solve, more about following clear directions - timing was strange, one guy told us to slow down, 10 mins later i got a phone call from the accomplice people telling me we were running late and should hurry up.
This is a very late review (Feb 2011) but since I still rave about this experience I should share with my Yelp community.  I attended the Mystery at the Museum @ the Museum of Natural History.  I don't believe this is available at this time, but if you ever have the chance to participate you definitely should!  You get taken to areas of the museum that you typically cannot enter, and the scavenger hunt is very real and exciting. One of the +'s is that you're in small groups of approx. 10 people so you don't feel like you're lost in a crowd.  You do enter areas with regular museum goer's but that's the fun part - asking people silly questions and gauging their reactions/responses. Enjoyed the experience - would definitely recommend this show, or any other with the Accomplice.
My wife and I did the Accomplice: New York (Downtown) show last Saturday, and it was awesome! We were only in Manhattan for a couple of days to celebrate my wife's birthday, and we wanted to do something different from the standard "dinner and a Broadway show." We heard about Accomplice New York a few years ago, and we've always wanted to try it. And we're glad we did! We loved the interactive experience that combined drinking, a scavenger hunt, a walking tour, comedy and surprises at every stop. We highly recommend this experience for anyone that wants to see NYC in a new, fun and exciting way and we'll be telling all of our friends and family about it!
My team and I did Accomplice NY on Friday afternoon and everyone loved it. It combines a scavenger hunt with a Pub crawl and interactive theater. The actors are hilarious and really make you work to find them/the next clue. You have no idea who is in on the fun and end up meeting strangers along the way. Also, it's a great way to see different parts of the city you might not otherwise. I would highly recommend accomplice NY to anyone looking for a fun, unique activity in NYC. Lastly, the activity is best when you have a big group. We had 5 people in ours and then a couple we didn't know. I felt like the couple was a little bit left out because we all knew each other so think the more people in your group, the better.
This is just awesome.  The best in the business.
It's always a tremendous experience when you are hesitant about something and then it turns out to be killer.  Well, that's what happened last weekend when we participated in "Accomplice New York".  Key word here is PARTICIPATED.   "Accomplice New York" is part game, part theater and part tour, Accomplice: New York is a theatrical experience unlike any on Broadway, taking its audience on an actual interactive journey through the streets of New York City. We spent a good three hours on this journey with a group of 11, usually it's a group of 8 but we had a couple of last second additions.  I can't wait till they expand to LA!  Their next stop.....
I'm usually one to kiss & tell (or in the case of yelp, experience & tell), but I'm sworn to secrecy on this one. I'll give what few details I'm at liberty to give... BFF & I did the downtown tour. Part of the suspense was not knowing where to meet until the day before. Tour was three hours long--be prepared to cover a few miles (maybe 2-3?) in that time. We had 10 people total in our group. Accomplice is part city tour, part scavenger hunt (clues! I love clues!) & part theater (that you are an interactive member of!) You will meet some funny, interesting characters, so have fun & do like the other yelpers before me said to do--wear comfy shoes! Highly recommended!
Accomplice... so great... so fun! What is Accomplice? 1) Tour - I've done both Accomplice shows (New York - which covers downtown Manhattan) and Village (covers Greenwich Village) 2) Game - reminds me of Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?  One clue must be solved in order to get to the next clue. 3) Show - good fun entertain.  Not sure who is part of the show and who isn't. Audience: Each show is a group of 10.  Get your 9 favorite friends together and join in on the fun.  Stragglers can go and join an existing group.  The best group should comprise of 1 or 2 local New Yorkers and a few that are out of town. Average age that I saw on both tours were mid-20s to 30s. The show can also be good for work / corporate environments as it is a really good team building exercise. Thoughts: I personally prefer the Downtown Manhattan one.  My younger bro prefers the Village one. Tips: 1) Wear very comfortable walking shoes 2) Get tickets on a sunny day (rain or snow wouldn't be as fun to walk around without proper gear) 3) Both times, my friends and I did the last tour of the day - got to meet the cast.
Accomplice is part scavenger hunt, part show, part tour, all fun. Without giving too much away, it's a great way to see some of the city on foot and learn some history, albeit mostly made up. Tips- Wear comfortable shoes and clothing.  Our tour got a little hot along the way and you will be walking a lot. Play along, it makes it so much more fun. Take the last tour of the day, you'll get to meet the cast and hang out with them when you're done. Eat first.  There are no pit stops on the Village Tour. Tidbits- Would be a great work bonding activity. You do get a couple of free beverages with your ticket price (ours was a beer and an iced coffee drink). They just started Accomplice LA which Neil Patrick Harris is involved with...must make road trip.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED My fiance and I experienced this phenomenon back in the summer of 2010 and it is one of the most amazing things we have ever done in NYC. We actually ended up making 3 friends who we are still in contact with. :) The first Accomplice we attended with 2 friends, that was the Downtown version. Our second Accomplice was the Village hunt. I enjoyed the Downtown version a bit more, but both are excellent and deserve more than 5 stars. I don't want to give much away but the actors are AMAZING!!! This is fast-paced and exciting. Terrific to experience with a group of friends. Wear sneakers, comfy clothes, and bring tons of water bottles on a hot day. You may end up running during some portions. I found discounted tickets through goldstar.com/events/new-… ($32.50 instead of the $65) but even if you paid $65 you'd be getting your money's worth. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
We worked with Accomplice for a work event last week. All I can say is WOW. Without giving everything away (and ruining the experience) you get a scenic tour of lower Manhattan, a scavenger hunt for clues and people around the city and an overall enjoyable experience. Great for corporate events our a bunch of friends from out of town. Definitely suggest doing it on a warm day with an appetite for some laughs and a few cocktails on the way.
My Husband took me on the Village tour as a surprise on my birthday.  We LOVED it.  We refuse to give away more then the basics because we feel reading too much will ruin the experience.  Wear comfortable shoes as you will walk about 3 miles during the 2 1/2 hour tour.  Interact with your group, it's way more fun.  This is not a bar crawl, we had 1 drink and 1 coffee / cappuccino.  I highly recommend this for visitors and locals, we never would have been to these places had it not been for the tour.
My friend and I received our handsome reward after about three hours of running through the vibrant neighborhoods of mostly downtown New York City with nine strangers. We evaded the Feds. We avoided the cops. We sought out anyone who looked like they could possibly have information for us. We talked to strangers. We received keys and played casettes. Accomplice is one of the best times I've had trolling around the city. It's like a show, but we were in it. It's like a tour, but we were giving it. So was Uncle Annoyance, who had his niece with him, and as one of the gals from PA said, he was not a team player. The weird thing was that when we got clues, the people would hand them to him. He was the only guy in the group, so maybe they felt badly for him, but soon enough, the women from the midwest and the women from Canada took over. We had a German tv camera crew following us around for portions of it. That was kinda cool. At the end, we were told we could be interviewed by them. Fred and I went to be interviewed, but Uncle Annoyance was directing his niece to get the interview, hand over her card, and talk about how it was going to be all over Austria. We went back inside. They never came back in to laugh and rehash the stories of the day, and how we probably looked like fools half the time. One guy who was not with the show had been following us. The midwest women called him Ed because one of them thought he looked like a guy from one of the Bachelor shows--could be Bachelorette. Turns out he's a friend of one of the people who runs it, so he wasn't involved, but we kept seeing him around, and at one point, he took pictures for us. We got a beer and then a snack with some wine. That was all good. At the end, we had another drink (bought it) and the bartender had an Australian accent. Yippie! Unfortunately, I can't tell you much more. I'm dying to divulge every intricate detail of our day. I really do want to tell you. However, if I do, I could lose my head. So if you want to know what exactly went on during our aiding and abetting, you'll have to check it out for yourself. Get a ticket and go. You'll thank me afterwards. As for all the actors and production crew involved, Bravo! A standing ovation! Very convincing. Very entertaining. Phenomenal improv. Brilliant brilliant brilliant. Thanks for a fantastic day!
We had such a great time doing Accomplice:  New York on Sunday afternoon!  The actors were fun and just hilarious.  We were probably the slowest group ever, but we had an absolute blast. As others have mentioned, it was a ton of walking, but we went through really cool areas and basically laughed the entire time.  Seriously, wear comfy shoes.  I cannot stress that enough!  They do give you some drinks and snacks along the way, which is helpful.   You work in groups of ten, and I can see this being a fantastic birthday jaunt.  My group of three worked with a larger group (a family of six) and still had a great time.  I can see the benefit of making your own group, though.  That way, you would know the dynamic would be fun. This review is a bit skimpy, because I really don't want to give too much away.  If you're looking for something fun, silly, and different to do I really would suggest booking Accomplice.
Wanted do something different (not too touristy).  This was a great find.  It really was a lot of fun.  A bit cheesy as others have said but the people are all great and lot's of fun.  Super smart idea! You will walk a lot, so keep that in mind.  But it's New York and you will walk everywhere :-)  Take your camera, you will meet "characters" on the way.  It really is not the best for anyone under 16 in my opinion unless they are mature.  My son is 18 and thought it was really cool.  Next time we will take the Village version.  We did the lower Manhattan version.   We were paired with some other people and it would have been better if we were with people we knew.  But most of the people in our group were really friendly and fun (many were locals - which came in handy).
AMAZING TIME!!! I really thought this was going to be wack and waste of time but it was soooooooooo much fun!!! I did it for a friend's birthday and really enjoyed it. I usually don't like to be messed with, but this was so funny and kinda cool along the way to put clues together. These people NEVER came out of character which made it even better. I would definitely do this again!
Highly recommended! My friends and I (me and my 5 friends from NYC..a  group of nerdy gamers!) did this during my recent trip to visit them. we explored the Village. Definitely something you should do with a group of friends instead of with a group of strangers. Definitely have someone who is less shy in the group. It involves approaching random strangers and talking to them. So it's not for the introverted/shy. And of course, remember details... but that is the fun part as a group of friends.   We got to walk around the village, met some interesting actors, saw some interesting stuff along the way and was apart of the storyline... and had 2 drinks included! Only critique: For the Village one, we felt the theme and the ending was thrown in randomly. The starting part of it was great... but the ending was a bit weak for a storyline.
Review is for Manhattan version - It was fun, but as you went along you could tell it was a bit fake and cheesy.  While in it it's enjoyable, but the second you get out of it you feel kinda. . .yeah.  The key is just to go with it, predrink if possible, and be ready to walk it out. The other people are right, you'll walk 2+ miles easily.  New York knowledge is not necessary, having a pen and paper is useful though.  And you'll end up (little Italy) about 1.5 miles from your start point, so keep that in mind for transportation -  to get back to where you started, it's 2 subway transfers, a long walk or a big cab ride.  And they are not joking that it will take 3 hours, that is legit.  When we went the people were mostly upper 20s-low 30s, couples and friends together, pretty cool group. You can often get discounted tickets for it, try Goldstar.com or look for coupon codes.
Went with a group of friends and family. Awesome time. Very unique, highly recommend. Also recommend filling the group (10 people) to avoid having to "share" the fun with strangers.
me and a friend did accomplice west village yesterday. It was a gorgeous, perfect for ambling around. I'm terribly at the cloak and dagger stuff so I will refrain from giving any details but suffice it to say that Yvette W. above is totally on the mark about the characters and acting being over the top. Still, this is a fun and different thing to do in the city. Definately give it a try with out of town friends.
I've done both Accomplice: The Village and Accomplice: New York and LOVED it! It's a great thing to do in the city with your friends. Accomplice is "part game, part theater, and part tour" as stated on their website. It's 3 hours long and you're not given much information prior to the event - just a meeting place. The best part of it all is you don't know who is in on it and who isn't so you start looking suspiciously at everyone on the street. The actors are great fun. No worries about getting hungry along the way since there will be stops at bars and restaurants along the way. I wish they had more than just the 2 - I would totally go again! Definitely if ever I'm in Hollywood, I will be doing the one over there! Tickets are $65 (Accomplice: New York) and $55 Accomplice: The Village). Not too bad considering the actors involved as well as the restaurant stops/snacks. The brother/sister team that started Accomplice, who you meet at the end along with the actors, are very friendly and personable too! Great fun! TIP: Wear comfy shoes since you'll be doing A LOT of walking! No Metro cards needed since no subways are used.
I was so looking forward to this experience, but sadly it was a disappointment. There was really no story, no mystery, no intrigue and no surprises except one at the very end. It's basically a three hour walking tour with a few stops to pick up semi cryptic instructions along the way. The characters in the play were way over the top and unconvincing, the "writing" was cartoonish and lacking in concept or premise. I was also turned off by the use of a sure to be doomed live animal as a prop for one of the sequences. It's a great idea, but the execution is lacking.
My husband is IM-POSSIBLE to buy gifts for. He's one of those people who is very particular about what he likes so even my best efforts at purchasing a present are typically met with a sincerely grateful (if not wholehearted) thank you. Oh, and he hates surprises. But he loves Manhattan, and specifically the West Village. That was enough encouragement for me to buy tix to this unique walking tour/ interactive theater/ whodunit experience. At the last minute my brother decided to come along for the ride, and being part of a group definitely enhances an already stellar experience. I would feel extremely guilty (and remiss in my task as a reviewer) if I deprived anyone of the full Accomplice experience by providing spoilers. To be honest, I'm not sure I could summarize the show even if I wanted to. But I will say this: Embrace the cheese. Accomplice has its very hokey moments, but it really is one of the most fun and unique ways to experience the West Village that I've ever had. We had the best time and got totally wrapped up in our interactions with the actors, collecting information as we hopped from one place to another. By the end of the show, my husband and brother were asking when we could sign up for one of the other Accomplice shows. SUCCESS! Finally a gift that was not only well received but enjoyed by all. I'm looking forward to the next one.
I totally appreciated the effort of this entertainment group and the fact that they purposely have scheduled alcoholic pit stops totally wins points with the adults for sure. Sometimes the acting was so over the top, but I get that they were definitely playing characters. Do expect to walk a lot, get a pair of comfortable shoes. Grab a group of your funnest, funniest most outgoing friends and enjoy this on a beautiful day.
It's just like the reviews say...an ingenious and fun way to see the city!  Yes, it's a little cheesy but who cares?  Let go of the desire to make fun of it and decide to enjoy it instead and you will have the BEST time!  My review won't reveal any of the details, so read on!  I'd recommend spending a little bit of time googling to find discounts.  It took me a while but I was finally able to find half off by going to couponfollow.com and scooping up the last two tickets. We did the downtown tour.  It's a wonderful way to spend the day walking around New York, seeing parts of the city you'd never see and having an adventure with strangers who quickly become friends.  I got tickets for my sister, who was visiting from California, and we loved it.  Neither of us are the type to chat with strangers or lump ourselves in with tour groups, but this felt very different.  It was really cool to feel part of a "secret adventure" and one of the funniest aspects was how tourists kept trying to figure out what we were up to as we worked our way around downtown. The people who put on The Accomplice really know what they are doing.  The attention to detail and the logistics impressed me the most -- I'm a TV producer and so I really appreciated the work that went into making sure that all the pieces fall into place correctly while still leaving each group feeling like they got a unique and personal experience.  It would be such a dream to design something like this! Anyway, on to the details.  As the other reviewers said, you are called with your secret meeting place a day or two before.  Our group was all ages and everyone was into what we were doing, so that made it fun.  Definitely join in -- don't hang back -- and be part of the process if you want to enjoy it fully.  Seems like you'd want some extroverts in the group.  Definitely you want to be in a group with people who are willing to go along for the ride and just have fun -- to take it seriously but not so seriously.  I think it would be fun to have a few beers before going but that's just me! Some tips: * As everyone says, wear comfortable shoes.  To anyone who regularly walks in NYC it will be easy breezy (no hills or stairs), but to those not used to walking a good amount every day you may get a little tired.  I'd say you walk about 2 miles but it's at a very slow pace and you don't really even notice it. * Bring water and maybe some small snacks.  I brought a handful of almonds and that was just fine.  They take care of you along the way! * As with any long walk around NYC, you'll probably want sunglasses and sunblock if it's a hot day. * Better for older kids (maybe 10 or 11 and up), if only because it's a long commitment * Come with an open mind! * We were the first group of the day and it was awesome!  I won't talk about the ending, but it was really cool to be first.  We basically spent a few hours after it ended just hanging out and having fun!
AMAZING experience!!!! We did the Lower Manhattan show and it was a blast. We knew everyone in the group (we booked together) and that's the way to do it. I imagine it can be really weird spending 2 hours with people you don't know exploring the city, hanging in bars, etc. The actors/actresses are so funny and are really great at improv. There is a great twist and the trek to figure it all out is a blast. I can't wait to try the one in the village.
Accomplice is a lot of fun, and is a fresh way to change up your typical weekend routine in the city.   I attended the downtown show- which has you exploring near South Street Seaport, Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, Little Italy, and Nolita.  I think that your experience will depend on the weather as well as what your group makes of it.  I was fortunately with a group that was there to have a good time.  We followed the clues and played the game, but we also were not shy to take a few detours for some quick drinks at local bars along the way.  The actors were great!  So great that they even managed to alarm a police officer and firefighter.  That speaks for itself if you ask me.   Definitely an experience that I will remember!! The one issue that I did have with the show is that one of the "assignments"  involves handling an animal.   I think that the show should consider revising this part.  It made me uneasy to think what could happen to that animal if a group was particularly rowdy.....especially since drinking is involved.
I'll keep this short and sweet.   I knew it'd be good.  But let me tell ya, I had an amazing time.  Exceeded my expectations.  You HAVE TO do this!  I will do the other two shows they offer at some point.  Any family or friends that visit will definitely be convinced to participate in this amazing experience. *Oh and don't be afraid to go alone!  I did and our group was awesome; we had a great time.  Everyone else in our group came in two's or three's. ***UPDATE:  If you plan on seeing both, go to the Greenwich Village show before the Downtown Manhattan show.  I say that because the Downtown Manhattan show was more entertaining.
Dude! This is the best 2.5 hours I have spent in New York! I so dont wanna spoil anyone's surprise. If you are planning to do this... just one tip..wear comfortable walking shoes.. everything else.. will find u! :p :p It was a complete surprise for me (my freind planned it ) and all I was told was to wear comfy walking shoes.. and boy.. was I glad of the advice! Had the most fun time , with a great group of people - a Navy veteran and a Scottish Family.. very random, but all the more fun!! :) :) I explored some never before streets in NY.. loved every minute of it! :) :) Recommend it to ANYONE who wants to get a feel of what the REAL New York is like! :p
Wow, just so much fun.  In all honesty, when I found out that our work event was going to require walking shoes and warm clothes' I thought we'd be heading out on a scavenger hunt around Manhattan... and that sounded like one of the last ways I'd ever like to spend an afternoon.  I've always been a bit weary of any type of forced fun. I'm happy to say, I was wrong.  The event (not sure what to call it, and I don't want to ruin the fun for anyone) was funny and engaging and turned out to be a fantastic afternoon.  I'd tell anyone, a tourist or a New Yorker, to check it out.  There's adventure and laughter and (optional) booze... and it's a great way to see lower Manhattan.   They should start one up in Chicago...
As I approached the date for this event, I was very excited and slightly nervous as I had no idea what I was going to be doing, other than exploring areas of NYC and probably trying to figure out some kind of mystery. I was right on both accounts. I really advise not reading too many reviews in the event that someone tells a little too much and spoils the surprise (and frankly, when you are paying the kind of money Accomplice charges, you want to get your money's worth). Honestly, the people in our group that we didn't know slightly detracted from the experience, so I'd try to have a group entirely composed of people you know. I'd also challenge you to NOT use your smartphone for navigation, and do not let the people that know the area lead you blindly. Half the fun of this is just exploring the area and using your sleuth skills to get to the next place. After many Google search dead ends, I did find a discount code for tickets, and I recommend you get your biggest nerd to do the same. Tell them its initiation or some kind of skill test. Nerds love that stuff. What are you waiting for? Get out there and have a good time. One last tip. Make sure you actually "click" on the enter key, not just hit enter.
Lots of fun, lots of walking, so be ready. Well worth the price of admission with all the cooky and interesting characters you meet along the way. The more people you know in your party, the more fun you'll have. We had a total of 10, four of which were friends, and the other six were three couples, most of which got a little tired of the walking about half way through. We didn't let that ruin our fun! The end was a blast. I'm not gonna give anything away only because ALL OF IT is best left to the surprise. be bold, put on a smile and a good sense of humor and enjoy. For the record, we did the one in Lower Manhattan.
My (then) 9 year old daughter and I did this a few years ago, and this is one of the best memories we have from our 7 day NY vacation. We STILL  talk about it 3 years later!   1). You must not mind walking a few miles over a few hour period of time.   2). Wear comfortable shoes and clothes for whatever season it is.   3). Good for ages 9 and up in my opinion, as long as they can walk about 2 miles in 2 hours without complaining and are capable of being engaged in a clue-searching   As far as the animal that a few other reviewers are saying they are worried about, there is a frog in this attraction.  They probably sell it back to the place it's purchased from anyway. But even if a frog dies, i'm going going to shed too many tears or lose too much sleep. get a grip, folks!
Accomplice New York is kick ass!! I was fortunate enough to go with a large group of friends & co-workers so it made for, probably, a better experience.  I had heard OF Accomplice but had no clue what to expect and right from the start it was nothing but "fun" surprises after another. In a nutshell it's a "live" performance that revolves around you the "guest".  You're sent off to do errands while interacting with actors along your journey.  My friends and I even started talking to total strangers convinced they were part of the show, it was hilarious! For value, quality and entertainment Accomplice is top notch!  I really can't get into much because I don't want to spoil it for you.  We did the downtown option in New York City starting at the South Street Seaport (not sure if start location changes but that's where we ended up).  They keep everything mysterious yet fun! The whole experience lasted probably 2.5-3hrs but I guess that can also depend on the pace of your group.  If you can bring a group of 4 or more I think it makes for a better experience but if you go with less than 4 you better not be anti-social because you'll need to interact with your group to complete the tasks.
Accomplice's website calls this "Part Game, Part Theater, Part tour."  It feels like about 80% Game and Theater and 20% tour.  Any way you cut it up it's 100% fun!  New Yorker or visitor, it doesn't matter...it's straight up quality entertainment. For those with kids; I took my tween and teen and they had a blast (I wouldn't go any younger)...I could see being in a group of all adults even more fun...
Let me start off by saying: DO THIS!! It's like a scavenger hunt, interactive tour, mystery that is more cheese than serious but TOTALLY enjoyable. We went all over downtown and saw some amazing neighborhoods and had a blast. We were with a very diverse group and we all ended up getting along splendidly and a group of us ended up getting dim sum afterwards in China Town. You get a mystery call the night before with the secret location where everyone is to meet. You show up and the fun begins. Lots of walking so wear comfortable shoes. The whole story line is so funny and zanny and there was a good amount of squealing from the girls in the party (guilty).
So much fun! Go in with an open mind and you'll have an awesome experience. BTW - wear comfortable shoe because you'll be doing a lot of walking.
4 stars only Bc they include torturing a live frog as part of the show. :( other than that, neat concept.
Bought tickets for my boyfriend's birthday and we both enjoyed our experience. Truth be told, I wish I hadn't read some of the Yelp reviews prior to the show. Some people spoiled some of the activities, which was unfortunate. There is a lot of walking. The whole show took about 3-4 hours. And probably only 2-3 pit stops are actually inside with air conditioning. Otherwise, enjoy sweating in the heat ... much like we did in the heat wave. Or if you're doing this in the wintertime, prepare for the coldness (but I'm sure that's much better than our sweaty adventure.) My group was mostly New Yorkers, except for a small group of people from upstate. 90 minutes in, they decided they didn't want to walk anymore (yeah ... prepare to walk!!) I felt bad because they had paid money for it and they were only experiencing half of the show. The actors are funny and it was an enjoyable experience. Sometimes the actors can be really mean to you (it's all an act ... or is it?) and there aren't very clear instructions as to how to approach these actors/strangers, but I guess that was all part of the experience as well. One thing is that I would suggest you to book it with friends. Going with strangers is okay, but I feel like the groups are too big and not everyone can join in on the clue solving when the group is bigger than 6 people.
This was a great experience! The only reason I didn't give it the full five stars was because it didn't cause me to have an emotional experience like, say, Sleep No More did. But Accomplice is still awesome. You meet neat people, have an adventure...it's cute, campy fun, and there's some puzzle solving along the way. Great activity to bring a friend from out of town along on. You'll give them an experience they'll never forget.
I recently organized a private scavenger hunt with a group of 7 friends. We did the East Village "hunt."  It was one of the most fun days I've had in years! (The beautiful weather helped.)  We laughed continuously for three and a half hours!  Everyone had a great time. This company is so creative and so well organized - I would give them 10 stars.  They had the day really well planned and the actors were quite convincing and very funny. AND, you get to customize the hunt to your group (age, interests, etc).  I also have to give them extra kudos as we made 2 additional pub stops along the way and somehow they kept track of us! We are definitely going to try the other hunts they have in other parts of the city.
Fun experience! !!! Meet cool people and had a quick drink and snack included. Would definitely do this again!
We had a great time!  Lots of fun and the cast was great.  Our group was made up of tourists and New Yorkers and we all had so much fun.  Would definitely recommend this to anyone.  And when they say wear comfortable walking shoes, they mean it.   Some of the humor went over my 11-year-old daughter's head but it was certainly not inappropriate for her.  An afternoon we won't soon forget.
Excellent way to see lower NYC and have a whole lot of fun!
Went with a couple friends -- we had no idea what to expect, but it was a blast. As others have said, it's good to be prepared for a bunch of walking, but it was a ton of fun. Our random assortment of group mates was the three of us (all late 20's) a guy/girl couple (late 20's) and a family (mom, dad, two teens girls, and a middle school boy.) Might not be the best for the teens/middle schoolers, but nothing wildly inappropriate. Definitely need: comfy walking shoes, and a great attitude. Would be great to do with out-of-town guests, but those of us living in NYC had fun too!
Hey now, this was really fun!  I promise I won't give anything away. I purchased a discounted ticket through Gilt NYC, but I'm sure there might be other ways to get around paying full price.  It's only a small discount, but I think the price was worth it!  You spend 3 hours wandering around NY looking for places, clues and people to get to your final destination.  I went with a friend and we were put in a group of 11 people.  The whole group got along really well and all had great humor about the whole thing.  It helped that we were all New Yorkers too...but I could imagine how fun and challenging it would be (or how long it would take) for a group of tourists.  It makes me want to try the LA one one day. You do walk a lot, but it was nothing too out of the ordinary.  It was like 3 hours of relaxed walking.  Comfortable shoes are a must obviously, but you won't be exhauuuusted afterward.  If you're normally a pedestrian and live in New York City already, then this will be nothing on you.   The actors were really fun to interact with.  Some were more obvious than others. I think we tried bothering a passerby we thought was an actor with a clue, but was just an "animated" person.   My only tip would be: try not to be a straggler (ie: One of those people who trail along in the back the entire time) because that will take out a lot of the fun for you.  Take turns with getting clues or interacting with the little missions or holding certain items if given any.   This is a really great idea all together, the people behind it are talented and you even get to chat with some of them afterward depending on what time your mission is.  Have fun!
Got this experience as a gift from a friend.  Did the experience with my gf.  Our group was 9 ppl.  The group size was fine, not too large.  The experience was great !!!  The amount of information provided was just right.  I did not read any reviews before the experience, and happy that didnt ruin any part of the show.  Don't read beyond my review !!! Its a great experience !  Enjoy !
Hehe. If you ever wanted to be a detective, this is your chance.  No blood and no paperwork- just adventure and excitement ;) The best parts, I think. As a native New Yorker, it's still fun to do because you go to all the same places with such a different feel - mind buzzing and heart jumping.  As a tourist, I simply suggest a good map and a strong will -.,-;; these people at Accomplice are good! The price covers for some munchies, as well as a great day!  I personally suggest you go with a group of your personal acquaintances; not as awkward as total strangers, but not so familiar that all the excitement is gone.  Comfortable shoes and courage required.
I was looking for a special birthday present for my boyfriend. We travelled to NYC over fifty times and we know the city quite well. I searched the internet and found the Accomplice-Tour. A little bit sceptic and excited, we joined the tour - It was big fun. We were lucky, having nice people on our group. I would highly recommend to really stick to what is happening while doing the tour and to actively participate - Then it s fun:) Good ideas and really good actors creating some special hours in SoHo. You don t learn anything about the sights, just to let you know. Hoping for new stories and tours, so we can come back and join the show again!!
What an amazing experience! Accomplice:NY was such a great time, even for someone who has been living here for almost ten years! The actors, the story and the other people in the group were great! I highly recommend if you are looking for something to do in NYC!!
Went as a family of five. Two adults and three teenagers. We didn't have any issues with the content for our teenagers. We really enjoyed the show and best of all the comments from our 18 year old (who tends to be less enthused with planned events) really liked it and was impressed with the work that went into producing the Accomplice. We had a lot of fun it was a small group two didn't show so only two others but thought it went well between us. I thought it was a great way to spend time as a family and would recommend for any audience.
This review is for Accomplice New York (the one that's held in downtown - financial district - as opposed to the one in Greenwich Village).   I was trying to find something fun to do for a friend's 40th birthday and didn't want to get tickets for the usual Broad way show so booked tickets to Accomplice instead.  I had a very general idea of what it was going to be like - lots of walking, some clues - but I didn't know that I would enjoy it as immensely as I did. I'm from NYC originally so know the place well and it really takes a lot to impress a native New Yorker. The whole thing takes around 3 hours or so, depending on how quick your group is. Our group walked a leisurely pace and were still done within the 3 hours. Clues weren't difficult so if you're not from the area, you would still know where to go.   Being from NYC originally, I thought that I had seen all of NYC, but Accomplice really gives you a different perspective on places you already know and surprises you with other places that you've never been.   I know I'm being very vague in this review but that's only because I don't want to give anything away.  If you are looking for something really fun to do and don't mind walking, definitely get tickets for this.   Tips: You will do a lot of walking so wear a comfortable pair of shoes. There are a few breaks along the way, so it's not like you're walking nonstop. It's not a race and you don't have to run. You will find opportunities to stop along the way to go to the bathroom.  This is a fun event to do with a group of friends but if you don't have 9 other people to go with, you are grouped with other people - people in our group were from all over and so friendly.  Eat a good meal beforehand although being in the city you could buy a drink/light snack along the way.   I am 28 weeks pregnant and was able to participate in this wonderful event.  The actors were soooo engaging - there were some who you really wouldn't know were part of the act and my friends and I started to get paranoid and think that everyone around us was in the act.   If you've seen the movie "The Game", this really reminded me of it.  It was sooo much fun!!!!!!
I did this two summers in a row. First with my mom and a bunch of middle aged midwesterners, and again with a friend from Kansas and four 19 year olds who were sweatin' his stuff (literally). While it was the same script, it was a completely different experience both times. They feed you! And you get free drinks! Stumped on what to describe this as (a tour? a scavenger hunt?), the business card refers to it as an "experience." I'll stick with that. Experience it for yourself! :)
One of the greatest things I've done in NY. Can't tell you anything that happens, other than it includes walking, talking, some sitting, some drinking, and general awesomeness.
This was a fun event, but difficult to describe without giving anything away. When my betrothed and I were visiting from Chicago, we bought tickets as a thank you for my sister and bro-in-law, who were were staying with. It started kind of slow and we weren't sure what we'd gotten ourselves into, but it got really fun about halfway through. We spoke to the creator afterwords and it was planned just that way. $50-60 per ticket during our tour included a beer, a coffee (crucial at the halfway point) and a light snack. It was totally worth it for a few hours of fun in Greenwich Village. Go and enjoy!
I am a huge fan of the NPH, and if he says something is good, then I expect big things. I wasn't really sure just what to expect from this half tour, half show, half mystery, but what I soon found out was that it was ALL fun. Even with such high expectations, Accomplice delivered on it's promise of a unique experience that  I found to be a great use of a beautiful Saturday afternoon. For those too lazy to check the website for what Accomplice is all about, Accomplice (downtown) is an interactive walking tour of downtown Manhattan. Hired actors play a story out for you as they guide you through some of the iconic districts of lower Mahattan. From South Street Seaport to Chinatown, you and your gang solve clues that gave me a new look on the same neighborhoods that I have been going to for years. While some stops seemed like space filler, some of the other stops are filled with some great actors. One actor even offered me one of his mail order brides. He told me that they would dress up like actresses from my favorite movie, and I was impressed by his quick response when I said that my favorite movie was Air Bud. They are quick on their feet, so the more you get into it, the more you will enjoy it yourself. I won't spoil the details but here are some essentials you should know. 1. Wear Walking Shoes 2. Bring people who don't mind walking 3. Seriously... wear walking shoes. I think that this would be a great experience for a visitor, or even if you just want to do something new in this city. ALSO SUPER BONUS POINTS for the free beer and wine along the way.... well "free" after your $60 ticket.
I agree with all the good reviews here.  They've pretty much summed up the experience.  Worth every penny.  I can't wait to do the Village one next!
This is a great weekend thing to do if you are a visitor to New York or if you are a New York regular!  It's funny, a great challenge/game and so much fun to do!  It's really well done and run very efficiently.  I can't really tell you too much about it because it will give all the fun away, but know that its a good amount of walking.  It's a great way to spend some time in NYC!
The Accomplice was AWESOME!!! My group has been talking about it since we did it! So uniquely creative; a nice change up to the same old bar scene. There are exciting twists and turns, you never know who's in on it and who's not. Well worth the cost of the ticket once you see what you get out of it! Food, drinks and fun times for such a small cost - I am definitely doing this again. The actors are all very carefully chosen and all do an amazing job. Kudos to Betsy and her crew! (We were lucky enough to meet the Producer!)
All I can tell you is do it.  If I told you more, I might get whacked.
*NO SPOILERS* What: Accomplice: New York (Lower Manhattan) When: July 2011 Weather: Hot & Sunny July Summer: 90 degrees How Much: Yelp Deal $45 OVERALL: After reading the Yelp reviews I was very excited to try this out, especially with Yelp's discount and after experiencing & being utterly amazed by "Sleep No More". I have to say, Accomplice is just like other reviews said: 2 parts scavenger hunt, 1 part tour, 1 part "Where in NY is Carmen San Diego", a sprinkle of Cloak & Dagger, mixed with a light dash of interactive theater. I wouldn't compare this to "The Game" with Michael Douglas as one reviewer had mentioned, but I would surely LOVE to experience that. PLOT: Mostly fun, but could have used a bit more excitement, pace, & interactivity. The finale provided much of this (the HIGHLIGHT of the day by far) but for a 3 hour event, I would have liked to have seen more of this throughout.  The plot isn't bad, but could use some more cloak & dagger intricacy.  People may say "don't overthink it" or "lower your expectations", but my preference is for the mystery & intrigue that Accomplice markets itself with. CHARACTERS: Characters are fun, actors pretty decent (not as over the top as I had expected), locations & setting choices were impeccable, integrated into the story nicely, but again, I would have liked more interactivity with the actors.  I did, however, like that the event starts with a phone call 2 days before the event even begins =) Meeting & interacting with people in your group is nice, but can be very hit or miss, which is why actors interacting with the group could add consistency to the experience and provide more pace & excitement. EXPERIENCE: Unsurprisingly, the highlights for me were interacting with the characters, which is only maybe 20% of the experience.  The rest is walking, taking in the sites, and figuring out clues (which could be more challenging).  Perhaps offer different levels of difficulty to participants?  Would also be cool to have unexpected interactions along the way instead of predictable times for meeting characters. Part of the fun is trying to immerse yourself in the experience & setting, which is heightened when bystanders & tourists are intrigued by what you're doing but having no idea what is going on, thinking that they are witnessing real events rather than interactive theater =) That's one unpredictable aspect "Accomplice" has that "Sleep No More" didn't, the fact that it takes place in public with clueless people going about their business, then noticing something suspicious or curious happening with your group's underworld antics. Perhaps if you're a tourist or unfamiliar with lower manhattan, you may add a star.  Since I practically grew up in Chinatown (which definitely helped in this event *wink), this may have altered my experience slightly, however it was still pretty cool to see the surprises Accomplice had in store even in a neighborhood I knew very well.   In fact, I'd say the local businesses & employees that partook in the clues added almost as much to the experience as the hired actors! And they don't even get credited in the playbill! =)  You can't get more genuine than that!  You don't see them coming and definitely are a pleasant surprise (but perhaps that's only true for locals like me). RECOMMENDATIONS: I'd say definitely try it out if you've never experienced this before, but wait for a good discount.  May help to not be too familiar with the area. Go with a large group of friends who will immerse themselves in the experience with you, walk with you every step of the way, have a sense of humor, suspend disbeliefs rather than make fun of everything they see and you will enjoy yourselves more.  You may also get lucky & be grouped with others like this as well, but don't count on it. FINAL THOUGHTS: Perhaps I'll try Accomplice in a city i'm not familiar with, like LA or London and that may give me a 4/5 star experience.  Conceptually I have to give credit to the creators for a nicely planned & organized experience with pretty good actors. I would love to see another incarnation of Accomplice that delves a bit into the history of New York City, sort of like National Treasure or DaVinci Code does =)  And again, "The Game" would be a fantastic, though probably expensive experience. What other reviews have already covered: - Bring comfortable footwear & be prepared to walk the entire 3 hours - Have plenty of fluid & sunblock if it's hot out since you're outdoors - Alchohol & light snacks will be served! May even enhance your experience =P
What a blast! My boyfriend and I both loved it!  We had so much more fun than we expected to!  This is a fantastic way to spend an afternoon!
We did Accomplice: The Village.  It definitely was a unique experience.  Without giving too much away, it was sort of like being in a play.  Our group of 8 was pretty fun, though more than 8 people in a group could be pushing it.  The actors were quite good, only occasionally being a bit over-the-top.  I enjoyed the drinks, especially the cappucino about halfway through.  It starts off a bit slow, but then things get a bit more fun.  Overall, it's very creative, and I would recommend it to others.
When they say rain or shine, they definitely mean it! Just finished accomplice downtown on a rainy day and it definitely would have been even better if it hadn't been raining.  Absolutely have to wear comfortable shoes, like everyone is saying and while there are some snacks a long the way, eating before is probably a good idea as well. There is one leg in the scavenger hunt that I think is a little long of a walk without some type of actor, pit stop, or diversion - particularly if you're not from NYC, familiar with it, or have a good map of downtown to let you know you're on the right path. Something fun and interesting to do, however, and worth doing.
Having seen many unique theater shows in New York City, I had bought this as a surprise for my boyfriend's 25th birthday. The days, even hours leading up to our show, I was nervous. Most of the online reviews are wonderful. However some ratings oversimplify the show saying it's, "cheesy" and "easy to solve." Others say, "don't be grouped in with strangers." Don't listen to them! We did the Greenwich Village show. Without spoiling anything, the lengths to which the actors went to surprise us were bewildering and absolutely hilarious. You start off thinking one way and, before you know it, you're confused, laughing, and inquiring with your group. And we very much enjoyed the beers along the way, cheers-ing to our adventure! While tourists are aimlessly walking the streets, you feel like you're in on a secret. Some even stopped to look which only made us laugh harder. We were a group of 10 adults, both tourists & NYC residents. We had fun getting to know each other, joking around, and, of course, solving the mystery. Such a memorable, perfect day!  I have been and will be continually recommending this experience.
Absolutely perfect!!!  Don't miss out on one of the best kept secrets in NYC...can't wait to go back and do the other show. I take my neices and nephews to the city every year as their Christmas present.  this was by far the best year.  Ages 13-44....everyone enjoyed it.  Thank you thank you thank you for a wonderful time!
Book with friends, don't get lumped in with strangers.  Our group had some huffy people in it who just darted out in front of everyone else - hell bent on "solving" the experience instead of enjoying it.  If you knew the people you were with and could communicate with them it would be more fun.  Also, our group of 11 was too large.  We could not all participate and for some clues, half the group couldn't even read them before the pushy people were rushing up the block.   That being said - the show is well written, the performers are great at improv, and there are some fun surprises along the way.  The cost for the event is priced well.  Wear comfy shoes, don't rush, and for goodness sakes have fun!
We had a really fun group which enhanced the entire experience.  Come with an open mind and a postive attitude and I promise you will have a blast!!
Our group was comprised of co-workers, significant others and some assorted friends.  We had a great time wending our way around the neighborhood for the performance and enjoyed every minute of it.  Highly recommend it to a group of loosely connected people who will commit to the cheesiness of roving around NYC in search of actors and experiences.
Unique and fun. You must have an open attitude to enjoy.
My friends and are are from the NYC area and wanted to do something different. It was four of us and 4 guys from Holland, we had a great time! I think the team you are with determines how much fun you can possibly have.   A great and unusual way to send a Saturday. Tip: Try to pick a time when it wont be to humid or  too hot.  We had perfect weather, it was early June and the 1pm show, mid 70's can't get any better than that. If it were hot, (and we were drinking) I think we may have had a problem.
This event should have been canceled in the rain. The actors were talented, but strayed to the inappropriate and off-putting. Also due to poor scheduling, our group got cheated. The group in front of us was slow, so not only did we have to wait at several stations, but part of the mystery and code-cracking wasn't even part of the game for us because Accomplice staff decided we didn't have time.
the only way to give Accomplice: New York less than 5 stars is when you yourself had a less than 5 start participation... This show is no sit and relax kind of thing, this is in between a scavenger hunt, the board game Clue, a comedy / mystery on Broadway and a city tour. Nice weather helps, but if you are prepared to enjoy the events, actors and story line and you don't mind to do that while crossing Lower Manhattan on foot, then this is for you and you can't give less than 5 stars at all!
Honestly, if you have the time to do this, do it. This hybrid walking tour/theater was a really fun experience and even though you might be lumped into a group of complete strangers, you will eventually will learn to work together in order to complete the game. There's a lot of fun surprises and you really get to see the lower half of the city and get to see places that you don't get to see. If you like murder mysteries, then this will be good for you. I guess that if you have 10 people, you would basically have a private party, but it's better with random strangers.
Great fun! All the actors were great and very funny. A couple of them really had us fooled. I went with a group of 9 friends/family, so we all knew each other. I recommend doing it this way. We all had a blast.
We had a blast...the acting was great!!! Very different from the norm.
I went this past weekend with one of my friends and had so much fun!!  The show was awesome and the actors were all great!  I look forward to checking out the Village show.
This was my family's first time to New York City.  My daughter was searching the internet for fun things to do there and ran across the Accomplice.  We had a Blast!  We went with another family and we all agreed that this was our favorite activity that we did in New York!  I want to go back and to the Village next time.  The actors were so good and very funny.  They made it a great experience for all of us and we ranged in age from 12 to 50:)  You should definitely do this!
One of the best scavenger hunts I've done and I've done a lot!  Great actors, lots of fun.  Only three stars instead of five because of 1) I was signed up to do The Accomplice Village Hunt because of vouchers I had for it and they goofed up.  I wasn't too upset because I hadn't done any of the hunts before.  2) Some Accomplice actor called me while I had a very busy stressful hectic day at work and wouldn't shut up when I said I had to call back so I had to hang up on him.  3) My friend was running late and the actor starting the show kept interrupting me and wouldn't help me.  4) We had to get a frog and frogs are nasty (well at least to me)!!!  Also, I only paid like $65 for two tickets, half off because of some sort of online deal.  I wouldn't pay over $30 to do this.
My whole family went for my husband's birthday, and all of us, ages 9 through forty-something, had a great time.  I knew what to expect a little, because I had booked the tickets, but did not know what kind of story or interaction we would have.  The actors were great, and the places that participated really good sports about having us go in and out of their establishments.  Part of the fun is getting to know th either people in our group and solving the mystery together. A great family activity, but yes, be prepared to walk, and bring along water and nutrition bars; we did, and it kept the kids energized throughout the 2.5 hours of constant activity in the summer heat.
this show is amazing.  it's somehow the perfect mix of mysterious, fun, silly, and clever, and the actors are amazing improvisors.  you'll never look at strangers on the street the same way again. I'd recommend going with as many friends as you can get to get tickets for the same performance--I think it would have been even more fun without the slightly bumbling tourist family who was in our group.
This event came highly recommended by a friend who had done it here and in LA..  We decided to try it with a friend visiting from out of town. We had a really great time even though we did get off track---it just made for a more fun and exciting adventure.  Everyone involved with the Accomplice is creative and fun. You get free drinks and coffee on the adventure too.  It's a great way to see a part of the city.
I celebrated my birthday with Accomplice, and my experience was absolutely amazing. From the very beginning, we were thrown into the mystery, and the actors were amazing. The mystery was great, the props and actors were awesome, and the location couldn't have been better. We did Accomplice: The Village (our first tour with Accomplice) and everyone had an incredible time. My friends and I can't wait to go back for Accomplice: New York when it opens in late March! Everyone loved every minute of the experience, and all of the parts fit together perfectly. Accomplice is a terrific combination of a tour and a mystery, and it's one of the best experiences/shows I've found in NYC. Amazing!!
Earlier today I attended this amazing show and I have never experienced something like that. The day started out and I was quite nervous because it seemed really sketchy and I was really nervous I just spent my money on nothing. I was dead wrong! The day was filled many surprises like terrific actors, great storyline, great new friends, and a great friendly staff. I had the honor to speak with the orchestrator of this great event and he was a true gentleman and quite friendly! Highly suggest everyone to attend this!
This company still refuses me a refund for the terrible experience.  Disorganized, boring, poorly managed.  Avoid at all costs.
Sigh... This is my second accomplice experience and I wanted to love it.  My friends and I did the downtown (chinatown/little italy) version this time last year and raved about it for the past 12 months.  This year we did the Village version and we were let down.  The starting premise is overtly constructed, the storyline is confusing, the benchmarks have you walking up and down the same street several times and the ending is confusing at best.  Actually if the orchestrator of the show didn't indicate that we had reach the end by clapping.... we would have never known it was over!  We love the concept for the Accomplice and highly recommend the downtown show but just can't advocate for the Village.
My husband doesn't like musicals and I was trying to find unique experiences for his surprise trip to NYC for his birthday- this fit the bill perfectly! The Downtown show was so much fun and all of the actors/actresses were superb! Some, we didn't know if they were actors until they finally changed character to include us. It was a great way to see the area, have fun with a group of people and enjoy the experience. A definite thumbs up!
I was very skeptical of this. I am not a huge fan of corny acting, but I have to say, this was a LOT of fun! We did the villiage one, and yes, it wa sa little corny at times, but the fun outweighed it. I am from DC and have been to NY many times (at least 20+) so it was fun to do something different. We laughed and just really had a good time. I would definitely recommend this to people!
wow!  what fun!  and a surprise ending that im NOT gonna give away here...you just have to experience it for yourself!  a great walking tour of downtown...
Lots of fun! Awesome actors/actresses.
Ive Lived in NYC For over 20 years so when my Partner suggested Accomplice as something to entertain my Sister and her friends I was skeptical to say the least.  We met at the Seaport and the fun began.  It was a really fun experience, just the right amount of intrigue peppered with a few drinks in between.  Highly recommended!!
this was a great time!  good to see that people are still around that put together creative and fun things like this!
we took a friend for her bday, as a surprise. it was such a fun way to spend the afternoon. the actors are great and very funny. it's very unique. I highly recommend it!
