Pricey and small portions but fulfilling. Expect to pay around ~$150 for two people. Niku-uni is extremely good. The meat and quality is superb! Second time here and I highly recommend it if you're a meat lover, worth every penny :)
Delicious food and great service!  I loved the Uni Kobe Beef Sashimi! Also the dessert was amazing, try the caramel sauce!
We dropped in for a little bite and got a comfy spacious table for two.  (The party of 5 next to us, however, were cramped at the same-sized table, haha.)  The Beef Belly (which you grill yourself) was SO delicious!  But it is kinda pricey at $20 for just 5 pieces.  The complimentary kimchi, bean sprouts, and ginger-dressed salad were good, too.   Great service, clean space, casual ambiance, nice BR (only one though). I've gotta come back to try their famed ramen, which is served only from 12 AM to 2 AM, Fri. & Sat.
I went to Takashi on my birthday for a late dinner to try some more exotic foods as I am a very adventurous eater.  The wait was about 30 minutes to get seated and as the restaurant states, they asked other people to leave as there is a 2 hour limit when guests are waiting to sit at the restaurant.  When we got seated, we ordered some sake and were offered to select our own sake cups from a selection tray.  As for the food, the Niku-Uni was very good and interesting.  I love uni and raw beef, so the combination was a dream come true for me.  My girlfriend tried it but did not love it.  The foie gras stuffed mini burger is chocolate BBQ sauce was actually very good and me and my girlfriend finished it quickly.  My girlfriend had Kalbi (short rib) grilled while I had the hatsu (heart).  The heart was very good grilled as was the short rib.  After this, I attempted to eat the bone marrow crawfish dumplings but was too full to complete this appetizer.  Lastly, the ice cream dessert was good.  Overall, Takashi was a great experience for me and is a definitely place to visit if you truly love meat as well as adventurous foods.  I will definitely be back to try more of these menu items in the future.
AMAZING! I love ramen, so when I heard this was another "secret ramen place," I had to get here. Ready for my midnight snack, we came ready to indulge in the bowl of goodness. We had the spicy ramen and woah. Blown away! They serve it to you with everything in its place -scallions on one side, intestines on the other, egg here, spicy paste there. Once they present it to you, you mix it all up and prepare for an adventure your mouth will be dying to go on again. The broth was amazing. It wasn't too spicy, but just the right amount of spice. The beef was to die for. It was so tender and so flavorful and it just melted in my mouth. Takashi clearly knows what they are doing with this. The ramen is a little pricey at $17 a bowl, but definitely worth trying. I will say though, the broth seemed to be very greasy. It was good, but I wasn't ready to drink the whole bowl, seeing the amount of grease that was there. If you can get over that, you'll fall in love with this bowl of noodles.
Going to keep this short and simple because I came here a long time ago. The food is delicious. Everything is super clean (given what they're offering, it better be). and as with everything else Japanese, it's minimalist but also extremely extremely well done. If you're a foodie, I highly recommend the hearts, tongues, tripe, and livers that they offer. It's all superbly cleaned and amazingly tasty. The flavor is spoton and I wouldn't recommend any other place to eat heart.
WOW! Takashi is def. a fun experience....especially for my tummy! Every dish was deeeeeelish! I don't quite remember ALL the names of the dishes we ordered since we drank lots of delicious sake (called gasanryu-the pretty big blue bottle) :D but heres a list of MUST-HAVES: -yooke : (Mmm..can't get enough of it.) -niku-uni: (had a nice balance..was not overwhelmed by the uni.) -squid-ink rice w/marinated sweetbread: (I regret sharing this dish cuz I wanted it all for myself. hehe) -stewed beef tendon casserole: (nice rich flavor and beef that falls apart in your mouth..slurppp!) -foie gras stuffed mini Kobe burger w/ chocolate sauce. (hellooooo chocolate..either u will love it or hate it. I loved it) -beef belly (zomg I wanted more.) -the tongue experience. (def. interesting and fun to try. 3 diff cuts. The tip,middle,back and yes they taste different.) -cheek (my favorite!!! esp dipped in the spicy ponzu sauce. Give me moreeeee!) Tip: Make sure you choose a designated timer for when you grill the meats. The server tells you how many seconds to grill each type of meat. You don't want to overcook any of it. The most adventurous dish that night, would have to be the calfs brain w/ caviar. The server recommended this dish so we were all down to try it. Why not. The smell was off putting but it didn't taste too bad. Not something I would order again. I would order more....MEAT!!! Overall, the service and the whole experience at takashi was GREAT esp. with good company. I didn't even mind smelling like BBQ all the way home. The only complaint that night came from my bfs wallet. Thanks wabe! salad night soon ;)
Only could be there for two hours because of Two Hour Limit Restaurant Policy???... (Waitress told us that we can only stay two hours.)  I want to relax when I am eating good foods...
No, a vegetarian couldn't get around here. You MUST be ready for meat, and be ready for the most AMAZING meat! I only eat meat when I think that it's worth it, and this was worth it!   Sat at the bar with our hibachi, bottle of saki, and plates of meat.  The server was so helpful in navigating the best experience!   And yes, you must go to the bathroom there ;)
Wow!! This is a foodie's paradise! The beef tartar was exquisite. The raw quail egg was an unbelievable additional to a perfectly seasoned tartar. What can I say about the Chet's meat selection for the grill: first stomach, fourth stomach, liver, heart and sweet breads. Must admit that my dining companion (my dear daughter Humai) was not totally enamored with this last choice. But you can't always win 'em all! A great experience. The wait staff did justice to the meal. And they have a $4000 Toto WC in the washroom. It don't get any better!
I liked the cute drawings on the walls for this place!!  I put my name down and he said it would be a 2.5 hour wait or so...however 20 min later (while I was at a nearby bar) he called saying someone had a table for 8:30pm, so would 7:30-8:30pm be a good enough time slot for us?  So yes, we took that table!! I liked their salad, kimchi and bean sprouts!  Since we decided to eat here and then Little Owl, we just shared the beef belly.  It was yummy and juicy, but $20 for those 5 slivers was quite pricey indeed.
1)Mimi, the waitress is absolutely wonderful. Knowledgable of the menu and more, absolutely friendly, welcoming and adorable! 2)I'm not a huge red meat eater- my dining group was so I went along for the ride but the meats were bright red and beautiful and what I did try- the meatballs and brain cream belinis were AWESOME. 3) The atmosphere is quaint, unique, informative (hello informative chalkboard wall!) and it's always fun to have an interactive experience where you barbecue at the table. 4)Price...well, we might be an unusual circumstance...we ordered an enormous amount of food and alcohol and it ran about 400 for 4 of us. Eesh. But the quality can't be beat. *Be aware...this is straight up BEEF CITY. There are no seafood, poultry or vegetarian dishes. I mostly munched on the cabbage salad with white miso dressing but to be honest...half of the reason for that is because it was so damn good. I was happy to eat bowl after bowl the whole meal.
Went for midnight ramen, which is only served Friday and Saturday at 12AM (make reservations ahead of time). There are only two on the menu: original or spicy. The ramen comes with beef belly, fried intestines, soft-boiled egg, and nori (seaweed). The fried intestines were actually pretty good, came in very small pieces, and added crunch. The spicy ramen came with a lot of spicy paste, too much to really taste the beef broth. I would recommmend getting the spice on the side so you can try the original beef broth and add the amount of spice you prefer. Overall, the ramen was good but leaves an aftertaste because of the amount of scallion in it.
The foie gras stuffed kobe burgers. Very good. If you don't mind a raw deal: The Niku-Uni, steak, sea urchin, and wasabi sauce is where it's at. Oh, the dumplings. Those are dynamite too!
Takashi you tasty son of a bitch. You're like an abusive relationship. First you treat me to the most succulent, delicious meat experience of my life. It's fun and comfy. The service is spectacular. The drinks are rare and crisp. The atmosphere is perfect. Everything is amazing. Then you take me home and punch me right in the stomach in ways I never knew I could hurt. You hurt me Takashi. Physically. I probably got food poisoning. But that's ok. I knew what I was getting in for. I knew I was cooking my own food. I knew I was ordering the raw Niku Uni that was probably the most exotic deliciousness I've ever tried. But I can't deny that I either had a weak stomach, or the food was just that powerful, but that night I slept on the toilet. My stomach was on fire. For that, I must say dear reader, this is the lost city of El Dorado. Sure the payoff is there, but the journey through the other side is not for the faint of heart. This is an exotic experience. This is something you could potentially get a severe stomach ache from. But the food, atmosphere, and service is top of the line. Enjoy. But tread lightly.
This place is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! If you love meat and are not shy to try new things, this place is the most amazing in NYC. I've eaten like a pig all over the world and this is might be the best yakiniku in maybe the world.
This is my favorite restaurant ever. ever ever. It just isn't possible for me to go to a place like Gyu-Kaku ever again. A friend of mines made reservations about a week in advance for our New York trip and after hearing that Anthony Bourdain had mentioned the place as one of his all time New York favorites I was intrigued. The place is small so a reservation definitely would help. The interior decorated with explanations of the different meats in pictures and colored texts. Overall just the looks is pretty cool. We order a variety of things which I'll go over briefly but we what ordered isn't as important as the quality. We start off with some beef tartare mixed with quail egg and raw beef slices with uni on top served on a slice of seaweed. One of my first tastes of pure raw beef and the taste was just out of the world tender with no toughness in eating. Melt in your mouth, one of the things you look for in good beef. Next was a medley of different cow parts, tongue, sirloin, and other cuts all differently marinated and recommended to be cooked to medium rare. The server was helpful and informative on best ways to cook and description of the meat. Same with these dishes, tender and tasteful to the point of no words. I was seriously impressed with the quality of the meat and it changed the way I look at korean/japanese style bbq. Obviously this place is not for vegetarians and if you are not a fan of beef then this place might not be for you but other then that, you will be impressed. It's been over a year since I've come hear and I still dream of coming back. The name Takashi still comes up in conversations with friends whenever New York is brought up.
It is good but not the best yakuniku. Servings are too small.
Every Friday and Saturday night between 12am and 2am Takashi in the West Village serve unbelievable Ramen. You have to book the Monday prior via ramen@takashinyc.com. Small and understated space. The Ramen is by far the BEST we have had in New York. Only in Manhattan will you find a midnight Ramen speakeasy! LOVE!
I came here for my birthday last month.  I wanted an interesting experience and good Japanese food, and Takashi delivered!  They offer Japanese style BBQ, and a variety of appetizers as well.  We tried the first and third stomach, ribeye, edamame, as well as the "tongue experience," but the best one was the beef belly!  I would definitely come back here when I visit the city again.
For die-hard carnivores, this place is cow heaven! This Korean-Japanese fusion restaurant is both cozy and cute. We had the grandmom's steamed beef shank buns, the yooke, kalbi, and vanilla ice-cream with salted caramel. I absolutely loved everything except for the kimchi side dish. If you're in an adventurous mood, you can try all sorts cow parts (tongue, heart, cheek, etc). The meat is high quality and really fresh. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. The only down side is that you can only make reservations for parties of 4 or more. Otherwise, you will have to wait quite a while on weekends.
My husband and I were celebrating our one year anniversary and we both agreed that ending our night with a fabulous meal at Takashi would be the icing on the cake. We walked in at 5:40PM and it was already full!!!! It was like a group of vultures descended on a fresh carcass.  The bar area was completely booked and what was worse was that it was the first seating so it would be at least an hour and half before a bar seat opened up. We inquired and were told that the next available was 10:30!  I didn't care that I was about to cry.  I was so looking forward to topping of the great day with some delicious beef.  But then the host asked if we would mind sitting at the bar.  Of course not!!! We'd sit anywhere to get a meal at Takashi!  We left him my number and sure enough, after we got some errands done and we were out of the train, I had a voicemail.  I ran in there and we were seated in about 10 minutes. The day was SAVED.  We tried some new appetizers this time around.  We got the flash boiled third stomach with spicy sauce and the yooke.  The yooke was delicious.  The third stomach has a particular texture and I think only specific people would enjoy it.  I happen to be one of those people.   I ordered my usual fourth stomach and large intestines.  My husband ordered the liver and kobe kalbi.  The kobe was like butter.  butter.  You didn't even need your teeth. It was some seriously good stuff. We COULD HAVE ordered one more cut of beef but we realized that we may not have room for dessert so we opted to share the ice cream. This was a perfect day.
I'm loving japanese BBQ spots! I enjoyed my time at Takashi, although this place is a bit too pricey for what i'm getting. I prefer Gyu-Kaku over Takashi (sorry!) although Takashi has better quality of meats. Beef Tongue (4): highly recommend it. unlike other places, they give you a thick cube cut of it so there's a bit more chewiness to it. Niku-Uni (5): I believe this was the appetizer i got? It had sea urchin, uni on top of some thin slice of raw beef. regardless, delicious appetizer!!!!! if you're down for some sea urchin and raw beef, this is it! Kalbi (5): can't ever go wrong with kalbi! Harami (5): I think this might be our favorite piece of meat because we ended up ordering 3 plates of it.... (it was also the slightly cheaper meats) There was another appetizer we got that I can't remember the name of and I can't find it on their online menu. But it was this meatball placed on top of bone marrow (although the bone marrow was infused in the meatball). Then they poured a sizzling hot oil sauce on top of the meatball to instantly cook it. If you find it on the menu, MAKE SURE YOU ORDER IT. I would give that a 10 star if i could!!
THIS PLACE IS OFFAL!  I am a heart and liver gal, but I did not neglect the beef belly special (fat is flavor, after all) and the klassic kalbi.  Yes it's pricey, as with most destination yakiniku spots, but you can't put a price on the beef-induced high one feels upon completion.  After the ground chuck tartar (Yooke) and five raw grilled options (split between two meat lovers), one forgets that they waited 45 minutes for a table last minute on a Friday.  Oh, did I mention the sake?  What a great list!  Servers are also super attentive and food comes out just as you want it. If you're looking for a cheap meat fix, go to K-town.  If you want the best yakiniku in NYC, go here.
This spot is purrfect for date night as was appropriate for our late Vday dinner. Dimly light and nicely adorned. They don't take reservations for parties less than 4. Not a problem. We got seated in 15 minutes when we showed up on a week day night at around 7PM. I was feigning for a bit of alcohol and the waitress recommended the yuzu sake since I asked her about the yuzu cocktail. She shortly came back with a small sample of the sake and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I got a small glass of it, resembling a tall shot glass, and that was already $12 onto our tab. Based on reading the reviews, we tried the: Yooke: They bring this out and use two chopsticks to mix the quail egg on top into the tartare. While it tasted alright, the texture of the tartare reminded me of meat coming out of a mixer attachment. After eating a few bites, I felt my stomach churn just a little bit. However, by the looks of it, it was a very popular dish as we noticed it being ordered at other tables. Kalbi: So. Tender. And. Juicy. So. Amazing. Yet only about 6 pieces a plate! Beef belly: Same as the above! Best meat I have had in a while! Unfortunately we did not try any of the stranger parts. We were both pretty satisfied with our meal as it ended with their vanilla ice cream, which is the only dessert they offer. I will back on a nice occasion, because the meal was a little pricey, and to try their late night ramen!
after reading many of the reviews and going here last night, i have to jump on the bandwagon and give you this abridged assessment:  good, but expensive.   overall, the space is nice and quaint.  the meats are definitely of a good cut and it really makes a difference in the flavor and texture.  i came here with a group of four and we got the tartar and niku-uni as appetizers.  both were good.  for the grilling, we got an assortment from the tongue, ribeye, short rib, large intestines, stomach.  good, but portion sizes were eh.  for desert we all shared the works and the ice cream was berry dericious.  along with a few drinks, it came out to about $70/person.   again not cheap.  and you come out smelling like intense bbq meat, even worse than other bbq places.  we also started talking about marie who is married, but just because there's a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score.
9:15pm on a Friday night the wait was an hour and a half.  The guy taking our names said that it was definitely worth the wait, so we trusted him and turns out he was right.  There were some pretty daunting items on the menu that were too hardcore for my liking (various raw beef plates to be consumed raw, beef heart, intestines).  We passed on that stuff and opted for the grilled Kobe. I can't remember the exact cuts we ordered, but we basically ordered what the waitress recommended including the beef belly.  All the cuts were incredibly tender and succulent.  We also ordered scallions and rice to go with the meal which were delicious. Usually I don't like meat bellies (i.e. pork, beef bellies) but the beef belly at Takashi should be a part of every meal.  INCREDIBLE! This place is pricey and the portions are not particularly large but the food is top notch. Our waitress was awesome. She had some great recommendations and was on top of it.  Props Takashi, we'll be back on my next payday!
After reading and hearing so many good things about Takashi, I had to find out for myself. I was not disappointed. Arrived with 4 of my friends for our 9 o'clock reservation and were seated promptly for the experience we were about to be served. Takashi does not take reservations for parties less than 4. Since we were a decent sized group of 5 adventurous, and hungry, diners, we decided it would be smart to basically order a variety of things off the menu and try each others dishes. First courses: I knew coming in of two dishes I needed to have. The first was Niku-Uni.  A raw sashimi like cut of flank steak served over a piece of nori and a shisu leaf, topped with a large pile of sea urchin. The dish was served with soy sauce which was necessary to complete the flavor of the dish. In what was to become an apparent trend, Takashi does not serve a dish with a sauce, or accompaniment as something optional. Each sauce or seasoning is designed to complete the flavor of what's in front of you. If there's a soy sauce, dip in it, if there's a lemon, squeeze it. The difference and enhancement of with vs. without is noticeable. Capish? Following the Niku-Uni we ordered what was to be one of the greatest things I have ever tasted. The foie gras stuffed Kobe burger served with a quail egg and chocolate BBQ sauce was unbelievable. Sound over the top? It is. But who cares, I could have ended the meal with that and left happy it was that good. We also had to order the Testi-cargo which lived up to its name, cow balls prepared escargot style, and tasted, well, like escargot. Delicious. An order of Achilles tendon, beef shank with steamed buns and spicy mayo finished our selection of appetizers. Main Courses: Never before have I seen a restaurant that uses one animal so efficiently. Each piece of cow is skillfully cut, prepared, and served so that while you're eating the same animal, every bite is different. For the table we selected a couple orders of skirt steak, beef cheek, tongue, sweetbreads, aorta, and belly. All were fresh and amazing in their own way, but the two that stick out in my mind are undoubtedly the skirt steak and sweetbreads. We all know how delicious skirt steak is to begin with, and while Takashi is full of much more adventurous cuts of beef, their cut of skirt takes the meat to a different level. It was melt in your mouth, the fat marbleized to perfection. The sweetbreads developed a beautiful char on the outside from the grill and barely had to be chewed they were so tender. The flavor was mild and fresh, complemented perfectly with the sauce it was served with. Needless to say, I will be going back soon.
I had to try the chuck flap with uni when I came, but I was definitely disappointed in this item. If you just HAVE to try it, then do so are your own risk, because these are literally 4 BITES for $26. and bland bites at that. I ordered the pickled zucchini appetizer which was not that great but had to force myself to finish it because this place is expensive and I had to get my money's worth. The beef on the other hand was fantastic. Very unique parts of the cow that you won't find at any ole' KBBQ place, so come with an open mind. I would go back but only on a special occasion.
Delicious.......  Sure, it's a bit pricey, but consider this an indulgence.   Everything was done perfectly.  Oh and I'll have 2 more orders of the Niku-Uni please!
I wanted to come here for a long time, so I had pretty high expectations.  While the service and the ambiance were great, I was disappointed by the food. Squid Ink Rice & Miso-Marinated Sweetbreads - Rice tasted okay but both the rice and sweet breads were mushy.  Texturally, the dish would have been enhanced with crispy sweet breads.  Blue Ribbon's version of this dish is much better. Niku-Uni - Beef was delicious with a generous help of uni, but the beef overpowered the delicate taste of the uni.  This is probably meant to be eaten in one bite, but I insisted on eating it in two and had a difficult time cutting the beef with my incisors. Tongue Experience - Definitely not the best tongue I've had.  (Hmm. Sounds a little dirty).  I prefer thin tender slices seasoned with salt and pepper and grilled.  No sauce. Beef Belly - These marbled beautiful pieces of meat were my favorite.  The fat coated your tongue and melted in your mouth.
We saw this place on a Bourdain show n was on top of our list when we got to NYC.  It didn't disappoint. Got there @ 7:30, they couldn't get us in until 9:30pm so we went n got a drink somewhere else. They called us 15 mins ahead which was nice, Service was friendly n attentive. Food was outstanding. We tried all. The exotic things.  All great. Had nice bottle of sake & draft beer. Would go back and back if we lived here.
This is officially my favorite Yakiniku spot in NYC.  Once you walk in, your waitress will offer to hang your coat so that your jacket will not smell like bbq when you leave.  It takes away one of the major cons of going to a bbq in my opinion.  The interior decor is full of drawings explaining the origin of the restaurant and the parts of a cow, which was quite interesting. Niki Uni - The uni wasn't as fresh as the one's you would get from Sushi Yasuda or any upscale sushi restaurants, but with the combination of the beef, it was the perfect blend. Calf's Brain Cream - This dish was quite interesting in that you're eating the brain. Kalbi - The best kalbi I've ever had..  With their grade of beef, it's pretty damn hard to beat.   Beef Belly - This was the best part of the meal in my opinion.  A lot of people would say that it's a toss up between the kalbi and beef belly, but I think the beef belly clearly wins the race. Tan-saki, Tan-suji & Tan-moto - Great dish to try if you are not sure which part of the tongue you would like.  This dish comes with all three parts in small portions, but enough for you to be satisfied. Tsurami - This plate was very tasty and chewy.  If you are expecting it to melt in your mouth, you're in for a surprise. Shibire - This was the most interesting dish for me because I've never had it and it was a new experience.  It had a crunchy texture on the outside and a creamy texture in the inside.   Kimo - This dish was mehh.. It had great taste to it, but it's just liver. Mino - A little chewy, but tasted great.. Not much to mention. Akasen - A mixture of chewy and creamy.  This is definitely my favorite part of the stomach.  This one definitely hits the sweet spot for me. Home-made Madagascar Vanilla Softserve Ice Cream - The ice cream was great, the yelpers got this one right.  It really does have good texture to the softness. Overall, it was a great experience.  I can't wait to go back there for their secret menu on the 1st of February.
Takashi is definitely one of the hidden jewels of West Village. It's tiny, but it's delicately decorated, and it's not as crammed as the other tiny restaurants in NYC. Their beef was so amazing I am out of words to describe the delicious melt-in-your-mouth-ness, freshness, and beefy-ness. Easily the best Asian style barbecue I have ever had in my life. Other than their heavenly beef, my favorite was the Niku-Uni. I cannot for the love of meat think of anything else more satisfying and delicious than fresh raw beef topped with raw sea urchin. It's a taste bud explosion in your mouth. Remember the first rule of going to a barbecue place though--wear clothes you don't care much about. Because you will smell like a piece of grilled beef after sitting in the restaurant for an hour. Not that I care much given the quality of food. It is a little pricey, but it's not much difference from some of the good barbecue places in K-town. And Takashi definitely beats them all.
This place might not be for you if you're not adventurous. Great selection of high quality meat. The uni over raw meat is to die for. It's a bit pricey, but i don't know any other place like this.
Took my girlfriend here for our anniversary. We are foodies and were excited about the menu. We were seated at the far end of the bar, facing the immaculate open kitchen staffed by a couple young looking Japanese guys. Takashi himself was presiding over the whole operation and came by our table several times to comment on when the meats were perfectly done and which way to try certain dishes. When the owner pays this much attention, you can almost guarantee an impeccable dining experience. We started with 3 appetizers, each served beautifully with much attention to artful presentation. The Uni was the best that I've had on the east coast and was placed on a slab of what appeared to be Wagyu beef or just a very marbled sliver of beef, either way the combination, placed atop a shiso leaf with nori was memorable. We followed with the cow testicles app, which was served escargot style in a shiso garlic butter. As we gobbled up these little wonders, we commented on how great it would have been if we had some bread to soak up the sauce. Takashi, seemingly telepathic, brought over some delicious slivers of rye bread to finish the job. Bravo again. The 3rd app was the Yooke, a raw beef with sesame oil and quail egg combo which I've had at Korean places before. Although lacking the usual fresh vegetable underlay, the quality and taste of this dish was unlike anything I've had before. A simple presentation which highlighted the quality of the ingredients. This was our favorite dish here. Sublime is an understatement. For the main course, we had the beef belly which you grill yourself on the 800 degree electric grill set into your table. The slivers of beef cooked very quick and gave the impression that you were eating beef sushi, of the highest quality. These were so good that the side dish of lettuce wraps and other veggies took a backseat. The beef flavor was THAT good. We also ordered the chef's meat tasting which included beef heart, liver, sweat breads, 1st stomach and 3rd stomach. Again, each piece was grilled to our liking and highlighted the varying flavors and textures of our friend, the cow. The meal was complimented by a smooth unfiltered sake as well as the dipping sauces, one of which is a peppery, fishy, fermented sauce which makes everything it touches better. Also, try the Coopers Ale, an Australian beer brewed in the bottle and comes with some sediment on the bottom. Refreshing. For dessert, a simple vanilla ice cream full of vanilla bean flecks, done better than most vanilla I've had in the past, complimented with a salty caramel sauce. Bravo again. A bit pricey, bill being almost $200 before tip, but well worth it. Service was top notch and friendly. We left full, satisfied and giddy. A gastro adventure we will surely revisit. Takashi, you are the man.
A little pricey~ but the Niku-Uni is def special there... we went early since they don't take reservation for 2 ppl... def recommend to make reservation if u have group of 4 or more... Tongue experience, beef belly, and Kalbi are highly recommended to order...
Ahh Japanese bbq- how I look for you everywhere. This place is fine- didn't have the mind-blowing experience everyone else seemed to have had. The Niku was good, meat was tender and juicy but everything was just okay. Service was very friendly though making the reservations required quite a bit of effort. Too pricey for most people. I would recommend Gyu Kaku for a cheaper and more filling option.
Secret late night (aka midnight) ramen isn't posted on Takashi's website, but can be found on their FB and Twitter as well as various food blog/sources online. Last Friday was fully booked when I inquired, but there were reservations for Saturday night. The ramen was pretty good. Menu had two choices: regular or spicy (they were identified with more elaborate names on the menu). I went with the spicy. Beef was really good (only one piece though, but additional can be added). It's not the usual rolled up and sliced chashu like most other ramen places, but more like Chinese braised beef belly. I also liked the noodles (thin, round), which the waitress said was specifically made for Takashi's beef broth. Beef broth was rich as described. Dense in texture more than flavor, and not quite drinkable like tonkotsu broth that I prefer. There was also crispy intestine, which the waitress said had all the fat extracted to make it extra crispy; I wasn't a big fan. Parties of two shared tables with another party of two. Per usual, friendly service. More quiet and laid back since everyone was indulging in a bowl of ramen. All in all, I'd go again for the midnight ramen.
What better night to nurse your hangover & forlorn heart than with a refreshing sake & sizzling bits of pancreas on a cold winter's Sunday? Eyes lighting up with every choice on the menu, I ordered a variety of dishes to try. My gentleman friend let me take the reigns on this one, and even though he was reluctant to try a few items, he later agreed that my selection was superb! The first dish to arrive was Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi), followed by Stewed Beef Tendon Casserole, and Bake-It-Yourself Oxtail and Potato Curry Pie. The first dish was featured on The Layover, and was just as spectacular as it Bourdain claimed it was. Tender, delicate, rich - the meat falls apart on your tongue and you think it's all over, but then shiso, seaweed, and wasabi all gang up on and remind you that its only a beginning. It's all quite sexy. But THEN came the Big Kahuna, a potent combination of Fioe Gras, Kobe Beef, and Chocolate BBQ Sauce - that can only be described as NC-17 flavors for your taste buds! I kid you not. This is better than falling in love for the first time. The beef cheek and sweetbreads were perfectly marinated and cooked by our waiter. There ware minimal distractions with rice bombs and grilled onions - the meat is the superstar here. There are much more tender morsels to try from the menu such as different kinds of cow stomachs, raw liver, calf's brain, etc. I will be returning very, very soon!
Can't say enough good things about Takashi.  This type of establishment is what makes NYC so great.  Where else nearby can you find a place that specializes in the special parts of the cow.  We love of course the standard cuts of meat, but the 'rarities' - being able to order multiple cow's stomachs and taste the textural differences, dining on the best freshness of heart, liver, tongue, etc. teaches an appreciation for being a carnivore.  Appetizers are always clever and creative and mostly hit their mark.  Service is friendly.  Bathrooms are Japanese.  Life is good.
Simply phenomenal. All there is on the menu is US Kobe. If you like beef and BBQ, this restaurant is just heavenly. Make sure to make a reservation.
The food is UNIQUE, and I think it's worth paying for something unique every once in a while. This is a pretty small space so make sure you have a reservation on the weekends. It's pretty easy to get seats during the week I think. I recommend the chocolate covered kobe beef slider. So good. The dishes are pretty $$$ for the portion size, but as long as you know you're paying for the exotic flavor combos and the experience, you'll hopefully be in the right mindset when the bill comes. If you're looking to leave feeling like you got a super good "deal," it's probably not this restaurant. I had a great experience and would go on a special occasion or to show friends from out of town.
Kobe beef Kalbi and tongue were decent, youke and other thing was just ok I had better before. Ice cream was not really good, I would pay $4 not $10 for this quality. I felt a bit pricy overall for quality. If you want to try something different mayb . Very smoky so wear casual.
Long overdue review! This place is dope dope. That's right.. i said it twice! Ever since this place showed on Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations, i knew i had to try it. This place is small but they take reservations which is a good thing, just not for people who want to do a walk-in. All three time I've went was a walk-in, quoted about 2 and half hr wait. Due to the natural of people canceling and just not showing up when they were called., our wait time was usually less than an hour. Takashi doesn't have a bar but while you're waiting for your seats, you can actually order a bottle of sake or drink to ease the wait time. Menu has a lot of the lesser eaten parts of the cow which is awesomeee! The MUST get - Niku-Uni ( chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) - Yooke ( (thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce ) Both items are raw but the quality is second to none matched by absolute freshness. That's pretty much Takashi's theme in a nutshell. For the grilling session, I'd recommend the Kalbi or the Rosu ( ribeye ). The flavor of the beef when cooked perfectly needs no sauce and the marbling on it is like a meat lover's wet dream . Downside is that you get 4 or 6 pieces ( can't remember) which leaves you begging for more. At about 20ish an order, it can add up. If you're adventurous, give the Testicargot (cow balls made escargot style) a shot. With an updated menu since my last visit, i'll be returning sooner than later. Takashi is not for the faint of heart but you'll need to throw this on your bucket list.
Saw the "Layover" episode and was inspired to eat here. Takashi was one of the highlights of our recent NYC trip. We dined at 10PM (our second dinner) and were able to get a seat at the bar without much of a wait. The Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin) was fresh and extremeley delicious. We ordered the Kalbi marinated in Takashi sauce and grilled it ourselves. We also ordered the chuck eye tartare with quail egg. If I had a bigger stomach I would have ordered more beef innards to grill. This is definitely a place for beef eaters.
If you've been to Takashi and have anything negative to say, we can't be friends. Seriously. That's how GOOD this place is. I've been here about 4 times, and each time is better than the last. I think people who say Takashi is over-hyped probably didn't order the right things, so if you go, here's what you need to order: 1) Uni w/ Kobe Beef--a combination made in heaven...seaweed, shiso leaf, slice of raw kobe beef, topped with a dollop of uni. I'm salivating as I write this... 2) Shabu Shabu--paper thin slices of meat that perfectly flavor the broth 3) Tongue--tender and delicious 4) 4th stomach--if you enjoy chewy bacon-like tasting things, order this 5) Beef Rib--if you're going to order one thing here, this MUST be it. Perfectly crusted, insanely good fall-off-the-bone meat that comes with a bourbon butter sauce. Need I say more? 6) Between the Rib Kalbi--so flavorful and tender 7) Madagascar vanilla ice cream--it may not sound impressive, but topped with their hoji or goji berry sauce...perfect end to the meal As if Takashi couldn't get any better, the atmosphere is unbeatable and the waiters are so friendly and helpful. The whole interactive experience of eating at Takashi makes for a great time that you and whoever you go with won't forget.
The service was great and the food out of this world. The Niku-uni was heavenly and the tongue bbq was delicious. Will definitely go back!
I've always enjoyed yakiniku in Japan and didn't think it was possible to get anything close to it in the states.  I'm also pretty wary of "celebrity endorsements."  However, I had to try this establishment after seeing my culinary rival, Anthony Bourdain (AKA, "I need a shower after seeing his sketchiness)", chow down on his pitstop tour.   My party and I arrived without reservations (get the reference?) on a Monday night and we were shocked to find that there was actually only a 7 minute wait.  One of the stars of our dining experience was the waitress - always efficient, always chipper, always making us feel welcome, and making, well, our day much better. Happily, as other yelpers mention, we were brought some house panchan and a pretty refreshing salad.   I tried the niku-uni appetizer.  Being a HUGE fan of perilla, I needed a special moment to myself when I saw that It was topped with a healthy, fatty piece of raw steak and a generous heap of uni.  Warning - small children should stop reading about the subsequent description of mastication techniques (R) - However, when you chew all of the ingredients together, the meaty texture of the beef holds the concoction together while the beef fat melts in your mouth with the uni.  The perilla soaks up any off-putting flavours and provides a perfume-like quality to the dish. The yakiniku wasn't shabby either - the beef belly, shio-tan, hatsu, and tsurami were amazing.  Out of the bunch, I would have to honestly say I enjoyed the beef tongue the most. Sure, the three of us (with alcohol) dropped over $200, but you know what?  It was totally worth it. I'll definitely be back!
Best BBQ I had so far. A great place for reunion too since the table is very small :-)
Went here a few weeks back for late night Ramen. Very tasty, especially the chunk of beef they put in there. I wanted an extra piece.
This is one of Anthony Bourdain's fav joint!
I was really hyped about this place when my friend told me to come here early to grab seats. Although we couldn't get a seat in the counter, the server gave us a table in the corner (no reservation). That was awesome of them. It was friendly service. But to all of us, the appetizers were the highlights of the meal. They were super innovative. The testicargot, which is cow testicles served escargot style was nothing great. But props for the concept. The bresaola with blue cheese was a great plated dish. The kobe burger stuffed with foie gras was served with a chocolate sauce poured on table side. It was a good slider, but the chocolate sauce we could have done without. The grilled meats/organs weren't as great as we expected. Overall, a solid restaurant.
MEAT! All of it fresh, accompanied with well seasoned sauces, beautifully presented and delicious.  Service was wonderful, friendly and attentive.  Start with the tartare and then figure out what you enjoy as there is nothing like barbecuing high quality meats at arm's length.  We had belly and cheek, and the result was a happy belly and smiley cheeks.  Uploading my pics to add to this brief review.  Good times!
Takashi is a great treat when it comes to enjoying luxurious cuts of beef and experiencing the cuts of organ meats.  Keep in mind many items of the menu are an aquired taste, and the small plates and price might be a deterrent.  If you come in hungry, get the Kobe Chuck flat steak (6 oz steak) and rice and you should be able to enjoy the other cuts of beef without worrying that you'll be hungry.   My Favorites: Niku-Uni - How can you go wrong, Kobe slice, Fresh Uni, this dish melts in your mouth and you really have to savor it. Kalbi (Kobe Shortrib) - Amazing and buttery cut of beef, the texture was smooth and fatty, we got it marinated with Takashi sauce. The Good: Tsurami (cheek) - very flavorful, we got it with garlic and sesame oil eat bite was delicious and the texture was rough and chewy. Hatsu (Heart) - I liked this a lot, I've eaten chicken heart at some yakitori places but never tried beef heart, this comes in very small bit size bites, you place them on the grill and grill for 1 minute each, the flavor is very hearty but not striking, the texture is like a smooth paste. The service was fantastic and very friendly and attentive, we sat in front of the chefs near the entrance, we got in after a 5 minute wait and were luckily because the people behind us were quoted a 40 minute wait and the manager took their numbers to let them know when a table would be ready. At no point did we feel rushed and we were able to enjoy each part of the meal at our pace. I sat looking at the large warning sign with a silhouette of a cow on it, I didn't really get it until I saw the sign, from my experience Japanese do not eat a whole lot of beef so when they do they explore the small cuts of every part of the cow and discover the flavor of each part.  That's what Takashi is to me, beef by nature is a luxury in japan, and Takashi takes the time and energy to translate the experience of japanese beef eating in america where beef is plenty, I learned to slowed down and enjoy the flavors and textures of each parts of the meat, it's an interesting and delicious experiment.
Ok so it's not as amazing as I imagined, it's nowhere near as good as Totoraku in Los Angeles. BUT it was still fun and some things were really good. I highly suggest their famous uni appetizer of course, the chuck tartare, beef belly, and the kobe beef steak. The tongue experience was a huge let down (I normally love tongue but this just wasn't as magical as others I've had before it) and the chef's selection of heart, liver, 2nd and 3rd stomach and sweetbreads was not very good. The heart and sweetbreads were my favorite but everything else was egh. The 2nd stomach I believe was the one that tasted exactly like how a cow smells. Exactly. The scallion salad and rice bomb were both sort of cheap additions to the meal to make sure you filled up and didn't spend $400. It was still a very expensive meal... Worth it once.
Warning: do not come here if you don't eat beef.  Also, don't come here before going to a nice event, as your clothes will smell like food. We ordered 3 appetizers and 3 grilling meats for the three of us and it was actually less food than we expected.  However, the food was quite good.  The tile of raw beef with uni and shiso was actually pretty light on the palate; the homemade bresaola had great toppings and won the approval of my Italian companions; and the beef shank buns were warm and flavorful.   To grill, we ordered the kalbi, rib eye, and beef belly.  All were good and cooked fairly quickly.  The beef belly was probably my favorite due to the the tenderness.  Unfortunately, we did not try the tongue or stomach, or anything more adventurous although I'm quite intrigued by them. One downside was that our cold sake was not particularly chilled.  I do believe they overdid it when trying to make it up to us.  Not only did they provide an ice bucket to chill our sake, they also gave us a second carafe and comped the sake altogether!
If you've experienced Gyu-kaku and are ready for something more refined and a lot more adventurous then Takashi is the hot must-try yakiniku spot. Located on Hudson Street in the West Village Takashi Inoue opened his small restaurant in the spring of 2010. Hailing from Osaka, Inoue spent a year sourcing out the cuts he now serves at the 34-seat restaurant. He specializes in beef and here you can try anything from beef tongue to heart and every intestine in between. Yes, Takashi is not for everyone. It's a place that needs an introduction and one that you'll either fall in love with or avoid at all costs. For those who dare the yakiniku experience here is authentic and an elegant affair. The meats from Dickson's and Pat LaFrieda are marinated in a sweet-salty mixture and grilled on high tech infrared grills built into the tables. If you're squeamish about trying organs start with the muscle-based cuts first like tongue, cheek, and even heart. Then you can work your way towards sweetbreads and the various intestines. Aside from the grilled meats a must-try item in Takashi's menu is the niku-uni, a piece of sea urchin on top of a thin slice of raw, marbled steak placed on top of a shiso leaf and nori. You eat it like a piece of sushi, wrap it slightly, dip in soy sauce and consume. It is sublime. The complex flavor of sea urchin contrasts with the oils of the steak and balanced by the herbaceous shiso. Now after you've been thoroughly educated on the various cuts of beef and you wish for something sweet, the single dessert item on the menu, the soft-serve ice cream is one of the best you'll find in this city. Check out my Examiner article for a guide to yakiniku in NY!
Hands down AMAZING. My top 3... let me just say these are all a must and they all melt right into your mouth. -Niku Uni, the beef and nori compliments the dish perfectly. -Foie gras kobe beef burger was phenomenal....loved the sauce and flavor of it all -Bone marrow & crawfish dumplings-Interesting but sooo good!! Had a bunch of other items to cook on the grill and they were all good. I'm a fan of this place, just don't bother with the testicargot.
though pricey and too-hard-to-get-in, this is still a place we never regret going to after the meal. With 4 ppl, you can get a reservation. Otherwise, good luck getting in! The meat is top quality as is the preparation. Love it!
My husband and I are in the city for the night and he has been wanting to come here for a very long time. We got to the restaurant early because they don't take reservations with parties with less than 4 people. When the doors opened promptly at 5:30, we were greeted with friendly smiles and we were seated quickly. The restaurant is quite small that seats approximately 35 people so you need to get there early. The decor was unique and very interesting. The menu board on the wall goes around 3/4 of the restaurant and the tables were similar to picnic tables with a small grill in the middle of it. Hanging from the ceiling was a black vent to catch the smoke from grilling. The noise level was very minimal and I never even noticed it on. Our waitress came to our table quickly and introduced herself. She explained the menu to us and made suggestions on some dishes since it was our first time there. She was very knowledgable and described all the dishes when they were brought out to the table.   We ordered many of the specials to share: Soft-boiled eggs en Cocotte, Bone marrow & crawfish dumplings, Calf's Brain Cream - one of our favorite dishes, Testicargot (cow balls escargot style w/garlic shiso butter). It was slightly chewy but an interesting dish. Raw: Namagimo (liver w/sesame oil & roasted rock salt) Niku-Uni (chuck flap w/sea urchin and fresh wasabi) Grilled: You cook! Kalbi (Short Rib) Beef Belly - our favorite, it was so tender and so delicious! Make sure to squeeze a little lemon juice on top to give it some added flavor! Chef's choice - 1st & 2nd stomach, Kimo (liver), Hatsu (heart) and Shibire (Sweetbreads) I tried their Japanese plum wine, which was a bit sweet so I had it with some ice to dilute it. We also tried a craft brew beer to compliment our meal. Dessert to top off our dinner: Home-made Madagascar Vanilla soft serve ice cream with a piece of honey comb laid on top. We had a choice of various toppings and syrups.   Most restaurants have after dinner mints, well this restaurant offers you Wrigley's chewing gum to refreshen your breath! I thought it was great and it went with the uniqueness of the restaurant. We would definitely like to go back for another fun and exciting dining experience, but the restaurant is a little pricey and not for you if you're on a budget. You'll have to be somewhat adventurous and open minded to try different parts of the cow not commonly eaten.
Quite good.  The lengthy reviews are deserved.  Reminds me of quality yaki-niku in Japan.  Alcohol selection is somewhat lacking, but how can you complain about a place that has Yebisu?  But quality of beef is good.  Menu is short, relative to yakiniku in Tokyo - needs more pork.  But certainly love their offal.  This certainly is special and deserves recognition.  One of my go-to "as good as Japan" places.  Much, much better than all the other yakiniku places in NYC.  Wish I could give 4.5 stars.
I've been dying to try this place since it aired on The Layover. A new Japanese bbq place in the city? Hell yeS! And the Niku-Uni looked amazing! So we ventured in on a Friday night. I looked like a scmuck, in a black tank top and grey cotton pants and my hubby in a tee and jeans. No one cared. Other people were in tank tops, or summer dresses. Tip: Get seated by the bar and you can watch the chefs prepare every bite! If you get a table seating, the chefs back is to you the whole time. We were seated in 5, ordered niku-uni, foie gras burger, tsurami, hatsu, scallion vinaigrette and kalbi. The Niku-Uni was as delicious as I imagined! I loved the textures of the crisp seaweed with the smooth richness of the uni and the buttery taste of the Kobe beef. Must have! And please take your time to appreciate the flavors and textures! I watched a couple next to me wolf it down and I wondered if they even chewed before swallowing. I also watched the same couple load their grill with stacks of meat. One of them said, "Hey this beef is still raw" (after grilling for 10 s). This is what NOT to do. The Kalbi was buttery rich, well marbled beef with Takashi sauce. I closed my eyes and let my tongue do all the interpretation. This was a romantic, bonding moment. My husband and I did not say much but our eyes and the food did all the speaking for us. It was a wonderful soul fulfilling meal. I didn't want to lose the taste of this last dish so no dessert/coffee/tea or gum for me. I went to bed blissful happy.
Came here at 9 on a Saturday with friends. Make reservations because this place is small and fills up quickly. Luckily we had reservations so we were seated right away. We started with the eggrolls (i believe they were the "philly cheese steak" ones). The order came with 2 but they were large so we were able to split them. They were quite tasty too. Then we had the Niku Uni. The Niku Uni was good, but maybe I had built it up in my head too much. I wasn't that blown away by it. We had the tasting of tongue and it was fun to try the 3 different cuts. Make sure not to overcook it or it will be tough. The beef belly came next and that was DELICIOUS! So juicy and rich. We also had the chef's selection. There were a lot of different cuts on this tray, but I think my favorite was probably the sweetbreads. Those were so nice and creamy. Overall it was a great meal and a fun experience. Don't come here if you're really hungry though as the portions are on the small side.
Original meat variety options. Delicious rice, sauces, and kimchi. Small restaurant so I'd recommend always making a reservation before going. It can get pretty tight so I'd keep that in mind. It's not for someone who will complain about having to cook their own food but rather enjoy a unique experience knowing you're eating a top grade. The wine here is pricey both by the bottle and glass but that's not unusual for Manhattan.
Takashi: The West Village's New Meat Mecca True to their title, we enjoyed a variety of raw beef entrails and internal organs of the highest quality, cooked on a Korean-Japanese style grill. These delicacies are not for the faint of heart. We nutted up and ordered the beef tongue, cheek, sweetbread (thymus gland of a baby calf) and heart. The perfectly marinated paper thin strips of cheek resembled bacon was our favorite cut of the night. I've always been obsessed with the soft creaminess of sweetbread so that was a win in my book as well- especially for how much we got for $12 (a tiny sweetbread tapa at Jack Lamb's Degustation would run for at least $18). The surprise of the night was plum sake that our waitress suggested with our meal. Hannya is a sake-based sweet plum liqueur, infused with red chili pepper and the bold flavor starts off sweet and then kicks you in the tastebuds. It was really something special. Next time I'm coming back for the raw chuck flap with sea urchin :)
Absolutely amazing! I have been here twice (wish I lived closer so that I can go more often).  It is not for the faint of heart though.  However there are things on the menu that everyone can try.   It's a fun atmosphere where you get to cook your own food.  Could be a perfect spot for a first date or just some friends catching up.  The ability to order as much as you want and try a few different things is so perfect.  You can always add more once you are done with your first order if you are still hungry which I like. Some of my favorite dishes: 1. Testicargot (cow balls escargot style with garlic shiso butter) 2. Kalbi (short rib) 3. Mino (first stomach) 4. Home-made Madagascar Vanilla  - it comes with a gold leaf! What girl wouldn't want that. One item I was not a fan of is Calf's Brain Cream (in tube) with Blinis & Caviar.  The presentation was perfect and Caviar was delicious.  The only thing that bothered me is the brain in a tube that I had to squeeze out.  I would have preferred it be chucky and in it's simple form. Review by SassyNatty
Great spot. Honestly.... Saw this spot on Anthony Bourdain's "Layover". I definitely was not disappointed. Food was fresh and seasoned to near perfection. (Can perfection be attained?) I recommend everything! I didn't have anything that I didn't like. Unfortunately they were out of some items for the grill... Beer was also cold and flowing freely.
Cozy spot for a quiet BBQ. Not going to be your typically-bustling joint where you are toasting "ganbei"!
Unbelievable. This place has the best yakiniku in NYC. The chuck eye tartare, the niku-uni, the Galbi Kobe, Angus, ribeye, spicy Japanese cucumber, spicy kimchi, sweetbreads, tongue, belly, short ribs, skirt steak, heart and sake are the best I've had in the City. Excellent service. subarashi deshita!
This place is unassuming from the outside... Almost walked right past it. However, the food on the inside speaks volumes. This is my kind of place. A shrine to meat. Nary a vegetable on the menu. The curtains to the kitchen proudly states that. Mega rib. Only three available each night. Get it if you can, even if you're there by yourself. It's fantastic. Cooked in the oven beforehand, brought out to your individual grill. Then seared with the bone off, drenched with bourbon, and set aflame. Hand cut in front of you on a carving board, aroma just filling your nose. Heavenly. Beef belly. Soft. Marbled. Melts in your mouth. Get it. Niku uni. Sea urchin (no briny taste... Texture of sour cream) on top of a tender slab of raw beef, a leaf, and seaweed. Unique, tasty, unlike any other sea urchin i've ever had. Service was great. Waitress and hostess were both polite and patient. Would come back in a heartbeat, as long as they have a seat for me!
The ice cream was AMAZING. for only $7 + rice dumplings, never had soft ice cream so yummy. Oh yeah, not to be tongue and cheek, but the tongue and cheek was yummy, the tongue with the "seasoned" style, and the cheek with the special sauce.
This place makes me happy that I'm a carnivore. A friend and I wandered in around 530 and were promptly seated at one of the 3 open bar seats that don't require reservations. The other table grills requierd a minimum of 4 and were atleast 1.5 to 2 hr waits because those are the time limits imposed on the spots. I ate so much raw meat it was amazing. For appetizers we ordered the crawfish and marrow dumplings. These were delicious and meaty, but not dumplings at all. I would have to say that they were more like delicious meatballs. But... I didn't taste any crawfish. It was marrow, meat, and love magic in my mouth. I mean that in the best way possible. We also had the beef tartare, this was less mashed meat and more strips of raw meat with some seaweed and a quail egg mixed in. Who know raw meat could be this delicious? I didn't, but now I do. Also, the Uni on squares of raw beef. Delicious. That's all I can say about it. Fresh Uni and awesome meat on a square sheet of seaweed. The beef cheek was good. Nothing special, but delicous. The 6 oz. Kobe beef for $30 bucks. It was cooked amazingly by the server. It was fatty and delicious and cooked a nice rare bloody tone. The sesame oil style dipping sauce was perfect for this. I love this place. So delicious. Best BBQ ever.
what it is: quality food in an intimate, clean, and charmingly rustic setting. highlights: one word to describe everything.. FRESH! you can taste the ingredient whether it's meat, veggies, the beverage, etc. lowlights: the portion size, going in hungry will leave a chip in your wallet. I went at 9pm on a Sunday evening, there was no wait. We made reservation just in case, but it was not necessary.
This was an incredible and unique experience!  How often do you get a chance to eat at a restaurant where half the menu is raw beef and the other half is grill it yourself?  It's such high quality beef, there are no odors or anything.  When I first looked at the menu, I didn't actually think I would like it.  It seemed like a list of excesses.  Kobe foie gras burger with chocolate bbq sauce?  A bit much ... or so I thought.  It was SO good.   The steak tartare had a very unique taste, and is not seasoned the way western tartare is often seasoned.  We also go the chef's selection for grilled meats, which I think is good for first timers, but if I were to go again I would probably just select the meats I want.  You HAVE to get the beef belly.  This couple next to us ordered a lot of the appetizers and they looked amazing!  My next trip would probably be the appetizers.  The granny's buns looked pretty awesome.   Also, arrived around 8pm on Sunday night and was told it would be a 90 minute wait.  I think we only really waited for 40 minutes and we went to get coffee in west village while waiting.  It is on the pricey side, but it's worth it for the quality and the experience.
My husband and I went to Takashi for the first time on Friday, May 11th, 2012. We loved the food, which you could taste the quality of, but of course, it came with a price (literally). But what we loved equally was the service, which was exceptional. We had this wonderful Korean American girl serve us at our table and she was so nice, friendly, and seemed really genuine. She made us feel so relaxed and at home and of course, we left a nice tip. I feel bad, but I am giving Takashi four stars instead of five, because the seating arrangement was so spatially limited that both my husband and I had to eat with our elbows bent! But seriously, it was worth it.
Takashi specializes in premium Japanese style beef BBQ, including familiar cuts, such as belly and ribeye, as well as "horumon" cuts. "Horumon" is a Japanese term for cow (and sometimes pig) offal, such as heart, stomach, liver, and sweetbreads. An entire wall of the restaurant is dedicated to cutesy chalkboard drawings explaining each cut, with plenty of questionable health claims about the benefits of eating horumons. We tried the following: * Beef belly - $18 * Rosu (ribeye) - $24 * Tan (tongue) experience - $20 * Horumon-moriawase (chef's selection of horumon) - $44. IIRC, we got heart, liver, third stomach, and sweetbreads. The meat here is tasty and very pricey. Think KBBQ prices for a third of the meat. I liked the belly, ribeye, and tongue but not everything else. This was my 2nd experience with horumon BBQ, and I've concluded that it really is not my thing. Takashi also has a lot of innovative meaty appetizers. We tried: * Bone marrow and crawfish dumplings with Hong Kong style hot peanut oil sauce - $16 per dumpling. The servers pour the hot peanut oil over the dumplings at the table. Beware of oil splatter!! * Niku-uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and wasabi) - $12 per piece * Foie gras stuffed mini Kobe burger with chocolate BBQ sauce - $20 Since I don't particularly care for bone marrow, foie gras, or sea urchin (gasp!), none of these appetizers really worked any magic on me. Each table was given a few small dishes of complimentary kimchi and cabbage in a garlicky miso dressing. The dressing was really delicious. We asked for a refill of cabbage and ended up with a $2 charge on our bill. I always find it silly when pricey restaurants nickel and dime you for really small things like that. Other Notes * Like all grill-your-own-meat BBQ places, Takashi will make you very stinky after the meal. Be prepared. * We fit 10 people at the largest table, but it was a bit of a squeeze. I wouldn't recommend coming with any more than 10 people unless you split up.
Steak Tartare was fantastic. Short rib in Sauce choice 1- perfection. Ribeye with sauce choice 2- pretty good. Seaweed white rice, perfect combo to meats.
Best meal in NY.  If I could have one last meal in NY, here it is.  The chef got this place right - korean bbq done with that Japanese immaculate attention to detail is a killer combination.  The rice is perfectly cooked (if you know your asian food, you know this is critical for the best meal on earth), the quality of the meat is out of this world, and the flavors are definitely having a party in the mouth.   My recommendation?  Don't get the special hunk of bison ribs or whatever special they have going on.  For a party of 2, keep it simple - if it's your first time - and get the unmarinated and marinated short rib, one rice, one order of that rice/seaweed wrap/thing, some beer, a side order of kimchi and you can escape with a fairly reasonable price.  If you have 4, stop trying to try everything and enjoy what you have...it's not always greener on the other side.  Just double up everything I just wrote.  While the other side dishes are delicious and worthy, I don't think you need to break the bank to have a crazy good meal here.  Just resist the urge!  They take reservations too, and will call you when the table is almost ready, so it's a pretty sweet deal.  I don't mind going across the street to the dive bar and getting a couple cold ones while I wait either.  What a great freaking spot.
A friend and I got here at 6pm on Saturday. They open at 5:30pm, but we had to wait for 2 hours.. They don't take reservations for 2 people. However, their kalbi was amazing. Tan was great, too. It was worth it.
I think this place falls in the "over-hyped" category. Granted, I had high expectations coming in because I liked the idea of "adventurous Japanese food", and Anthony Bourdain had endorsed it. But, my main conclusion about this place was that it bases its food on the quality of the ingredients, not necessarily on interesting new flavors or combinations. This is great for some, but I just found myself eating kind of weird foods that didn't really hit the spot or fill me up. The non-grilled/appetizer dishes we got: -Niki-uni, basically a slice of raw meat with sea urchin, wrapped in a leaf and seaweed: this is very highly touted by other Yelpers, but when I ate it I basically tasted lots of pure uni flavor, then raw meat...the combo was nice texturally, but didn't really mix flavor-wise for me -Bone marrow and crawfish dumplings: ok, these were actually meatballs that tasted like they had some shrimp in them...these were alright -Granny's buns: definitely tasty, but very close to other pork belly buns that you can find at almost any new-age/"cool" modern Asian restaurant in the city right now -House bresaola, which was basically a beef tartare with blue cheese: perhaps the most interesting in terms of combining flavors On the grill, we got the kobe (great, as you would expect), the beef belly (not bad, but expected it to be better based on the effusive praise from our waitress) and the cheek (not tasty). Perhaps it's that we didn't go adventurous enough and choose the stomachs or tongues or whatnot. Also, overall, this food isn't cheap and doesn't come in large quantities. Our waitress actually told us we ordered too much at first and advised that we take off an extra appetizer; we ended up ordering another grill item after we finished everything else and were still hungry, but that still wasn't really enough to feel full. I would also say that all the grill options will feel incredibly overpriced unless you have really fine appreciation for high-quality meats. Overall, it was a somewhat disappointing experience on almost all dimensions except ingredient quality: taste, quantity, price, and "adventurousness"
Maybe I had great expectations and wanted my socks to be knocked off. Don't get me wrong, food was great, but socks still on. The calf's brain in a tube was an interesting combo with caviar, and to chase it with a double shot of vodka. Nicely done, I might say... but the bbq items were just ok for me. It was a great time and service was outstanding. The service bumped it to 4 stars. I'll definitely return again.
Slightly overrated. Perhaps after living in Japan for so many years I developed a more authentic taste for ramen. But the late night ramen was more of a scene for foodsters than for actual good ramen. I had the original beef based ramen. While it was okay and I'd eat again, it did not offer anything above other 'decent' ramen spots. This place receives a lot of hype and I'm not yet sure why. Perhaps I should go back to check out the yakiniku during the day.
My most fave sushi spots in the city! Look for Jack, the best sushi chef behind the bar. He has the best Uni from Santa Barbara hidden behind the sushi bar! Drools...
I came here with really high expectations. Arrived around 7pm on a Thursday and the wait was about an hour long. That's fine, my friend and I just stopped by a bar near by for the meantime. The only things I like about this restaurant is the Niku-Uni..it is delicious. I also liked how they let you choose your own cup for your drinks. other than that...the food is just ok.
The best beef I ever eat!
Another place with a great potential ruined by a visit of Antony Bourdain. I was here on my b.day with my lovely girlfriend. I had a good time, and did taste some interesting and delicious things. But it was too overpriced for what you get. We had the bone marrow and crawfish dumplings. ATTENTION: you get 2 dumplings for $16, and you can't even taste the bone marrow. Testicargot: kinda tough, unfortunately. Foie gras stuffed mini Kobe burger w chocolate sauce: Here you get ONE for $20. Truly delicious, but quite small. Yooke (chuck eye tartare w quail egg): delicious, but, again, $16 for a bite or so. Niku-uni (sea urchin): #4 for $24, not to die for, way overpriced. Horumon-Moriawase (chef's selection: first stomach, fourth stomach, heart, liver and sweetbreads): #15 microscopic pieces for $28, meat kinda tough, very underwhelming. Super small portions. Super overpriced. Super rushed. As soon as u empty a dish they're on you. They keep pushing u to order and eat your food as soon as possible. They bring many dishes at the same time, which, for the price u pay, they should give u the time to taste them. Supermarket feel. Never ever again.
Unfortunately didn't get to try any offal, but had some of the most delicious pieces of beef I've ever eaten. They also have Coopers pale ale which increases the awesomeness twofold.
Takashi is my new favorite restaurant in NY. It's absolutely amazing for those of you who are looking for something adventurous and off the beaten path. It's also a super fun date spot if you're looking to impress a foodie who has tried it all. Who would have though that raw meat would be so decadent and addicting...? Here's what I usually get: RAW: Niku-Uni - uni (sea urchin) on top of raw chuck, shiso leaf, and seaweed. This is probably one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. I actually insisted on ordering two orders last time I was here. I think it would be on the short list of things that I'd want to eat if I only had one more meal on earth. Yooke - thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare with raw quail egg yoke. The waiter pours out the egg yoke from the tiny little speckled shell and mixes it into the tartare, The first time I tried this, I was a bit skeptical. Despite the beautiful presentation, it looked a bit like little mound of ground beef with a tiny egg on top. My skepticism was disarmed at first bite and now I order it every time I'm back. Delicious! GRILLED: Horumon-Moriawase (chef's selection) - if you want to try unusual cuts, go with this. It typically comes with sweetbread, liver, heart, and two types of stomach. My favorite was the heart because it was super tender with the sweetbread in a close second. The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was one of the stomachs because it was too rubbery. Definitely ask the server how long each cut should be cooked because that will have a large impact on how it tastes. They're happy to cook it for you as well. SAKE: Hakkaisan from Niigota - dry, crisp, and delicious. When you order sake, they bring out a tray of all different cute little cups for you to choose from.
im on my way to takashi at the moment and im pretty jazzed up with all of the great reviews. looking forward to being ass deep in some cowparts in about an hour. be back soon best maxta p _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ so this little place is definitely something most should check out. the tongue experience was very interesting although i feel the gyu tan still has best over all flavor and texture. i also sampled the cheek, stomach, and of course the ever popular kalbi. the cheek was something new to me and i was very pleased with the flavor and slight chewiness. the stomach was alright but because of its long cooking time i didnt enjoy it as much as the tongue and cheek. the stomach was high quality though and didnt contain any of the gamey or bile flavor normally associated with stomach or intestines. the kalbi was of course very good and i would recommend getting it without the takashi marinade so you can truly enjoy the flavor. i am definitely going to repeat my visit sometime soon. best maxta p
I hate to say it but this place is over-hyped.  Yes, the Niku Uni was food porn but everything else that we ordered was just meh.  I live in Los Angeles where KBBQ is king, and Takashi definitely disappointed.  I would say it's a level higher than Gyu-Kaku but not nearly close to Kang Ho Dong Baekjeong in LA .  New Yorkers...come to LA and try real KBBQ :) Meal that cost roughly $108 -Niku Uni -Yukhoe -Beef Tongue -Beef Belly -Beef Heart (the cheapest but best out of the bunch) -Beef Cheek With two Orion beers and tip, I shelled out roughly $165 for the entire meal.  Penny pinchers...you've been warned!
Food was good the raw stuff is yummy.  But it is way overpriced.
Oh Takashi, you make this out-of-towner want to book the next flight to NYC just to eat dinner with you tonight. Really, you are just that great. Perfect location in the West Village, among brownstones and far away from the tourist scene (yeah, I'm an LA girl, but I like to think my husband and I are NYers at heart). Small space and intimate, just like having dinner in a friend's gorgeous loft. Sweet, helpful, and just plain cool staff cooking up the best marbled beef PETA would ever protest about. The sauces, you ask? To. Die. For. Yelpers, if you have been thinking about eating here, I have one suggestion: GO.
The quality of meat is amazing in here but I only eat normal beef.. I couldn't enjoy any other things on the menu.. but if you are a challenge person, def have to try all. Also little bit pricey.
Delightful. We tried some really unusual cuts with excellent results -- and the server was extremely helpful, good at making recommendations for various levels of adventurer. My friend had the grandmother's BBQ buns and the ribeye yakiniku and was very happy with both. I started with the bone marrow and crawfish dumplings (more like meatballs) which were delicious, and moved on to the mixed grill which introduced me to first and fourth stomachs -- both amazingly tasty -- and re-validated my love for heart and sweetbreads. Each was marinated just slightly differently so the tastes were yummy as well as varied. For dessert we shared the vanilla soft serve with the works: mochi, red beans, and black rice flour or seeds, plus a super umami salty caramel sauce. It was the perfect way for folks with an American sweet tooth to appreciate the textures of more Asian-style toppings. Overall a great meal, and a very gentle way to be eased into unusual meat cuts.
Awesome, fun date spot. Cooking yourself is fun, although I thought I'd get a little bit more on the main portions for grilling. Appetizers are all amazing here. Seems like you can't go wrong. Plus, got great service and generally had a great time here and didn't regret the kind of high price that I paid for it because it was just an overall fun and tasty time.
Anthony Bourdain, I must agree, this place may be the best place in all of NYC....!!!
Sapporo on tap, really nice staff, amazing beef, fresh produce and great atmosphere. I'm so happy Takashi is only a few blocks away from me.
I'm not sure I've seen another place like this in New York, come if you're feeling adventurous with what parts of the cow you're eating.   The good points: everything smelled/tasted/felt very fresh.  The marinades they serve on the meats and for dipping are very well done.  Nailing these already puts them in my good graces.   However, there are definitely some things holding it back from a 5 star review.  1) The uni and beef appetizer is pretty imbalanced in flavor, the uni completely overwhelms any taste of beef.  My advice would be to either slice more beef or get rid of it all together.  2) Portions are sometimes on the small side 3) Prices are a somewhat out of control, this must rank among the most expensive BBQ restaurants in the city.   Overall for what the restaurant is, it does well.  That being said, while I consider myself fairly adventurous, there were some things that tasted superb (belly, stomach, heart, sweetbreads), and there were others that had me wondering if it's there simply for that shock factor rather than dining enjoyment, most prominent being the brain served in a toothpaste tube, which taste was like a bitter slightly off foie gras.   It's an admirable concept, but I'm not sure it checks all the boxes for me.
The meat was amazing, I even tried tongue which I said I would never eat and it turns out I'm a fan.... very yummy, BUT the portions are quite tiny and the meat does not come with anything, you have to order rice or veggies on the side. However because of the quality I have no regrets.
Dude so expensive . For two people it was like 200 dollars (with tip and tax) and the portions of meat were so small !! I rather take my money elsewhere. The meat was good quality, but not worth the price. Uni on raw beef: pretty good for such a weird concept. I would get this. Foie gras burger: my favorite dish here! But it was so small that I did a double take and accidentally let out a little giggle. It was quite yummy though. I love grill meat. But I couldn't really taste the difference of the high quality meat (i can see that it was high quality though). I rather just go to happy hour at gyu kaku and be  equally satisfied and come out with a heavier wallet. If you have money to burn, then it's a good place to try the small meat dishes .
Head there 15 minutes before the restaurant opens. You will see a line outside it. Promptly join the line. Eat the Niku-uni, and beef belly. Have a bowl of rice. Gobble up the ultra spicy kimchi. Wash it down with a glass of ice-cold Suntory beer. Leave a big tip for the service. Leave the cafe, happy.
The Good - The aorta texture was very interesting.  The ox tail was good.  The rice (very important to me , esp with this kind of BBQ) was well done. The Bad - They estimated an hour wait and said they would contact us by phone.  We went across the street to the wine bar and after more than an hour, we got their message.  We paid our bill and got there between 5-8 minutes later (the wine bar was not accepting credit cards so we had to search our wallets for cash and wait to get change).  The host informed us that they had already given away our table (to a couple that had not been seated yet).  So we waited another 20-30 minutes for another table.   The meat quality was average.  The uni dish was good, but I couldn't taste the beef.  The pate on toast was not well-proportioned.  There was a thin liver of pate spread across a really thick piece of toast.  We also ordered a special white miso kalbi dish - the sauce was nice but the kalbi meat was just ok (especially compared to some of the Korean BBQs in LA).  The ice cream dessert was also average.   This place succeeds because of Anthony Bourdain and the novelty factor, but when you get down to it, the dishes are not worth the high prices. The Ugly - None.  The decor was cozy and charming.  The chalkboard wall contained lots of charming and historical meat/innards info.  The seating was comfortable, and the smoke from the BBQ was sucked up by these cool metal ventilators that slide down when in use.  The bathroom says, "Employees and carnivores must wash hands."
Really good BBQ food. Hard to get seating, though. Supposedly only allow reservations for 4 or more people (though I'm not sure how they can seat more than 5 at any table). Recommended - special mega tender rib, shabu shabu, beef shank buns, sake lees soup Skip - cheek, heart
I tried their squid ink rice, short rib, intestine & their dessert. I really liked their food and the mini grill on the table was fun. My friend and I really enjoyed it and our face were grilling too. I only gave them 4 stars because the portion was soooo small i had to order more and still not enough. If you go to korean bbq grill you get much more for less $ but it was a good experience though and it's Manhattan. I probably gonna come back to try out other menus.
David P. is entitled to his opinion, but perhaps he would find cuisine more to his liking on an all you can eat cruise ship or at McDonald's. This restaurant is designed to provide culinary delights, and delivers on its promise.  For a dining experience centered on only meat, Takashi nevertheless offers an extraordinarily wide range of tastes and experiences, many of which can be classified as "off the charts". Here's the quick checklist: 1.  The service is friendly and prompt; 2.  The aromas are tantalizing; 3.  The cooking, which is done by guests at their own tables, is fun; 4.  The are a multitude of offerings on the menu; 5.  The ingredients are of the highest quality. This restaurant is well worth a try.  My wife and I have been there twice, and were not disappointed either time.
I have been searching for a really good yakiniku place that is just as good as the ones I found in Tokyo. Takeshi is the real deal, offering great customer service, an excellent menu and very high quality meats. I ate by myself and had two plates of meat, which was just a bit too much but don't regret it. Te meat was mouth watering and delicious. I felt completely transported back to Japan and plan on many more visits to Takeshi.
Amazing! It is so great to have such a great little asian gem in the neighborhood.  The meat was perfect and the ingredients so fresh. Sapporo and Blue Point on tap.  Make sure to get the soft serve ice cream at the end!  Last night was our first time there and we are already planning our next trip back! This is a must go...
Really, i should give this place 10 stars considering I love it during regular hours for yakiniku and during late night for ramen. Love the niku-uni (sea urchin on top of raw beef...how could you go wrong?). Grilled beef belly and the different stomachs were amazing.  So many good things on the menu, couldn't try everything i wanted to. Late night ramen:  AMAZING!  I got the spicy and my hubby got the regular.  Both were delicious, but I prefer the spicy.  Beef broth with beef belly.  Their beef belly trumps any cut of pork...anywhere.  Melt in your mouth goodness.
Takashi is about Korean-style Japanese Barbecue. Grills at each table flanked my the open kitchen, it's serving up something unique and savory. All kinds of meats - stomach, tongue.. I know it may sound savage, but hey.. may as well eat the entire cow and not waste. Especially when its so delicious.. excerpt from macnchis.wordpress.com review  ;)
I am a bad bad bad bad bad Hindu. Too bad, cause DAMN I love me some beef. We chose well. The Biff and I brought Troy out for a night on the village. Seating took about 15 minutes despite reservations. I can understand though because the place is small, and this is NOT a place to rush a meal. The food engages all the senses and is truly a treat. Not to mention I got to gorge myself on so much freaking beef. The service is yakiniku meaning you can grill your food (for the most part) to your liking at the table itself. Don't  mistaken leave a sake bottle or your hand on said grill, because you will not enjoy yourself. We had: Beef tongue, heart, US Kobe, Braseola, and "testicargo,"(harumph snicker giggle). We had some other things too, but I assure you it was all good! This was one of the most rewarding meal experiences I've had. Yeah I spent a lot of money, but no, I did not regret it. This place has value in the quality of the food and the sheer experience. It was a great time had by us all, and most importantly the Biff ate bull testicles.
Quality: Great Customer Service: Very Poor. They have Two Hour Limit Restaurant Policy. Well that's ok, understandable. But if they have such policy, they should try to let customers use the limited time as efficiently as possible. Everytime we tryied to order someting, our waitress made a face and told us to WAIT. Hello? Time is ticking! And when a Maitre'd told us we have 20 mins left, we tried to order some dessert. We thought we could just share some.. it's not going take long to finish.. but the waitress told us "You don't have time!". She was so mean!! Then she gave us a check with 20% tip included!! Unbelievable. We were very dissapointed. I'm never going back to this place again.
I ate things I never thought I would (or could)....and they were amazing! This is our new favorite restaurant in NYC and we will eat here every time we visit. We didn't have a reservation, but 3 of us showed up anyway to see if we could get a table. They sat us immediately with the understanding that we had about 1.5 hours to eat due to booked reservations. We agreed and started our dining experience. They finally kicked us out about 3 hours later after we ate half the menu and had 2 bottles of wine.  ;-) I suggest you don't even look at the menu...just ask your server to bring out the best dishes. You'll enjoy them all! We had the Testacargot (first time I ever had balls in my mouth...and they were delicious), Beef Schmaltz Crostini (with Truffle oil - yum), 1st Stomach, 2nd Stomach, the Tongue "Experience," intestines, sweetbreads and our favorite....cheek! Like I said...I ate stuff I never thought I could and I love every bite. Enjoy!
The food here is delicious! We had the beef tartar to start and then the pork shoulder and short rib. Although a bit surprised by the prices, the food was excellent quality and if I was inspired to throw down a few extra bones, I'd likely go back.
Absolutely amazing service. Our servers was extremely attentive, gave good recommendations and even helped us plan our upcoming trip to Japan. The menu is extremely beef heavy, so not the best place for people who are into that. Order the sake and get a choice of beautiful ceramic sakeware. Cook your own beef here is the main draw. Definitely a great place to try something new and get outside of your comfort zone.
Excellent quality of meats.  The vents were very interesting and the decor beautiful as was the toilet even though many of the functions on the toto toilet were broken.  Everything was perfect except for the fact that we wished they would have some vegetable sides to accompany the meats so that the meal was more balanced.  We also wished that the portion sizes were just a little bigger.  Even though it was only two of us I think 6 pieces of  meat per portion so we could have three each would be good not just three to be shared between two people at nearly 20 bucks a dish.  Lastly,  we had difficulty communicating what we wanted to our waitress who though was trying very hard to give great service was being over motherly ( which we understand is a Japanese custom at  some restaurants).  We just want a knowledgeable waitress we could explain what we want and get recommendations from and that exchange is not something we could share with our waitress.  We were also put off by the baby voice she would go in and out of of which we both find kind of seeks a pedo appeal.  We really liked the american asian girl who was there  and we know it offended our server that I had to ask ask the other girl our questions but she just was not able to have the information exchange we needed.  We would recommend the chefs taster dish which comes with several different meats and the sweetbread exclusively.  We also loved the liver.  If the portion sizes increased we would be back again.
Wow. This brought back so many memories from my childhood. You open the door and you already know it is good. This is the NY dining experience we were looking for. The waiter was very polite and helpful all evening. People already wrote about the food. It's all true. It's wonderful, and you should go if you can get a reservation. We were told it is difficult.
This was the best experience I have had in recent memory in a restaurant. Came late on a Monday and seated immediately, though the waitress (Mimi was AMAZING) said there'd been a two hour wait the day before. The menu is impressive, with creative and playful appetizers and a startling array of beef and beef offal options. Is it cheap? Not how we did it, but the service was impeccable, enthusiastic, and helpful. The food was fresh, delicious, and we kept it coming. When we asked what was sweet in the neighborhood for a dessert (as we hadn't seen a dessert menu and had already paid), we had ice creams with salted caramel topping brought to us for free. This isn't the place to be thrifty, and no, the portions aren't huge. But you're paying for novelty and freshness here. Where else are you going to get testicle escargot (delicious and surprisingly not chewy) and calf brains in tubes (I broke a nail trying to get the rest out of the tube)? Will definitely be going back. As often as the wallet allows.
Finally tried Takashi after having this place on my radar for so long. The meat is very high quality for a yakiniku/kbbq type place. I loved their appetizers (uni/wagyu/shiso, beef tartare, and burger w/ foie and chocolate sauce)! The cuts of meat were all amazing but the standouts of the night was the chuck flap and the short rib! Unctuous and amazing. We finished our meal with the Madagascar vanilla ice cream which was delightful. I will be back, again and again and again! Keep in mind that this is a BBQ place. Your clothes and hair will smell like smoke after so plan accordingly.
This is one hell of a damn great restaurant. As a beef lover I came here knowing I would be transported to heaven and have the meals of my dreams. And boy was I right and in all my glory. I was alone and definitely ordered way too much food for a normal person. But when it comes to wonderful fod and incredible meat, I tend to throw caution out the door. Going in I knew that I had to try the special MEGA SPARE RIB. The preparation changes I am told but on the menu last night was flambeed in bourbon and served with a caramel apple sauce. Yes, you heard that right. It's a HUGE beef rib that is slowly braised in some delicious marinade for hours until it is fall off the bone tender. The server drops these monstrosity on the grill at the table to crispy it up and get a super aweosme char. Right at the end they pour bourbon on the rib and flambee it on the grill! OMG, as if the rib itself didn't draw enough oohs and ahhs from nearby diners, the flambeed tableside presentation did. The meal slide right off the bone, is placed on a wodden blank and shredded by the server. Dipped in the caramel apple sauce or their homemade special sauce (like a sweet soy with sesame seeds) and this was darn near one of the best things I've ever eaten. Only caveat is the price varies. They start at 40 but last night they only had very big ones, so it cost $77. But its the best money you will ever spend. And I am not really ashamed to say I managed to devour the entire beef rib, much to the delight of my sever as my jealous neighbors watched me savor every bite. To get the full experience I had to try a few more dishes. I went with the beef belly and the cheek. To be completely honest, the beef belly was good but not spectacular. I think it is because I like my beef usually to be rare, and when you are grilling little pieces on such a hot open flame that impossible. Still, the flavor was wonderful but a bit chewy. Same can be said for the cheek. Its sliced paper thin, and all you need to do is grill is literally 10 seconds per side. A side of white rice was thrown in for good measure not not sure why but the rice was even spectacular. I love Takashi and can't wait to go back and feast on the rest of their incredible offerings. Oh and the service was absolutely terrific! The guy who takes your name was very nice and offered his opinions on the menu as I waited and my server was also great.
I LOVE THIS PLACE, meat lover's paradise! 5 STARS. There is always a wait, so try to make plans in advance. Foie Gras stuffed mini kobe burger with choclate sauce sounds like a strange combo, but it's really good. Must try their Uni & wagyu chuck ontop of shiso leaf.  Perfect combo of flavors. My fave meats: tounge, short rib, and chuck flap (hand grated fresh wasabi is the perfect compliment). They have really good dessert as well, try their Madagascar soft serve ice cream with mochi. My friends and I felt like we ate a whole cow! Tip: They only take reservations of 4 or more. You can make reservations online. It's a BBQ place, so your clothes will most likely smell afterwards.
Love it!
I'm into all kinds of meats and parts of an animal, and they have a good variety.  We had bone marrow dumplings (not big, but amazingly deep flavors), schmaltz (beef lard) crostini (omg, so yum), tongues, beef, beef belly (the best), and Korean-seasoned rice balls (bakudan - won't order again). Is a small space but sitting at the bar w/ a grill in front of you didn't feel crammed.  One thing, though, was that even thought this is a Japanese restaurant, it is run w/ the pace of a Korean restaurant - everything happens quite fast.  Food isn't cheap and you get good "eating experience" here.  But it's not a "dining experience" you'd expect when you spend $150 for 2 people.  They turn tables fast, and you feel rushed, which isn't a good feeling after spending $$.  And I don't like my wine served in a regular glass.  But that's just me :-)
Oh wow! What else can I say! This place overwhelmed me with it's modern decor and adorable chalk illustrations lining the walls. The food was fantastic, probably the BEST Korean BBQ ever! We ordered the rib eye marinated with olive oil, salt and pepper. The short ribs and the veggie platter. We also ordered the rice bomb topped with seaweed and sesame leaf and as a starter the flash boiled first stomach. Yes it sounds disgusting, but the stomach was tender and fatty seasoned in salty sour sauce. It was an enlightening experience really. The rib eye was tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned. As were the short ribs. The rice bomb (budakan) was basically logs of perfectly cooked rice some topped with nori and some with sesame leaf. These were also delicious and a perfect starchy side. The meal starts with a small dish of cabbage leaves in a garlic ginger sesame dressing, three words TO DIE FOR. The slightly crunchy and rubbery texture of the cabbage paired well with the light dressing. There was also bean sprouts and of course kimchi. Our server was really friendly and helpful and clearly had a passion for the food. Now onto dessert. They have one option only, house made vanilla soft serve ice cream. You can choose many different toppings including: rice flour dumplings, black sesame and soybean flour, sweet beans, and hoji or green tea syrup. I chose rice flour dumplings and the black sesame and soy bean flour. First off the ice cream was perfectly sweet, smooth, and had a real vanilla punch. It was honestly the best soft serve vanilla I have ever had. It was not just ordinary vanilla, but Madagascar vanilla so of course it had to be good. The rice flour dumplings were wonderfully chewy, soft, and moist. A definite must for those who love fresh mochi. The black sesame and soybean flour added a nice texture, though not much flavor. the best part was that it was on the house, there had been some mix up supposedly. We left and I almost left my bag, which would've been disastrous. Our server was so kind that he ran down the street to give me my bag. I was truly touched. An unforgettable night and experience. I hope to come again as soon as possible.
I made a reservation for 630pm for a party of 4. Unfortunately, my fourth friend could not make it due to last minute work obligations and they kicked us off of our reservation because we had no fourth person. The host and manager were extremely rude and there were three open tables available! They'd rather wait for someone to show up at 7:15pm than seat us. Beware this place for hostile, rude and terrible service.
I agree with other posters who have eaten horumonyaki before.  This should be cheap delicious food.  I have eaten at horumonyaki spots in kabukicho frequented by former Japanese prime ministers and its like 1/2-1/3 cheaper and double the portions.
I went here for my friend's birthday. Overall, I have a great experience. I would love to go back again. Below are what we had: Appetizers: Yooke - raw beef tartar. This is crazy but it's mind blowing delicious! Niku-Uni - raw beef with uni. This is insanely weird but OMG it just melts in your mouth. Each serving comes with a raw sesame leaf. This add an interesting finish. Grill: Kalbi - delicious, but a bit chewy for me. Harami - outside skirt, this is my favorite for the grill. It's buttery good and just enough of a bite to it. Shio-tan - tongue, this is good but nothing amazing about it. Ox-tail - waste of money. An additional side (a very small "banchan" size) of kimchi cost $2. Pro: fresh and delicious kimchi Con: the cost A bowl of rice cost $3. Expensive, but it's good quality rice and you'll need it to help you get full.   Dessert: Homemade Madagascar vanilla ice cream with salted caramel syrup - HOLY, THIS IS GOOD! I love the salted caramel syrup...I can eat this everyday. Note to readers: Don't come here if you are super hungry because the portions are very small. Do come for a great experience of good food, and come with adventurous friends. Oh, do make a reservation because this place is small.
I was visiting NY from Miami, when one of my friends suggested we should try Takashi. I went on Yelp and read all the amazing reviews and was very excited to meet up with my friends. My friend made the reservations for 4 at 7:30pm on a Friday night. I arrived first at 7:30 and my other friend arrived at 7:45. One friend canceled and the other was running late. We were now down to 3.The Hostess was gracious enough to seat us and we order. My friend arrived 1 hour later, but me and my friend that were seated earlier had ordered enough food and drinks for 4 people and had no problem drinking and eating it. Now I must say that this review is not about the food or the service. It's about what happened next. At 9:25pm the hosted came over to our table to tell us that we had a 1/2 hour left because there was a reservation for 6 people and they would need our table. Mind you that there were other tables that were seated before us that were still eating and drinking, but she didn't approach them. I'm a huge foodie and a world traveler. I've eaten in everything from no star restaurant s to Michelin Star to James Beard Award ones. Never in my life had I ever been told I had a time limit!! My friends were stunned and I was speechless. I will never, ever go back nor will I recommend this place to anyone! I can't believe I chose this place over Del Posto!! Oh and the food was just ok....
Been here twice, but didn't remember coming here the first time until i actually showed up at the place. I can't remember everything i ordered the first time, but i definitely did have some of the calf brains and the cow balls, both of which were only sub-standard.  nothing special about it.  Don't bother trying it unless the only reason u want to is so you can say you had some calf brains and cow balls. everything else, was ok.  but it wasn't amazing, esp for how much i spent. my second trip here i had the following: chuck flap w uni and shiso leaf - i tried it uni on its own and it was ok.  i've had better uni elsewhere.  the entire thing together was interesting, but because the shiso was so overpowering i didn't totally enjoy it.  i wish i had tried some of it without the shiso. squid ink rice w/ sweetbread - meh.  nothing that special grandmom's beef shank - the flavor of this was really good, but i thought the beef was slightly overcooked.  wish it was more tender too =T cheek  - this was sooooo tender and i really liked it, but after having the beef belly, i realized this didn't have that much flavor, but it was very tender beef belly - this was like a food gasm in my mouth.  soooo flavorful so tasty!!! it was a bit on the chewier side but still amazing! that being said though, it was kinda pricey, but prob because the cut was meat was really good, but kinda expensive.
good beef, especially the beef tongue!  the liver was not marinated enough for my taste.  decor is super cute as well.
Takashi is cute and cozyJapanese BBQ place in West Village. Takashi specialized high quolity beef BBQ. We sitted down at counter seat and watch chef prepare our meat and after we cooked 30 secounds each side of beef by ourself which like a they suggested. I had two great appetizer. Niku-uni was great combination of Uni and beef sashimi, shiso leaf and dry agi-seaweed. Yooke we had was great too.  (^_^) Yay Overall -  4 Food -  3.5 Atmosphere -  3.5 Price - $$$1/2
This is as unique of a dining experience as it gets for a NY'er. Yakiniku or Japanese table top BBQ (which came to Japan by way of Korea of course, so it has its similarities). We booked a table for 5 (they only take reservations for groups of 4-6 on their website) on a Monday fairly easily. Restaurant is fairly small with about 6 tables on one side (seats groups of 4 to 6) and individual bar seating around the open kitchen. Menu itself has so many selections we found it difficult to choose. Basically imagine any part of a cow imaginable that can be BBQ'd table top...tendon, liver, heart, stomach (4 types??), intestine. Of course we didn't have the bravery to try something new this time around so we stuck with regular cuts of beef we're accustomed to. Order of ribeye, kalbi (short rib) and their chuck flat steak. Our servings of beef ranged from $22 to $30 per serving. Serving size is generally small (much smaller than what you get at a 32nd St. Korean BBQ) but the quality is far superior (US Wagyu/Kobe). The chuck flat steak was probably the best value in terms of portion size (essentially a full steak grilled on your table, later sliced up into several pieces) We also tried the buns, pickles, and beef tartare and tendons for appetizers. I'd recommend all except the tendons of which the sauce it was doused in I wasn't a particular fan of. Don't be shy and ask the server for recommendations. The menu is intimidating and there are just too many items and can be overwhelming. Also, don't bring anyone that doesn't eat red meat. A member of our party did not eat red meat and we had assumed they would have at least some chicken/fish/seafood or some vegeterian options but they literally had none at all. Our friend sadly had to eat essentially rice and pickles and the complimentary cabbage salad that came with each table. This restaurant is all about BEEF. Every single appetizer and entree has some beef component to it. You cannot avoid it.
Not for the faint of heart. You come to Takashi to experience a different slice of life.  You don't come to Takashi to have the usual.  As with every new experience, each individual will be affected in various ways.  This is my story. Takashi is well known, and made more know via Anthony Bourdain from No Reservations.  Yes it might be on the pricier side, but what adventurous experience isn't?  My visiting friends from California and I were determined to not say no to anything on the menu...unless of course they were out. I have to start off with the "Testicargot".  I've seen enough of Andrew Zimmern to know what to expect from this.  All of us were very skeptical at first, and still skeptical to this day.  The name could have been changed to be more appealing, and cows are female, so they don't have nuts.  Semantics aside, we took the plunge.  Honest opinion...not my favorite.  Even if you could get past the fact you have nuts in your mouth, the constant need to chew it forces random images back into your mind.  Flavor?  Didn't save this dish.  I probably wouldn't get this again.  Wham, Bam, No thank you ma'am.  Everyone should try it at least once though.  Now that we got the balls out of the way, let's hit the meat of the story. Niku-uni ...sea urchin...when done right, is like a sliver of heaven.  Takashi thankfully does it superbly.  Yooke ...thinly sliced beef tartar in special sauce.  By far the most favorite appetizer of the table.  We were still talking about it at the end of the meal.  Fioe Gras stuffed Kobe burger in chocolate sauce.  Just saying it makes my taste buds explode.  I have had the pleasure of enjoying real Kobe steak in Japan, so my standards for any American "Kobe" beef are greatly lowered.  The chocolate sauce compliments the Fioe Gras really well.  Of course it's $20 a pop...literally for 1 small patty.  This might be on par with otoro which can range from $10-$20 for a thin slice of fatty tuna.  Pure opulence.   The grilled meats varied as well.  Although we had many different cuts from cheek, heart, liver (I don't know why) marinated, I felt the regular meats tasted the best.  Of the three, the cheek was the best.  The heart was more chewy than expected, but interesting none the less.  Liver, was liver.  Nothing special or pleasant about it.  There was also a variety of stomachs from 1st to 4th.  I really couldn't tell the difference between them aside from the fact some were more tender than others.  The Kobe steak was the consensus best grilled meat dish.   Service was impeccable.  One of our menu items had "run out" during the course of our appetizers so they offered us a carafe of sake and a different meat.  Miraculously, they had run into some more so they gave it to us.  Maybe it was because we were running up a good bill and I had mentioned Yelping, but I'll take it.  So here is your great Yelp review of Takashi.  Having had tried most of the "weird" items, I'll know exactly what I want the next time I go.
cow heart....yummmm!!
Fun, interesting place with some good food (and some rare ones that you can't easily get somewhere else). That said, i still think it's over-priced.  Either it won't fill you up or you have to pay a huge bill. It's a nice place to try if you haven't been here, but I wouldn't go back now I have tried it.
Exceptional food & service.
Located in the W. Village this place is a Japanese bbq place that serves up some unique cuts of meats.  They focus primarily on beef and everything is high quality.  The restaurant itself is pretty small but still bigger than your average W. village restaurant.  Like other asian BBQ places there is a vent at each table to suck up the smoke/smells while grilling.  You get menu order meats that come marinated, raw, and you grill them yourselves.   Each cut of meat the server will recommend a different amount of time to cook for your preference whether it be medium rare of well done.  Everything had was delicious.  The one bad thing however is that it was the most asian bbq place I have ever been to and the portions are small.  I think at least 2 meats per person is needed and that comes out to be a pretty pricey meal.  However, like I mentioned before the quality is good and the taste is good so your mouth will not be disappointed.  The servers here are also down to earth and cool and are willing to help and explain to the novices.  Would definitely come back, just need to save up!
Takashi never disappoint! I don't know what they put in their Yooke, I am hooked! There are so many good restaurants in the city, there aren't many that I would revisit constantly but Takashi is definitely one of the exceptions. Yooke, beef belly, shio-tan, fioe gras stuffed mini kobe burger are my favorites!
Not a posh space but really good food and great ambience. Service was top notch. Perfect for a group, sharing food around the grill. Only downside was the lack of ventilation - you smell like you have been to ab BBQ Absolutely recommended!
love the place, food, people, sake glasses, everything.
I came here with my two close friends last week. The service was nice and the atmosphere felt cozy and the cartoon drawings on the walls were cute. Each table had a grill and the seatings were lunchroom tables. You can also check in your coats here. Bathrooms- very clean and the toilets are just like the ones from Japan- very high tech. We did not have to wait- major plus.There were only 3 tables occupied when we came here on Sunday around 6pm. We had a few orders of niku-uni, Foie Gras, Kalbi, and Shio-tan with white rice. We all felt ripped off after coming here because we spent almost $200 and we walked out still feeling hungry. The quality of the meat for the price you pay is not worth it. Also the pieces of meat were very small and very thin. Hence the low rating for these two factors that I mentioned. Here's a break down on my thoughts of the dishes I ordered. niku-uni- each order came with 4 pieces. It just did not taste good to me and I usually like eating Uni and raw beef. I just do not like the combination they have here. Foie Gras- It came with one tiny patty and an egg- quail egg. I finished the patty in two bite - it was that small!! This dish was actually really good and I love the chocolate bbq sauce however it is not worth $20 because the quality is just not there. Kalbi- It was thinly sliced, came with about 8 pieces. The meat was tender and not chewy. It was nothing to rave about. It only taste slightly better than the ones from Korea town. Shio-tan- They gave us 8 small pieces, about the size of a quarter. I like this. It was a bit crunchy and very flavorful. White rice- The rice was ok. It was too mushy.  I had better. So overall, the food was ok, some were good, some were ok. Nothing outstanding. I would not come back because for the quality was just not there and for the price there are so much better places out there. But this was a unique experience. This place is way over hyped.
As Angelenos who loves Korean BBQ, we were thrilled to find this place in our temporary hood. It is small, 5 of us squeezed into a small table; it was nevertheless fantastic. Service was excellent, with great personality...And the food was superb. The kalbi beef and between the rib were outstanding, as was the namu (assorted vegetables). With kids who are adventurous eaters, it is a must.
Wow... That's the one word I would use to describe a lot of things here. First tip: Get there early, even if you're not hungry because the wait list will already be around 1-2 hours even 30 minutes after they've opened. The place is not big, and you don't have to wait there. There are plenty of things you can do around the West Village while you wait. Once you finally get in, you're in for a tour of japanese delectable bites (grilled and not grilled). You're served some kimchi, bean sprouts, and cabbage while you mull over the menu. For appetizers, we ordered the Niku-Uni (one of the most popular items on the menu), and the Gyutoro-Temaki Sushi. My boyfriend advertises himself as not one for raw stuff but he bravely gulped down two of the uni's. The meat sushi was more up his alley though. He enjoyed that thoroughly. For grilled meats we ordered a total of four plates: Kalbi short ribs, Ribeye, Shio-Tan (tongue), and Harami (outside skirt). You get to choose how the meats are marinated, we chose the Takashi sauce. We also had a side of the Bakudan, which goes well with the grilled meats, as everyone has mentioned previously :) Everything was amazing, from the food to the service :)  To top it all off, the dessert, as simple as it sounds, is madagascar vanilla ice cream. Get it with the works and choose a sauce. I got the salted caramel, while my wonderful boyfriend got the green tea. I love green tea, and his ice cream was great but omg, i think the salted caramel was even better :) Btw, they also have a bathroom with a heated toilet seat lol. Use the control panel to lift the seat cover or it'll get mad at you :D
I read about this place when it first opened and really wanted to go.  Finally got my chance and loved it.  Cozy and crowded with the wonderful scent of charring meats and the sounds of crack and sizzle competing with the music of customers having a great time make for a wonderful energy and vibe.  We loved the cabbage, mung beans and kimchi they immediately brought to our table as we perused the menu.  We ordered spicy endamame, cucumbers and more kimchi. I could eat the cucumbers every day.  Fantastic.  For starters we had then "yooke" which was a savory beef tartare with quail egg and lemon as well as raw mino (first stomach) in a daikon and citrusy sauce (like a ponzu). Both great.  For the grill we ordered short rib, between the bone rib, heart, 1st and 3rd stomach as well as beef belly.  Hard to say which I loved more.  All so amazing.  The scallion salad with shiso was well dressed and a lovely foil for the rich and flavorful meats.  The Budakan rice ball was very good, but unnecessary among all the glorious meat.  Can't wait to go back!!!!  Good beer and sake too.
Some people think open-minded people do yoga. Or maybe the truly tolerant and zen are Unitarian Universalists. Perhaps the bravest adventurers expand their minds with LSD. No! You can do all of those things but if you don't eat at Takashi then you're no balls-to-the-walls Bourdain Bear with no ceilings... you're just a "foodie" with "quotes." The culinary gods do not bless people who eat a fancy cheeseburger. If you have a true passion for amazing trips you'd take the tongue experience. The tasty morsels were better than some steaks I've eaten in my life. And who doesn't love cooking the meat on a grill in front of you? Sometimes when people express a dish to be "subtle" they really mean it has no flavor. I would say that this dish is subtle because the flavoring and texture speak with an equal voice (mmm, twisted tongue joke). The other dishes we had, whether it be the peppered edamame or other assorted offal, carried that same spirit of deft delicious excellence. There was no "homestyle" slapdash of inconsistency. It was such a beautiful, interesting, and delicious meal that I really felt this restaurant was on another inspired level.
WOAH. This place will just wow you. From the beef cheek to their to DIE for buns to a vanilla icecream with salted caramel sauce which will leave you licking the bowl, this place is fantastic to the max. One drawback is the wait time (which is generally forever), but despite your hour long hang on their little bench - it is most certainly worth it.
"This is the best tongue action I've gotten in months", said my dining companion, as we gleefully chowed down the glorious array of offal at Takashi.  Takashi is a mecca for beef lovers, or more specifically, adventurous carnivores in search of the 'nasty bits' - dainty veal cheeks, fluffy sweet breads, meaty skirt steaks and my favorite cut of the night, a gloriously tender cut of beef tongue.   The proteins at Takashi are simply top notch in quality - cooking prep requiring only a brush of sesame oil, a pinch of salt, and a speckling of garlic.  The actual cooking process is thrust into the hands of the diners, per Yakiniku tradition.  Here, we regress to our caveman roots, applying direct heat to chunks of raw meat.  Or one can take a trip further back to the pre-fire days of man, by sampling the expertly seasoned yookse, Takashi's take on the steak tartare.   There's even more goodness to be had with the platter of pickled, seasonal namul vegetables ($10).  And it would be a crime to leave the restaurant without sampling the homemade vanilla ice cream ($5), adorned with black sesame and soy flour (+$2). Décor is minimal, redolent of the 'less is more' chic of the Momofuku's.  The space is cramped, yet brightened by the same frenetic lighting and energy that fuel the best Japanese eateries.  In the back of the restaurant, a colorful cartoon mural extols the virtues of organ meats, and in the front, diners seated at the bar can watch the garde manger prep the cold dishes in the open air kitchen.  Each table or bar counter is equipped with a blazing hot electric grill and furnished by an overhead vent, which provides enough suction to prevent excessive smoke - though not quite enough to keep your clothes and hair from smelling like meat for the rest of the evening. Despite the quality ingredients and superb service, you're still paying West Village prices for elegantly dressed raw meat.  $18 for a bit of raw tongue is a tough proposition to chew, or $14 for a cut of fresh stomach may be hard for budget diners to... stomach.  But I suppose the experience dictates these prices.   This place is definitely meant for friends and foodies, ergo I would shy away from taking a date here.  However, in the event that your date is turned on by the raw beef, DIY cooking, and the lingering smell of charred meats, well... there may be more tongue action in store after Takashi.
Just delicious - the intestines are really amazing, as is the Niku-Uni.  We had a wonderful time bringing our 4.5 year old - she had so much fun grilling!!
Where's the beef? If you ever find yourself pondering this profound philosophical question, the chances are good that you haven't yet been to Takashi, a one-month-old, self-designated "all beef" restaurant. This label isn't entirely accurate, since Takashi does offer a number of vegetable sides, and delicious ones at that. We started with the seasonal namul, which included fiddlehead ferns, sugar snap peas, okra, beets, tomato, zucchini and a green that I think was edible chrysanthemum. The okra was particularly noteworthy, slightly spicy and unabashedly "slimy" (or "slippery" depending on whom you ask). It's a texture that many Asians prize, i.e. in the form of natto or grated mountain yam. The preparation, here, is delicious. Beef is the Big Man on Campus, though, and it is unimpeachably fresh. You can eat almost any part of the cow from the tip of the tongue to the first or fourth stomach to the Achilles tendon -- and you can have it as sashimi, grilled, in hot pot, or as part of a noodle soup. Call ahead for sashimi preparations as some cuts are only served on certain days of the week. Beef liver is only available on Wednesdays, for instance. We ordered for grilling: - Hatsu (heart) - Shibire (sweetbreads) - Nakaochi Kalbi (the cut of meat between ribs) - tongue sampler with three different cuts of tongue The meats were all very lightly marinated in your choice of either (1) sesame oil, salt and garlic; or (2) in the miso-based house sauce. The light marination was a fitting, respectful treatment for such fresh, high quality meat, as it kept the focus on the meat's natural flavors. Sweetbreads marinated in the so-called "Takashi's sauce" are among the best I've ever had. Purists should take note that the grills are electric, not charcoal-fired.  And traditionalists should note that you will need to order your rice and vegetable plates, with lettuce for wrapping around the meat, separately. (Our meal did come with three complimentary banchan: a Japanese-style, mild gimuchi; soybean sprouts with sesame oil; and raw cabbage salad with miso-ginger dressing.) To be fair, both the rice and vegetable plates were unusually high quality. The vegetable plate included sesame leaves, red romaine, boiled cabbage, fantastically sweet baby carrots just out of the ground, chives, red onion slivers, tomato, cucumber, daikon and watercress. No garlic to my surprise. The only dessert currently on the menu is housemade Madagascar vanilla soft serve ice cream. We ordered the one with all the toppings: rice-flour dumplings, black sesame and soybean flour, sweet red adzuki beans and green tea syrup. In part because I wasn't really in the mood for dessert and don't love soft serve no matter how well made it is, the sundae didn't really move me. But I appreciated the unusual toppings. The sake and beer lists are relatively short, but include a few interesting options like a light, Kenyan beer. Prices are higher than you'll pay for barbecue in Koreatown and portions are smaller -- but the quality of the meat is so high that it's worth the occasional splurge, IMO. Service is friendly, efficient and knowledgeable. I look forward to coming back and seeing this place grow!
takashi yakiniku is the real deal. we went for soft opening and eating here is just like having yakiniku in japan.  the menu might be tough for a yakiniku novice but if you want to eat some really good beef et al, don't be afraid to try anything no matter how odd it sounds (tongue, cuts from all 4 stomachs, sweetbreads, achilles tendon, intestine, cheek etc).  even if you don't want to be adventurous, this is some of the best beef you'll eat.  it's a casual setting with cartoons on the walls that explain how to eat yakiniku and describes the different menu items. the staff politely guides how certain cuts should be cooked to best enjoy the flavor.  there wasn't a single thing that tasted bad. in addition to the different grilled meats, some things we had were uni with raw beef wrapped in seaweed (delightful), gyutoro temaki (tasted like a better chutoro roll), fennel salad was a wonderful palate refresher, soft serve jpns-style parfait--but didn't get to try any soups or noodles because they weren't available but i'm pretty sure they'll be fantastic and a nice way to end the meal. you can read about where they source the beef and stuff; i'm just writing to inform that the food is excellent.  takashi knows what he's doing here and it's definitely about time ny has a quality yakiniku place like this.
Takashi Restaurant Do serve AMAZING Japanese Premium Beef kalbi! (What Hideki K. Says!). This Place has been on my TO GO list for over a year and Promised my friend not to go without him (How funny, My Japanese friend's call Takashi too!). Finally, 6 people.  Up for a challange of quality meats (RAW or COOKED). So here are 2 options for you to choose if you decide to come for a nice meal: Never had this in my life. And It was worth it!                                   ****CHALLENGING CARNIVORE****                                  (WARNING!, EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!) 1) Hatsu Sashimi (Beef Heart) - Raw thin sliced and comes with lime and special sauce to have some flavor.  This dish is not always available since they need to have it super fresh!.  yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… 2) Yooke (thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce) - Raw Chuck Eye meat covered with takashi's special ingredients, a great taste and sliced into small pieces for better chewing and taste. yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… 3) Namagimo (ultra-fresh liver with sesame oil  and roasted rock salt) - Very chewy, but crunchy and fresh. yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… If you don't like RAW, but still want to eat some of this.  They offer a BBQ Style Meats! Ordered a Chef's selection "Horumon Moriawase" And I got  Akasen (fourth stomach) Kimo (liver) Hatsu (heart) yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN…                                   FOR CONSERVATIVE CARNIVORE: 1) Spicy Japanese Cucumber (Spiciness I would say a 4 out of 10?) yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… 2) Smoked Liver Pate with Yuzu - This was one of my favorite ! yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… ** You can ask for more crackers If you have pate left.** 3)Smokey Beef Flavored Popcorn - Shots of Before and After cooking the Popcorn. yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… 4) Bakudan (rice bomb with Korean seaweed and pickled sesame leaf) - A must to get so you can have a smooth flavor of Rice and Meats. yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… 5) Rib Eye  - yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… Short Ribs - yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… Tongue - yelp.com/biz_photos/6qzN… everything was Superb!. Meat quality has met its standards. Service was pretty quick but seating was a bit uncomfortable (they gave us a  4 table seat for 6 people).  After Spending over $ 400.00 on food and drinks. I wish they gave us more space.  Otherwise I would have given you 5 stars.  (That means I would not recommend if you are coming  with a large group since the restaurant is pretty small).
Unfortunately this place does not take reservations for two so me and the wife had around an hour wait. Took a stroll around the quaint neighborhood to keep us busy. We knew what we wanted based on previous reviews. A seat at the bar allows you to see the chefs preparing the dish. Started w the uni wrap which was excellent but tasted mostly of uni. Then came the rosu, cheeks, sweet breads, and belly. Appreciated all of it but the belly is fatty which wasnt my preference. Listen when the server gives you estimated cooking times, as you will be well served to comply. Also had a bunch of friendly neighbors at the bar that let me try their prosciutto which is great for a dessert. We had the salty pecan ice cream which was awesomely sweet. Service was great and we were will taken care of my the manager Reese. Will rerun but only with a party of 4+ so I don't have to walk the neighborhood anymore.
(3.5 stars) After seeing that the Holy Trinity of some my all-time favorite Yelpers had already gone to this shrine of meat-eating, I decided it was about time to make the pilgrimage. Takashi is all about the organ-donating animals, and I have nothing but lip-smacking praise. The heart had the consistently of a well-cooked sirloin tip. The liver with thinly sliced scallions (my favorite) had the slightly metallic, unctuous tang and herbal kick that makes me swoon. The Tongue Experience was quite an experience: I had no clue that the front, back and tip of a cow's tongue had such varied textures, from creaminess to meatiness. P.S. If it matters at all, they actually have one of those Japanese bidets in the bathroom; the controls for operating it  look exactly like a large tape cassette player for cleaning your asshole.
amazing dishes after dishes. super good quality beef and super talented chef who can combine the quality, taste, and the service. stunning.
This place was great; we ordered - Niku Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin roe) - Foie Gras stuffed mini burger (a very rich meatball with chocolate sauce) - US kobe marbled steak (6oz) - Kalbi (short rib) - Ribeye - Pork Belly for dessert: - soft serve with everything; - soft serve with salted caramel sauce we also sat at the bar, which was pretty nice, as it offers a bit more privacy (as counterintuitive as that might sound; other tables are pushed pretty closely together) similarly, the bar seating area gives you better lighting so you can see your food.
wow , this place is cool, fun , sexy and delicious. i went on a date, friday night around 8 pm. sadly we had to wait about an hour, but i was not in a rush. we waited patiently and didnt bother the hostess like the others waiting, so she compd us a couple drinks, as long as i have free beer- i would wait forever. needless to say the staff is very friendly, helpful and just pleasant. the menu is very diverse and adventurous. hostess gave us some spicy edamame for free, best ever! then we had a vegetable platter which conist of a ton of things i had never had before along with figs and fennel. they all tasted good, the crack sauce was addicting- like crack. then we got to the raw flank w/ sea urchin and seaweed. this was one of the most delicate things i have ever eaten. it melts in your mouth. very expensive for an appetizer but i would recommend. then the meats, we had kalbi ribs (30 secs a side on the grill) med rare and my dates favorite. we also had sweet bread, first time ever. I loved it! it was like surf and turf in a single bite. outside like filet with a texture like lobster. this was my fav. then we had cheek. i loved the flavor but the texture is a lil cheeky. we waited over an hour for a table and it was worth it. the meal was incredible and fun. i highly recommend this place, its a little pricey but I didnt mind for the quality and experience.
So let me get this straight.  Mix some fine cuts of meat with some cheap cuts like belly and intestines.  Marinate them.  And get white people to cook them. And charge exorbitant prices.  Sure, we got some sake and a few beers, but our tab came out to about $100 a head. Did it taste good?  Sure.  But if you can cook and understand how to shop for good cuts of meat, it's kind of a joke.   Then again, most people in Manhattan don't cook and want to feel exotic, so I guess this works for them. it's a helluva business model.  And the beauty of Japanese cuisine is that it can command the highest prices amongst all of the Asian cuisines.   This restaurant is perfect for The West Village and corporate business tabs.   I did like the uni on the raw beef.  But heck, I can just buy the ingredients and make it at home for a fraction of the price.
If there's anything I've learned about Japanese/Korean relations from living in the motherland, it's this overarching generality:  Koreans are hearty but half assed ruffians and Japanese are exceedingly polite but tight-assed nimrods.  So, it was with this dichotomy firmly etched in my mind that I experienced Takashi yakiniku: a delicious hybrid of the positive elements of both aforementioned cultures.  Miscegenation really is a good thing... As other reviewers have remarked ad nauseum, the meat is off the hook!  Of course, the high prices dictate a positive correlation with similar quality and thankfully Takashi abides.  The foie gras with chocolate appetizer was awesome, all of the meat was extremely tender and they get extra brownie points for carrying Hitachino Nest White Ale.  They have off-menu items like "special misuji" and things of that nature, so don't be shy in asking.   Minor ding on points for charging $6 for a plate of "kimuchi", but I guess that's how they do it in the motherland.  Come to think of it, Takashi reminded me of Yakiniku Jumbo - my favorite yakiniku joint - in the Shirokane region of Tokyo.  And maybe it's because I haven't been able to weasel my way into Los Angeles' Totoraku (secret invite only Yakiniku joint) but I'd hazard to say that Takashi is the best yakiniku joint that I've been to in the States.
Takashi was really nothing I expected it to be. First off, its not Japanese, but maybe some Japanese influences. I would consider it to be more Korean style BBQ. Madangsui wins my heart more than this restaurant though. I took my mom here two weeks ago. We were both surprised at the menu, and frightened to try the raw stuff. We wanted to start off with some cuts of meat we were familiar with. When you arrive, the server brings over cabbage and kimchi. Tells you its complimentary. Really? Complimentary cabbage.. thanks. At Mandangsui you get so much more. Maybe about 8 different small plates of veggies. Hmph. We asked for some tea to help with digestion. Guess what? THEY DO NOT HAVE TEA!!!!! Really? What kind of Asian place does not serve tea?! We ordered Kalbi, Harami and a chefs selection which included the heart. It was okay, but the individual orders were super small. Probably about 2-3 oz worth of meat, and super overpriced. On the menu, it says they order their beef from Chelsea Market. If its that accessible, would you think they would be cutting costs a bit by purchasing locally? I'm glad I took my mom here, and not one of my friends. We would of been upset at the bill, and the service was mediocre. The restaurant is super small and the counter bench seating is super uncomfortable.
Five starts to the quality of the food. But poor rating on the pricing vs. quantity. If you are hungry and you are looking for an moderate bill... Don't come here. If you are open to spend a few bucks...about $60 plus, then you will do alright.  My friend had Kobe beef with chocolate dressing. Their opinion, uncommon combination with a surprisingly good taste. But too much chocolate dressing.  I ordered kobe beef with a house marinating sauce. Tender and delicious but very tiny and thin selection. No rice no sides. You can order but right now each person was paying $60+ and we were still hungry.  I decided to order uni with raw Kobe. Delicious but again such a small a mount of food. After our meal we were "satisfied" but slightly with a craving for another side dish.  We walked over to a local cafe to get dessert. Takashi offers dessert but our bill was high enough. Lol If you are a vegan, or you want a fix, or chicken combination, this place is not for you.  So come not so hungry, with deep pockets and a carnivor. :)
I have found a new love near my home. Don't tell my husband, but I think I'm about to start an affair with a restaurant! This place is great. Superb, fresh food & amazing service. I suggest calling ahead if you can, and then going to En Japanese for a drink while you wait for your table. And you will most likely be waiting. Parties of 4 have a better chance of being sat sooner, because there are more 4 seaters than 2. Remember that as well. If they have the kobe burger filled with foie gras and covered with chocolate bbq sauce, I highly suggest you try it. It may be a little pricey, but the experience is worth it!  You must also try the shoju cocktails, delicious!
Takashi ... thank you ... for those of you that don't have a soul and are spoiled little brats like susan down there, this place probably isn't for you ... if you aren't willing to pay for quality over quantity then perhaps you shouldn't even be rating on yelp in the first place ... for people that LOVE meat and LOVE food in general then this is the place to be ... yes there is a long wait ... yes the seating is small ... but there is not better yakiniku in nyc ... Enjie was incredibly attentive and really helped provide us with a pleasant experience ... the red red kimchi was awesome and not the watered down stuff you usually get elsewhere ... my fiance and I will CERTAINLY be back. (and for someone that is complaining about an asian restaurant not having tea, perhaps you shouldn't be scared of the raw stuff as it just makes you seem a little spoiled and stupid)
Went with the roomie and her familia to this little gem in the Westside. Expensive grill-it-yourself meat, great pate, and rice dishes. The wait was short, but the table was really small and we had to squish for a duration of our dinner. I spend about $70 with no adult drinks. I think I had iced green tea instead and I'm glad I did as I ate beef hearts, etc. The company was great and service (/server Mimi) was attentive without being overbearing. Would go back again if I was feeling the grillness.
Takashi is super kick-ass.  I consider myself an adventurist, and that is not limited to inserting a pad on the side of a highway.  TMI, folks.. but who told you to look?   Come here for the innards!  If you read my Hagi review, you already know I love me some innards.  My friends are not into exotic foods so they obviously couldn't enjoy the meal.  But my mouth was having the best time of its dark, cavernous life. I had the Horumon-Moriawase(chef's selection) which consisted of stomachs, intestines, hearts, and sweetbreads.  Holy shit, I needed a dictionary to look up what sweetbread is.  But I didn't give a flying fuck if it was dog poo because that shit made my meal.  I also had some Rosu(ribeye) and I was practically drooling on my friends.  Fucking fantastic meat. Look at me, with my ShutTheFrontDoor language.  I get so excited when I have an awesome dinner.  I am rarely satisfied, as you have probably surmised from my reviews.   Don't say I didn't warn you- this place can get expensive.  Because if you are no Kate Moss and you're not some vegetarian wanker, you'll be flagging that waitress down numerous times.  Don't expect to be full off one order.  If you are somehow full after one order, then something is seriously wrong with you.  I'm not even joking here.  Get yourself checked out.  And then return to Takashi.
Give me raw meat and a grill and I become The Meat Whisperer.  Meat will hiss and sizzle at me to tell me when to smack it up, flip it, rub it down, oh no. The food here isn't for the faint of heart (no pun intended).  If you don't take food risks, you'll be that boring person at the nursing home who has a bucket list full of regrets.  Imagine a world without oysters, foie gras, octopus, or escargot - I shutter at the thought. With my culinary bravery turned up and facing the masterful butchers at the "sushi" bar, we ordered the following: - Raw beef with a quail egg special: the meat was freshly ground and was reminiscent of eating cold tasty noodles.   - Mystery Meat in a 'Pork' Bun: frankly, anything in a pork bun is delicious - it's the perfect food delivery vehicle. - The Tongue Experience: how can you hate on something called The Tongue Experience?  You get three different cuts of tongue - I enjoyed one of the cuts.     - Chef's Selection: you get five different cuts: liver, heart, and 3 different parts of the stomach (I enjoyed them in that order). Nothing compares or beats the irony richness of liver. - Sweetbreads: they were not memorable, but they weren't bad. Be sure to get there early and put your name on the list - they will call you when a table opens up.
We 3 arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night and immediately got a coveted table in the corner. Between the 3 of us, we had the sashimi heart salad (lovely texture), cow brains (like foie gras, but creamier), raw liver (so sweet), and Niku-uni (simply delicious) to start. For the main course, we had the Kalbi, beef belly, premium super thick tongue, cheek, and first and second stomachs. They were all incredibly fresh, well marinated and delicious. We decided to also get the bakudan as a side, and then added the meltingly soft and intensely flavored Bourbon Flambeed mega rib. The ice cream with the works was the perfect ending to the evening. Service was efficient, friendly, and very helpful with suggesting what to order. We will be back!!!
Honestly, I would give this place 1 star, but the Niku-Uni alone is worth a star. This is definitely not your average dining experience. I came here with a friend on a Friday night around 8pm, and since Takashi doesn't take reservations for parties less than 4, it ended up being a 2 hour wait. The hostess recommended 2 wine bars closeby for my friend and I to grab drinks at while we waited. The space is very small, with an area in the middle where two chefs prepare the cuts of offal taking most of the space. The majority of the seats are for two people sitting around the preparation area, with a few tables for larger parties to the side. We were seated at one of the tables surrounding the prep area, and my friend and I both sat on this hard wooden bench. It was a bit too close for comfort. In front of us was a grill that would later get extremely hot that I began to feel uncomfortable. My friend was recommended this place when he went to Japan and was told that he MUST try the Niku-Uni. In addition, we ordered the beef schmaltz crostini with truffle oil, and the chef's selection. They brought out a few small dishes of cabbage, kimchi, and bean sprouts, which is very common in Korean restaurants but these were nothing special. The Niku-Uni was amazing: the uni was extremely fresh and was a perfect combination with the chuck flap, wasabi, seaweed, and shiso leaf. It was a bite of pure bliss. My friend and I both did not know what beef schmaltz was, so we decided to give it a shot. It was not actually a crostini but rather on pieces of wheat bread, which seemed like a very plain and basic dish. Next was the chef's selection comprised of first stomach, 4th stomach, liver, heart, & sweetbreads. The waiter gave the recommendations on how long to cook each cut, but I couldn't hear/understand him, but luckily my friend did. I was never a fan of liver and heart when I was younger, but I actually really liked everything in the chef's selection. Everything was very tender. We were still hungry after this, so we decided to get an order of beef belly and premium super thick tongue since they were all out of the tongue experience. I'm a huge fan of pork belly, so I opted for the beef belly, and it was my favorite cut out of everything. The super thick tongue was my least favorite. I've had tongue before, but this was so thick, tough, and chewy despite cooking it per the recommendations that I was afraid that I was going to choke on it. I grew tired of chewing on it, and I would not recommend the super thick tongue at all. Even after ordering all of this, I was still not full but was in no mood to keep ordering since everything is so expensive. The bill came out to be about $150 -- totally not worth the price tag if we left still hungry and also had to cook our own food. I'm glad I tried it at least once but won't be returning anytime soon. If you are not an open-minded eater, do NOT come here. You will not find chicken wings or ribs here. If you are made of money, are an adventurous eater, and have a small appetite, then this place will be perfect for you.
Takashi is not for the faint of heart. Or of wallet. Yes, it's expensive, but you won't actually pay that much because your stomach will be, ever so slowly, filled with amazing meat. As many people have mentioned, the Niku-Uni is definitely worth trying. It has such a unique and fresh taste and texture. It's a truly memorable dish itself. I also opted for The Tongue Experience. You get eight pieces total of three different pieces of tongue. And, yes, they all do taste different. I also recommend the between ribs. A bit fatty but very juicy. My friend, Janie H., went for the chef's selection, which included heart, liver, and the 1st and 4th stomach. Another unique experience, to say the least. As other Yelpers have mentioned, too, getting there early is key. Though, if you get there early, don't be too self conscious. There will be a lot of extra staff around. Hopefully they're not watching you eat! Excellent service.
I took my fiance here last April because we both like to consider ourselves adventurous eaters. The management was incredibly accommodating about setting up a last minute reservation (even though it was a soft opening that night). The atmosphere is fun but on the small side. The food was DELICIOUS-it was so fun and refreshing to be at a restaurant where neither of us had any idea what to expect. We put everything in our waiter's hands and he delivered, from the appetizers to the dessert. As a warning, this food is not for the faint of heart or easily grossed out. If you tend to stick to the same kind of food and don't prefer to experiment, this is probably not the place for you. But, if can get over the new sights and textures and allow your pallete to guide you, this place is one of the best in the city.
I'm not quite sure how long Takashi has been open, but I had it in my Yelp bookmarks for a while. A few weeks ago Anthony Bourdain premiered a new show called The Layover.  It just so happened that Bourdain stops in Takashi, one of his favorite new restaurants. While its awesome that he went there, it is slightly less awesome in that the lines are now going to be crazy. My friend and I showed up to Takashi at about 5:20, ten minutes before they opened and a line was already forming. You can make reservations if you are 4 or more people, but being two, we had to just hope we'd get there in time for a seat. It turned out we could sit, but only for an hour. The tables are small, seating about 4-6 people and have a grill in the center. The dishes at Takashi are either raw meats or meats that come raw that you cook on your personal grill. I can't stress enough the freshness of the meat, maybe some of the freshest, tastiest meat I've had at any restaurant in Manhattan, or anywhere. The food here isn't cheap either, as you can imagine. When you get meat this fresh, I suppose you have to expect that to be the case. After ordering, I noticed the tables next to ours with the same dishes, so I knew we did something right. We started with to raw dishes: Yooke, which was thinly sliced chuck tartare with a raw quail egg and seaweed as well as the Niku-Uni which was raw chuck flap with sea urchin and fresh wasabi. The latter of the raw dishes was something Bourdain ate on the show and with my love of Uni, I knew I had to order it. The tartare is a nice size appetizer portion, as are most of the raw dishes. The chuck/uni dish was served four to an order. At $6 a piece, its not cheap, but its also one of the most delicious bites of food I've had in a while -- well worth it. As for the grilling part of the meal, we only ended up getting sweetbreads and beef belly. There were plenty of other more adventerous dishes that I would love to come back and try, but the belly and sweetbreads were out of this world. I've had sweetbreads that are usually pan fried, so this lightly grilled version was new to me. I could have sat there and eaten 20 of those little pieces. Each serving of the cook-to-order meats are small, about 6-8 pieces. You can easily rack up a big bill eating these little bites, but again, fresh meat, tender, cooked to perfection. There are plenty of other options here, though they all revolve around meat. I'd love to get the tongue experience, which sounds like a tongue tasting menu. Also, trying the "chefs" selection would be a nice meal as well. If you love beef, you will love Takashi. Make sure you come early or get a group and make a reservation. I'd imagine the wait at a regular eating time would be over an hour or more. I don't know if I'd wait that long, but I would make time or a reservation and eat here ASAP. It truly was a beef lovers paradise.
Most of my experiences with tongue in NYC have tasted like American Spirits and Old Crow bourbon but you take what you can get knaw'mean? The wonderful tongue at Takashi is a much classier experience without the shame and awkward text message the next morning. It's got this texture I've never quite tasted before (chewy but not tough) even after having tongue tacos from my favorite taquieras and it's served in a way where you don't even know it's tongue. It looks like slices of loin or sausage so if you have a squeamish dinner partner you can lie and tell them it's "steak" or "not tongue." Never has a hot pot given me more delight and cherubic smiles than the sake lees (leftover sediment from the sake fermenting process) mini hot pot with ramps and skirt steak. It's a highly savory and milky broth made from pure epic that you're not gonna wanna share it with your friends after the first taste. You shouldn't either because ramps season is limited and oh look it's already over see ya next year! They have some other standard cuts and kalbi but you can get that anywhere so take advantage of their other offalings (can't help it) and put some of their stomachs in yours. Seriously all three stomachs are on the menu. It's not your typical hokey and homely looking grill-stuff-at-your-table experience. The place is very small but quite modern and their setup minimizes your clothes smelling like you've been manning a jumbo Weber at a family reunion. As cheap as the cuts normally are they come from top shelf cattle and it's pretty expensive even for the west village so get ready to drop a buck and a half for two after a couple drinks each and tip. If you feel the need to eat an entire calf there's cheaper spots to handle your bovine lust. With that said it's worth a visit at least once to sample very unique and often-neglected cuts of beef that most Americans scoff at.
I'm absolutely in love.  I would very easily give this place 5 stars as everything was truly outstanding, the only blemish being prices.  But, with that said, for everything we ate, everything we drank, the entire experience as a whole, I'm not going to complain.    Unless you're Mr./Mrs. Moneybags or have a stomach the size of a bird, I don't really see how you can leave here feeling full.  BUT....this....food....is....spectacular and I have every intent of going back.  Truthfully, not just intent, but more along the lines of determined. I ate there last night with 3 other friends, all our first time there, and all our first time eating some of the "out of the ordinary" parts of cattle (out of the ordinary only in this country).  I made a reservation online a week in advance, our table was ready a few minutes early which was perfect since we were starving.  Like the dork that I am I basically already had our order ready to go and there was not one thing we ordered that wasn't fantastic. Foie gras stuffed kobe beef burgers with chocolate BBQ sauce---are you kidding me? It just worked perfectly together.  If they wanted to make them the size of a regular burger and charge me $40 for it, I'd pay it. Oxtail Pie---so good it's stupid.  They ARE very small, and usually with apps you tend to share....but with these I don't think it's crazy getting one per person.  I promise you if you split it in half you'll wish you had another half.  Heck, I wish I had a bag of them with a half pint of that dipping sauce, I'd put them away like I was eating milk and cookies. Yooke---I ordered this on the suggestion of the other Yelpers and I'm glad I did.  My first tartare and I must say I'm absolutely smitten.  This dish is a must have to start off, no if's and's or buts.  Yooke.  Now.  Do it. Kalbi---short rib that you grill.  I mean, c'mon it's short rib.  Everybody loves short rib. Beef Belly---yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes.  YEEEEEES!!!!!! Mino---1st stomach and my first time eating 1st stomach.  Chewy as I'm sure you can imagine, but when the flavor is that nice chewy is a good thing. Shibire---also my first time eating sweet breads and I am very upset I've been alive for 34 years and have never had this.   Shame on me! Tsurami---beef cheek.  Let's get one thing straight.  The cheeks of anything are one of the most delicious parts of whatever it is.  I will fight you on this. Shio-Tan---beef tongue.  My second time eating tongue and I'm very quickly becoming a fan. Bukadan---rice bomb with Korean seaweed and pickled sesame leaf.  The waitress asked if we wanted to add this on and I said no at first but the two girls in our party wanted some rice, so I said "Sure."  I couldn't believe how good these were.  It was sticky rice that tasted as though it were wrapped in the salty ocean, but in a such a magnificently perfect way.....*sigh*   swooooooooon! All these dishes weren't just great because of the specific cuts or quality but also the seasonings and marinades Takishi uses.   The flavors are big and bright but subtle at the same time...if that makes any sense.  I applaud you,Takashi.  If I were rich I'd eat here multiple a week on a consistent basis, but I'm not, so I'll settle for once every few months.  One thing is for sure, I will be counting the days down to my next visit each time. Price range-----a drinker with an appetite, you're looking at no less than $100 per head easy.   The four of us spent $105 each last night, including tip, but if we didn't have to meet friends somewhere else we VERY easily could have spent more.  But again, more than well worth it. Fyi, I have no clue how I managed to type this review considering how grotesquely hung over I am right now, to the point I have no will to re-read this.   So if it sounds like poop......eh, what can I say?  You take the good you take the bad you take 'em both and there you have.............
The Kobe with uni is a must. So is the ox tail, heart, and beef belly. God I wish I could try all the different cuts of meat in this place but had so limited time. I will def come back!
The food was actually decent, we like the harami and shio-tan.  However, the overall experience was not impressive.  I was pretty happy until I found a piece of hard metal wire (1inch long) in my salad...it would have been really bad if I had swallowed it.  I told the waitstaff and she apologized and immediately took the wire and salad away.  Then nothing happened for a while until we asked to speak to the manager. The manager said they are very sorry and offered us free dessert...I would prefer they took the situation more seriously and come talk to us right away but they didn't.  In the end he gave us 25% but I don't think I feel comfortable to eat there again.
GET THE YOOKE. No questions asked. Seriously. That is some yummy shit. And the Niku-Uni is decent. Cooked meat: the rib eye was the best of the available options. The loin was good. The Horumon-Moriawase (chef's selection) was decent - I think we had the heart, liver, 1st and 4th stomachs, and sweetbread. Good if you want chewy. The service is good. The atmosphere is pretty cute. There are drawings all along the walls about meat. However, be prepared to smell like meat long after you leave.. Have been a few times and will continue to return. FYI: They don't take reservations for less than 4.
We waited outside in the cold so we could snatch the bar seat since they do not take reservations for two and bar seats are made for table of 2 only. After waiting about 30 minutes, we got one of the 3 bar seats and the other two filled up within few seconds. After ordering out food, the hostess came over and said, "We have reservations so you need to leave by 6:30. You have ENTIRE 40 minutes so it's more than enough." The hostess looked 10 years old, and maybe with her hostess salary she never afforded to eat at Takashi. You can't eat appetizers, grill up raw beef, eat desert with a bottle of sake (maybe more) in 40 minutes. My boyfriend said to her right away, "This is very rude. We waited out in the cold to get this seat." She seemed to not know what to say to that. I told her I thought they don't take reservations for party of 2. And our bar seat was a table for 2. The manager came over right away (I think his name was Reece?). He was most accommodating. He apologized, (they should teach their hostess how to do that) said the people coming were a close friend of Takashi and they had made a mistake. He very respectfully asked us if we would be kind enough to move to the table and he would really take care of us. And oh my, did he take care of us. The waitress was also amazing. She was the sweetest and kept apologizing. They gave us generous amounts of food and sake on the house, and Reece came over at the end and gave us his card and told us we can get any reservation next time we come. Food and service (excluding the hostess) were A++. Takashi would have gotten 5 stars, however the hostess took one home.
Takashi had been on my radar for a while, but like others, Bourdain's NYC episode of "The Layover" put me over the top. I saw the uni sitting on top of that beautifully marbled beef and knew I had to have it. I rolled in for a solo dinner at the bar around 6:30pm on a Tuesday and had no issues getting a seat. I tried the niku-uni, of course. Clean, quality, delicious. I also tried the foie gras stuffed kobe burger with chocolate sauce. How can you go wrong, right? You can't, obviously. But, they add a fried egg just to be sure. The chocolate sauce is actually quite nice with the meat. Is it worth $20? Debatable, but yummy nonetheless. Finally, some BBQ. This is really the star of the show. I tried the marinated short rib and I'm not exaggerating when I say that it was some of the tastiest beef I'd ever eaten. You'll agree. Trust me. The icing on the cake? Tucked into my receipt was a stick of wrigley's gum. They know exactly what their patrons need to continue on with their night out in the West Village... or was this favor deemed necessary by my waitress? Hopefully the former.
Something bizarre but delish. Let's face it; some stuff from Japan is weird. Huh? You'll kill me? Go ahead, but it's true. I have been to Osaka, the third biggest city (I think it used to be the second biggest but nomore) Osaka people are like NYers.  They are SO serious about food. And this kind of BBQ is considered as their local speciality. Behind the scene: During the Pacific war a lot of Koreans immigrated to Osaka, around west region.  They started some BBQ place.  And they know how to kill cow,  and marinade it well. Stomach, intestine... You name it. This place is really authentic.  The owner is Korean-Japanese and his recipe of marinading is super legit. The texture of meat will feel funny in your mouth because you are not getting used to it. I highly recommend to try simpler marinade, which is only sea salt and sesame oil. Oh, and their vanilla ice cream is pretty good to finish up the meal.
Favorite restaurant in NYC at the moment! Takashi is this yakiniku restaurant in West Village, focusing on raw and grilled beef.  The chef is actually Korean and grew up in Japan, combining best of both.  If you like Gyu-Kaku, then this place will blow your mind.  Of course, my friends and I all saw Bourdain's Layover episode when he munched on uni and beef so we had to get that and whatever he ordered plus more! Takashi starts out with complimentary dishes: miso cabbage, kimchi, and beansprouts.  The miso dressing over the cabbage is very vinegar-y.  Kimchi wasn't too crazy, but the beansprouts can rival any Korean restaurants.  Too bad no continuous servings like Korean banchan. As for the infamous Niku Uni, which is Kobe chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi, wrapped by seaweed & shiso leaf, it lived up to the hype.  Jeebus it was good!  Fatty marbled chuck with the creamy smooth uni is straight up addicting.  The shiso leaf is pretty damn strong, but I love that herbaceous flavor.  One bite and you're done, but what a heavenly bite. Also got Yooke, our tartare dish of the night.  Thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in their special sauce.  They actually mix a quail egg to the tartare on the table, which was pretty cool.  It  definitely has a bit of the Korean influence with the sauce, and it is one of the best Asian tartare I've had anywhere.  Love that red hue from the beef too.  Sometimes when you eat tartare, you get a few pieces that's already browning, and it just throws your appetite off, but none of that here. For the grilling portion, we started with US Kobe marbled chuck flat steak.  Our server grilled the steak for us until rare and rested the steak before slicing it.  They encourage us to grill it some more if we like it more well-done, but as is, it is fatty, juicy, smooth... just insert all good adjectives you can think about meat here. Also ordered Shio Tan, which is tongue, simply seasoned.  Thick slices of tongue, grilled few minutes on each side.  Generally I'm not a fan of tongue, but I gotta admit, it was pretty good :P For the marinated cuts, we got the Tsurami and Beef Belly.  Tsurami, which is beef cheek, has a very interesting texture since the cheek is a workhorse muscle.  It has a chewy texture but tender at the same time.  Beef Belly looks like pork belly, except with a red hue, and as melt-in-your-mouth as it could possibly be. For our last order, we went with the special, Asian-Cajun Andoillete.  It caught our attention because it is 100% Kobe sausage with Cajun spices, stuffed in beef large intestine.  Way too interesting not to try!  Crispy intestine on the outside and super juicy Kobe on the inside.  All the juices from the fat is trapped in so it was like a beef-flavor overload with a bit of Cajun.  A bit heavy, but very good. We also a bottle of the Hakkaisan Tokubetsu Junmai.  "Premium Japanese Sake" indeed, cause it was a pricey bottle, but damn, it was perfect with our meal. Really one of the best meals I've had.  It's fun, adventurous, and tasty.  Service was great too and they really take the time to make sure the meats are not overcooked.
Quality of the meats they serve here is 5 stars for sure. However, nothing that I tasted blew my mind. They were all just okay. I feel the place is over priced for the quantity and for a cook it yourself type of deal. The service was fine, but I was flabbergasted when they told us we were being too loud. How can you be too loud in a super LOUD environment where nobody can hear each other?
Yaki = barbecue Niku = meat Takashi is the best yakiniku restaurant I've been to in NYC; it just does so many things right.  First off, its small, a proper size for a place specializing in one style and focusing on making it well.  The attractive dining space has a central prep area with bar seats to look in on the action, and one row of tables along the perimeter.  Sleek and simple, utilitarian yet handsome.  Gleaming electric grills set into the tabletops and a thin, black vent that you can pull up or down over the grill (complete with an adjustable spotlight).   Along the biggest wall is a blackboard just as large, the de facto guide to the meat options, as friendly to the offal-shy lay public as it is to the diehard, food adventurer.  The descriptions and sketches are cheery and whimsical, not encyclopedic, and do more to convey the idea rather than the details.  Makes for fun reading. The short menu celebrates all parts cow, and if you're open-minded, it is in so many ways awesome.  Want to try the first stomach?  What about the second?  The third?  The fourth??  Creamed brain in a blini?  Raw liver?  Cow balls?  Achilles tendon? Aorta?  I was so taken with the menu that it was almost impossible to decide what to order.  And although the portions are small, all that meat and meat parts fills you up quicker than you think.  It seems I am destined to go back again, at least until I've tried most of the offerings. DIY beef shank was juicy and intensely flavored, tucked inside pillowy buns.  Stewed beef tendon casserole was rich and satisfying.  The mini kobe burger looked more like a giant meatball; the fun starts when you take a bite of it, stuffed with foie gras  and doused in a chocolately sauce.  Niku-uni was a particular highlight: nutty uni sitting on top of a slip of raw beef, topped with grated wasabi.  Uni is a chameleon food that I've had wonderfully paired with so many different flavors and textures, and here it impresses no less paired with the bracingly fresh beef.  And later added to our order as we spotted it on its way to another table, is the gorgeous yooke, a tartare of thinly sliced, raw chuck seasoned with sesame oil, garlic, soy, sugar, egg yolk, lemon, and possibly more; I am still dreaming of the luxurious mouthfeel of this one. It is worth pointing out again that the beef here is astoundingly fresh, beautiful to behold; it justifies the effort made to source such high-quality meat and the price charged for it.  In its raw form, it is sublime.  Grilled, it can be had simply seasoned with salt, garlic, and sesame oil, or marinated in their sauce; we went with the former to better appreciate the meat's intrinsic flavors.  Mind you, this is DIY cooking; you'll get the tongs and the meat, some pointers on how long more exotic stuff should be left on, then you're on your own (although I'm sure their staff will hand-hold if you needed it). After some debate over the blackboard descriptions of the four stomachs, we tried mino (1st) and akasen (4th), don't ask me why because it was confusing enough to get four people to decide based on their loopy descriptions.  Suffice to say both these were very, very chewy, giving ample time to savor their respective flavors.  I personally liked the fourth better, but liked the flavors for both, but the chewiness is putting an end to a repeat in the near future.  The tongue experience (three types) was also interesting, but in the end, the textures were not appealing enough to me.  The marbled, tender cheek was universally loved.  Decadent fatty belly to finish, like butter. Highly recommend that the sides don't get overlooked.  Their refreshing scallion vinaigrette salad, generous topped with shredded seaweed and sesame, was a perfect foil for the meats, as was their fun "Bakudan" dish of Japanese rice rolled up in Korean seaweed or pickled sesame leaf (the latter could pass for a tubby stuffed grape leaf). As we wound down our meat orgy, the efficient staff cleared out all the plates, shut the grill, and pulled up the vent.  It seemed criminal not to have their single dessert to end, a vanilla soft-serve with your choice of interesting toppings (rice-flour dumplings, black sesame and soybean flour, azuki beans, hoji syrup, green tea syrup, salted caramel syrup, and goji berry syrup).  Or just have them all, topped with gold flakes.  Its enormous, and we shared it just fine with four. Reservations advised, and a max group of 4 would be most comfortable.  Don't wear nice clothes, you will smell like BBQ when you leave.  Grilled meats portions are perfect for a group of 4 to try a bit each, but at $12 - $24 per item, it will add up.  Not too extensive of an alcohol list, but a good selection of sake, shochu, and beers to go with the BBQ. Looking forward to my next round of raw and grilled meats.
I had a great time here with some friends who happen to be foodies. We wanted to try everything, especially the exotic meats. We had: aorta, heart, three parts of the tongue, cow testicles, chuck eye tartare, liver, belly, sweetbread, short rib, cheek By the end of the night it felt like we had eaten every part of the cow. What a culinary adventure! I have to say my favorite was the chuck eye tartare. I could eat a pound of it. Each bite was succulent, refreshing and tender. Another star that I haven' t mentioned yet was the niku-uni - chuck flap topped with sea urchin and wasabi. It was the definition of decadence. Please come to Takashi with an open stomach and open mind. Take some risks and try some of the crazier items. Dinner at Takashi was more than a meal, it was culinary eye-opening experience
I am not a big beef eater.... If you are and enjoy your meat raw, grilled and every part of the cow you can think of -  this place is for you. Cons: -  if you are a party of less than 4, you can't make reservation.  This means be prepared to wait for 1-2 hours.  I really enjoyed my dinner but not enough to wait for a table next time. -  you really need to enjoy beef (including intestines, balls, tongue, cheeks, etc).  The only option for those not beef eaters is rice and rice rolled in seaweed. -  since you grill your own beef (the grill is built into a table),  your clothes, your skin and your hair (if you have it) will smell. -  do not let them seat you across from front door unless they are willing to give you a discount.  The door is not protected and there are people in and out every 5 mins, which blasts cold air on you.   Some guests were so inconsiderate, leaving door open while waiting for their friends and family be fully dressed.   The job of the host is to prevent these situations.  He didn't.   Pros: -  very fresh meat  (had both raw and grilled) -  scrumptious marinades -  attentive service Would I go back?  Probably not.  There are better places in a city that never sleeps.  Try Don Bogam.
Who would have thought I was going to be having some testicargot this past weekend? Yes... cow balls, escargot style!  I can't believe I am even typing this.  But, this is what happens when you dine with three adventurous eaters.  I succumbed to peer pressure and washed that thing down with mighty courage.  It wasn't that bad.  A little bit grainy, but the garlic shiso butter sauce was good.  Would I do it again?  Probably not... Other things I ate that I usually don't eat, but actually enjoyed eating, include "the tongue experience"--three different types of beef tongue grilled in front of you.  I also really enjoyed the stewed beef tendon casserole and the U.S. Kobe marbled chuck-flat steak which they cook at your table as well.  The biggest surprise of the night was how much I liked the Niku-Uni (raw chuck flap and uni on top of a crispy seaweed sheet and shiso leaf).  What a delicious combination of flavors and textures.  Never was a fan of raw meat, but this one won me over.  The Yooke (chuckeye tartare) was pretty good too.  I am converted.
Spectacular dining experience. First and foremost, a reservation is a must! I booked mine two weeks ahead of time, since I was visiting from out-of-town. The service was very friendly and so helpful in getting a grasp of the menu. They started us off with a simple salad with the most delicious miso(?) ginger dressing, fresh kimchee (not overly fermented so that you can taste the greens...I highly recommend it and ordering an extra one because it helps cut through the fat of the meat. Our starters included beef shank buns (think melt in your mouth morsels that you sandwich between a white fluffy bao), stewed tendons, and an exquisite House Bresaola (Kobe Beef Prosciutto) with Blue Cheese, Hazelnut Apple Honey Soy Mustard....it was so amazing that I would love to eat this everyday. The bresaola was on the bottom covered with thin slivers of blue cheese, these micro greens, and mustard that just created a mouthful of happiness. The textures worked so beautifully together. Then we ordered beef cheek, kalbi, beef belly and bakudan (rice rolls with either dried nori on the outside or shiso or perilla leaf marinated in soy sauce). Each part of the beef tasted so unique and different. For adventurous eaters, they offer each part of the cow on the menu, and I would come back to work my way through the animal (maybe minus the testicargot). The walls were decorated with drawings that explained the benefits to eating different parts of the cow and overall it was a great experience. Somehow, we all managed to end the meal with a sundae (you can mix and match the ingredients) but it was impossible to resist when we saw our neighboring diners enjoying it while we were making our way through the main course. I will try to come back on one of your ramen nights, which I heard was on a Friday/Saturday but I'll check to see when it takes place. Meat eaters heaven!
Takashi = Amazing Japanese Premium Beef Kalbi ! I tried Takashi, the horumonya (offal house), 3 days ago, for dinner.  It came highly recommended by my g-sis.  She accompanied me, my gf, and my father, and did most of the ordered for us. The meat and offal products here are top notch.  Their meat is supplied by Japanese Premium Beef, or Bohemian fame. Some cuts were so so, but other were beyond amazing.  The kalbi was perfectly marbled and was the best kalbi I have tasted in NYC, even tastier than from any Korean BBQ restaurant.  The portions are not big here, and the kalbi is boneless, but trust me, it is Japanese quality good. The secret kimchi, that is brought out upon request, trumps the default kimchi. I also enjoyed the Sweetbreads and Heart.  The Liver was okay.  I wasn't too keen on the different intestinal parts or the tongue.  I usually am a huge fan of tongue, but the tongue here was on the rubbery side rather than the juicy fatty side. I did not have to pay for my meal, so don't have a good gauge on how much it would have cost, although I do know that dining here is pricey.  Therefore, Takashi is great, but not the type of place you can dine at frequently. Also, when ordering sake, opt for the glass and not the carafe.  The space isn't large, so only go in groups with a max size of 4 people.
Went to Takashi with my roommate and another friend with no expectations. It's open until midnight on Friday and Saturday which is awesome. Upon entering I noticed, most of the servers (and clientele) were not Japanese. This is usually a bit of a red flag for me, but I figured I'm in New York so probably not a reflection of the quality of food (it wasn't at all). We were seated fairly promptly and the two other guys with me told me to order for everyone. Ah! the pressure! Now this is not a traditional Japanese menu for the most part. Smokey Beef Flavored Popcorn? check! Fioe Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger with Chocolate BBQ Sauce? Yup! (me WTF???) But I like turning traditional on it's head when it works. I didn't go crazy this time being my maiden voyage, but seriously going back over the menu makes me want to go back and try more. It was 11pm so I ordered fairly conservatively - Stewed Beef Tendon Casserole - pretty damn good Niku-Uni (Kobe tartar on shiso leaf topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) MORE PLEASE. Then some standard yaki-niku: Kalbi, Some "Toro Kalbi"?, Rosu (ribeye) and 3 large Hitachino Beers to wash it all down with. We thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes and the one guy who wasn't hungry to begin with ended up eating a full meal. Definitely will be back to explore the menu more!
I've been to many, many Asian BBQ places and this one just got it all wrong. I came here on an outing with people from work.  We just wrapped a TV show and some of us went for dinner before going out later. It's a tiny place, which could be romantic and fun given the right circumstances.   Every sort of cow part was available to cook.  If you're adventurous, it's a wonderful place to experiment. But the staff was overly pushy and weren't very helpful when answering questions. "How many dishes should we order" is a simple one but we kept getting different answers.  I figured for $20 you should be getting a fair amount so we settled on 4 for the 4 of us sharing one of the BBQs Silly us. The portions were incredibly small and although delicious, it was so anti climatic.  The four portions of meat came out on a plate no larger than my two small girl hands.   Also, we made the reservation for 8 but then one person bailed last minute.  As a waitress for most of my life, I know one less person is a lot easier to deal with than one extra person.  But these jackasses has the audacity to tell us to give up our second table because there weren't 8 of us.  The restaurant was pretty empty so it wasn't even like we were been an opposition.  But still two 4 tops seat 8 people.  One less person still seats 7.  Why were they telling us to sit 7 people around one tiny ass BBQ,having all of us squished in and barely able to operate chopsticks?  After trying to appease them, we just told them it wasn't going to work.  They rolled their eyes, gave us attitude the entire time, and just make the entire experience unpleasant.  The look of relief when we asked for the check was so apparent that it was reprehensible.   Maybe some West Villagers and the like don't mind shelling out for over priced Japanese BBQ.  And maybe some people make enough money that this is chump change.  And perhaps they thought we were these people.  But we were polite, considerate and there to have a good time.  There's so reason that our experience had to be as stupid as it was. I'm sure you'll still go here because the food IS good, but the experience was just so disappointing.   There's nothing worse than pretentious wait staff with sticks up their ass.
I came here with a group of 6 for new year's eve dinner. Service was friendly. Suggestions from our waitress were helpful. Price is high, but this place is to savor the high quality meat and not to gorge ourselves. If you're not full yet, you can always walk around the neighborhood for dessert. Recommended for meat lover.
Chef Takashi Inoue is pretty bad ass, and so is his concept of a Japanese/Korean BBQ (which in itself is not unique).  However, it is completed with the most exotic and extensive offering of animal body parts you will find unimaginable anywhere else.   dare to be adventurous.  and if you are not, my friend I dare you to take the plunge.  Takashi's take on BBQ is pretty damn fresh. my favorite is the rare rib eye with shiso leaf and a blob of uni on top.  pretty damn amazing. so if you're worried that the liver will taste funky, or the idea of brains turns you off.. forget all you have tried and throw all that you think you know out the window.   and to complete the whole BBQ experience... yes, you will leave the restaurant smelling like it. so, don't shower or anything and, above all, JUST DO IT.
YUM!  A fusion between japanesse and korean bbq and 110% delicious! The restaurant is very unassuming, I have probably walked by it 20+ times and never noticed that behind the neutral awning and tinted windows was a delicious, smokey meat den.   Reservations only for parties of 4 or more and HIGHLY recommended on the weekends.  The dishes are addictive.  Not a place for vegetarians - it is all meat here with the exception of the rice.   You will leave here smelling like smoke and BBQ.  It is very casual, not a dress-up spot, and defintiely a great spot for a group of friends who love meat!
Do you think offal is awful? Then don't go here. Sorry, just had to say it. At any rate, I love liver, I heart heart, I swoon for sweetbreads. Takashi serves up some tasty treats for the meat eater in you. My man friend treated me to this experience for my birthday this year and it was some meaty fun. A bit on the pricey size for the portions, but definitely quality ingredients. I'd recommend the sweetbreads, which were absolutely transcendent, and the chuck flap "sushi". The seasonal pickles were also good. Particularly the beets, which were these thin-sliced sweet delicious bites. Finish off with some of the ice cream (with black sesame   and soybean flour topping recommended) and you'll leave happy.
Outrageously overpriced for tiny portions of beef.  I had the 'rib-eye' at $24....four raw strips of thin (1/8'') beef: not even ample for an appetizer, let alone for a main course.  ABSURD and INSULTING! This place is charming looking with a very pleasant staff but mark my words: it will never last! I give it 1 year maximum if they stick with their current portions and prices.
Only 45 hours in NYC, and Takashi was the first restaurant I wanted to visit. Arrived on a Sunday evening, and after about an hour wait, my friend and I was fortunate enough to be the last table seated before closing. Complimentary starter "banchan" dishes: cabbage salad, bean sprouts, kimchi Ordered: * Niku-Uni ($24 for 4 pieces) * Bake-it-yourself Oxtail & Potato Curry Pie with Cilantro Cumin Yogurt Sauce ($6) * The Tongue Experience Tan-saki, Tan-suji & Tan-moto ($20) * Tsurami Cheek ($12) The niku-uni dish was just perfect! A piece of nori, shiso leaf, raw chuck flap, topped with uni, and dipped in wasabi soy sauce. Simple, with not much preparation involved really, but it goes to show that quality ingredients can go a long way. Briny, savory, sweet, minty, citrusy; the dish is just paired perfectly. The oxtail and potato curry pie was on the daily special menu and it is "baked" on the grill for about two minutes. Nothing to gripe about, nor anything spectacular. It isn't something I would order again. The quality of the raw meats for the grill really is as good as it gets, and the marinades delicious. The server advises you on how long to cook each item. Listen carefully and pay attention, as timing is pertinent. Bust out your iPhone and start the stopwatch! Overcooked the first few slices of beef tongue tip by mere seconds, and it got too tough and chewy. 45 seconds flat on each side, and it was cooked to perfection! The only downside is that the space is tiny with grills within close proximity so the ventilation isn't great. For tourists who won't be doing any laundry, don't wear anything nice nor bring a coat you will want to wear for the rest of your trip, as you will reek of BBQ smoke that will linger for days.
Went to Takashi with four other friends and probably ate every part of a cow that evening.   Not everyone at the table was the adventurous type, but we all enjoyed the various cuts of tongue, stomachs (do cows really have four??), cheek, etc etc.  I can go on, but it actually grosses me out to name all these body parts that we ingested.   In any case, all the grilled meats were tasty, especially the thick tongue.  Yooke and the steamed buns were my favorite overall.  Get the spicy cucumbers or scallion salad to balance out the heaviness of the meat.   No one at the table liked testicargot, so unless you really want to say you had cow balls, steer clear. They have one dessert - soft serve ice cream with various toppings.  I'm a huge rice cake fan, but the ones they put in the ice cream were way too big and gummy.  Stick to plain or red bean paste.   I wouldn't make any big plans to go out after dinner, since you'll be smelling like smoke / meat / bbq until your next shower.
Fantastic experience here for a group of six on a Saturday night. The service was simply outstanding, and the food was even better.  Cannot get over just how tasty everything was and how adventurous you can get with ethically sourced meat and produce!   We were unrushed and well advised...and totally full/buzzed.   Recommend the skirt steak, marbled ribeye, cheek, steak tartar, truffled crostini with clover (special), seaweed wrapped rice balls, and the salted caramel covered vanilla ice cream. Tried the sweetbreads (glands this time) as well and they were OK - have had better.   $105/each for food, two bottles of wine (rioja), two bottles of sake (the one unfiltered option, which is not as sweet as they say in the best sense btw), and at least twelve rounds of meat for six plus apps, including tip!  Imagine you could easily tone it down if you leave the party people with good taste at home/come with a smaller group and stick to the basics. However, doing it "up" here is highly recommended to get the full experience.   Will definitely come back!
I have been here a number of times, the beef is the best I've ever had, and I've developed a taste for sweetbreads. But the last time I was there, the maitre d' took against us. He told the couple before us that it would be an hour or an hour and a half before they had seats; he told us three or three and a half hours. Because I live relatively close, I said okay. After 1 1/2 hours, he called and hung up immediately. We called back. The phone rang a long time. When he answered he said we could be seated if we were there very quickly. Along we trotted. I am confused as to why he was trying to discourage us. Wrong race? Wrong gender? Wrong age? Something less tangible? The food was great and the server was friendly and efficient. But I still feel a bit disturbed about the experience. This was one of my favorite restaurants; now I'm not sure if I should return.
My co-worker saw this place featured on Anthony Bourdain's show and promptly made reservations. Apparently if Mr. Bourdain had one last meal on earth, this would be it! Ambiance is very cozy since this place is so quaint. We had a party of 4 with reservations and were seated comfortably at a table complete with a grill and overhead vent. The main thing about this place is that you have to be willing to try unconventional "cuts" of meat. If I remember correctly we ordered the Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) to start, which was veryyy delicately made and absolutely scrumptious. We also ordered a bunch of Yakitori (stomach, belly, short rib, etc.) and had a scallion vinaigrette salad on the side. As it goes with most yakitori places, don't expect to come out of here stuffed, but I thought it was the perfect amount since there was so much flavor in everything. We also got the ice cream at the end with "the works" which was very reminiscent of desserts from Asia. Overall, a must try if you're a Japanese BBQ fan and/or Foodie. I would recommend this over Gyu-Kaku or Yakitori Totto, just for the ambiance and quality of meats.
Can we say, delicious?!? When it comes to (Asian) BBQ, nothing can beat Korean BBQ. They serve at least 10 more complementary side plates than Takashi. (Takashi is Korean and Japanese fushion BBQ, but it is more Japanese influenced.) Also, complementary fresh vegetables and soup are served at Korean venues at about half the price. However, there is something unique to Japanese style Yakiniku that makes it a worthy trip once in awhile. The meat is tender, and the ambience and its cultural style of being served in small, delicate portions is oddly pleasing. They must be doing something right to charge twice as much as Korean BBQ with half the food and still produce happy, satisfied customers. The most important dishes unique to Takashi that makes this place so addicting is their RAW portion of their menu. We got: Namagimo (ultra-fresh liver with sesame oil and roasted rock salt), and Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) and it was DELICIOUS! Maybe I have a thing for steak tartares and raw meat in general, but the special sauce with tender raw meat/liver did it for me. Truthfully, the meat quality and the types served were like any other Korean restaurants. But the Raw menu itself is worth returning for. The ambience is on the casual side, but still a great place to date. I will be visiting once in a while when I need some variation from the usual delicious Korean BBQ!
Definitely 3.5 stars (C'mon yelp, give us the 1/2 star already).  On a quiet stretch of Hudson street below the hectic portion of the West Village lies this little spot where you get to grill your own little cut of meat or other piece of adventurous part of the cow.   The yakiniku experience was the most exciting part of the night.  Especially since the temperature is starting to drop.  You get to grill your own food over a grill right at the table, and you will likely smell from it too, so be warned first daters!   Fun for the whole family.  The food is tasty and a bit on the pricey side though given the portion size.   The wife and I really enjoyed the concept and most of the food was really amazing.  We shared the following: Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) You roll this up and add your own wasabi and dip in soy sauce.  It was pretty much heavenly.  The raw uni was amazing and the raw steak was pretty tasty as well, but the combo was perfect. Fioe Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger with Chocolate BBQ Sauce.  Comes with a sunny-side up quail egg and dowsed with the BBQ sauce.  It was like a delicious savory burger for dessert but as an appetizer.   The grilled meats came next, which had a choice of two sauces:   Seasoned with salt, garlic and sesame oil;   Marinated in Takashi's sauce       We had a portion of the Seasoned Rosu (ribeye) that we grilled to a perfect medium rare and a spritz of lemon.  Not sure it needed the lemon, but the meat was tender and tasted great.   Then we had the Horumon-Moriawase (chef's selection) marinated in Takashi's sauce ...which consisted of the following below: Mino (first stomach) Akasen (fourth stomach) Hatsu (heart) Shibire (sweetbreads) Kimo (liver) We both liked them all accept the 4th stomach.  It was really chewy and neither of us loved the consistency.  The flavor wasn't all that special either.  But the sweetbreads were amazing.  The liver was flavorful and tasty as was the heart.  Portions were a wee bit small, but still ultimately enough to split between two people. And we also had a bowl of rice. We wound up waiting a long time from when we put our name in, so the host was super kind and wound up comping the first round of drinks.  Patience, people!  The service otherwise was very helpful in our decision making for our dinner as well as sauce choices.   Will definitely try to come back and try some more adventurous parts of the cow!
Absolutely delicious. Absolutely overpriced. Dinner for four was over 300 dollars, and we left still hungry. add about a random extra 20 bucks to your bill for dry cleaning as all our clothing reeked of meat afterwards. Still really really tasty just not QUITE worth it
Oh lord, this place was amazing. It's like a vegetarian's worst nightmare....but so, so good. LOVE. The yummy yummy goods: Niku-Uni (I mean, how can you go wrong with raw chuck flap topped with uni and wrapped in nori??? I do wish the slice of meat was a tad thinner, though...a little hard to chew), Yooke (thinly-sliced tartare in special sauce...this was my favorite) The still goods but not as note-worthy as the yummy yummy goods: All of the grilled meats - these were so so tasty, but it was def not as good as the raw dishes. And yes, even though they have special fans directly over the grill, you will still smell like cooked cow when you leave. So so great. Small spots, make sure to make resos way ahead of time.
Every year we like to try something new and exciting for our anniversary even if it costs alot we know it is for a special occasion. I would definitely recommend this place. The little bbq grill in front of you adds something fun to the eating experience if you are in the mood for that. We were sad that the calves brain was only seasonal but no biggie. I was expecting to be obsessed with the uni/kobe because I love both items but something was overpowering the delicate flavors i wanted to embrace my taste buds. The meatball in chocholate sauce was awesome, the stand out was that bbq chocholate sauce. Expensive app but worth trying. The main thing that would bring me back are the cuts of kobe meat. The waitress will tell you the most popular cuts and trust me, those are the ones to order because first we didn't listen and then we did and she was right. The meat is orgasmic. I don't know how else to describe. We had a great meal for a little over $200 which I expected. I would come back for that kobe meat for sure. Am I forgetting anything? The service was good too. Nice bathroom. Okay that's it. Solid place, highly recommend.
5 stars for the unusually prepared food that goes beyond the norm.  I have not seen any of these combinations at a different restaurant, and if that's the kind of thing you seek, this is the place to go.   A few of the things we had were: - House Bresaola (Kobe Beef Prosciutto) with Blue Cheese, Hazelnut Apple Honey Soy Mustard ($18) -- MUST GET!!  I was very skeptical thinking that one flavor would overpower the other, but the combination of these flavors marry very well together. - Fioe Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger with Chocolate BBQ Sauce ($20) -- You don't quite taste the foie gras aspect as much.  The kobe burger is prepared in the shape of a ball in a small hot pot.  The chocolate bbq sauce boiled in the pot. - Testicargot (cow balls escargot style with garlic shiso butter) ($12) -- Only for those with a stomach.  The inside was soft while the outside in cased the soft insides.  It was an interesting dish, but will admit that it was really good. - Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) ($24) -- This I didn't quite understand.  The initial flavor and texture were from the seaweed and uni.  As you continued chewing, the flavors of the raw beef and shisho leaf.  It was interesting, but not my favorite. - Tan-saki, Tan-suji & Tan-moto (the tongue experience) ($20) - Tsurami (cheek) ($12) -- This was delicious!  Must get! The waitress will instruct the desired timing for all bbq meats. It's a small place with only limited seating.  Reservations are highly recommended.  The staff is very accommodating.  I would recommending coming in parties of 4 so you can try more.
Takashi was on the top of my cousin's list of restaurants to try in NY, so we dined there for dinner shortly after we landed.  This place is sure getting a lot of business after being featured on Anthony Bourdain's new layover show, there was a constant influx of people waiting for an open table.  The restaurant is tiny, comprised of a bar area and a handful of tables.  The night started off on a sour note as our six top was seated at a table that would only comfortably fit four people.  I was famished at this point and reluctantly endured the horrible seating arrangement at the prospect of delectable cuts of beef for dinner.   For appetizers we started with Yooke (chuck tatare) and Niku-Uni (uni and raw chuck over seaweed), both were awesome.  Looking for something cooked on the menu for those with us that didn't find the raw appetizers palatable, I ordered the beef tendon dish and beef balls.  Well...when the beef balls arrived, they weren't the meatballs I was expecting.  They literally cow balls cooked escargot style!  Unfortunately, this was the most disliked dish of the evening and I had to finish most of it since I ordered it. From the huge selection of grilled meats and organ parts, we picked: the Kobe Marbled Chuck-flat Steak, Short Rib, Rib-eye, Beef Belly, Beef Tongue and Beef Cheeks.  We tried both the Takashi marinade and salt, garlic and sesame oil marinade based on the servers recommendation on which was better for the types of cuts we chose.  My favorites turned out to be the beef belly, tongue and cheeks.  You definitely need a side order of rice and some alcohol to wash down the grilled meats as they are on the salty side when eaten alone.   The food was good for the most part but since you grill everything yourself, it really depends on how good you are at managing temperatures so you don't overcook the meat.  Your server will try to help out and guide you on timing but ultimately it's up to you.  It's not like the all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ places either, where if you overcook something you just toss it and start over.  The portions at Takashi are small and not to mention pricey.  You will be disappointed if you end up grilling your meats to death.  Service was acceptable but it seemed like our server had more tables than he could handle and was always behind with requests. Takashi is an interesting concept which has all the elements for excellent interactive meal granted that you go with the right people.  I like to think of it as an trendy Japanese influenced Korean BBQ place with quality cuts of meat.  I wouldn't mind returning to try this place again but will have to come with a party of four or fewer so that we can sit comfortably and actually enjoy our meal.  Bring rather pricey for a restaurant where you have to cook your own food, it's just okay in my book for now.
Phenomenal, unique food combined with wonderful service.  Mimi was the waitress to get. We will return many times and be more adventurous.  The heated toilet seat was icing on the cake.
BAHHHHH! this place is soooooo delissssshhhh!!!!!! the FRESHEST and place for TOP QUALITY meat....... in NYC. This is a Japanese style yakiniku restaurant... compared to all the k-town bbq restaurants......... but I must say out of all of them this is the place to go if you want the BEST yakiniku experience :D Meat is absoluetly tender, flavorful, and they won't get pissed if you want to cook it to your likings (usually Korean BBQ they don't like it when you cook your own.... and I always get the EYE since I like it medRARE.. LOL) GYU-TAN was amazing but the ATSUGIRI (thick cut)... so gooood!!! harami was soooo good too!! ahh, i cant wait to go again....!!
Long wait, but quite an impressive meal. The restaurant ambiance is rather basic, no exciting frills or thrills.   Niku-Uni was very exciting with a good balance of exotic flavors of uni, beef, shiso, wasabi.  It's like nothing you've eaten before - soft, gooey textures that melt in your mouth.  The presentation in my opinion, could be in proved.  But again, maybe it's back to the no frills concept.   Next was the Bone Marrow and Crawfish Dumplings  with Hong Kong-Style Hot Peanut Oil Sauce.  It was pretty good, but didn't blow my mind. But this one did.  U.S. Kobe Marbled Chuck-flat Steak, cooked and sliced for you.  We had it rare, then grilled it each piece individually as we ate it.  The marble-lization of the fat/meat was juicy, creamy, sweet, and with a side dash of salt (msg), will simply burst with pleasure in your mouth.  I seriously have not tasted beef this wonderful before. The wine list was just okay. I think it pair better with dry-er, more structured types of wines to pair off the smooth flavors of the food.
This place is absolutely unbelievable! I love meat and this is THE place for meat lovers.  I went with a friend of mine that has been a few times in the past, and he took the helm and ordered nearly the entire menu.  Everything was perfect!  I highly recommend this place!!  With the grill in front of you, you can cook everything to your liking.  And, if you get a little clumsy with any of the exotic items, the friendly staff stops by and offers some assistance. Fantastic and highly recommended! I do recommend making a reservation.  It's small and quaint (part of the charm), so reservations are necessary to avoid a wait.
this place is awesome !!! it's Japanese BBQ not Korean and it's so unique and delicious !. I have been  wanting to try it for a whole and it's always packed but they take reservations so that helps! Their food is amazing and so are their drinks it's a super unique experience and I will definitely go back here!!
People grimace and stick out their tongues when I tell them my favorite food. If I had an ounce more pluck, I would congratulate them on guessing my second favorite food. I love sweetbreads first, and then I love tongue. I am writing this with a straight face. Returning to New York City for only a day and a half visit, a year after I'd moved to Los Angeles, I spent hours researching just the right restaurants to invest my time and money in. Takashi was the easiest choice. New York Magazine's 2010 Best Of issue awarded it best offal, mentioning a dish called the "tongue experience." Their website confirmed they had sweetbreads, as well as the first and fourth stomach, large intestines, heart, and various other beef cuts. If an appetite for sidemeat is your Achilles' heel, try the Achilles tendon! Imagine my surprise, though, when I was sat at the bar around the chefs' prep area with a personal grill in front of me, and realized I would be barbecuing these meats myself. It's hard not to think about the animal when I'm handling raw meat, but enter the menu: the first page specifies exactly where the meat is sourced from (farms in upstate New York and Oregon), how it's raised (grass fed, hormone and antibiotic free, and pasture raised), and who distributes it (Dickson's Farmstand in Chelsea Market and Pat LaFrieda). As the grill heated up and began to warm my face, I was served bowls of very bright, pungent, spicy kimchee; bean sprouts with a fantastic umami quality; and cabbage salad with a sweet ginger miso dressing that was so delicious I would later use it as a dipping sauce--probably much to the staff's dismay, but they'd never show it. My spunky server never left me waiting, wondering what would happen next, and she didn't hover either. The "tongue experience" included four to six pieces each from the front of the tongue, back of the tongue, and bottom of the tongue, seasoned with salt, garlic, and sesame oil. I've always had tongue sliced all the way through, so this proved to be an experience for my tongue too. The front pieces were cut in a special way to tenderize it, but it was still chewy. I recommend ordering the bottom only, if you can do it. The sweetbreads will last in my memory for years to come. Ten slices (or what I think amounted to five sweetbreads as ordered from most restaurants) laid in a platter of Takashi's sauce, a savory and sweet barbecue marinade, with green onion and sesame seeds. I was encouraged to cook them two minutes per side, but rather than use my cell phone timer, I gauged doneness with my body clock, and the look and texture of each piece. I learned a lot of the sweetbreads I've eaten are overcooked, and I found an entirely new appreciation for this playful food. I had brought a New Yorker to read during my meal, but in more than an hour I only read a couple of pages. This food was seriously fun. And for the tongue experience, sweetbreads, a large Sapporo, and a grateful tip, I still only spent about $50. One of the best meals I ever had in New York City. I only hope Chef Takashi decides to expand to Los Angeles. I'd be his best customer.
I think this place is a good test....whoever my future wife is, I need to be able to bring her here and she needs to be able to freely eat everything on this menu.  Does that mean I'll definitely end up with some Asian girl who surfs Yelp? Anyway, started off with the Yooke, a chuck eye beef tartare and raw egg.  Great texture, definitely recommend it.  Next was the sea urchin on top of raw chuck flap, it was good, but not sure if I'd call it a must have.  Third appetizer was beef lard crostini (my interpretation of the fancy name).  Damn...there's a little beef lard on there, but it is ridiculously flavorful, definitely get this! Now the main event.  First it was beef liver, decent, but not super different from what you expect out of liver, had that livery taste.  Second was heart, similar texture to the liver, but without the liver taste.  Third was the first stomach, a little chewy, kind of reminded me of scallops texture, interesting.  Fourth was fourth stomach (no pun intended), think of this as a really really chewy scallop, I really liked it, others maybe not so much.   Fifth and final "course" were the sweetbreads.  My friend asked the waiter what it was, I thought to myself "why are you asking, it's just bread that's sweet?"  The waiter says "It's cow brain."  Uh, shows how much I really know.  The texture is kind of like tofu, but not like the super soft kind.  Overall, I liked it, really good flavor. Definitely add this place to your list if you're on the more adventurous side of eating, it'll be a great conversation starter at the next cocktail party too!
The stars of the night were basically anything that was served raw.  All the rave reviews of the Yooke are well deserved, as the flavours and texture of this finely crafted chuck eye tartare had you feverishly going back for bite after bite after bite.  The Namagimo was also a surprisingly refreshing balance of flavours that did not try and hide the liver's natural taste, but rather complement it and enhance its sashimi-like texture.   The Niku-Uni was another luxurious and decadent bite, although the chuck flap was easily overshadowed by the plump serving of uni and thus easily forgotten. However tasty and delectable the evening started out, the cooked dishes were pretty standard and less impressive than our starters.  Other than the novelty of saying, "I ate cow balls", the testicargots were simply an exercise in familiar textures bathed in a pesto-like sauce.  Although the grilled items were all tasty, it is hard to shake the memories of equally flavourful helpings in infinitely larger piles of meat for far better value at any of your better Korean BBQ establishments in Queens.  I guess it's nice to experience the varied textures of offal, but at the end of the day, the only one I thought was worth ordering were the brilliantly soft and lush sweetbreads, as this was one of the only times I've been able to eat them sans breading and deep fried.
Takashi was the highlight meal of a recent 12-day stay in the city. The reviews on Yelp did not let us down. It's yakiniku style so if you aren't comfortable grilling your own meals table side--don't worry--the staff will assist. Of course the great cuts like short ribs and Kobe are there, but the highlight of the meal was the horumon... i.e., discarded parts like liver, heart, sweetbreads. We tried them all (party of four) and they did not disappoint. Only item I personally found that really didn't kill me was the raw Kobe with sea urchin. Mildly disappointing in that it seemed overwhelmed by the seaweed it sat on but it wasn't bad. Just didn't rock my boat. The service is impeccable, the atmosphere comfortable and casual--and lively! Reserve ahead and don't show up unless you're prepared for an opening that may not occur. This place is smoking hot. A destination meal if you're in the city. Pricey but not outrageous. Oh, and don't pass up the raw liver with sesame. My God, these people are geniuses. Must return soon.
Very expensive, but very good service and the food is pretty good too.  Whatever their special was, some sort of porterhouse or ribs on the bone, was especially good and good to split.  A fun place, and high quality meats. The soft serve is overrated though.  It's just soft serve, folks - it's not that interesting.
This is the quintessential yakiniku experience.  Eschewing the decadent imported Wagyu at Yakiniku West or the non-grilled appetizers, sides, bells and whistles of Gyu-Kaku, Takashi gets down to business.  The meat is locally and excellently sourced, resulting in a variety of cuts celebrating the cow in its entirety. Most yakiniku places offer tripe and gizzards under the blanket term "horumon", focusing their attention on the cuts of steak we all know and love. Takashi offers first stomach, fourth stomach, heart, liver, cheek, sweetbread, and multiple cuts of tongue, all deliberately sourced and each uniquely delicious.  I found the tongue in particular to be absurdly good: tender, beefy, and robust enough to stand up to the sea salt and sesame oil, three plates of the stuff was not enough. Embracing the tradition of Korean barbecue to which yakiniku owes its roots, Takashi elevates the artform with beef that tastes like beef (a disturbing rarity among restaurants of this nature.) The ice cream is delicious and by all means try the Niku-uni (worthy of the buzz it's getting, but I found the roasted seaweed a distraction from the otherwise perfect trifecta of marbled beef, creamy uni and refreshing shiso.)  But don't let those things distract you from the star of the show and enjoying every part of it.
Holy Cow!! Pun definitely intended. I've never loved beef so much in my life! I mean, a good steak is always welcomed, but Takashi offers so much more than your traditional cuts.   We started our meal with the Namagimo - fresh (raw) liver.  Even though most raw foods, with the exception of sushi, usually give me the chills, this dish was absolutely unbelievable.  As expected, the texture was a bit slimy, but the marinade and rock salt made this dish absolutely savory. We also ordered some beef shoulder and sweetbread (first time trying sweetbread!) and both were absolutely unbelievably tender and tasty.   As a side note, we came for a friends birthday.  There were about 10 of us and even though you can't really seat more than 4 to a table, we got lucky and got two tables next to each other and got comfortable.  It was a great experience.  Would definitely recommend this place and have been trying to find an excuse to go back.
Wow, I was blown away. I've never been a huge fan of Korean BBQ: what's so special about cooking my own food over an indoor grill?   Takashi demonstrates exactly what's so special.  Perfect cuts of supreme-quality, sourced beef allow you to fully taste and appreciate everything that is Cow.  And Takashi does everything: intestine, stomach, tongue, cheek, rib, heart, glands, in addition to more familiar beefy cuts.  Each cut comes with specific cooking directions, and proteins can come either simply marinated in oil and salt, or doused in a delicious spicy sauce.  Highly recommended are the sweetbreads -- best of my life. But what else is going on at Takashi is just as interesting.  A gratis sample of home made kimchee, pickled mung beans, and cabbage with miso sauce greeted us as we arrived.  Spicy-coated edamame were devoured instantly.  The most eye-opening dish was the plate ($10) of local greenmarket produce that for us included different lettuce greens, two types of shiso, baby zucchini, carrots, raddish, and one of the hottest peppers I've ever eaten (delicious roasted on the grill and eaten carefully with miso-sesame sauce). And to finish?  There's only one dessert: Madagascar vanilla bean soft-serve.  David Chang and the Momofuku empire should hang their head in shame with what they produce at Milk Bar compared to what's going on here at Takashi.  Luscious, mind-blowing vanilla creaminess is served with an assortment of Japanese sundae toppings.  I suggest just ordering "the works" which comes with red beans, flour-paste dumplings, gold leaf, and a heavy dousing in Hoji sauce, which is almost like a bitter chocolate sauce. Tip: The bathroom is equipped with a "Japanese-style" fully automatic toilet.  The control panel (lid lifting, front washing, back washing, drying, warming) is on the wall to the side.
It's hard not to give this place a 5-star! It's so good. It's common to compare this place to Gyukaku, the more well-known Japanese bbq brand. (I haven't tried Gyukaku in NY, but I had in Hawaii. I'd probably say Gyukaku there is a slight bit up, but that one is my personal favorite). The full service here is just so nice. The food is excellent, and the waiters are so helpful, the blackboards are full of useful information and cute drawings, and even the toilet! is the japanese style flush with water cleaning. They put so much thought into the restaurant, it's almost worth to price tag. (beware, the yelp $$$$ rating is right, it really is pretty expensive! Especially because you need to order enough to fill up since portions aren't big) But still, overall, definitely a 5-star experience.
Although I think it's way over priced, I still enjoy the meal and the experience. They provide superb beef (small in portion though) and fantastic service as it could be. It's new experience in Korean/Jap BBQ. It's stated to be Kobe beef... I'm not sure about that, but very tasty. Recommend the special xxx beef (limited supply) dipping in a raw egg. Very nice texture and taste! Cheek is not as good as expect. Sushi is okay. I was amazed by they asking us to wrap the seaweed ourselves... Mention the price, well, $12 for mixed veg for BBQ and $50+/ppl (girls who do not have a large appetite)... but still recommend a try if you're not tight on budget.
Takashi is a very cute restaurant with also very little seating. They only take reservations of 4 or more, so if you're going with less people, make sure you get there early and get your name down on the list. We ordered sake for the meal. And with that, they let you choose an assortment of sake cups, all made with different materials, had different designs, and sizes. I found this to be a lot of fun. For appetizers, the Testicargot- cow testicles cooked escargot style with garlic shiso butter were pretty good. It deftinitely had a mineral taste to them, but the garlic butter covered balanced it out. The Niku-Uni- chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi was definitely a favorite. Fresh sea urchin is always good. And Yooke- thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce. It so good, each person could probably eat one by themselves. For mains,we tried and assortment of grilled meat. It doesn't matter if you choose seasoned with salt, garlic and sesame oil or the marinated in Takashi's sauce, all of it was fantastic. The stomachs were a bit chewy for me, but otherwise, I enjoyed everything we tried. My recommendations would be the Tsurami (cheek), Rosu (ribeye), and the Shio-Tan (tongue) For dessert, we had the home-made Madagascar vanilla softserve ice cream with your choice of toppings. My favorite were there Shiratama (rice-flour dumplings), Green Tea syrup, and the Salted Caramel syrup. Still one of my favorite restaurants in the city.
The food there was fantastic! I've been to several yakiniku as well as korean BBQ places and this one is hands down the best one so far. The meat are marinated to perfection and the dipping sauce complements the meat very well. I came here with another girl and we ordered Kobe Kalbi, Harami, and Beef Belly. I have to say though, the only thing that was a little disappointing is the Kalbi was actually very fatty. So when you bite down to it, all the fat comes out into your mouth. It's still very tasty but for the health conscious people, it might be a little bit too much. Otherwise everything was wonderful. The staffs are friendly so that's always a plus. The whole place is actually quite small but they don't try to cram everyone in like a lot of other places and I appreciate that. We only had 2 people and didn't have to wait when we went at 7:30pm on a Tuesday. Though it will probably make sense to reserve if you have a party of 4 or more.
Delicious meats, delicious waiter, and delicious sake - what more could a lady ask for? On recommendation we ordered the skirt steak (super juicy and flavorful - before the delish takashi sauce) and cheek (rich and buttery cut of meat).  The maitre d's sake rec was spot-on. While others mention Takashi's prices, I found it rather affordable - this is far above your standard cut/quality of beef.  The meal was flanked with complementary salads (cabbage, kimchi, and sprouts) and finished with two complementary wrigley's gum sticks, wrapped, origami style, with the bill.
Delicious, focused, 5 star. This is really a purist spot, specializing in yakiniku, serving many cuts of beef including offal. I made my first trip here last night, and tried the short rib, cheek and beef belly. Everything was excellent, but the belly really stood out - similar to the short rib but more tender and fatty. Amazing. Service was super friendly and helpful to our table of 5 slightly tipsy and largely uninitiated gaijin. The exhaust fans also work very well, so you can eat here and then go out without smelling like a BBQ. One thing I would wish for would be a less expensive 'house' sake option, as they were all quite expensive so I stuck with sapporo draft. Overall, top quality meat, delicious marinades, great vibe, excellent service. I cannot wait to go back and try some of the more 'adventurous' cuts of meat - though it was full on a stormy tuesday night, I am imagining a table on the weekend may be quite a wait.
I loved this.  It is intimate and quiet and a mixed crowd of people who like a very particular thing.  We started with an appetizer of sea urchin (uni) on rib eye tartare sushi style on shizo leaf - maybe this was the NIKU-UNI starter.  This just melted in the mouth and tasty. They were out of the raw liver that we really wanted to try. Then we were brought our various "hormone" meats to be grilled right there in our table as we wished.  Cheek, Heart, several layers of stomach. This is really romantic and tasty and fun and the staff is really helpful and kind.  And you can see the cooks right there prepping it for you. Also, the "hormone" story is really interesting.  It's to do with the Korean peasant cooking culture emigrating to Japan and mixing with the japanese cuisine techniques.  There's an entire mural on the wall of the restaurant detailing the emigration and techniques of horumone cooking. Enjoy
Takashi does not disappoint, other than leaving you disappointed that the incredible plates of meat were not larger. Takashi is a real find. Yes, we went a little on the adventurous side of things with the beef cheek and tongue (the even have cow testicles on the menu, that was out there). However, the best dishes were the traditional dishes the short rib, outside skirt, between the rib, and rib eye were absolutely incredible. It's a fun experience and a great date spot. It's a bit on the pricey side considering that the dishes are small. Nevertheless, Takashi is one of the best experiences you'll have in New York.
Amazing. Try the fatty beef and the tartare. The waiter were all really nice. I highly recommend.
This place is very nice, and the atmosphere was fun and unique. The quality of the food is amazing, however the prices and portions aren't equal per say, but we knew that coming in. Our server was very helpful, in which she told us how everything worked and gave us great recommendations. All in all if you aren't on a budget and willing to splurge on some MEAT then Takashi is your place.  And the citrus flavored sake was awesome!
Appetizers were great.  Yakiniku was not all that.  Over priced on everything.  4 people 3 beers runs around 60 bucks a head.  Reason for 2 stars is because we cannot breathe in there where the stove is on.  Disappointing.
We also started with the seasonal namul. Unfortunately our experience of this wasn't exciting as jane d. did. Every items tasted the same. I couldn't really enjoy each flavor. Niku-Uni ($24) - marbled chuck flap topped with sea urchin was very good. The tender meat was rested on korean seaweed (Gim - roasted with sesame oil and lightly salted). One piece of brightly yellow Uni was on the top of each raw meat. 4 of this beautifully presented pieces were eaten as Sashimi style. Adding a touch of Wasabi Japanese horseradish with soysauce to the meat and Uni were so fresh that I liked it very much. I tried with more soysauce and a bit of Wasabi  for second piece.I found that I liked it better this way. The meat needed more soy for my liking. Then continued to grilled dishes. We started from Kalbi - short rib and chose No.2 sauce, Takashi's sauce. Marbled meat was marinated with this sweet soy with sesame oil and sprinkled with chopped scallions. There were about 6 beautiful Sushi size slices. After grilled well on on side, flipped over and grilled few minutes, the juicy meat with a great flavor worked beautifully. I was happy. Then our waiter with sexy accent and dark hair from Russia suggested to try Rosu - ribeye. We also had it with Takashi sauce and it was even better than Kalbi. It was more juicier.  First bite gave me a big smile on my face. Then, I was looking at the wall of writing and cute cartoons and found grilled meat is also good wrapping with veggie leaves but it was after we finished all the meat and we were already full. I would definitely want to try that next time. To end the meal, we had jane d. ordered again. We had all the interesting toppings (rice flour dumplings, Black sesame soybean flour, Asuki sweet beans and Green tea syrup) with Home-Made Madagascar Vanilla ice cream. The tip of the ice cream had a gold leaf to stand up the dessert for its completion. The highlight of this desser was definitely ice cream. Fresh Madagascar Vanilla was yum! Azuki gave a good texture to the softness of ice cream as well.
Takashi was one of my most memorable meals in NYC. This restaurant was recommended to my boyfriend and I, so we ventured out one sunny Friday evening and fortunately were able to score two seats at the counter. This prime seating gave us the perfect vantage point to watch the chefs in action, masterfully preparing the meats, artfully arranging the plates in mouth-watering and visually aesthetic ways that created lots of excitement and curiosity for us. Our waitress was kind and bubbly and guided us through the menu, explaining how the plates are served, her recommendations, and the specials of the day. Where to begin... the menu was extensive and had a nice array of meat varieties from sweet breads to tongue to stomach. I'm not the most adventurous eater per se, but deferred to our waitress and my boyfriend to select what ended up being one of my most favorite food journeys. We started with beef tartar with a quail egg on top, it was delightful and tantalizing, the raw meat was marinated in a delicious sauce and was hands down the best tartar I've ever had. Next up was the shabu shabu. Our waitress sparked up the grill in front of us and directed us to place the bowl of shabu shabu directly on the grill and dip the meat into the broth for a few seconds -- the dense miso flavor was amazing and once delightedly finished our meat, our waitress poured the broth into two glasses for us to drink, it was amazing. The marriage of flavors was amazing. We also ended up ordering a selection of meats to grill, each was perfectly marinated. Each was unique and very fresh. Our meal continued on and we noticed a camera crew filming in the restaurant. Rusty on my Japanese skills, but in a state of food utopia I engaged the camera crew in Japanese asking what they were taping... it ended up being Tokyo's version of the Today show... impressed by the novelty of a petite white girl speaking Japanese they interviewed my boyfriend and me on what we ate. The unique experience only added to the specialness of the evening. We did end up on TV and do look forward to our return to Takashi. A must-go.
Japanese bbq anyone? This is completely different from Korean bbq. Everything here is delicate and fine tastes rather than just slabs of meat. Pick and choose to grill your own sweetbread, 3 types of cow tongue, livers, beef, chicken, and many others. Two things I must rave about are the beef tartare which is out of this world delicious. It's extremely fresh raw beef mixed with a special combination of oils and spicies topped off and mixed with a quail egg. It is to die for. The other dish is the sea urchin topped on a raw pieces of Kobe beef and wrapped with seaweed. It just melts in your mouth with deliciousness. Anthony Bourdain visited and loved it and so did I. The place is small and there's always a line but the food and the whole experience is worth it. Definitely stop by!
lol lol lol lol ha. this place exists. um. I'm a veggie and they were quite explicit about being not fans of veggies (like, straight up telling me they don't believe in vegetarianism), but like, whatever. I get it. meat is hella hip right now and so are beards. that's fine. my veggie stuff tho, turned out to be better than carnivore friends. ludicrously expensive, hilariously underwhelming, the only thing that can be said of this place is that the portions aren't quite as wretchedly small as the staff make them out to be. now, it's not that anything was BAD, right, it's just that none of it was good. hi west village!
I've never had intestines or stomach parts as yakiniku before, and i was impressed! Oh my god. this is soooo goood.. the beef was as expected, it is marbled to perfection. the tongue was chewy and full of flavor. the cheeks was extremely tender. and the intestines was really juicy. my only complaints is the small portions, well.. quality comes with a price right?
Ok sooo i guess my review is marred by my high expectancy from all the rave reviews from my fellow yelpers!  There was nothing bad, but no fireworks either. A-OK for me.   After a 1.5hr wait with a hungry belly, listening to the other diners rave about the food, I must admit, I was expecting the best meal on earth.   So first, the uni.  The flavors were crafted cleverly and I can see where they were trying to go but the freshness of the uni was only decent.  Which was disappointing .  This of course I'm comparing to Sushi Garu's uni which may not be fair but I swear, Garu must have an uni aquarium in the back to serve uni so sweet and decadent!  The beef shank buns were really quite delicious and that was my favorite dish of the night. The  chuck eye tartare was delicious but I've had similarly good tartare else where.  The foie gras meatball with chocolate bbq sauce was ok - nothing to write about except the $20 price tag for a single lackluster meatball, foie gras stuffed or not. As for the organs, the cheek and the sweetbreads were very good and enjoyable but no stars in my eyes. The ice cream at the end was a rich vanilla...however we got the salted caramel on top of it and it was so salty to the point of being bitter and inedible!  We pushed the caramel to the side to try to rapidly salvage the melting ice cream.  :sigh: I'd probably go back to try other menu items, but won't be raving about this place to anyone anytime soon.
Walking in and seeing those telescopic, periscope looking ventilation system never ceases to amaze me how the Japanese are just one notch ahead of everyone else...totally awesome vents with spotlights in them to keep the wafs of smoke out of your clothes and hair...ahem...no more smelling like bbq like your favourite other "bbq style" meat place... But as for the overall experience...it was fun...but probably would have to be totally in the mood again for this type/style of cooking and eating...it was a little expensive also...ended up about 65pp w/tax and tip...alas....sometimes it is the company that makes all the difference, and this was one of those nights.  You know...a great time with interesting food but the dining companions made all the difference!   So, like I said this is a great place to have fun late at night with a few friends.  Its in a pretty cool setting with Japanamation charactars on the walls exclaiming the benefits of MEAT...MEAT and more MEAT.  This is what you'll get mostly here...and not just the typical cheeks and loins you'll get the adventurous types...think heart, brains, thymus etc.  Mostly from the cow...actually i think that was the only animal they were serving..   So i am not totally sure what we had, but it DID include a rice bomb which was beautiful, a taretare app which was a nice flavor, but i couln't eat much as it was not the taretare i'm used to seeing ...it was hand cut so it looked like a pile of bloody worms to me...anyhoo...get that image out of your head..., some beef belly, sweetbreads (thymus), the min-hotpot with tongue (which was totally fun), some mixed veggies to wrap our meat in, scallion salad and for dessert the soft serve with azuki beans.  All the little dips and sauces were quite tasty...some spicy but mostly just salty..pucker pucker. The quality is outstanding...plus the waiter from austrailia informed us that Wednesdays are THE night to come as the meat is delivered on wednesday afternoons, so maybe avoid mon/tuesday!!  Oh...they have the fun Japanese toilet in the bathroom to play with also...have fun!!
Good food but be prepared to pay for it. I've eaten there twice now and have left hungry both times despite doing my best to avoid looking at the prices. It's probably the best yakiniku in NYC but I guess it's not good enough to make me go back. In fact, having just eaten at Yakiniku West a week earlier, I'd rather go back there since the price difference is so significant. I have to add before I go on that I have had Yakiniku in Tokyo - mindblowing - and at the infamous Totoraku in LA, which can rightfully be designated as a meat heaven. Takashi does their best imitation but it's really not in the same tier. We started with the kobe beef sashimi and the kobe beef burger appetizers and both were mediocre. In fact, the sashimi was kind of cold - seems like it may have been frozen? Or just overly chilled? The sashimi has uni sitting on top and I really only tasted the uni. The burgers are good but aren't all burgers good? For the price, give me Shake Shack. Oh the burger meat comes in a chocolatey sauce that some people might love. I enjoyed it but wouldn't mind never tasting it again. We then proceeded to all sorts of meats. I left with the same impression as the first time. All I really wanted to eat was the belly and the galbi, which were both extremely marbled and yummy. We even ordered extra portions of this. Here's where I get picky. I loved it and it's the best I've had in NYC but it doesn't stack up to other yakiniku places that I have tried so for the price I still dont' like it. One great thing is their $20 corkage for sake, meaning you can bring your own giant bottle and enjoy plenty of sake with your meal. All in all, it's a good meal but it's not really "meat heaven." Korean bbq strikes me as a better meal and a better deal.
Amazing if you can get a table! Remember to arrive early and give then your phone number!! And try the second stomach--- it's to die for!
Would have appreciated a 3.5 for this dining experience.  My husband and I have been anticipating our meal here for months!  I was ecstatic to finally be able to challenge my palette to some interesting and unique flavors this joint boasts! After our 1.5 hour wait we were escorted to a 'bar' around the kitchen.  Our waitress was absolutely LOVELY.  She was attentive, helpful and never hesitated to give suggestions and tutorials.  She gets 5 stars, for certain! We started with the hyped up Kobe burger with chocolate bbq sauce and the mini hot pot soup.  The burger was well flavored and possessed a unique quality that sets it a part from any other.  I would recommend trying it on for size.  The hot pot soup was served with a choice of meat.  We decided on the tongue.  I was not a huge fan of the dish until we got to drink the broth!!!  Fantastic flavor.  I would just order the broth :) For mains we shared the tartare (go for it if you like raw meat!!  Great flavor!), the cheek (yum!!!), the spare ribs (nothing super special) and the large intestine (WOW!!) My favorites would have to be the large intestine (surprisingly enough!) and the tartare...(another shocker.)   The experience is extremely unique and if you are looking for an interactive, interesting meal I will recommend it.
Heaven for beef-lovers. Seriously, go and order the wagyu-ribeye BBQ and a bowl of rice. You will not regret it. I am not into innards so skipped a few of the appetizers, but the uni + raw beef = awesome, so is the oxtail soup. Downside is that the place is small and their tables would be an issue if you go with a party larger than 4.
Great quality, interesting and fresh food. Interesting cuisine, which I haven't had before. We had the appetizer with the raw kobe beef and uni, which was delicious. The beef belly was yummy, so was the Fist Stomach (if you like chewy stuff such as octopus). Portions are extremely small and it's very pricy.
Finally, a great yakiniku (bbq) place in NY.  Way way better than West, Riki, or Gyukaku.  You know when the yakiniku place is good when they have raw meet sashimi.   First, the meet is fresh and supreme quality.  The karubi (short ribs) and harami (skirt steak) was phenomenal.   Second, the variety of the cuts is fantastic.  I love the fact that they have a good variety of intestines (tecchan, horumon, giara, mino, hatsu). They have chosen a non-gas grill as well.  Non-gas grills are awesome because gas contains hydrogen and therefore makes the meet soggy. And the rice....they are using high quality Japanese rice, not like the old tasteless rice that Gyukaku uses. The Takashi sauce is also very tasty - but I would recommend having most of the meet with salt.  The quality is so great that salt is the best way to enjoy it! I am definitely going back.  I can eat here everyday.
Like many others, I saw Takashi on The Layover and had to try it. Had a totally ethereal experience and would definitely go back or recommend it to my more adventurous friends. The atmosphere is great--intimate and relaxed (though somewhat noisy if the table next to you has been drinking sake and cow brain for two hours).  What really surprised me was how completely unpretentious the staff was. Our server was more than willing to walk us through the menu and make menu recommendations. She was great. Takashi is perfect for a late dinner with friends or a hot date. As for the food, there is one downside. The various specials, bites and raw courses are so incredibly tasty that the main attraction (grilled meats) ended up being a let down. Grandmom's steamed beef shank buns are absolutely essential and the Yooke (beef tartare) ridiculous and unfortunately, nearly spoiled the rest of our meal. I'm sure the beef belly was great, but a few small pieces of grilled marinated meat couldn't hold up to the heavenly first course. I did enjoy the sweatbreads however, and for New York, the final tab was VERY reasonable. Don't take my lack of excitement for the main course as a reason not to go. The grilled meats were exceptional, and the process of cooking them served as a nice conversational piece throughout the meal.
Stopped in here with a German family that was in town for the week. I wanted to give them a taste of the culinary experience New York has to offer. We asked for enough food for six and the waiter got right to work from quail egg steak tar tar to foie gras stuffed meatballs. You can also get pretty experimental here so come with an open mind and you'll leave happy.
This place is fantastic!  Very casual, great ambiance, but only come if you are in the mood to eat meat.   While not inexpensive, Takashi  offers value for really good cuts of meat.  Not sure if they are really serving Kobe, or if it is Wyagu but at $30 for a steak - it's a steal.  The beef tar tar, super thick premium tongue (yes I know) are all must-haves.   Would definitely go back.   C
I think I died and went to kobe heaven.  This place is absolutely fantastic.  I took my boyfriend here for his birthday.  Be forewarned girls, if you go here with your hot boyfriend, Takashi and his boy toys will be on him like white on rice!   We started off with the beef schmaltz on crostini with micro.greens and a squeeze of lemon juice on top.  It was so delicious.  The lemon juice just added such a nice dimension to cut some of the heaviness of the beef schmaltz.  We also had the Niku-uni.  Thin slices of kobe laid on top of crispy seaweed and topped off with sea urchin.  This was the first time I tried raw beef and sea urchin, so I was not used to the taste and texture, but the birthday boy loved it. Our main course consisted of tongue, kalbi, shoulder, and belly, all were grilled at our table to perfection.  Melt in your mouth perfection.  Tasted incredible with some rice. We ended our meal with the soft serve ice cream with the works.  Loved it!
4 stars because the oxtail pie is easily one of the most insanely delicious goodies I have eaten. There I have said it. However it tastes more Indian than Japanese - specially the sauce which reminded of raita with cumin. The beef tartar and the rice balls were really good as well. I thought the burger was made from good quality meat but just wasn't digging the chocolate hazelnut sauce (could have just been a spoonful of nutella).  Besides, I don't know if you can call it a burger if there are no buns. Seems wrong. The BBQ is good but nothing special. Actually I think you get better value for BBQ at Gyu Kaku. That said, I loved the thick tongue and sweet bread.   I would come back here for the oxtail pie alone. Our table of 5 ordered two and then ordered two more. The waiter told us that we had already gotten the last two and we got totally bummed. Then he came back after a few minutes and said that they had a mix up in the kitchen - they actually had a couple more left. Cheers all around! Oh.. what a roller coaster of emotions.
I ate cow testicles. They were not so delicious. Everything else was amazing.  Its amazing how many textures and consistencies that one animal can give.  Overall, just try whatever tickles your fancy.  I didn't have a single bad thing.  I know this is boring but i think my favorite thing was the ribeye.  It was marbled very nicely.   I  wouldn't recommend getting the 3 different parts of the tongue, just the tongue tip.
FRIGGIN delicious. GODAMN expensive.  i'll save a star for myself considering we ended up forking over $93 (each) definitely skip the tongue trio thing. do try the niku uni and the nato dish. yum!
Had a wonderful experience here recently.  We had the niku uni, foie gras stuffed kobe meatball, heart, liver, short rib, belly, cheek, and tendon casserole. Everything was great and full of flavor.  Niku uni was easily the best, definitely want those guys as a last bite before death.  The only real disappoinment was the kobe meatball which was rather dry for being kobe, but everything else was great.  Will def be back, soon.  Everything on the grill was of very high quality; however, be prepared to throw down. ****
A win-win for NYE! I came here with my boyfriend for a night to remember, and it was no disappointment. We came rather early so we had to wait 15 minutes for the restaurant to open. We were the first to be seated in front of Chef Takashi himself. The place is small, could hold about 35 people on a busy night. The menu was straightforward  with a small handful of dishes. Majority of the dishes here comes raw, so if you don't like looking at raw meat... you should turn around and exit. The best appetizer we got was the Yooke. Chuck meat tartare with quail egg was absolutely astounding! The meat literally melts in your mouth and it had such a balanced citrus sauce in it. We ordered intestines, 1st & 4th stomach, liver, sweetbread, heart, and tongue to grill. The texture of each were very unique and it's surprising to know that people would throw these parts out when preparing meals. If you love grilling, this place is definitely for you. It's a place where you have to splurge and enjoy/appreciate the food. Before you leave the restaurant, make sure you take a trip to the bathroom. The toilet will amaze you. The correct name, Washlet, will cleanse your bottoms with a push of a button. Be sure to stay on the toilet when you push the button or else you would wet the entire bathroom floors.
NIKU-UNI or YOOKE?: This was the big question for us, as we normally love anything with Uni, as well as Yook Hwe. And since we were a party of 2, we thought ordering both would be too many raw beef appetizers. Since we couldn't decide, we ordered both - and both were kind of disappointing. NIKU-UNI: This would have been better with just the Uni, Shiso leaf, and Nori. The large raw beef slice just made it chewy, where we wanted it to be crisp (from the Nori) and creamy (from the Uni). If you're an Uni-lover, this dish will probably piss you off. YOOKE: Needs apple or pear! Takashi just includes the beef and a quail egg yolk, whereas most places will also serve it with thin slices of apple, pear, and/or cucumber. I'd rather have this dish at Woo Lae Oak, anywhere in K-Town, or even Shabu Tatsu. On the plus side, the beef itself was definitely high-quality. No arguments there! TONGUE EXPERIENCE: I've had premium tongue at Gyu-Kaku, and I preferred that tongue much better - less chewy. I'll keep this one short and let you use your imagination here... -- Overall, I thought this place was solid - just not amazing. Their meat is top-quality, and that's what you get. I'll go back one more time, to try the Foie Gras with Chocolate Sauce, Smoked Liver Pate, and some more basic meats.
BEEF SHANK + STEAMED BUNS + SPICY MAYO = Reason Enough to Spend a Fortune!!!! Seriously, though, this place has some amazing cuts of meat ;)
Didn't have a chance to make reservations so my cousin and I came in hoping to be on the waiting list.  It was about 8:30pm on a Saturday night and when we got there, the guy at the counter said it was a THREE HOUR WAIT.  WTF??!?  Therefore, we decided to walk over to a Japanese restaurant a few blocks away.  It took about 15min to walk there and it was an hour wait.  Ok...not so bad, I can do an hour vs. 3 for sure.  To pass the time we found a local bar and ordered some drinks.  As soon as we sat down, the greeter at Takashi called and said they had a table ready for us.  WTF again?!?!  Although we had put in a reservation at the other place and barely got our drinks, I really wanted to eat there.  So....like the troopers me and my cousin are, we downed our martinis, paid the tab, and hailed a cab back to Takashi.   It took us a few minutes to get there, but they were really great about holding our spot.  We sat at the bar and was promptly served.  We ordered the: 1. beef belly 2. Gyutoro-Temaki Sushi (chuck flap hand-rolled sushi) 3. Bakudan  (rice-bomb with Korean seaweed and pickled sesame leaf) 4. Tsurami  (cheek) 5. Home-made Madagascar vanilla softserve ice cream Everything was really tasty and honestly, it really seemed like I was just eating meat.  Nothing to cringe at even though it sounds really crazy (ie beef tongue, stomach, blah blah blah).  It's a great place to try new things if you're feeling adventurous.   Def make reservations and bring some $$$.  It ain't cheap to eat animal parts here.
Saw the snippet of this restaurant on Bourdain's Layover, and made my way here when I was in New York.  The Steak Tartare was amazing.  Honestly, the meat is great quality and the composition of dishes just will play with the intricacies of your palate.  The braised brisket was also very delicious. Don't be afraid to as the servers how to cook the meat on the grill as well.  They are more than happy to advise you on how to cook the different horumon. Save room for dessert too.
5 stars for the beef. Such good beef. I've been there a few times now, but I couldn't tell you what the place looked like. Or what the dinner conversation consisted of. Rude, but can you blame me? Mouthwatering flavors, rich textures. Juicy, beautiful meat. Also tried the cow brain paste this most recent time, which was pretty good. The sake pairing was nice, too. Just go with the specials/staff recommendations -- you can't go wrong. And of course, go with people who like to share (and don't mind coming second to the food).
For adventurous eaters who don't shy away from offal, Takashi is a little slice of grilled heaven. I could have eaten 20 pieces of the niku uni alone and that would have made for a perfect meal. My chef's selection consisted of nothing but offal - liver, first & fourth stomach, heart, sweetbread. Yum. It all depends on your personal preference, so I wouldn't say which cut is the best as they were all fresh as can be and delicious. I think the key though, is to be able to grill them well. I had a few pieces that I under- or over-cooked and there was definitely a taste difference when you're not handling your food correctly. Sometimes I would be too busy chatting and forget to turn my meats over. Service is excellent, and there is a rather large staff to customer ratio. I got to chat with Takashi for a little bit and he is very very nice and humble about his achievements.
Like the blue piece of cloth used to cover the kitchen door suggested, this place is all about MEAT. And I love meat. So this place is meat heaven for me. We ordered a bunch of different meats, basically different body parts of a cow, and they were all SUPER tender and taste so good!! You do pay a high price for it but at least according to me it was all worth it. They store their water under some kind of light which supposedly kill germs, not sure about that. But looked cool pouring water from a sealed glass bottle. Very cute place, blackboards with drawings surround the seating area. Also, one of their waiter is SO CUTE!! I'd go back just for that, but that's just me =)
alright. i've been here twice. i recall the first time being much better but i still liked it. maybe it's the season. we ordered the niku-uni, the seaweed rice balls, kalbi, ribeye, megarib, skirt steak, beef tartare, and beef belly. can't really rem what we had the first time but it was really good. i remembered the rice balls being really good. maybe i was just hungry. anyway, niku-uni... it's ok. you can keep the niku, just give me the uni. beef tartare done well. megarib... you'll get bored of it. pass. bbq - cook the meats slightly rare so that it'll taste better. of all of the meats, skirt steak was the best. my brother wasn't impressed with his overall experience but i liked it. oh, soft served vanilla really good also, but not really $5 good. and the salted caramel sauce was gross. really bitter. did not expect that at all. this place is pretty pricey but you should at least experience once. 3.5 stars.
My first 5-star review in 2012.  I am so into Takashi.  It is truly different, truly a New York experience (by way of Japan and Korea pit stops) where I feel lucky to live here and experience a restaurant that can thrive by being unconventional and special.   We took our adorable (not to demean her, she was also very professional and proficient) waitress's recommendation on everything.  She instructed us to order the perfect amount of items and everything was delicious - tongue, flank, appetizer special of some carpaccio with a dab of blue cheese.  We had so much fun just taking a long time to grill everything, chatting with the staff, drinking some very cloudy & nice sake (another spot-on recommendation). The host was so pleasant as well, gave us the exact wait time and sent us on our way, called just when he said he would for our table.  Everyone seemed very concerned about patrons' comfort levels - do you want a space heater?  do you want more ice?  can I suggest how you should eat this?  Really felt like they are so proud of the food and concept and want customers to have maximum enjoyment. I will return.
This is my second time at Takashi and I can't get enough.  This review is actually for their late night Weekend Ramen Special only available from midnight to 2ish on Fridays and Saturdays.  Can you say wow?!  It's definitely one of my top Ramen's.  I mean it has to be good right, that's all they serve during that time... We reserved for 2 people via email with Takashi and came right at Midnight last weekend.  We were seated right away and the super friendly servers got us the menu quickly.  There's only 2 things available, the Original or Grandma's spicy Recipe.  You can also order braised beef, extra egg, noodles, FOIE GRAS or other ingredients.  My boyfriend and I got one of each and had to get extra noodles on top of it cause it was so delicious.  He had the Foie gras on his ramen and that was such a treat.  It blended so nicely with the taste and add extra fat to make it even more savory.  I wish I could go back for more!! Overall, the experience was great! We got seated quickly, the food was amazing and the servers were so nice.  What a nice was to end a weekend night!
I was there for a late dinner around 930/10pm on a Monday night. A table just opened up when I got there so there was no wait. Like most, I ordered the niku uni. It was good. I think the beef tartare stole the thunder. It's not your classic french steak tartare, It's on the sweeter side. The special was oxtail and pumpkin pie. That too was fantastic. I didn't finish my main and held out for their vanilla ice cream with salted caramel and I asked for hoji on the side. The hoji cut the richness of the caramel. I almost devoured it all. My neighbouring table just started grilling when my dessert arrived at the table. The 3 of them stopped and asked me what exactly I ordered so they can follow suit after. We giggled. The service was great. Mildy disappointed they sold out of their beer specials.
Food is absolutely divine and 5 star worthy but the manager who runs the place lacks class and should not have the responsibility of running this establishment. After waiting an hour for a table we received a call to come back only to find that our table was given away. When we were obviously disappointed, nothing was done. We were given no option only to sit and wait another 30 min for the next table. A simple "so sorry about that, how about a drink on us while you wait" Would have sufficed. My boyfriend and I have been here 3 times before and spent upwards of $300 and they can afford to lose customers like us because  of their numbers- regardless of treatment. This is a perfect example of a Resturant that is doing very well because they serve a great product but their ego ultimately  destroys the joy of eating there. Go here is you want good food and to be treated poorly.
Went on Thursday night - no wait. Ordered the Niku uni, Rosu, Yooke, the tongue experience, soju, and small sake. Overall everything was good. Portions are not big and the bill came out to be $130. The side dishes are $2 extra if you want more.
Um yes please. When people know you are a foodie and your cousin and one of your best friends want to take you to the same restaurant on different days without talking to each other, you know the place has to be good. Takashi didn't disappoint! It's a small place, reservation only for parites of 4 or more and they are booked weeks in advance. We waited for over an hour and a half but it was so worth it. You essantially grill your food. Their food was super fresh and their service was great. They source their beef from the northwest and it's worth it. Takashi uses every part of the cow and they do it marvelously. Every dish I had had great flavor. I grilled my meat and only put a little bit of salt and pepper only, it's all it really needed. You have to go, it's a different experience from anything you find elsewhere. I'll stop talking now... just go.
Not knowing that the meats are really the star of this restaurant, I ordered some other items.    Beef Trippa & Oxtail Curry Pierogi - tasty but too much dough.    Testicargot - tasty but eating testicals...well, it was just hard to swallow.  Niku-Uni - Very good and worth trying.  Uni on top of raw beef, on top of shiso on top of seaweed.  Many layers of different flavors and textures.   Meats: Beef Belly - Don't walk out that door without trying it.  I would recommend 2 orders.  the meat just melts in your mouth! Cheek - Also another favorite.  Sliced very thin so it cooks faster. Angus Ribeye - Not bad I wished I had room to try all the different stomachs!   The best part is the toilet operator in the bathroom.
Mmm mmm... been here twice. Our second time we asked our very experienced server to make us an omikasa of her fave dishes.  They were all delicious: Beef Tatare - don't usually love beef tartar usually but this was done a little differently where the meat was long strip like noodles and so fresh! Squid ink rice and sweetbreads - really good Foie gras stuffed kobe beef meatball with chocolate sauce - the meatball was over done this time around.  Was delicious the first time Stewed Beef Tendon Casserole - Tendon was melt in your mouth tender,  just the way I like it! Grilled liver - a lil iron - ie tasting for me
One of the most original restaurants in the city. If you don't like beef, here's a hint: don't go to an all beef restaurant. Is it pricey? Yes. But do you really want to eat raw supermarket beef? No. You want it to be of the highest quality. And it is here. You pay for the best ingredients. Not everything was fantastic. But everything is interesting. This is the most unique menu you will find in the city. Go, while its still fresh.
Personally, I really give 3.5 stars if I could. I went to Takashi for my birthday night out last week.   Since they don't take reservation for group smaller than 4, I invited other couple, so I could make reservation.  It was good idea. I get there 6:15 and I over heard waiting was 3 hours.... I had high expectation  I guess because I read Takashi's blog and expected to be top notch because of this high pricing. We had hard time deciding... But I ordered, Namagimo (ultra-fresh liver with sesame oil and roasted rock salt) to start. No one except me in my party were  interested in NAMA (Raw meat) so I went for basic. I kind of missed to have this dish. It's so simple but it must be fresh. I wish I could have ordered NIku-Uni,but I am not a big fan of Uni. So I did this instead. It was good, but it was buried with scallion and soaked in sesame oil...It is nothing wrong with Raw liver. It should taste sweet and shouldn't be iron taste like cooked liver.  It didn't impressed me. But they were fine slice of liver. Then, my friend was interested in "Soft-Boiled Egg en Cocotte" So we ordered. This tiny dish was $16 I was not sure why dish was frozen. Menu didn't say anything about it. Just said "Soft-Boiled Free-range Egg en Cocotte Topped with House-Made Beef Pancetta, Caviar, Blue Crab Meat, Pear, Smoked Dried Tomato, Pickled New Ginger, Cucumber, and Yuzu Zest" It was disappointing. because it was frozen. Soft-boiled was VERY HARD FROZEN Egg. It must have been a joke??? I didn't get that. Sorbet style???  It was tasty but kind of yucky. Grandmom's Steamed Beef Shank Buns with Spicy Mayo (2 pieces) $16. You know, they charged us $16 for this appetizer. I don't mind price being $16, but I was a bit disappointed that they made it self-serve. They brought out hot buns in the steamer and meat in small bowl. When I picked up buns, it was quite HOT. I mean,.. burning HOT. This restaurant doesn't give us wet towel like normal Japanese restaurant and all of the sudden, we have to use own hands to create buns?  WITH THIS PRICING? I wish restaurant should prepare them and bring out to the table or waiter/waitress should prepare buns at the table. You know, just a little bit of consideration, maybe??? Well,  buns were really yummy, though! Foie Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger with Chocolate BBQ Sauce　$24 It is tiny. Yes, it is very tasty. But I don't know if it is worth $24. Bone Marrow and Crawfish Dumplings with Hong Kong-Style Hot Peanut Oil Sauce　$16  (2 piece per order, so we ordered 2) This was pretty good dumplings. Again, portion is very small. They are yummy. Presentation was amazing. Bring out boiling peanut oil and pour over at the table. We ordered Kobe Beef Kalbi $26 It came with 7 slices on one plate, so I ordered another one. They are really good. Melt in the mouth... Shio-Tan (tongue) I had better tongue and it was not the best, but I say it was pretty good. I think Cuts are a little too thick for me. I want to have simple salt and sesame oil ROSE (RIB EYE) was a little tough. My boyfriend ordered Shibire (sweetbreads) I enjoyed, I was totally distracted by Kobe Beef Kalbi on the menu, I forgot to order Harami. Overall, quality of meats are outstanding. But portion are VERY small! After that, we had Home-made Madagascar Vanilla  softserve ice cream This was really good ice cream :) Service is very attentive and I do not have any complain with our sweet waitress. Our dinner took about 2 hours. We ordered a bottle of red wine, three glasses of white wine, two beer and above all.... about $400 + Tip. Overall, appetizers were very creative. But I think they are not worth to be that high price. If I ever go back, I will only stick to NAMAMONO and BBQ. Atmosphere is totally Japanese Style Yakiniku, it was NOT Korean BBQ - I love that. But I have to ask myself one more time, "does it worth it?" Well, I may give another try (for Namamono & BBQ) ... but I don't know If my boyfriend want to spend money on ridiculously over priced meat again. Don't get me wrong, food is excellent here (except Egg) But I don't think it's worth it.  .   Well, yeah, this place was Anthony Bourdain's must go place in NYC... but I don't think you will be missing out so much....  Well, if money is no issue. Then, this is the place for you! Next time, I want to try RAMEN after midnight.....
Small space, cute very clean love the ToTo touch in the restroom. You know that the owner is into the details. Pro: Quality of the ingredients fromt he beef to the vegetables and even the rice. Cons: the ventilation could be better, was a little over whelming even half full. Portions could be bigger they were about a third of the size of ktown for the same price. Also if you don't eat beef then the menu is very limited.
This place is ridiculously overpriced for food which falls short of amazing. The uni and beef appetizer LOOKED as though it should have been last-meal worthy but wasn't -- the uni should have been super fresh and sweet but was just ok. I have had much better at Gari.  The combo tasted  fine but did not blow my mind.   The meat platters --SMALL. About  1/2 to 2/3 the size of a platter you would get in a typical Korean bbq restaurant (Gaonnuri is a nice one).  Some of the meat was fine quality but did not translate to being 2 times more delicious imo. The rice -- $3 a bowl  Now that is just plain greedy.  I mean some ppl can justify the higher prices for premium beef but don't tell me this rice cost them more than $.30 to steam up.  If you are going to charge top dollar for meat, the rice should be free.   Grandma's buns -- 2 to the platter -- or $8 each for basically two steamed bread rounds and one small bowl with meat.  There was definitely NOT enough meat to overstuff each bun.  This was true of each of the two platters we ordered. Service was attentive --the place was cute. Meal came to around $200 for the food alone (not drink) for 3 people before tip and we left there still feeling kind of hungry.  One of my friends even stopped by the 5 guys on the way back to the subway station. NEVER again.
Great experience!! Yelp reviews did not disappoint - the "Yooke" steak tartare was wonderful! Combination of the sauce, raw egg, freshly squeezed lemon, and thinly sliced beef was a total win. One of the specials available that night was the beef belly which was melt-in-your-mouth fantastic. We also got the chef's selection which offered a 3 pieces each of the fourth stomach, the large intestines, heart, sweetbreads, and liver. The heart and the sweetbreads stood out amongst the offering. I've never been the biggest fan of liver, and this tasting wasn't about to change that. The dessert definitely stole the show at the end. Madagascar vanilla ice cream topped with rice-flour dumplings, black sesame and soybean flour, sweet beans, goji syrup... and wait for it.... edible gold leaf to top it all off!!! Perfect way to end the meal :)
They do not take reservations for 2 people, so show up early! My good friend Danny got here early Tuesday night, and there were seats available from the 6:30-7:30 time frame. Around 8pm, we overheard the waitress telling people it is an hour wait. Let's jump right into the food... Fabulous: Chuck Flap with Uni - so delicious, we got two orders. Must try!! Kobe beef - melt in your mouth deliciousness.  This is why I am glad I eat beef again. Decent: Beef belly - it was good, but it followed the kobe so...kobe just wins.   Kobe Meatball stuffed with foie gras and chocolate bbq sauce - it was good, but there was a lot going on here... Almost wished it was either just the chocolate bbq sauce or just the foie gras. Meh: Beef Tongue experience - I've had tongue before, and I don't see what the big deal about this is.  Maybe just shock value?? I'm giving it 4 stars because I liked the uni and kobe a lot, but this is more of a 3.5. I'm also rounding up because I liked our waitress! She was really nice and she had awesome hair. Can we be friends?
Quality of meat was definitely 5 star.  The beef tartare was amazing, and I never had such thick cuts of raw beef - simply prepared but delicious.  The complimentary dishes were basic but tasty - their sauce was so tasty it made raw cabbage taste good. Drinks were okay... my peach soju lacked the usual fruitiness of soju and the raspberry soju was awfully bitter.  Will stick with plum wine next time. As for the Korean BBQ portion... 3.5 star.  The quality of the meat was amazing, but there was little flavor (and this coming from someone who normally likes delicate flavors in food).  I drenched every piece of meat in the sauce, and still didn't get much taste out of it.  And for the portion,  the bill adds up rather quickly.  Sirloin, tongue, and heart were good, liver wasn't my thing, loved the skirt steak and belly, and I couldn't chew through intestine after 3 min and gave up. Service and ambiance was awesome. Our waitress was super sweet, very attentive, and took the initiative to ask us if we were celebrating a birthday.  We were, but it was a farewell party and she gave us 2 complimentary ice creams for the two girls leaving, with candles.  It made for a great meal experience, and gave us plenty reasons to come back.
Fantastic restaurant with great service and a very cool ambiance. Everything about this ramen was perfect.
Being Korean, this place is confusing for me because all the flavors and concepts are so familiar and I always enjoy my dinner here, but a part of me is always thinking wth is up with the portions and prices?  I know I'm eating at a hipper yakiniku place in West Village (vs. ktown hole in the wall), but when I saw the kimchee on the menu for $6, my heart dropped a little. I've been here twice so far and it's undoubtably good. The stand-outs for me here aren't the meat, but the appetizers. I really enjoyed their yookhwe, beef tongue shabu shabu (be warned this is TINY) and my all time favorite was the niki-uni. It's so damn good. I also really enjoyed the 1st stomach (chewy but nutty) , 4th stomach (taste like chicken skin) and the large intestines. They recommended the beef belly, and I agree it was delicious, but for me it was nothing exceptional.. Also, portions are small  especially for intestines and innards which shrink around 40% while being grilled- you are literally left with 6 bite size pieces. Also, the rice balls are decent but expensive as well. Just rice rolled around Korean seaweed, and two are wrapped in picked perilla leaves for 8$. I guess I shoudn't complain after enjoying everything so much but I just had to bring it up! Eat here, cause even though I'm bitching about everything, I will definitely be back again.
Have been here a few times and it's consistently a good place.  I'm not so into the more exotic meat offerings, but the old reliable Short rib and ribeye options are good.  The meat is not super flavorful or overly marinated, so it's probably better for the purist. Grandmom's Steam Beef Shank Buns are amazing.
My friend from college visiting from Boston insisted on doing Bourdaine's layover tour... He wanted to hit all the same spots in a weekend. Top on the list was Takashi. While, I wasn't exactly excited to do the layover tour, I was intrigued by Takashi... I called at 5:30 when they opened and was told there were not any reservations available until 11:00 PM. we decided to go the walk in route. We arrived at 7:30 and put in our names and were told we had about a 90 minute wait. We left, went to Little Branch for a few drinks and came back about 9:00. We were seated at about 9:45, but it was well worth the wait! The Kobe meat ball and the short rib bun special were both great. We also had 4 meats on the BBQ: Sweetbreads - best I've ever had Cheek - YUMM Belly - my favorite Angus - very good... I've had Korean BBQ many times, but for some reason, this was just better. I loved this meal.
This is what a five star restaurant looks like. It's tiny and only takes reservations for large parties so come early. Arrived at 6 pm on a Friday night and the wait was already 45 minutes. So worth it. Try to sit at the bar if you can! Great views of the masterful chefs at work. You can make this meal into what you want. You can play it safe and have some of the best kalbi or pork belly you've ever tasted. Or you can live on the wild side and go for the stomach, intestines, tongue, heart, throat, liver, aorta, or pancreas. We hovered somewhere in the middle..... To begin, we had some fabulous appetizers. 1. Bone marrow and crawfish dumplings - rich, hearty, superb 2. Uni and beef on shiso leaf and seaweed - best uni I've had, incredibly fresh and creamy 3. Squid ink risotto with sweetbreads - my favorite dish of the entire night. Like nothing I've tried before, the sweetbreads were perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth Next, the meats which we grilled ourselves right on the table: 1. Heart - this was our wild card dish of the night. We pushed ourselves to try something  out of our comfort zone. It was surprisingly good. Wouldn't have guessed it was heart at all 2. Belly - fatty and awesome, obviously, like all good pork belly 3. Cheek - oh, sweet, sweet cheek, so tender and lean We also couldn't resist getting the homemade soft serve vanilla ice cream with the works - Mochi balls, red beans, powder, gold leaf bits and salted caramel. This salted caramel was on its own level. It had a smokey, bitter taste that made this dessert extremely unique and complex. Service was fantastic  although our dishes were cleared away too quickly at times. Don't miss the bathrooms before you go. Oh Takashi, I love you!
Expensive Japanese bbq. I don't know why it is so popular, hard to get a seat, and the limit eating time is 2 hours. Well, I'm not a big fan of meat, that's probably why I'm not impressed. But their signature beef roast is a bomb! It is tender, moist, and so flavorful! Every table limits 3 orders. But we didn't have the second chance to order a second one before it was run out.. It was the best of the night! Other than that, every meat dish is small, so if you wanna get full, it will cost you $$$.
The food is delicious and have a modern twist on traditional Korean and Japanese food. Food: Beef with uni and shiso leaf - delicious Beef tartare with quail egg - pretty good Beef shank buns - best dish of the night Dumplings - wouldn't order again Foie gras meatball - ok Kalbi - good Beef tongue - very good Andouille sausage - too fatty for me
Really expensive Japanese BBQ... good quality but not sure it's worth the price.  And also a long wait on a Friday and Saturday.   The Niku-Uni is downright amazing and the beef tartare was awesome.  But the I felt the rest of the dishes were pretty standard.
Fantastic restaurant with great service and a very cool ambiance.  Its like praying to the meat gods at the meat temple and being handsomely rewarded.  Don't be afraid to try something different either!  We loved the between-the-ribs and the stomachs.  Go there and go nuts.  Leave your vegetarian friends at home
The rib eye is beyond amazing! This place has awesome horumon, and they have a nice description of what that means on their blackboard -- basically, animal byproducts (in this case mainly beef). We ordered a whole bunch of stuff to grill ourselves, as well as some side dishes, like the beef testicles. They were very, um, nutty... Overall great place, and extremely delicious. Nice place to go after a hard day's work to have some beers and unwind as you chew on delicious animal by products. It's a bit pricey though...the check came out to $220 including tip for me and my wife.
Make your reservations, kiddos. The late night ramen is to die for. My goodness, it was sooo amazing. Where do I even start. I ordered the grandma spicy with foie gras sensation. It was delicious beyond words. The foie gras was so rich and decadent, the intestines crispy and just right. Everything about this ramen was perfect. The broth delicious and garlic-y. The chef has his roots in Korea so I understand the heavy use of garlic. Extremely flavorful, a bit on the salty side, but amazing nonetheless. The thin noodles were great too. Let's just say that I will be craving this very soon.....
This was my first time at a place like this. I have to admit, I was intimidated at first. All the cuts of meat (including testicles), were making me gag. After speaking to the incredibly friendly waitress, she pointed my girlfriend and I in the right direction. While we did end order traditional steak, I also tried short bread (no, it isn't bread) and some other weird thing as well. Great experience, with a good staff. Don't feel intimidated coming here, this is a good place.
Went here for a couple bday celebration.  Thanks to Dan who suggested the cow experience.  It is now offered at $35 and only one platter offered per night with a minimum of 4 people per table.  Reservation is not hard to come by.  I got ours one week ahead for a Thursday 7.30pm reservation. We were seated promptly and service was one of the best ones I've experienced.  Friendly and not pushy. We had the spicy plum wine.  Certainly interesting but a bit reminiscence of Robitussin.   And of course we had to order the Niku Uni.  They look smaller in person ;)  I enjoyed it, the uni melt together with the marbled chuck flap.  The chuck flap is very thinly sliced (like other meats they offer) so I almost didn't notice it.  Though my friend thought it was too chewy. Then the cow experience, comes with 16 cuts of meat, head to tail.  It started with tounge, cheek, shoulder, neck (I think), aorta, intestine, large intestine, second stomach, liver, heart, sweetbreads, oxtail, and then a few kobe slices.  We also opted for the Takashi marinate.  I think the key is the fact that all these items were sliced really thin.  They provided clear guidance on cooking time.  One of us actually used a stop watch to ensure we follow.  My favorites are the tongue, shoulder, and of course the kobe cuts.  We were taking our time to cook them one by one.  I was initially nervous that we will leave hungry but after the meal, we were comfortably full.  I guess you do get full when you eat slower.   Overall, a very interesting experience.  For the price tag, not sure if this will be our staple restaurant but glad that we tried it!
I was wondering what would be so special about this place since there are already excellent BBQ at your table places.  We ordered  the cheek, tongue, belly, and sweetbreads.  Each cut had a distinct flavor and texture and you were able to appreciate it more because you grill and eat right away versus grilling a large order and having some pieces overcook while you eat. Also, our waiter recommended we try the tartar and I'm glad he did. It was fantastic. We tried the meatball with chocolate sauce which was okay, but not worth $20.
Things to order here: Beef cheeks Yooke (beef tartare with quail egg) Niku uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin) You can't go wrong if you order any of these three (unless you don't eat raw food) We tried to be experimental and ordered the testicargot (cow balls)... But meehh just taste like a chewy textured meatball drenched in garlic sauce.
Came here yesterday for dinner....SOOOOO GOOD!!!! Loved everything. Ordered 3 orders of the beef- unseasoned, only with salt and pepper- (Kobe Ribeye, Kobe Skirt and Angus Ribeye). Service was great, atmosphere was intimate and the food was delicious!! Loved the scallion salad (side dish) as well! Will definitely return.
Came here with a good friend because of Anthony Bourdain's show.  It was hard to spot because there was no sign I couldn't see but once I found it, We were greeted with a cheerful welcome.   Our waitress was very happy and cheerful to explain the menu to us.  It was amazing.  The meat was prepped on the spot, the tartare had great flavor, and so on. The food was great, the service was great, atmosphere was great, and the chefs were wonderful.
We got there right when they opened on a rainy Saturday and were seated immediately at the bar. Ordered the raw beef with uni wrapped in shiso leaf and seaweed to start since everyone raved about it. I gotta say, my first bite was disappointing. The shiso leaf completely overwhelmed the other flavors, including the sea urchin. For my second bite, I tore off more than half of the shiso leaf and was then able to experience the unctuous, super fresh uni. So glad I did. I don't think the beef really added anything to the dish. It was all about the uni for me. From the grilled section we got the tongue experience, the cheek, and the chef's selection of the day which included stomach, liver, sweetbreads, and heart. Everything was pretty good, especially when dipped in the sauces they provide. The standout for both me and my companion were the sweetbreads. Those were so flavorful and the texture was almost like butter. I also enjoyed the cheek and was pleasantly surprised by how good the stomach was. They have a nice beer selection (I love Yebisu) and it goes perfectly with all the salty, fatty meat. We had lots of fun grilling everything ourselves and watched my cell phone stopwatch carefully so nothing was over or under cooked. We ended with the soft serve vanilla ice cream with salted caramel sauce. So glad they have that option because it was the perfect ending to a special meal. The service was friendly and helpful and other than the hefty price tag, I have no complaints.
Well this was a total Anthony Bourdain ate here so I have to eat here move. The place is small but with a great Hybrid Japanese/Korean look to it. We really came to try the UNI with Beef Sashimi on a shiso leaf. which was excellent! The actually grilling experience was soso  though. We ordered several cuts of beef including tongue. Having had Korean BBQ several times in Korean I was very underwhelmed with flavor and portion size. The seasoning was bland and not very noteworthy but it was a fun experience. what I did not like was that the 20% tip was added for our 5 people group and it was not very obvious written on final check either. You lose a star to me with auto gratuity especially for groups that truly are not large and the service was quite spotty while the restaurant was not even half full.
A grill-it-yourself style restaurant that makes even the crappiest cook feel like a 5 star chef.  Its a pretty small place and seems to get crowded.  The booth benches are not that big, so it's kinda awkward seating with like 6 or more people.  They do have a cool coat hanger hidden in the walls though.   Even though you cook it yourself, the food here is amazing.  Each plate of meat was marinated to perfection.  The menu is mostly small plates of "different" cuts of meat that you don't usually see at most restaurants.  They have stuff like tongue, cheek, brains, intestines, and different stomachs. My favorite was the Sweetbreads (cow brains)... squishy, but sooo good.. I recommend going here to enjoy the flavors of these different meats... not really to have a huge meal and get full.  The portions are pretty small and thinly cut.  Another thing is this place is not cheap.  I'm pretty sure it was like $20 a plate, and you gotta try at least a few different meats, plus beer or sake.. Tired of the same old NY tourist diet of pizza and hot dogs???  Go to Takashi!
I got really lucky with Takashi. Was craving ramen and it was the only place open after midnight. Went in without a reservation, was told it's reservation only but the hostess quickly came back to give us seats. Score! And I didn't even know they only served ramen after midnight on Friday and Saturday. Although, I was really hoping for bbq and ramen.. but I guess I'll have to come back for the bbq. The ramen itself is an all beef broth with beef belly and beef intestines. I got the spicy ramen with the foie gras sensation for a total of $31. The most expensive bowl of ramen I've ever had but sadly, not the best. It was still good... The foie gras was very fatty and was marinaded too much. The broth was flavorful but too oily. I was hoping I wouldn't get a stomach ache as I was eating it. The intestines were yummy but didn't come with much. The egg was spot on. The beef belly was yummy. It's a big slab of tenderness. The foie gras and the spicy paste didn't go well together. It's a clash of flavors.
If you like exotic food, give this place a shot. If you want high quality food, this is not the place. Best items were: the sweetbread (Shibire) and free kimchi!  Kobe beef was nothing special. Had "Calf's Brain Cream" which was served in a tube. Taste like butter. Nothing special. I do not recommend this item. We wanted liver but they didn't have it. Had "Beef Belly" which was cut too thick. It should be thinly sliced so it's not too chewy.
On an episode of his former Travel Channel series, "The Layover", Anthony Bourdain was having such a culinary orgasm grilling his meat here that I'm pretty certain I bookmarked it then and there for a future trip east. That was nearly three years ago, and it was kind of a pain to get in here. On my first attempt, I was looking for a late meal around 11PM, but they were technically closed even though the Yelp listing says they are open until 2AM on the weekends. That's because they have a midnight ramen sitting, and you need to make a reservation in advance for that. Say what? I tried coming a couple of evenings later, this time close to when they opened for dinner. Success. I thought I'd be shunted to the counter, but no, I got my own table for four and more importantly, my own grill. Score. It's only one of seven tables in the place and quite a set-up with a huge grated grill with a big heating element and a huge light and vent right at forehead level. The menu was comprehensively appetizing meld of Korean barbecue with Japanese sensibilities. The style is called yakiniku, and Chef Takashi Inouye is very, very thorough in his coverage of the cow. Cow balls anyone? There are parts that would require some experience with a cadaver to know what you're ordering, for example, what's the difference between the first and fourth stomachs? The cheery waitress allowed me time to consider my options by placing a bowl of their Cabbage Salad with miso dressing and a side of seasoned bean sprouts (photo: bit.ly/1pNHtRl) along with their Red Red Kimchi (photo: bit.ly/1qB9nBH). I did know I needed to try one certain indulgence, the $24 Niku-Uni. It was a quartet of raw chuck flaps, beautifully marbled, with fresh sea urchin scooped on top sitting on shiso leaves and seaweed squares (photo: bit.ly/1rXS5mK). Yes, I said it was $24 but absolutely perfect mouthfuls of joy, an unexpected twist on surf-n-turf. The other tantalizing treat was the $16 Bone Marrow and Crawfish Dumplings (photo: bit.ly/1rXS5mK). They sit in the actual bones which the waitress is quick to point out is not edible. She then put on quite a production pouring the Hot Peanut Oil over them and setting them a-sizzle in a furious frenzy. Quite delicious although more meatball than dumpling. No complaints. So I was already down forty bucks, and the meat had not arrived yet. The dishes were cleared and the grill fired up. Time for the carnivery. First up was the $20 US Kobe Beef Belly. Bathing in Takashi's special marinade topped with sesame seeds and scallions, the fresh beef belly was sliced into strips ready for the grill (photo: bit.ly/1nV54Tv). It takes very little time to cook the meat, which I did dexterously with a set of tongs (photo: bit.ly/1m7HpKU). When the beef was ready, I dipped the pieces into a sesame oil dipping sauce that enhanced the flavor. Delicious as I was pounding the rice. Me want mo' meat. So I timidly ordered the $16 Cheek (Tsurami) this time with a marinade of salt, garlic and sesame oil (photo: bit.ly/WSkHAZ). A bit chewier in texture but still quite tasty and I'm finally feeling the capacity point but not before the waitress dropped off the dessert card for my perusal. There was just one dessert, a $6 Homemade Madagascar Vanilla Soft Serve Ice Cream with all sorts of topping and syrup options. Instead of pretending I was going to save calories by going with it plain, I went with the flat $10 "I'll have it with the works" option which allowed me to try all three toppings available - rice-flour dumplings, black sesame and soybean flour, and sweet beans - plus a syrup. I went with the salted caramel even though the green tea or the raw wild strawberry sauce would have worked in a pinch as well (photo: bit.ly/UGGKsT). It was fine but probably the east impressive part of the meal since it was just a sundae with a touch of Japanese exotica to make it compatible with the yakiniku. Quite a meal thanks to Chef Takashi focus on offal, not awful, not by a long shot. How can I come back and not try the Tongue Experience? FOOD - 5 stars...the fresh meats and innards and distinctive flavors make the Korean-style Japanese barbecue soar above other yakiniku houses AMBIANCE - 4 stars...not that spacious but I can't complain about a table to myself with my very own grill SERVICE - 4 stars...excellent waitress never rushed me despite a growing queue of hungry hipsters, the host was kinda tense though TOTAL - 5 stars...superb execution and fresh meats and offal make this an understandable Bourdain favorite
When I was in first grade, I took my very first trip to Los Angeles. After the long plane ride, my family stopped at a McDonald's to pick up something simple for dinner. I asked for a plain cheeseburger, and it came out with two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun. I physically cried when I saw all the toppings, my father yelled at me and told me to eat the damn thing, and I reluctantly gagged it down between sobs. And then Saturday I ate beef testicles at Takashi. My, how things change. It was in this spirit that my husband, friend, and I attacked the nose-to-tail offerings at Takashi. We said we wanted to try everything. And so we did. We skipped the popular galbi that we've grilled so many times in K-Town, and went straight for Achilles tendon, 1st, 2nd, and 4th stomachs, Testicargot (beef testicles in a garlic-shiso sauce), cheek, heart, liver, and belly. We also ordered a few beef buns, which were composed of gravy-soaked beef, spooned on top of fluffy Asian bao buns and accented with spicy mayo (and for the record: way better than anything McDonald's could have ever served my 6-year-old self). I'll get these beef buns every time. So, we tried it all, and kept an open mind. All the meat was of superb quality, marinated to remove any chewiness that comes with offal, and it was fun grilling it ourselves at the table. However, I had some favorites and least favorites. - Beef Belly - fantastic "beefy" taste and sublime texture. A must-order. - 1st, 2nd, and 4th Stomachs - 2nd Stomach was the best, as it was the most airy and spongelike, in a good way. - Heart - Nicely marinated and therefore not as chewy as chicken heart I've had in the past. Try it. - Testicargot - The garlic-shiso sauce was complex and very similar to the sauce served with escargot, but for the testicles had a little bit of a gamey taste, so I was not a fan. Try it just to say you did, and then spoon up the remaining garlic-shiso sauce on its own. - Achilles tendon - Unsurprisingly too chewy. - Liver - Very gamey. I don't like liver, so I'm not sure why I thought I would like this. I also have to comment on the freebie cabbage appetizer; the white miso dressing is so tasty and Takashi actually bottles and sells this dressing. I liked the atmosphere, and was happy that we got to sit at the counter instead of a table. It reminded me of being at a yakitori place in Japan, except that we were eating beef instead of chicken. Reservations/Tables: They take rezzies for parties of 4-6, otherwise it's first come first served. We arrived at 6 on the dot this past Saturday night, and there was already an hour wait. However, they call you when your spot is ready.
This review is for the ramen only. I got the spicy ramen with foie gras sensation. I really enjoyed the beef belly and foie gras and also thought the noodles were cooked perfectly. The problem I had  was the broth was too salty and my other friends agreed. I would give it 4 stars if the broth was as described in other reviews.
Great food, love cheeks, beef sausage and their beef tartare is the best I ever had!!! ( and I did have many around the world) come early though to get a table.
My second trip to NYC, litterly just off that 7hr journey. Its midnight what else are you gonna do in NYC other than go straight for Ramen!? A couple of our friends had pre-booked so we were quickly seated and orders taken. There were two choices (not including add ons) oringnal ramen or spicy ramen. The rest went for oringnal while I went for the spicy!! It was while looking about this funky little restaurant that I got reading the walls.... and realised this isn't the standard ramen im used to but made with beef instead (some korean influence),  having lost some love with ramen in London I was starting to regain some interest in this twist that I was unaware of before. The food was served in a timely manner and the waiter regaled us with all the tasty ingredients. I was immediately smashed in the face with a strong garlic smell and was thankful that all the normal condiments that are on the table (including garlic) were not provided. You eat it as it comes out the kitchen!! The taste was just what I needed to regain my ramen love. Rich and salty with that garlic overpowering the rest just enough.  The custom made noodles were cooked well (albeit a little thin) but I don't think I partook in the table small talk until id finished the bowl. The beef belly needs a seperate mention here as it was possibly the tastiest bit of meat ive had!! Great food!! I only wish I was here long enough to try it again..... well, ill just need to fly bk again.
Great food, really... Especially knowing that the beef is from reputable farms and of great quality. However, considering the prices and what our bill ultimately came too be, AND that we left hungry... I felt it was not worth it. Also, one has to be mindful that this is mostly a cook-it-yourself experience! It's salted... And raw... And then you grill it yourself! It's just far too pricey for what you ultimately get (much of which are offal, the cheaper cuts of the cow). Again, good... But exhorbitantly priced.
This twist on Korean BBQ is a novel concept. The twist is that the food comes from every part of the cow. The flavoring and seasoning is perfect. The food is very fast because the customers basically cooks for themselves. The reason for my 3 stars rating is that the food portions was way too small  and the wait was way too long. 5 thin slices of beef liver will run you around 20 bucks and the normal human male would need around 25 of these slices to be full. You can do the math. The restaurant took no reservations for parties of less than 4. We had 3 people and ended up waiting for almost 2 hours at 6PM on a Saturday evening. I may go again to take friends coming in from out of town but I would not go again otherwise
I wanted to eat everything on the menu... Can't really describe it in words. You have to go there and taste it yourself. My favorite dishes: Niku uni Techan - intestines Tongue You should go there early as it tends to get crowded after 7pm. 'tis love at first bite...
Out of 200 reviews, this is my 3rd 1 star review. I've previously loved this place for their food, and the service during my last visit was absolutely spot on. but the staff I met today ruined everything. I reserved for 4 people at 8pm. 2 of us were on time, the other 2 were late. The maître d or whoever you want to call her, told us it's policy to wait for the full party to arrive. Fair enough, so we waited. Our 3rd guest arrived and the final guest was going to be late, so we just told them to seat us for 3. The response was definitely unexpected. She told us, "it's not our policy to sit 3 people for a reservation, and you would probably have to wait 2.5 hours for a table, but we will let you guys sit anyways...we don't take reservations for 3 people. Please wait." That was fair enough, so we waited. 5 minutes later, 2 people arrived and she leads them to the only open table available, which I thought would be ours because we came first. I thought there must be a reason for that, and didn't say anything. 5 minutes later, a 3rd person arrives and joins their table. Confused, I asked her why did she seat them when their full party didn't arrive? She answered "because your party isn't here. we are letting you guys use the reservation even though you have 3 people. Your wait would have been 2.5 hours otherwise." that made no sense to me because I asked her why the guests that came later then us got to sit before us when their full party wasn't present. so I asked her again, and her reply was "oh, they know the manager, and they come here twice a week." her response ticked me off, but we waited. that party knew the managers - who am I to take their table. 8:25PM and we were still waiting for our table that was supposed to be available at 8PM. So i asked the maître d, when is our table going to be ready? She replied, since you're party isn't here yet, you have to wait longer. I admittedly got a little angry, and I asked her, "okay, so hypothetically, if all 4 of us were here, at 8PM, would you have sat us down?" She replied "oh...no because the table we had reserved for you - they're still paying the bill." See what's going on here? The whole time she was just trying to justify us waiting by making us look bad because 1 of our guests came late...but the whole time, they had no table available at 8PM, but made us believe we were waiting 30 minutes because one of our guests was late. I know it's not her fault that the earlier guests finished their meal later, but at least explain the situation instead of trying to make it seem like she was doing us a favor. We finally got seated, and we wanted to order right away. We tried to grab the attention of the waiters/servers (couldn't tell who was who), but they told us to wait. During the meal, we also didn't have a waitress or waiter. Each time the food came out, someone different brought it. And none of them interacted with us. all in all, I was so dissatisfied with the service, we gave them a low tip. that may be cheap of me, but I don't understand this concept of tipping in the US. The amount of tip should correlate to the service you receive. We came out of the restaurant, and shortly after, the manager stormed out and demanded an answer to why we gave them a low tip. I told them, your maître d gave us attitude and made us wait 30 minutes for a table we reserved for 8PM. we waited 15 minutes until someone took our order. no waiter asked us how the food was or bothered to check in with us. we didn't even know who to tip because we interacted with so many servers. that's why. the manager snapped back, alright if that's what you want to give, go ahead. and walked back into the restaurant. why even ask me why I tipped you in the first place if you're just going to head back inside. Did he want more tip from me? Usually at a restaurant, if the service was bad, the manager at least tries to understand what happened. by all means, the customer isn't always right. but when a customer is clearly upset, there's usually a good reason behind it. /rant
Wow! Among the best meat I've ever eaten. Great atmosphere, great service, great everything! I was lucky enough not to be paying, otherwise I'd have been in trouble.
Wow. So as promised I came back for the BBQ. when you first walk in to the restaurant, it's a meat attack of your senses. the smell of meat grilling greets you, the tables overcrowded with delicious meats waiting for their turn on the grill and the sound of the meat sizzling excites you. We did two appetizers, the niku uni and the yooke. Amazeballs. The uni comes on top of a raw slice of beef, shiso leaf, and then a piece of seaweed. Roll it up and savor cause it's good. The creaminess of the uni and the soft texture of the beef would be enough for me, but then add the shiso leaf for another layer of flavor.. Well worth the high price tag. The yooke was a beef chuck tartare mixed with a raw quail egg and shiso leaf. Again just absolutely divine. It's just an elegant way to showcase the freshness and add flavor elements that really complement the meat. On the grill we had the tongue experience, the shoulder loin, cheeks, and beef belly. By far the beef belly was the best. You can't beat the fattiness of it. Next favorite would be the shoulder loin for the marinade which was more like a traditional Korean kalbi. Cheeks and tongue would tie and both had great texture. We also tried the rice balls which weren't as amazing as the meat but I think you need something plain to go with all the meats so no complaints here. Next time I'll be back for the whole cow experience!! (they only do one a day and it's a tasting of meats from the tip to tail of the cow, call ahead to reserve)
Im still debating if i should give it a 4 or a 5....but lets just settled for a 4.5! The moment we walked in, the sweet hostess greeted us, and we were told the wait was about an hour. I told her it was fine and left my name. We were actually seated within probably 30min....and it was at the bar area. The three of us started off with sake, and each one of us ordered a plate of meat. We had kalbi, Rosu and something else....lol.... OMG, the second we put the cooked meat in our mouths...holy balllls! It was soooooo good, so juicy....and we knew this was quality meat!! LOL! After we finished 3 plates of meat(the portion was actually quite small), we decided to order more and we also opt for the Bakudan rice...the meat was definitely a win win! But the bakudan rice was soso. For dessert, we had their home-made vanilla ice cream with black sesame...and it was goood...they gave us Doraemon spoons! Doraemon spoon for my guy friend..and Doraemon's sister shaped spoons for my girlfriend and I! Ha....super cute!!!!! Kawaiiii!
Takashi is a smaller, intimate yakiniku restaurant that kicks some serious butt when it comes to outstanding quality. For the person looking for the best and creative yakiniku dishes in the city, come to Takashi. Be prepared to shell out a decent load if you'd like to truly enjoy your experience though: Takashi is more of a $$$$ place. Some may find it disconcerting but Takashi is not really meant for big parties. This "intimate" point really separates Takashi from other Yakiniku places like Gyu-Kaku or Yakiniku West, which I think allows Takashi to experiment with more "creative" dishes that you wouldn't find at the other traditional yakiniku places. I'm talking about the uni beef sashimi wrapped in shiso (niku-uni) that everyone considers a must-have. I mean the soft-boiled egg en cocotte, topped with pancetta, crab, caviar, pear, etc. What about that squid-ink rice with marinated sweetbreads? We haven't even gotten to the actual "yakiniku" part of the meal yet! We are talking serious business at Takashi. Takashi is really best-suited for the open-minded. If you know people who are like, "blehh, beef tongue or liver" then don't bother to take them here. They wouldn't appreciate Takashi for all its worth because there are far more "unique" things than tongue on the menu. Of course, you could just order all the normal meat cuts because they are high-quality too, but by not experimenting with new things at Takashi, it kind of misses the point why you would come. Don't miss ordering the different kinds of stomach and various offals. Please get the tongue too.
Lived up to the hype! I won't go on about the uni on top of rib eye since everyone and their father knows its delicious and fresh it is. I will say that the galbi and liver was heavenly although the portion sizes weren't great. One thing you can't skip is the dessert. I highly recomment the madagascar soft serve ice cream, we added rice balls, sesame, and caramel topping to the dessert and oh em gee it was to die for!!! I'll definitely come back again! Note: This place won't take reservations for parties less than 4.
*Review for the regular dining hours* After watching an old episode of Anthony Bourdain, we had the craving to try the menu during it's regular hours of dining. The free apps were a nice treat. The uni negri is great. I'm not the biggest fan of the shoji leaf but the fresh uni on beautiful raw marbleized meat was delicious. The testcargo or just cow balls prepared like escargot was insanely good. The butter lemon pesto like sauce was lick off the plate good. For our meats, we ordered the tongue experience which was good but wish we stuck with the regular cow tongue. Some cuts were chewier than others. The cheek was tender and smooth. The Kobe short rib was like butter melting in your mouth. Not too far from the Hidagyu we ate in Japan. Loved the dining experience here. Excited to come back and try the other stuff.
This place is glorious for meat lovers. Portions aren't huge, but they are damn tasty. It definitely is a place where the quality of the food speaks for it self (considering you have to cook it yourself). They have so many different cuts of meat that I was at a lost trying to figure out what we should order. I wanted it all. Get the beef belly. Trust me.
Small tiny joint with only about 7 tables and bar seating for maybe 6 or 8 people. It's a korean/japanese bbq spot with really high quality meats. They have meats you wont find at your average bbq spot - intestines, tongues, etc. Prices are a little high and the portions are tiny, but you'll understand why after learning the quality of the meats. I'm not huge on intestines but they were really tasty. The beef belly is amazing. Their bun appetizer is also amazing! They also have ramen from midnight to 1:45am on fridays and sundays - they only serve ramen then. From what i understand it's the only beef broth based ramen in the city. The broth is definitely in my top 3 that i had - but the kobe beef belly....O...M....G!! quite possibly the best piece of meat i've ever eaten....so damn tender and so full of flavor....definitely try it...
I have a special special place in my heart for this one. I recently came back from the far east and was craving korean food. I knew nothing would match up to that but I read the NY Times review on Takashi and decided that it was exotic enough for me to try..multiple times Sam Sifton's review does more justice than I could ever give this one.. events.nytimes.com/2010/…
While Takashi has long operated as a yakiniku joint, it was only recently that this restaurant joined in the latest ramen craze to hit New York. Appropriately, Takashi now serves the only all beef-based ramen in the city, and given the outstanding feedback received from multiple sources, I'd only grown more and more anxious as the weeks went by. Getting a bowl of Takashi's ramen isn't as easy as one might assume; it's served only on Friday and Saturday evenings at midnight, and reservations need to be made on the Monday of that same week. Once the reservation gets confirmed, it's easy enough to show up to Takashi the night of. The restaurant is conveniently located in West Village, and although the storefront is small, it's hard not to pass by the growing crowd of waiting guests on an otherwise empty street. We arrived a few minutes prior to opening, and after seeing off the lingering guests from the last yakiniku meal, the staff was quick to make the change over for the Midnight Ramen. We gave our names to the host and were promptly shown to one of the grill tables, which had chopsticks and a large spoon already set for us. There is a menu for the Midnight Ramen that lists the two options (Takashi Original and Grandma's Spicy), although the only difference between the two is that the latter has a generous serving of the special "spicy paste". There's also a number of additional toppings and add-ins, such as the Kobe beef belly, kaedama (noodles), and the Foie Gras Sensation, which will add a succulent piece of foie gras to the bowl, although it comes at a rather steep price ($14). I was wary of how overpowering the foie gras addition would be, however, and decided to stick to the Grandma's Spicy Ramen for my order. As for the ramen: The broth was a dark brown and opaque, and flecked with several droplets of oil. The promised nori (seaweed), kasu (crispy intestines), half of a soft-boiled egg, and the spoonful of spicy paste were all spread across the top. At first sip, the broth has an unmistakable meaty, and deeply savory flavor to it, highlighted by the aromatic additions of garlick and ginger. There's a thickness in consistency to the broth which only adds to the richness, yet, each spoonful achieves that difficult balance in pungency and unctuousness. The noodles, custom-made by Sun Noodles, are thinner and slightly wavy, and cooked to a slight al dente so that they complement the rest of the bowl. The kasu, a creation originally from Osaka, are chewy and retain their exterior crispness despite being submerged in the broth and call attention to the many possibilities of offal. The soft-boiled egg is done to a tee, and the luscious beef belly somehow manages to retain both a sinewy yet melt-in-your-mouth consistency, all the while imparting that delightful beef flavor that doesn't get lost in the hours of braising. I've heard mixed responses to the addition of the spicy paste, and I believe it boils down mostly to personal preference. Unlike most rayu, the paste isn't oil-based as it traditionally should be. Instead, it bears more resemblance to the Korean gochujang, which I find is a better addition to an already rich bowl of ramen. In retrospect, it's almost mind-blowing how well Takashi has executed their ramen. Just as the founder, Takashi Inoue, wanted to highlight the influences of his Korean background and Japanese upbringing in his yakiniku restaurant, there's a seamless melding of Japanese and Korean cuisine in each bowl. The focus on the cow, especially the use of the under-utilized offal, is similarly present, and elevated to a commendable point. For ramen lovers and aficionados alike, Takashi's Midnight Ramen is well worth the trip; just make sure to bring your appetite along.
I had my first tongue experience here at Takashi and it was shared with one of my girlies - beef tongue, that is. The uni beef app was equally fantastic. Takashi is a teeny bit pricey for what it offers but the execution is simply awesome. Regardless, always good to welcome variety in the W Village.
This is Korean Bbq, by way of Japan. It is nearly all beef and every part of the animal comes into play - Heart, brains, aorta, and stomach - not just generic stomach, but first stomach, second stomach, fourth stomach - I have no idea what happened to third stomach. The hard working muscles are tasty, but since they have little or no intramuscular fat, cannot compete with the tenderness of the short ribs (Kalbi) or belly. Our favorites were the Soft boiled egg en cocotte topped with pancetta, and the bone marrow and crawfish dumplings. This dining experience is not for the faint of heart or the squeamish of palate, but the adventurous will be well rewarded.
1. Try the steak tartare. It was unique and fantastic. 2. Try the heart, amazing! 3. Skip the tongue trio - it was underwhelming compared to the other amazing things on the menu 4. Pick the daily special. Its a daily special for a reason!! As far as service and ambiance, this place is a 5/5! I couldn't be happier. It was definitely worth the price and I look forward to going back!.
This review is for the midnight ramen only. There's only two options for the ramen, a spicy $17 and not spicy $16 version. Since I was doing the $14 Fois Gras Sensation add on, I didn't want to risk too much the chili paste overpowering it so I asked for it on the side. Surprisingly on the side meant $16 regular + $3 Grandma's chili paste add on meaning it cost me $19. That plus the Fois Gras Sensation + $14 is $33. The chili paste on the side was very peppery and overpowering so I only ended up using 1/2 the amount in the soup. It was very thick and difficult to mix as the broth wasn't that hot. The Fois Gras Sensation is a grey gelatinous blob. I'm not sure if it was cooked enough or just a bad cut. It doesn't taste like any fois gras I've ever had and wasn't pleasant. It was also cold in the middle. I pick up flavors as if it was marinated in some sweet wine and soy as well. That texture of grey gelatin with the sweet alcoholic undertone is gross. The thin noodles were cooked well and the beef broth was very flavorful. I wish the temperature had been hotter. The braised beef belly was very delicious, tender and falling apart with the cut having the perfect balance of lean and fat. The crispy small intestines added a nice texture to the dish and the pieces that weren't completely folded into the soup had a nice crispy crunch. The first server was nice and asked if I was there for the first time and explained the menu to me. A different server took my order so I'm not sure if the first would've just charged me for the spicy and noted chili on the side instead of the +3 up charge for the add-on but be careful about that. You also need to ask for your water to be refilled every time as you will not get any no matter how empty your glass is and how many times they pass by your empty glass. The broth really shines and I just wish everything else could be better.
"Where's the beef?" finally gets answered... it's at Takashi.  This menu is a barbeque grilling shrine to beef and everything about beef.  It's all premium choice cuts of Japanese and American Angus, and you can grill the raw slices marinated in Takashi's awesome sauce right at your table.  The space is small, can only seat max 37 people at the bbq tables along the wall and the chef's counter.  For the grill tables, I think parties of 4 are the most comfortable fit and within good distance of the grill to cook your meat!   I am completely addicted to this spot... the fact my clothes smell of bbg for days after only feeds this addiction.  I haven't gotten too adventurous beyond the ribeye and kalbi -- done the tongue experience, heart and maybe one of the stomach things... left the other innards alone but perhaps someday.  For apps, the Grandmom's Steamed Beef Shank Buns with Spicy Mayo are amazing but my FAVE is from the Raw section: Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) --- so fresh and delicate... just salivating thinking of it decent sake selection; i thought it intriguing they served Tusker (kenyan beer).  dessert is Home-made Madagascar vanilla softserve ice cream that is creamy and fluffy and amazing.  You get to choose your toppings like green tea or salted caramel syrup... both of which were magical. I've always come with Japanese folk (and tokyo peeps says this is just like yakiniku at home) and the clientele tends to be skewed but it's very friendly to all.  Service was amazing first time (a gaijin who spoke perfect japanese too!), and it was decent the second time.  Bit of a hipster vibe, but the prices are kinda baller.  Love the cartoon mural on the wall explaining all the different cuts and how to grill. Very cute and informative!   Must try!
This review is for an aggregate on the food since I really dont remember exactly what we ordered besides the fact that we pretty much ate all kinds of meat, ribeye, shoulder, chuck steak etc. All of the meats were extremely fresh and tender, and they tell you how long to cook it on each side, not entirely accurate at all times but generally a guide. For the harder to cook things like the skewer sausage which was my fav, they cook it for you as it takes about 10 mins and different positioning. The rice they give you is also out of this world, its fluffy soft and not the dry crap you might be making at home... or is that just me? We got one app, Uni Beef Sashimi on seaweed was insanely good and the raw beef really complemented the taste and texture of the uni (and they give you a TON of uni). Each order is 24$ and comes with 4 pieces. We had 5 people but they generously gave us another. Dessert is a must have, their ice cream with red bean and your choice of caramel or green tea drizzle is amazing...Somehow they make their ice cream taste amazing and actually sweeter than what it should taste like. Presentation is excellent too. This restaurant is very small, you cannot fit more than 5 people to a table (2 chairs, squeeze 3 max on the bench). Also reservations are taken for 5:30, 7:30 and 9:30.
This is a tiny little restaurant but the food is well worth the wait (They accept reservations for parties of 4 or more). It's a Yakiniku that has a lot of funky meats. We tried as many different meats since the dishes are small but everything on the menu is fantastic. I highly suggest the Niku-Uni (Uni,on top of chuck flap, shiso leaf, and dried Korean seaweed) Being a small restaurant, it can get very loud but so worth it. Highly recommend
I highly recommend this place to everyone who wants to try something special) The food is very extraordinary ,but so tasty Went there with my friend ,everyone loved it The service was really goo,very polite and nice,and what is very important they could explain me whatever I asked about and helped to choose the best dishes ! Will go there again!5 stars to you!
Just finished dinner and couldn't wait to yelp! We had no idea what we were doing or even how to read the menu for that matter. Our server was very helpful in guiding our choices. We had the steak tartare and the pork buns with spicy mayo. The qual egg on top of the tartare was the icing on the cake. I could eat that tartare every night and be a very happy girl! Our friends had the foie gras stuffed kobe burger with chocolate bbq sauce, smelled amazing. For dinner at our table we ordered the shoulder, the shortribs, the beef belly, and the ribeye. Love the grilling experience, adds an element of fun to the evening. I can only really comment on the beef belly which was my dinner, although I tried the shoulder, The beef belly was delicious, the shoulder was good but the belly was great! Dessert we ordered one of each of the 3 types of ice cream with the works: green tea, berry, and caramel. Lots of things mixed in, some better than others but good nonetheless. The bathroom gets rave reviews from our table. Bidets, drying effects, all were loved by us and appreciated from our group. I deducted one star because we had a mishap with an appetizer crashing down to our table and knocking our drinks into our lap soaking two of us. Not intentional but a bummer. Overall great dining experience, a fun way to ring in my 33rd birthday!
Ramen here was ok... They really should stick to yakiniku. I will delve into the intricacies of Ramen soup base and tare: To me the beef broth was transparent in its use of garlic. Under normal circumstances, used heavily with tonkotsu soup base, the garlic works well to meld the fat to the umami of the soup. In this instance the garlic overrode all flavors leaving only itself as a bold flavor. I felt as if I was eating noodles with garlic beef gravy. Another really off putting sight/texture was the motsu- fried pork intestines... *******PLEASE CLEAN THE INTESTINE BEFORE FRYING THEM.*** I hope you read this!! What idiots fry intestines with undigested black crap in them... Totally a star off for lack of understanding basic hygiene and presentation. Clearly it has to be washed and the undigested *hit has to be rinsed out as with any intestine. That's rudimentary; well apparently not. I promptly removed all the fried partially digested matter filled intestine out of my soup. Idiots. Disgusted. Perhaps the redeeming part was the slice very tender very well braised slice of beef presented as a topping. The noodles were meh, pretty standard. Well cooked and drained but standard. I'll try the yakiniku next time as the ramen are clearly an after-thought but indicative of a clear lack of understanding of the underlying ingredients and methods.
First yakiniku experience, really enjoyed the meal here, great service. The standout was the short rib! Wow! You will come out smelling of meat though, make sure you check your jacket.
This is a very special place that should be reserved for special occasions. The Kobe beef we were served was without exaggeration the finest beef that I have ever eaten in my life - which is not to disparage anything else on the menu, as it was all delicious. When celebrating anything, consider Takashi NYC as the perfect location for a small celebration (downside: a bit cramped for space.)
Total: 4.0 Authentic Japanese style Korean BBQ restaurant in West Village. Anthony Bourdain explained "Personally, if I had only one night in New York ... these days I'd probably come here. Date night at the Bourdains ... " The place was specialized in Beef and you can try anything from Beef Kalbi(Short rib) to intestines such as heart, stomach, liver etc. What I loved most was the selection of raw beef, Yooke and Niku-Uni ! The server was very friendly and helpful. Decor was not great, but simple and suitable for Yaki-niku. A bit pricey but still one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Food: 4.5 To start, I had Niku-Uni and Yooke, raw beef dishes. Niku-Uni, very delicate taste and unique texture, and I loved the most. For grilled beef, I would recommend Kalbi for sure. Here is my list for your must Niku-uni: chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi Yooke: thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce Kalbi: Short rib for Yaki-niku And any beef from Takashi today's recommendation list Service: 4.0 The server was very friendly, helpful and attentive. He gave suggestions and tutorials nicely to pick and decide our dinner of the day! Decor: 3.0 Not fancy and not elegant, just stay simple and suitable for Yaki-niku. Not a huge place, only about 40 seats or so and tables were set closely each other, makes a bit noisy for our conversations. Good for with friends and family.
Ramen - mmmmmm. My friends and I came here for midnight ramen.  I've had tons of ramen.  Tons!  This had to be my second favorite bowl ever.  Ramen is nothing if not a balance and harmony of flavors.  Takashi hit all those notes aside from one small thing, the noodles.  I'm of the opinion that the broth is more important than the noodles, but again there has to be some balance.  What I loved about it all was that the ramen was non-traditional.  It was obviously Korean inspired and delicious.  The meat was unbelievably tender.  They were not stingy either with the portion.  It always bothers me when a bowl of ramen has a small piece of meat and then you're fishing around for more when there is no more to be found.  The one thing I wish was that the noodles were a bit firmer.  This was a common complaint around the table. Although Takashi has been said to be busy and completely full every night for ramen, there were still seats throughout our entire visit.  This must have been an off night for them since I've heard stories of people lining up down the block to get in even with reservations. If you love ramen, you'll def have to make time in your schedule to go to Takashi.
The best surprise I ever had in NYC. Living in the neighborhood I walked past this place about 1000 times before deciding to go there on a whim after some cocktails in a nearby bar. At first we looked at the menu and then at each other - tongue, different stomachs, tripe what have you. We decided to go conservative and got: edamame, the kobe beef, crawfish & bone marrow dumplings and the andouille. It was by far the best meal I've had in years. Cannot wait to go back and haven't stopped thinking about this amazing meal.
I hate this place, but only cause I'mi insanely jealous that I have nothing like it in Miami. Small, intimate. Steak tartare(has seaweed salad in it for crunch/nice touch), uni on raw beef, grilled(by us on the grills in the middle of the table) marinated sweetbreads and beef cheek were all mighty tasty. Marrow and crawfish dumplings were good but the dish we liked the least.  Went late on a monday and it was busy so reservations are recommended for parties of 4 or more.
Very good service and a fun and modern interior design that puts this place above some other good Japanese - Korean BBQ places I've been to. The waitstaff were knowledgeable and friendly, and the meats of various cuts were of high quality, although it was slightly pricey. The drink prices were more reasonable with Japanese beers on draft and of course, sake. The light vanilla ice cream also hit the spot for dessert after the filling protein-based meal. Note: Do not bring your vegetarian friends here or plan to go out after, because you will leave smelling like BBQ, although maybe that's not a bad thing if you're trying to seduce a hungry dude.
Went for the BBQ with 3 other friends. We were seated between two groups of Japanese people, so we concluded that it is a good choice because when locals are there, you know it's good. Love their menu. That uni is TO DIE FOR. I think I can eat an order of that by myself. We ordered various meat and highly recommend their special menu. One of the table next to us ordered 2 orders of the bone marrow. It looks superb. Ordered a yuzu sake. All of us loved it. Came back in 2 weeks for their midnight ramen. Must make reservations. We were promptly seated and were given 2 choices, with one being original and one spicy. The soup was very rich and flavorful, but we all agreed that it was too oily. The only reason I like Takashi's midnight ramen is because you can make reservations and will be guaranteed a spot. I don't like staying on line for 2 hours for a bowl of ramen.
What a great experience!  5 stars!  Table of six, so we ordered a ton off the menu and got a full experience.  The best thing by far was Fioe Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger w/ Chocolate BBQ Sauce, holy God.  We ordered one and decided we needed a second one, to die for.  Other top items were Grandmom's Steamed Beef Shank Buns, we went for 3 orders, damn tasty.  Spicy Japanese Cucumber was good, but I was here for the BEEF!  Cow balls ain't my thang, but testicargot was an adventure worth trying...I think.  House Bresaola (Kobe Beef Prosciutto) was worth ordering, just well done, sliced razor thin and packed with flavor.  Some loved the Stewed Beef Tendon Casserole, I had a small bite but never got a full sample of the flavor.  Yooke ie (thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce) was AMAZING, so good if you like tartare.  I hate sea urchin so passed on the Niku-Uni, which the other five at the table RAVED about.  We grilled up some heart, stomach, and steak at the table...this was fun but did not reach the level of awesome that the items prepared in the kitchen ascended to.  My advice, go heavy on the kitchen items and light on the grilled items.  Sake list was great and wine was also solid.  We left happy and I'd recomend this place for a culinary adventure! ,
Shut. Up. Takashi will blow your mind (if you have an open one).  While it's known for serving all the cow parts, the ones you commonly eat are just as good.  Having to cook your own beef is not only fun, but absolutely worth it in their special house sauce.  No reservations, unfortunately, but worth the wait - and if you head over right after work, it's usually easy to get right on a table! The staff is great.  The place is cozy AND great for people watching. Though a little pricey, try this place at LEAST once.  You won't ever regret it.  EVER.
Beware of overcharging at Takashi.  Our bill came and several food items were added that we had never ordered:  an extra beer, an extra bowl of rice, and two entrees we didn't order nor did we receive.   When we questioned these the waitress said she would rewrite the bill.  When we asked for the receipt for the higher charge to be returned to us, she vigorously resisted and told us "not to worry about it--I swear to god I took care of it".    The food was good but the $40 overcharge says "stay away".
Such a blast!!  This place takes Korean BBQ to a whole new level with an interactive experience, but please, no vegetarians... Come on a special occasion, as the prices are high and it is an adventure!   We had the following: Starters -Sea Urchin: which was a unique medley of flavors and a bit chewy due to the beef, but still very good. (One bite ladies.  No trying to be cute!) -yooke (tartare): one of the best ever! Presented with a quail egg on top and then mixed together table side - bone marrow and crawfish dumplings: good, but it reminded me of Chinatown dim sum I get for $2. Not worth it - pork buns: same as above Mains - just about everything's, so our favorites were: belly, cheek, tongue, and between the bone Desserts - Ice creams with "the works" Caramel was a little burnt and green tea a little strong, but could not stop eating both!! My only advice for this place is to order a side of rice! It's filling since the portions are small and only meat. Have fun!!
I love this neighborhood.  Not only is the amazing En Brasserie down the block, now they have opened up this great yakiniku. This place is a Korean inspired yakiniku.  Yakiniku is Japanese BBQ.  I'm not going to explain what it is, as if you have to ask, then you should at a minimum check it out to get educated. What I am going to say is that the food is absolutely incredible here.  It is Korean inspired yakiniku, so there is kalbi available.  I am not a huge sauce fan and the meat is marinated so well here, you really don't need it. We started off with the Niku Uni - which was original, but not incredible.  It's seaweed, sitting on a mint leaf, with a raw thin piece of chuck, covered with uni.  The piece of chuck was not as tender as you would need for a raw piece of meat. We went on with the Kalbi and the Naokaochi Kalbi.  Again, very run of the mill, if you are familiar with Korean BBQ. Now where this place gets interesting is the Tan-saki, Tan-suji & Tan-moto, essential the front, back and side of beef tongue.  VERY, VERY, GOOD! Next up - the Horumon-Moriawase - which consisted of the Mino, first stomach, Tetchan, the large intestine, Hatsu, the heart, Shibire, sweetbreads, and Kimo, the liver.  The texture and the tastes are exquisite and intense.  Remember, this meat is cut thin and marinated, so all it needs is a light sear to bring out the flavor of the meats.  It is necessary to open up your horizons to the organs, arguably more of a delicacy and way more delicious than just flesh. Finally, the Tsurami, the cheek, which for the most part is the most tender piece of most animals.  This is cooked for 30 seconds on each side and absolutely melts in your mouth. The sake and beer selection is nominal, so if you're expecting to go for a great sake selection, look elsewhere. All in all, phenomenal and very authentic experience.  The Korean inspired flavors sure added a lot to this meal as all BBQ is not created equal!
Super yummy! Came here with a date. He thought it was a bit pricey for what it was. It probably was. It's not too filling, so you'll have to order a lot to be full! Cute place!
BEST premium Japanese BBQ in Manhattan! I loved everything there. My favorites include the chili peppered edamame, premium tongue, kalbi, ribeye, and beef belly (yes, alot). Also, love the niki uni. Portions are rather small, so that can really drive up the bill if you want to eat more but for this quality of food, its definitely worth it! Make sure to make reservations. I personally would not recommend going with more than 4 people, as the tables are rather small. We had party of 6, and was hunched up to a table.
AMAZING DINNER! Docking one star for the price to food ratio and how we were in charge of grilling our own food. We didn't have any issues grilling everything to the idea medium rare but I can see how this can go totally south if people got their drinks on and then left the meats on too long. We ordered: Uni on Rare Beef - Wonderful combo of creamy/savory/salty. Highly recommended! Tongue Combo - Didn't realize that there were that many diff textures on a cow tongue. Definitely enjoyed it! Beef Cheek - YUM! Beef Toro - OMG. Cow bacon. AMAZING! Make sure you get reservations!
One of the top places for Japanese BBQ.  But warning - you have to be an adventurous, well experienced carnivore.  If not, you'll see it as really expensive offals and get pissed off. The raw uni & ribeye appertizer is to die for.   Otherwise I recommend going to Gyu-Kaku - which you can read about my reviews there.
Coming in as a group, we went all out to try as much as possible. We had the following starters and they were unbelievably epic and unique: Niku-Uni Soft-Boiled Egg en Cocotte Bone Marrow and Crawfish Dumplings Calf's Brain Cream Foie Gras Stuffed Mini Kobe Burger House-Smoked Beef Pancetta, Newborn Whitebait Fish and Monkfish Liver al Ajillo We then progressed onto the grill and pretty much had everything from the tongue experience, chef's selection, stomachs, liver, ox tail and different cuts of meat. Everything was excellent. Although when ordering that much meat, things start to taste the same with differences only within texture. Given the opportunity to do it all over again I would be none the happier to lean towards their specials, while sticking to just a few of my favorite parts of the cow for grilling. By the way it was an hour wait to get in without a reservation and we were given slightly more than 2 hours to finish our meal because it was extremely busy.
FOOD: Must try appetizer is the Uni and beef on shiso leaves and Nori. Loved pickled cucumber as well. We did not get to try yukke, but the table next to us ordered twice. They were tourists from Japan, and told me everytime they are in New York, they go to Takashi, and the Yukke is to die for. As for the meats, everything we ordered was good, from tongue, Miho, Hormone Yaki, Kobe beef, etc etc. The only thing I didn't like about was the kimuchi. It was not good. I asked the guy behind the counter if they make it. He said Kimuchi making is outsourced. DRINKS: They don't offer that many sake or Shochu, I think I only saw one kind of shochu, which was reasonably priced. We were happy to drink that with shredded cucumbers. I wish they had shiso (Japanese purple basil) shochu, and Goma (sesame) shochu. SERVICE: Service was good. The wait staff was friendly. DECORE: Cute decore. Very clean and modern grills. No complaints. PRICE: Very pricy, but worth it. It's gotta be a special occasion place.
O. M. G. The uni melts in your mouth along that raw piece of meat, leafy green leaf & seaweed. The yooka was incredible. The eye of the meat is the largest part but mixed with that quail eggs & it just gave that oomph in terms of creamy texture. Plus the seasoning?! WOW. My friends & I shared the beef belly & the cheek. The beef belly was a good combination of meat & juicy fat all in one bite. The cheek had a slight crunch to it & tasted so good with that spring of lemon juice! Tends to get really crowded so definitely make reservations prior. I'll be back to try their ramen. Can't wait!
If you're into raw foods this is the place to be. Raw beef of sorts and even with a nice combination of uni. (who would have thought!) Been here twice, each experience was great. Fantastic service. Amazing house made sesame salad dressing, (you can purchase a bottle to go for $10) As a person that loves raw food I was even taken back a little bit by really how raw these dishes were, but once you get past that it's worth it :) Wouldn't really recommend the chef's platter of animal assortments! Everything else was delish :) Would really recommend trying this place out at least once. Reservations are needed for this tiny gem.
My boyfriend and I were visiting Manhattan for the weekend. We had Momofuku for lunch and Soto sushi for dinner on Friday....but Takashi was BY FAR the best food we had all weekend. And it's definitely one of the top dining experiences we've both had. (We're both big foodies and are very open to trying all types of food) Reservations: We called at 5:30pm-ish Saturday and they said they had no openings but offer walk-ins for 2 or less. She said she recommended we come in sooner rather than later. Well, I'm a girl and there is no way I'm not getting dolled up for a night on the town in NYC. By the time we got there at 8pm, there was a 2 hour wait. We just went to a local bar and had a few drinks until 10pm. Make reservations!! The Restaurant: You walk in there and the smell of korean barbecue captivates you. Not your typical K-BBQ smell that makes you worry that you're going to leave with stinky hair. I was drooling before I was even sat. It's very small and intimate. Great for dates! The drinks: We started with a bottle of soju. It warns you on the menu that it's "not for the faint of heart". We said meh and ordered it anyway. It tasted harmless but definitely caught up to us later on that night. I'm pretty sure the soju is the reason why we ended up at an afterhour karaoke bar that night! The food: I loved everything we ordered. Beef sashimi and uni with shiso leaf- the beef was so fresh and the marble was beautiful. I have had a lot of uni in my life and this uni was definitely up there in quality. Sweetbreads-It was so creamy and tasted so fatty, you want to feel guilty eating it. But don't feel guilty. Eat it! Liver- I love liver so it's very hard to unimpress me with any type of liver. This was wonderful and it had that tad of bitterness that I love in a liver. Kolbi- you just have to order this here. It's a staple BBQ and it was also great. The service: She was the sweetest server I've ever met. She was extremely down-to-earth and helpful in suggesting items on the menu. She even asked us about our plans for the night and gave us suggestions for local bars. We were more than glad to give her a fat tip. When we left, we ran into Takashi himself chatting with a friend outside the front of his restaurant. The food was so amazing that I was starstruck meeting him! He was very kind and took a picture with us. Thanks for the food experience, Takashi!
the little banchan is so delicious... the cabbage salad, etc. started with niku-uni: chuck flat topped with sea urchin [my favvvvorite]. it sits on dried seaweed & a perilla leaf. it is absolutely fantastic. the yooke: sliced chuck eye tartare in sweet and salty sauce. its slightly different than the kind my mother would make at home, but since the sauce base is different, it is a different experience. i'll definitely get the niku-uni again and try for the gyutoro maki sushi or something else raw next time. the bakudan: rice bomb wrapped in with korean seaweed slices or pickled sesame leaf. it is a little simple ssambab heaven. it goes well with grilled meat. the grilled meat of choice was the tongue experience [tan-saki, tan-suji, and tan-moto]: seasoned in salt, garlic and sesame. the three different types of tongue were grilled at 30-60-90 seconds per side, respectively. probably one of the best tongues i have had to date. our last meat option was the kalbi (a go-to option) marinated in takashi's special sauce. it was quite delicious and nothing was disappointing. it is definitely a pricier option, but well worth trying new things here. go with whaty ou like and what you are curious about! i love this place & definitely will be back.
Booked in advance for their weekend late night ramen. Very rich beef based soup and chewy ramen with yummy beef! Not expensive though it's around $20 for a bowl of ramen.
Do it! Just Do it!! Everything we ordered got better as the dishes came out.... If you like meat and cooking it on a grill in front of you, then this is the place, fantastic marinade with the Rib eye, just amazing. Sorry if you are a vegetarian! The pepper edamame is addictive! Ice cream for dessert topped with flakes of gold...... it made my night!
The place is not bad, the meet (for bbq) is very fresh, but the appetizers need some work on them.
Finally, a decent japanese/korean fusion place in the city. the rice that they served me that day was a bit dry, so i'm going to give it two stars less than what a lot of people say that this place deserves....
Once upon a time, I saw Anthony Bourdain on TV, eating uni-covered meat at Takashi. I don't always insist on doing whatever's done on TV, but I knew that one day, that niku uni would be mine. I finally met this destiny on a recent trip to New York, when I went for a Friday night dinner with my mom and two friends. We made a reservation for four people, the smallest table you're allowed to reserve. The walk-in line was pretty deep the entire time we were eating. Takashi is a cute place, small and casual with a festive izakaya air. We were helped by a friendly waiter who was really enthusiastic about intestines. The menu had a lot of unfamiliar items, and he was a great guide. Chef Takashi is ethnically Korean, born and raised in Japan (and, incidentally, looks like this: metro.us/wp-content/uplo…). His food reflects that heritage--it's Korean barbecue with a Japanese presentation, with a gutsy focus on innards. The more prepared dishes show a flair you'll never see in a traditional Korean barbecue joint. You can get things like brain cream and testicargot, which is exactly what it sounds like. A couple of our party were not feeling super adventurous, and I was happy sticking to the safe stuff. I've had some organs in my life and I can take or leave most of them. We shared some appetizers and a whole lot of meat, and all left full and happy. The niku-uni was an appetizer, and it came with four portions of uni over raw beef over shiso over nori. I'm not sure why I don't see uni with beef all over the place. The creamy brine of the sea urchin went beautifully with the beef, and the fragrant shiso and salty seaweed were pleasant as well. I wanted another order, but we did have more things to eat. The other standout appetizer was the yooke, Takashi's version of Korean steak tartare, made with thinly sliced chuck eye. It was cool and zesty, the beef silky and bound with quail egg. We also shared the gyutoro-temaki sushi, which was chuck flap "sushi," essentially slices of beef over large mounds of rice. This wasn't bad, but the beef got lost in all that rice. The soft-boiled egg en cocotte was sort of the odd man out in our meal--it could have walked in from an entirely different restaurant. It was pretty good, if small and hard to share, a loose boiled egg topped with tiny bits of beef pancetta, caviar, blue crab, pear, smoked dried tomato, pickled new ginger, cucumber, and yuzu zest. The bulk of our meal came from the grill, just plenty of beef, beef, and beef. We ordered kalbi, ribeye, and beef belly, along with some large intestines. We had a choice of preparations for each order: either seasoned with salt, garlic, and sesame oil, or marinated in Takashi's sauce, which was sweet and soy saucey like you'd expect from a yakiniku marinade. We mixed and matched, and everything was delicious. We were on our own for a lot of the grilling, but our waiter gave us detailed instructions and we were able to cook everything up without mistakes. It helped to have a mom at the table. All the cuts were excellent, but I have to say, the large intestines, or tetchan, were the winner for me. Our waiter recommended the tetchan as a universally beloved innard, different from the rest of what we were eating without being off-putting. He was right. The tetchan was chewy in the best way possible, elastic and yielding, with a mild, wonderful flavor, with the marinade caramelized by the grill. If I make it back to Takashi, I'd love to explore some of the other organ meats. The intestines made me feel like I was ready. We ate our meat with some rice, mostly an order of bakudan, which was basically onigiri studded with Korean seaweed and pickled sesame leaf. Kind of horrendous that it cost $8. White rice should do the trick fine. For dessert, Takashi serves homemade Madagascar vanilla soft serve ice cream with several choices of toppings. We ordered two of these with the works--shiratama (white mochi balls), kurogoma kinako (black sesame and soybean flower), azuki (red beans), and syrup (syrup). We got one with green tea and one with strawberry syrup. The soft serve was fantastic--I would go to a dessert shop that only served this ice cream. It was the perfect consistency, with the right amount of sweetness, and the toppings were delightful. I understand that Takashi does a late night ramen, which is just coolness overkill. I don't spend too much time envying New York, but I'd probably trade something big to get Takashi to move to L.A.
A tiny place and you definitely need reservations. If you are an adventurous eater this place is most definitely for you! Great and fun food to try. Great service! Ends up very pricey because the portions are pretty small.
Very authentic Japanese yakiniku (BBQ)! Amazingly small portion meat plate and very expensive though :-( make sure you order bowl of rice or something stomach filling. We went there before it's opened, they got about 8 people waiting. Within 20 mins, all seats were filled and people came after that were told for 45mins waiting time. Reservation will be for more than 4 people.
Wow! This was by far my favorite dining experience in NYC yet. I love their built-in electric grills at the table that allow you to choose the temperature of your meat. The grill tops are frequently swapped out for clean ones during your dinner. We tried the Niku-Uni, Kobe tartare, belly, cheek, heart, liver, 1st and 2nd stomach, sweetbreads, the tongue experience, more belly and more sweetbreads. We basically could not get enough. Everything was just amazing. My favorite though was belly and cheek! Even though the check was $320 for 2 diners, I cannot wait to go back for more!! PS. Very friendly and helpful service! When my sloppy companion dropped one of his Niku-Uni, they graciously and without asking brought us another.
We ordered the tartare appetizer, short rib (regular and kobe variants), cheek, tongue, heart, oxtail, ribeye and beef belly. Everything was delicious, particularly those dishes which our server had specifically recommended. The side of rice was perfect as well as the sauce accompaniments and kimchi. All that plus a healthy amount of sake and a few beers and the price was still entirely reasonable. Next time I'll probably stray less from the recommendations and maybe just stick to one of the pre-curated course sets. Anyway, I loved it and will hopefully be back soon.
This place was very good, but VERY expensive!!  We went here for my birthday, so I guess price doesn't matter haha.  I really loved their uni.  It was so fresh.  I wasn't a fan of their testicargot.  I've never really liked the chewiness of testicles.  The foie gras stuffed with kobe burger in chocolate sauce was okay.  It was a little too chocolaty to be accompanying meat.  We pretty much got all the meat dishes on the grilled section and everything was delicious.  I have to say my favorite was the Rosu marinated in the Takashi sauce.  The flavor was on point.  Overall, I would come here again, but only for a special occasion.
An authentic, hipster version of Gyu Kaku. High quality meats and side dishes. Pictures speak for themselves. A young and trendy ambiance plus nice staff. Tip: call to make reservation. Option not available on OpenTable.
Overall it was very good food and a few dishes like the niku-uni were outstanding, in my humble opinion. Some of the other dishes were only good but nothing to write home about, and of course the menu is not cheap overall. Go very early to beat the crowds, preferably right at 5pm.
This review is not for the regular restaurant operation but for the midnight ramen on Friday and Saturday nights. I didn't think I could stay awake long enough to ever try the ramen, but somehow I found myself in the area and hungry after midnight on a Saturday night recently. We didn't have a reservation so we did have to wait a bit, but it wasn't horrendous. I got the ramen with grandma's paste and it was amazing. I actually felt like I was in Asia as I was eating this bowl of ramen, and I'd say it's one of the best bowl of noodle soup I have ever had.
Takashi does meat, and they do it WELL. No pun intended because they specialize in a beef tartare, and how you cook they others meats isn't up to them. I've always been a big fan of a grill-per-table, in which the customers can cook the food to their liking and at their own pace. Not much of a drinker so I cannot attest to their drink selection, but if you are a fan of such Japanese favorites Ramune, then you're in luck. Great atmosphere, attentive and knowledgeable service, overall dining experience was excellent. Highly recommend for small group dinners if savory delicious food is your choice and the price isn't a major concern (steep but worth the investment every now and again). Enjoy! Yatta!
This is best Korean/Japanese Yakiniku BBQ Place in NYC Their yukke is best in NYC. The BBQ dish portion is small but all good quality. I wish they had better selection of rice or noodle dish though.
Dinner at Takashi is easily my favorite meal in New York from 2011. Where else can you get a foie gras stuff kobe burger (still dreaming about this weeks later). The quality is exceptional and the service is as good as the food. Go with a group of four or more and make a reservation or your looking at a 2hr wait. This place is small and it takes time to eat as their are multiple courses and you are grilling your own meat. Oh and you will walk out smelling like meat for days so dress appropriately. Delicious!
This restaurant offers so many kinds of beef including all four stomach, tongue, etc. The waitress will tell you how long you should cook for each dish in order to have the best taste. The price is a little bit high but it's definitely worthy. It's really hard to have such similar restaurant...Gyu-Kaku is good also but Takashi is absolutely better choice. About waiting time, we came at 6 a.m. weekday  in April and we don't need to wait. Even when we left around 7, no one waited in line.
4.5 stars. For respectful meat eaters with class, this place was suggested like a must try. Even with the new and soft opening a week ago, the place was totally packed and lively at 9:30PM on Saturday night. The space isn't that big and there are small bar area and only about 6 tables in total. All tables are equipped with an electric wire grill in the middle and the smoke exhaustion hood. If you read what's written on all around the chalk board walls, you will be quite educated on meaning of each beef parts, how is called in Japanese and how should be tatsted or good for your health. The owner is a Osaka Japan born Korean who loves the childhood Japanese cooking, opened Takashi combining with Korean cuisine. And yes, there are more life for beef after steaks and he wants to let the world know. Beef is major meat in Japan and Korea rather than pork or chicken. Farm bred domestic Beefs are praised the most and expensive. We give beefs as gifts in holidays. (FYI, I am a Korea born Korean). The menu mainly suggests Raw and BBQ for beef parts that are uncommon. The appetizers are very simple that are mostly like side dishes in korean cuisine.  We had Mixed Namul, which is korean hand marinated or fresh sauted variety of wild weeds. These are commonly seen if you know Bi-Bim-Bap (literally means Mixing with Rice as Bi-Bim-Meon means Mixing with Noodle, but not with namuls in that case). You mix all the Namul ingredients with rice and sauce. OK, OK, I know it will be a never ending story if I go on like this. The main entre, we wanted something raw. We've ordered Yooke(steak tartare with quail eggy york) but, they apparently ran out as well as the one with Uni. I had Yooke a lot of times so... we've ordered sushi version called Temaki. Really really OMG good. The Yooke is thin slices of beef, served mostly slightly frozen for the texture and super fresh. But this sushi was grounded and pounded pate which was so soft and crazy good. It seems they mixed with the eggy york/white so well that it tasted like buttered. It came with several sheets of roasted Nori (Dried Seaweed) to wrap and dip in wasabi & soy sauce. This one was the winner of the night. Next, grilling & BBQ, we've ordered Chef's selection since we wanted to try different parts. It came with 5 beef parts - Hatsu(heart), Akasen (4th stomach), Tetchan (Large Intestine), Shibire (sweetbreads) and Tsurami (cheek). You choose from two marinations, simple salt garlic seasame oil or Takashi's house marination. Either one, if you have been to Korean BBQ, you are familar with. The salt, garlic sesame oil is more used for pork belly (sam-geop-sal but mostly as dipping), or raw liver or heart which is usually marinated in this and sometimes mixed with crushed ginger to offset that gameness. We had the second marination which is more like Galbi marination but a bit more stronger for the parts' sake. I loved the intestine parts the most. It was perfectly burnt with patches and the chewiness was just enough. Yum. My friend loved the heart for some reason. The 4th stomach was sweet but even after 10 min of chewing, wasn't ready for swallowing. Make perfect sense why it is 4th stomach, huh? The sweetbreads were quite interesting. It was balloon soft if you get that. Actually the chalk board behind me said that it was supposed to have a taste of milk and it was indeed. Cheeks were a OK. Mostly though, I was very impressed with how the parts being prepared since none of them really had unpleasant or offending part odors which all depends how they wash prepare them. Actually depending on the preparations, the dish becomes either delicacy or street food. Well fed and jaw exercised, Takashi well deserves some 'don't waste that parts' praise, but also for how it pulled it off. And the crowds seem to approve that as well when majority were the natives of the cuisines and the rest well mixed. The servers were mixed in cultures as well in that manner and very attentive. The host actually ran after us when we were leaving, just to say good night. $45 per person spent including beer and tip. Well spent. A lot of dishes were sold out for the day but I completely understand that they won't keep more than enough stock for the freshness and safety. The waitress made sure that we grill some parts thoroughly. Though, two things that were wished. 1. Either because BBQ pieces are too tiny or the grill mesh size was too big, the pieces fell out of the mesh and we lost our food! LOL 2. There aren't much vegetable dishes for wraps (only one thing in the menu ran out), or something to pair with the meats since it could be too salty or saucy for some. Therefore, a half star is outed from being five stars. Highly Recommended. Will come back for more parts. Beef, I love you through and through. LOL P.S. One warning, be prepared to smell like BBQ all night after Takashi. Everyone knows where you have been.
Amazing!!! Called to see if they had a reservation, they said they were booked but would call if they had any cancellations, try called 30 minutes later to say they had a table in 15 minutes. They have nicest staff and were all very helpful. All the food was fresh and delish! The mega rib was not to miss. The pork buns, tartare, bone marrow dumplings were all fantastic. Truly not to be missed.
This place is not your average Yakiniku but carnivore haven :). I was blown away by combination of Uni and raw beef (Niku-Uni)  which is great. Kalbi beef we ordered is just melt in a mouth. If you're willing to go beyond normal Kalbi, Rosu, Misuji type meat, they are varieties of internal organ selection :)
We had their BBQ and some other well known dishes. We tried their bone marrow dumpling which I thought was the highlight of the meal. I have definitely had better BBQ in the city. Portions are super small so you should order a lot.
"Are you vegetarian?" "Nope. But I only eat meat if is enough interesting or raw... ... and Jamon" The menu at Takashi looks to be set up to tempt people like me ... if there anyone else out there same kind* ..? . But any case, for the regular ones you will find the menu interesting as well. Either the raw lovers, the grilled lovers, the weirdo-hunters and the ones who follow my words as if I was God*. And of course, regular meat lovers. To satisfied my veggie and raw preference we order Seasonal Namul (regular pickled vegetables) and the meat version for sushi, consisting in grounded beef over sushi rice. The vegetables was fresh and refreshing and I loved the bitter touch that you could taste in the back. The meat sushi made me question my "principles" about eating meat as it was insanely good. The meat was like tartar. Served at room temperature, you barely appreciate the meat flavor but just deliciously fat without any trace of it and amazingly tender. Reminds me the same texture to Guacamole when is prepare fresh and right** You can dip it in the soy sauce with the excellent wasabi and wrap it in a nori sheet. All this unnecessary to me. I'm this purist about meat issues. I can picture how grilled can be more attractive for you than raw 3rd stomach, for instance. I don't understand why, but who say I belongs to regulars. Our grilled part of the menu was Horumon-Moriawase (chef's selection) consisting in Cheek, Heart, Large intestines, Fourth stomach and Sweetbreads and among Seasoned with salt, garlic and sesame oil or Marinated in Takashi's sauce, we choose the last one as its obviously unique. Actually, when I asked the waitress about it, she said secret sauce. Secret is always a magic word; somehow. This was enough to share with another person but if you are a big eater you will want it for yourself almost completely. 1 order would be fine for 1.5 people. Ok, just find another friend, be a party of 3 and ask 2 orders. The acclaimed secret sauce, secret or not, was delicious. I loved it, as is a bit sweet without being overwhelming. Next is my rank based in my preference after tasting texture and flavor of each part Sweetbread Heart Large intestine Cheek 4th stomach and this was a virgin test as it was my first time I tried those parts.  I just loved the most the texture of the sweetbreads. Its as tender as brain, but with more flavor. The heart was sweet as love. Large intestine was similar to sweetbread but more like meat, not as tender. And the 4th stomach is a whole experience. Chewy. I don't have the adequate tools in me to break this apart (maybe need to eat more meat.. ?. Who knows). Cheeks was just regular pieces of meat. Very good. Preferences apart is a very exciting experience to discern the flavor and texture among the different parts. Don't forget this is intrinsic to the piece itself as it has not suffer additional processing other than marination and in the same sauce. Its true that if you compare the value with Korean BBQ joints Takashi is expensive as the banchan and other sides coming along for the Korean can't be bet at Takashi in terms of food coma. But this is Yakiniku (Japanese term for grilled meat dishes) and apparently there is differences in the kind of meat, about how is cut and the Japanese is ate directly from the grill. Alone. Also they use Premium Japanese and American Angus. Its what is said. I don't really know obviously considering my large experience as a meat eater* but I do know the meat was excellent*** . I didn't have enough raw meat. And I didn't have enough weirdo (interesting) meat. I want Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) and I want Nama-Senmai (third stomach with spicy miso sauce) and I want Achilles tendon. And I want too, grilled Shio-Tan (tongue) as I use to love, looooove the cured tongue that we prepare at Spain. But I mostly want the tongue experience (Tan-saki, Tan-suji & Tan-moto) ... and please no jokes here. And I want to visit this people again as the waitresses was so nice and lovely. As not many in the city. I wanna be her friend. As well as the waiters and the host; with some of them I'd like to be more than his friend ... [wink] (shhh. I have never say that ok?). Oops, and remember you will smell as grilled when you left. * and you are not questioning this, don't you? ** and its funny I have to recall this as I hate avocados. All is weird at Takashi I guess *** I was grow up in one of the best Spanish lands for meat. veal loin in  particular. in case this helps.
As my friend said about this place: all beef, all the time. Takashi is a small Japanese BBQ place with DIY-grills recessed in the tables and friendly staff who explained all the different cuts available on the menu. Our table of four ordered four plates of meats: oxtail, skirt steak, the Angus short rib, and the chef's special (which is a medley of organ meats: heart, liver, two kinds of stomach, and sweetbreads). As the meat plates arrived, our waitress gave us clear instructions on how long to leave things on the grill, which was very helpful. We were each given a pair of metal tongs to grill with, so we didn't have to set our wooden chopsticks on fire. The oxtail was a bit disappointing as the meat was too chewy, but the other meats were well-seasoned. The highlight of the night was the chef's special -- I thoroughly enjoyed the second stomach, the liver, and the heart. Sweetbreads were a bit off-putting, but that's more of a personal thing rather than a criticism of the chef's preparation. As someone else has mentioned, the price to food ratio is rather disproportionate and so we ended up leaving hungry, which is a shame since the food was so damn good.
I first experienced a Korean grill-it-yourself BBQ restaurant at around age 8 when we broke the family "Benihana" birthday dinner trend and opted for the more "hands on" celebratory meal for my Mom's special day. A little over a decade later I experienced the real deal on my month-long stay in South Korea, grilling slivers of fatty beef and pork on an outdoor covered deck in the pouring rain... But as favorable as those memories may be, the meal Alex and I shared with his sister Kristin and her boyfriend Mike in NYC's West Village Japanese/Korean spot "Takashi" was surely the best. Chef Takashi, a third-generation Korean immigrant born in Japan, represents his dual heritage in his Korean-influenced Japanese-style BBQ (called "yakiniku") - a combination destined to be delicious. We heard about Takashi from Anthony Bourdain's "The Layover" and made a reservation online before Anthony had even gotten halfway through the segment. With only 34 seats and 7 tables and an all-beef menu, this restaurant is the perfect nook for the true carnivore. Each perfect cut of Premium Japanese and American Angus featured on the menu comes from sustainably raised cattle and is antibiotic and hormone free, and not to mention, expertly prepared and absolutely delicious. As our high-tech infrared grill "fired" up, the four of us kicked off the meal with Grandmom's Steamed Beef Shank Buns with Spicy Mayo and the House Bresaola (Kobe Beef Prosciutto) with Blue Cheese and Hazelnut Apply Honey Soy Mustard. While we thoroughly enjoyed both dishes, in retrospect I would have opted for some of the more adventurous options (i.e. the Calf Brain in a Tube...). The Kobe Prosciutto, while sliced razor-thin and ultra-tender, felt too "safe" and expected. The true fun began with the grilling; Alex and I shared the chef's selection which included raw, marinated first stomach (Mino), fourth stomach (Akasen), heart, (Hatsu), liver (Kimo) and shortbreads (Shibire), and a plate of raw beef cheek (Tsurami). We cooked each cut according to the server's simple instructions and savored each and every piece. My favorites were the charred sweetbreads (pancreas glands never tasted so good!) and the creamy, tender heart. So if you favor yourself a carnivore, ditch your vegetarian friends and treat yourself to an gluttonous evening of offal. FOR COMPLETE BLOG POST ON TAKASHI VISIT: goodbaduglyeats.com/taka…
I've been wanting to come in here since I read about them a little while after they opened but haven't had occasion to yet.  Yesterday we ended up dropping in.  Told it was a long wait but it ended up being shorter because someone didn't show up due to the torrential downpour of rain.  Anyway, they let us order drinks while we stood around and waited and so that was fun.   The space is cute if tiny.  It smells delicious.  It's set up in a pretty intimate way despite being packed so you end up really lingering.  We finally got seated around 9pm and it was well worth the wait. We all had some Sapporo drafts, and I also had a special draft which was a Saranac Black Lager that day. We ordered the following items:  Niku-uni (raw chuck flap with raw uni, on a shiso leaf on top of a piece of Korean nori, with fresh ground wasabi), Kalbi (short rib), Rosu (ribeye), Nakaochi kalbi (between rib meat), Harami (outside skirt), Beef Belly, Tongue experience (the tip, body and back of the tongue, 3p each), and the horumon moriawase (selection of offal, which included 3p each of the following: 1st stomach, 4th stomach, heart, liver, and sweetbreads.)  Also, we got scallion salad and rice to go with.   I would call myself an "adventurous eater' in that I try absolutely anything, but I often don't go out of my way to order the weird stuff at restaurants.  Offal meat isn't my favorite though I do love liver, but I still wanted to give everything a try... And man, am I glad I did.  The food was incredible and everything on the horumon moriawase was incredible.  It was so good that we actually ordered another second plate of just the akasen (4th stomach) and if I had had room, I would have wanted to get more sweetbreads.  Everything they had was so clean tasting and high quality, and it was prepared as to get the max amount of wonderful flavor and texture, so it in my opinion didn't really have the overly chewyness or overly-smelly minerality that some offal can have at times.  Everything was excellent and I would not hesitate to recommend this place to anyone who wants to give those meats a try but isn't sure where to start.  That said, there's enough standard cuts of beef to please the picky too. Just be sure you do eat beef, though, because it's absolutely the only type of meat on the menu!   We finished up with a house-made Madagascar vanilla soft serve with salted caramel sauce.  Both the soft serve and the sauce were superb.  I would definitely go again if given the opportunity.  One of those on the slightly pricy sides but so worth it dinner experiences.
Very tasty food - the beef, especially. Interesting concept, would go back but probably not too often.
While I went back and forth on whether to give 4 versus 5 stars, I ultimately decided on the full 5-star rating. Why? The food is EXCELLENT. Great quality, delicious, innovative, and unique. Service was helpful, prompt and professional. The only reason I thought of taking a star off was the prices. For the little amount of food you get, it's quite expensive. That and the fact that the heat from the grills were baking my face and made me quite uncomfortably hot. While the beautiful restaurant is quite small, good news is that they take reservations AND they'll seat you even though your full party has not arrived yet. In NYC, you should be grateful for that bit of grace. Every item we ordered was deliciously perfect. The downside is that since you are grilling the meats, you are liable for overcooking. Good thing our waiter always instructed us on how long to properly cook each meat. Without these tips, we probably would have ruined everything! Tips: Get the cow tongue. Ox tongue (the way my mom prepares it) is my favourite asian dish, so I really enjoyed a little bit of home here.
We had the tongue experience, of course the niku uni, testicargo (not recommended), gyutoro temaki sushi & ice cream with the works (think we chose hoji).  Having the gyutoro was overkill since we had the niku uni already.  However a lot of people seemed to order that.  The tongue experience was delightful.  The niku uni was also good.  The works was awesome.  The plain dumplings were delicious and they have some kind of chocolate gold foil in there too. Uploaded a photo.
Review is solely for their after hours ramen stint. Two seating times: 12am and 1245am on Fridays and Saturdays. No walk-ins. Reservation is a must and goes pretty quickly. Email your reservation on the Monday of that weekend after 5pm. Replies are very prompt. I've been trying to get reservations to their ramen eats for a month til I finally got one. Sending reservation email after Monday will definitely be futile as I learned after a couple of attempts lol. It's a basic menu. Original ($16) and Spicy Miso. You can add extras in it such as foie gras or beef intestines. No sides. Just ramen. Unlike most ramen in town, Takashi's is beef based. I love pork belly but the beef belly that came with my ramen was too die for. So tender and tasty. And the $14 add on foie gras was aptly called foie gras sensation cause it was sensational. Worth every penny. Super yummy! No other side dish is needed. Pork bun? What is that? My ramen satisfies me enough. If you're a self-proclaimed Ramen connoisseur or a lowly glutton like me, there's no way you can pass this one up. Two thumbs and big toes up!
I love this place! Innovative menu and the service is top notch! Great place to impress a date!. Try EVERYTHING! Each plate is an adventure!
Review is strictly for the Sat midnight ramen 'event'.  Stayed in NYC for the 1st time ever for a 2 day 1 night trip and after watching RaisinInTheSun on Broadway, changed outfits and 2 of us proceeded to Takashi for our 12am reservations. Arrived at 12:15am and the place was fully packed which basically meant, ppl must've started queuing up earlier than midnight although they had reservations! Had to wait 20mins for a table and in the meantime, ordered beers and whilst waiting, saw my 1st ever (open) bribery in USofA when a couple came in and offered the hostess $$ for seats which was respectfully declined!Told my NYC mate about this the next day and she said, it's actually quite common in NY!!No wonder corruption reigns supreme in USA! We ordered both the original and the spicy ramen with no add-ons. The broth was delicious, noodles had the right bite and the pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth goodness and the fried pork intestines were in all their crispy goodness! The only difference between both the ramen was the dollop of chilli paste on the spicy one which I took some off to put on my original ramen too!  Extra star is for the buzzing vibe and "aliveness" at 1am. Fully sated at 1:30am, we were ready to take the L to TheOutput for our clubbing night out.
What is the purpose of eating in a restaurant? It is to eat good food cooked by someone else: meaning, the food had better be superior to one's own cooking, and the dishes should arrive at the table ready to be savored. For this very reason, I have been perplexed by the raison d'être of yakiniku restaurants (Japanese Korean Barbecue), where the diners are expected to cook - grill - their own food - meat - (leaving aside, obviously, those side dishes) and serve themselves- wrap the meats in raw vegetables. Thus, as it appears, each diner is ultimately responsible for the outcome of their grilling skill. Where is the real chef? However, what does cooking really entail? Of all of these myriad tasks and sub-tasks, however, a diner in a yakiniku restaurant is charged with only one job: Grilling. And yet, the meat at Takashi is already an almost complete and final product even before you grill them: Many cuts of the meat can be eaten raw. Most critically, however, grilling at Takashi is a fail-proof procedure, thanks to the special grill at Takashi. No, the grill at is not the traditional shichirin, which uses coal; instead, the grill at Takashi, uses far-infrared rays to cook the meat. Therefore, the ingredient can seal in its moisture better - less shrinkage - due to the fact that the far-infrared rays reach inside the food to cook them inside out. Hence, there is much less risk of burning; and as a result, no hardened surface on the meat. Furthermore, there is 50% less smoke compared to using shichirin or gas grills. Grilling meat at Takashi, then, is no more and no less than dipping your already perfect sushi into soy sauce. The Raw Hatsu - heart (yes, you have guessed correctly) - sashimi was the special of the day. The light crunch of raw heart tasted nutty, which responded well to the sweet tare (sauce) and the citrusy, gentle kick from the lemon. Namagimo, purple slivers of raw liver - drizzled with sesame oil and covered in scallions and sesame seeds - were dense and viscous; and yet as soon as it seemed to cling to your tongue, it broke apart and melted away, leaving a faint lemony tang to clean up the heaviness. Yooke - the hand-cut long and square strands of beef tartare - were a novelty in terms of raw meat texture: the ropes of chuck-eye provided a sufficient chew, as opposed to the accustomed soft grounded meats as used in a French tartare - a bovine interpretation of "al dente" - due to the excellent quality of the beef. The sweet soy-based sauce bound all the toppings - the nutty Korean seaweed, egg yolk, shiso leaf (even dressed prettily with yellow flowers) - together into a miniature raw food heaven (I can stay on this diet for a while). The Grilled Meats Kalbi - the short rib cut without the bones - was tender without being overly fatty. The special of the day, the beef belly, was well-marbled without any clogging heaviness, and sweeter than kalbi. The Tasting of Tongue - composed of tan-saki (tip), tan-suji (tendon) and tan-moto (rear) - were unexpectedly chewy for the human tongue used to the unrealistically rich and decadently marbled wagyu tongue. Each part of the tongue was cut differently for maximum enjoyment: The tip was cross-cut like a rose-colored chrysanthemum for being the chewiest; the tougher moto was sliced thin like a ravioli sheet, and the suji, laced with white tendon, was thickly cut for the ultimate mouthful blow of bovine chew. The simple salted and peppered sesame oil smoothed out the leaner American beef tongues. The first of the Tasting of Horumon - akasen (fourth stomach) - proved to be the most resilient and elastic with a serious fight against your teeth. The earthy kimo (liver) became the consistency of a melted Mars bar on the hot grill with similar aftertaste of sweet muddiness. Conversely, hatsu (heart) was crunchier upon hitting the grill, compared to its raw, natural state. Mino, the mild, ivory-colored first stomach, was chubbily cut for the full mouthful sensation, to which a dollop of the yuzu-chili paste provided a lasting stimulant. Lastly but not the least, shibire (sweetbreads) transformed into deathly molten bombs of delectable creaminess. Tetchan - the large intestines - must have been cleaned and washed and trimmed incessantly and insanely to attain such purity. Being extremely fatty and therefore flammable (warned by our waiter, although we did not witness such a spectacle to our disappointment), the outer layer was grilled over their special grill to a nicely browned and chewy crisp; while the inside remained liquid, yes, liquid. But my favorite was harami, the outside skirt. The lean meat was nevertheless tender and bursting with full flavor. Perhaps, the particular cow laughed a lot - or hiccupped a lot - so its diaphragm was particularly well-exercised and flexible. The complimentary cabbage, by the way, proved to be creepingly addictive.
After years of years of going back and indulging myself with complete cow heaven, damn this place is still consistent. New added items always are so tasty, damn the BEST RAMEN they serve exclusively on the weekend late nights are hands down. the BEST. As I'm writing this review, I am drooling all over my keyboard. Cow heaven, I'm ready. Take me.
Sea Urchin beef sashimi is a must have. Beef tongue is really tender and tasty. Next time will try the Fois Gras stuffed mini Kobe burger!! The restaurant is quite small but popular so I would recommend a reservation before you go. Food is a little pricy but I think it worths trying.
Wow. Sometimes you have dinner, and sometimes you have a dinner experience. This was an experience, and it surpassed my already high expectations. A group of four of us came here, and supposedly, were the first people to book the cow experience. For those of you who haven't heard of this, the cow experience is 16 different parts of the cow, at $30 per person, with only three of them available each night. We started off with the following: Calf brain cream - this was a first for me, and I'm glad I gave it a shot. The brain is actually served in a squeeze tube, and smeared on bilinis with caviar. The brains were creamy, and wits flavor similar to liver. With the caviar, it was a harmonious and decedent bite. Get over the fear of brains and order this. Niku-uni - this one didn't quite hit the mark for me. I love uni, and e uni was a top quality part, but the chuck flap itself was not tender, and I found myself chewing it for a while after the rest of the components were gone. Skip this guy. Squid ink rice and sweet breads - this is kinda like a Japanese risotto I guess. I'm a sucker for risotto, a sucker for squid ink, and a sucker for sweetbreads, so needless to say, I loved this. My only comment here is that serving it on a leaf isn't really the best vehicle for delivery, but I'll give it a pass because it was such a good dish. The cow experience. Book this right now because it's just awesome. I can't recall all 16 pieces, but some of them included tongue, cheek, meat between the ribs, tail, heart, liver, sweetbreads, first, second, and fourth stomach, belly, short ribs, and intestines. My favorites by far were the second stomach and intestines. The second stomach is so tender and flavorful, and the intestines charred and fatty. I think we ended up ordering extras of both after. Also, all pieces were in the takashi marinate, and it's perfect. You need no other sauces or flavors. The service here deserves its own commentary. Our glasses were never empty for long, our reminders about cooking time were readily given, and here's when they went above and beyond: one of us had the unfortunate piece of sweetbread (which is pretty slimy and blobby when raw) fall through the cracks of the grill. When we told our waiter, he immediately got us another, no questions asked, no extra charge. Between the uniqueness of the cow experience, the deliciousness of the meats, and the outstanding service, this place is a must and absolutely deserving of five stars.
The best meat in the City.  Try whatever the lady recommends.
Nice cozy place with table and bar seating.  Prices are OK, but QUICKLY add up.  Spent $300+ (before tip) for 2 people. Get the following: Bone marrow and crawfish dumpling Calf's brain cream with blinis and caviar Grandmom's steamed beef shank buns Niku-Uni The tongue experience Kalbi Rosu (Ribeye) House-Smoked Beef Pancetta, Newborn Whitebait Fish and Monkfish Liver al Ajillo House Bresaola (Kobe Beef Prosciutto) with Blue Cheese, Hazelnut Apple Honey Soy Mustard U.S. Kobe Marbled Chuck-flat Steak (6oz) Carafe of Junmai Daiginjo (just asked for it and it was good)
The niku-uni.
Came here on a Tuesday night to meet up with an old friend. Not crowded and we were sat immediately. Ordered the niku-uni to start and chef's selection. The niku-uni was very interesting, I was a little perturbed when I had my first bite but appreciated after a few more bites. Uni, chuck flap, an unidentifiable leaf (VERY pronounced and unusual taste), rolled up in seaweed, unique flavor and texture combos. Chef's selection came with a variety of offal, hearts, livers, 1st and 4th stomachs, and sweetbreads. Favorite was probably the liver, marinated in some sort of sweet sauce, place on grill and cook to your preference. A small, intimate spot with a high quality selection of meats, recommend for a date date or friend date.
I was expecting... a little more?  Flavors were decent, but nothing spectacular. Prices were decent by NY standards, that is, until the portion come out. Our "dinner" became an appetizer, and an expensive one at that.
Decor: 3.5/5 -Limited seating at the bar -Unisex bathroom with the Toto toilet (love it!) -Tables with grills that can seat up to 6 adults (gets very hot) Service: 4/5 Food: 1/5 -Kobe Beef Belly was delicious - comes in 6 pieces -Premium thick tongue came in 8 pcs - way too tough to chew -Kobe meatball stuffed with foie gras in chocolate bbq sauce was disappointing. Small meatball for $24, not worth it. Chocolate bbq sauce masked the Kobe beef flavor. Felt like I was eating chocolate fondue.
still a popular restaurant in nyc, even among industry types.  the kalbi meat is so delicious.  korean japanese but much more korean focused, especially with the scallion vinaigrette salad with herb topping.  quality of the meat sublime and marinades superb.  rivals LA K-town. Yooke (thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce with quail egg) -- quality of tartare is amazing Gyutoro-Temaki Sushi (chuck flap hand-rolled sushi) -- yum Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi) -- only problem here is the large shiso leaf can be a bit overpowering (I'd use a smaller one) had kalbi, ribeye, and belly (self-cooking) -- order extra kalbi! Bakudan (rice-bomb with Korean seaweed and pickled sesame leaf) might want to go with adventurous eaters so you can try all the exotic bits and learn the difference between parts of the tongue and the third vs fourth stomach.
My friend took me here. I seriously meat overdosed the food was so good. Definitely a heavy protein type restaurant. We ordered 2 scallion salads through our meal to help with the meat. And I wish there were more side dishes. But honestly. The quality of the meat is worth every penny.
Off the heezy fo sheezy! Dont be scared of the offal here. It sounds weird but it's beef offal and it tastes more like beef than like organs. No really! I was very scared. Very very scared. But I gave it a shot and am so glad that I did. This is probably the only place that I've liked the sweetbreads. My friends are always trying to order sweetbreads and I'm always contesting and they always order it anyway and I'm sitting there with my grumpy face trying to eat it. Not here! Heaven! I can't remember all the items we ordered - beef heart, beef cheek? Anyway, it was probably half the menu. Save up some money and go go go!
This place is excellent. Best meat I've ever had (pretty much). As mush as I liked the organs, like heart and the neck, I think the regular ribeye cut was my favorite. I wish they had something other than rice to go with meat, but it's a minor thing. Also, the setting is down to earth, and so is the staff,  making it a very pleasant dining experience.
intrigued by the travel channel show, the layover, my boyfriend and i embarked upon the food journey to takashi just as anthony bourdain did. of course, the bf was smart to arrive 20min before opening to secure the best seats in the house - right in front of the raw bar chefs. we started with the niku uni and smoked liver pate with yuzu, which both were impeccable and like nothing i ever had before. flavors and textures were very well-played... the creamy uni on top of a fat, marbled tile of chuck flap with a fresh, minty shiso leaf to cut the richness, and a sheet of nori to add a little crackling/crunchy texture to the otherwise melted mouthful. and the thick, rich creamy liver pate with a hint of smoke and speckled with bright red peppercorns, smeared on crispy rice crackers had me going for bite after bite. i was so grateful for the waiter to serve up extra crackers as there was plenty of pate left. now for the great adventure - the meats and grill. we had no doubt in getting the kalbi (short rib) and rosu (rib eye). perfection, period. grilled meat heaven - i was there. we stepped it up with the hatsu (heart) and tsurami (cheek), which were pretty good as well. very clean and quite tender. but we regret ordering the tetchan (large intestines) as it is like all other animal intestines - bland and chewy. takashi is definitely as good as it gets. there are no likes that have drawn bourdain to its tables (yet). and by far, they have the most superior quality of beef and cuts. but this is certainly not a place to frequent for dinner. its the ultimate experience reserved for a special occasion when you feel daring and plan on spending.
I got out foodie by a non-foodie.  How does that work?  It's called, magic.   I love good surprises, I really do.  Big balloons, pleasant shouts from random strangers, a high-five, guess you can say, I've always felt really comfortable with a bright light shoved in my face.  Well, Takashi, you did not disappoint.   I was craving Korean, and well, non-foodie says, "oh, I've been here, it's really good." Just matter-of-fact, like grabbing a sammie at Subway or something.  So, I'm thinking it's another rando Korean restaurant, cool beans.  Ugh, no, it's frickin' the most amazing food, ever!  It's Anthony Bourdain, all day, everyday, twice on Sundays. So the menu is not for the faint of heart (literally).  They serve all kinda of animal body parts soaked in the most delicious sauces, and grilled to perfection.  For example, the fois gras with chocolate sauce?  Booyah.  Short beef ribs buns w/ scallions and love, topped w/ this spicy mayo.  Daddy.  And of course, the most juicy slab of prime beef bbq'ed in front of you (the waitress cooked it because we were lazy and she did one heck of a job).  If I wasn't drunk off two nyquils (and full), I could have eaten that entire thing.  Mind you, we were not that adventurous eating here, but people sitting next to us, were eating all kinds of "meats" and lovin' it!  I've just never been a huge fan of intestines.  Hearts - pretty darn tasty.  Chicken butt - excellent.  But, brains and livers, unless it's duck, not really my thing.   Yes, it's a Japanese-Korean fusion place, the menu is extremely creative, and if you're a foodie, or even if you're not, but like to just put things in your mouth (that's what he said), Takashi is worth every bite.   Out foodied by a non-foodie and I was pleasantly surprised?  Fist-bump worthyyyy.   *bow*
One of the most memorable meals in a very long time.....a true treat for beef lovers! We tried all the apps: Kobe Beef Burger stuffed with Foie Gras with Chocolate Sauce - super delicious.  The chocolate sauce is phenomenal!  The Foie Gras was a little over cooked but still loved the experience.  Def. worth a try.  I would highly recommend the Smoked Liver Pate with Yuzu - I am NOT a liver fan but the mix of flavors here is sensational.  It does not taste like liver at all.  My second def recommendation is the Bresaola - we could have eaten them all night! Finally, make sure you leave some room for grilling - the marinade is great, each slice of meat is perfectly seasoned and tenderized.  There is a lot of love put into the preparation of each meal. The only negative comment I'll give is ....what's with the Wrigley's gum at the end?  With all the love and care for each of their dishes - really?  There are definitely better palette cleansers than that!
To celebrate some good news, we decided to grab some meat at Takashi, a place which so craftily served us some delicious beef ramen just a week or two prior. For the run down on that, scroll down to the bottom of this review, or check out The Great Noodle Chase post on my website. This time around we wanted grilled beef the whole way. No broth. No noodles. Just the protein. And that's kinda what Takashi is all the fuck about! They ONLY serve beef. No pork. No fucking chicken. BEEF. And not only that, but it's all top notch kobe quality, and they ain't afraid to serve up the nasty bits - the offal. Fuck... This place even has testicles on the menu, and they have no shame in putting the words BEEF BALLS on the fucking menu! Needless to say, this fucking place is made for guys like me. First came some small dishes of Kim chi, bean sprouts and cabbage with soy ginger dressing. Yeah, I ate it... Next was the raw sea urchin on top of a nice slice of kobe chuck flap with wasabi, shiso leaf and seaweed paper. This dish is called niku-uni. It was really clean and delicious. I could easily eat a dozen of these shits, no problem. Then came the soft beef shank steamed buns with spicy mayo and scallions. These were tender and juicy, and fucking packed with bold flavor. Then there was this awesomeness. Aged kobe prosciutto (whaaaaaat!?!!) with thinly sliced blue cheese and micro scallions, topped with a soy hazelnut honey mustard seed jam. It was earthy and robust. The characteristic aged flavors were highlighted with a nutty, funky-ass barnyard kick from the cheese. Yet it didn't destroy the pallette. Props to the chef. Then the grill heated up and the meats came out. Essentially the grill is just a heater coil element like what you have inside an electric oven. I think NYC has some shitty law that bans open flames in dining areas. So this is not technically the traditional open flame yakatori style you find in Japan, but it did fill the craving for grilled meat. All of the meats were marinated in the house special Takashi sauce, and served with a small dish of sesame oil for dipping. They could have maybe brought out some lettuce leaves to wrap the meat, or a crunch element like fried crispy onion or shallot to sprinkle on top. The meat by itself was good, but I can see how maybe some people would want to mix up the textures a little bit. Beef belly was the first plate of yum to come. Delicious. Not too chewy, not too fatty. It was cut about a quarter inch thick. We ordered the chef's selection of meats as well. Here's what came in that plate: The front left is 1st stomach (cows have 4 stomachs, morons). It was chewy, and we were warned that this would be a lot of mouth work to get through. Why even serve it this way, I wonder? Better to braise it slow and low I would think. On the front right we have beef heart. It cooked up like a very lean meat: good for a nice quick even sear. The back right is 4th stomach. This was way more tender, thicker, juicier and flavorful than 1st stomach. That's liver on the back left. This was my least favorite. It was gamey, mealy, and very irony. I guess for my taste, liver is best served in pate form. In the center are the sweetbreads. These glands were creamy and smooth. Very nice, with a great crisp. The last meat we tried were the cheeks. This was the best of them all. It was sliced thin like bacon, and they crisped up nicely on the grill. Perfect. Then we saw the table next to get the nose to tail beef platter. Fucking bastards. We asked for it when we sat but they said we needed 4 people to order. Bullshit. We definitely could have finished it all, and I wouldn't have minded paying 60pp for two instead of 30pp for four. Oh well. Maybe if there's 4 of us next time... Dessert was Madagascar vanilla soft serve ice cream, topped with soft chewy mochi balls, soy powder, sweet red beans, gold leaf and salted caramel sauce. Thankfully the sauce was served on the side. It was too bitter for our liking. The ice cream itself was great, and good with the sweet beans. Pretty solid meal. It was a little pricey, but definitely enjoyable. I'd definitely go back to try out some more shit. MIDNIGHT RAMEN Real deal beef ramen DOES exist. I heard about some late night ramen joint in the west village called Takashi that serves up an all-beef broth ramen on Friday and Saturday nights only, from 12:00am to 2:00am. It was tough, but I ended up getting a seat for my wife and I to slurp up some of this delicious shit. We started with some beer and took in the surroundings: As I mentioned, it's a beef broth, but it contains crispy beef intestines, FUCKING BRAISED KOBE BEEF BELLY!!!, a soft boiled egg, and alkaline ramen noodles. The little blob of red you see in the middle is the spicy paste that my wife got with her bow
We had gotten to the restaurant before it even opened and there was a line of probably about 25 people deep.  When we finally reached the hostess, the couple in front of us was told that it was an hour and a half wait.  This place is seriously popular!!!   Once inside the restaurant, 6 of us were squeezed into a table that really only fits 4.  They added an extension to the table so that it connected with the table next to us but image 3 big guys trying to squeeze into a spot for 2.  It just didn't work but did we care?  No.  We were just happy to be there and ready to try the amazing food.  And amazing it was.  We started with the Niku-Umi, which was super delish and then a couple of other appetizers such as the oxtail pie, which tasted very strongly of curry and the Kobe burger with chocolate sauce.  The rest of the meal, we had the chef''s selectioin of meat which included stomach and sweetbread, the tongue experience and a couple of other meat selections.  The waitress gave us pointers while we were bbqing since we weren't sure how to cook some of the meats since we've never bbq them before.  Almost every dish, we were oohh and ahhing.  The tongue experience was definitely an experience but as long as you forget that you're eating tongue, you'll realize that it' actually quite good.  We probably ordered about 7 dishes and multiples of appetizers since they were small and 3 orders of dessert, which came out to about $60/pp after tip and tax.  The portions aren't very large and you'll probably feel full afterwards but in about an hour, you'll be hungry again!
the food is amazing. white rice is on the right firmness, beef is superb.  but the line is very very long, 2.5 hours at friday night for 2 people.
I had read about Takashi some time ago as the place to go for all sorts of tasty cuts of meat, as well as some more exotic dishes if you're feeling adventurous. After a couple years, I finally managed to venture out here with my fiancee this past weekend. It's not a huge space, and it definitely has a lot more seating options for parties larger than 2 - so I'd suggest you actually come here in a group. Otherwise, you'll probably have to get lucky like we did and get a seat at the bar (kind of like sitting at a sushi bar), which seems almost specifically designed for 2 people. The service is pretty solid - the waiters here have a very good grasp of the menu and, more importantly, how long you need to cook everything - this is pretty important on these various cuts of meat, as overcooking (in particular) can easily ruin the experience. And although the hostess can take your coat for you, it's up to you to fetch it from the closet behind the bar - so if you'd rather not sort through and figure out which coat is yours (you don't get a ticket either), you're probably better off keeping it with you. As for the food, it's pretty straightforward - you can order cooked appetizers or raw meat dishes (like tartare), along with different cuts of meat to grill in front of you - very much like Korean BBQ. We didn't want to go too adventurous our first time here, so we started out with the niku-uni (sea urchin on top of a cut of raw chuck) and the foie gras burger in chocolate BBQ sauce. While the niku-uni looks amazing, and the sea urchin does taste pretty good, I wasn't blown away - mainly because the chuck doesn't really have a distinguishing taste. By the time you get down to the meat, it's overpowered by the flavor of the shiso leaf as well. The burger is really more like a meatball (it comes in a mini cast-iron pot with no bun), but it's delicious. The beef is really good quality, and the foie gras isn't overpowering - just enough to up the fatty level. Combined with a slightly spiced BBQ sauce that has an overpowering chocolate flavor, and you get a dish that is either an appetizer or dessert but is absolutely delicious as either. For the main course, we ended up choosing 3 cuts of meat - the beef belly, the cheek, and the 'tongue experience', which is comprised of 3 different parts of beef tongue. For the uninitiated, the cheek was closest to a regular cut of meat, and it's really good with the salt rub. You only sear it for half a minute on each side, but it's basically like a more succulent, richly-flavored version of bacon. The belly was amazing...it's different from pork belly in that it's definitely fattier, but it just melts in your mouth with each bite. As for the tongue...it's quite an experience indeed. My favorite cut is the second one (it's the one that looks most like a regular piece of meat on the plate) - it doesn't fall apart in your mouth, but it's not overly chewy. The main part of the tongue has a tough texture, particularly if you cook it too long (which I did). The tongue tip is definitely the most 'meaty' part of the tongue and has an interesting texture, to say the least. I will say that the sauces really do work well to add flavor to all of the meats - they do a very good job in adding a dash of flavor to the different cuts. I'd also recommend the red wine that's oak aged and has a smokey aroma (I forget what it's called) - it really, really works well with all the beef that you eat at the meal. In all, Takashi is a place where you can eat all sorts of interesting and different kinds of meats. Most of the dishes were delicious, but there are others that I wasn't as big a fan of, mainly in the context of price. If anything, my main complaint would be that the appetizers feel very overpriced next to the main courses. The niku uni is $24 - very reasonable for 4 pieces, but given the flavor of the chuck gets lost amongst everything else, I definitely didn't feel like I ate $24 worth of 'sushi'. The beef burger was delicious, but at $20 - it was quite expensive given the size. If you're looking to keep expenses at a reasonable level, just stick with the main meat dishes. You won't necessarily get the huge portions you might at some joint in K-Town, but you're also getting a lot of different meats that you very well won't find anywhere else.
To enjoy Takashi, one must fully embrace his or her inner carnivore and indulge without prejudice against offal, since it is, without question, the star of the show here.  If you can't handle offal, they do offer some "normal" cuts.  But really, don't even bother coming here if that's the case.  Just don't.  There are many other places to go get traditionally boring food. When you enter, one of the first things you might wonder is whether Takashi is a Japanese restaurant (since the name sounds it), or if it's a Korean BBQ house (as the grills at each table would suggest).  The short answer is both!  It's called Yakiniku, which started in Osaka, Japan, by Korean immigrants. Therefore, it's no surprise that Chef Takashi is an ethnic Korean from Osaka, and he has graced New York with this special delicacy from his hometown. The menu has a lot of options and can be a little intimidating, especially if you don't know what to get because too many things sound good (as was my table's case).  To make it easy, we simply let the staff handle the ordering decisions for us, and we were not disappointed.  The selections were brought to the table one at a time, with each new offering seemingly better than the last.  And thanks to the amount of Soju I drank, it's too difficult for me to recall all of the dishes that were consumed over two hours, however, some honorable mentions include the Calf's Brain Cream (with blinis & caviar), the Yooke (chuck eye tartare in special sauce), the Niku-Uni (chuck flap topped with sea urchin and fresh wasabi), the Tsurami (cheek), the Tongue Experience, the Tetchan (large intestines), and lastly, the three stomach choices listed on the menu.   As for some other details about the restaurant...  It's not too big nor too small, but is warm & inviting and has a very Japanese feel thanks to the extensive use of wood throughout the interior.  The service is first class.  Again, we had the staff make our ordering decisions for us, and they were extremely attentive and friendly.  They also went into great detail explaining each dish along with recommended grilling times, etc. If you're adventurous and looking to try something new that will be memorable and delicious, definitely consider Takashi.  I'm already planning my next visit!
Wow! Takashi is absolutely one of the most unique and interesting restaurants in the City. First, the menu is beef and nothing but. Not only that, Takashi excels in both Japanese and Korean beef preparations, which reflect the heritage of the man behind it - Chef Inoue Takashi. Most dishes are prepared on individual table-top grills, that is used for both offal and prime cuts. That said, the taste comes from impeccable beef found and selected by Takashi, as well as masterful marinades and cures. Takashi is not for everyone, however - most offal cuts may be downright scary for some ( try liver sashimi, or dishes made with every part of beef stomach). Also, the dining room is quite small, and table space gets pretty hot from the heat-blasting grills. I can't tell you how interesting, intriguing and adventurous the meal at Takashi really was, it was also exceptionally tasteful and satisfying. Takashi is not to miss, just keep your mind open and enjoy the ride. Please enjoy the Takashi pictures here: flickr.com/photos/nickna…
This wasn't one of the typical and super popular restaurants that is usually recommended to visitors.  It wasn't recommended to me, but I am sure glad that I found this wonderful gem and tried it during my first visit to NYC. The food and service were both on point!  Quality of the food was excellent, my favorite dishes were: Niku-Uni - this is a MUST HAVE, especially if you love uni like I do!  pieces of chuck flap topped with sea urvhin, mmm! Yooke - my ultimate favorite at Japanese BBQ joints!  raw, thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare with a raw qual egg in a special sauce Tsurami - cheek Shio-Tan - tongue beef belly I wish I was able to try everything! Because I wasn't able to, I am definitely coming back here the next time I make a trip to NYC :)
Amazing place!
What an awesome experience. Casual but sophisticated. I think the Uni/Kobe dish is probably overrated as the flavor of the uni really takes over anything else. But the pork buns....to die for. Rib eye also absolutely delicious. Fun place. Get there early.
Very solid offering of innovative, fresh and good food. I am trying to lay off meats but if you have a stomach for alternative cuts of meat this is a good go to place.
My boyfriend and I came here on a warm night in August. I knew we were going to an all beef eatery, but I had no plans on trying any raw beef. Until I did. And it was great. We basically lucked out and with no reservation got a table right away (which is apparently really rare). We had a corner table and it was intimate, cool, and exciting all at the same time. The waitress asked us what we wanted and neither of us had any idea what to order. She seemed pretty reliable so she told us what to get and it definitely did NOT disappoint. This was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had! We ordered the Grandmom's Steamed Beef Shank Buns first which were SO good! We then had U.S. Kobe Marbled Chuck-flat Steak (6oz) and the Yooke (thinly-sliced chuck eye tartare in special sauce). Everything was delicious. I liked the idea of cooking everything yourself on the grill in front of you. It makes for an exciting and adventurous evening meal without the actual fuss of cooking. I would definitely come back here again and would recommend to anyone in or visiting NYC that is up for new and exciting flavors.
Beef beef beef!! If you like beef (and I don't mean just steak) this place is for you. Stopped in on this gem of a restaurant today and definitely will come back. The menu is divided into Raw (and by raw we mean raw beef), Yakiniku (DIY bbq with either salt and pepper or the delicious takashi sauce), Shabu-shabu, and sides, etc. The menu is adventurous, eclectic and delicious. Not for your regular meat and potatoes eater because everything in the Raw section is delicious raw beef only (my favorite is the light and delicate but flavorful raw beef topped with uni on a shiso leaf and crispy seaweed) and the Yakiniku section includes not just your regular rib eye and skirt steak cuts of meat, but your more adventurous intestine, cheek, sweetbreads, etc.), but if you're an adventurous eater, well worth the visit. My favorites? While the make-your-own raw beef hand roll was fun to make, and the tongue was deliciously chewy and flavorful - I still enjoyed the kalbi with takashi sauce best. Simple and delicious. Fyi - not that it really matters, but they have one of those cool automated japanese toilets in their bathroom.
