Jeff's Midnight Street Food tour did not disappoint! Our group consisted of two locals and one visitor, all of whom enjoy activities that are a bit more laid back and off the beaten path.  Jeff's knowledge of the area, genuine friendliness and curiosity allows him to make each tour unique. Over the course of three hours, we tried a range of delicious Mexican, Ecuadorian and Colombian food at nine different venues.  The vibe was relaxed but informative, like a friend was taking us around to his favorite spots.  We even made an interesting unscheduled stop at a historical building in the neighborhood. I would recommend this trip to locals and tourists alike. This tour is a great choice for anyone interested in having a unique experience and learning about a neighborhood that is still uncharted territory for many New Yorkers.
Jeff and his tour of Queens was so awesome! In a group of 3, Jeff led us Around the World in Queens with stops in Little Bangladesh, Tibet, Nepal, Mexico, Peru, Italy, and Thailand (those are the ones I can remember). Our tour was slightly longer and different than most of Jeff's other ones because a documentary crew was following him as part of a story on Jackson Heights. Besides being followed by a film crew, Jeff made the tour feel intimate and honest. He acknowledged what he knows and doesn't knows and focused the excursion on the people and culture. One of my favorite parts was the flexibility in the places. He truly customizes the stops based on where people are from and what we were craving while keeping a sense of adventure and newness. This was my first food tour and I'm not sure I'll have one quite as good as Jeff's. Even my incredibly picky best friend enjoyed every bit and bite of Queens.
We found a recommendation for jefferey on Chowhound.com where the locals said he was the go to guide for ethnic eats. I've never had so many tastes of different ethnic foods in one afternoon! He took us to his favorite tiny hole in the wall shops and places we never ever would have found on our own- who knew I loved Columbian choladas??? Highly recommended for locals and tourists alike.
We had a great time on Jeff's Tastes of the World tour. Our group included 1 New Yorker, 2 tourists and 2 recent transplants. We visited a bunch of shops and restaurants all serving delicious food and Jeff gave us great insights into the culture and cuisines of each place. I left full but hungry for more!
This was easily one of the best adventures I've had in New York. Jeff is a great tour guide -- really interesting stories, knows the neighborhood, and he clearly cares about the people and businesses that he takes you to see. We spent a few hours walks down Roosevelt Ave, stopping at a whole bunch of different places and tasting things from Mexico, Colombia, Ecuador, the Dominican Republic, and a few other things. He talked to everyone we met and told us a little bit about the foods we were trying. It was a really great way to explore another part of New York City and try some truly excellent Latin American food. I would go again in a heartbeat!
I did Jeff's midnight street food tour and it was 20 blocks/3 hours of the best Latin American street food you'll ever have in a really interesting, authentic neighborhood in New York. Highly recommended.
Jeff's tour is amazing! Instead of tasting food at famous restaurants in easily accessible neighborhoods, he takes you on a culinary adventure through an area virtually unknown to outsiders. Had I arrived on Roosevelt Ave myself, I doubt I would have been able to navigate the endless string of street carts and food trucks. That's why it's so amazing to have Jeff -- a real interpreter of food -- to show the way. We had a variety of dishes ranging from tamales to tacos to fruit juices to shaved ice, all of which were delicious. I'll definitely come back for another tour because Jeff changes the route constantly. These aren't restaurants -- most of them are people who sell food you would normally get in their homes! Big thanks to Jeff for an amazing tour and for opening my eyes to cuisine I may have made the mistake of bypassing for something more familiar.
"If I ever go looking for my heart's desire again, I won't look any further than my own back yard."  -- L. Frank Baum 'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz' When Jeffrey explained that mostly tourists and non-New Yorkers participate in his food tours, it took me a bit by surprise. Knowing that Queens is one of the most diverse cultural pockets in the world, it only stands to reason that the more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know.  The playground of Jackson Heights is just a train station or two away from the rest of Queens (and Manhattan), and one of the most thrilling and vibrant neighborhoods in NYC. To randomly roam through Jackson Heights would be a an adventure of all of the senses, but one that could last for days, weeks, even months if unguided... that is if you truly want to the scratch beyond the surface. The gift of Jeffrey's extensive knowledge, experience, and personal relationships offers a unique passport to a world that would be otherwise daunting. In just a few hours, we sampled cuisines, visited stores, and explored the cultures of Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Tibet, Italy, Peru, Colombia, and Mexico.  Around every corner was a smiling face eager to see Jeffrey and share their world with our tour.  It is immediately evident that he has nurtured relationships and fostered trust from shopkeepers and business owners all over the neighborhood--a neighborhood in which he also lives. Jeffrey personally tailored a tour for us that catered to our own personal interests, with close to fifteen fascinating stops... dumpling shops tucked in the back of mobile phone dealerships, artifact stores beneath street level, hidden schools where immigrants learn the ins and outs of running a taxi cab, and street vendors who must struggle to provide a quality product while maintaining relationships with storefronts for the permission the vend on the sidewalk. Jeffrey is extremely approachable, and crafts a tour that while structured, feels very natural and organic.  Often other tours can seem over-produced or touristy, sometimes plastic.  Jeffrey's is authentic, comfortable, natural, and a deliciously eye-opening exploration of the cultures, people, and foods that make Queens one of the most exciting melting pots on Earth.
I finally took Jeff's Midnight Food Tour on a drizzly night in December.  Even though I live in the area, I had never ventured on foot beyond 90th Street, where the tour begins. Apart from the starting point at Maravillas restaurant (where a Mexican gentleman in a cowboy hat was belting out Karaoke), all the other venues were either street carts or food trucks.  It was a veritable Cook's tour of South American cuisines,  from Mexico (various regions) through the Columbia and Ecuador, with a detour through the Dominican Republic. Some of it was expected - Tacos in various forms - but much of it was a revelation, like the Esquites outside the Flor Deli.  For the uninitiated,esquites is a combination of sweet corn, mayo, queso fresca , lime and chili - sounds unappetizing, but is really delicious.  Other highlights were the Carnitas Tacos from the Juan Bar (where the chef is the famous Tortas guy - note to self: come back and try his Puma torta), Pork tamale from the Elmhurst Ave tamale cart, and Patacon from the Chimi Express Dominican truck. Jeff is friendly with all the vendors, some of whom greet him like a long lost brother. It is that level of commitment to developing relationships that sets him apart and makes his tours a truly insider experience.
The "Trick Or Eat!" was sooo bad-ass, Jeff O. you are the best. First I want to thank Jeff for putting so much time into the event; some of the restaurant owners said Jeff was most persistent in recruiting them. And I thank you for standing out in the cold for 4+ hours taking care of all the participants as they stager out of the subway then stager back after a couples of hours to say goodbye. And I thank you standing firm while the pigeons dive bomb you for 4+ hours because they think your Rocky Balboa costume makes a great target. And I thank you not laughing at me when I asked if you were recently injuried in an accident; I was so stupid to not recognized your Rocky costume, duh! Even the pigeons knew. Now on to my food comments (rating is by the number of * ; with 5* the max):   5.55* Café Noodle 83-29:  a full four course meal; delicious, fantastic and the best of the treats.  Spicy tender Lamb stir fry; mini rolls, mango chicken and spicy shrimp stir fry. (forgot name of the dishes) 5* Elmhurst Mex 80-03: a whole 8 oz. of fresh juice! Fantastic energy so you can keep moving and eating. 5* Cilantro 81-10:  delicious mini soft taco with your choice of stuffing and fixing and a 2 oz. drink. 5* My Thai 83-47 Dongon: 2-3 oz. of delicious Pad Thai noodles 4* Fay Da 8612 Justice: delicious mini chocolate cakecups 4* Sweet Yummy: peanuts, inters and spicy cabbage (was that Kim chi?) ; tasty! Hot for some in our group. 4* La Fusta 8032 Baxter: delicious empanadas with fresh cilantro & garlic; they are homemade:  the cute host said so. 4* Poly Thai 81-40:  hot delicious spring rolls; yummy and good 4* Boon Chu 83-18:  The ice cream was great after some spicy dishes. 4* Java Village 8610 Justice:  2 delicious sample of food 3* Dunkin' Donuts 81-21:  a pair of Halloween munchkins; more sugar! 3* Bella Pizza:  a sample of cheese pizza; 1/8 of a slice; cold. 3* Yi Mei Bakery 81-24:   good mini buds or spong cake. 3* Coco Malaysian 82-69:  spicy chicken; tasty. 3* Hot Pot 83-05:  pancake samples; good 3* Quckly:   sample of bubble tea with noodles?; it was good. 3* Carniceria Colombia 84-08:  samples of meat 0* Gino's Pizza- warn by others that Gino was just accepting "Trick or Eat" until after 4PM. (I love to heard what everyones ratings are!) I cannot ask for a better Halloween Sunday with my daughter who came with me. I did miss seeing my Yelp-friends but I did make some new friends like Mike L. and other soon to be Yelpers. My cost for today's food fest- $1 (see, you can get a lot for a $1) Thanks Jeff O.
Jeff should be renamed as ELMER, (not the chicken comic book -which really really exists! ow.ly/5uW5b my friend wrote it) but ELMER as in ELMER'S GLUE. He is the glue that started my eating social life to what it is now. You see, I really really owe Jeff and his wonderful events. Thanks to him, I met a bunch of really good friends in the neighborhood. Ya wanna eat something new/strange/huge/spicy? Ask him. He will come with you.
Even as a native Queens resident who has lived and eaten in the area for nearly a decade, there are still a myriad of carts and low key spots that I've walked by countless times on Roosevelt. That's where Jeff comes in - he knows not only what spots are the ones to check out, but also will shed some light on what to look for. The midnight crawl is awesome and I was able to sample tamales, cafe de olla and colada morada just to name a few within minutes of my place. The great part is that the itinerary will seemingly change frequently by season, availability of food or vendor at the time and input from the group. Although this was my first tour experience with Jeff, I have the feeling that no two Midnight crawls will be exactly alike. He comes armed with not only the knowledge of the places and good relationships with several of the proprietors, but also cups and spoons to enable smooth sharing of the food and drinks. Highly recommend, whether you are a newcomer, tourist or a grisled vet of the city.
Jeffrey does a Queens Midnight Food Tour (bit.ly/oF9tRa) and a Queens Tastes of the World Tour (bit.ly/w0gvjY). He's highly knowledgeable about the ins and outs of the food scene and even knows many of the purveyors. He appreciates cultural expression through food and is patient, really taking the time to get to know the vendors so that they can give him the inside scoop. During my time in Queens with him, he introduced me to types of food that I had never had before and gave me a truly unique insider perspective.
We were a group of seven Long Island ladies who decided to be adventurous  and go to a part of Queens  that we had not been to before. We used the LIRR and the E train so the transportation was easy. . We tasted 8 different cuisines while only walking a few blocks in any direction. The food was tasty, the restaurant owners were friendly and Jeff did a great job guiding us. It was a lot of fun and we were very full by the end of the tour.
I engaged Jeff to organize a private tour for my wife's birthday and our friends, all of whom live in NYC. The experience he provided was incredible. With all of the knowledge that Jeff gave us during the tour, we will definitely continue to explore Queens and all it has to offer. If you are adventurous, enjoy food or if you want to spend the day in a part of the city packed with all different cultures, this is the tour for you.
Jeffrey knows his Queens Foods! He also has a great NYC Pizza App. His Midnight Crawls are lots of fun!  Everyone shares, you can try lots of food and get to know the neighborhood really well. Jeffrey is Super Nice, I've always had a nice time, whenever he organizes an outing.  He goes out of his way to ensure everyone has a fun time.
My daughter and I took Jeff's Midnight Food Tour. He was a perfect host, to the point and engaging. He took us to the best street carts in the area which included food from Mexico, Columbia and Ecuador. He made us feel welcome amongst the locals by introducing us individually to all the vendors. Each cart we visited provided us with generous servings of their delicious fair - more than we could eat! Jeff also gave us a good insight into the people and culture behind the food; how they work and live with their families in the Queens area. Book it!
My family, (2 from London, 2 from CA) took the Queen's Tastes of the World tour with Jeff Orlick. We did not know what to expect and had no idea of what Queen's had to offer. We had a wonderful experience (our food choices being toward spicey) being led to places we never would have found on our own as well as taken into grocery stores, local shops,and a tiny shop eating with the family and their adorable baby. We all agreed this was a great experience and would highly recommend Jeff as your local knowledgeable guide to an out of the box New York experience. We will send many a friend to this tour. Lory T
I was going to spend Halloween catching up with a married couple in Queens.  On a whim we signed up to go with Jeff on this Trick or Eat foray in Elmhurst.  Jeff did a great job organizing and standing at the park the whole day directing people.  We had plenty to eat and a wide array of items.   I was pretty much stuffed by the end of the tour and the cost was $1 as it was $10 per group and we joined other people to make a group of ten.  It was a good day of catching up with old friends and making new ones over food.  Everyone in our group had a good time that day!  Thanks everyone for the pictures!
Jeff took 14 of our students and 2 staff members (from The Renaissance Charter School) on a food walking tour of Jackson Heights. Because we are a school, and have limited funds, he gave us a huge discount, both this year and last. Jeff is extremely knowledgeable about the restaurants, the neighborhood, and the cuisines. He is friends with all of the restaurant and food cart owners. He was sensitive to our topic of "changing communities, changing foods",  and curtailed the tour to fit our needs. This being my second year on the tour, I expected to go to all of the same spots. However, many of the places he took us to were new to me. He related really well to our students. Jeff is a gem to this neighborhood!
Had a great experience on this tour - I feel like it's a must do for anyone looking to see (and taste!) the heart of NYC's diversity. Without Jeff as our fantastic guide, it would have been challenging to navigate our way through the neighbourhoods. We found the food to be great - delicious and authentic - but the experience itself was also really fun. One minute we'd be in a hole in the wall restaurant, then a side of the road food truck or being led into a mobile phone shop for momos! The best part for me was also learning about the area and gaining an appreciation of the food through Jeff's special knowledge of the context - history, immigration, laws - as well as his interactions with the vendors. It was incredibly interactive and spontaneous, as we were able to ask questions at any time, encouraged to chat with vendors and able to 'design' the tour the way we wanted depending on our preferences or cravings! If you love trying food from all over the world and want to do that all in one place,  I would definitely recommend this tour - Jeff is a highly knowledgeable, super genuine and friendly, which makes for a personalized, authentic and fun experience!
Me, my wife, and another couple took Jeffrey's Queens midnight crawl this Summer where we sampled food from 90th street and roosevelt ave to 111th street (just west of Citi Field). Most of our cuisine was from Ecuador, Mexico, and Colombia. Everything we ate was really good, especially the last stop which was the Torta guy. Might be the best sandwich we've ever had. Lots of veggie dishes, some fish, and an assortment of different beverages were also sampled. Me and my buddy are huge eaters and we were stuffed afterwards. Jeff told us all about the area, where the folks come from, how they start their business, how they get hassled by the police, and how they treat their food carts and trucks, which i must say for the most party are very clean. I'd love to do Jeff's Western Queens excursion as well. It felt like Jeff was just one of us and didn't play the know-it-all food snob like most food tour guides. Highly recommended.
this kicked ass thanks for organizing jeff!
I have never made a tour with Jeffrey that hasn't been enlightening, laughter filled, and incredibly satisfying.  He knows all the right places, and all the right people for the very best food.
This was a great slightly offbeat tour of a fascinating neighborhood generally overlooked  by tourists to NYC.  Jeff took us on a tasting adventure through India/Asia/South America/Mexico & of course Italy.  Each stop was a revelation as  Jeff explained the ingredients & history of what we were eating, it was a cultural tour through food of many countries I will probably never get to visit first hand. Jeff was a knowledgeable & charming host to this wonderful world.
Jeff's tours are a great experience for both neighborhood newcomers and well-versed culinary adventurers. What makes them so special is Jeff's approach to local communities - he cares about sharing culture through food, supporting local businesses, and creating dialogues between them and new customers. To do that, he's spent years developing strong, authentic relationships with local businesses and paying those relationships forward on both ends by making both the entrepreneurs and customers comfortable with one another and creating a richer experience on both sides, too. Oh, and obviously the food is delicious - on Jeff's tours you'll get a wide range of morsels, including all the stuff you'd never think to order that's actually that vendor's hometown specialty. Best of all, Jeff educates you to be a better customer - what to look for in a great vendor, what to ask, and generally reminding you to be a human being and encouraging you to have human interactions with vendors, even if there may be a language barrier. Thanks for all the amazing experiences, Jeff!
