U30X is a life changer.  I'm already planning my next trip! The Under30Experiences team takes the hassle out of planning a trip, manages all the travel details, and caters to the needs of the group. I was fortunate enough to travel to Iceland this October and meet an extraordinary group of people. Iceland is a beautiful country and the daily excursions did not disappoint. We were able to do a ton of stuff in a short 5 days without feeling rushed from one spot to the next. A crucial reason I chose this trip was to partake in activities I normally would not do (i.e. glacier walk). I hiked a freaking glacier. I still can't believe it. Luckily, there are hundreds of pictures to prove that I actually conquered that quest. Another huge impact that made this trip special was knowing I made lifelong friends that I never would have met without U30X. Needless to say, I was pushed outside of my comfort zone, shared unique memories with new friends, and cannot stop talking about how great Under30Experiences is to my fellow wanderlust friends. Saying our goodbyes at the airport was bittersweet; I really did not want this trip to come to an end. I cannot wait to see what Matt and Jared have in store for future U30X trips. Adventure awaits, go find it.
My Iceland trip with Under30Experiences was incredible. I would recommend Iceland to anyone and I would recommend U30X to anyone. Iceland terrain is just crazy amazing. Like breathtaking landscape everywhere you look. The fact that there are so many waterfalls and rainbows there makes you wonder if an imaginative little girl designed this country :). But it is seriously so breathtaking and majestic, I was constantly in awe. The people there are all also so kind and helpful. I loved engaging with the local culture. I really respect the program that U30X has built. Each trip is so uniquely crafted so that you can do just as it says in the name--EXPERIENCE. They tend to plot the ventures around holidays so you don't need to take too much time out of work. And the price is set to allow young people to take advantage of the opportunity. Check out each destination page on their website and they do a great job at breaking down all the activities in advance. But then our time is also well balanced to allow us to both explore and relax. Something I didn't expect was that I'd adore the people I was with so much. I went on the trip knowing two girls already, but more than anything I just wanted to soak up the scenery alone and really reflect. But then I was taken by surpise by these 18 strangers who I connected with and laughed with and just hung out with. I don't remember that last time I had that much fun. I would 100% do this again. I've felt this stagnancy and lack of adventure in my life recently and that was more than conquered through this trip. I left feeling refreshed and fulfilled. WHY NOT
Check all the boxes with U30X when looking for the best way to travel - adventure, cultural immersion, relaxation, and excellent food and people. Affordable and easy to book, U30X provides the best (and perhaps only?) opportunity for young professionals to hit the "I want to discover or rediscover parts about myself while simultaneously traveling around the world and meeting a host of new friends" button. I went to Bali on my first trip with the company. Hindu temples, volcano hike, massages, local meals, monkeys, rice paddies, waterfall swim, beaches, unbeatable hotel accommodations, and great like-minded people from around the world? Best of luck having more fun in the office. I am still uncertain how to answer people when they ask "What was the best part of the trip?" The answer lies somewhere in the business formula that U30X has created - there is not just one activity or one meal that makes the trip so memorable - it is the entire experience. I will remember that week forever and I plan on traveling through the company again soon.
By the end of day 2, I was sold on another trip with U30X. There really isn't anything else that needs to be said. This company provides an experience like none other
What a great adventure! Explore Iceland with U30X was an unforgettable experience - learning the Icelandic culture and hiking a glacier and a volcano in the same trip! This trip crossed many things off my bucket list and to share all these amazing experiences with a new group of people makes the adventure all the more exciting.   The U30X team created an incredible itinerary, showing the group some local gems that I never would have traveled to on my own. The environment they create on the trip focuses on "something for everyone" and it truly lives up to that expectation. Explore Iceland pushed me out of my comfort zone and I can't thank the U30X team enough for providing that outlet for myself and the rest of my group. Needless to say, I'm already planning another trip with U30X and can't wait for the next adventure!
I can't say enough good things about Under30Experiences. And yes - you can be over 30 to go :) I just went on the Iceland trip this October and it was the perfect vacation.  The group leaders planned everything out perfectly and I instantly felt welcomed into the group.  I didn't know anyone on the trip, but quickly made "fast friends."  Everyone on the trip is in the mindset to have fun, meet new people and go see some amazing sites.  The relaxed culture of the company makes everyone feel at ease and creates a great group dynamic from the start - even with a group of 14 people from all across the country with very diverse backgrounds.  I truly feel like I've made friends for life. Under30Experiences is so thoughtful about every detail of the trip - from where you stay (no packing and unpacking every day at a different location), to what you see and when.  We did a glacier walk our last full day on the trip, for a reason.  It was challenging and everyone had become so close by that point that we all had each other for support and help.  You'll also get to see some local gems that the CEO has scouted out that you may never have thought to do if you went on your own.   The company has a perfect balance of an organized trip without being over-planned.  I never felt like I was being rushed to the next thing, and we had plenty of down time to relax and do what we wanted to do.   I'm already planning my next trip!
Explore Iceland was one of the best trips I have ever been on. I was apprehensive about the group environment, as I usually stick to a small circle of friends. However, I was surprised to find out how much I genuinely liked my fellow travelers; we are still in touch and are planning to reunite soon. Iceland is a breathtakingly beautiful country and I don't think I would have been able to confidently navigate it without the help of U30X. I'm sure I wouldn't have packed in as much adventure, either. I highly recommend Under 30 Experiences to anyone who is even remotely interested in traveling. This was an unforgettable trip.
U30X is essentially a young adult retreat for young and budding professionals looking to surround themselves with equally interesting and driven people. You're immersed with a group of new people that truly shine--mindful, thoughtful, intelligent, and seeking personal growth. Combine that with the tremendous locations (I partook in a U30X Starter Costa Rica trip) they offer, and you've got one hell of a vacation! You're afforded ample opportunities to explore both the setting and the personalities of the folks you're traveling with. What makes this extremely easy to do is the great coordination by the U30X team. You literally show up, keep an open mind, and go with the flow! It is most definitely an experience traveling with U30X, and one that provides you with plenty of insight from being in a new country and/or meeting lots of new people. You'll keep in touch with your group afterwards, too; it's a chance to take the insights from a U30X trip and all the awesome people you've met, and translate that into your daily life. Need to refresh? Need to restart? Need to renew? Or just in need of a multi-faceted adventure? U30X is the way to go. THANK YOU UNDER30EXPERIENCES!
My experience with U30X was more amazing than I could have imagined. I originally didn't know what to expect other than meeting a great group of people, but I accomplished things I never would have otherwise considered. Things like finding yoga near a scenic riverfront after climbing up a mountain through the jungle in pitch black darkness with just a dog and a flashlight, all to see the sunrise above a volcano; only after losing my glasses kayaking in the lake nearby, after zigzag zip lining across mountains... within 36 hrs. (there were 3 other days...) Even the smallest details were type epic. I'm glad for the new friends I've made, the memories created and the renewed wanderlust generated from taking this trip. It's a must-do.
In life, there are dreamers and doers. U30X is for the dreamers who want to be doers. It takes a certain sense of risk-taking, and willingness to step out of your comfort zone to go on a trip where you know no one. Experiences like this are where you learn about others, and in doing so learn about yourself. I could go on for paragraphs about what this trip did for me, but that would defeat the purpose in what I'm saying. It's not about the things that happened to me, and how I grew, it's about what YOU will make of the trip, and how YOU will grow. Everyone is positively moved by U30X in different ways. It's the environment, the people, and the mindset that come together to create a truly visceral experience. It's a tangible intangle: You can feel it, but can't touch it. In an age of physical relationships being replaced by online ones, where a desire for status updates supplant living in the now, and  "checking in" digitally effectively checks you out mentally, U30X is what's real.
I decided to go to Costa Rica not knowing anyone and came back with lifelong friends. The whole trip was flawlessly coordinated, and the activities we got to do were truly once in a lifetime. Zip lining through the rain forest? Check. Hiking in front of an active volcano? Yeap, we got to do that too! In addition to staying at a sustainable ranch, we explored the surrounding area and became friends with our guides. The discussions we had as a group were thought provoking, and I was impressed with the ambition and accomplishments of each person. Given the opportunity, I'd go on this trip a million times over.
Under30Experiences is like spring break trip for purpose driven young professionals. You get to lay on the world's most beautiful beaches while talking a bout what drives you each day - and how to make that your career. You get to eat spicy fish tacos and learn how blogs can be profitable businesses. You dinner with your new friends under the stars and then participate in makeshift karaoke. And at the end of 5 incredible days, you return home re-enegergized, re-focused, and determined to live the life you want to live. Come open to new experiences and leave changed in ways you never thought possible
Under30Experiences is the premiere company to travel with fellow open-minded entrepreneurs and passionate individuals. The team consists of a group of fun, loving and adventurous individuals who are focused on giving their clients the best possible experience. Our trip to Costa Rica was well thought out and included a fantastic mix of activities and free time that created bonding and growth. I can't wait for the next trip! If you are looking to travel for an affordable price with great people, no need to look any further than Under30Experiences!
I'm not sure there could have been a better way to spend five days than in Nicaragua with the amazing group from Under30. Stimulating conversations? Check. Beautiful location? Check. Learning about challenging problems? Check. Friends and bonds for LIFE? Check. Trips don't get much better than entering not knowing anyone (over your birthday, nonetheless), developing memories with a group of people who challenge you, and leaving with strong friendships. Couldn't have asked for a better way to celebrate and grow, especially over my birthday.
Before I went on my trip to Nicaragua, everyone had opinions about my destination and the way I went about planning my time there. Most commonly, people would say: "It's dangerous" and "you shouldn't go alone." Once I got to Nicaragua, and I met the people I'd be spending the next five days with, I realized that everyone else's opinions didn't matter--and that they were totally wrong. It reminded me that the doubts that were being thrown my way are so common in life for people who crave more--for those of us who live outside of our comfort zones. People who have never experienced something will try to project their own fear, they'll criticize bold decisions, and sometimes even question your sanity. If only all risks turned out as incredible and inspiring as my trip to Nicaragua and my experience with the Under 30 Experiences crew, maybe people would take more.
I was a participant on the inaugural trip to Nicaragua in April 2013. The construct of this trip was truly amazing. We were able to choose how we spent our time with many planned and unplanned activities. I personally wanted to learn as much as possible about the country I was visiting and the economy and microfinance activity there. I got all of that and more through trips to meet with recipients of loans, discussions with loan officers and a discussion at the US Embassy that included key members of the entrepreneurial community. Between all of these experiences and the close group of friends I made, I would not have changed anything about this trip (except maybe the traffic).
