I wear Dansko clogs all the time except during summer and they're rather pricey (although they certainly last a long time).  I bought a few pairs at this store a few years ago when they were having a sale, but I practically panic without having extra pairs "in the wings".  They're having another sale right now (I was told it would continue for about one more week), with a 10% discount on various shoes (including Danskos). The salesman was pleasant.
I had a GREAT experience shopping at Good Footing yesterday. I've passed this store many a time, and I've been attracted to the shoes in their window display. They specialize in high-quality shoes for active people, so they carry many well-known brands such as Teva, Chaco, Merrell, Earth Shoes, and yes, even Crocs. I was attracted to a pair of Vans sneakers and ended up buying them and a pair of Merrell sandals too. I tried on a TON of shoes (my roommate did, too). We felt we were making a mess, but the man assured us that it was fine to try on, compare, etc. He was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the shoes he was selling. He answered all of our questions ("Is this a good brand?" "How popular is this style?" "What are the benefits of this one over that one?") thoroughly and honestly. He was also the right amount of helpful and the right amount of leaving-me-alone (that's a delicate balance!). The shoes here are reasonably priced. Because they are good brands, they are not "cheap," but they are the price you'd find them for online. I was totally satisfied with my Good Footing experience. It set me out on the right foot. (Har, har...)
Checked out Good Footing for the first time this weekend - it was perfect for what I needed. They had a great selection across a lot of brands, and the sales guy was helpful but not pushy - he knew a lot about the brands, but he stood back and let me consider all of the shoes on my own. I ended up with a nice pair of Ahnu mary janes that I love, and the whole experience left me feeling good.
I recently started running in the Park this Summer. I decided that I needed a shoe that can fulfill all my needs. I wanted gore-tex, cross training shoes that I can run, bike and hike.  I knew exactly what I wanted. The staff was knowledgeable, but unapproachable and rude.  For a place that is clearly paying based on commission, they had some terrible sales rep.   I eventually  picked out a pair of Merrels for a $100 and walked throughout the store to see the fit. When I got home, I did the same thing. However, after I ran around the track I noticed that my big toe started to hurt.     I came back to the store to return the shoes. They gave me a ridiculously hard time. They wouldn't take it back saying it was worn too much. I told them it was only a bad fit after I ran around the track (once).  The manager (who was also unfriendly) then said that I should have tried them on before running outside. I replied that the salesman (who was there) saw me walk around to try the fit and I did the same at home. Besides, any runner would know that you can only tell if a shoe is good by running. That's why those places have treadmills. Anyways, after arguing with them in the store they wouldn't give me a refund but said they would return it to Merrell and if and only if Merrel deams it unfit will I get my money back. The irony of it all is that they said they had a lenient policy (HA!) it's seven days in original box and receipt- I would hardly call that lenient.   Well, seems that I should have gone to footlocker where they let you run around a track and return your shoes. Needless to say, I am never going there again.
Salesmen are useless. I went there to buy hiking shoes. My first pair ever. So I need some help. I decided to try this store thinking that a small shop would definitively have knowledgeable and pationnate sales people. It was also in an effort to support local stores instead of going Amazon. Las.... First day, the sales person was somewhat helpful. I decided to come back the day after to make sure they were a good fit (hiking shoes is not something you want to have a bad fit). It was another sales rep. He was really rude. I asked him wether he was himself a hiker. He chuckled. I asked him how I should pick the boots and he replied very aggressively "I don't know, I know how to buy my shoes, my toe goes up to there" showing me his sneakers. The sales person I saw the day before arrived in the store. I said "hi". He did not aknowledge my presence. After 2min, I tried to ask him a question since he was somewhat helpful the day before. He turned his back and went helping someone who just entered the store. BOTTOM-LINE: if you know what exact pair of shoe you want, go there. If you need even a slight little tiny teeny bit of help (such as going to the basement to grab a box), then you are doomed. I ll try to go back when the owner is in otherwise, I ll go amazon. Shame. Reminder to sales people: customers' money = YOUR salary. If the store shuts down, you are unemployed. Simple.
Good footing has a great stock of comfortable shoes--from hiking boots to work shoes, they have all the best brands. They also have a great selection of socks and bags. However, the people who work here are incredibly unfriendly. They'll get you the size you need, but they won't offer to do it, and they won't be happy about it if you ask them. I've had a few salespeople who are very knowledgable when pressed, and a few who don't know much, but they've all been pretty rude.
I refuse to let this place have 3 stars overall, because it is my favorite little shoe store. I nicknamed it the comfy shoe store and it has been my savior. I have plenty of issues with my feet lately and need shoes that are supportive, especially in the arch, and don't mess around. You won't find anything glamorous here, and most things are around $100, but if it is a comfortable brand, they got it. They also have comfy flip flops with ARCH SUPPORT!!!! I buy a pair every year and live in them all summer.
Although they have a nice selection in the window, the sales"men", or rather boys are real dolts. They just stand around sans suggestions, or even utterances. When I asked about a gash on a shoe, the boy said it was part of the "color", I corrected him and told him it was part of the "texture." C'mon! As I was rushed to get a sandal, I ended up with a high price pair that I don't really love. Although I feel it important to patronize local businesses, I think it wise to brave the schlepp to TipTop or Harry's where at least experienced salesmen can advise you on these top quality shoes.
At the moment, every coop-shopping baby-slinging mother in park slope has a pair of silver birkenstock thongs and a pair of dansko clogs. Your friends not from park slope won't understand your compunction to wear the fugly hippie shoes you passed up in college but they are damn comfortable. Ignore your friends not from the slope and buy your active mom shoes here.
Had to update my review from 7 months ago. "Earth" brand shoes are awesome! I swear they've even sped up my healing process from back surgery. All these months later, I'm back in my heels (my "normal" shoes) at least 3 out of 5 days a week, but I wear these Earth shoes at least 2x a week. Heading back for more this next weekend. Highly, highly recommend this great shop! The guys are great. Go!
