Momo fuk yeah! I've been trying to come to Ko for quite some time and finally A) got a reservation, and B) found someone who was as eager to try it as I was. Without further ado, here's the highlights: 1) There's only 12 seats in bar-style seating, which is one reason why reservations are so hard to come by. It's surprisingly comfortable considering you're on stools (a la sushi bar). There's plenty of room for interaction with the chefs, in fact it seems expected. You don't really have waiters as much as you have attendants. The chefs explain the food and chiefly help you along the way. 2) Technically speaking, they will accommodate your food needs. That being said, this is NOT the place to go if you have a laundry list of dislikes or allergies. Ko's website explicitly articulates their expectation that you'll only refuse food you're allergic to. When a couple sat down at the bar and began listing "preferences and principles," the chefs did not look pleased. I think they managed to accommodate the picky diners, but it's rather presumptuous to make such demands. I thought it would have been totally reasonable for them to tell the diners to go f-ck themselves. Why did you come here, again? 3) N-O-T-H-I-N-G I ate was bad. Out of approximately 10 courses, none were poorly executed or tasted unappealing. Of course, some were more successful than others. Portioning was dead near perfect. The dishes change frequently enough that I won't get into specific bites (not that you could choose the good ones or avoid the bad ones anyhow). Just try everything. They know better than you... the one dish I thought I'd hate, which I could see them preparing, wound up being a favorite. It was pretty damn impressive. 4) Desserts are not heavily represented. The two served were great, but they were more interesting intellectually than technically. They were unequivocally chef's desserts. 5) If you don't like subtle, nuanced, food-hipster cuisine, Momofuku Ko is not worth the money. If you can't tell or don't care about the difference between locally farmed organic eggs and grocery store eggs, I don't think you'll be quite as impressed. I'm not trying to be snooty, but if you are beyond contented with lesser quality food, there's no point in shelling out serious cash for something that has marginal recognizable appeal. It's all about the food expertise here and the deft hands that create it. There's no dress code, no pretense... just damn fine food in a food-nerd atmosphere. Along that vein, be prepared to hear a lot of people talking about their meals at Per Se and El Bulli. Full disclosure, it can get somewhat nauseating... a bit like going to the Met with a bunch of art history majors. Sometimes you just wanted to put a sock in your fellow diners' mouths. 5) Lunch is longer and -according to one of the chefs, in slightly different words- much cooler. It's about 3.5 hours. 6) Don't be an annoying douche. There's only 15 of us in the room, including the chefs, and conversations may as well be communal. None of us want to hear about your douche-y escapades or all-important job. This is especially relevant to men on dates. 7) DO ask questions about the food if you have them. Don't feel inhibited- it's what you're paying for. Try not to be deterred by the chefs' moderately aloof demeanor. They're just at work and Ko's not known for fostering bubbly customer service like TGI Fridays. They may be a little short, but know that answering questions is an inevitable part of the job here. 8) You have to try this at least once. It's sad that all you're left with are memories and a hefty bill, but that's true of any experiential cost. Savor it, make the most of it, and I'm pretty sure you'll feel the cost is justified.
During my stay in NYC, I noticed that this place was always packed. I found out it was a noodle joint, so I made a mental note to go there. The food was really good, but I really didn't dig the ambiance of the place. I was at the bar facing the kitchen, and I kept on having servers literally squeeze right by over the course of the meal. My boyfriend ordered the crayfish and saw that they were cooked live (duh) and wanted to change his order. They were able to do that which was great. There was a good variety of stuff that came with the noodles, which made me happy, but I think they were a tad expensive for a noodle joint. I think it was like $8 for two pork buns. Really?
The best meal experience I had in my life in a Michelin 2 star restaurant! I had been to a few Michelin 1 star restaurants before this and Momofuku Ko showed why they are a 2 star restaurant. I went for the 17 course lunch. The food quantity was generous, so please go hungry. I think the price is pretty fair, as it works out to $10 per dish. My wife went to gastronomic heaven after tasting the shaved foie gras with riesling gelee. I hate the no photography policy though!
I don't understand what the hype is about with this place.  We ordered 4 dishes, and they were all very salty.... The ramen wasn't that great.  Overall, Im glad I went once, but there are better places to eat in NY.
I had a great meal at Ko.  No complaints, i enjoyed all my dishes and there were a couple of outstanding ones- my favorites were the egg + caviar, corn ravioli, and duck breast.  The yellow cake ice cream was a treat too!  I liked the shaved fois gras dish, but being a non drinker, the riesling jelly was a bit much for me.  I can understand how some love it though! For 100 bucks and 10 courses, its definitely worth revisiting a couple months down the road to try out their new dishes.   And to compare it to Per Se, if we're just talking food, Per Se definitely is NOT worth 2.75x the price!  i'm definitely glad i got a reservation at Ko and am able to now say i've been there.. and loved it!
What an amazing dinner!  The restaurant is very small - holds 12 diners and you sit at a counter facing the kitchen and chefs.  You watch them cook your amazing food, then they are the ones to hand it to you and explain what it is.   One of the best meals I've had anywhere.  There were so many small courses - I left very full and happy. I am recommending this to everyone I know. The only down point is the RIDICULOUS reservation system.  You have to register for their website in order to make a reservations (No you cannot call and make a reservation - it has to be online through their website).  Reservations open 1 week before the date you want at 10am.  Reservations go within 45 seconds - so be prepared to refresh your browser at 9:59:59. BUT, after eating there - it was all very worth it.  What a great place!
How do people have pictures posted on Yelp of Momofuku ko's dishes? Ever see Memento?  Well, the main character is me when it comes to dining out and specific dishes I've eaten.  Unless I take a picture of it, I barely remember exactly what I ordered, unless it rocked my world. Momofuku ko wouldn't allow me to whip out my digi point 'n shoot.  Their RSVP'ing process is rigid (I won't get into how much of a pain in the asstocks it is to land seats at this 12 seat establishment) and so are their memory capturing policies. Back in Nov 2008, I was lucky enough to land a 4 person seating (the toughest of them all) through my socialista buddy (no names to be mentioned). If people in your party are late / don't show up, you are charged a whopping fee.  Read below: "if you cancel this reservation less than 24 hours in advance of your seating time or do not attend this reservation, you will be charged $150.00 per person." Since the chefs don't begin cooking your meal until you arrive, if you're late, you're shifting everyone else's RSVP back.  Not good. So, the 10 course for $100 meal is a tasting menu.  The only input you have is to inform them of your food allergies. I've heard that David Chang is sometimes on hand to prepare your meal.  The four of us were not "blessed" by his presence.  He sure has his way with the media.  His massive PR machine landed ko with two Michelin stars in its inaugural debut. The dishes were not Alinea-good, but were enough to fill me up. My Memento memory remembers that my favorite dish was the poached egg with caviar and fingerling potato chips. Another one and done for me.  I will not go through the hassle of clicking refresh countless times at 10am for another RSVP. Here's a hint, log onto their RSVP site on a Saturday, especially a Saturday for a big holiday weekend when others are hung over in their beds.  If you're a devoted foodie, you will do this, hungover yourself of not.  Do it, do it for the love of food!  Maybe you'll agree with me that a meal here just isn't worth the hassle?
This is my second experience.  My first experience in June 2008 was much better.  Overall, the menu 8 months later is still largely similar to the one I tried last year. You still get 10 courses.  But the difference now is that there is only 1 set menu being prepared whereas the last time I went, there were 2 set menus so if you went as a party of 2 or 4, you get to try a lot more different things. The ultimate disappointment was that they're no longer serving their fabulously benchmark-worthy deep fried short ribs.  I came back here again because I was hoping to have a second taste of that unforgettable dish but now it's been replaced with regular steak.... The steak was prepared well and was soft and tender and flavorful but it was really just another piece of steak to me at the end of the day.  The 'wow' factor has definitely disappeared :( The next disappointment of my evening was the pasta dish.  It was 'hand-torn pasta' with sausage made from duck and the concoction was tossed in a creamy sauce and garnished with deep fried chicken skin - the chicken skin was delightful but I feel they might as well have served up the chicken skin on its own because its strong flavor overtook the entire dish and the pasta and sausage by themselves weren't too flavorful or special to begin with....didn't feel that the combination made too much sense. One positive change was that they now serve biscuits instead of the muffins made with lard - the biscuits were definitely a highlight of my meal this time.  The coddled egg and onion soubise dish is still there, so is the fluke and buttermilk and the chawan mushi (but now it's served as just 1 spoon of steamed custard instead of a wholed dish).  The oyster and kimchee consomme with grilled pork belly stood out a lot more to me this time than the last time I tried it.  The pork belly was quite outstanding - very smoky and crispy and caramelized, the difference (if I remember correctly) to this dish this time is the use of a mini grilled rice ball, which went so well to sop up the flavorful consomme.  The halibut was very delicious and perfectly cooked (although my dining partner thought his was dry).  The shaved foie gras dish with lychees and riesling jelly is still present. The two desserts at the end were different this time and both were an improvement from my last experience.  The first dessert was a little palate cleanser called guava sorbet with liquid cream cheese.  Such a surprising and delightful combination!  The next dessert was funnelcake with sesame ice cream, coconut cream and sugar lemon sauce.  Another fantastic combination and very comforting - I loved the flavors. Something I was definitely thankful for was that I was in the area about 40 minutes early and they allowed us to be seated, which was definitely very nice.  They also weren't sticklers for the email confirmation to be printed out and presented, another nice gesture. I have mixed feelings about this place...my first visit was amazing but my second visit was a let down...there were some good dishes but I felt that the chef that was working in front of us was a little clumsy  and maybe had an off night(knocked over a few garnishes and had to redo some of the dishes), the dishes definitely had some high points but also plenty of meh moments....I heard the lunch menu is completely different and has 18 courses...maybe I will try to reserve that one instead next time.
ive been here for dinner and for lunch... food is amazing, no question... it's expensive tho... it doesnt warrant what they charge, it's only cuz they have 12 seats that they have to charge that much... but because they only have 12 guests at a time, it makes for a really fun and special experience... they are able to be super attentive and it's fun to chat with the chefs as they cook and serve... lunch is ridiculously good... soooo much food, every single dish is awesome... when i left from the lunch, i was so full i couldnt even see straight haha... dinner is slightly less$ and fewer dishes, which makes for a more sensible meal, if u r into that silly concept of not being a glutton or whatever... u gotta go, at least once... when im rich and famous, im gonna get myself a meal plan at ko :)
As soon as I found out that my favorite Washingtonian had to be in New York for work, I let my doppelganger know we HAD to go to Momofuku. Of course she'd already been and was probably thinking "Pfft. . .that's SO last quarter, MiRIAM" but she tends to oblige me, especially now that I live on the East Coast (which incidentally, might be better off called the HUMID coast but that's a story for another day my sweeties) so we went. My favorite Washingtonian and I arrived prior to the meeting time of 7:30 (which in New York is INSANELY early for dinner, according to doppelganger but she suggested it because we'd have a better chance of getting a spot - or five -at that time) and had a glass of wine next door. At 7:30 I put my name in for five. And we waited. Our slightly frazzled hostess had said 20 minutes, it turned out to be an hour. Luckily Kevin L was in tow to entertain me! Was the wait worth it? Oh hell yes it was! The steamed Berkshire pork buns were incredible. I mean, wiggle around in your seat incredible! I will dream of these for many nights to come. And the Momofuku ramen? Hello, delicious! In fact everything that passed in front of me (we sat facing the small kitchen) made me salivate. I really want to come back in winter to try the roasted brussel sprouts with kimchi puree and bacon. NOTES: If you do not eat pork don't even think about coming here. Honestly, the pork makes the experience at Momofuku. The fewer people you come with the better. Five was really pushing it. Bring cash unless you dig surliness. You'll get a heaping load of it if you split the bill among credit cards.
As everyone pretty much knows or expects, the food here is creative and delicious.   You can expect to experience interesting flavor and texture combinations as well as great raw ingredients. I went for dinner and the meal was 10 courses, with the final 2 being a sorbet and dessert.    The portions are very generous, so even if you arrive near starving, you will leave very full. Given the number of courses, we opted for their pre-planned wine pairing, which comes in three varieties, priced for quality.  At 50 dollars a person for the low end pairing, the 10 choices we had had were all good (range included white, red, sake, and a sherry with dessert).  It seemed to be a good value, though not all of the pairings were successful.   The chefs were willing to answer questions, but there is no mistake that they are there to work and not gab with the customers.   Friendly, but distant is probably accurate.   We were fine with that - they made delicious food and their backs were facing us most of the time of the time while they worked.   They were attentive to the pace we ate at and we never felt rushed.   Still, the meal took 2 hours. At $400 bucks (after everything) for two people, I thought it was a good value for the experience and the food served.   I would go back again
I thought this place was amazing..  Although we certainly paid for it, I almost felt like i was in a private taste testing as there are a limited amount of seats which is ideal.  The chefs prepare the 12 course meals in front of you which basically just makes your mouth water the entire time, but a great bottle of sake from their menu will help satisfy this.  I absolutely loved the shaved Foie gras and the chef's were extremely polite and more than willing to go into more details of the dishes that were prepared.  It was a wonderful experience from beginning to end.
It used to be good, now the broth is too salty. The pork buns are still delicious.. though. Go for the pork buns. Also - I just don't think ramen should be in the double digits for a bowl of noodles! So sorry Momofuku, it's frankly just , Ma Ma Hu Hu (Mandarin slang for just so so)
Honestly, it's a foodie experience that you should probably try and fit in to your lifetime. Well, if you're adventurous and don't mind eating anything and everything. Trust me, you're not going to think to tell them you're allergic to veal tongue until it's sitting in front of you. This is not the kind of sitch where you can say, "Um, looks great but I'm only going to have a bite". David Chang is likely standing in front of you, curiously watching what your reaction is. We're not huge fans of foie gras (and certainly couldn't eat that volume in one seating, despite the creativity of the dish) and he craned his head over the bar to see if we had eaten all of it. That being said, if you're the type to even remotely eat what's put in front of you and have a good understanding of the innovation (yes, even with the hype, it's innovative), just go. Watching three incredible chefs time each course perfectly and artfully plate was certainly a highlight for me. The reso system is tough and kudos to my bf for religiously checking. All the yelper tips to check out the system on the weekend are the right route. Oh, and the service was SO attentive. Maybe it was that we were sitting in front of David Chang's station but my water glass never looked like I had taken a sip.
I was very excited for this dining experienced.  I'm not a crazy foodie, but do enjoy eating out, exotic foods and treating myself to overpriced meals.  Given that I've been to David Chang's other restaurants and had a fantastic experience, this has been high on my "list" for a while. I went throughout the same "hell" as everyone else trying to get a reservation here.  Little did I know that the work was not quite worth it... I snagged a 10pm reservation for a Saturday night, 2 people.  We showed up about 20 minutes early and were seated promptly - which was nice.  Atmosphere was what I expected for Ko.  Certainly different than other $125 tasting menus - so don't expect white table cloth fancy.  But I found this refreshing and the people appeared very "hipster" and "cool" off the bat.  After I listened to them repeat the f-word and g-dammit all night, I knew they were cool! The the food came.  In a nut shell, I thought everything was "ok," but not one dish stood out as amazing.  I remember a few, like the gruyere cheese soup and the duck (which was the final savory dish).  But these were the kind of dishes that were good, nice, tasted ok.  But nothing was killer. Overall, the food was not memorable.  Out of all of the "disgustingly expensive" meals I've had ($250+ pp), I'd put this at the bottom of the list.  Maybe the place is just kind of tired, I'd recommend you spend your money somewhere else.
Dedicated to Tom D. for the advice and to Miriam W. for having faith in his rave review and for dragging me along. Momofuku is definitely an experience.  We had put in our name to be seated at 1930, but the hostess kept putting people in front of us (probably due to our party size of five) so we didn't actually end up being seated until around 2030... but boy was the wait worth it! I was pretty hungry by this point, so I ordered a little plate of the tomato salad with shiso and tofu.  Fresh, bright, refreshing, and juicy.  A great starter dish to whet the palate for an amazing meal to come.  Miriam shared a bite of her pork bun with me and it was incredible!  Astoundingly moist meat on a perfect-consistency bun.  Worth a trip just for these as a snack! The pork neck ramen was pretty ridiculous.  I had no idea it would be such a giant bowl filled with fresh noodles, peas, and scallions.  The pork neck was done just right - perfectly chewy and moist (natch).  I'm a fan of the bamboo shoots, too.   Tip:  When the bowl was first served, the broth was really really hot and the noodles were just a touch under-done.  About three minutes into eating, the noodles were perfectly al dente and  the broth had cooled down to a slurpable temperature.  I'm not much of a fan of gooey egg, so if you poke the poached egg and let it ooze into the steaming broth, you'll have just-right noodles, soup, and egg in a handful of minutes. Now I understand why they charge $13 for a bowl of ramen!  Definitely a gourmet experience and not for the wallet-shy.  Keep in mind that you're paying for an amazing meal and a kitchen show - virtually everyone has a chef's table here!  Minus one star for the crappy wait time estimate and the surly waitress who closed our check.
If I could give it a rating between 4 and 5 stars I would. 1. I really like their music play-list 2. I can't remember all the dishes I had 3. I wish I could take pictures 4. I like that I did not need to dress up to eat 5. It would be a nice treat if they could print up a take away menu for each of the lunch guests as a memento of the meal. (this way I can remember all that I ate) 6. They did give out a little jar of pickled vegs as a take away treat instead. We went for the $160 Lunch Menu...and it was extensive and delicious. 18 courses is a lot to digest--mentally and physically. Not all the dishes were exceptional, but my favorite was probably the duck with plum and vodka glaze served with toasted rice roll and grilled baby ramps. They stuffed duck-leg sausage under the skin of a whole duck breast so that you got a delicious bite of crisp sweet skin, savory duck sausage and perfectly cooked duck breast. This thing took close to two hours to cook and was worth the wait. Watching the chef gently basting the skin with searing hot peanut oil to get it golden and crispy was mesmerizing. Should you go? Yes!--if you are able to get a reservation.
Went for lunch and it was definitely the best lunch I've ever had in my life! Didn't do wine parings because I wanted to focus on the food, and 3-1/2 hours later, I'm glad I didn't opt for the upgrade because I would have been in rough shape! Although for the amount of food, the pacing was spot on perfect and I didn't leave feeling stuffed, but instead really, really satisfied. We actually left and went to a coffee bar to sit and recap our experience, but naming every course here won't do you much good since the menu changes daily and always includes seasonal offerings. I wanted to take photos, but couldn't bring myself to ruin the pleasurable experience by doing that....resist the urge and just enjoy the food if you go. Favorites were the oyster, duck and the foie course. I absolutely hate foie gras (for several reasons), but I was trying to be a sport and try everything and I ended up loving it - it was frozen and shaved like snow over the dish and literally melted in your mouth. Every single course was spectacular. The chefs were not very talkative on the day we were there (your seat is at the bar in front of them). The hostess was nice and worked so seamlessly to clear and replenish drinks that she was barely noticed. Set your alarm on your smartphone and get an online reservation asap - it is entirely worth every penny.
Absolutely sublime. Each course kept getting better. Service was perfect. Watching the chefs was a lot of fun and really impressive. The music they were playing added a lot to the atmosphere - a great mix of some heavy metal, alternative and classic rock. It was worth every last penny.
Outstanding quality and preparation; fun and worth the wait to get a reservation. Ko is a tiny restaurant where you eat at the counter top around the restaurant's kitchen and watch the excellent staff prepare the various meals. The small restaurant results in a very attentive staff. A little too attentive .. they almost took away our plates when we were about to break the "no photos" rule. Overall, though they came close, they didn't hit it out of the park that night for me, but I will definitely go back to have them try it again.
When did asian food get so crappy in NYC that you have to go to Momofuku and pay an arm and a leg for good asian cuisine? It's still the best asian place in NYC. Take that positively or negatively.
$100 = 10 delectable courses for dinner, including (amazing) foie gras and caviar. Anyone who thinks the price is unjustified needs to wrap their heads around that equation up there. I was certainly happy to devour these artfully crafted dishes, each seemingly more elaborate than the one before it. Yet only a handful were transcendent enough to be the kind of food memory that will stick with me forever. In particular, I want to talk about the unearthly Foie Gras with Riesling Gelee and Lychee.  When I first saw the chefs prepping this dish, I thought they just had a heavy hand in cheese. Then the funny fuzzy looking pile appeared in front of me, the dish was described, I raised a spoonful to my lips, and... DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN. Yup, that must've been what happened. If I could sell my soul for any food item, I would soon become an empty shell munching happily on a mountain of this foie gras. Every bite of the rich, creamy, silkier than butter ribbons was sinfully delicious. I never wanted it to end. Alas, I was heartbroken by the time it came to the last spoonful. Momofuku Ko is the first place in which I ever had foie gras and caviar, which can be dangerous for training a novice tongue. That's not to knock the other dishes, but they didn't measure up to the swoon-worthy state that almost made me consider jumping across the bar, grabbing that chunk of foie gras and making a wild dash for the door. I say almost because although it was hard to resist, I restrained myself for the promise of more dishes to come. The trout and the short ribs barely needed the aid of knives, as they must've been made out of some sort of buttery substance under the disguise of meat. The only thing I wasn't wild about was the animal cracker ice cream in peach soda. An intriguing concept, but a less spectacular execution. Never mind though, as the final creme fraiche ice cream with blueberries and a black pepper ganache ended the meal on a good note. My stomach was about to burst at this point, but I assure you I waddled my way home a very happy gluttoness.
What can I say that 182 other yelpers have not already said. 100% on point with delivery and expectations, what an experience. Randomly tried getting a reservation and landed one at 7:30pm last Friday night; weather was terrible but made for a perfect night to enjoy a 12 course 2 hour meal... Let's see, if I have to choose a complaint or some other reason that may cause an OCD diner to dislike anything from the experience. The chefs were a little awkward explaining the dishes and the largest entree (duck breast) was a little overly salted; great news for you salt lovers but not for me. Go at least once if you can, I am sure I will go at least one more time, maybe I will try the 3 hour lunch!
It's all been said. The food was fantastic, inventive, creative and cooked to perfection.  I was not a fan of the shaved foie gras but will dream about the other courses: the scallop, smoked egg with caviar, halibut, braised ribs, goat cheese gelato for the next ten years. Unlike some other reviewers, I did not find the service intrusive but some of the courses were served quickly - making me feel rushed to finish the last bite on my plate.  Then again, maybe I was trying to draw out the experience a bit too much! We chose to do the drink pairing - which was pricey but the pairings were spot on from the gin aperitif to the vermouth finish. It was a memorable meal and if my wallet could handle it - I would go back in a heartbeat.
I'll say it: Better than Per Se.   Why?  Because I left Per Se with stars in my eyes, but i left Ko feeling truly humbled.
One of the best meals I have ever had.  PERIOD.  Every dish was delicious! Each dish was super creative and the flavors complex. Definitely worth the effort to get reservations.  Perseverance pays off in a big way with Ko.  The wait staff can be a little off-putting. A bit too pretentious, especially with such a casual atmosphere.  All that is forgotten once the food comes. The two stand out dishes were: Ebi - raw shrimp prepared with curry leaf and chili.  OMG delicious. Shaved foie gras over lychee and Riesling jelly.  Literally melt in your mouth foie gras.  Picture snow, but foie gras favor.  The world heavenly comes to mind. Come for the food.  Ignore the snottiness of the wait staff. You will be happy.
Food ecstasy.  Probably the top dining experience I've had in my life.
I've been trying to get reservations at Ko since I moved here to NYC. Like so many of these stories, I too read the food-bloggers' tips on how to get reservations (try try again, check back at random times, ie 1015am for buyer's remorse), and finally snagged a reservation, albeit late 9pm, last week. You know how most dishes you eat, your mouth and brain can decipher what went into the dish? Ie, oh yes, there's a touch of garlic and oh, there's the zest. No such luck at Ko, which is a testament to the uniqueness and quality of the meal. I had an amazing time here and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. But hey, let's be honest, I'm not going to be back for a loooong time. And by then, David Chang will probably have found another way to amaze NYC. Just some FYIs: The wine pairing is not multi-tiered anymore, there is just one pairing available. Also, Ko isn't a great date location, it's more of a lovers' restaurant. Which kind of sucked for me, but hey, like the saying goes, you lose some...
I felt like I was eating from a test kitchen. All of the plates were interesting. A couple I felt understood but didn't like much. A few I didn't understand but enjoyed anyway. Everything else was amazing. Even with some ideas that weren't polished or filtered, it was overall a lot of fun.
forgot the name of the pork sandwhich looking think i had - but it was super duper good. decent miso chicken, but i would have to say the miso ramen in edgewater,NJ mitsuwa food court was way better. .
Momofuku Ko was definately an experience, one that I will probably not repeat. First to get the reservations, it's like winning the lotto when you see the green check marks pop up at exactly 10 AM.  I can't give it 5 Stars because for the price, I expect every dish to be memorable but that wasn't the case.  I'd rate it 4.5 for the deco, service, creativity, and attention to detail. The experience of sitting in front of the chefs was pretty neat.  I imagine it's similar to sitting at a Chef's table in other establishments.  As others mentioned, the Chef's pretty much kept to themselves except when a plate was finished and they describe what they created for you.  I didn't expect anything more from them.  I enjoyed watching them create our meal, taking in tips and tricks (since I'm a pretty good chef myself). Almost each dish was very creative in using acidity, cream, or a different preparation method with each ingredient.  These are not simple dishes, but rather complex on a different level. A few of my favorite dishes in order: 1-The poached egg w/cavier and fingerling potato chips, sous-vide onions, and sweet potato vinegar.  I carefully watched their techinique to poach the egg (as I may attempt to make this at home). 2-The duck breast with mustard greens and white turnip w/crushed pumpernickel bread.  Why can't the Chinese make it this way, it's so good and perfectly executed! 3-The oxtail & sauteed onion wontons (wrapped in daikon) in Oxtail broth.  I wanted more of this, wished for more wontons or bigger pieces. 4-The white wine sorbet.  It was very refreshing, especially after the duck.  It acted as palate cleanser, very carefully placed in the line of dishes. The dishes that weren't memorable were all the fish dishes.  I had a spanish mackeral in a buttermilk cream sauce w/poppy seeds, fluke w/shizo, and skate w/something.  They were good but not memorable. The last dish really surprised me and the BF. Pretzel flavored panna cotta w/yellow mustard powder and root beer ice cream.  How he got the panna cotta to taste just like a Pretzel is beyond me, but the way he put this dish together was awe inspiring.  A deconstructed pretzel, it really came together to give you the flavor of a pretzel. After 10 courses I was stuffed and left happy. To sum it up, David Chang is a creative genius.  Ingredients that you wouldn't think go together, he makes it work with ease.  It was an experience watching the chef's prepare and execute everything right in front of you.  It's like a dinner and show in one.  I liked the privacy and intimacy of the restaurant.  I'm sure it's what David Change envisioned when he created this restaurant. I wish I was able to take pictures.  Alas, no pictures allowed.  I'm not sure why?  Maybe he doesn't want his creativity to be stolen.  I tried to use the excuse, "I need to keep a food diary of what I eat and this is how I keep track." This last tidbit has nothing to do with the food or experience, but when I went to the bathroom there's a few shelves of food books above the toilet.  The first thing I thought of was "Flagged!"  The books have been Flagged!  (If your a NY'er you'll know where this term came from).
The food here is amazingly tasty and well conceived though pricey and in small proportion, and the atmosphere is lowlit and loungey but busy and noisy. Deal with these contrasts and you'll have a great time. Try the slushie drinks, the ones with booze. They arent that strong but are delicious and will automatically give you a backrub and massage your weary temples. I also love the soy sauce eggs and pork buns and could pop these till my heart explodes. It gets messy, when your heart explodes on your dinner guest, so go easy. Can be busy so try to avoid rush times.
We lucked into reservations and went by for a 10:00 reservation last night.  Obviously, it's an extensive chef's tasting menu, as others have commented, but it was particularly interesting to us because we JUST had an eleven-course tasting menu at Eleven Madison Park the night before for my husband's birthday. It blew EMP out of the water.  EMP was salt/butter/icky gourmand things galore (sweetbreads, pate, fois gras, etc) and made us feel a) not "foodie" enough to eat there, b) full and sick to our stomachs (seriously, we were both up the entire night.)  Ko, on the other hand, was delicious and interesting but not challenging, and the meal left us feeling full but not stuffed.  Price wise it was much better than EMP also. (We're also big fans of Momofuku Noodles, but Ssam didn't do it for us so much.)
Super salty!!!! Yikes! $16 a bowl of ramen, was not impressed at all. The wait is quite long for lunch time, not many options, vegetarian only has one dish to choose from. Don't know how this ended up on top 10 ramen places in NYC. Have had much better ramen in St. marks square. Never coming back. Service was only alright. No one came to check on us after food arrived. Blah. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Came here for my birthday and the dining experience was amazing! My favorite dish was the shaved foie gras with lychee brittle. SO good! Had the wine/beer pairing as well. I was ridiculously full by the end of the meal. It was definitely a special meal.
Thought they did some interesting dishes but not worth the price. The food was not "out of this world"
Does anyone else out there think David Chang is sleeping with the entire world? I've been to almost all of his restaurants, and very few items have impressed.  Like, the pork butt at Ssam Bar (but too $$ for pork butt, which is a cheap cut of meat, AND they only let us bring eight people when we needed 12 to finish the food), Volcano at Milk Bar (which is the work of his pastry chef, not him), compost cookie at Milk Bar, and the pork buns (which are Taiwanese, and should be cheaper anyhow). Anyways, his restaurants keep getting rave reviews, and Ko even has two Michelin stars.  WTF. I went during a time when reservations were simply impossible, and everyone played that 10AM game.  I lucked out and scored reservations from a friend who couldn't go.  Fine, the food was good.  Nothing really stands out at this point, but I enjoyed the meal.  The seat-stools were uncomfortable though, and the chefs/waitresses seemed rather sordid and were terrifically unhelpful. And, it was expensive.  Very much so.  I think about $150 pre-liquor. Not worth it.  You can get three Gramercy Tavern dinners for that.
The baby bok choy! Mmmmm I could eat it exclusively for days on end! So good! And the ramen was great of course, very filling and extremely flavorful. Just hit the spot to satisfy the tongue. Great! We will be back.
The food was incredible at times but there were enough questionable dishes that sullied an otherwise good food experience.
My boyfriend is better than your boyfriend. Yeah, he really is. I don't mean to brag but my boyfriend is pretty damn impressive. He managed to snag a dinner reservation at Ko only two days beforehand AND he only did it with one try. And THAT is why my boyfriend is better than yours. But boyfriend business aside (because we all know that you are not here to read about the boyfriend. You're here to read about Ko), the meal here was incredible. It was two hours of pure culinary bliss. I didn't write down each course so please forgive me if some of the dishes are less than descriptive. I'm relying on my and the boyfriend's memories. Our meal started off w/ the amuse bouche: 1-Deep fried short rib w/ a citrusy sauce: the meat was so tender; it just fell apart in my mouth. The sauce was lovely and really gave it great flavor. 2-Chicharron, seasoned w/ togarashi salt: perfectly fried and seasoned. 3-Potato cake topped w/ king oyster mushroom and a spicy uni sauce: this was delicious. The spicy uni sauce went so well with the potato and mushroom. After the server took away our small, square plates, the boyfriend and I mourned the fact that we had already eaten three things. What. Our culinary experience was passing by too fast! Sashimi of fluke w/ pickled peppers (and some other ingredients I can't remember): this dish was really fresh tasting and lovely. It wasn't mind-blowing, but I would definitely eat it again. Aged sirloin beef carpaccio w/ wasabi aioli (I think) and micro greens: I loved this dish! I think this was one of my favorites. The beef was sliced so thin and it was just delicious. I finished it pretty fast. When I looked over at the boyfriend, he was still savoring it. Jerk. Kushi oyster w/ grilled pork belly on top of a bed of napa cabbage and white wood ear fungus w/ a kimchi consommé: The kimchi consommé was wonderful. The oyster was creamy (I never knew that was even possible!) and the pork had the perfect meat to fat ratio. It was tender and succulent. One of the chefs who was in front of us of the entire time, burned his fingers while pouring the consommé into our bowls. Poor guy! He just laughed it off and went back to creating more amazing dishes. Super nice. Lightly smoked, soft boiled chicken egg w/ an onion soubise, black caviar and fingerling potato chips: THIS WAS SO GOOD. Another one of my favorites. I'm running out of words to describe these dishes. I LOVED this dish. The creaminess of the yolk and the saltiness of the caviar worked beautifully with the onion and potato chips. It was like a flavor explosion in your mouth. The potato chips gave the dish a great textural contrast. My mouth is watering as I'm remembering all the amazing flavors of this dish. Steamed cod (?) w/ an XO sauce, young ginger and pickled cherry tomatoes: I didn't catch what the chef said about this one. The fish was perfectly cooked, but it was too salty for my taste. The boyfriend thought it was too salty also. It didn't blow me out of the water. House made tortellini of Korean peppers and onions tossed in a buttery sauce, fried sweetbreads, corn tempura, lobster mushroom and pickled watermelon: both the boyfriend and I really enjoyed the pasta course. The tortellinis were reeeeaally good. Packed with flavor. The fried sweetbread was also mmm'mmmgood. And I loved the corn tempura! Crispy and creamy, all at the same time. I could just eat a bucket of corn tempura in place of popcorn at the movies. Pepper roasted lamb chop w/ a daikon and cucumber terrine, grilled leeks: Most tender lamb I've ever had. I cut through like butter. LIKE BUTTAHHH. Delicious balance between meat and fat. The boyfriend really enjoyed the lamb too. We shook our heads in disappoint when the two girls dining next to us 1) cut off the fatty parts and then 2) didn't finish their lamb. The daikon and cucumber terrine was a really nice contrast to the heavier flavors of the lamb. Very refreshing. Frozen torchon of Hudson Valley foie gras grated over a riesling gelee, lychee and pine nut brittle: I think this was the dish I was most looking forward to. I watched the chef shave the foie gras in anticipation. It was definitely something I've never experienced before.  The grated foie gras melted in my mouth; it was so creamy and smoky. The foie gras contrasted wonderfully w/ the sweetness of the lychee. And the pine nut brittle was lovely! I wish they could have given me a bag of brittle to take home so I could munch on it on my way home. Onion and lavender ice cream w/ a sprinkle of sea salt and onion soda: This one was weird. Didn't like it too much. Apple cake, burnt apple sauce and oatmeal ice cream: Experimental dessert that the chefs were trying out. It was decent. Not my favorite course. Dome of buttermilk w/ a mint center, sprinkled w/ freeze dried corn: Nice end to the meal. The consistency was like jello. I liked the slight tang of the buttermilk. Overall amazing meal! I want to experience it again. Soon.
Well, this was a pretty amazing dinner.  Everyone else covered the ever changing, but always awesome menu well, so I won't go there. I will add that my wife and I each had the full liquor pairing, which I wouldn't do again if I were to go back.  Perhaps my taste buds aren't evolved enough, but I didn't find each pairing added substantially to each course.  With the loud music playing (which I didn't mind, otherwise), I couldn't really hear the waitress explaining what each drink was anyway.  Will just go with a bottle of wine next time.
The food was delicious. The dishes were creative. Talk about separating the men from the boys. These chefs know what they are doing and they are turning out some really original, tasty dishes - scallops with clam chowder foam, smoked poached eggs, shaved foie gras, oatmeal ice cream. (i'm really not doing the list justice, i went over 5 days ago and are forgetting a lot of details.) And I really liked the setting / layout, the music selection was really interesting, played a lot of different stuff. And it wasn't too loud. Nor was it too crowded. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because we did the "pairing" and I really did not care for some of the choices. There were two very strange white wines that were just hard to take a full glass of and i did not love the last beer. Next time, I would just pick my own stuff to drink. Other than that though - I would say to go if and when you can. Don't freak out and stalk the website, we had a friend from out of town make the reservation, i went with a very faint idea of the hype around the place - and i really enjoyed myself. As for the people that are complaining about price - there were 11 very well prepared dishes. The courses included luke, scallops, foie gras, caviar, duck, rare vegetables, a variety of textures and tastes...i mean, what do you want for $125?? Hugs? Praise? I have definitely spent money on meals that were just "eh" - all that I get from some of these reviews is that new yorkers really can find a way to complain about anything. I walked out of here completely satisfied, slightly in a daze...and despite how full I was, I still managed to dream that I asked Chef for another roasted apple cake with oatmeal ice cream (and he obliged).
Are you more excited by the thought of getting fancy ramen than actually tasting good ramen?  this is the place for you.  and if you like bland, you'll love this place. (or bacon, everything has bacon in it). Did i love the pork buns?  yes.  Was everything else about the experience terrible?  absolutely. let's start with the staff.  perhaps it was an off-night and they were understaffed.  but we waited for almost an hour at a restaurant where you sit at a bar when there were clearly plenty of seats available.  they could not manage their turnover.  and my drink didn't come (had to ask for it twice - then finally got it from another server). but i will forgive bad service for great noodles.  except, by the end of the night i was not in a forgiving mood.  first of all, it's expensive.  $9 for two pork buns?  a bit outrageous.  they were very tasty, and the only thing i would come back for (if i could get them to go).  but $9 for pork belly and a slice of cucumber on a steamed bun is silly.  they obviously know it's the only reason people come to this place. then the shrimp with corn - far too much bacon.  overpowered the whole dish.  not to mention made it too salty when combined with the miso broth.  great concept, poor execution. and the true let-down of the night... the ramen.  totally and completely BLAND.  the noodles were of poor quality and OVERCOOKED.  overcooked noodles at a noodle bar!  obscene!  then the broth was bland.  bland bland bland.  even the pork in the ramen was bland (unlike the pork in the pork buns).  how does a self-proclaimed noodle bar serve such an absolutely horrible bowl of noodles?  at least freeze-dried ramen has taste! in short, i will never return.  nor will my dinner companion who has been there several times before and had a bad experience the last two times.  this place gets two stars only because the pork buns were good.  otherwise it would be 1.
I personally feel this place is a bit overrated.  The food was ok. The soup base taste more like a plain soy sauce.  The lines are a bit long.  Overall the experience was an average joe but a premium on the credit card.
I've been to Momofuku Ko twice.  First time, David Chang was in the kitchen.  He is a restauranteur.  Friendly, engaging, asked questions of the patrons at the bar.  Had a fantastic, innovative and memorable evening.  5 stars all the way. I just went to the restaurant last night a year later and it was flat.  The food portions were sparse, the signature dishes we had last time (they repeat one or two usually) were not exciting to the taste buds, and we were rushed out!  Yes, the staff have attitudes, but when you aren't finishing any of the dishes, I'd expect a few inquiries or at least an acknowledgement about the customers experience.   Overall, I'm not sure if I'd return unless David Chang was at the restaurant.
Momofuku. Momofuku. Momofuku. Try saying that five times. I love the name. It means lucky peach and yes you're lucky if you get a seat. Dinner at Momofuku is just peachy. It gives me dreamy eyes and a smitten smile. Throw in the Berkshire pork buns and all of a sudden it is 5 star worthy. Sometimes you just crave a big bowl of ramen, asiany goodness, and a room full of body heat. That's what you get on a cold rainy day at Momofuku. The place is small. It's definitely not 300 lb Bessie friendly. Good luck on sitting down or getting to the bathroom because the path is tighter than a row of seats on an airplane. And a note about sitting next to your pals instead of facing them- make sure the person who is left handed sits on the correct side otherwise you'll be bumping elbows with them. Its all fine unless you don't like physical contact. Makes for a fun and challenging meal anyhows. The size of this restaurant is comparable to a small studio. Its rectangular and communal. Come early to avoid the rush and you can get the best seat in the house- in front of the kitchen! It's entertaining to watch the chefs toss brussel sproats and fry up eggs. Their sleeves are rolled up to reveal tattoos. These are bad ass chefs and they make everything look good. Watching them cook is a great way to work up your appetite if you weren't hungry already. Everything sizzles and everything smells good. The seats are minimal wooden barstools probably made by some hoity toity designer and there are little hooks under the bar to hang your coat and purse. Once you're settled, pick your perfect meal and then soak it all in. We chose the Berkshire pork steamed buns and chicken ramen. A simple meal but enough to make you sufficiently full. These steamed buns put Peking duck to shame. Iowa has a new claim to fame and its the Berkridge Farms. I bow down to their piggies. Even though the pork was really fatty, it did have enough meat on it to counteract the grease. Assembled with a bun, scallions and sauce, this is heaven in your mouth. On to the ramen, its not your traditional bowl of noodles. Its got collard greens! Call it southern fusion or asian confusion- I don't care. It was good and it worked well. The chicken in the ramen was good too. Not stringy boiled bland chicken bits, but crispy pieces of chicken. This soup was really good food. I don't know how the noodle bar compares to the ssam bar but I do recommend it. I like to say, "Gimme some Mo!"
I didn't know what to expect from this place but left pleasantly surprised.  This place is busy, busy, busy.  Seating is like a cafeteria with wooden tables and benches, and there is also bar like seating too.  Not a very spacious place, get ready to bump elbows and know your neighbors. Clean wood interior throughout the restaurant helps to showcase it's simplicity.  There are plenty of young hip waiters/waitresses on hand to answer any questions or make sure your water glass is always full.  I had the ox tail soup and it was delicious.  Heard the momofuku ramen is also great too. Personally, I'd go to this place for lunch only and I would definitely go back again. A nice place to go on a casual lunch/dinner date.  ****
$14 for half an apple - haute cuisine for the masses it is NOT. The duck came with channa dal, perhaps 5 grains of it (I could actually count them)!! What they called duck pate was a tougher, chewy, sausage with a Jimmy Dean fatty undertaste. Some of the tastes are amazing but others fall flat or are just over-sweetened. By the time you've tasted a bit of this and a bit of that and ordered some wine the bill has run up astronomically. To put up with the noise, the crowded and uncomfortable seating (a neighbor fell off her little stool), no place to put your jackets so you keep them on - it's just missing the elements of an expensive dinner. When it's just about eating great food, and that's fine, it can't cost this much.
I think I turned to my fiance about ten times during our lunch to tell him that I was having the best food experience of my life. The setting is intimate - stools pulled up to a bar overlooking an open kitchen area where chefs are preparing the Best Food on Earth. As you are presented with a dish, the chefs lean in to tell you everything you are about to eat in detail. It felt like you were good friends with some of the most amazing food-creatives and they were preparing a meal just for you. The food comes on small plates (it's a tasting menu, afterall). I'm now going to tell you about some of my favorite items served, though my words will barely do them justice: - a puffed egg floating in bacon dashi (A dream!) - a jerk duck heart (Surprisingly delicious!) - shaved fois gras over lychee fruit (What? Amazing!) We also got fantastic beer recommendations throughout (they have a paring option, if you want, but we ordered independently). Service was impeccable. Empty dishes were cleared immediately (with a smile!). Apparently there are locals in the area who are "regulars" of a sort. I have no real idea how the reservation system works because I wasn't in charge of that, but it clearly pays to be persistent and look for sudden openings. I can't imagine being lucky enough to eat there more than once, but, if the chance arose, I'd say yes in a heartbeat.
Great food but the overall experience was hugely disappointing. I would say the energy at the restaurant was similar to a funeral home and our chef (or the guy who plated) delivered our courses with the zeal of a stoned Keanu Reeves. "Umm yeah this is some shaved fois gras with lychee and some peanut brittle." I've had people bring out popcorn at a movie theater with more excitement. Food wise there were a few dishes that were innovative and impressive and also some pretty standard courses. I guess the design with the open kitchen and bar setup just lends itself to what could be a much more inviting, fun and vibrant atmosphere. Instead I enjoyed a mixture of good/great food in an unfriendly and generally lifeless setting. For a similar style I felt Degustation had food that was slightly better combined with a much better overall experience.
The steamed pork buns were exceptional. However I feel that they were specifically overpriced. The vibe is cool, the design is great, the service was ok. Nothing special. I would go if money is not an issue and you love to try new things. The food is very different in a good way.
A fun extravagance, to go for the lunch tasting menu (maybe 16 courses?) with wine tastings. I've been a couple of times, sets you back a couple hundred dollars a person.  Best with one other person (or solo which is a lovely way to do it if you enjoy alone time), as you are seated at the bar.  Its fun to watch the food be prepared, the unusual ingrediants, the strange Frankenstein genius at play. The foie gras is memorable, the rest is a warm blurry memory, like prom. The OCD reservation system appeals to my competitive OCD self, but I can see that it might be off putting to some.  I highly recommend it.  A one-of-a-kind experience for people who love inventive delicious world class food.
I was starting to get skeptical about the greatness of David Chang and his empire but then I snagged a last minute reservation to Ko and even with all the hype, the place completely exceeded my expectations. It's just straight up delicious, thoughtful food, elegantly prepared in an intimate, minimalist setting. The famous egg dish was amazing as was the deep fried shortrib. I want to put everything in the fryer now. People can complain about price all they want but that's just jealously talking. Dinner averages out to be $10 per course which is cheaper than most restaurants.  Considering the quality of ingredients, taste, meticulous prep and presentation, and not to mention decent portion sizes, it's a ridiculously good deal. The kicker is getting through the reservation system. But if you make it, it's so worth it.
In the last bite of the 18th course (a white miso ice cream with sticky rice) I found dead ant in the rice!! Although the other 17 courses were absolutely fantastic, it took away the pleasure of eating them.  The least I could expect after paying $200 dollars is  a bug-less (and clean) meal. By the way, the chef seem very upset with me when I showed to him the ant and I only got a very insincere apology from him.
I will assume if you're reading up on Momofuku Ko and have gone through the ordeal of securing seats through their reservation process, you at least know a thing or two about food.  And honestly I see no point in writing out a detailed play-by-play of my dinner when the diner has little to no say in their menu for the night. So all I will say is this:  it's worth it. The beverage pairing is not. Also, service was a bit rushed and when I made a comment about it to the waiter (to be fair, maybe a comment too subtle on my part), I received no acknowledgment. The end.
So exciting to finally get a reservation here!! I think the hype is deserved; it was a great experience and great food. And I do think the food is definitely worth the $100 for the ten courses, but I wouldn't bother getting the wine pairing again. I guess I expected it to be these genius combinations where the tastes of the wine and food would riff off each other in this chain reaction of amazingness dancing across my palate... but it wasn't. It was just small pours of a variety of wines that were nice and everything, but not worth $95. If I were to be lucky enough to score another reservation, I'd just order one or two of their really good microbrews, at $8 - $10 apiece. Without the wine pairing, dinner would actually be pretty cheap.* (*by "special evening out at famous NYC restaurant" standards.)
Loved this dinner and would go back in a heartbeat. Our reservation was for 9pm, we dined for 2 approximately 2 1/2 hours. I would recommend checking the website religiously everyday to score your reservation. Memorable: I have visions of foie lobe getting shaved over lychee in the line-up of bowls for the dozen diners. The only thing lacking was our chefs un-rehearsed explanation of the food, we had to listen to the other chef's recitation which was more descriptive. I took notes. No cameras were allowed at this point. The choreography of the food is similar to a catering set-up, multiple plates of the same course going out every 15 minutes or so. Downer: Sitting at a diner counter means you will smell like a kitchen, I would not recommend wearing a sweater. It was a hot house in there. Downer #2: I ordered the same cocktail twice and the 2nd time I swear they forgot to put the Campari in it. I must admit, a month has passed and I can only remember 1 item from the meal. The rest of the food was beyond anything I would normally eat, but it is close to the top of my list for the Michelin Starred restaurant tour we recently went on.
Our anniversary trip this year was to NYC and I knew we had to go here as our fancy dinner to celebrate a long ass time together. The online reservation system caused me quite a bit of stress, since it opens at 7am (PST) and the 12 slots they have (7 days out, everything is full every time so you're just looking at one day) fill in literally seconds. Register with the site a few days before you plan to book something, get familiar with it, and when it's go-time, have your credit card ready since you'll need it to secure your reservation. The venue is unmarked, except for their signature peach logo on the door. Inside is an L-shaped counter for 12 people, seated on barstools (with hooks under the counter for your purse, yay!), and the 3 chefs prep your meal in front of you. You definitely need your reservation printed out (btw, they called two days in advance to confirm your reservation) and there were two gals who checked you in, kept your water/drinks filled, took away plates/silverware, and replaced with new. There is one restroom at the end of the hall, stocked with cook books. Now, I've had an omakase meal sitting at the bar before and felt strange the whole time watching the chef make his creations, but at Ko it was different. The three chefs moved/chatted easily among each other and were engaging guests in conversation. The music was a bit loud but it was chef's pick so it was interesting to hear what they wanted to listen to. Onto the food. To start, we had a pork rind with some fancy salt. It was inhaled in 2s. I already anticipated this so I was alright with this. Next was a trio of small bites. The first was a PNW oyster with a light seasoning, a cube of chicken pate sandwiched between two thin crispy layers of something, and finally a fried cube of rice covered with uni, amie?? which was delicious! These three signaled the end of the small bites portion of the meal. We had mackerel (three strips) with fermented bean paste, pickled jalapeno, and young cilantro. Chicken sausage (other reviewers say the sausage also had snail, but I don't remember) and crispy chicken skin with house made noodles and shaved romano (or some other salty cheese). I really liked this. It was the first real substantial portion. Smoked egg (the most perfect egg ever with lovely yolksac that somehow stayed intact even though the white could be pulled away easily with your fork until you pierced the thin membrane) with caviar and tiny fried fingerling potatoes with a touch of salt (basically, tiny tiny chips). SO. GOOD. Gruyere consume with a large crouton covered in caramelized onion? The consume was so nice and flavorful even tho the broth itself was thin and watery. How was such flavor packed in there? Two scallops with dehydrated pineapple and sunchokes, in this odd sauce which they presented to us and then poured this green fizzy juice in it. It kind of tasted bitter (unpleasantly so) but the scallops were really tasty. After watching him cook 3 sets of scallops in front of me, I really wanted to know when I'd get to eat that..and as a whole, it was just eh. But the scallops were really good, perfectly cooked, and a large size. The dish everyone raves about, the shaved foie gras over lychee and pecan brittle. So different. So unique. Served in an odd shaped bowl that was kind of hard to eat out of but whatever. The cold foie gras felt odd initially and then melted into a smooth, warm, meat/fatty taste on the tongue. The pecan brittle was different, and all three intermingled into an interesting combination that I've never had before. The last main dish was a medallion of venison, cooked med-rare, topped with huckleberries served with mashed celery root (I really liked this) and shaved brussell sprouts seasoned with mustard oil. After watching him cook the venison which was in a perfect tube-like shape and then cutting the pieces several times in front of me, once more..I was like: When do I get to eat that?? The two desserts were: Fruit sorbet over a condensed, thick cream (kind of like flan) and caramel sauce. It was very nice and cleansed the palate. Coconut something with passionfruit cream (normally I don't like passionfruit but I liked theirs), banana (served in this weird gelatinous tube shape), and chocolate. There was way too much going on here, but it was tasty. I think I would have preferred the desserts to be switched. Like others have mentioned, they kind of pair you up with another couple so you're both eating at the same time. The couple who came in after us, got three courses all at once and once they were caught up, they were eating rather quickly. I didn't mind speeding up since we were planning to visit Milk afterwards (and would be cutting it close). Since we were the last reservations for the day, we saw the chefs wind down by cleaning up their stations and enjoying some bourbon on ice. I felt bad for rushing out at the end, but we thanked each of them and left a nice tip. Thanks!
So, this is how I first heard about Momofuku: My mom had been listening to "Whatever with Alexis and Jennifer" on Sirius radio. Someone called in and said they were going to NYC for the weekend, and they wanted the name of a good, interesting restaurant that wasn't some crappy tourist hellhole. So, they recommended Momofuku. Needless to say, my mother called me right away to tell me about the spot before she forgot... So, my friends and I decided to try it out. We stopped in for a late lunch, and it was great. I had the chicken ramen, and I really enjoyed it. Just a heads up: Be prepared to wait--it's a popular place. Also, the tables are pretty cramped, and you may share a table with other parties.
I give kudos to Chang for coming up with such a brilliant scheme to further-hype the already hyped enough Momof**kyou. You have to earn your golden ticket by racing the online reservation system at 10 AM. There is literally a countdown clock that you have to beat before losing your spot to another hopeless foodie. Needless to say, I was able to grab two spots for a Thursday night. You can already feel the exclusivity of Ko before you even open the doors. No awning,  much less a window that suffices a view. Just a sticker of a peach. A tasting course restaurant or a 1930's speakeasy? You just can't tell. The ambiance is like of an modestly sized izakaya, which oddly enough, works. Pretentious, you would think, but this toned down setting actually helps you to focus on the twelve-something courses that the chefs are about to throw at you (almost on a speed-dating tempo.) The servers are nothing more than to place your mise and guide you through the beverage listing (they had me at Dewazakura Daiginjo) but I would say 3/4 of the experience is provided to you by the chefs. I can't necessarily say service was friendly, but if you could cope with the fact that chefs are not people-pleasers, this shouldn't bother you the slightest. I must say, the $200 for this palate-joyride was well worth spent. A number of these dishes emulated classic American comfort food, but in a tasteful, subtle humor. Toasted onion brioche with Gruyere reduction? French onion soup. Slowly poached egg with caviar and fingerling chips? Eggs Benedict. Beef tongue with ricotta and sauerkraut onion? Philly cheese steak. But have no fear, this is a no fried chicken/bahn mi/bossam zone. The shaved foie gras on lychee and wine gylee is an absolute delight and not to mention the desserts were just as impressive. Coconut crunch, passionfruit, frozen bananas, chocolate cake, and meringue ... all in a few spoonfuls.   If you can appreciate Chang's play-on-food in an open-minded nature, Ko is the place for you. I can say that this place certainly blew me beyond expectations. My only complaint was my neighbor who insisted on showing off to his friends about what a sake-aficianado he is by loudly breaking down the different types of dewazakuras. My dining experience might of improved slightly had he kept his douchey-ness to himself. Other than that, A+.
I know what I ate, I know what they are going for and I didn't think it tasted that good. David Chang and the Momofuku name has resonated somehow throughout the culinary dialogue here in the US and so on my last trip to New York I hunkered down and hunted for a reservation at the 14 seat restaurant that is Momofuko Ko. They only accept reservations a week in advance so I set my alarm, woke up early and was able to book a seat. All I had to do now was wait for my time. Entering the space it looks like a modern clean japanese restaurant. I took my seat and was asked if I had any allergies, I have none. Since the restaurant is tasting menu only I was shortly presented with one of two amuse bouche and diner commenced. Then as quickly as it started it ended. I left thinking, "What a waste of a meal in NYC." There is a movement now of cooking as art. As a food lover it is a dialogue I try to follow that dialogue. Unlike painting or dance we need to eat. Unlike looking at intentionally ugly painting, because we eat this art and "ugly" food is poison. We take in cooking as an art in a very different way then photography. I can see that what the chefs here at Ko are trying give me a new experience and trying to engage me with food in a new way, but nothing I had here was particularly good or original. Perhaps what I has was original at sometime, but was replicated by so many it no longer seems that way anymore. Perhaps I expected too much. I left with an experience that was flat. Service was solid. No hiccups. Everyone knew what they doing and execution was smooth. No cocktails here, but beer and wine are available. I am not planning to return.
My wife became obsessed with the idea of going to Ko after seeing David Chang on an episode of No Reservations with Anthony Bourdain. I decided to take her there as a surprise for her birthday. Reservations are only available online and very difficult to get. Why is that? Ko only seats 12 at a time. Honestly I had not done any research on the place, I just knew she really wanted to go, so I didn't know what to expect. I was initially surprised at how small the place was. The seats are actually stools - and you sit at a bar facing the chefs. The decor is nothing to speak of either. I immediately realized that this experience is all about the food. And what an experience that was. With a $125/person prix fixe tasting menu, this experience doesn't come cheap. But I have to say that these were the most creatively combined and prepared ingredients that I have ever had: - Shaved Foie Gras atop Riesling gelatins, lycees and pine nut brittle - Oxtail broth with onion jam and braised oxtail dumplings - Spiced wine sorbet with elderflower syrup The dishes kept coming for 2 hours - and we both left full and delighted. If you're a foodie this is the place for you. But if you're looking for a swanky night out you might want to look elsewhere.
Simply Perfect.  This is where you go when you want to pay $125 for dinner, and you want that money to go towards great food instead of fancy decor or huge vaulted ceiling rooms.  You have to jump through the Momofuku reservation system hoops, and be flexible with your schedule, but it is well worth it.
Pure food. Understated. Immersive. A sense of Yang. That's the story that the food and atmosphere told me. I came here with a friend, and this was my "big dinner" of the week. Big, meaning the one meal that would require reservations and cost over $200/person. No regrets on this count, the meal was splendid and I came away feeling very pleased. Favorite dishes of the night: the pasta with mushrooms and toasted buckwheat, and the shaved foie over chilled lychees. The latter is not a surprise - I'm still bitter that California banned the sale of foie, but the pasta dish surprised both of us which made it the underdog winner of the night. Beverage pairings were excellent. Gotta love a pinot noir that doesn't punch me in the face with jamminess that most California pinots do. I hate being punched. More restaurants should step it up and pair courses with beverages beyond wine. Like a cocktail, a sake, or a beer. Interestingly enough, the only other restaurant I've been to that's done this well was another asian fusion place. Well done, Momofuku. It's not a meal for documentarians. No photos allowed, no cell phones, and there's no menu to reference - the good folks working in front of you simply tell you what they're serving as they lay the dish in front of you. They might repeat it upon request, but at this point it's best to put the pen down and enjoy the moment. Or maybe I need to learn shorthand. I particularly enjoyed the intimacy of the restaurant. It's so tiny, the prep area is out in front, and with just 12 or so people sitting at the counter, it's small enough to feel like a community, but big enough to allow each group their sense of privacy when they need it. Let's see, the names I can recall of the people working that night: Troy, Adam, Hugh. Thanks, guys.
I'm not a fan of Asian fusion restaurants and normally I wouldn't go to one, but I was visiting a friend in NYC and she wanted to go to Momofuku. This is a Michelin Star restaurant so I figured the food would be impressive. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. The prices were extremely reasonable and I got out for under $100 including drinks. The waitress was a klutz. She knocked over and broke the water glass at the table next to us. I also think she forgot to enter our order into the computer. After we placed our order within moments everyone around us received their food even though we were seated before them.  I was irritated and finally said something since it had been 45 minutes after we ordered. Our waitresses response was oh well the food you ordered takes extra time to prepare. I found that shocking since our neighbors ordered the same shit. We also ordered the ramen and I know that doesn't take extra time to prepare since they have vats of hot broth sitting on burners. When the food finally came it all came at once which was annoying. The ramen broth was bland. The steamed pork buns weren't really buns. They were more like steamed pork pita pockets. It wasn't a complete disaster, but I won't be going back.
Pretty darn good!!! But the service is a bit slow!
60% Good Asian inspired tasting, but some issues in ambiance & service. ***Short Review Came here for their $175 lunch tasting with approx 22 courses. Food was overall very good, although maybe not my absolute favorite. I think their best dish was their shaved foie and their crudo plate. Some of the food, like lamb meatball in tomato sauce don't seem at place for fine dining. Although prices are somewhat comparable, I don't think it consistently wowed me on the same level as some of the other fine dining options in NY & CA. To me, the cooking was fun, very accessible to most palates, and varied. Based on the value of the food alone and number of courses, it seems reasonable. If I had to rate Ko for food alone, I would have given 5 stars & 85% That being said, I think the ambiance and service didn't work for fine dining. To sit for 3 hours on hard stools, cramped seating, servers/customers brushing against you, poor ventilation is difficult. Between that and the relatively cold, if not snooty, treatment from the chefs, it easily becomes the most uncomfortable fine dining environment I've sampled. I feel while it may bother some more than others, it' just didn't work for me. I think it would have been a lot nicer to have the same food & price at the noodle bar. The no photo, no sound recording makes it very challenging to document the experience, but I feel they are perfectly within their right to establish this. Apologies ahead of time if some of the info on my detailed 'dish to dish' review is off Reservations can be tricky, I seem to have secured mine totally at random. Nonetheless, this is definitely a place I would recommend anyone remotely interested in fine dining to try. Agreed with Micheal U that ordering a bunch of dishes at Ssam or noodle bar wouldn't be such a poor alternative. Detailed Review will go further into each dish. This will be a longer review with multiple updates. ***Detailed Review The first ten dishes were generally smaller, resembling canapés.  Portion sizes were more modest, giving anywhere from one to three bites.  The pacing was more aggressive than I'd care for.  It was difficult to sample everything slowly, jot a few notes, and keep up.  Pacing was more relaxed afterwards however.  Note no menu descriptions were given, so I made up my own to what I thought was the most accurate description.  It is inevitable I will miss out some details & I apologize for that. 1) 'Confit of Shimeji mushrooms. Cashew mustard sauce'. (Dish Rating 88%) Shemeji mushrooms were fried with a very light, delicate batter.  The batter wasn't heavy or greasy, lending the dish with soft crunch.  The mushroom inside were tender and tasty.  I loved the sauce used.  It resembled more of an aioli with a sweeter, nutty flavor, and some bits of chopped cashews inside.   There was also a mild hint of mustard flavor in as well. Nice light batter.  It was great starter that managed to achieve a good balance of flavors which I felt were fun and accessible.  Like many dishes later, it would remind me at something you might have at a more modern and creative Japanese izakaya joint. 2) 'Raw Washington oyster with yuzu'. (Dish Rating 87%) Unfortunately I forgot what type of oyster was used, although I recall they might have been sourced from Washington.  There was a single oyster served over some ice, and a light yuzu based sauce was served on top of it.  I'm not a huge fan of raw oyster but I loved this preparation.  The oyster was fresh and has relatively subtle brine.  It was sweet, juicy, and delicious by itself.   The yuzu broth served on top wasn't too aggressive giving the oyster some clean subtle citrus notes in a balanced way.  The clean flavors combined with the pleasant chilled temperature of the ice gave this dish a very light and refreshing character.  I do think it would have worked best as the very first dish. 3) Braised Turnip with American caviar and horseradish sauce.   (Dish Rating, 80%) Third small dish, which again seemed very similar to Japanese 'Izakaya' dishes.  The centerpiece is small chunk of braised turnip, with a generous portion of caviar on top.  The veggie offered more of a soft, tender texture backdrop yet not too much flavor.  It was pleasant to chew on worked nicely against the caviar.  The caviar itself was nice but probably a bit more muted in flavor than I'd like.  The light horseradish broth gave the turnip some mild spice. Overall all flavors were more on the subtle side, maybe more than I'd like, but it was an effective dish nonetheless.  Temperatures were more on the lukewarm to cool side.  It was again more of a light and refreshing dish, although maybe not the strongest. To be continued, please refer to earlier review
Before I write, I should just preface that I live in Tokyo now (but was borned & raised in Manhattan)...so to me, I am a bit spoiled food wise. Anyway, I've written my review under 4 stars, but in reality, I think it is more like a 3.5 for the food/value and 4 stars for the exclusivity/service. This meal was of course a full dining experience as first of all, it took me 3 days + 3 people to make this reservation for my sister's 30th birthday. We finally got it, but what an ordeal of waiting by the computer and counting down the seconds til the system opened up at 10 am EST. Anyway, here's how it went down. The 4 of us arrived to the restaurant 15 minutes early but since the guests before us had not yet finished, we waited by the standing tables at the door until our seats were ready. After 20-25 minutes, we were seated and began dinner. From my memory, here was what we had: Amuse bouche: Trout wasabi olive oil in a soup spoon Amuse bouche 2: A crisp ball with shimeji mushrooms and a seasoned pork rine each Diverscallops over an avocado creme puree and cucumber snow on top. *** Branzino with bok choy Uni, melon edamame, dashi soup stock Poached egg, local NY sturgeon caviar, potato chips *** Fluffy shaved foie gras over a lychee gelee and pine nut brittle mixture. *** Halibut with wasabi *** Hanger steak Green tomato sorbet*** Rhubarb and goat's milk ice cream Home made chocolate truffles For every plate we had, presentation was precise and clean. Chef's worked diligently to prepare the ingredients and plates, and were never seen taking a break. Service was decent and Of the entire meal, my favorite dishes were the ceviche-like scallops, poached eggs with caviar, shaved foiegras over lychee gelee and pine nut brittle, halibut and the green tomato sorbet. I would have been very happy to have just those dishes again, if it were possible. For some of the other courses we had, the flavors occasionally were muted and lacked originality. Perhaps it was the lack of salt in some courses or slight overcooking of others but whatever it was, it was just short of capturing that awe-ing moment. I would come again, but at 150 + wine, tax, service charge & tip...I'll wait for someone else to take me instead of vice versa. This place is very different for New York and has some excellent plates, but probably don't need to come here again (especially given I'm traveling from Tokyo) unless a special occasion requested by a good friend.
Need to sign up for the website and be ready to click for your reservation spot at 10am sharp. @$100/pop would seem a bit extravagant but you are getting 10 dishes of food so come hungry. I would say overall food is quite good and creative. They chef prepares and cooks for you on the spot in front of you at the bar area where all the patrons sit. For me, 8/10 of dishes were superb but didn't give it 5 stars as i wasn't feeling the shaved foie gras dish and my desert had ice cream w/ a touch of olive oil in it. Menu changes so it maybe different for you. My fav dish was def the short ribs....yummmy
Oh my. The bf did real well. Surprised me with my birthday dinner here last weekend.  I won't bore you with all the details about this place.  It's been reviewed plenty of times.  All you need to know is: 1. It's difficult to get reservations so plan ahead 2. There's no menu 3. I think it was a 13 course tasting menu 4. The restaurant seats 12 people at a time, super small and intimate 5. There were three amazing chefs that cooked everything, right in front of us 6. For the most part, the dishes were creative, delicious, and very different than anything I've ever tasted 7. Nice sake and beer menu 8. Don't come here asking for substitutions.  You will eat what they will make you. Come here with an open mind and you'll be blown away.  There was only one dish that I was "meh" about. Probably the best restaurant I've been to... ever.  Yes better than French Laundry (and about half the price).
God's came up with the beverage pairing here.  The first thing I consumed at Momofuku was a Plum Gin drink.  As I sit here drinking gin I fantasize about it.  The courses and beverage pairings only got better.  We had spicy lamb ribs with sour beer, definitely the highlight for me and my fiancee doesn't even like beer, but she finished it.  The fish courses were amazing for simplicity and epic taste.  Scallops with sake and cucumber snow...  I just had to leave the five even though it was a month ago. Unlike other beverage pairings, do not get alcohol before coming here...
cool place and all, i like the lay out and feel of it but its really not worth it. no waiting bar, slow table turn overs and WORST RAMEN EVER! it tastes like watered down instant ramen with so much msg and grease you will pass out and call it a night within an hour.  huge let down....
Warning: long descriptive review! Went to Ko this past Saturday night, second trip there and will definitely be going back when their menu changes. I heart Ko lots. I love it for all their highs and lows (there are no lows for me but some may beg to differ). A few of the "bad" I want to address: 1) Yes, many of the ingredients seem like they are all wrong for each other & that's how I describe the food at Ko to my friends, flavors that might make you puke at the thought of them being in the same dish, but absolutely heavenly when you put it all in your mouth.  Such is the smoke egg caviar dish where the egg is perfectly soft boiled and has been cut to look like pac man spewing out the creamy yolk and caviar. The real genius of the dish is that it sits on a bed of onions with a bit of vinegar and fingerling potato chips and when you get that perfect spoonful of creamy yolk, smoky caviar, carmelized onions and what I call classy salt and vinegar potato chips I just want that insane goodness to be burned into my tastebuds forever. If your tastebuds and or brain cannot handle such a complex marriage of flavors and ingredients do not go to Ko because you will give it two stars and ask why you paid $125 for a meal that didn't taste good blah blah blah, you can read the naive bad reviews at your own leisure. I am here to rave about Ko. :) 2) The chefs are stuck up and don't chat with you, they give you attitude blah blah (you can read those reviews too). First of all I don't know what planet people who write that come from. You must not really work or if you do you must suck at your job. How would you like it if you were working and someone keeps on asking you questions and wants your attention? That wouldn't work well. The chefs at Ko are making and plating and serving all the dishes not to mention cooking and searing meat to perfection. I found their attention just adequate and yes I even felt loved just being able to watch the preparation and when the chef was in between dishes I asked him questions about my dish and he was informative.  I don't get the sense of entitlement that some people think they have... you paid $125 for awesome FOOD not to chat with the chefs. That's a BONUS. 3) Decor is sparse.  Yes, you sit around an open kitchen space that is L shaped with backless stools and there is NO decor in the space.  I don't care about the ambience as much as I care about what's being served.  If you need visual effects go to a rave bar... Highlights of my night: Spanish mackerel with yuzu (a citrusy sauce).  What I realllllly loved about this dish was the fact that the citrus dressing (with other flavors) hits your palate first, it's tangy, citrusy, a bit salty and then at the end you taste the mackerel.  You get a whole mirage of flavors on your tongue and then it's gone.  MmMm Shaved foie gras on top of reisling gelee, lychee and pine nut brittle.  I don't have the words to describe this dish, the foie gras is frozen first which is why it can be shaved into a light fluffy pile and it just melts in your mouth, a soft pile of creamy duck flavored goodness.  The perfect mouthful is a bit of that sweet from the lychee, a bit of the reisling gelee and just a hint of the crunchy pine nut brittle and it's a party all on it's own.  I can eat bowls upon bowls of this stuff for the rest of my life. The smoked egg caviar dish I mentioned on top. Last but not least, the duck breast.  Speechless, I am too busy drooling.  How can anyone in their right mind say it doesn't taste good?!  It sits on top of sauteed mustard greens but it is first pan seared (judging from the crispy skin) because it is finished off in the oven and what you get is a medium rare piece of duck perfection.  The skin is just cristpy enough to get that bite and the duck breast is sooo tender and succulent it oozes juices.  What does it taste like?  Smoky, delicious, partly cripsy, mostly tender, and juicy as hell piece of duck.  It really is done well and definitely leaves you craving more.  It's my duck crack. Everything else is prepared and cooked with love. Cheesy, but yes, I feel like the ingredients have been loved on and obsessed on by the chefs and just to sit there and watch them make the food and serve it to me in real time is $125 well spent.
I agree with everyone else, the over the top means of getting a reservation here is bananas but worth it, at the end. i set my alarm for 9.50 am on sunday morning and kept refreshing my computer until it hit 10.00am and quickly signed up for the one of the two spots available for dinner the following saturday. i felt like a crazy person and i couldn't believe that  i actually entertained the idea that this was what I had to do, in order to experience the ride. and what a ride it is. its a white water rapids ride for your tastebuds. the chefs put combos together that i never would have thought but all of them surprisingly worked. if you're in the mood for a foodie delight and 12 different surprises, then this is your place. make it happen
david chang's new momofuku ko, in the east village, nyc... 10 seats at the bar on stools with footstep and hooks for purses under the bar.  open kitchen where dished are either prepared or finished by one of 3-4 chefs right in front of diners.  one restroom at the back of the restaurant that looked like it may be wheelchair accessible, but not sure. clientele ranged from young, hip foodie-types to older suited gentlemen, but atmostphere and attitude is laid-back, non-stuffy, and very collegial.  music ranged from older 80's pete townshend, to alternative band luna, to reggae favorites.  great vibe overall. $80 prix fixe for 8-10 courses $50 wine pairing pre-amuse was a spiced chicharron with togarashi pepper, from Four Story Hill Farm, paired with a sparking rose labrusco - salty and sweet, the crackling of the chicharron echoed the effervescence of the lambrusco amuse bouche, housemade toasted english muffins grilled with whipped pork fat and sea salt, garnished with chives served with a sweet. very light, not intense pork flavor or excess grease.   sliced fluke with buttermilk whipped with a touch of sriracha, poppyseeds and chives, paired with sparkling sake poochi poochi.  chef expertly sliced the very fresh fluke seconds before serving.  whipped buttermilk was an original take on fluke sashimi which i've never heard of before.  delicious. homage to korean cuisine - a kim chee consomme with raw oyster and grilled berkshire pork belly.  pork was of rare quality and paired nicely with briny oyster.  kimchee flavor was almost indiscernable but broth was just rich enough to bring pork and oyster together.  one paired with red wine, one with an ommegang white ale.  i preferred the beer. sous vide chicken egg with hackleback caviar, crispy fingerling potato chips and microgreens with sweet and tender onions and dash of soft vinegar.  caviar was briny, but mild, egg had texture of being soft boiled, but seemingly more robust flavor. pan roasted scallops with bacon dashi, black trumpet muchrooms and sliced myobi.  classic scallops and bacon combination with a slight japanese twist.  fragrant myobi was a very nice touch - added texture and flavor.  scallops were not fishy or gamey at all, perfectly crusty on the outside. a torchon of foie gras grated over a mix of Riesling gelee, caramelized pine nuts and lychee.  ridiculous.  just perfect.  garnitures were placed in the bowl, then chef took the frozen foie gras torchon and furiously grated a fluffy mountain of goodness on top.  everything literally melts in your mouth.  foie gras was mild, riesling gelee was fragrant and smooth, just acidic enough to bring out the foie.   a slow-cooked, then fried beef short rib with grilled scallions, pickled carrots and braised radish with mustard seeds, paired with a rioja.  very reminiscent of kalbi flavors, but not heavy or greasy like many braised short rib dishes.  very intense beef rib flavor.  again, very original - have never had short rib like this, and by far my favorite short rib presentation.  stewed daikon was not at all bitter, and mustard seeds were mild and fragrant and added a nice caviar-like popping texture. Miso soup with grilled rice cakes paired with a clean sake.  very basic and nothing special or extraordinary about any of the ingredients.  seemingly, a filler dish in case the meal hadn't filled you up. palate cleanser was sorbet (no picture).  one was pineapple, one was canteloupe.  i preferred the pineapple. fried apple pie, sour cream ice cream, miso paste paired with house-made. interesting idea - sweet, tart, salty combination.  apple pie was really something.  very light and crispy, not too heavy or buttery.  sour cream ice cream was really really nice with the pie.  miso paste was interesting, but too intense - ended up trying to eat around it.  perhaps a lighter, sweet miso sauce would have balanced better?   overall, fantastic meal.  felt slightly rushed and would have appreciated a little more time to enjoy and perhaps a little more detail from the chefs in presentation of the dishes, but given the relatively modest pricing of the menu, and general informality of ambience, was not expecting luxury service either, so bottom line - very very happy with the experience.  the wine pairings were really nice as well, and really complemented the dishes.  not necessary, but certainely added another dimension to each dish as they cycled through reds, whites, sparklings, sakes, and beer.  might wait a little bit to go back to give them a chance to change up the tasting menu.  then again, would go back just for the fluke, the egg, and the foie!
They say "..a picture is worth a thousand words". On June 15th 2011, I was one of the lucky twelve mere mortals in Manhattan to attend the Laurent Gras (L2O) fourteen course dinner at momofuku ko with David Chang expediting the service. No formal review is required. Please enjoy these stunning images from this once-in-a-lifetime tasting event. (Photos powered by Picasa) Slideshow:http://www.flickr.com/photos/remydwd/­sets/72157626972608988/detail/
I went there once. It is kind of a "You have to visit once" place. Very expensive for the food alone, but you are also paying for the experience. There is only like 8 seats around the counter in a tiny room and you see the "chefs" preparing your food right in front of you.  Most of the dishes are small but tasted great and creative except the steak, which was cold and had no taste.
Overrated and overpriced, but still not a bad place. While my first experience there left me not wanting to come back (the berkshire pork was waaay to salty), subsequent visits have changed my mind. Some of the things on the menu are really good - the buns (chicken or pork), the crispy bacony brussel sprouts - and some a questionable, like the shrimp with poached eggs on cornmeal garnished with scallions. The eggs, though poached, were so runny that the texture was just a little gross if you thought about it too much. The shrimp, while flavorful, were a little overpowered by the cornmeal. I ended up concluding that I didn't mind it so much, but my dining companion was not a fan. Noodles: while the soupy Momofuku Ramen noodles were delicious with the pork belly and the Berkshire pork and the poached eggs, they were particularly exceptional. Plus, since I couldn't finish it that night, I brought half home to eat the next day. When I pulled it out of the fridge the next morning all the fat from the broth had risen to the top, forming a thick white layer of solidified fat about half an inch thick - good thing i didn't know how much fat was it in when I ate it the night before, otherwise I may not have been so inclined to have it. Nonetheless, if you don't really care abou the fat, the noodles are really not bad. Not my first choice of a place to go (especially since there is usually a wait for a seat), but not a bad place to be either. If you really want noodles, go to Menkui-Tei a few blocks away or if you want to support David Chang, check out his Ssam bar instead - they have the steamed buns too!
Wow. Some people really like this place and like to write a lot about how much they like it.  I'll keep it short. I went amidst all the fuss.  It wasn't worth it.  I left not very full.  If there's something you liked, it's gone in a few bites.  If it's something you don't like, it's gone in a few bites.  I didn't care for most of the things and of the ones I liked, I didn't even remember what they were the next day. I had expected better service or better explanation from the chefs there given the ratio to diners and that wasn't there either.
Fantastic and exactly what you expect from a restaurant like this. Only one course had a misstep in our opinion and that was whatever our second course was sauced with was not at all pleasant but everything else more than made up for it. Chefs were all friendly and polite. The half or abbreviated pairing is still offered but not on the menu and it was more than enough alcohol to leave us both feeling nice but not drunk which I think a full pairing would have. Courses as best I can remember several days later: amuse: Chicharrones smoked trout rillettes asparagus custard "kobe" beef courses: diver scallop sashimi - champagne pairing trout ?? sashimi - this had the unpleasant sauce under it dairyless clam chowder - best course. I would probably hurt someone for another bowl. the person seated next to us whined about how she didn't like it and we both considered asking her for hers. in retrospect we probably should have and damn what they thought of us for it. white wine pairing iirc poached egg with caviar and potato chips with a side of potato rolls and smoked butter - specialty local brew beer pairing sea bass with a fennel broth - more white wine foie gras with lychee and gelee some kind of crepe-like dish that neither of us were that impressed with but wasn't bad - just a hard sell in terms of falling between two really, really great dishes - honestly I can't even remember where it fell in the meal because it was forgettable. duck with turnips and blood orange - red wine pairing coconut lime sorbet on some type of meringue - moscato pairing grapefruit sorbet with cookies
This place is always packed and I sometimes wonder why we try to squeeze myself in there for ramen... something I can get at so many other places (usually at about half the price).  But after my first few bites of whatever I order, I remember why I come here so frequently.  Not only is it a hop, skip, and a jump away from where I live, but this is special stuff...  from the pork buns with the ubiquitous Berkshire pork (this ingredient is all over their menu) stuffed with cucumbers in the fluffy buns to the flavorful, spicy yet sweet kimchi stew (my two favorite dishes), Momofuku serves up memorable dishes that are sophisticated yet simple.  I also love the roasted rice cakes (great consistency) and their signature Momofuku Ramen (noodles taste home-made and the broth is so soothing).  It's also fun to sit at the counter (you have no other choice), order Japanese beer, and watch the kitchen action (which sometimes includes some yelling and verbal abuse to the worker bees) and all the people waiting to get seated drooling over the dishes being served.  My prediction is that this place could easily become a franchise... let's hope it doesn't but given the positive reviews from critics, the ever increasing popularity amongst all age groups and ethnicities, and the Korean entrepreneurial mind running this place, I wouldn't be surprised.
Momma, Fuck U cause this food is slamming! The inside is designed pretty well for a small space. Local food mixed with Korean specialties is a homerun. Momma Fuck Me.
I managed to get a 4 person reservation for lunch at noon on a Sunday, after much frustration dealing with the online reservation system, and while I'm not usually one to buy into restaurant hype, a meal at Ko was definitely worth the endless clicking and the three hours lost on a Saturday afternoon. The service was friendly, and the chefs are attentive and pretty open to chatting and explaining more about the dishes. The real knockout dish of the service was by far the lamb which according to the chef, is "arguably the best lamb in the United States" due to the fact that the animals are raised holistically on a farm in southwest Pennsylvania. By searing the lamb really simply with minimal seasoning save for salt and pepper, the flavor and texture of the lamb was allowed to shine through. This being David Chang, other dishes were of course innovative and delicious, though I found both dessert courses, particularly the last (chocolate and corn parfait) slightly underwhelming. I shared the alcohol pairing by course which was a good idea seeing as there is a good possibility of getting quite sloshed and falling off the stools after three hours of marathon eating. I'll definitely try my best to be back.
3.25 stars (sorry...) Had dinner w/ three other people on Friday night.  (I like to add that I managed to get two reservations this week!  hahaaha)  Let's start off with the rating.  I'm giving it 3.25 stars (rounded to 3) because of several issues.  I'll start with 5 stars and work my way from there.  I'm gonna be picky b/c if the New York Times rates this place 3 stars out of 4, it better be damn good.  Plus you're charging $100/person to sit at the bar. 1. Minus 0.5 star for kicking us out of the restaurant because my party and I (four people) arrived at 5:50 pm.  Apparently the restaurant wasn't open until 6:00pm (which happens to be our reservation time).  If that was the case, why was the stupid door unlocked?  Did they not realize that patrons do show up early sometimes?  The hostess made us wait outside in the humid hot weather.   2. Minus 1.0 star for being very stingy on the $50 wine pairing and, unbelievably, serving them at incorrect temperatures (TOO WARM).  I can take the small pours but serving it too warm?  That really bothered me.  The sauvignon blanc, viognier, rhone, and pinot noir probably were good wines but I couldn't tell.  The whites should've been served anywhere from 43 to 50 degrees, depending on the variety.  The pinot and rhone should've been served at around cellar temperature (57) or cooler, NOT room temperature which was about 70-72 degrees in that place!!!  ATTENTION: CONTRARY TO WHAT YOU'VE BEEN TOLD, RED WINE SHOULD NEVER BE SERVED AT ROOM TEMPERATURE!  All of their red bottles were standing on the counter and not in the wine cooler.  Although, I did see some bottles in the ice bucket.  Serving at the correct temperatures is not hard to do.  It's not like they didn't have a wine cooler.  They had a small one near the entrance.  Surprisingly, the sakes and beer were fine.   As for the amount, the hostess/waitress poured probably, at most, 2 ounces for every wine and beer, and even less for sake.  I'd advise people not to get the wine pairing.  Someone on this page wrote that they were tipsy after the wine pairing.  I don't see how that's possible since my low alcohol-tolerant companions even felt that it wasn't enough alcohol.  They get hammered after one full-sized drink. 3. Minus 0.5 star for David Chang not being very friendly.  He didn't even greet us as we sat down.  I know you're a superstar chef but at least greet us!  There was no one in the restaurant and he was literally two feet from us.  I didn't realize it was him at first because his face is much larger and meaner in person.  I guess he gained some weight.  (In his defense, the waitress/hostess said that he had been feeling sick in the past week.) 4. Minus 0.5 star.  Service could've been a little better.  Having plates kinda thrown in your direction doesn't help (Well, not really thrown but Mr. Chang would set the plate a bit hard and kinda nudge it towards you...you know what I mean.) 5. Minus 0.25 star for some of the dishes having wilting veggies and garnishing.   6. Plus 0.5 star for Mr. Chang partially redoing the duck dish.  My friend had just stepped out to use the bathroom when Mr. Chang was about to serve the duck.  Mr. Chang realized that my friend was gone so he put the plates on the stove.  After my friend returned, Mr. Chang decided not to serve the dish b/c it was too cold.  He removed the duck and threw out everything else.  He replated the dish w/ the same duck and it was served.  Even though the duck was not as hot as I had expected, Mr. Chang did the right thing. 7. Plus 0.5 star for Mr. Chang actually cooking.  A lot of these celebrity chefs don't cook anymore in their restaurants. So we're at 3.25 stars rounded to down to 3.0.  I wished I could've given it 4.0 stars b/c I like the food. As for the dishes, 1. English muffins soaked in pork fat and pork rind - good 2. Fluke sashimi with spicy buttermilk and popply seeds - very good 3. Oyster mushroom soup?? - not sure but it was just okay 4. Smoked chicken egg w/ caviar, onions, potato chips - very good 5. Sweet corn ravioli with chorizo and lime zest - EXCELLENT!  My party and a few other patrons agreed this dish was amazing. 6. Shaved Foie Gras with Lychee and Riesling Gelee - very weird but not bad. 7. Grilled Halibut - good 8. Duck with cherry reduction - good.  Wished it was a bit warmer 9. Pineapple sorbet w/ candied pineapples - very good 10. Yellowcake ice cream w/ raspberries - Wow.  EXCELLENT! I enjoyed dinner in the span of two hours on the dot.  $100/person is a bit expensive but you're getting very inventive dishes.  I was hoping for the braised short ribs and panna cotta to be served but Mr. Chang likes to change the menu.  He said that the ravioli just came out about 1.5 weeks ago.  I'd go back again but will do without the wine pairing.  I think I'll BYOB and pay the $45 corkage.  This is probably the best 3 star restaurant in my reviews.
This is a tough review to write. I want to give Momofuku Ko 5 stars, but I don't think the full dining experience was 5 star worthy. Here's what I will say. Momofuku Ko is as good as food gets. The chefs are highly skilled, meticulous and wildly innovative. My ovaltine coconut strawberry dessert was absolutely stunning. In fact, every dish during our 2 hour tasting was remarkable. I recall disliking one dish, but that was based on my personal preferences. In reality, it was still well executed. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and he recommended a bottle of Lallier Grand Reserve that highlighted his professionalism. It was a beautiful bottle of champagne. I can't bring myself to give it 5 stars because of the pace and atmosphere of the dinner. I know that I signed up to eat at the bar. I appreciated the chance to witness my chef's work. I enjoyed it in theory. In reality, it was a little uncomfortable. I also took issue with the fact that we were eating right on pace with the couple to our right. Again, I realize that they are on a schedule, but I was all too aware of this the entire night. Momofuku Ko is a dining experience that cannot be missed. I would highly recommend it to everyone. Just keep in mind that the focus of the evening is on the food. This is not the environment for intimate conversation or a doting waitstaff. Get in. Sit down. Eat incredible food. And get out.
Outstanding food and an extraordinary meal. But the staff seemed bored and disinterested. I suppose throwing a dinner party for 12 people every night is not the most exciting job. But the food had me practically doing a happy dance, you would think they could at least feign a little enthusiasm. Maybe have a word or two about the wine pairings? (the woman pouring the wines could not have been more over it) Maybe bring in some of the staff from Ssam bar where they seem to really love what they do? 5 stars for food 1 for service
this place is so fucking nasty.
Ok. It's always hard to impress when the place you're going to is SUPPOSED to impress you. That being said, I was pretty damned impressed with Ko. You probably know the drill, 3.5 hour lunch, about 16 or so courses, all fresh and based on what's in season, yada yada. We did that whole affair, and I think were the only people in the restaurant that got the decadent drink pairings as well. Because I mean, go big or go home, you know? I just spent like 20 minutes trying to recount ever dish I had in excruciating detail, but look, I'm going to be honest, I forgot a lot. Not because they were forgettable, but because right when I had tried something that I was 100% sure was the best _____ I'd ever had, I then had another dish that was so surprising that it made my short term memory flicker and things got lost. Honestly, my advice would seriously be to let yourself just get lost in your meal, and not try to document every second of it. Because I was so self conscious with sharing this crazy dining experience with only 11 other people, I was hyper aware of the fact that no one had their cell phones out. It was insanely refreshing, I just let the amazingly talented and down-to-earth cooks do what they do best, ie: blow my mind. You know the food is going to be good, you know that it's going to be a different experience every time, you know that it's not cheap, so the only thing that  I might be able to add is that get ready for some twists. I can't tell you how many times I saw a dish and "knew" what it was going to be like only to be insanely wrong, in the absolute best way. Now I need to go back for dinner!
would probably give 3.5 if possible. Each dishes was pretty good and unique.  One disappointment was the pasta dish, just didn't stand up to the other dishes or many pasta places in NY.  Although each dish was good, after a while (10 courses) many of the flavors and texture combinations seemed repetitive: rich/fatty/butter with a crunch texture.  So one drawback is that the dishes were good individually, but didn't really complement each other.  The other drawback I can think of is the value.  The price is a bit steep.  However, to end on a high note, the shaved fois grais over lychee and peanut brittle was amazing.
Am sad to say i did not love this place.  Staff is great and was patient with my wine pickiness.  I loved watching the chef prepare the dishes but i expected more with all that hype.
Playful food, serious eats. My wife -- Elite Yelper Michelle T. -- dials numbers and clicks buttons faster than anyone I know. This talent has served her well: Starting in her teens, she won so many call-in radio contests that she was blacklisted by San Francisco's alt-rock station. These days, Michelle's blazing fingers are put to work securing un-get-able dinner reservations. So despite: (1) Ko's first-come-first-served online-only reservations system, (2) the crushing demand, and (3) the fact that there are only 12 seats in the joint, I wasn't surprised when my wife got 4 of us into Ko on a Friday night. (She actually managed to secure spots at Ko on 2 of the 3 nights we were in NYC. But we canceled Thursday's reservation because her speedy dialing got us into Per Se that night. How awesome is my wife?) I'm damned grateful. I don't think I've ever had a high-end meal that's been as creative and fun as the one I had at Ko. It beats even Alinea. I love, first of all, that Ko's super-casual. No need to dress up -- just throw on a T-shirt. The food's the focus. Everyone sits at the wooden counter, watching the handful of super-skilled Moscot-frame-wearing hipster chefs do EVERYTHING, from prepping to cooking to plating to serving to cleaning. And all in workmanlike silence, pausing only to describe the next course, or to hum along to the Velvet Underground or the Smiths on the stereo. That doesn't mean the diners are quiet, though - the shaggy-dog atmosphere is loose and not at all hushed. Ko, after all, strives to project an anti-establishment image -- what other four-star place has a bookcase filled with well-worn cookbooks looming above its toilet? And the food? Every bit as jaw-droppingly good as the stuff at Per Se or Eleven Madison Park, but the flavor combinations at Ko were by far the most surprising. We started with 3 small plates: A fennel granita with macerated strawberry and huckleberry; a lemony slice of grilled Japanese eggplant sitting atop a hazelnut paste; and a bite of airy, crunchy chiccharones sprinkled with togarashi. Next up: two raw courses. First, thin cuts of sushi-grade Long Island fluke, accented with pickled cherry peppers, dots of salty fermented bean paste, and crisp slices of baby ginger bulb.  Then, tender beef carpaccio with charred scallions, microgreens, dried flakes of quark cheese, and creamy streaks of horseradish. One of the chefs then presented us with fatty, crisp pork strap, Kumamoto oysters in the shell, Napa cabbage and white fungus; over this, he poured kimchee consommé. Every bite was amazing; I loved the briny burst of oyster in the tart, warm broth. Another chef prepared a "Pac-Man" egg: On each plate, he arranged a lightly-smoked sous vide egg atop caramelized onions and butternut squash purée, and then cut and pressed the egg slightly to release the yolky goo. Hackleback caviar was dolloped on top, and fingerling potato chips completed the dish. Then: a bowl of tortellonis stuffed with a paste of Korean chiles and onions, served with lobster mushrooms, deep-fried sweetbreads, and pickled watermelon. Sadly, the bowl was too small for me to fit my head inside; I would have otherwise cleaned it with my tongue. Next, corn velouté was poured over perfectly-steamed halibut dressed with XO sauce, compressed tomato, and corn tempura. It was sweet and tart and spicy, and at once tender and crunchy. But it wasn't nearly as awesome as Ko's signature dish: A deep, fluffy pile of frozen foie gras shavings, under which we found sweet chunks of lychee, Riesling gêlée and pine nut brittle. This umami sledgehammer struck every single pleasure center in my brain. One last savory course: Spice-rubbed Elysian Fields lamb rib with vinegared kohlrabi terrine, coconut oil, and leek "cigarettes" filled with Greek yogurt and chives. If I had a nit to pick with this meal, it'd have to be with the pre-dessert palate cleanser: onion ice cream float, served in onion soda. On its own, the subtle sweetness of the onion ice cream wouldn't have been bad, but I wasn't a fan of the soda. At all. It reminded me of the burst of saliva that gushes into your mouth right before you puke. I much preferred the actual dessert: Tiny cubes of raw apple and apple gêlée, topped with toasted apple bread, and accompanied by charred applesauce and golden raisin purée. Oh, and oatmeal ice cream dusted with burnt apple powder. We finished with a little mound of buttermilk gelatin infused with white chocolate and mint, and rolled in powdered corn. Smooth, sweet and slightly sour, it was a very nice end to a very memorable meal. All too often, four-star dining means eating in stuffy rooms, wearing uncomfortable clothing and trying to hold in a fart. Not at Ko. Watching the chefs work was a huge treat, but being able to eat with our hands and make noise (with our mouths) made this a standout experience -- like crashing a casual dinner at a freakishly talented chef's apartment.
Wonderful experience. So glad we got to go. My favorites were the shaved foie gras, the egg & caviar and the beef marrow brioche. Highly recommend it.
I cant remember the dishes I had but I personally think it is worth trying. I have been to his two other restos prior to going to Ko so i had some expectations. But it was a pleasant surprise. I liked it a lot and even got served by the infamous David Chang. The next day also found out the two couples sitting next to us were the ones on the grub street blog. The most memorable dishes were the foie gras with reisling gelee and lychee. I hate foie gras but it was not bad. Chang might have been a bit disappointed that i didn't eat the escargot. He tried to convince me that it was the best quality of escargot but that wouldn't make me forget that it was once a slimy little snail. Thankfully my company gobbled it while David wasn't watching. Also had the short ribs which were delish! English muffin was good but nothing extremely special. The coddled egg is also one I like very much. The cereal milk panna cotta was more loved by the bf. I thought it was just cereal milk. But probably by the time you read this the menu has already changed. So I would delightfully go back to try what new things he has to offer.
Could it be? Uni with tofu skin? The sticky orange stuff of the sea clings to wrinkly pale-yellow shreds in its own slightly slimy sauce. A sublime reunion of strangers. "What is this?" I ask Peter Serpico, Chef-Partner at Momofuku Ko. "Yuba," he replies. "Tofu skin. You boil unpasteurized soy milk, and" -- he sweeps a gigantic rondeau off the stove and angles it toward me -- "the film that forms on top is it." Inside, the congealing soy proteins look like a science experiment gone wrong. But David Chang, Master of the Momofuku World, is no mad scientist. Exhibit One: the textural folds of yuba serve as a perfect vessel for the briny-sweet sea urchin. I used to think Chang, this monopolizer of James Beards, just had to be overrated. Now, after Ko lunch, the latest manifestation of his talents, I've resigned to eating my words - and licking every last plate of this 16-course tasting. That is, there are more courses than seats; only twelve wrap around an open kitchen, which allows for voyeuristic fun - right down to the painstaking platings. Don't look over at your neighbor, however, or you might be struck by a serious case of dish-envy. Fortunately, everyone is eventually served the same courses. Enough about the impossibility of scoring a reservation at Ko. It's about time we started talking about the food, instead. Chang plays with cross-cultural comfort foods, often creating unprecedented flavor combinations that appeal not just intellectually (like in the WD-40 and L'Atelier traditions, for example) but viscerally, as well. Viscerally, like so many sparkling hackleback caviar, larger and less salted than most, spilling out of a Maine oyster. I pucker and slurp in order to catch every last bead.   Pickled watermelon, stretching the last of the summer's bounty, is a juicy, sweet foil to buttery Elysian Fields lamb: this is what a picnic barbecue in the afterlife would taste like. Tangy white peach sorbet with cinnamony streusel ganache and milk crumbs, a few courses later, is peach cobbler pristine and immortalized despite the onset of a particularly chilly October. Three and a half hours later, I don't feel obliterated by the amount and selection of food and drink. What I love most is the lobster chawan mushi. This silky steamed egg custard, and variations thereof, is a favorite of Japanese and Chinese tots everywhere. Here, it's all grown-up, studded with chunks of lobster that stand in for the umami that is usually provided by dashi or dried shrimp. "This ain't how my momma made it," I couldn't help but burst out, as the chefs within earshot look up in alarm, "even though she loved me better!" Tasting: $160 Wine pairing: $95 (To maximize value and experience and avoid getting totally obliterated before the last course, I recommend sharing one wine pairing between two people.) __________ YES, YOU CAN GET A RESERVATION My friend is a Ko-pro: he's scored at least a dozen reservations. (He didn't actually use all of them.) You can, too. Here are some tips: 1.Try on Saturdays and Sundays. It seems that people put their best foot forward during the workweek but forget (or are still fast asleep) on weekends. 2.Be overeager. Begin clicking rabidly just seconds before the clock strikes 10a.m., say, at 9:59:55. Believe it or not, this makes a difference. 3.If you fail on Saturday, keep your browser open for Sunday. That way, you can hover your mouse cursor over the exact spot on the screen where the green check that marks your desired seating time lives. Due to the economic times and the higher-priced lunch, you're likely to find getting a reservation for lunch is becoming increasingly easy. A final guerilla tactic is to check the page frequently about 24 hours before the start of each lunch service to scoop up a last-minute cancellation, as people drop their reservations to avoid the $150 per head fine. **************************************************­*************** NOTE: Written November 2008, but I still stand by this after one dinner and two lunches. However, Ssam Bar has really grown on me (or grown up)!
Love, love, love love love!   The service, the wine list, the creativity, the chefs, the atmosphere.   Second time, and looking forward to trying the wine pairing option next visit.
shit's too salty.  my gf & i needed 10 gallons of water to keep hydrated.  long wait & somewhat expensive considering i drank pure salt for an hour.
Since Momofuku doesn't post it's menu I've decided to post a indetailed recap of our Epic 13 course meal. I'm sure this menu changes often, so there's no guarantee that this is what you'll be served when you go. We had: 1. Lobster, mushroom, green bean soup 2. Chinese broccoli with salmon roe 3. Pork rind, uni, mustard seed on taro chips - awesome! The uni was perfect. 4. Curry broth w/ chili oil, coriander and shrimp - loved the broth, but wasn't a huge fan of the slimy shrimp 5. Mackerel tataki, braised seaweed, red cabbage, roasted red beet puree 6. Brioche toast, bone marrow, carmelized pearl onion, lemon confit, gruyere cheese lemon coup - amazing. The soup was sour and sweet. The bone marrow was *slurp slurp* delicious 7. Smoked egg, soft onions, cavier, potato chips 8. Homemade pasta, beef tongue, fried sourkraut, greens - amazing if you eat it all in one bite. Separately the items aren't as good. 9. Fried skate, chestnuts, cauliflour, olives, frosted almond milk - salty, but good 10. Shaved frozen foie gras, lychee, Riesling wine jelly, pine nut brittle - lovely pairing of lychee plus win jelly. Such a creative and fun dish. 11. Duck, braised parnship w/ pumperknickel, Chinese mustard greens, parsley leaf puree - I enjoyed the parsnip and duck but wasn't crazy about the parsley puree 12. Sancho peppercorn sorbet, apple soda, apple marmalade - I wish I could've had 4 more scoops of this 13. Doughnut w/ pumperknickel, apple marmalade doughnut w/ parsnip and caramel ice cream While I wouldn't say this restaurant is in the same realm as Jean Georges or Eleven Madison Park, I've never experienced something quite like it. It was cool to watch the chefs in action and see how remarkably smooth they are. They had the timings down perfectly and the kitchen was just humming like a well oiled machine. Three chefs dished out 13 courses for 12 people = 156 total dishes for our seating alone. Impressive. The atmosphere is relatively casual and most people are chill and laid back. Wasn't that pretentious as I expected. The chefs were also very nice and willing to explain the dishes when asked. So I'm rewarding this place 5 stars for the unique experience and creative cuisine.
David Chang, you cleverly hype up Momofuku Ko by that reservation system of yours. In order for you to have a chance to eat at Ko you need to make sure you are sitting in front of the computer at 9:59 am a week prior to when you would like to go. Then you must rapidly hit the refresh button. Then you pray at 9:59:59 am that you get that you get a chance to pick and choose your reservation. If you do then you are the lucky few 6-10 that can attend 2.5 hours of deliciousness during that time slot. Well I was lucky enough to grab a reservation for 2 during January 2011. We all know about David Chang's rule for Ko is not to take pictures, but screw him I got them all in. Also, the talk about the cooks being rude is not true at all. But then again we were the first ones in. It is super casual, something that you wouldn't really expect from a 2 michelin star restaurant. The dishes- when it was good it was great, but when it was bad it was really bad (2/12 dishes). The high points was the amuse that we had simple yet tasty, it was a chcharron we only had 2 pieces, i really wanted to ask for more but decided not to. The other dishes that I enjoyed were: - brioche with burnt onion powder, bone marrow, pearl onion, in gruyere broth - soft-cooked hen egg with hackleback caviar and fingerling potato chips - shaved foie gras with lychee, riesling gelee, and pine nut brittle (highlight of the night) The worst was the fluke and some other dish that has some disgusting foam. It was so bad that I blocked it out. I would go back again, just to see what they have for the menu. It changes a lot based on the market and seasonality, so you will almost never have the same thing twice (except for the staple items) unless you go back the next day.
Overrated!  I don't understand the lines outside of this place at all!  I am a noodle person.  I love noodles, but the noodles at Momofuku were just nothing special, if not too salty.  The amount of sauce on some of the other dishes (for example in the little bun/sandwich things) were a little overwhelming as well.  I did like the spicey korean rice cakes though.
My first review was within the first month of it's opening. Having eaten there recently... I have noticed three differences. 30% + increase in prices Smaller portions The stick protruding out of the chef's a** A note on the third difference: I could care less if someone doesn't smile or act friendly. But rolling your eyes and being impatient that you have to alter your menu due to a food allergy is just unprofessional.
I'm not expert in ramen but it was one the the tastiest meals I've had in long time.  I had the prix fixe today- oyster bun, oxtail soup and pretzel truffles.  The buns were good, nothing too exciting.  But the oxtail ramen was delicious.  The flavors were complex, the broth was delicious, the oxtail had the right about of fat- oh it was good.  I haven't eaten the dessert yet, I'm still full but I would imagine since people like the Momofuko Milk Bar it will be a good dessert. The service was excellent and the lycee slushie.,,,wish I could take a gallon home with me.  It was awesome.
I've been trying to get reservations since Ko opened, and finally was able to snag one to celebrate the BF's birthday.  What a great present.  We were both thoroughly impressed.  Dining will never be the same after this.  One big thing we came away with after our dinner was that this place is SUCH a good value.  The ingredients, the innovative cooking, the cache of getting a resy here, the wine pairing prices, all could easily drive up the price at least 100%.  But at $100/person plus $50/person for the low tier wine pairing, this is a bargain.  At the end, of course, we were ready to die from being stuffed to the gills.  Plus, when we were there, David Chang was cooking, and the amount of kitchen theatre (not so much cooking, but just funny kitchen happenings), made it an even better experience.  Everyone has expounded on all the individual dishes, so all I say is that I loved it.  Not everything was perfect, some dishes should probably be thought out more before being presented to diners, but I love the risks that are being taken here.  Two of my favorites were the soft boiled egg with caviar and the uni with scallops.  I am a fan of the Momofukunation of New York City!
five stars. purely for momofuku's berkshire pork buns. OMG. they are eyes-rolls-back-in-your-head AWESOME.  i am not exaggerating when i say that i can eat these everyday.  the most tender piece of meat, stuffed in a delicate asian steamed bun, with some crispy slices of cucumber. holy cow.  or holy pig! overall, my momofuku experience was fun. yes, it's a tiny space. yes, the service is mediocre. and yes, it is a LOOOONG wait. but the long wait is definitely made better if you sit in the coffee shop/wine-bar next door---have a drink there and the momofuku hostess will come in and look for you. promise.  and honestly, the wait is really truly worth it.  the noodles here are disgustingly tasty-- i think they put crack in it. crack, or MSG. who knows? and if you're a pork lover, this is heaven. also try their fried rice cake with chili sauce.
First off, I wish I could review with half as much detail as some of the other reviews. And secondly, I don't think my vocabulary carries the appropriate adjectives to describe some of the food I ate here. I'll be brief and leave it to my girlfriend to elaborate on course details. -Reservation making... If you were to try to be as fair as possible and insisted on keeping your restaurant exclusive, but attainable, how would you go about making the reservation system? I think Ko nails this. BUT yes, it is seemingly impossible to make a reservation. Took me several weeks. I set reminders on my iPhone for every day at 9:55am. And everyday I logged in at exactly 9:59:99:99 and found the reservations to be booked the very second the clock hit 10:00AM. Somehow I scored two seats on a Friday or Saturday at a decent time. So, yes the reservation system is frustrating, but anyone can make reservations, and it's not impossible. -The food was very good. I enjoy large portions, Ko did not offer. Understandably. I can truly say, that I was able to eat some of the most interesting food, combinations, flavors, textures, and presentations I could never have imagined... We had something like 12 courses and I left pleasantly full. Again, please see a post from "Kaye", my gf, who documented almost each plate. She will go into specifics. Plus, so many other people broke down the dishes. They can benefit from my deferral. -The service.... I thought everyone was very nice. The greeter and what could best be described as drink order taker was great. He was able to match drinks well and was very attentive. The cooks were the ones I was let down with. I would have appreciated a little more interaction. It was a quiet space, with pretty decent music playing. But I felt like the cooks/chefs/whatever you may call them, could have provided a little more interaction. They served the food and recited what was in it, but didn't add much to the experience. I'm not asking for someone to sent shrimp flying around the room from spatulas or steam rivers of saki from ketchup bottles into my mouth. But "engagement" is what I was looking for. -The music actually caught my attention, and while I cannot now recollect a single song, I remember being impressed with the song selection. - Next time I will choose to pair drinks with my meals, I ordered a bottle of wine and a couple beers and spent just as much as the drink pairing would have cost. And I doubt my selection paired as well as the preselected one would have. - Okay, this review is getting lengthy, which I planned not to do... So to sum it up. ... Definitely worth the money for a special night, (gf's birthday dinner [[one week late, since reservation making is tough]]) It was a lot, around $400-something for two people. But I've never had food like this, and might consider going again, during another season, when the courses are bound to be different. *Glad to have been. Will not go back for a long time. BUT, I  will be looking forward to my next visit, which I really hope there will be - good luck making reservations!!!!!!
Definitely one of the best restaurant experiences in the country, food was excellent across the board and over a 2 hour dinner it was a good amount of food so no need to worry whatsoever about "leaving hungry".  My favorite was a perfectly cooked halibut dish with beautiful flavors and textures but everything was great including a number of dishes with predictably tasty broths.  The space is unique but everyone was friendly and they seem to take reservations and seat people in a manner designed to ensure interaction among the patrons as well as the staff.  As far as the sevice, the entire staff was exceedingly friendly and honestly the only rude, obnoxious people I saw were a few on the customer side of the counter.  Despite the great food and service, I have to say what really put Momofuku Ko over the top was the beverage pairing - not cheap for $95 but WOW!  It was a mix of local liquor, Belgian beer, sake, sparkling wine, and both white and red wines which were all amazing on their own but even better paired with the food.  Truly a memorable experience, this place definitely deserves its Michelin stars and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in this type of experience focusing on unique food & drink.
As far as American Ramen history, this is the place..........I don't think there would be the ramen explosion there is now without this restaurant.  You can say what you want about the ramen itself, whether it is the real thing or not.  But David Chang made Ramen/Asian Food accessible to an average New Yorker. I remember when David Chang first opened his restaurant, I was truly excited.  NYC did not really have an excellent Ramen place.  There were good ramen places in NY, but they did not compare to my hometown Ramenya's in Los Angeles/Orange County or in Japan.  I skateboarded here from midtown for lunch many times.  I even bought my Earthwing Thruster so I might ride in better style. The front-end of the Thruster is a bit too pointy for the subway and I'm too old to ollie on the streets of NY.  I brought my coworkers here to try their first good Asian food, that wasn't out of a box.  Everyone loves a good pork bun.  The food and service is always great order anything on the menu and most likely you will like it. I have lots of good memories here and I am sure I will have many more.
The food was excellent. The service impeccable. The concept of an open kitchen with only a few seats, all of which allow you to see your chef prepare each meal worked really well in my opinion. It really enhanced my experience as we were able to follow the whole process and work that goes into preparing an amazing dish. I believe a chef usually takes care of serving four people which makes very personable. Yes it is pricey and it may be hard to get a reservation. But it's worth the experience.
This review is like 4 months late but here goes. I took my bf here for his birthday dinner. OMG it was the most wonderful food and the best overall experience we ever had!!! Everything was to the 10s. Done so well, put together so beautifully and consistent. Every time we finished a dish, the staff just slipped right in and next thing I know, our dirty dish is gone. The portions were a good size. Just enough bites and can still keep on coming. Everything we had was fantastic. It was soooooooo good. Really need to go back there again for the different season tastings. It's a pricey set menu but so worth it. It's a must go place.
This morning, I woke up drooling. It sounds gross, I know, but I think I actually dreamt of my 10-course meal. I don't know how to explain it but Ko really blew me away. The fluke sashimi was like butter, bathed in this spicy buttermilk sauce w/ yuzu, parsley, and poppy seeds. I loved the poached egg, it's yolk spilling out of it's center, with spoonfuls of yummy caviar, fingerling potato chips, and sweet pickled onions. The sweet corn ravioli topped with chorizo and more corn was also perfection. I will admit my unrefined tastebuds didn't care too much for the foie gras... but it wins serious points for innovation. Other dishes were solid, and even though the desserts were fairly simple, they completely won me over (lychee sorbet w/ sesame sand; yellow cake ice cream and peanut butter crackling). I can't wait to return!
This is the meal that might have spoiled me for good. I've done quite a bit of extravagant dining in NYC. As with any tasting menu format, I go into it with the expectation that I will not be completely wowed by each and every one of the double-digit number of dishes presented. As for Ko, the best (less than academic) adjective that comes to mind is: yummy. Delicious, yes. Tasty, of course. But really, each and every dish was yummy. And such a casual word seems apropos to the seemingly casual variables that make up the Ko experience: the grungy facade (I think the word that inappropriately fell from my lips was "shithole" when I finally found the front door before I entered); the welcomed lack of a dress code (although no one came to the party scrappy); to coziness of the room (the stools were not uncomfortable at all); a suitable volume of eclectic music (which was not raucous rock and roll as I had read in previous reports); and the focused, good natured humility of the staff (who were all warm, friendly, and seemed very proud of their amazing work). Truth is, although the much lauded egg/onion/caviar/potato and shaved foie dishes were fantastic, they were not the standouts. One of my gripes about current hip cuisine is this framework that appears to mirror haute couture in fashion (i.e., it's fun to look at, but you are never going to wear it to the supermarket) or these goofy menus that read like a randomized group of ingredients that are trying desperately to work together (i.e., elk, gasoline foam, "Cheez-its", candied artichoke). This was my initial fear about Ko. My fears were squarely dispelled and unjustified. Without the benefit of photo documentation, I was presented with a better benefit - concentrated attention on an exquisite meal. One dish sounded at first to be a bit too prosaic: celery root tortellini, with celery and black truffle. How they coaxed so much depth of flavor out of the veg is commendable, and it wound up being my favorite dish of the night. I really don't like squash, but the Delicata squash cake (smartly pan grilled on one side) with olive oil ice cream was heavenly. I want to go back. I'm pretty sure I will go back. It's tempting to want to delve into the longer lunch format one time. However, the amount of food served at dinner was kind of perfect. I was not over-served and uncomfortable, but rather, perfectly sated. Even writing this review gives me a little smile of residual satisfaction on my face. Chang and team deserve each of their two Michelin stars. I remain grateful that I was able to click on one of those green check marks in time.
It definitely IS worth all the hype and more!  I'm not going to bore you with all the details about the food since its already been described many, many times.  I have to say you have to keep an open mind when going to Ko.  I'm not a lover of raw seafood, but one of my fave courses did include them.  You will end up loving something you thought you'd never try.  That's how amazing it is.  Can't wait to go back!
Holy Crap this was an amazing dining experience! If you have a few hundred to drop for dinner - come on, you're in NYC, you should splurge once in a blue moon -  take the time to stalk their webstie for a few weeks - that's how long it'll take for you to get a reservation - and head over to Ko for one of the best meals you'll ever have. I've been to five-star restaurants, and I have to say this is top 5, dare I say top 3. Maybe it's the open kitchen in front of you so you can watch the chefs prepare your dishes with such detail and passion. Maybe it's because there are only 12 seats so you don't feel crowded. Maybe it's because the food is just so damn good. Now, I'm the type of girl that can have fois gras or street meat and eat them both with the same admiration. Food is food and I love all equally. (Well, maybe I love some more than others, but there's enough food-love to go around - but I digress...) A tip: If you decide to order the beverage pairing to go with your meal, prepare to get bombed. I know I'm not a big drinker these days, but having a different cocktail for each course - and there were several - you'll get... well... BOMBED. D-R-U-N-K. A few of the pairings went together magically, and I don't usually drink with my meal. The only comment I will make it that it might not be a good idea to serve champagne, then sake, then wine, then wine, then sake, then beer, then wine, then beer in a two hour meal. Yes, they were only tastings, and not full servings, but the whole mixing of alcohol only results in one thing (see above - starts with a D and end with a RUNK). I wish I could tell you about the dishes, but it might not matter, as the menu changes often and you'll probably end up with something completely different, but just as delicious. I'm hoping to check out their lunch course - I heard it was awesome and even longer, maybe 3 hours of culinary heaven. Just gotta start a new 'extravagant meal' fund - donations are accepted!
Berkshire pork here is fatty goodness! I L.O.V.E.D. the pork buns which pretty much resemble peking duck buns without the crispy fried skin. I'd give 5 stars for the pork buns! Shitake ones were okay. Ramen itself was okay. My boyfriend, who is a ramen snob, was underwhelmed as well. Not the usual fatty, msg-laden broth, but decent flavor considering. The peas and the poached egg were a nice touch.
Without a doubt the most disappointing meal I've had in recent memory. The food? Good (not mind-blowing), but honestly it was tainted by the service - in particular one man in the kitchen. One of the chefs, a man with "Elh" tattooed on his forearm, completely ruined this meal for my partner and me. Where to begin? For a meal that was ~$600, I expect quality on all fronts - service and food. Because the counter faces the kitchen, however, the presentation of the whole meal must be judged through a different lens. The chef mentioned above was eating the food he was preparing throughout the whole meal. Not tasting, but literally cutting off extra bits for himself because he was seemingly hungry. Not to mention eating with the same utensils he was plating and serving with. I also overheard him numerous times commenting on various diners. Now, don't get me wrong, I am not one of those sticklers for overly fussy/attentive service, nor one to be pampered at a dinner. However, considering the presentation (open kitchen), and price of this meal, there are certain expectations I bring to this restaurant. I have to say, the attitude of this chef literally ruined the meal for me, not only because I was in earshot of every word he spoke, but because the very nature of this restaurant puts the entire staff on a "stage" for the diner. Furthermore, the entire staff seemed disinterested and not passionate about what they were doing. Contrast this with, say, Eleven Madison Park (which is of comparable price), where the service seems EXCITED for your meal, to take you on a culinary adventure full of surprises and excitement. Ko, while serving interesting food, completely fell short on this front. Nobody seemed interested in the food, none of the chefs engaged us about what we were eating, how it was prepared, where it came from, etc. It was an entirely anemic meal, and in combination with the tattooed chef's smug, shitty attitude, a huge let down and ultimately quite sad for me. I have been super excited to eat at Ko for months (if not years). The exclusivity of the reservation system implies a new, different approach to eating out. Frankly, this meal left a terrible taste in my mouth (no pun intended). I've eaten at many delicious, exciting restaurants in the city, and I have no inclination to come back here. In fact, I would advise against eating here on the basis of the way this meal was presented. Don't take me for a bitchy, overly-sensitive diner - I really am not. I can't remember the last time I left a restaurant thinking "wow, that service was bad." It was THAT bad and offensive though, and it's very disheartening for a restaurant like this. Bummer.
Last night was my 7th trip to Ko and I can't wait to go again. In brief, it was everything I remembered from my previous trips and then some! New additions to the menu since I last visited in September were the skate wing in almond milk foam and the duck breast over mustard greens. Both dishes were knockouts! It was the best piece of duck I have ever had. I had to be refrained from going into the garbage for the scraps. The usual items such as fluke sashimi in buttermilk-poppy seed, smoked egg with hackleback caviar and the shaved foie gras retain their classic status. Familiar, yet excellent. The smoked egg dish is on my short list of "last meal requests" if I'm ever headed for "the chair." Ko has never dissapointed me. I'm puzzled by the 1 or 2 star reviews, but "to each their own", I guess. Fellow Yelpers-If your review of Ko includes the words "pork buns" or "ramen", you did not eat at Ko. You were at Momofulu Noodle Bar!
I made a quick visit here before taking off back to Lala land. Good food, great ambiance and friendly staff. I want to visit again with a right state of mind (not hungover or bickering w/ the lover)... Definitely unique dishes and something for everyone. I heard the pork buns are amazeballs - can't wait to try this Fall!
first off, mad props to my friend who was able to get us reservations to this 12-seater restaurant.  albeit, our reservations were at 9:20pm, but this allowed ample time to get hungry after lunch to ensure i could enjoy the 11-course feast i would soon be enjoying. while michelin gives momofuku ko 2 stars, i can only give the restaurant a 4/5.  for the price, i have high expectations regarding service...while the chefs were helpful in explaining the multiple dishes which came out through the night, my water glass was empty for a long period before the waitress decided to drop by for a refill.  likewise, the chefs weren't as receptive as others have stated; yes, they knew their food and prepared it very well, but they didn't engage in conversations with us as we sat right in front of their preparation area. two dishes which stood out were the shaved foie gras over a lychee jelly and a peanut brittle and the egg with caviar and fingerling potato chips.  while both sound like odd combinations, they pair very nicely.  i'm trying to recall dessert, but it really wasn't memorable.  i think it was some apple dish with oatmeal ice cream, followed by another seasonal fruity ice cream (can't recall the name of the fruit...it was aight).   for the price, i had much higher expectations...
Okay. I admit I've only been twice, so this might not be a fair review. An exceptional experience both times. I definitely recommend the wine/beer/sake pairing they offer with their dinner and a date that will cover the damage. Omakase: this is for me! I really love to sit back and let the cook show off to me. I lost count after 10 courses, but I think it was about 13-15 total. Cozy and intimate ambience and chefs who like talking about food and their dreams of their own restaurants. :-) I will go again. That's for sure. It's the perfect type of meal for me and anyone who enjoys tapas-like meals and ultra-civilized crowds. Not five stars because I was not blown away by the food. The food was simply great. Once again, only two visits and I will edit my post if the third visit changes my mind. Or the 4th, or 5th, I'm a fan!!
This place is AMAZING!!! I've been dying to go forever and finally got a reservation so I took my friend for her birthday this week. It lived up to everything I thought it would be. We've gone to all the momofuku's and this is now my favorite. A perfect NY dining experience as far as I am concerned: unexpected, interactive, and delicious. It only has 12 seats so obviously it's going to be hard to get a reservation(duh) but its seriously worth it. The food was full of unexpected combos of textures and flavors but it all  worked really well together. 10 courses is a lot of food. Even though the plates are small, by the end you are left with a full belly. Mitch, Cassidy and Jonathon (nope, we're not food bloggers) were super cool dudes. I'm pretty sure we made some new friends that night! Get to know your chef, it only makes the experience more awesome. So ignore all the hate reviews and go check it out for yourself.
Well it took up pretty much most of my day off and I'll probably be hungry again in another hour, but....that was an awesome 3 hour lunch...definetily glad i did it. The flavors the chefs coax out of all those ingredients is unparalleled. I can't remember exactly how many courses I had..I know I started with 4 amuses to start and then maybe 13/14 courses. I'm not going through the courses because after three hours of eating and drinking I'm way too lazy right now, all I know id everything was really good and there was absolutely nothing that I turned my nose up at. Some of the suprises/ highlights: four kinds of sashimi with garnishes, mushroom salad with jalapeno puree, monkfish with sea urchin, lamb with salsify and pistachio plus a side dish of braised lamb neck, the famed frozen shaved foie gras over pinenut brittle, lychee, and riesling gelee, and goat cheese ice cream. I had 4 beers that were all really good with a  belgian sour ale called Rodenbach being my favorite. The servers and chefs were great and personable and it was fun watching them cook in front of me. Not a lot of food in the whole scheme of things, but as a foodie, it was $280 well spent.
First, let me re-emphasize rule #1: Do not write a review of a restaurant at which you've never eaten. Sometimes reservations are hard to get. Momofuku is a 12 seat restaurant that is very popular and their reservation policy is as democratic as it gets. Sorry if you couldn't get a seat, but enough with the QQ! I would like to add rule #2: Do not write a review for the wrong restaurant! If you're review says something like "I loved the pork buns but was kind of disappointed in the ramen," then you didn't eat at Momofuku Ko! Phew! Got that off my chest. My friends Darren M. and I have an annual tradition of taking each other out for a truly extravagant meal once a year for Christmas. This year he scored us a lunch reservation at Ko on New Years Eve. Good boy Darren. The 17 course lunch with booze pairings (in addition to wine they pair sakes and beers) runs a not-so-easy-to-stomach $275 per person. The meal however was very easy-to-stomach and was worth every penny. Of the 17 courses there was only one that I didn't like and several that were sublime. As for food details, you can read many of the long reviews below, or you can read Darren M.'s inevitable review of this same restaurant which promises to be detailed and very food-oriented. What I found the most entertaining and unusual was the setup of the restaurant itself. One long bar, diners at one end, chefs cooking on the other. Our chef (a former employee of Schwa Chicago (best restaurant EVAR!)) was a solid 300 lbs, covered in tattoos and chatted us up about Star Wars while he whipped up our 3 hour 2-Michelin star meal. The soundtrack ranged from Queen to Metallica to gangster rap, complete with heavy profanity. The whole atmosphere made for a very casual and totally different dining environment where it was clear that the food and your relationship with the chef were the main events, as opposed to highly formalized service in which your relationship with your server is in many ways the most important aspect of the evening. This version of fine dining is not necessarily better or worse than the other, it's just different and a really fun change of pace for the Daniels and Le Bernardins of the world. I think my 3 hours spent at Ko were probably the fastest 3 hours of my life. If I had any criticism about this meal, it's simply that it ended too soon. I could have stayed on for the 2 hour dinner no problem.
Favorite dishes: -Shaved fois gras with lychees and pine nut brittle -Mushroom salad -Deep fried short ribs -All the desserts (pineapple sorbet, miso ice cream with sticky rice) A culinary adventure worth having :)
there are a number of things that i really loved about this restaurant before even having the opportunity to eat here. the first of which is that when you get the reservation, you feel extremely fortunate to have the opportunity to eat in the restaurant. there are a very limited number of seats that every computer adept person is vying for at 10 am, stop watches optional. in many ways, it levels the playing field. it's nice to know that this isn't the type of place where any socialite can just slip the doorman (there isn't one here) a crisp andrew jackson, and know they're getting a hot table next to martin scorsese. getting a reservation here is more of a matter of "how bad do you want it" and "how quick are you at the draw". in fact, i am not ashamed to admit, that when my husband and i sat at dueling computers at 9:58 am on a saturday, and were able to secure a two person reservation by 10:00:48 am, i jumped up and victoriously shouted "we're winners! we're winners!" this was only our fourth try at getting reservations, but it is still that exciting after lurking the reservation site day in and day out and seeing nothing but the angry "denied" red 'x'. my feeling of being uber lucky was confirmed as the hostess/sommelier asked as soon as we were seated "so how long did it take you guys to get this reservation?" also, it's nice to see all equally eager diners saddle up to the bar. so, just an fyi, i didn't snap any photos as a) i've heard it's not allowed b) it can't make the chefs too happy to see someone spending fifteen minutes trying to get the perfect kodak shot while the dish gets cold, and i just wanted to enjoy the food.  also, we ordered the cheapest "wine" pairing... which was very worth it at $50 per person.   1. a pork rind... in fact... i'd call it the devil's pork rind. crispy, squeaky, spicy due to the togarashi pepper. this is the kind of pork rind that you want to seduce a husband with. probably not a model or tom brady or anything... but worth a try at any level.   2. an english muffin with pork fat, sea salt, and a few chives. i really enjoyed the clever progression from the lingering flavor of the pork rind, to chewy little english muffin doused/griddled with pork fat. transition and segway master...mr. chang. 3. fluke sashimi with chives, and drizzled with a spicy buttermilk. again, though an unexpectedly smooth transition from pork fat bread to a raw white fish, an excellent order of dishes. this can be credited to the buttermilk, which i would never think of as a good dressing to raw fish. 4. bacon dashi, shaved lobster mushrooms, chanterelles, fava beans, and a square-cut roast turnip. just a very delicious, clean dish. and how often do you get to say that about a bacon soup? 5. coddled egg with hackleback caviar, onion soubise, and potato chips. trying a little of each element @ same time = "party in my mouth". this was the dish where my husband began cleaning the bowl using the finger to mouth method. i could not blame him. 6. ravioli with a sweet corn filling, cochita cheese, tiny chorizo cubes, and pickled onions. this dish was a complete surprise, and a play between the sweet corn filling, the little kick and meaty flavor of the salty sausage, and the vinegary tartness of the onions. cheese, my friends, is always a bonus. 7. halibut with a pepperoncini pure. though this may have been the most classic, and least exciting of all the dishes, the real 'oh no he didn't' moment here was what was served as the beverage: an excellent pilsner from harrisburg, PA. 8. shaved foie gras, lychee syrup, riesling jelly, and pinenut brittle. no description of this dish does it justice. 9. duck breast and duck thigh, cherries, reduced red wine, green beans, bean sprouts, and crushed water chestnuts. this was an excellent end to the savory portion of the meal. is it that out of this world creative? no. it was just really really good. deserts: pineapple sorbet with dried pineapple - this was a great palate cleanser yellow cake batter ice cream with strawberries, pickled strawberry jelly, and peanut butter overall an amazing meal that combined not unusual elements...unusually. this is exactly what i like to see in a good, interesting restaurant. the atmosphere of the restaurant itself was fantastic. where else can i watch a chef, ask them questions near the end of the dinner service, and have the sweet sweet tunes of the misfits, led zeppelin, tom petty, the violent femmes, the beatles and (raise em up) iron maiden playing in the background? ?! !! ? so on that note, i'd say bring your game face, get out an old school stop watch, and get that reservation. you are in for an experience.
It's about time I tried Momofuku Noodle Bar!    I thought the soup was a bit salty, but the ramen was really fresh.  I could feel the springy-ness of the Ramen in each bite of my Tsukeramen.  Fresh is something I'm really into these days, especially in light of recent events (rats @ KFC, corrupt health investigations, and the like..)   I can't eat anything that doesn't sit well with my mind or my nose. This is definitely a place that deserves 3.5 stars - but unfortunately there is no half point rating system.  The food was fresh even if it was too salty, but the crowded cramped dining doesn't make me want to squeeze into Momofuku any time soon. Also - I think the food is a bit expensive for what it is.  Ramen, Hoisin Sauce, Pork Soup Base, some Vegetables, and a Semi Raw Egg for 17 bucks is a bit overpriced - I can do the same thing in my kitchen for 5 bucks, if that.   I firmly believe that most of the food we like to eat, we can make ourselves, cheaper and better quality - it's the atmosphere, the people we are with, and not having to wash a pile of dishes after, that we really pay for. I think I'll take some dishes in my spacious kitchen and living room, relaxing in front of the TV, over cramped Momofuku the next time I decide to get Ramen.
This is where it all began for me and my quest to for fine dining.  What's better then sitting across from and watching the chef's personally handcraft each item you are push into your pie hole?  The flavors and textures are simply amazing.  The concept and feel of the restaurant is more like sitting in David Chang's personal art studio.  The care and love for each dish made by the different stations through the night are simply amazing.  The best part of the night for me was getting an early seating and watching as the later patrons came in and tried what I had just eaten maybe 30 minutes earlier.  The look on people's faces, pure food porn. If you are lucky enough to have the opportunity to grab a seating at this place, you had better push aside everyone you love and/or care about and not miss this reservation.
wildly overhyped. i suspect everything has MSG. i really dont get it. as Angela G said, the broth is CHOCK full of sodium. blech. even my friend who had previously been a serious fan was keenly aware of the fall from grace.
This place wasn't easy to find - no sign outside and located two doors south of the Noodle bar (which I mistook for this place). Once you go inside, the small bar where all the seats are offers a great view of what the sous/exec chefs are doing. With all the hype surrounding this place and its top 50 place in the San Pellegrino restaurant ranking, I was so underwhelmed by the food here. Almost every dish sounded great with lots of promise when presented, but each one fell awfully short on the flavor scale (except the shaved foie gras over lychee). The shaved foie was the only dish that was actually very good. Amuse: fried pork rind cracker or a seaweed cracker for non-pork eaters (blah) Snail and chicken sausage with home-made noodles - blah Soft boiled egg on sauerkraut with caviar on top - blah Shaved foie gras with lychee - delicious! Scallops with dehydrated pineapple and mushrooms in a vomit sauce - the scallops were cooked pretty well but the rest of the combination tasted like regurgitated food, especially with the uncomplimentary pineapple Venison with charred and celery cream - ok Coconut custard with chocolate and passionfruit cream - ok Another dessert was also served but I have completely forgotten what it was...but it probably wasn't all that great Is David Chang's absence (in Australia?) the cause of such bland tastes or am I developing cancer on my tongue so I can't taste anything properly anymore?
In honor of both the lady friend's and my own bday AND our anniversary, it was a mind blowing experience. As pricey as it was, it is so worth it to get a reservation for the tasting menu and the beverage pairing which included sake, wines, craft beers, vermouth and some kind of rum horchata cocktail. As you go on it gets better and better. The chefs on the line were awesome and just chatty enough to not be intrusive on your visit but were quite welcoming and interested on who's dining with them. And the food! From simple tastings to full on app sized tastings. Highlights included: diver scallop in a celery and tomato water, stuffed chicken breast with sausage tucked under the skin, green pea ice cream, the comfort style bento box and so much more... Quite the adventure!
it's trendy and overrated.  bar seating only - which is fine if the ramen was better.  i got the momofuku ramen and it was really salty.  noodles weren't spectacular for the price.
On my RAMEN Scale of 1 to 5 Stars (1 Star - being bad, bland. 5 Stars - being: "Jeez, it's 100-something degrees outside with high humidity in the thick of Summer, but God, that HOT STEAMING RAMEN at *blank* place is what I'm craving right now!")...I give Momofuku 4 STARS. That's helpful isn't it?  Yeah, I'm a regular Helpy-Helperton.  At your service!
I like that I can add a personal review of this restaurant because it means I've been fortunate enough to snag a reservation. And doubly fortunate since I don't even live in NY city and was able to eat here while I was visiting some friends over the summer. I was served 10 dishes and I enjoyed nearly every single one of the dishes. Some more than others. I really enjoyed the caviar and poached eggs. I really enjoyed the fluke sashimi. I *gasp* did not really cared much for the foie gras and lychee dish. It is certainly innovative, but it didn't do it for me. My friend disagrees on that one. I really enjoyed the guava sorbet. What a palate teaser and cleanser. At the same time, I thought the deep fried short ribs were a bit too salty and fatty. That said, it was a great meal. Well priced for what you get. Very exclusive, which is awesome (to be there) and sucks (to have to fight for another reservation) at the same time. My final thoughts to the proprietors of this restaurant: Are the concepts in this particular restaurant not scalable that all this nightly effort needs to be limited to only 36 or so people a night? Good food should be accessible no? And having to be cash in your karma points just to get a reservation seems a bit harsh to me.
the ramen was great...but you gotta try the STEAMED BERKSHIRE PORK BUNS!!  bits of delicious pork in a warm soft bun....oh my god...*drool* very small, tight restaurant that's always crowded...but it was nice to be able to hang my belongings under the table update 4/25/07:  ok i actually just went again today for lunch, and, again, the berkshire pork buns were AMAZING!! but i must admit my momofuku ramen was not quite as tasty as i remembered....downgrade to 3.75 stars now
We really wanted to love this place based on its accolades, but it's just a horrible place to be in, cooks look dirty and use there fingers to taste everything, I don't need to pay $300 for people to poke my food thanks, music selection is horrendous, the hostess was rude and arrogant
Finally....scored a primtime reservation for Ko (7:40 on a Wednesday!).  I read all the requisite reviews and felt like I had a pretty good idea what to expect and was totally excited. First, the place is pretty stark.  There is no decor to speak of.  The bar itself is non-descript and even the kitchen lacks any flair.  Of course I understand the point is not the atmosphere but rather the food, but some creature comforts would be nice.  Maybe a picture on the wall, or a cushion on the stool.  Even the bathroom was bare-bones:  chintzy toilet brush next to the toilet, same towels for drying your hands that the cooks use to clean their stations.  Still...this is all nitpicking.  I just figure with the price of dinner here (being so high), some effort to appeal to the other senses would be nice. On to the food...started out with some little amuses: -Black pepper biscuit with mirin glaze - AWESOME.  I could eat a tray of these, really delicious -Roasted Carrot with cucumber and herbs in sour cream - very good, refreshing -Lobster (forgot the prep and accompaniments) - very good, properly cooked and had a pineapple something that added a nice contrast First real course was a Spanish Mackerel sashimi with a creamy sauce (forgot what it was) and lots of poppy seeds - AWESOME.  I could eat this everyday. The poppy seeds added a nice contrast and the sauce had a little heat to it. There was an oxtail broth with 2 types of dumplings (onion jam and braised oxtail), mung beans and basil (believe Thai Basil).  Broth was exceptionally clear and delicious.  The mung beans and basil worked well in the dish.  The oxtail dumplings were ok...kinda average, but the onion jam dumplings were the stars.  Incredibly light and flavorful. Time for pasta...hand torn pasta with fried chicken skin, snail sausage, herbs and black truffle shavings (might not be...could have been something else).  Pretty good.  The snail sausage had an unnaturally smooth texture and tasted like bland meat. Next was a Skate Wing, tossed in an almond crust and pan fried in butter with a little foam on top and grated Yuzu.  Good stuff...the skate was practically raw on the bottom though (the filet had been folded and the interior portion was straight-up raw).  I didn't send it back as I figured it was meant to be prepared this way.  Overall..it was a very light dish and had a lot of flavor, but I did not finish it. Then came the egg dish.  Yuck.  I don't like the flavor or aroma of eggs.  The chips were good and the onion marmalade stuff was nice.  The egg almost made me puke. Once the egg dish was done came the Foie Gras grated over lychee gelee (with some lychee pieces in it) and brittle.  Damn...this rocked my world.  It was like eating a bowl of Foie Gras ice cream.  The Lycee pieces really set it off, and the brittle made it just naughty. Last savory course was a piece of duck breast over sauteed Chinese mustard greens with Tokyo Turnips and pumpernickel powder.  Accompanied by a little duck meat/heart terrine with pistachio.  I just gotta say...this dish did not taste good.  The flavors were interesting, and everything was properly cooked and seasoned; but, for me the flavors of the greens, the glaze on the duck and the turnips all kinda tasted like dirt.  The little bit of terrine had a texture that seemed too smooth, almost unnatural.  I definitely felt this was the biggest letdown of the meal. The first dessert course was INCREDIBLE...it was a scoop of spiced wine sorbet with elderflower syrup.  There was some other flavoring the cook mentioned, but I forgot.  This blew me away...it was like nothing I had ever had before, and never will again.  I just cannot believe they made these flavors exist. Final course...Cottage cheese cheesecake with butternut squash ice cream and puffed cranberry.  Man...butternut squash just should not be made into ice cream. It tasted too much like, well, butternut squash.  Too earthy for dessert.  The cheesecake was phenomenal, but it had not texture.  It was closer to mush. For wines...I had a glass of Champagne and a few glasses of Chablis.  Otherwise I don't know that I would spring for pairings. Service-wise...there were 2 service staff.  They were all over anything I needed.  The cooks did a fine job telling us what was in the dishes.  Tipping is confusing because I wasn't sure if the cooks were part of the tip pool.  The 2 service staff were more like glorified bus staff/host staff (clearing, marking, refilling water, etc).  I guess they might have been able to make wine recs. if I had asked. Overall...a great meal.  I don't know the next time I would go back, but it was totally worth doing once.
This restaurant is fucking awesome. I had the chicken bun and pork ramen....OMG was it delicious. It gets only four stars though due to the lack of space.
One of the best presents from my parents this Xmas was a meal at any restaurant my boyfriend and I chose. Gotta take advantage of their generosity while it lasts! Momofuku Ko it is! I was in CA for a week prior and my parents had become vegetarian robots, so I was starving and on some ridiculous veggie cleanse. Basically, I was famished and dying to eat and David Chang's creations brought me back to life. So I will apologize ahead of time about the lack of detail. Sorry, I was too busy chowing down to take notes on each dish I had. A girl's gotta eat damnit! I would refer to Jen C. and Lianne Z's review for the dishes that are showcased. Because I am an absolute egg freak, I LOVED the soft boiled egg dish Brian M. and I had. Soft, cooked perfectly, and topped off by decadent caviar for that salty finish. The shaved foie gras and lychee dish blew my mind. B and I are foie gras whores so our eyes bulged when we saw how much foie gras was shaved on top of the lychees. Yep, that dish was gone in about 30 seconds. The staff was accommodating without being overly motherly. Service goes hand in hand with the Nirvana on in the background. Don't expect to be coddled and loved at some other high end restaurants. This is food David Chang style, baby! Cool, modern, innovative and kick ass food paired with "I'm too cool" service. I dig it.
I pretty much had the same dishes that many of the writers below have described, but my one comment about it all was I found the food way too rich. I just don't think my body could handle it and found myself feeling sick half way through the courses. I'll probably get booed for saying this, but I really disliked the shaved foie gras with lychee dish the most. It had a really strange texture and taste in your mouth. The coolest part of the whole experience was watching the chefs prepare the dishes, and watching the precision and care they put into every dish. However, describing it to you for the millionth time is probably not high on their list of preferred things to do while in the kitchen, which explains the aloof demeanor. If you can get a reservation, I would say definitely try it!
Even though I have no fear of big chunks of fat in my meat/food, I'll say, the pork buns are "ok".  They are delicious, but I think I was expecting more flavorful/tastiness vs the fat content.  Tried the Momofuko combo noodle and it was also just ok.  I am glad to have tried it, but I am not too enticed to come back for more noodles.  Or perhaps, I will come back and try some of the other dishes that looked completely yummy (crawfish looked plentiful on the plate on my next-stool seatmate).
This is a life lesson masquerading as a review. Bear with me, it's important. Even after hefty hype and even heftier wait (lines can be 45minutes out the door), Momofuku manages to be both delicious and delightful. The small dishes are fresh, original and tasty with their perfectly balanced ingredients with shout-outs to the BokChoy Ricecake Bacon, the Spice Grill Corn and yes, the Pork Buns. The ramen is yummy and filling, though the broth can be a tad salt or a tad bland depending on the batch. And the wood versus white ceramic decor is as hip as they come. The drawback? As with many other wowee-cute dining establishments, it is both elbow-to-elbow crowded and pricey. Sitting is greatly coveted so expect to wait, and be prepared to shift down the row now and then to help seat larger parties. The packed space can fun and cozy, but please be nice to neighbors and waitstaff, lest fellow diners project hate in your direction and make fun of your looks because you are being a stuck-up turnip.
Well, I finally made it... I had been trying to get to Ko since it was highly recommended to me back in January. It can be very tough to get a weekend reservation, so we settled for a Tuesday night just to make it happen. I'm glad we did, it was a lot of fun. I would really like to have gone 4.5 stars on this place...but since 4 or 5 are the only options, I'll err on the positive side. The reasons for the half point deduction would be 2...the ambiance was a little weird. As you have probably noticed in your research of this place, it is bar seating, and you will be seated sort of communally. Well, the f@%kers on either side of us would not stop with their damned iPhones. It seems like no one knows how to enjoy what they are CURRENTLY doing or the company they are with. Constant texting, facebooking, snapping photos, yada yada... I found it distracting and annoying. I wish Ko would restrict the use of mobile devices during the meal, since people are obviously incapable of common courtesy. The chef FINALLY asked the one couple to refrain from photos, and they looked at him incredulously...Ugh. The other issue was, I left hungry. Yep, can't deny it. The food was incredibly crafted, and artfully prepared, but I ended up at a street cart less than an hour after we finished ordering a pork quesadilla!! My wife claimed she wasn't hungry, then proceeded to eat half my damn quesadilla!! :) So yeah, if you are not a supermodel, and actually need real food to sustain you, you might leave here a bit less than satisfied. I have done tasting menus at Blue Hill Stone barns twice, and both times left completely satisfied. So on to the positives: Watching the chefs work and craft all of the dishes was a pleasure. These guys are like scientists. The timing and choreography of the preparation was like clockwork, and the craftsmanship was phenomenal. I did not want to disturb them too much as they worked, but they did find time to answer a couple of my questions in depth. Their food knowledge and passion for cooking was obvious. The drink pairings looked great. We did not go this route, because I drove my car to the restaurant. I will take the train and do it next time though. Decent wine list, a couple of craft beers, and only one cocktail were available. I had a smoked beer that was brewed for them specially, and I had it with the course that it would have normally been paired with. Very complementary... And the food. I'm not gonna do a dish by dish here...all I'll say was that out of about 14 plates, only 2 were "underwhelming". The rest were creative, and delicious! Unique flavors and ingredients...basically what you would expect from cuisine at this level. I will return for another visit...maybe with a party of 4 this time to minimize exposure to the inconsiderate...
All I have to say is try the steamed pork buns. The buns are a little piece of heaven. They are like little clouds, so light and fluffy. While your at it try the mussels, they are packed with great flavors and are sure to please. The ramen at momo fuku is good because they give you all of these great mix-ins including a perfectly poached egg. It is tiny and can have a long wait so call ahead or come prepared to wait a while.
Just thinking about this meal makes me feel full again. I went for the lunch and it was roughly 3 hours-ish long of eating lots of delicious foods. I cannot exactly remember what I had since there's no menu and there are so many courses but I do remember it all being amazing. One standout dish was the chicken nugget which was the best nugget I've ever had (and I am a nugget fiend). Other good dishes, pork rinds, crudos, porchetta, pea ice cream, etc. , etc. , etc. I got the beverage pairings, but would have been just as happy ordering a la carte. The atmosphere is really fun. It is fun to talk to the chefs and staff and be in the action of the kitchen the whole time. You get to see all the effort it takes to make a meal to a degree. All the staff was really nice and overall a very fun and unique experience. I went by myself so I can only assume it would be more fun with friends. Go here if you can. Oh, also they had a to go dish when I went. I got a ball of rice and kimchi wrapped in seaweed. I kinda feel bad for people who had to smell that on the subway on the way back home.
I really have nothing negative to say about Ko. It was one of the best meals we've ever had. I'm sure there are many restaurants that could par Ko, but for what this place is and strives to maintain, I think they're doing an impeccable job. It's hard to get in, and everything has a pretty hefty price tag, but once you're in they do treat you very well - the chef, servers definitely take care of their patrons. One thing is is -- I'm not entirely sure if the full beverage pairing is worth it for the average social drinker. At $95, it's not cheap but they give you a lot of alcohol and you're left with quite the hangover because you're mixing all diff types of liquor (hence my husband the next morning). I got the abbreviated bev pairing which were about 5 different types of wines and that was even hard to finish because by the end, you are SO full. Abbreviated is $55. Also, there are no phones and no cameras are allowed, so I'm surprised to see photos on Yelp! I guess the most skillful person can sneak some in. The minute my friend took out her phone, they asked her to put it away :)
the only regret i have about momofuku ko is not starving myself the entire day before.  there was so much deliciousness i didn't know what to do with myself.  like many others i think the most memorable dish was the shaved foie gras with reisling gelee.  it is potentially the most unique dish i've ever had in my entire life.  but everything was perfect and beautiful, despite my worry that the two clear broth based soups or the two ice creams would be redundant, no, i was wrong, they were both awesome.  also, because of the size and set up of the restaurant the chefs were pleased to answer all of our questions even ones about their trade secrets, and they managed to accommodate my roommate, who doesn't eat pork, at the last minute, though they recommended if you have an allergy to let them know ahead of time.
This was my second time visiting Ko. The first time was almost 1.5 years ago- we did the weekend lunch (larger menu than dinner) and wanted to check out what the tasting menu was all about. This time we visited to celebrate our second anniversary and got lucky with a last minute late dinner reservation. We did the abbreviated beverage pairing along with their standard dinner tasting menu. It was even better than I remembered from our first time and was a perfect anniversary dinner spot for us! The menu last night included the following dishes (my favorites with **): amuses: chicharron with togarashi salt, pickled **watermelon with sliced duck breast, oyster with melon and red onion, **fried veal sweet breads **raw scallops with onion (wish i remembered more details here!) sirloin carpaccio with grapes, olive powder, and horseradish smoked red pepper soup with langoustine and toasted brioche smoked egg with caviar, onion soubise and fingerling potato chips (also had freshly baked potato bread muffin with seasoned butter) Mushroom pasta (wasn't exactly a cannelloni / ravioli but was similar) with toasted buckwheat Mushroom "tea" with French toast bite **pan fried skate with fried cauliflower shaved frozen foie gras with lychee, gelee and pinenut brittle **braised short rib with grilled peaches and onions carrot cake with buttermilk ice cream   honey sorbet with chamomile and bee pollen The abbreviate beverage pairing started with a vodka based drink. This was followed by several white wines (mostly chardonnay based), one red wine selection, and ended with a Bavarian beer reminiscent of delirium. In my opinion this was plenty of paired beverages for the meal and they were even kind enough to top us off on some of the selections when we finished before the intended food pairing was complete. Overall great service, great food, great drinks. Definitely a must visit for special occasions!
I'm friends with the manager of Noodle Bar, but I still hadda fight the (on)lines to get reservations for the times I've visited. Dinner is phenomenal. The space is intimate, I love watching all the prep, the service is super friendly, and the wine list is - although a little pricey - full of great grapes (and rice). Lunch is WAY TOO MUCH! We were there for almost 4 hours and I was full after 8/16 courses. Don't get me wrong, I left nothing but the bone behind when the lamb chop (course 14; w/approximately 1" of fat on it) was placed in front of me. It made me sad that I was really unable to enjoy the 2nd half of that meal. I wasn't really able to do much with the rest of my day, either, it took all the energy I had to get home and loll about in a haze. I'd recommend dinner unconditionally. Lunch if you're ready for the kind of gut-busting, day-destroying experience I've described above.
The question that most people will ask about this restaurant is this: "Was it worth it?". Basically this breaks down into two parts: 1) Was it worth spending all that time trying to get reservations? 2) Its an expensive dinner so was it worth the $100 (plus drinks and tip) I'll answer #2 first. Was the meal worth it? I'd say yes and that's with the understanding that what you are paying for well cooked food, and excellent ingredients. For $100, you should expect not only quality (which at said price point should be a given) but a meal that you will remember. There were definite dishes in the 10 or so courses that I won't soon forget- the highlight for me was the second course which was raw fluke in a buttermilk, chive, and poppy seed sauce. Talk about a really simple but sophisticated dish that showed a lot of thought in presentation and flavor...your taste buds probably have never experienced something like this. Anyone who has dined there has probably felt the same about at least one of the courses. Bottom line... considering its high quality, good service (the two girls who took reservations, served drinks, and set the tableware were friendly, helpful, not to mention really good looking), and notwithstanding the decoration (it definitely gets points for ambiance and I get the idea of contrasting fine dining with simplistic setting but plywood is plywood)... its an easy $100 to shell out and you don't get the sense that they are trying to fleece you. Given the scarcity (which may go hand in hand with how "cheap" it is, they could definitely charge more. Now onto question # 1. I'd say with some practice and persistence, everyone should be able to get into this place. Of course, if you are someone's guest then that's even better. People are literally obsessed with getting reservations so I can imagine someone having expectations of grandeur when you enter. Its clearly not just about eating great food or even eating at an expensive restaurant...that can be done elsewhere with less effort. This place is all about a unique experience and on that point it scores highly. I'm not going to lie... handing that waitress my reservation printout, I felt like I was Charlie showing Wonka my golden ticket. During one visit (I've been twice so far), the chef noticed how excited I was for the sea urchin. My guest didn't care for her's so I scooped it off her plate onto mine. The chef came by and threw another generous hunk of sea urchin into my bowl... pretty cool if you think about that fact that it would never happen in an ordinary dining setting. Long story short.... was it worth it? A resounding yes.
I am DAMN picky about my ramen. I've lived near Kitikata in Japan, the self-described Ramen City, and while in Japan, was served Ramen about 3 nights a week at a five star hotel. I also like buying fresh Ramen noodles at Sunshine Mart and making them at home. Momofuku was great on a cold winter Saturday. Not Kitikata great, but still freakin' amazing because we were part of a group of people who don't mind if you slurp your soup. I wanted to try the standard soup, to compare, but the waitress convinced us to get the more flavorful one, the pork neck with the thicker noodles. Very flavorful and satisfying, with meat that flakes when you poke it. I liked the vegetables and the broth was ok. I want to come back and try the standard soup. I'm not sure it was worth $13, I think on a drunken night I've been to other Japanese restaurants where we had great ramen for $10 and the quality was the same. I like this place because of the cool vibe it attracts and the enthusiasm of the crowd for great ramen. A reporter took me to lunch here, and she set up her microphone and taped our conversation, which was strange, I thought it would be too loud. We sat in the back at the counter and it was great. Much less noise than Republic and much better food.
Pork Rind, Fat & Butt and Deep Fried Short Rib... Crunch...slosh...slurp...slurp / uummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
i know people LOVE this place but when I spend $40 for two and we both go home and eat b/c we're still hungry, it's just not worth it.  i was told that was b/c we didn't get the really big ramen bowl but i have a problem spending $15 on ramen!  this place is the flavor of the season but it's crowded, overpriced, and only decent food.
This is definitely not authentic ramen, but the ramen is still worth trying out. It gets cramped inside since everyone is seated side by side each other; therefore, there's no privacy at all, but the food is great and the staff is friendly. I don't like eating pork with a lot of fat but I was loving the slices in my bowl. My one complaint is that the broth for the ramen was a bit salty - maybe it was a bad batch? For that I can't give this place five stars. JONASAPPROVED!
Ahhhhhhh!  I have a food coma going.  Reservations for a meal are done via their online system to get a dinner spot.  Ko is definitely one of the coolest eating experiences a person should have while on this planet.   The chefs there were top notch (Josh, Max, Casey) and skillful in preparing the meal.  It was fun to watch them cooking the dishes right in front.  Part of the fun is trying to remember all ten courses and comparing them afterwards with your friends.  I was amazed at the pairings of food items, very tasty indeed.  Cameras and picture taking are not allowed here.   Ko is what great visionary cuisine is all about!
ko is interesting... 1. online reservations only. opens up at 10 am and you need to register on their site (me: crap! more passwords to remember?!) 2. it is a 12 seat restaurant (me: crap! if there are weirdos i have no place to hide!) 3. the menu is prix fixe and it's a surprise (me: crap! i don't eat lamb and it's always a 50/50 toss up in red meat cow vs lamb!) so after 10 unsuccessful tries remembering my password, i finally made a dinner reservation at ko. met a weirdo who sat right next to my friend and lamb was on the menu... ooooh boy! yes the dreaded lamb was red meat of the night. turns out my partner in crime also did not like lamb so i ate hers along with mine. i don't like to waste food but the braised lamb rib that was borderline delicious made it bearable for me. overall it was a solid and adventurous menu with quality ingredients but didn't put me over the moon. the downside is a very fishy mackerel and the upside is digging through foie gras to find lychees tip: if man is all by his lonesome (and you're not interested) avoid eye contact. being friendly in a 12 seat restaurant also means a 50/50 chance of intermittent boring conversation... that lasts THREE HOURS
EPIC! It is definitely worth the $125 for the food.   The menu for the evening was: Amuse: Lobster bisque Chicharones Deviled quails egg with Kirby cucumber The 10 Courses: 1.Fluke from long island 2. Dried Sirloin carpaccio with rice flakes 3. Oxtail consume with braised oxtail pickled sprouts tortellini with daikon and caramelized onions 4. Lightly smoked egg with caviar and fingerling chips on buttered onions 5. House made pasta with chicken and snail sausage with crispy chicken skin 6. Seared scallops mitake mushroom sunchokes celery juice razor clams 7. Shaved fois gras over lychee with a Riesling gelee 8. Venison loin with wild huckle berries, celery root purée with espresso chestnut chips and brussel sprouts shaved with mustard oil 9. Squash cake with olive oil gelato candied olives and pumpkin purée 10. Concord grape sorbet with white chocolate macadamia nuts and rice Krispy treats with grated macadamia nuts The wife and I both had the Red Hook Winery Momofuku Chardonay and I also sampled a glass of Sake.  There are adequate selections of wine by the glass, sake and beer.  There are pairings for the dinner and even an abbreviated pairing.  We skipped those.   The place is meant for you to totally focus on the food.  The decor is basically the ability to stare directly at the entire food assembly and cooking process.  You get one of 12 seats at the bar.  And if you're not totally intrigued by food and the whole shebang, don't waste your time or money by going to this foodie paradise.     The kitchen staff were really friendly and even gave a lesson on how to boil the perfect soft boiled egg.  Can't wait to try it.
highlights of momofuku ko. the coddled egg, soubise onion, potato chips, hackleback caviar, sweet potato vinegar, chervil, chives [surprisingly delicious especially considering i'm not the hugest fan of caviar]. alcohol pairings were good and def enhanced the meal~ the... foie.... was.... amazing... torchon was frozen and shaved, served with riesling gelee, lychee, and pine nuts. there is no better combination of textures and flavors. i could probably have eaten buckets of it..
I heart Momofuku! While it's a self-proclaimed noodle bar, it is so much more than that. The small dishes are delightful. I especially love the beautifully plated seasonal pickles and the tasty momofuku ramen. Whether you feel peckish or famished, there is something for everyone. The menu also changes often so there's always another reason to visit. Yes, it's small and crowded...but I actually enjoy looking over at my neighbor's appetizing plates!
I can't add much more to the exalting 100 reviews before me.  But I just need to say:  GODDAMN GOOD.   I just spent a week in NYC in which the sole purpose of being there seemed to be to indulge in over-the-top, foodie's food.  We sort of reached our limit by mid-week.  But even then, we loved Momofuku so much that we went back -- the only repeat restaurant of the trip, and probably one of the first places we'll go back to when we return.   Ever since my trip to Japan 6 months ago, I've been obsessed with finding great ramen in the U.S.  While Momofuku's ramen is by no means traditional, it is delicious, and it is attentive to the small details and subtle flavors that make some Japanese food great.  So in that respect, I would say that Momofuku is authentic, or at least faithful to the aesthetic that makes Japanese food appealing to me.   Other favorites of the noodle place:  the sugar peas, the grilled octopus salad, the tsukemen.  And I'm always a fan of a place that serves Hitachino Nest (my all-time favorite beer), even if it's ridiculously expensive at $9 a pop.
This was a somewhat dangerous name to bestow upon a dining spot, considering the strong possibility of its being mispronounced. (Just to clarify, it's mo-mo-foo-koo.) With a clean, sparsely-decorated space dominated by a high communal table surrounded by stools, this is a great place for a quick nosh on a cold winter day if you're into oversized, steaming bowls of ramen with generous pieces of pork, scallions, snow peas, and bamboo shoots topped by a poached egg.  There are vegetarian options as well on a menu that includes other Asian specialties like kimchee - very much an acquired taste - balls of pan-fried dough, and shitake-stuffed buns.
when we asked the concierge at our hotel about momofuku ko, he almost congratulated us on our restaurant choice.  once we got there, we understood why.  this small, sleek and hip (but with no attitude) restaurant is totally different from the typical noodle bar.   the local/organic ingredients are taken seriously but not too seriously like we sometimes experience in the bay area.  very laid back vibe.   i dreamt of the pork buns and my ginger noodles all night long!
PORRRRKKKK the other white meat... the better white meat! This place does it up with fatty ass pork and its delicious! Of course had to try to steamed pork buns... it was the perfect little size, enough space in my belly for the delicious noodles!! The sauce was not too salty, it was perfect, and the little cucumber slices really gave it a nice tangy kick! And wait the pork.... omg layers of fat... but delicious flavorful fat accompanied by some meat... believe me, its really delicious! AND THE BUNSSSS FLUFFYYYYY AND FLOPPY THEY WERE SO CUTE!!!! The Momofuku Ramen was classic. The broth was the best part because it was a soy flavored base but really light! The flavor was mostly from the massive amounts of pork! And the yolk of the poached egg was perfect to swirl the noodles in! Loads of veggies and stuff too! The noodles were cooked perfectly... unfortunately, with all kinds of noodles, after it sits in the broth for too long, it gets mushy and icky.... SO EAT FAST! There were so many other dishes i wanted to try to ill def be back ;-) PS- SUCH A TINY LITTLE SPACE! but really excellent service... it was packed but the waiter took our order immediately and served us ous food in like 8 min!
mmmmm
I've only been here once and didn't have the noodles, but everything I tried was superb, in particular the steamed pork buns, which resemble chinese mantou  but are folded over instead of sealed up. They are sweet and delicious. I'd also highly recommend the chicken wings - spicy, but in a completely different league than your typical buffalo wings. I also tried the oysters, served raw with kimchee on top. These were the smaller kind - I forget their origin - and were absolutely perfect. I could easily eat a dozen or two by myself. The razor clams were quite good, served with sausage in a delicious sauce. I wish I could be more precise about all of the flavors but it's been a few weeks since I've been there and I didn't take notes. The only drawback is it's a bit pricey, especially the beer, which I believe is all Japanese. A 22 ounce beer is $13. Next time I'll try the noodles and the sake.
I clicked.  And I clicked.  And two months later, I came...not realizing that the Asian man I was interrogating was David Chang.  I kowtow to the shaved foie gras/riesling gelee/lychee/pine nut brittle concoction.  It fully deserves to be worshipped.   Pass on noodle & ssam.  They're overrated.  And like other diners, some of the dishes here were simply "good" and not "great.  But enough of them were creative and fantastic (it's a party in mouth!  it's a party in my mouth!) that Ko merits at least a couple of clicks and 2 hours of your time.
I used the occasion of my birthday to convince my wife that it was OK to spend $400+ on lunch. Luckily for her, we don't drink, so it was only $175 each as opposed to $270 each for the wine pairing. It turned out to be an excellent birthday present. This was the first time I've tried a tasting menu, so I don't really have any frame of reference or anything to compare it to, but the food and the entire experience was amazing and it was a great 3 (!) hours. Normally I am very antsy and I can be in and out of a restaurant in 30 minutes (10-15 if I'm by myself). So even though I was excited and looking forward to the reservation, I was a little worried that it might be a bit torturous to be at a meal for 3 hours, but it actually ended up going by pretty fast and the whole thing was very enjoyable. We planned ahead to make sure we were ready with the Ko Reservations website loaded at 10 AM, exactly two weeks in advance to secure our reservations for the Saturday lunch seating. It seems like maybe all of the hype has died down a little bit - we got the reservation with no problem on our first try. In fact, I looked at the site a few hours later that day, and there still happened to be slots left, so maybe it isn't so impossible to get these coveted reservations anymore. Anyway, we booked the very first slot at 12 noon, so it was nice to be the only ones in there to see them setting everything up and to talk to the chefs a little bit before everything got started. We were able to snap a few pictures too before they asked us not to take anymore. The Asian inside me was dying a little throughout the meal, as I was not able to take pictures of all my food though. It's really cool to watch the chefs cooking and preparing all of the dishes from scratch. I imagine that if I did a similar tasting that lasted 3 hours where you didn't have this kind of show being put on and interactivity with the chefs, then I might lose my mind. Here is all of the stuff they churned out - I was pleasantly surprised as I was only expecting 15 little plates, but it turned out to be quite a bit more: 1. Crisp romaine hearts with turnip vinaigrette and garlic chips 2. Pork chicharrones 3. Rye financier with maple and horse radish 4. Grilled mushroom (or scallop if you don't have a shellfish allergy) wrapped in nori with puffed wild rice and ponzu dipping sauce 5. Fluke with chickpea miso 6. Tataki of Spanish mackerel 7. Grilled pineapple with masago (should be Uni instead of pineapple if you don't have a worthless shellfish allergy like I do) 8. Dry aged beef tartare with quail egg 9. Grilled octopus with carrots and chestnuts 10. Crispy iwatake mushrooms with beet dressing and ikura 11. Puffed egg in bacon dashi broth 12. Bento box: deep fried short rib with shishito peppers, roasted and pickled cauliflower, fish consomme 13. Grilled squid with grilled rice and potato 14. Roasted skate wing with almond foam 15. Chicken apple foie gras terrine with burnt apple mustard 16. Leg of lamb stuffed with merguez sausage and a sliced apple 17. Frozen shaved foie gras over Riesling wine jelly with pine nut brittle 18. Huckleberry jam stuffed donut with maple syrup ice cream 19. Wintergreen ice cream with Amaro jelly and pudding and chocolate crumble 20. Miso ice cream with puffed rice on top in a rice cone with rice mochi 21. Kimchi Onigiri ("one last treat to go") For some reason I was expecting a more grand "main" dish that would really wow me, but there was no such thing. The finale of the meal (before the dessert) was the Leg Of Lamb, which was definitely excellent, but I was hoping for some kind of rice and/or pasta to accompany it. I was pleasantly surprised though by the 4 courses of dessert, which were all excellent. The shaved foie gras is intensely overwhelming, but I really enjoyed the taste of the pine nut brittle along with the huge mound of frozen foie gras. I think normal people leave after this amount of food incredibly stuffed - I was definitely very satisfied, but we headed down the block to Chikalicious Dessert Club for a sundae afterwards to cap off one of the most memorable meals of my life.
Momofuku is one of the best dining experienced in New York.   The food is amazing AND they use compostable to-go containers made from sustainable materials.   It makes a huge difference for those concerned about the environmental impact of eating out.
I don't know what all you suckers are complaining about.  I logged on at 9:59am, clicked on Reservation, and BOOM!  10pm Sunday reservations just in time for my Birthday!  Yea, I know, I got supremely lucky.  Maybe the website knew it was my birthday.  And now you do.  So send me a damn belated birthday gift. Dinner was great.  The food was truly inventive, playful and flavorful.  Shaved foie gras with lychee was mouthwatering and decadent, but a few dishes fell short.   Service was friendly and very attentive-maybe too attentive.  The 2 hostesses/waitresses were eyeing our every move.  Water glass down!  Water glass down!  There is no written menu, so you may want to ask the waitress what food items are upcoming if you order wine by the glass instead of the wine pairing. There were 3 chefs that explained the ingredients of the aforementioned unwritten menu items as they were served.  2 chefs were very cool and informative.  But the third guy aped a short order cook at a local greasy spoon, throwing food onto the counter in an indifferent manner and mumbling the ingredients in a disinterested tone.  In one instance after slapping yet another bowl onto the counter, my poor sea urchin did not rest beautifully on top of my monkfish (like my dinner date's), but was floating on the side in a sea of broth.  Chef #3 just did not care. That guy brought the experience down a notch, but Ko lived up to the hype and I kiss my index finger every day for gaining me access behind the electronic velvet rope.
Food (5/5)   Service (4/5)   Decor (4/5)   Value (4/5) Let's start with the bad first. The restaurant is impossible to find. I can confirm that both Google Maps and Apple Maps both have it in the correct location, but even with the street number, I walked up and down the street only to find 165 1st Ave and 157 1st Ave the next block over (and then went across the street in case this was some street numbering convention I wasn't familiar with). So just to clarify, the restaurant is located on the northwest corner of 1st Ave and 10th St. It is the second door on that corner that faces 1st Ave. The front of the restaurant looks like it has criss cross prison bars over it (one of the reasons I took a point off for decor) and the door has a small orange on it that indicates this is a Momofuku restaurant. Now that that's out of the way, the food itself was wonderful. The format is that of a tasting menu. No choices, which I enjoyed but may be a deal breaker for some. The cuisine is grounded in Asian, but the chefs do a great job of fusing in flavors from other cuisines/cultures and making it work. The meal starts with a couple very small appetizers (almost like hors d'oeuvres), the names of which I can't remember, but they were all delicious. Following that, there were several "main" courses starting with light crudos and ending with a (small) venison steak. Some of my favorites included the poppyseed scallop crudo, which was a very light, refreshing, and flavorful way to start the meal, and the fried skate. The shaved foie gras with lychee was also good, but I personally didn't find it to be as standout as many other reviewers have. It was light and refreshing, but I found the texture to be marginally off-putting and the flavors to be a little too light for me. Following the main courses, there were two more dessert courses that finished the meal off right. While the meal wasn't the most perfect meal I've ever had, there is something to be said about the variety of different flavors and foods I experienced during the meal. I also really enjoyed the chefs preparing the food in front of me and presenting it plate by plate. I had just enough food to be full without being too stuffed, though those with larger appetites may leave a little hungry. At $125, I feel the value of whole experience was quite good and would definitely look to return when I have the chance (and can actually get a reservation).
After a delightful dinner last night, highlighted by the potato/daikon /lamb soup, I can fault only one thing. This was our third evening visit, and half the courses we had, had been provided on at least one of the prior visits, some on both priors.  A number of courses we had last night were being served at the time Momofuku Ko opened (according to the newspaper and magazine reviews) : fluke in a buttermilk sauce; a "smoky" soft-boiled egg with American caviar and fingerling potato chips ; the highly touted foie gras over lychee gelee; the chicharrones. All were beautifully prepared, but the stasis of the menu and concomitant lack of surprise, makes us leery of future repeat visits.
High level overview... 1.) Service is terrible. 2.) Food overall was subpar with a few decent dishes in between. 3.) Wine pairing was poorly done. 4.) Waiters are douche bags. The gory detail... First off the service is crap. The waiters are pretentious douchebags. I've been to a number of Michelin rated restaurants throughout the US and by far the service here is the absolute worst. The chefs were aloof and easily annoyed when asked to explain or clarify something in the dish. It's a 125 dollar meal - if you're going to put premium ingredients in something you damn well better tell me what I'm eating. Second. The good dishes in order of preference. a.) Frozen foie gras shavings over lychee with reisling gelatin b.) Hand torn pasta with escargot and pork? sausage and fried chicken skin chips c.) Fluke sashimi with peas and nori sprinkles The remaining 8 dishes were marginal. Duck was overcooked and marinated with hoisin sauce (I could make it at home.. most Asian mothers who can cook probably could). The dessert (root beer sorbet, panacotta, crushed pistachio (or some kind of nuts), sea salt, and brown mustard jelly)... absolutely gross - esp the mustard jelly. This is when experimentation goes off the deep end and smashes its head on the rocks below. Third, wine pours are stingy and do not match well with the food. The notable exceptions were the sake and the fluke, and the foie gras and the ba. One particular 05 French white had so much petrol I wanted to hurl. I hear some people like that stuff - I guess they like gasoline too. Lastly, our waiter was terrible. He didn't take time to explain the wines nor did he ask once how the wine or the food was. When we decided not to order a glass prior to the food coming out he practically scoffed giving us a "who the hell does that?" look. If you're looking for marginal food at top dollar with crap service, this is your place. Did I mention our waiter was a douche? David Chang.. please teach that fool some manners.. seriously.
Wow. Amazing experience..even more amazing I was able to finish. The timing of the dishes was great..I figure by the time you are on your third hour of eating you've already finished digesting your first hour of food =P Small dining space, with 12 seats wrapped around the cooking area. The high stools are not the most comfortable, but they give you a better view, and we were too wrapped up in enjoying the food and watching the chefs anyways. Loud music on the dining side, so you have to lean forward a bit to hear the chefs when they explain the dishes. It's nice that they are willing to answer questions and encourage your curiosity. I don't remember everything, and the dishes change seasonally and at their whim (says one chef), so I'll just provide a brief run-through. Chicken gelée with fried chicken skin crisp (flavorful) Honeydew with uni (really good, crisp and refreshing) Fried halibut ball Kushi oyster with brown vinegar Potato tube with caviar (great filling) Set of 3 crudos - mackerel with beet, diver scallops with avocado, fluke Aged beef carpaccio with rice crisps (great texture and flavors, especially the horseradish) Poached egg foam (not a huge fan, texture was weird for me) Octopus with lily (one of my favs) Ricotta balls with grilled ramps in broth (the ramps smelled amazing) Softshell crab hand roll with mustard greens, grilled rice ball, clam soup (absolute fav, love softshell crab, and the grilled rice ball had great texture and smoky taste) Lobster tail and turnip cake (cooked very well) Shaved foie gras over lychee, nut brittle, and Riesling jelly (amazing dish, great mix of tastes and textures) Chicken breast with leg sausage stuffed under the skin (well, I've yet to find a chicken I really enjoy..) 3 desserts Goat cheese ice cream (not a fan of goat cheese) Pea ice cream with peas and pound cake (great flavor) Miso ice cream in a toasted rice waffle cone (I loooove the cone) Had a takeaway snack of kimchi rice wrapped in seaweed. Definitely plan to return. P.S. keep track of the address..I walked past this in broad daylight.
Went there with my husband tonight and had the pork bun, octopus salad, kimchi jar and the pork ramen soup bowl. Pork buns were great but ramen soup bowl was over rated. Soup base tasted bland, ingredients mediocre. Octopus salad was over-whelmed with vinegar and the kimchi was too salty. A bit disappointed.
Bottom Line: It actually lives up to the hype!  Everyone deserves to dine here at least once in their lifetime. Ambiance: With only 12 seats, Ko feels very intimate.  I'll have to disagree with the previous review that said it was as quiet as a library.  My friend and I had the best time at dinner and didn't feel like we were a part of any other conversations, even though everyone was seated at the same bar.  The noise level was perfectly normal and I loved being able to see the chefs prepare the food.   On that note, the chefs were notably more friendly than at other restaurants with similar set ups.  Every time we were looking intently at their work or had questions about the food, they made eye contact and either explained what we were eating or asked us how everything was. Food: We were full by the about the 5th course but somehow managed to finish every bite of the remaining 6 courses that came our way.  The food was just that good.  The highlights for me: smoked soft boiled egg with caviar, beef carpaccio, chili stuffed tortellini with sweetbread and watermelon, trout with summer bean salad, shaved foie gras with lychee/reisling gelatin/toffee crunch, lamb short ribs, and strawberry sorbet with black sesame and cake. Service: Perfect.  Silverware was set, drinks refilled, and dishes removed without us even noticing sometimes.  The timing was impeccable and everything was flawless. Reservations: Yes, it can be difficult, but not impossible.  I got a 7:40 reservation the first day I tried.  Some tips: After logging in, continue to refresh the page and click to show the calendar when the site's clock says 9:59 (I noticed that my clock was slightly off from the site's).  If all the slots are taken in the first minute, continue to refresh the calendar.  Turns out people take a time and don't follow through with their reservation so it opens up a couple minutes later.
Were looking for a good spot to have dinner in the East village and ended up there. There was no line which seems to be unusual for this place. We quickly sat at the bar and looked at the menu. While it's not straight forward to understand the menu and the type of appetizers/soup, what we picked was really good and tasty. Friendly staff as well. Good spot if you're in a soup mood.
An exquisite evening.
What Annie said! I came here with average expectations and I left with very high respect for how David Chang conducts his business.  You sort of get a feel of how he organizes his thoughts when you dine here.  I wasn't hungry when I got here to begin with but managed to polish off every single dish because it was that good.   The whole production comes together so seamlessly.  It almost feels like you are attending a fashion show.  The show and the clothes are beautifully constructed,  while all the work and frenzy goes unseen backstage.  Right  when you are wondering what the next dish will be, it is beautifully presented in front of you with all the accompanying silverware.  During the whole course of dinner, i remember not once when  my water was refilled, yet every time I picked up my glass, it was always filled.  Ko occupies the old Noodlebar's space, so it is very, very tight and narrow.  The models never trip over each other.  Maybe because I have such a sweet tooth, the chinese cake with sesame paste balls and strawberry sorbet was my absolute favorite.  I give Ko a standing ovation!
Ramen Hunt 2007 Stop #6: Momofuku in NYC The Ramen Hunt goes national! For the background read my Ramen Halu review: yelp.com/biz/x4kQVJjVlwz… If you follow the NYC food scene, then you know that people have been falling all over David Chang (Food & Wine's Best New Chef for 2006) foodandwine.com/bestnewc… and rabid over his first restaurant, Momofuku Noodle Bar, which is supposed to be Korean-Japanese fusion. I decided to drop in for a bowl of ramen and check out how it compares to the bowls I've had in the Bay Area. When I walked in, I was struck by the slim setting and the sleek interior - the light wood-colored bar top and matching minimalist-chic stools. Sit down and you can watch the cooking in action. You can tell that this East Village noodle shop is not going to be your traditional bowl of ramen when you see the hip rocker staff and have AC/DC blaring in the background (this really annoyed the heck out of me). Much of the hoopla at Momofuku is about their Berkshire pork belly, which is showcased in both the pork buns and in the signature Momofuku Ramen.  I ordered the pork buns ($9 for two), which resembled little sandwiches. Freshly steamed before painted with a hoisin sauce, the white bun was wonderfully pillowlike and filled with pickled cucumber, green onions, and the slices of stewed pork belly. I was only going to eat one, but hot damn, that pork was freakin' melt-in-your-mouth amazing! However, the whole bun package struck me as imbalanced - much too sweet. I think that the pickled cucumbers could have been a little bit more tart to provide more of a contrast with the hoisin sauce and the sweetness of the pork. After my voracious attack on the pork buns, I was a little worried that I had killed my main purpose in going to Momofuku - the Momofuku Special Ramen. Turns out that it's probably good I got those buns b/c I was NOT into this ramen. Now even though I have had a heck of a lot of ramen in the last month or so, I am not pretending that I am some connossieur. I just know what I like. And this bowl,  I did not. The noodles' soft texture and straight appearance reminded me of soba. I guess that this is more typical of Korean noodles, and this is where the fusion comes in? Not into it. The translucent broth's porkiness was masked for me by an overwhelming saltiness, lacking depth and body. Fortunately, the wonderful wonderful pork that was in the pork buns was accompanied by some delicious marinated pork shoulder. When you are first presented with the bowl of ramen, you're struck by how the toppings overwhelm the surface. I loved the marinated bamboo shoots, but I thought that there were way too many peas in there. Also, I wasn't diggin' the egg on top...instead of a half of a soft-boiled egg found at more traditional ramen shops, Momofuku places a whole egg on top...it was somewhere in between the usual slightly jelly-like consistency of a soft-boiled egg and a fresh cracked egg in some hot pot. Meh. Plenty of people love Momofuku's ramen, so maybe it turns out that I'm more of a ramen traditionalist (though I'm sure I know jack about what that really is!). Even though I was immediately on the phone with Arnold G. (fellow Bay Area resident who gave Momofuku 5 stars) to bitch about my disappointing ramen experience, it didn't offend me enough to discourage you....so feel free to judge for yourself. A friend who went several months ago said that the pork legs are a must try...but I decided to pass on a solo porcine gorging. Even a glutton has her limits. Sorry, David Chang...you just didn't do it for me this time. Noodles: 2.5 stars Broth: 3 stars Pork/Meat: 4.5 stars Ramen Accessories (peas, green onion, egg, nori, marinated bamboo shoots, fish cake): 4 stars Non-Food Factors (price, service, wait, menu, etc): 3 stars....DUDE, $14 for a bowl of ramen. Then again, it's NYC. OVERALL: 3 stars...come with friends and try the non-ramen stuff too. Those pork buns alone were 4 stars.
daaaaaamn dat shit was TASTY
10 courses for $100 = best meal on earth!  Momofuku Ko goes down as the best dining experience of my life - and not only because the food rocked.  The L shaped bar was no frills, intimate, and spectacular for a voyeuristic look at how 2 star michelin meals are prepared.  Being a few inches away from the chefs and chatting with them about what ingredients they use, provided tremendous insight and added appreciation for the dishes. 9:30 reservation on a Saturday night.  We had a few drinks before (a little tipsy) but proceeded to order a prosecco and white wine at Momofuku Ko... honestly, wish we didn't!  Not only were the drinks expensive, we didn't finish it.  Trust me, you're so busy eating, you won't have time to drink!!!   I am not going to list all of the courses - but my favorites were probably the chicharon, the scallop ceviche, or deep fried short ribs.  Least favorite course was animal cracker ice cream.   By the end of the meal, my friend and I walked out of there stuffed, happy, and giddy!
this review has been long overdue, but i finally have time to sit down and recollect all of the amazing things i encountered during my culinrary experience at momofuku ko. located in east village with its discrete location and gated door and window, we almost walked past it trying to make our reservation on time.  i was lucky enough to get a reservation while i was in NY and i was very excited to see what all the hype was about.  *note: you can only make reservations for parties of 1,2, or 4. If you're feeling ambitious, you can opt for the 16 course lunch at momofuku ko. now onto the food... Amuse Bouche: mini rice cake First Course: Maine lobster with green hummus Second Course: Raw diver scallops with cucumber snow Second Course: Roasted mackerel with beet puree (the diver scallop was better) Third Couse: Slow roasted lamb with brussel sprouts, artichoke and daikon potato soup (delicious and amazing textures even though I don't like lamb) Fourth Couse: Farm egg with caviar potato chips and sweet potato (the egg was cooked perfectly) Fifth Course: Macaroni with peas, tako ,and chorizo (Probably my least favorite dish, I didn't love the combination of peas, tako, and chorizo together) Sixth Couse: Alaskan halibut seared with pepperocini and fennelheads and burnt brown sauce (The halibut was cooked to perfection and I really liked the fennelheads which I've never had before in my life) Seventh Course: Frozen foie gras with lychee and riesling gelee and peanut brittle (I've heard a lot about this course and I've never had anything like it.  The bf loved this dish) Eighth Course: Muscovy duck with mustard greens (delicious!) Ninth Course: Honey sherbet with lemon thyme and milk (I wasn't crazy about this dessert course, the lemon thyme and milk made the sherbet have a weird texture and taste) Tenth Course: Donuts glazed with parsnip and hazelnut white chocolate hazelnut parnsip ice cream (Best dessert of the night, the donuts were handmade in front of our face and quite delicious.  I actually really like the parsnip glazed donut with hazelnut which reminded me of a donut version of a ferrer rocherrer.) Overall, this was a very interesting and one of a kind dining experience.  I loved the open kitchen seating and being able to see how much precision goes into detailing each dish.  The only thing I would recommend is for them to have a bigger selection of beverages. If you're planning to be in NY and have someone to take that loves food as much as you, definitely start clicking for a reservation!  I didn't get to photograph any part of this meal but I took notes to remember every dish!
All I can say is the place is a must eat....nobody ever gets disappointed with this place.  Yes, the reservation system is a pain but its all worth it.  All dishes are awesome...I did the lunch.
At this point, Momofuku Ko has provided what may be the best single meal I've ever had. There are dozens of other reviews here which will describe each element of the meal. I'll just provide you with my thoughts about my experience. 1) It's expensive compared to a regular night out. With two glasses of wine each, my date and I spent just shy of $400 total. But for the quality, variety, and amount of food you get, this is absolutely a bargain. I'm sure this place makes a fraction of the profit of Noodle or Ssam bar in a given night. 2) You need to have a relatively adventurous palate. You probably know that already if you're working to get into Ko, but certain items like raw mackerel and frozen fois gras are not the "easiest" thing to eat if you've never had similar items before. 3) Don't come in with expectations. Don't read all these reviews that will try to help you predict your menu. Just go and let the team there guide you through the meals. There is a reason they don't provide you with a menu up-front. Trust your chefs. 4) Ask questions. Interact with the chef when appropriate. This is an event, not just a meal.
Wow, the Yelp reviews between Ko and Noodle Bar have been totally mangled together. Considering Ko didn't open until March 2008 and there's tons of reviews before that going back to 2006, it's going to be a hell of an effort to get those separated properly. Funny thing is I walked into Noodble Bar mistakenly first before heading a couple doors down to Ko. Anyways, on to the review... What's interesting about Ko first off is the reservation system. I've heard and read about grumblings of how hard it is to get one but to be honest, you just have to be deligent, and it's one of the most egalitarian/straightforward methods that ensures fairness and avoids scalping. Once you've gotten one, you're in for a treat. Having eaten at Ssam the night before because it was really late. Besides Blue Ribbon Brasserie, I couldn't come up with anything more compelling to go to. Little did I know how extensive my Momofuku trip was going to be. Where Ssam is the late night hip place to go, Ko at lunch is this strange oasis which made me feel like I was in another universe. Walking through the steel laced door with only the small peach icon representing the correct venue, we walked into a pleasant greeting from the Sommelier and co-host. We were running a tad late because of the street fare going on over at 2nd ave and I was stressed. Turns out some of the other diners were also affected by the fairs madness, so we didn't completely throw off the kitchen timing. The host greeting area also doubles as the tableware stage and the wine cellar. Along the right wall is the minimalist 12 person bar and the completely open kitchen, where the chefs prepare your meal and interact with you like a sushi bar. Downstairs, seems to be where the washing, refrigeration, and number of other things us diners don't get to see. Finally in the very back is the singular restroom, which doubles as a library of some of the greatest fine dining cookbooks. It was fortuitous for me to see these, as many of the great modern chefs from Spain were represented on the shelves. Arzak, Berasategui, Dacosta, Adruiz, Santamaria, the Rocas, Subijana...cuisine from many that I would be seeking out in the weeks after NYC. Let's say they've packed in a lot for such a small location. The sommelier and other host work as a two person service team, while the chefs work much like a three man hockey offensive line. Each dish will be carried out primarily by one chef (like a center) while the other two are playing wing to support the primary. However, those two other chefs are also primaries for other entrees simultaneously, so essentially, they're juggling duties for many dishes and many diners all at the same time. The primaries will generally also present you the dish and give you the rundown of what you're eating. The service team makes sure that your drinks are taken care of, you have the right instrumentation for each dish and that things are cleared accordingly. It's like a very tight knit quintet where the front and back of the house are one and the same. It takes a bit for the staff to warm up to you but if you approach it correctly you get all the info you want from them. I wish I could remember all the dishes of the 20+ course lunch onslaught but there was simply too much going on. Some of the things I remember: -Crispy pork rind -Momofuku Muffin with pork fat -Frozen shaved foie over Warm sliced octopus, mustard-cured cabbage, sea beans, lime, espelette aioli, buckwheat croquett, riesling gelee, pine nut brittle -Pork belly, oyster, kimchee puree, consomme -Smoked/Soft cooked egg with caviar -Aerated egg in bacon dashi, kombu; bagel/bacon/chive/cream cheese -Pickled ramps, grilled -Warm sliced octopus, mustard-cured cabbage, sea beans, lime, espelette aioli, buckwheat croquett -Bento Box - Tempura Soft shell crab, sugar snap peas, pork fat rice cake, miso soup -Four styles of sashimi ( I really wished I rememberd what went here) -Mushroom risotto -Warm sliced octopus, mustard-cured cabbage, sea beans, lime, espelette aioli, buckwheat croquette -Pea soup, housemade soft tofu, morels, bacon salt, radish sprouts -Heritage chicken - chicken sausage stuffed under the skin with vadouvan-spices, grilled rice & baby leeks, cassis & vadouvan sauce I want to say this is just a little more than half the courses. Everything was pretty amazing. For those  hating on David Chang for not getting in/saying Ko is over rated, you're totally missing out. Besides Corton, this was one of the most progressive meals I've had in NYC. The chefs are killing it here. Combine:  David Chang iPod tunes selection, Spain like "up to you" dress code, dedication to ingredients, superb skill/technique of the chefs, and comfortable service/ambiance make for an excellent 3 hour meal. I can't wait to go back here and eat again.
2 star Michelin rated 2011.  The food and service definitely live up to the 2 star rating, however the curb appeal from the outside looks like its a run down restaurant.  There really is no menu here for food, only for drinks where they offer wines, sake, and beer.  The decor is minimalism and simple.  Because there is only 12 seats every dish and every patron is attended to with the strictest of detail.  I will not go over all of the courses we had because frankly i cant remember them all.  As for the food, there were some pretty memorable dishes that will continue to haunt me.  And there were also some forgettable dishes.  This would easily be a 5 star place on a normal scale, but Im rating this on the Michelin scale.  If you do come in hungry, you should leave satisfied.  Nearby thats walking distance is the momofuku milk bar which is open until midnight.  Also menu changes seasonally, but every week or 2 they change up a course or 2.  The one thing thats constant is the shaved foi gras with lychee and riesling gelee and the smoked chicken egg with cavier and fingerling potato and potato chips is the other dish thats constant throughout the seasons.  I would definitely come back.  The dishes you can tell have a great contrast in not only flavors but also textures.
So here are the facts because I am trying not to editoralize it: 1. One of the chefs chatted up a couple sitting 2 seats away from us. He referred to my husband and I and said people with dietary restrictions are annoying. Then all three of them proceeded to have a conversation about how people like that shouldn't bother going out to eat. 2. I am mildly allergic to alcohol which the chefs were aware of. They still served me wine gelee. I heard the same chef from above quietly ask the other chef if I had any reaction. 3. Food was inventive and tasted good. Beautiful plating. In conclusion, if you care about food and not about service, this is a great spot to go. If you are at all sensitive/have medium to low self esteem or have an allergy that requires an epipen, you should skip this place. In hindsight, I should have left but I was rooted by my embarrassment, my inability to get over my shyness to do anything about it and the bullshit feeling of privilege of eating at Ko. Thanks for the life lesson.
First time I ate here, I thought i had died and gone to ramen heaven.  I tried the basic ramen with Berkshire pork, which was the most delicious ramen pork ever to tango with my taste buds.  The steamed pork bun was happiness in my mouth - I'm a sucker for hoisin slathered pork.  Ever since that night, I'd been trying to make my way back, but the long wait has always deterred me.  Last night, we finally scored some seats.  It helps that we got there at about 6:30. This time, I tried the Berkshire pork combo, which was both the shredded pork and the fatty slices, and came with a poached egg.  Even though I know I read "poached," I was still thinking "hard boiled" so that when it came, I was surprised.  Poked the yolk and mixed it up, which made the broth quite thick and muddled.  Surprised to see the collard greens floating in my bowl too (didn't remember that from last time...or was this is a new addition?).  To be honest, I was quite disappointed with the result.  The broth had thickened too much from the egg and saltiness of both porks.  I like to be able to alternate sips of broth with slurps of noodles, but the broth just wasn't doing it for me.  The noodles were a bit on the flacid side too, not springy and firm how they should be.  Overall, the pork (however delicious) overpowered the dish and I just couldn't finish it.  I only ate about half and had the rest packed to go.  I was really let down, especially since I was sooooo hungry when we walked in. The waitstaff was obviously rushing us to get out since a crowd was already forming outside, and I was more than happy to go.  The pork bun was still amazing and I'd probably go back just for that, and maybe to try some of the other dishes.  But if I've got a hankering for ramen noodles, I'll go elsewhere.
As an oft reviewed place, I won't be redundant, but will definitely give the thumbs up to this sleek long tabled dining space with great views of the chefs at work. We went with 3 on a Monday night, were seated right away, and dug into one order of pork belly and two orders of scallops within 15 minutes. Scallops were excellent - seared crisply on one side, and buttery smooth throughout, them came floating atop a light clarified butter infused with pork flavor, accompanied by sliced onion and zucchini. Excellent flavor, only three scallops but they were so rich that was an ideal amount. $15 minimum for credit cards, and they did split the bill for us. Minus one star because almost every dish has pork in it, and that doesn't lend itself to bringing along vegetarian or other non-pork eating friends. I'm not sure I would battle any big crowds to get in here, but if you are nearby and there's no wait pull up a bar stool and order the scallops!
The chefs could not hate their jobs more than they already do. I kind of don't blame them because they're making the same things over and over again and I guess it can get boring but I am paying $175 for my meal!!! Half the time they whispered or rushed what they were saying so I had no idea what I was eating. At one point, chef #1 came over to taste what chef #2 made and said "Eww" but THEY SERVED IT ANYWAY.   Nothing stood out. Each course had nothing special about it. In fact, my favorite part of the meal was the oyster which was simply just that. An oyster. When the highly anticipated shaved foie gras came out, I did enjoy it but somehow it didn't fit in with David Chang's usual style and with the meal in general. Later I did find out that Wylie Dufresne helped conceptualize the dish. Go figure.   Some pros include friendly and attentive waitstaff, and I came out of there stuffed. I was really really full by the time the last course came out. If you take away the lame it's-so-hard-to-get-reservations process, would this place be packed every night as it is now? I doubt it.  I give Ko 2 stars because "Meh, I've experienced better."
There is an excessively long review in the Blog. As others have noted, there are no "servers" at Ko - the three chefs making the dishes are plating the dishes, serving the dishes, and describing the dishes while two young men work the front of the house (checking bags, refilling drinks, changing out silverware) and another man rapidly cleans dishes in the back.  While I will fully admit that it was thrilling to watch the dishes come together before me, I was a tad put off by how reluctant the chefs were to re-describe an ingredient, chat with the crowd, or show any emotion - I realize they are quite busy, but it is their choice to be on that stage and people are paying top dollar (and time) to experience their creative talents - if you don't want to allow pictures of your masterful art, then at least have the courtesy to take praise for it ("we hear that a lot" when the girl next to me praised the Uni dish)  and answer the occasional question (as an example, the man next to me inquired about the province of Salmon berry and the chef essentially rolled his eyes and nonchalantly stated "Alaska" - clearly different than at Per se where Chris and I discussed the source of their Americauna Eggs for at least 3 minutes. Dish thirteen - perhaps the most talked about dish in New York for the past couple years - was Lychee, Pinenut Brittle, Riesling Gelee, and Shaved Foie Gras.  Expecting great things I was not let down - you really cannot "think" how this dish tastes and feels - like the most unctuous foie gras but also harkening memories of peanut butter and jelly, plus a "built in" wine-pairing with the Riesling.  Perhaps not as incredible as Lee's at TFL or Gras' at L2O, but the best foie gras prep I've tasted in New York. The final savory of the afternoon was another excellent dish - potentially the best of the meal outside of the foie.  Confit Lamb and Pistachio cassoulet topped with panko, sliced lamb neck, matcha peanut butter mayo, salsify was yet another odd combination but essentially featured a center "ring" of cassoulet made with pistachio instead of beans beneath a golden panko "crust."  Topping this were pieces of al dente soft salsify "noodles" and an oily reduction tasting of equal parts peanut butter and green tea while the side of the dish contained a small folded slice of griddled lamb neck - just overlapping the cassoulet.   Paying the bill I have to say I didn't really feed I'd gotten my money's worth - not when Alinea is putting 21 sublime courses on the table for only $50 more in Chicago and other places in New York provided excellent meals for less - but in total I was glad I'd had the chance to experience the cuisine and watch the chefs at work - that part of Ko is indeed special.  My gripes about the picture policy still stand, but I do understand...that said, the surly and snarky attitudes of the chefs, especially Serpico weren't appreciated - I don't want to be pampered, but I'd like to be treated better than the kid at McDonalds would treat me and that is regardless of how high end your ingredients are.  A final example of the service - after paying the bill a jar of house pickles and a Kimchi rice-cake wrapped in Nori were slid down the bar with a "Thanks for coming." Service gripes aside, there are some things that Ko does very well but there are also some dishes that don't make sense - and I don't think it is in a "evolving the art of food" way, either.  For 17 courses I felt the first 4 would absolutely have served as canapés or amuses at 99% of fine dining establishments and that the mid-point of the meal was quite weak while the desserts were assuredly sub-par.  Following a somewhat logical progression from the amuses through the mild fishes to the heavier courses, cheese, and dessert it felt like Ko was trying to be fine dining without fully committing - and perhaps that is Chang's goal here.  For my dining dollar I'd sooner go back to Noodle Bar and order 10-15 items to form my own tasting
really crowded and warm inside - you go there for the scene.
I'm so puzzled by this place.  I am happy it does well... you know you gotta support your peeps, but I've been 3 times and each time, I'm completely underwhelmed.   First off the space is cramped and I get it.  I know this was the first restaurant for chef David Chang and if I were starting out, I'd take a smaller place and try to get the most bang for the square footage.  Still not exceedingly comfortable.   Secondly, the flavors are off.  My favorite item I've eaten here has to be the delicious mushroom buns.  But the noodles.. the raison d'etre of this place have been a let down.  The broth in my chicken ramen was sooo incredibly salty.  The noodles I had previously were at the other end of the spectrum and incredibly bland.  Hmmm... Finally, the place is very anti-veggie friendly.  I read an article that said David got irritated by all the people asking for veggie options and decided to cut them out entirely and add more meat to all the other dishes.  Nice!  So in this vein, the menu explicitly states that no subs will be made and that there is only one veggie dish available.   I don't eat meat, but I'm okay with broth and with eating around the meat... but really it'd be easier if they could just leave it out entirely.  Last time I asked for that, they got all huffy and had to "ask the chef".  Really??  That sort of arrogance is really uncalled for. I think the flavors must be hit or miss.  My neighbors said that they enjoyed their noodles.  My buns were good (ha, that sounds funny).. but I've yet to try something else that justifies the prices and attitude.
You definitely don't come here to linger.  Don't fight the urge to not hurry because you will lose.  Slurp up your delicious Pork Ramen and get out.
what can i say after 79 reviews? it's amazing. it's incredible. i can't remember the last time i was excited to eat because of the food and not because of who i was with. if you've read my past mmfk reviews, you know that i've been boycotting because of certain things (ahem* missing burritos at ssam *ahem). i haven't been to the noodle nor ssam bars in over a year and a half. i went regularly for almost a year. then no mas. then i finally tried out the ko reservation system after my friend told me he's been trying for a year and the best he got was one seat for lunch on a weekend. on my second try ever, i got TWO seats for DINNER.  what what. 10 courses, 2 hours of heaven, and i'm back on the david chang wagon. some of the dishes were okay, like the uni with miso broth & sugar snap peas. but some of the others, like the shaved foie gras over riesling gelee, pine nut brittle & lychee, the amazing long island fluke with WHITE SOY, the steak cooked in SO much butter with brussels sprouts, black trumpets and aged jalepeno sauce, hand-torn pasta with SNAIL SAUSAGE (snail! SNAAAILLL!!) were incredible.   i seriously give the guy props for sticking to the online-only reservations, no vips, no special treatment - and for offering this gastronomic experience to those dedicated enough to hit 'refresh' on their browsers every 2 seconds until the ko online system hits 10:00:00 am. david, i'm sorry for being angry about the burritos. thank you for ko. i'm gettin' me a pork bun this weekend, hollaaa!
The new fall menu went something like this... -beef cheeks and kohlrabi over a parsnip and mustard puree -shrimp confit, apple and cilantro -pork rind with several hot spices accompanied by a black pepper muffin with mirin reduction -consommé with turnip and short rib dumplings and mitsuba, bean sprouts and herbs -soft-boiled egg with fingerling potato chips and caviar -sweet corn and sour cream ravioli with tomatoes and lime zest -monkfish topped with sea urchin in a spicy shellfish stock -torchon of foie gras over pine nut brittle and lychee with Reisling gelée -Pennsylvania venison au jus with celery root puree and huckleberries -animal cracker ice cream with fresh peaches and fizzy peach soda -olive oil crème fraîche ice cream over macerated blueberries with black pepper ganache and something very crunchy The shaved foie is genius and the black pepper muffin is not too far behind. Come very, very hungry!
Son of a Peach...... Lucky that is. I Really had dreams about my experience there the night that I ate there.  There were visions of Pork Belly and Chefs dancing in my head.  I am sure the wine pairings, full belly, and great experience help woo my sub conscience to extend my dinner at Momofuku Ko The adventure starts with reservations.  Must go online and grab a few seats.  If you dont get in with in the first 45 seconds you are not getting a table.  This is hard to get into than a Madonna concert in a 50 seat venue.  There is no other way to get reservations, no matter who you are.  That is what I love about Dave Chang.  He is about the food and not about the fame.  We were lucky to get 10:20pm Monday Night reservations and that was made 15 seconds after the site started taking them.  We got a call earlier to confirm and was asked if we wanted to come earlier so we got there at 9:30.   Speaking of Food.  It is a tasting menu and each dish speaks for its self.  I was torn because there are some courses that are not the same of you and your dinner companion.  IE I received the English Pea Soup with Crawfish and Chris received the Oyster and Pork Belly soup.  I got to try his but I WANTED BOTH.  All to myself.  Serveral courses are like that.  The good is you get to taste more if you are willing to share.  The bad is you will only get one taste because the other person will not want to give up another bit.  I could go on and on about the specific dishes but I would rather focus on the process.  Each dish combines great ingredient for unique taste, and texture.  The best part is you get to see them come alive infront of you.  The chefs are great and are serious about the  food.  They do get offended if you want to have something tweaked.  I think that is so cool.  I would never insult them by doing so but some one down the bar wanted something with out cheese and you could tell that they were geniunely ticked off.  On the other hand Chris made a slight comment to me about he doesn't care for the texture of softshell crab.  Which he did eat every last bite of by the way.  The chef prepared a scallop dish for him because he over heard us.  I have to admit that dish was far better than the softshell crab in brown butter.   I could have just sat there for hours and watched them cook.  I politetly and respectfully asked them questions about method and ingredients and they were very responsive.  Please remember they are hard at work so I tried to not interupt or over burden them. Dave Chang was there and he is very focused in the kitchen.  He was working on a new dish featuring some great chickens they are getting in.  It was great to see the process of him working with this cooks to come up with the idea and bring it to life.  My only regret is we were not there a tad longer to taste the finished product.  Once he took off the white coat he mingled with the customers and was great to talk with.  He is very down to earth and passionate about HIS food. I hope I am lucky enough to go back soon.  It is a great experience if you love cooking and food.  I learned so much about method, ingredients, and process that I can use at home and better my cooking.
The best meal of my life, twice. If you can get reservations, go. I far preferred this to the French Laundry but that's because I love adventurous, Asian-influence food. The poached egg is one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten and almost made me cry.
I heard the hype so I figured I should try. I decided not to read anything about it or look at any pictures so I could go in with a clear mind. Reservations are done 6 days in advance and open at 10AM. I got a reservation for 4 on my 1st try so I'm going to just say you need to know how the reservation system works and a bit of luck. Looks like they only do two seatings for dinner with a 12 bar-style seating. Located in the East Village, Ko now occupies the space that the Noodle Bar first started at. It was nice to be able to see the chefs put care into cooking and plating our courses calmly without much communication, probably due to the fact it's not an order kitchen. The only choices you make are alcohol (pairings are $95) or the announcement of any food allergies. My ten-course meal ($100) as follows (for Saturday, May 30): 1. Homemade Biscuit w/ Black Pepper Butter / Chicharróns / Braised Cauliflower w/ Florida Shrimp & Scallop - Biscuit was so indulgent but delicious. given a small cube size but it tastes like one or two sticks of butter were in that portion. Black pepper butter was great though. - Chicharron - nothing special, powdered with some cumin or paprika - Shrimp and Scallop were flavorful and seemed to be oil poached 2. Raw Long Island Fluke in Buttermilk with Poppy Seed and Chives (pic in yelp photos) - A bit forgettable 3. Santa Barbara Uni in Dashi with Sugar Snap Peas and an assortment of greens - Good, clean flavors. Uni melts in your mouth. Vegetables are kept raw / undercooked. 4. Smoked Chicken Egg with Caviar and Red Vinegar, Sous Vide Onions, and Fingerling Potato Chips (pic in yelp photos) - Very well done. Egg had a subtle flavor from smoking and was the texture of a soft boiled egg with the yolk running out mixing with the red vinegar. Really well balanced and deep flavors when eaten together. 5. Asparagus Salad with Porcinis, Broccoli Rabe, Diver Sea Scallops, Yuba, and Toasted Rice - Probably my favorite dish of the night. Scallops were cooked perfectly with a nice crisp savory sear and still so tender. Asparagus was braised beautifully with great flavor though I didn't like the taste of the white asparagus as much because it was a bit too bitter in the dish but the color contrast was beautiful. Yuba and toasted rice were a really nice touch for a variation in textures. 6. South Carolina Soft Shell Crab with Old Bay Seasoning and Chives on Celery Noodles and Hearts of Palm - I was looking forward to this dish a lot. I would have preferred my crab just a tad crispier. I enjoyed the crab the more I ate it. Hearts of Palm I could have done without because it was a bit too bitter/vinegary for my liking in this dish. Raw celery noodles would not have been my choice. 7. Shaved Frozen Husdon Valley Foie Gras over Lychee, Peanut Brittle, and Riesling Gelée (pic in yelp photos) - So indulgent. I felt quite gluttonous and guilty eating it but it was delicious. The Gelée was a bit out of place because of its strong flavor. It was less sweet than it was bitter. The peanut brittle and lychees were amazing with the foie gras though, which was just like butter. - Interesting order placement to have this dish before another savory one. 8. Deep Fried Short Rib with Assorted Spring Onions - I was really disappointed with this one. I do love short rib but I wasn't sure that deep frying it really added anything. The meat was without flavor and the mixture of greens that the meat was over was too salty. I think it was some reduced spring onions. My favorite part of this dish was actually the red pearl onions that were pickled in balsamic vinegar. - Was really hoping for a pork dish instead. 9. Guava sorbet with a Cream Cheese Skin - Pleasant surprise. Guava was a good choice, very refreshing. The sorbet with the thinned out cream cheese skin combined actually looks like a hard boiled egg. Apparently they thinned out the cream cheese and add gelatin to pair with the frozen sorbet to achieve that look. Very clever. 10. Funnel Cake with Black Sesame Ice Cream, Coconut Gel and Lemon Curd - Now, I love LOVE funnel cake but I'm not so sure this would have been my choice to end a meal. It was definitely heavy but the funnel cake was really good in flavor, texture, and crisp. The lemon curd was interesting because it tasted like kaffir lime was added and while I like it, I'm not sure it was the right move to add it to this dish. The coconut gel, albeit pretty, couldn't be tasted at all. The black sesame ice cream was good but I think I would have preferred a different flavor just because being Chinese, we eat black sesame in Tong Yuen / Tangyuan (basically mochi boiled in water and eaten like a soup) and I was already getting too many memory pulls already with the funnel cake and the kaffir lime. All in all, a really good meal and I hope to come back soon. FYI: There is now a No Picture Policy so bring a notebook
wahoo i got a reservation on my first attempt! hoorah hoorah!   i arrived at 9:15pm with my gmail print out in tow and handed it to the hostess.  She promptly seated my friend and me right in the center of the L shaped table.   we both passed on drinks b/c we didn't want to fill our stomaches with anything but david chang masterpieces, but a wine pairing was $95 in addition to the $125 for dinner. I wish I could remember the ingredients in detail, but, alas, they do not let you take pictures of the food, so there is no way for me to record my meal.   highlights: 1) beef carpaccio 2) the first dish that was umi with something and beets with pepper corns and bread 3) LAMB 4) apricot gelato with "pie crust" 5) brioche with comte and gruyere soup thingie 6) trout There was some pasta type dish with crawfish that I did not care for. Service was good too - our waiter/chef was friendly and helpful.   I would def go back if I had some out of town guests to impress, or to take my BF on a b-day dinner or something.  Definitely a treat :)   -1 because I was devastated that I couldn't whip out my iPhone at every dish to take a pic!
Lunch was too long and while there were some very good and fun courses many were not to my taste. Others with me liked them a lot, however, and what I didn't eat was gladly eaten by my friends. I appreciate there are a lot of ingredients and what was cooked was prepared well, but I don't think this type of long lunch and the Asian flavors created are for me (somehow I feel differently about dinner, and am happy to eat at Per Se). The last course of miso ice cream and mochi, in particular, left me unhappy. I am glad I went but would not return. I also think I would have a hard time recommending this lunch to any but the most die hard of foodies interested in Asian flavors and molecular gastronomy because of its high price.
I'm going to start off and say, I don't even know what to think of this meal. It was brilliant, but confusing. Totally Inventive. Some amazing, AMAZING moments, and some very underwhelming ones. I just didn't connect with everything. Glad I went? Absolutely. I like when they swing for the fences. Going Back Soon? Probably not for awhile.
What's the big deal about this place???  The place is sooo small and crowded and their noodles?!  Their noodles entrees are ridiculously OVERSALTED...I could hardly eat it.  If you're the kind of person that enjoys eating salt straight out of the carton, then this is the place for you.  Not only was my dish gross but so was my friend's ramen dish.  If they could cut back on the salt by 75%, it wouldn't be that bad.  I will say though..their chicken sandwich appetizer thing (I forgot what it was called) WAS really yummy but way overpriced.
I spent the summer in NYC and got the time to try out all the Momofukus. I got lucky in getting into this one. Just tried logging in one fine morning and was lucky enough to find spots on a Saturday night!! It has been a while and I haven't found the time to write a review on this one. I don't remember all that much, but one dish I would never forget even in my dreams, the foie gras shavings on caramelized nuts.. It tasted like a dessert straight out of heaven..really straight out of heaven. God! I have sinned! The rest of the food was really good as you would expect out of a restaurant which is tough to get into. The sake collection was really good and I had a great time. There were just 12 seats which made the experience very intimate and the chefs were really relaxed and this shows in the food they make. I would love to go back.. if only I can get lucky enough to get another reservation!
I think this place deserves all the hype that it's received. Yes, you will wait.  Yes, it might be a long wait.  Yes, it might be cold outside while you wait and shiver your tootsies off.  But cot damn, them's some good ramen noodles!  My fave is the classic Momofuku Ramen with its panoply of vegetables and Berkshire pork.. I've heard complaints that the broth is too salty but I find it oh so tasty and delicious. Some companions have found difficulty finishing the gigantor bowl of noodles that the kitchen dishes up, but I've never had a problem. Of course I could go on and on about the steamed pork buns, but we've been down that road, and they are fantastic, we all know this, and it's true, they are better here than they are over at Ssam Bar.  What I will recommend is the seasonal pickles plate to start off your meal.   Salty, fatty, tasty.  I love this place.  Show up early and bring a friend (but not too many, it's pretty cramped).
The online reservation system is actually an easier and more enjoyable experience than I have had with other fine dining establishments which require endless dialing. I enjoyed the dining experience immensely: *Bar seating, but comfortably spread apart for 10 people w/bag hooks *Really knowledgeable and pleasant wait staff, let me flip through a $700 book *Easy conversation with the kitchen crew *Bathroom has plenty of reading material, check it out, I didn't for fear of fecal matter *Viewing the prep is not a strain, the table is elevated slightly above *If you're still hungry chef will make more for you, we thought we would be, but surprisingly the meal satisfied *Love the casual feel of the patrons and environment, felt CA to me *No photos, but I openly documented on my phone *Price, SUPER reasonable for this type of dining, just shy of $600 for generous pours, including a beer pairing, we literally had one glass per course Sensational cutting edge food which lives up to the hype and tastes good: *Chicharones, savory sake, which was like a soup & green beans w/mustard seeds, like elevated bar snacks, with a street feel *A chanterelle infused vodka was served, so subtle and beautiful, mixed with orange bitters, ginger and white tea.  I want to go to every bar and have them recreate it for my signature cocktail. *The fluke was delicate and airy, balanced flavors. *Sirloin carpaccio was treated and presented with precision.   *The consomme w/oxtail 'tortellini' was recreated with daikon instead of the traditional pasta, holy heaven.  The whole dish was a spin on how pho tastes, but visually completely different. *Poached egg on a bed of chervil and Japanese sweet potato & caviar, oozing salty goodness w/a fresh herby touch.  Tasted like there was butter, but it was just caramelization of the onion.   *Homemade ribbon pasta, with chicken & snail sausage & chicken skin for texture.  Enough said.  Unique and utterly ridiculous. *Scallops with sunchokes *Shaved foie gras with pineapple lychee, perfect play of sweet/savory. *Venison w/brussel sprouts, celery foam and huckleberries, perfect. *Olive oil ice cream w/pepita seeds.  Always love EVOO ice cream, the pumpkin seeds were wonderful. Not many meals make me smile ear to ear.  Really interesting ingredients and combinations I haven't seen.  My favorite meal this trip.
4.5 / 10 I got the momofuku ramen, their signature dish, well lets just say i was more than disappointed, I feel like there are many other noodle bars in the city with better or the same taste for a lot less money.  Should one really pay up for marginally better noodles, I dont think so.  Oh and I found the food to be a bit salty.  So basically I would only recommend this place to people who are anti chinatown and anti divey noodle joints.
I came here awhile ago and didn't really explored the menu and haven't been back. A friend and I just wanted a quick bite before dinner (true fat asses). We had two orders of  the Berkshire pork buns , which were delicious!! Melt in your mouth pork sandwiched inbetween two small heavenly soft buns. Then my friend had something else light but I forgot, and I had ramen noodles. The waiter suggested a cold one and I agreed to it. It was the Tsukemen. It was served like shabu shabu, everything was seperate but cooked - the warm broth, the cold noodles, and Berskshire pork and poached egg. The fact that everthing was cold and the broth warm, which cooled off to becoming lukewarm, I wasn't satisfied. I just picked at it and ended up leaving it looking barely consumed. I wanted something different but c'mon who eats ramen noodles cold??? Wrong choice on my behalf. Their prices are kind of steep, and since there are so many other places available with the city, it's probably why I never returned.
Just when I thought I had the best meal I've ever had, along comes Momofuku Ko.  Everything about this place was amazing from start to finish.  We were lucky we scoped out the place before we went or else we would have never found it in the dark.  Just look for the simple peach on the door.  If you see the Noodle Bar, you've gone too far. The low down: about 10-12 people total eating inside the restaurant with three chefs and two servers.  The counter is very spread out and enjoyable so you are not crammed next to someone else like you would be at other Momofuku eateries.  Ambiance -trendy/casual from the server's awesome striped dress to our quasi-hipster chef's tattooed arms and painful looking earrings.   We arrived right on time for our 9:20 reservation.  *A tip about the reservation - we were a party of four and the four of us tried about three days just to get a reservation.  None of us were able to get a res for four so I just tried to see if they had anything for two people.  Everything was booked at exactly 7am PT but by 7:25am, two people had canceled and I quickly booked two reservations at 9:20 and 9:30 for parties of two (you are allowed to book up to two reservations).  Momofuku immediately emailed me thinking it was a mistake so I told them we were actually a party of four.  Thankfully, they offered to accommodate us and told us all to come at 9:20 for a party of four.   It just so happened that 10 of the 12 people in the restaurant were from San Francisco and the chef who served us the most spent six years in SF so we chatted with him quite a bit about the restaurant scene in both NY and SF.   We watched the chefs create all these little intricate details on each dish while they hunched over the counter. The food as best as we could remember without writing it all down on our phones or taking pictures (per the restaurant's rules): 1. Chicharron 2. Acorn squash soup 3. Cucumber with creme fraiche, lox, grapefruit and dill. 4. Scallops with sticky rice dusted with nori and chipotle powder 5. Lobster with pickled green tomatoes 6. Soup with shrimp, orange gummy, chili oil, roasted pepper soup, marjoram, compressed butter bread. 7. Aged beef tartar sprinkled with popcorn, sesame chips and cream and tomatillo. 8. Smoked soft-boiled egg with caviar, fingerling potato chips, fresh potato bread with seasoned butter. 9. Mushroom pasta with abalone 10. Almond crusted Skate wing with roasted cauliflower, with bee pollen and almond foam. 11. Frozen shaved foie gras with lychee, sake gelee, pine nut brittle. 12. 48 hour marinated short ribs with marinated onion and white peaches and horse radish sauce, Shizo leaf and chard. 13. Mushroom tea with French toast bite. 14. Squash cake, olive ice cream, with balsamic basil sauce. 15. Concord grape sorbet, Rice Krispy, white chocolate powder. I can't even say which dish was the best, because honestly, they were all fabulous from start to finish.  Everything was so unique and creative, especially the shaved foie gras.  We were celebrating that one since we can no longer eat foie in our state.  You can't beat the price - $125 for a 3 hour dinner.   Definitely an amazing experience that will not soon be forgotten.
If Yelp had half stars, I would give 4.5 stars.  I went for dinner a few weeks ago.  The food is so innovative and meticulously prepared that it's hard not to give the place 5 stars.  Every course is unlike anything I've ever tasted, some tastier than others.  The shaved foie gras dish must have crack in it.  That and the caviar with egg dish were probably my favorite.  The congee with sausage and sea urchin dish were both good, but my least favorites.  My 2 complaints (both non food related) were that the seats were uncomfortable after about half hour and they wouldn't allow any pics.  I would absolutely go back, but getting resos is no easy feat.
All that clicking to be let down by some uninspired, "seen-it done-that" meals.  Its all about hype and good marketing for this place.  Service was spot on and decor was simple.  The meals however weren't up to the standards that I was thinking of.  The food is "okay" and definitely better than most meals I've had, but for the taste, price and time spent was clearly not worth it.   Out of 8 meals served, I really enjoyed 3.  My winners were a: Half boiled egg, with caviar and little chips Smoked soup with Lobster mushrooms prailin dessert with cantaloupe sorbet on top Rest of the meals tasted almost the same or were off in left field that I wasn't sure where the menu was going.  There wasn't a stable foundation or element that tied the food together.  Some items like the scallops and duck should be removed from the menu IMO.  Its been done and hasn't changed much in creativeness here either.  Save your money and head to Ssam bar instead...don't worry, you'll practically be getting the same thing for less.
I spent all day yesterday reading about Ko, getting ready for this culinary adventure, and waiting to see if it could possibly live up to the hype.  The food was awe inspiring.....really incredible.  Our menu included: Amuse - octopus, pork rind, & bread/muffin soaked in butter and baked to perfection (one of the highlights). Fluke in a buttermilk sauce with poppy seeds. Sea Urchin in a dashi broth with pea shoots and cucumber and some deliciously fresh herbs.  Amazing. Smoked egg with fingerling potato chips, caviar, and carmelized onion. Hand torn pasta with snail sausage and pecorino.  YUM. Soft shell crab with fresh shaved hearts of palm and Old Bay sauce....this was outrageous and I could have eaten a couple more. Foie gras with lychee, peanut brittle, and riesling gelee...I've read about this in nearly every review, and it's true...one of the best dishes I've tried, ever. Deep fried short ribs with fresh scallion....surprisingly, my least favorite dish of the night.  I know short ribs are, by definition, fatty, but this was extreme.  Not into it. Guava sorbet with cream cheese "skin" Funnel cake with black sesame ice cream The food alone would have deserved a 5 star rating, and I found the experience to be very pleasant (contrary to what I had read in many reviews).  It's unique and definitely does not give you the "warm and fuzzy" feeling, but who cares?  You're at close range with world class chefs, watching them prepare intricate dishes...it's pretty cool.  I was more offended by the loud (and unrelenting) cackle of the woman to my left. My only gripe with the meal, and the thing that left me with a slightly bitter feeling when leaving the restaurant, was the wine pricing issue.  Pay attention to what you are ordering, because the "half bottles" are listed in terms of mL, with the cheapest half bottle at $55.  They are very small and you will probably order more than one....this quickly brought our bill to $400 for 2 people.  The wine pairing would have been a better option.   That said, the experience was well worth it and the food is delicious....highly recommended!
Simply put, the greatest meal of my life: I need a sixth star to begin to do it justice. From start to finish every dish was subtly nuanced and balanced on the head of a pin. This is gastronomy at an elevated level both intellectually and sensually. As with most High Art, concept and execution at this level is over the heads of most audience including this author. I feel lucky and grateful to have had the chance to behold....
WHOA! One of the best meals I have ever ever ever had. So fresh, exquisite, flavorful and strange, all at the same time. First, the atmosphere. Very similar to Momofuku Noodle. Only 12-14 seats total. Cramped and the seats aren't the best since there is no back. Usually, it doesn't matter for a shorter meal, but this was a 2-3 hour meal. Very minimal and simple setting. The service is fantastic, professional, friendly and fun. The chefs are great and very informative and personal. I was impressed. The food... oh my gosh! Unbelievable. I had 17 courses. And, I wasn't even too stuffed afterwards. The food was light and of course, each course was small. They had a course for a different ingredient such as oyster, yellowtail, corn, white peach, foie gras, lamb, eggplant, pasta, lobster, etc. The food was so tasty and bold and unique. I never heard of some of the ingredients but was richly educated. Would I come back? Probably not. This is certainly NOT my style of eating (I like more casual meals with big portions), especially for the hefty price. But, I did thoroughly enjoy every moment of it and would recommend to others, especially if they are rich and have lots of time!!!
I think I've fallen in love and I don't know how to snap out of it. This is one of those once-in-a-lifetime meals that is too rich to sit through again but too wonderful not to experience. I came here last week with a fellow foodie and I must say it was worth every second of the 3.5 hour meal. Talk about a one-meal wonder. I don't think i ate anything for the next 40 hours. Originally I wanted to write this review and try to take the readers through my experience with me, elaborating on every course, but I think I've decided against it because I don't want to spoil anyone's experience by revealing too much. Everything about the experience- the music, the servers, the minimal seating leaves one thing crystal clear: the food is what we're here for...and everything else is merely the support system. My friend and I did the wine pairings which greatly enhanced the food experience (although it's quite a lot so I hope you have a high tolerance). We were given a nice mixture of champagne (to go with our raw food courses), wonderful fruity and smooth sakes, red and white wines, and brandy dessert wines. Each dish (there were about 15) was presented in an impeccable fashion and with painstaking attention to detail. Let me paint you a little picture: Have you ever seen a performance that you thought flowed so seamlessly you didn't even realize when one song/act began and when one ended? The story was told and understood by you with minimal/no explanation and uninterrupted fluidity? Well, that's how this meal was. They were very good about timing and each course was introduced without any opportunity for an awkward lag. I loved the open kitchen bar seating because we really got to see the chefs at work. They were amazing. They zipped through each course with expertise and without breaking any kind of sweat. Clearly they don't just hire anyone. Some highlights and lowlights were: -A wonderful kanpachi sashimi (a white fish) with a citrus dressing and radish greens. -A white riesling gelatin and fresh lychee dish with foie gras shavings which changed my life. The texture was unbelievable. Cold, melt-on-your-tongue foie gras shavings with lightly sweet wine jello and juicy, lychees. Indescribable joy. -Beef Carpaccio with parmesan shavings. Very thinly sliced, flavorful beef carpaccio greatly texturized with soft parmesan shavings, edamame beans and some sort of crisp. -Lobster Mushi- I've only had the typical egg mushi (think a light, warm egg custard) but the sweet, lobster version was in an element all its own. -A wonderful buckwheat tortellini with a miso pork sausage- smoky, savory, delicious. Both their desserts were also fantastic- a home-made peach sorbet with a graham cracker paste and an outstandingly unique corn flan with dark chocolate. The saltiness of the corn kernels and soft flan were a great contrast to the rich, sweet chocolate. A perfect mixture of a salty ying with a sweet yang. With a mounting count of flawless dishes, there were a few who didn't quite make the cut. I wasn't a huge fan of their lamb entree- mostly because I don't love lamb. I thought it was too fatty and didn't wow me in the same way many of the other dishes did. There was also a bacon infused broth with sweet shrimp and beans. Although I am a secret lover of bacon (shh!) this dish was my greatest disappointment. The broth was too smoky and overpowered the subtle bean and shrimp flavors, making the dish almost unbearable. Overall I think this place is definitely worth a try and lived up to my expectations in every sense. David Chang deserves some gold star bravos for his innovative ways with simple, fresh ingredients. He isn't afraid to experiment with the new and the old, the weird and the staples, and most of all, he understands the concept of impressing but not over-inflating. At the end of the day I think every guest, despite their taste buds, feels like they walk away from Momofuku Ko a little wiser in the arts of foodiesm....and a lot fuller. Mission Accomplished. The End.
[Non-photo review] For full review, please see: wp.me/pwXBH-125  IT IS WHAT IT IS Summary: exciting, well conceived and executed food served to you by the chefs at your bar stool. To them, it's just food; to you, it's possibly one of the best meals you've had this year. It's a pain to book, but if you get a golden ticket it is certainly worth the angst. ko...go. That elusive peach Just like so many others, I had tried to reserve one of the 12 fabled bar stools available at David Chang's double Michelin-starred restaurant momofuku ko quite a few times. When still living in London, I had attempted to reserve a spot for upcoming trips to Manhattan, but to no avail. As is well-known, reservations at ko are only available on the restaurant's website, and you can reserve six days in advance. At 10.00am every morning (on their server's time, not yours), hundreds or thousands of people presumably click away at the same time, hoping that the black-colored weekly calendar grid won't be full of white x's but instead littered with green checkmarks, meaning that there are actually seats (well, stools) available. Seemingly like all things David Chang, this reservation policy has proven controversial  on the one hand it is democratic (albeit in the extreme) and on the other hand it is exceedingly frustrating for everyone trying to get a table, whether they be a celebrity, their PA or normal folks like you and me. Anyhow, my blogger friend @catty was in town for a few weeks and we wanted to go out for dinner one night. I had booked somewhere (Minetta Tavern if you care to know), but thought I'd give the old reservation slot machine another whirl. And, ko and behold, when I clicked away at 10.00am on the dot (and I mean on the dot), the upcoming column of Monday dining times appeared and all the table times had a green checkmark next to them. I hastily selected one of the earlier slots and then on the next page a countdown began from 120 seconds, during which time you have to frantically enter all of your details and credit card number, etc.  otherwise, you will lose the temporarily held reservation. Luckily, I had my credit card to hand and all was good. I was finally going to take a bite out of that hopefully juicy peach. Most bloggers will also aware of the fact that there is strictly no photography allowed in the restaurant, and in a sense I was actually looking forward to this. I could leave the camera in my bag and just focus on enjoying the food, not having to get that perfect shot of each dish. This is ostensibly the aim of the policy  but more on that later. Cold night, warm environs I arrived a bit early  okay, an hour early  so I decided to brave the below-freezing weather and wander around the neighborhood as I hadn't been down this way in a while. I wandered into the nearby Milk Bar and thought about getting some of the justifiably legendary Crack Pie (apparently, there is a trademark pending on that item plus a few others at Milk Bar); however, they informed me that the pie needed to stay refrigeratedso I decided to pick a few up on the way back, even though it was below freezing outside. As I walked back to ko, I noticed David Chang was having a bite to eat before dinner service. He was noticeably enjoying his chat with the chefs. Still about 30 minutes early, I didn't feel like crashing the party, so I took a quick snap of him in his signature skullcap behind the cage-like doors and kept walking, trying to keep warm. Soon enough, I saw that @catty had checked in on Foursquare, so I headed back. After having read a number of accounts regarding how the narrow dining room with L-shaped bar seating was cold, harsh and awkward, I was quite pleasantly surprised upon entering. There was a certain warmth about the place, with soft orange lighting and warm wood tones being the dominant features. The three chefs seemed totally at ease, and went about their work very quietly. One of the few people who was not behind the counter came over to enquire about drinks, and I decided to go for the suggested alcohol pairing. This cost $95 while the tasting menu itself was $125, so it was not particularly cheap given the cost of the meal. Still, I was looking forward to it as I'd heard that they do some interesting combinations, and not solely wine. We were lucky enough to get the two seats located on the short side of the bar, which afforded us a good view of the goings on in the totally open kitchen. So, without further adieu Son of' athis is good [1] We attempted to scribble down notes about what we were eating on our blackberries (@catty doing an admirably better job than myself, maybe in part due to the alcohol setting in during the later courses for me). So, some things may be slightly inaccurate, but you should get the pictureso to speak . Amuse Bouches: things kicked off with a trio of pristinely presented little teasers. These included: 1. Pork rinds seasoned with tōgarashi: these were impossibly delicate,
Like Totoraku in LA, Momofuku Ko appears to be that restaurant that everyone wants to go to due to the popularity of the food coupled with the difficulty in obtaining a seating.  Unlike Totoraku, though, sadly the hype exceeded the real deal but this is because the expectations are so high.   My brother got super lucky with the reservations and we were able to score a 6:50 reservation - the first one - on a Friday night.  I was so excited and even brought my camera to document in hopes that I could repeat what I did for Totoraku.  However, a few snaps inside resulted in the hostess kindly informing us that pictures were not allowed.  Shucks. That only briefly dampened my mood as I realized that I finally made it.  I'm in!  I was super excited since a friend of mine described one of the dishes he ate her - braised short ribs - as the single best dish he's eaten his entire life.   Thus our meal started.  I did the beverage pairing and my brother had a half bottle of the Chateauneuf de Pape.  The half bottle was VERY good as was my beverage pairing, which included a variety of wines, sake and even a beer.  The beer was the worst selection and I think it actually killed one of the dishes I ate - the halibut.  If you get served beer with the halibut, make sure you consume them separately.   Onto the food! Amuse - English muffins soaked in pork fat; pork rind with salty seasoning; Pate with caviar.  As most of the other reviewers mentioned, the english muffin was the most popular but I actually like the pate starter the best.  A great start to our meal.   Fluke sashimi with buttermilk and poppy seeds - A pretty average dish I must say.  The flavors went well but the fish itself was teriyaki boy quality.  Again, I'm holding this to 5 star standards.   Mushroom and radish soup - I'm definitely a little confused by this one.  Fresh mushrooms, scallions and two pieces of radish in a bowl uncooked, after which they pour an udon-soup-like broth into the bowl.   Everything cooks instantly and the ingredients taste great but I can't help feeling like I'm drinking instant noodle soup.  I don't understand how this dish makes itself onto a menu of a 5 purportedly star restaurant. Poached chicken egg w/ caviar, tarty onions, and mini-potato chips - One of my favorite dishes because the egg is cooked perfectly and mixes really well with the other flavors.  I wasn't crazy about the onions at first but as I kept eating, I found myself just wanting to mix everything together and eat it all in one scoop.  The one thing fishy about this dish is how they emphasize that it's a "chicken" egg.  Is that supposed to make it more special? Cheese ravioli with chorizo and corn on top - My brother's favorite dish and for good reason.  The cheese inside the ravioli is so smooth and silky and buttery.  The sauce goes amazingly well and coupled with the corn and chorizo...  Definitely a success although one of our party members said it was her least favorite. Shaved Foie Gras with Lychee and Riesling Gelee - My favorite dish.  The uniqueness of the dish - shaved foie gras - coupled with how each of the ingredients matched with each other made this a pretty mind blowing experienced.  I would definitely pay to eat this again. Grilled Halibut - My friend asked me, "Is it as good as what you ate at BLT fish?"  My answer: Nope.  Then I thought about it a little more and I realized that I had a better piece of fish at my aunt's place on Monday night.  That steamed Chinese fish in soy sauce.  This is extremely average and you will probably eat it, enjoy it and then instantly forget it. Duck with cherries, chinese string beans and water chestnuts - The water chestnuts were a really good addition to this very "normal" dish of seared duck.  The skin was good and there was a nice small layer of fat.  It's a tasty dish but again, it's really average.  I feel like I've eaten this a million times in other restaurants.  Where's the "uniqueness"? Pre-dessert of kiwi sorbet on top of apricot puree - Good sorbet but nothing that will change your life. Yellow cake ice cream on top of peanut brittle served with strawberries and a strawberry sauce.  After the foie gras, this was probably my favorite dish and I'm not even a dessert person.  I definitely have a new love for peanut brittle mixed with ice cream.  It's a simple dish but well done. Lastly, my brother and I opted for an expresso, which was a good way to end the meal.  Nothing special and you can probably pass on it to save $4 (I thought it was included with the meal...) All in all, I had a good meal but it wasn't life changing.  I had Joe Shanghai the night before and for the cost of less than one person, I fed 7 people and probably enjoyed the food more.  I give it four stars because it's a good meal and a good experience but I think most people will be better off not wasting their lives sitting in front of the computer at 10am every day.
Possibly the most overrated noodle place in the east village. The tasteless noodles float in broth with chunks of pork fat, and the seating arrangement is awkward. Also overpriced.
Not a bad experience, just not a great one. Best dish by far was the shaved foie gras over pine nut brittle, lychee and gelee. Other dishes ranged from overly salty to just ok. Unless 125/person is pocket change and you're going for the experience/trendiness of it all, I say go elsewhere.
Another review of Momofuku?  How predictable. Momofuku is that band that's really good and everyone likes.  It's kind of annoying to admit that you like them too (Radiohead? Beck? Jeff Buckley? Missy Elliott?) but sometimes we dirty masses get it right. Good: Pork Ramen Pork Buns Pork Everything! Not too salty Nice waiters Bad: Shoulder-to-shoulder with hipster scum The Wait
I recently went, in anticipation of an excellent meal.  What I got, was an ok meal.  I have to say I had been there 5 years earlier and it was, in my opinion one of the best meals ever.  Fast forward to a few weeks ago, it was disappointing.  The meal was fine, but compared to the previous meals it was ok.  I would still recommend going, but I think the quality has gone down a bit, and perhaps the chefs working there now are just not as up,to snuff as they used to be.  I guess Chang is focusing on his other business ventures instead of his flagship restaurant
Ended up here completely by accident one night and it was stellar, but expensive.  The shaved foie gras lychee gelle was a highlight, and having the cereal milk dessert well before Momo Milk opened up was also fun.
Yeah. You know. It's really as great as everyone says it is. And David Chang is a satanic genius. If you're a happy drunk, the wine pairing will make you delirious. Literally, fucking delirious. As the night progresses on you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll "ooh" and "ahh" over each new plate and you won't be able to stop yourself because everything is so next-level-weird your brain won't believe what your mouth is tasting. The only thing about it that made me feel like I was in an episode of The Twilight Zone was that literally every single couple in there, filling those kind of uncomfortable high seats, was a White Guy : Asian Girl. Is there a term for that? I don't know. I couldn't finish the funnel cake/sesame ice cream dessert because at that point my stomach was distended like an Ethiopean baby's, without the flies. Absolute worst comparison. I'm so sorry. I was also incredibly (but elegantly) wasted, so while I can't run down what the night's entire menu was, I do remember the chicken and escargot sausage, which was exceptionally chickeny and escargoty, and of course the shaved foie gras with pine nut brittle which made me hear angels singing a slow funeral dirge directly into my ears.
BOYCOTTING DAVID CHANG! I woke up early on Labor Day just so I could sneak in a resy while others were sleeping. This was my 3rd attempt. Prior to this, I had seen the green checkmark twice. On Labor Day I noticed a change in their resy system. They now had a dropdown for lunch OR dinner selection. I grabbed a 9:30pm resy for 9/7/08 on my 3rd attempt. I was told that the menu evolves with one ingredient changing daily. I was elated and looking forward to my meal. We check in and I am asked to show a printout of my email confirmation. I show it on my phone instead just to defy convention. It is accepted and I walk in. I was told this was the location of the original Noodle Bar. Upon walking in, I notice to my right there is glassware on top and a wine fridge on the bottom. There is also a square block island for lord knows what reason. To the left is 10 seats. There are also 2 seats around the bend in the near corner. We sat at the 2 seats on the near left and the 2 seats around the bend. The back area is the kitchen. The staff consists of: 4 CHEFS (1 idle, assuming he's in training) - white chef top, b/w checkered pants -White guy 6', clear glasses - drank Bud on the job -Asian guy 5'6", crew cut - drank Bud on the job -Japanese gal 5'4", black glasses, japanese flag bandana under black momofuku hat -White guy, 5'6", bald, colored tattoos on entire left elbow area (rookie in training, didn't touch anything) 2 HOSTESSES -White gal, 5'6", black casual top, jeans, sneakers (guessing she was the bar maid as she took inventory of the wine fridge) -Asian gal, 5'4", white button down, pants, hair clip I have a feeling DC told his staff to never look idle, as the hostesses were doing something at all times, whether it be checking inventory or drying silverware. This is the layout of the menu: Amuse Raw Soup Egg Pasta Fish Meat Pie Dessert Beverage We were handed the moleskine [see inside left flap on bottom for confirmation] bound drink menu, but we passed. There is also an optional wine pairing (3 levels, 3 prices). This is what we had: -LITTLE CREEK OYSTERS [tomato, soy, lemon jam, salt] - freshly shucked for our enjoyment, this was a good opener, very fresh -CHICHARRON [togarashi] - ok so it's not too hard or crunchy but delicate like a shrimp cracker you get at Chinese banquets, I could have a whole bag of this, not substantial enough as a dish on its own though..prorated = $10/dish...NOT! -TOASTED ENGLISH MUFFIN [fried onion, bay leaf, whipped pork fat] - approx 2" in diameter, too starchy, not porous enough IMO, nothing special really -FLUKE SASHIMI [poppy, chive, white soy, spicy buttermillk] - not spicy at all, soy and buttermilk was a good combo, fluke was OK, a cheap fish in my book -MATSUTAKE MUSHROOM SOUP [alfalfa sprouts, turnip, summer bean] - bacon dashi was poured over it, mushroom left a very dry aftertaste in my mouth, beans tasted like peanuts, soup was flavorful though, more like a side dish -SMOKED EGG [soft boiled, hackleback caviar, soubise onion marmalade, sea salt, green garnish, fingerling potato chips] - good use of diff textures and flavors (salty, sour, neutral), egg was super velvety, caviar was a nice sinful delight but didn't send chills up my spine or anything, what smoke? -SWEET CORN RAVIOLI [cotija cheese crumble, corn, chorizo, pickled onion] - you get 3 round ones, great combo, YUM! -ROASTED DIVER SCALLOP [burnt onion, diced radish, pepperoncini puree] - scallops (2) were seared and very tasty, not crazy about this combo of ingredients, not well thought out, IMO scallops should never be an entree -FOIE GRAS TORCHON [riesling gelee, lychee, pine nut brittle] - very good, this combo synergized for me, shavings on top looked like sawdust, i was expecting a slice of frozen torchon instead, gelee was heavily infused w/ riesling, pine nut brittle was very crunchy, nice mix textures w/ sweet, salty, sour, crunchy. -MUSCOVY DUCK [breast and leg, skin on, vinegared cherries, long bean, water chestnuts, bean sprouts] - saw this go in the salamander, chestnuts were hand pressed, we got 4pcs served medium (you don't get to choose), quite tender and delish, skin was still uber crispy, well done -KIWI SORBET [apricot puree, olive oil] - just OK, i could have done w/o the olive oil, didn't do anything for me, trying too hard here -DECONSTRUCTED CAKE [yellow cake ice cream, strawberry jam, strawberries (5), peanut brittle/shaving] - trying to hard to be different here, it was OK, nothing special, tasted like what you would expect, peanut shavings on bottom of ice cream canelle, peanut brittle under 5pcs of glazed mini strawberries We all left UNIMPRESSED - 3rd strike (Noodle Bar - ramen was lackluster, Ssam - 3 notches too salty, Ko - overpriced, tried too hard to be creative, not well thought out). Your yummy $5 pork buns will only get you so far DC! I took my foodie meetup here: meetup.com/teamfoodie/ph…
just loved everything about it!the service,the atmosphere and the food was just amazing.Would never hesitate to come back.Superb!
I love Momofuku! I hate when people knock it for not being "authentic" when it's obviously not supposed to be so! Japanese and Korean influenced dishes like ramen and chap chae with a proper nod towards the traditional style, but not an attempt to re-create authenticity. Seasonal, very American ingredients (Greenmarket vegetables; Iowa Berkshire pork) are juxtaposed well with classic Asian ones. Pork-heavy in the best possible way. Great list of sake and the whole line of Hitachino Ales from Japan. Must-haves include: Momofuku Ramen, pickle plate, Ssam, steamed buns
ugh. worst. experience. ever. The waiters were SO mean to me when I walked into this place when all I wanted to know was if they do take out. I understand people being overwhelmed from having to serve everyone, but it's not cool to practically YELL at new customers. It made me want to never step my foot in this place again. Please try out other noodle shops in the area such as Menkuitei...where waiters are ALWAYS nice to you even if the place is packed.
Intimate atmosphere with precise yet imaginative cooking. If you can snag a reservation... take it and enjoy, it's worth every penny!
i hate when a restaurant moves a few doors down and your YELP review gets orphaned. PHOOEY! well the new location is more of the same goodness, with far less wait.
I went this past Monday for a 7p seat.  My friend, who had the chance to dine there once before, and I were really excited to go.  I was surprised by the other patrons, as I could not imagine them clicking the momofuku site every morning at 10a, like I had for the last two months.   The food was okay, not as amazing or interesting as I had been anticipating for so many weeks.  I can definitively say that there is so much HYPE around this restaurant and it is basically feeding on nonsense hype.  Im really tired of living in Manhattan and being subjected to such nonsense.  For everyone reading this, THE FOOD WAS JUST OKAY. It was not amazing in any way.  The way people talk about this restaurant and this food as transformative and life altering, I mean really guys, GET A LIFE.   My favorite courses I think were the pea soup with crawfish (soup is sweet and has subtle flavors, I forget of what, juxtaposes well with the crawfish and little mushroom bundle).  It was creamy, milky, sweet, light green, really delicious soup.   I also liked the escargot lasagna, I really like escargot and the ricotta foam enhanced the traditional concept of lasagna.  but in this dish, I feel the escargot was not complemented well and could have easily been lost and mistaken as mushrooms.   I think the dish I anticipated the most was their poached egg with caviar, as I love egg and caviar like no ones business.  The egg was too overdone in my opinion.  The caviar was delicious.  People have said the fingerling potato chips in this dish was genius.  I must have missed it.  There is a great egg appetizer at Eleven Madison Park  and also Falai (if anyone cares) that are much better than this dish.   The most creative dish was obviously the frozen shaved fois gras over gelee and lychee.  I love fois gras immensely.  I think it is a super delicious treat.  I love liver, especially liver yakitori and basically all forms of liver (chicken, beef, goose, whatever).  So this dish was a pleasant surprise.  Just the essential taste of liver contradicted with such a unique sweet flavor as lychee.  I spooned it into my mouth like baby food.  However, I suppose with all the wine and the strong flavor of liver with such a saccharine sweet riesling and lychee taste, I felt like I was going to vomit shortly after my consumption of the dish. It was a really gross feeling following such a highly anticipated meal.   The desserts were not scrumptious, though cantaloupe sorbet  was pretty refreshing.    The panna cotta with avocado puree was awkward.  I could have passed on it altogether.  Was disappointed that we were not served the apple pie with sour cream ice cream!  I used to love the Mcdonalds apple pies so much!  Actually, the first time I heard or read about this rest., the biggest motivator to go was hearing about this apple pie resembling the old school mickeydees pies!  I remember I was eating at Annisa (sp?) having their apple pie, and thinking that Ko's was probably better.  Too bad I never got to try it.   Overall, an okay dining experience.  I am no longer on the site clicking away feverishly.  You can wait to try to this place, really, trust me.  My friend reaction to his first dining experience here was for what he spent, he could have had another more satisfying meal.  I couldnt agree more.  And the $50 wine pairing  was total bullshit.  It didnt enhance any great flavors like the waitress claimed.  Though they did have one sake which was quite delicious.
that was the best meal i've ever had in my life. no hyperbole. i tried for 3 months, every single day, before i got a reservation. but it was totally worth the effort and lived up to the hype. took the wine and sake pairing. but the food is the real star. A MAZ ING go eat there now!
I kowtow to the lucky peach... you had me at "hello". Wifey and I are not new to the Momofuku brand.  We ate at this very spot a year ago when it used to be the original Momofuku noodle bar. When we heard that chef David Chang turned it into an upscale fusion restaurant, we had to check it out. When we heard that Momofuku Ko was awarded 2 Michelin stars this year, wifey made it her personal mission to get us in. If you can get by the ungodly online reservation system, you are in for a huge treat.  But as I said, scoring a reservation is a bitch... they only have twelve seats in the entire place. The format is simple, you pay about a hundred bucks or so (and another fifty to hundred bucks for the wine pairing) and eat what they serve you.  For your hard-earned greenbacks, you'll get a multi-course meal that will leave you stunned. The place is tiny. No bigger than my kitchen at home. Every seat is at the bar so you get a front-row view of your food being prepared.  The experience is absolutely mesmerizing.  Feel free to chat with the chefs, they were all friendly but extremely focused and detail-oriented. Highlights of our meal: * Homemade biscuit with a touch of mirin. * Rhode Island fluke sashimi with buttermilk and poppyseed. * Poached egg with caviar in one of the most playful and zany presentations I've ever seen. * Shaved foie over lychee and Riesling gelee. Food was amazingly tasty, beautifully presented, and incredibly fun to watch as they prepared it. I would say that service was invisible, except that the servers that night were both smokin' HOT!  Bone-freakin' HOT! *don't tell wifey* Chef Chang, you have my sincerest adoration and respect. And you gots great taste in women, keep hiring those hotties!!!
Place is overated, food is pricey and portion is small. Wait line is long. I have tasted better japanese food somewhere else.
Another vote for Ssam Bar over Ko.  Maybe I just hit a wall during the last half of the meal, but it seems like the combinations stumbled after we left the "raw fish with tasty garnishes" behind.  Lamb was lackluster, I didn't enjoy the shaved foie gras dish.  Painful price point.  I'll definitely return to Ssam Bar for excellent cocktails and of course those pork buns and many other delights, but would not recommend Ko.
I was taken to Momofuku Ko as a holiday surprise--I had no idea what I was in for when we stepped through the completely nondescript entrance. The interior is spare, with a simple bar, stools for 12, with the kitchen where the chefs work directly behind the bar. I can't describe here accurately what I ate because it was like nothing I've ever eaten before. So many intense flavor combinations and new types of food! My favorites were the roasted beet small bite, smoked egg with caviar and fingerling potato chips, and the dessert courses. The shaved foie gras over lychee was excellent, and everything was just so interesting. Joe and I split a beverage pairing, which included an aperitif, cedar-aged sake (my favorite!), a Coney Island beer, a rose, sparkling white wine, red wine, and a mother's milk stout with dessert (also a dessert wine). Splitting was a good decision! I would highly recommend Momofuku Ko to anyone who wants dining to be an experience. Each dish was filled with anticipation and flavors and the presentations were impressive as well. I loved how relaxed and casual the chefs were, and the host was super accommodating and friendly--he made us feel entirely welcome.
Ah, ko. How I long awaited your ten course meal.  I almost gave up on you, but I think the ko gods felt my hope withering and somehow I was able to snag an 8:15 reservation yesterday, thereby ending my crazed clicking game at 10AM. We entered the restaurant, presented our "golden ticket" and were seated in 10 minutes - apparently it is unusual to wait given their strict reservation policy, but we waited with chilled rose on the house watching the cooks behind the bar sing along to Led Zeppelin. No complaints so far. We sat down to begin our 10 courses, and chose the $50 wine pairing. A nice touch here is that they allow you to switch some of the courses to the $85 or $150 wine list if there is something on those respective lists that you would like to try. Now for the food - Although the meal was 11 courses, each course is so small you leave feeling perfectly full.. I did not feel as if I had eaten an 11 course meal when I left. A quick note- the wine/sake/beer pairing was phenomenal and perfectly complimented every dish.  Here goes: 1. Fried English Muffin & Pork Rind -- bland, no flavor, would have preferred Cheetos (sparkling rose) 2. Fluke Sashimi Style with Poppyseed & Mustard Buttermilk - absolutely delicious. Surprising, spicy, and delectable (chardonnay) 3. Mushroom rolls with cuttlefish in a sweet pea soup - pretty sweet, not that interesting of flavors or combination but went surprisingly well with the sake that was paired (sake) 4. Smoked poached egg with caviar, fingerling potato chips - this was a good course, but again it wasn't as flavorful as it looked, the caviar surprisingly did not add much, it reminded me more of a brunch dish (sauvignon blanc) 5. Mushroom lasagna with spring vegetables and ricotta foam - first course where I started to feel the "ko." Although nothing sounds that intelligent about these ingredients, it tasted wonderful and the combination was a first for me (pinot noir) 6. Trout with picked radishes and bacon puree and roasted almonds - I disliked this dish so much I could not take more than my initial bite. My husband enjoyed it but the trout was extremely fish-y and I did not like it (alagash white ale) 7. Shaved foie gras torchon over Riesling gelee and peanut brittle with lychees - all stars I gave ko were for this dish. Amazing, genius, awe-inspring, surprising, delectable, please play the 10AM game for this course. (sake) 8.  Fried Short Rib with braised nikkon and picked baby carrots - this was supposedly one of the other ko greats on the menu but I found the dish to be extremely fatty. I know ribs are supposed to be fatty, but I felt that the meat was unusually fatty and I couldn't really enjoy it. That said, my husband ate mine and his so I'm pretty sure he enjoyed it. (cabernet) 9. Cantaloupe sorbet with cashew brittle 10. Cereal milk pana cotta with an avocado shmear - I didn't like this dessert at all, and the avocado was a weird and not great touch. A good example of why great chefs should hire great pastry chefs. (moscato) 11. Free glass of bourbon on the house I have to say that they line & sous chefs have it pretty easy in this place. They know exactly what they are serving and they have every ingredient pre-portioned in bags and plastic containers. You can watch them prepare every dish from your seat at the bar but it isn't something that awe-inspiring because they seem to be simply warming up sauces and taking the sorbet out of a little plastic container.  I felt that this somehow took away a little from the experience, as in I didn't want to see you take parsley out of a Ziploc bag. Maybe that is what happens in every kitchen, but I just didn't need to see it. Nice experience, a few great courses, but nothing that will compare to a Jean George (who offers only a slightly higher priced prix fixe), where I feel that the quality and flavors are consistently surprising and delicious.  But kudos to Mr. Chang for the risks he takes with some of his courses - play the 10AM game and get your golden ticket to a food rollercoaster.
I love this place. I've now officially been for both Lunch & Dinner and both have been out of this world.  Each dish has so many complex parts and is so flavorful it keeps you wanting more. Their wine pairings are also great, and so is the service. If willing to splurge, this is definitely the place to treat yourself. I'd go back for the Dinner since I liked it a little better but either one is worth it!
I wanted to like Momofuku Ko, I really did. I think I was lured in by the hype and the coveted reservations that are so elusive, and it blinded me, temporarily. I love fine dining, and have eaten at some pretty spectacular places including Le Bernardin.  I consider myself, even with my gluten allergy, pretty open to new things, which is why I went to Momofuku after scoring a res I had been trying to get for months.   The place is small, it seats exactly 12 people and is probably about 12 feet wide, with 11 feet being occupied by bar, cook space and aloof/douchey chefs.   The first thing that appeared before us when we sat down, was the wine list.  I looked it over and was shocked to see that the cheapest glass of white was $18, never mind the fact that the cheapest bottle was well in the $50 range.  Here's the kicker, a HALF-bottle of Joliet Sancerre at Momofuku was $38.  Mama loves her Sancerre and I know for a fact that a full bottle of the SAME thing is only $15.  QUITE the markup if you ask me for a white that is meh at best.   I'm not cheap when it comes out eating out, and I'm more than happy to pay for good booze, but I don't like when restaurants think they can pull the wool over people's eyes.  Which is the sense that I got here.   The food was ok, but for the cost, I really expected to be floored.  Only two dishes really stood out to me, from the 8 or 9 we ate.  That's a sad equation when you do the math.  A meal at Le Bernardin, not only allows me to choose what I want to eat, but is also cheaper and it's 3 Michelin stars, and their wine list is awesome.   What do I think of Momofuku?  I think that David is a very smart business person capitalizing on the exclusive/fine dining craze that never seems to go out of style in NY.  He sure suckered $200 out of me, that I could have spent on dinners at other places I would have actually enjoyed more.   The one good thing I will say for them, they do accommodate diners with allergies.  The really bad thing?  I got HORRIBLE food poisoning after eating here.  -_- My takeaway, save your money and go to one of the other Michelin restaurants.  Don't get snowed by the Momofuku hype. Or, even better, go eat two or three dinners at any one of the excellent other restaurants in the city.  You'll be more comfortable, will have the luxury of picking what you want to eat, and will save money all in one fell swoop.   Oh, and the faint of heart, stay away completely.  Unless you love all kinds of food, including foie gras, this is NOT the place for you.
Didn't get off to a great impression. Had to wait. This is a noodle shop. Sure it's not huge, but Noodle shops aren't usually packed! I said I'd go here, so I waited with my friend. I got the Momofuku Ramen. I thought it was a bit too salty and the noodles were meh. After a couple of months in London with all the semi-fast noodle shops all over I was really looking forward to some goooood ramen. No dice. It was kinda pricey, though not aweful. I was hoping for smaller portions of Saki so I could get some, but I wasn't about to shell out 50$ for a big bottle. Plenty of other noodle places within the vicinity to go to and I will have to make my way to all of them cuz I wants me some good ramen!
ok, maybe mr fishy, is a little cheap, but it's hard not to feel sticker shock when your bill comes to almost four hundred dollars for two people. and with that kind of price comes a certain expectation that ko just didn't meet. maybe it's because we had recently eaten at 11 madison park and so had an experience of true fine dining, well crafted food and immaculate service. i'm not saying ko was bad, but that it didn't have the sophistication we had hoped for. the beef and foie gras were fantastic, but other dishes had combinations that just didn't work. do octopus and sausage really go together? and while the space is intimate and you get to watch and interact with the chefs, it's not particularly comfortable. i'd stick with the other restaurants in the david chang empire.
I am in love. Shaved foie gras, venison tartare, soft boiled egg and caviar, the list goes on. Half way through, I had already declared Ko the victor over my recent trip to Jean Georges. The atmosphere was laid back and the opposite of stuffy. The music was awesome. The chef's were fun to talk to and it seemed as if they had become immune to how amazing the food they were preparing truly was. I asked one what he liked to cook at home, and he responded with, take out noodles or fried chicken. I would definitely recommend, if you feel like splurging, getting the drink pairing with the meal. Everything was thoughtfully selected and really complimented each bite. I will be dreaming of this restaurant for a long time.
Pretty frakking amazing.  That about sums it up. The restaurant is super intimate, i.e. super tiny.  There are no tables, just a bar with stools, which means you watch the chefs prep your food.  (Bonus points for the hooks under the bar for your purse/murse - anything bigger must be checked at the door for space reasons).  For dinner, you should expect to set aside at least 2 hours. Because we were dining so late (10 PM), we opted to skip the booze and stick to sparkling water, which was reasonably priced at $6 per bottle. I can honestly say that every course was delicious.  The flavors hit you with an intensity and brightness that I've only experienced at a few other exceptional restaurants.  My favorite dish, hands down, was the shaved foie gras with Riesling gelee, lychee, and pine nut brittle - it was all of my favorite things in one dish.  Other top picks were the  deep fried short rib (which literally melted in your mouth), soft boiled egg with caviar, and the sweetbreads.  My least favorite dish was the raw scallop - but ONLY because it had a really strong celery flavor, and I hate celery.  The scallop itself was fresh and light.  Although they do not offer a vegetarian menu, they did ask if we had any allergies that needed to be accommodated, and even graciously omitted the black olive powder from the beef carpaccio dish for my dining companion who shall remain nameless - even though I sucked it up and ate the celery scallop... The only negative thing I can say about this experience was the slightly awkward service - because the space is so cramped, and you're constantly served course, there is always someone hovering behind you to clear away your (licked clean) plate.  This means there's not a lot of elbow room, either. Total cost of the meal was over $300 - but definitely money well spent.  Still dreaming of that foie gras dish...
If all you care about is food, this place is one of the best.  I have been here four times.  The best meal of my life is their lunch. No need to go into details as it is well covered on  this review page.  The place is not about ambiance or even service, just about the food.  And the food is as good as Daniel or PerSe.  It is amazing what David Cheng (sp?) has created from a little local noodle bar.  And another great thing, you dont't have to be anybody to get a reservation,  its a web only systme so its equall chance for everybody.
This place has some of the most creative ideas, and some of the friendliest staff and chefs in NYC.  Definitely an enjoyable experience when I visited for lunch.   Here is a rundown of the 25 courses I had: Green tea starter, raw oyster with spicy scallion salad, smoked sturgeon with green apple, roasted turnip wrapped in lardo, pomme souflee filled with ranch dressing, scallop roll with scallion and chili oil, mackerel, fluke with toasted brussel sprouts, chestnut miso, trout with thinly sliced beets, shrimp in a consume broth, thinly sliced octopus, venison tartare with pistachio shavings, puffed egg in broth, bento box (consisting of broth, a grilled rice roll topped with fried sardine, and the 48 hour short rib), orrechio pasta with ham, grilled branzino with broth, rack of lamb with pearl onion and potato puree, the famous shaved foie gras with lychee and pine nuts topped with riesling jelly, banana donut with maple ice cream wintergreen ice cream with chocolate cookie crumble, and finally a rice cream cone. The meal was absolutely amazing.  The best dishes were the foie gras, 48 hr short rib, sliced octopus, and the puffed egg.  These were the standouts in my mind, however, there wasn't a single item that was bad. The chefs were extremely friendly, the hostess was very nice.  Overall, this was an exceptional experience and everyone should try this tasting.
Momofo, You Screwed Me Bro! What an awful experience - for $180/person you get 10 mediocre items, 1 glass of bad wine, and horrible ambiance. Read on facts, not hype, if you don't believe the summary Food - "salty", "buttery", "pretentious" the words our groups to describe each meal - out of 10 items, maybe couple were decent but not great and the rest is just not tasty, supposedly hot dishes were barely warm - cooks (they are not chefs - read "ambiance" section) throw in so much salt, oil, butter and create so much confusing ornaments that most of the time we had no idea what we were eating if not for pronouncements before each meal - their signature meal was supposed to be an egg with caviar; if you never had caviar in your life, you might be impressed, for the rest of us it was a tasteless rip-off Ambiance - middle of nowhere (no offense to people who live in that area) - I was 5 min earlier than others in our party, but they wouldn't let me sit on empty chair 1 step away - despite that there is a cancellation penalty, all seats are pre-reserved, and I am going to be eating anyway - place is freezing, don't check in your coats - they play loud rock music, so you have to speak in a full voice to hear your neighbor (don't know about you, but if I hear loud rock, I want my beer and wings, if I pay $180 for Momosmthing - I expect a zen-like environment) - cooks kept alternating 2 looks on their faces: 1) "I was just told that my salary was cut, so I hate working here", 2) "You such a moron for coming here, let me turn up the volume on my favorite rock band" - cooks don't wear gloves and use same hands touching everything, w/o washing, to prepare fish, meat and dessert meals, as a result every meal smells like fish - you are supposed to sit 2+ hours on a bar stool. We are all in top shape but with no chair support and plus cold wind, our backs were hurting bad afterwards, so make sure you budget another $200 for spa treatments to recover But let's say you don't care about my review and don't mind wasting $180 as long as you can imply to others how loaded you are; at least a) don't bring the date here - she will be sleepy from fat and oil and tired from bad seating and freeze; b) don't invite friends unless you are willing to pay for them as well. Just think through how many amazing restaurants are on our lovely island where you can spend $180 and get so much more in return. Don't repeat our mistake.
This review is for the fried chicken lunch.  We had pork buns as an appetizer. These are made with pork belly so they're not your average bao. Rich and delicious as you would expect. (Can't really go wrong with pork belly, can you?) To drink we had soju slushies in Flor de Jaimaica and Lychee. Perfect for a hot day and goes down very easy. The Fried Chicken: We were 6 but we could have easily been 8 or maybe even 10. The waiter told us to expect the equivalent of two and a quarter whole chickens. But the pieces were HUGE. What we were presented with was a small mountain of fried chicken and we had a huge amount of chicken left over. The Korean fried chicken was our favorite but the Old Bay chicken was beautifully done too. Service: I was expecting pretentious, but what we got was friendly, relaxed and helpful. I arranged this lunch for me and 5 other visitors to NYC, and it was a great way to spend a vacation afternoon.
For a second opinion on this fabulous restaurant, check out the review by my good friend and dining compatriot Alexander T. A few years ago he and I began a tradition wherein we would take each other out for a memorable meal every holiday season. We started at Perilla in 2007. Next was Jean Georges in 2008, followed by Le Bernardin in 2009, and finally on to to the epic lunch at Momofuku Ko in 2010. I can safely say that this was by far the most creative and memorable of the four meals. I'll start by saying that I completely agree with Alex's point regarding giving the place a bad review simply because you couldn't get a reservation. As he points out in his review, it is an extraordinarily popular 12 seat restaurant. However they by no means play favorites with their online reservation policy. Frankly, I logged on at exactly 10:00 AM and I got the exact reservation I wanted on the very first try. The restaurant itself is quite spartan. As Alex remarked during our meal, the space could just as easily been a laundromat. Instead it was made into a 2 Michelin Star restaurant. The pace of the meal was maintained mainly by the chef directly in front of us who did the majority of serving, especially on the earlier dishes. This dude was a serious rock star and really made the afternoon, entertaining us with tales of his experience at Chicago restaurant Schwa and chatting us up about Star Wars. The food was spectacular. And it was funny. It was creative. It was delicate. It was absolutely amazing. For me to describe it wouldn't really do it justice, so I will simply advise that you set aside the time and money to allow yourself to be entertained for 3+ hours at this place. We especially enjoyed that the beverage pairings were not limited to just wine, but also included some choice sake and beer. I will mention two things that bothered me - to be clear, this is nitpicking and I still otherwise give Ko my utmost recommendation. There was very little contrast in temperature throughout the meal. There were a few things that were cold. Nearly everything else was "warm". Not hot, but warm. We watched our chef pouring over a pot of meatballs for a solid 45 minutes before they were finally served. When they were, no matter how insanely delicious they tasted, I couldn't help but think "boy all that and the meatballs are barely more than room temperature". The same went for the three broths we were served at various points. I really just wished they had been hot, or at least more purposely varied in temperature. This is really a personal thing, and I can understand that this is one of the very reasons people want to come to Ko. However at times the fact that I was watching the chefs prepare everything was a bit off-putting to me. I don't mean it turned me off or anything like that, but...well I guess it felt like a bit of the magic was taken out of the food by seeing it in its humblest forms being taken out of Tupperware. I noticed there was very little actual cooking going on - everything was simply prepared ahead of time and most things were either warmed up or plated, but for the most part it was never really cooked. I suppose the reverse of this is that toward the end of the meal we did get to see the chefs being working on the prep for the dinner service, so maybe in a sense it came full circle. Overall, Momofuku Ko goes down as probably the most interesting meal I've ever eaten. Between the setting, the chefs, and the food, I would absolutely advise that you give Ko the utmost priority in your restaurant travels.
Came here for the dinner tasting menu on memorial day for the boyfriend's birthday. The online reservation system was pretty easy to use. You just have to be diligent, have a reservation time in mind, and get on before 10am, refresh a couple times, pick the time slot and enter your credit card info. The ambience of the place is quite casual and low-key, which is great. I love great food but sometimes it can be a little much to doll up just to go eat at some michelin 2 stars. The best part of the experience was watching the chefs prep food. We get to ask questions, and the chefs were quite happy to explain things. I was so excited to watch him repeatedly scoop out the perfectly shaped sorbet, squeeze out the perfectly shaped meringue, see how he aerate the soup, SHAVE THAT FOIE GRAS!!!, or garnish using oversized tweezers. The dishes were very creative and inspiring. I've never quite had those combination of foods and sauces before, or food in that form, or that kind of food at all (fiddlehead fern? didn't know ferns are edible lol). I'm glad i didn't read too many yelp reviews so I didn't go in knowing the ins and outs of most dishes. Part of the fun of a tasting menu is to trust in your chef and have an open mind about whats to come. The two dishes they have permanently on the menu were really really really delicious. It was an expensive meal but it was well worth it. Overall a really fun and delicious experience. Would love to go back to try their lunch tasting!
absolutely everything about my time here last night was AMAZING. The food, the Chefs, the waitors..everything was awesome. The staff took the time to answer all our questions and explained every dish beautifully!  Every dish was my favorite...i couldnt decide which i like best! We had everything from soft boiled hens egg, housemade cavetelli with beef tongue, uni / pork sausage soup...freakin glorious.
Right before I was about to go to Ko I heard that they serve men one thing and women another. I was really freaked out I would not get some short ribs because I had lady parts.  Now that I have been there twice I can say that this is not entirely true. If you go as a two-top one person will recieve one dish for certain courses (hamachi or scallops vs. fluke, pea soup vs. pork belly and oyster with kimchi consomme, chicken vs. short ribs, this crazy awesome japanese custard thing with asparagus on top vs. egg with caviar and potato chips).  If you return, in order to mix it up, they will switch it around.  This was really great because it created different tasting experiences. The whole gender thing just happens because most people dining are on a hetero date with a man and a woman and thats how it gets split. Also, I think that the snails and mushroom with the dried broccoli rabe flowers on top and whipped marscapone stuff is one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten.  It feels like you are just taking a big bite of mother earth. yum!  And really everything I ate at Ko was so perfectly delicious. I will say this: both times I went to Ko I went home in a food coma.  I eat.  I mean I really eat.  A lot.  And Ko kicked my ass.  Each time I had to have a dish taken away with tasty morsels left because I was too full to eat another bite I cried a little inside, but there is a serious amount of food given here.  I actually think it is a bit too much.   I also just like how intimate it is.  I like watching the chefs plate and cook and time the meals as if there was no one watching. I like strolling down the block and walking in to the place in jeans and seeing a pretty laid back crowd. I like bopping my head to the good tunes.  The front of the house makes you feel totally welcome.  Maya is super nice and chats it up with everyone.   You have to try Ko.  Its so fun and adventurous and a good value and a really great way to spend an evening.  Keep on trying with the reservations.  I cried everyday for a month at 10:00:05am staring at red X after red X, but I finally made it (twice!!!), so keep on trying. Keep on checking for cancellations throughout the day because that is when I got the first reservation. And you know what, David Chang you rock for not favoring anyone with this reservation system (except those with mouses and fast internet).  I am a foodie but don't get to eat out that much because of costs and such, so thanks David Chang for putting an extraordinary dining experience within my reach.  I loved it!
Getting the reservation is the hardest part but completely worth the effort. Dubya and I had been trying for months before he serendipitously lucked out last week. We made a pact that if either of us 'made it' we'd bring the other. Those who know me know I'm not a huge fan of seafood. I like to blame my mother for serving me lots of ugly looking fish when I was a kid and saying, 'eat it, it's brain food!' But by now I think it's just a personal vendetta of Barb vs. edible sea creatures. Honestly I just don't think I like the texture and taste. Ah mom, what else can I blame you for? HOWEVER, I was paying $100 for a chef's tasting menu and you better believe I ate every last bit of everything short of the plate(s) and wooden chopsticks. Anyway Dubya pointed out to me that this was going to be a once in a blue moon kinda thing so we should just go all out and get the drink pairing as well. I said, 'what the hell?' I'm in for $100 why not $150? It would have otherwise gone to a pair of jeans i would've eventually 'outgrown,' instead i splurged on a meal that would surely help me outgrow all my clothes. You can choose to spend either $50, $85, or $100 on the pairings and I can say the $50 was WELL worth it. Drinks ranged from sake to beer to a white wine made in the style of a red out of sauvignon blanc grapes. I NEED to find out the label of that one. I'm not writing to give a detailed review of each course. I actually don't even know how many there were, speculation leads to a number between 10-12. My favorite dishes were the deep fried short ribs, the last dessert course which involved corn flakes, milk and something that tasted like Toblerone (the chocolate of my fatty mcfatty fat childhood), the dish containing split pea soup and items from the great states of Georgia and Louisiana, and the poached egg situation. I was obviously NOT taking copious notes about my food like the dude on my left who I bet was a food blogger/writer of some sort. He was definitely trying to sweet talk the lone lady chef into divulging details she probably didn't care to divulge. The whole experience was spectacular. I was transfixed watching the 3 chefs meticulously assemble each dish in front of me while the 'two hot women' (Dubya's words, not mine) hustled behind us to bus the dishes, serve and explain each drink, and be generally pleasant. I think the staff were engineered to say, 'good luck,' to anyone who discussed the 'next time' they get a reservation there because I heard it more than once from 2/6 staff present. haha. not in a mocking way, just simply 'good luck.' In any case, the food was delicious, all of it. I even liked the halibut, the crawfish in the pea soup, supposedly there was some foie gras in one dish but the lychees masked all that flavor for me, the fluke now seems unmemorable compared to my favorites but i'd be hard-pressed to come up with one dish I didn't like. I even liked the butter knives that had contrasting angled handles so that they rested on the cutting edge of the blade. How cool? My one disappointment? Espresso out of a pod! Everything was so painstakingly prepared and to end with espresso from a pod? Boo. I kid. I have a pod espresso doohickey at home and it makes very tasty coffee for lazy people. I've realized lately how 'into' food i've become in the last two years but why not? Good food is one of the great pleasures of life and it's harder to come by than you think, especially if you've had great meals like this...everything else just pales in comparison. How many fond memories do you have that are attached to a meal? Plus, you're putting it into your body why not make sure it's the good stuff?
I went with my lady for a birthday celebration. We had the last seating of the first round of seatings. I think this was our downfall. The chefs wanted to go on break, so there was a relentless onslaught of food coming our way. We were rushed through our meal, and were stuffed to the brim sue to that fact. Our last dish was served to us within 85 minutes of sitting down. The food was amazing though!!!!
This is as good as it gets, without the pretense or associated costs.  Ko is an elegant but barebones restaurant where the focus is squarely on the food and how it's prepared, so your money is not going towards astronomical rent in the Time Warner Center, live music (the staff's iPod playlists favor Metallica over Mozart), or a team of waiters for each table.  Everything about this place is streamlined to maximize your enjoyment of food.  You'll eat some fabulous concoctions, not to be found anywhere else.  Frozen and grated foie gras comes to mind. The backless seats along the kitchen bar provide you with a close-up view of your chef's handywork.  Chat with them as they make your food and serve it.  Their food preparation is like clockwork, so you may find their answers brief; don't mistake that for coldness, they're just really busy. Clocking in at 3 hours and at 15+ courses (don't recall the number exactly, but it varies), the lunch was absolutely phenomenal but in my opinion overkill.  You'll feel perfectly satisfied as you walk out, but food coma will set in very shortly thereafter.  I recommend dinner, which is 2 hours long and still includes their signature dishes.  More importantly, you'll continue to be able to function afterwards!  That is, unless you get the alcohol pairings :-D  They have some great sakes and wines here, so if you know what you want, get it.  If you're feeling adventurous, get the pairing.  When all is said and done, it will probably come out to about the same cost. Reservations are hard to come by, and required, so good luck.  If your dates and times are flexible, you might try signing on periodically in the middle of the day just in case anybody has cancelled a reservation.  Most people sign on in the mornings when the reservation system opens -- there are fewer people checking in the middle of the day, around which time I've seen reservation slots remain open for about 10 minutes before being taken. I'm not sure if they've changed their policy, but the last couple times I was there, no photos were allowed so as not to disturb other diners (it is a very small space, after all).  Just be aware that you may be asked to put away your camera, which can be a bit embarassing when everybody in the restaurant can hear. In the unlikely event that you're still hungry afterwards, Veniero's is right around the corner, and open late!
Ok. I'm going to break the proverbial fourth wall (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fo…) and directly address yelp community - 89 Five Stars???? are you kidding me?  Five stars to me equats to perfection or close to perfection.  WoW.  Makes me want to second guess the power of community ratings (yelp).  Really? 5 stars? Really? Here's my honest opinion: this is my first 1 star review.  I would give it 2 stars, but $125/person pre fix for dinner knocks down my rating.  I have no grips about the reservation system.  Or the service. or decor. I'm all about THE FOOD.  and the food, yeah.. umm The food reminds me of how I cooked with my friends in college. You take whatever is in your kitchen cabinet, throw it into a pot together, and believe it tastes amazing.   Except, at Ko, instead of instant ramen+spam+kimchi, you have upgraded ingredients, like truffles, soft shell crabs or foie gras, and make wierd combinations, which honestly would have tasted better in separate dishes.     Out of the 8+ dishes, I only liked one alot, the short ribs dish - and i was so tempted to tell the chef - nooo don't trim the fat, don't trim it to look pretty. I'd rather eat it the way it is. So in conclusion: considering how much I like Momofuku Ssam, Ko was a huge letdown.
*2 star for a high end* okay so I guess i'm weird but i was NOT super pleased with this meal. usually when i come out of a chefs set course restaurant, i leave with a couple of memorable dishes that when i think back to it i can still taste it and crave for it again. not so much this place. first off getting reserves to this place is ridiculous, since i'm not in the NY area, i had to practice (haha yes i practiced) on getting reservations. everyday around 9:57 am i would log into momofuku.com and start refreshing every couple of second until it was 9:59.50 then i would refresh hysterically. I got a hang of where all the drop down menus where and where to click, so when the time actually came around i was prepared to click away and make my reserves (this part was actually fun). basically if you don't get the spot within the first 5-10 seconds after 10am, you will not be getting the reservation. The decor is very clean cut and modern. it was pretty cool because the setting is very small there is only a "bar type" area for the sitting so it feel very personal with the chefs, and it doesn't get loud so you can enjoy and quite and nice dinner. the hostess was very nice through out the whole dinner. However the Chefs were okay, some seemed to cough a slight attitude when people tried to converse with them. okay so now for the food. i was quite disappointed by most of the dishes.. for those who know me, I am up for trying anything and i love eating almost anything (i have eaten snake, turtle, bulls ball, rooster balls, deer p3n15, like you name it i will try it..) but some of this stuff that they made just didn't mesh well together. Also, the seasoning i thought was weird, for a person we loves super salty foods, i thought some of the dishes were over salted.. yes I THOUGHT IT WAS TOO SALTY.. anyways here is the break down to the 13 course Dinner (pardon my spelling): 1.Grilled Shashido/Fresh Tofu/Marinated Purple cabbage 2.Potato Crusted Razor Clam/ Ozoo sauce 3.Black Pepper with Beer and Wine Bisquit/ Fried Pork Skin 4.Sliced Long Island Fluke/White Soy-Poppy Seed-buttermilk 5.Raw Daikon Oxtail wonton/Raw Daikon onion puree wonton/oxtail broth 6.Smoked Poached egg/camel back caviar/caramelized onion/mini potato chip 7.Mazutaki mushroom ravioli/coriander and toasted buck wheat 8.mazutaki tea/french toast 9.monk fish/ santa barbara uni/spicy shell fish stew with fennel 10.shaved fois gras/lychee/resling jelly 11.venison/celery root espresso cream/brussels sprout 12.spiced white win sorbet/asian pear/alder flower 13.Goat and ricotta cheesecake/fall squash ice cream/cranberries so overall the biscuit was to die for.. i would have been happy if all they served was the biscuit for all 13 courses -____-". The monk fish, venison, and the 2 deserts were all decent dishes. The mazutaki tea was a savory tea.. i had to drink it like a shooter.. something about savory tea did not go well with me.. as much as i love fois gras and appreciate the sick amount they provided me, it did NOT work well with the jelly but was okay when i got a bite of the lychee. Again for the price i paid, i would have liked better tasting dishes, the dishes were most def creative but i don't think all the flavors were quite there or meshed well together at all, but then again who am i to judge, they are the chefs, not me.. -___-" oh also, they wouldn't let me take pictures.. sad. :'(
I don't usually review a great restaurant until I have eaten their at least 4-5 times, but I will break my rule for this instance - I do not foresee myself coming back to KO for another 6 months. I had the pleasure and luck of eating there both for lunch and dinner in the past year, but I have to admit the Lunch was mind-blowing compared to the dinner. For one, it is a harder reservation to get, it is more exclusive (one seating a day on fri/sat/sun), and much more expensive. During lunch, the chefs were more "fresh" and entertaining as this was their first shift of the day. Was the food better at lunch than dinner? I think so. It was particularly more suited for my preferences and tastebuds :) That is not to say that the Ko dinner isn't spectacular! I will discuss the lunch briefly as I had it more recently. The 17 course pre-fix lunch runs the span of 3+ hours! At close to $300 a person (tax, tips, drinks included), this Momofuku Ko dining experience is considered by many critics as one of the best meals (if not the best) you can have in New York hands down. (Pardon the passive tense) The service was impeccable, music was soothing, food was excellent (met my expectations), and most importantly, the experience of engrossing yourself in the chefs' explanation and preparation of each of my dishes was MONEY, quite literally (surely, this is where the $$ goes). Having said that, this is not a place I would routinely go to even if I could afford to do so. In particular, you can never be certain how much of the menu they change up every season. To maintain the highest quality control, I would guess most of the dishes retain on the menu - I want to try new things. If I can be sure that the menu is 90% different the next time, I would go again...soon. Ultimately, this is worth a try at least once, IF you can get a reservation :0 I had a blast and it was definitely my best meal I've had. David Chang dynasty; James Beard best new restaurant; one of the hardest reservations in NY (Lunch) to secure; 2 Michelin Stars; some of the most unorthodox, exotic and creative (if you will) combinations of ingredients; the prize of being to brag about it for the rest of your life... are among some of the perks of why you should eat here. Go with someone you enjoy eating and conversing with (this is important) and the 3 hours won't feel slow (have some house recommended Sake too - it keeps your appetite running like a fast machine with a clean motor). This is a cultural, and soulful culinary experience, and clearly you are not just paying for the food! The BEST part is, KO is an extremely chilled out pad. I strolled right in with a Tshirt, a pair of jeans, and loafers for a $300 lunch. For this only, I would bump it to 3 Michelin Stars. Love it. You get a present at the end of the meal in honor of your persistent to secure a reservation online. Thanks Co-worker. I will save you the mysterious details of my dining experience and let you try for yourself. Part of the KO Experience, is to not know what dish to expect next and to keep on guessing!! Anticipation is the catalyst of your insatiable and curious appetite. I have to say though, that a simple EGG dish was my favorite dish, and absolutely out of this world. How do I just go back for that? For y'all foodies, come on out and play with the fire.
I was expecting what I paid for which was $400 for lunch.  It was far from my expectations.   There were more than 10 small dishes, like Japanese kaiseki style. The presentation was nice but the food quality was poor I thought, I can make them at home better....what i didn't like was the chef. There were four chef cooking at sushi bar and they all looked apprentice! I talked one of the chef, he comes from Denmark and is here for six months training.  It's ok if I was paying much less but $400 course? I don't think so.
pretty good place - different kinda food
So good I'm writing my 1st ever review!!!  3 main topics: 1) Understated and Relaxed FANCY restaurant = refreshing! 2) Casual, friendly, relaxed yet extremely knowledgeable staff = refreshing! 3) Food and Drink! State of the art.... Foie gras was the foodie highlight of my life to date! Felt like eating velvet ( not that I know what that's like but u get it!!!) do the pairing for the optimal experience!
Let's start by saying getting a reservation here is no easy task. It's only available at 10 am sharp and you have to do it online. There is no phone number. I gave up after a few tries, but then when I randomly re-visited the site one day, I found that someone had canceled their 10pm resy, so I snatched it up. You only have a few minutes to enter in all of your information, including phone number and credit card info (and yes, there is literally a countdown clock ticking away in the corner), so make sure you are fast or they will give your reservation away to the next lucky son-of-a-gun. The food here is really good. And given the fact that you worked so damn hard to get the reservation makes it a little more special. You feel special here. There are only a dozen or so seats, and you kind of feel like a celebrity. They stuff you with a dozen courses or so, all takes on asian-fusion type dishes. Some are only little canapes that are served on a porcelain spoon. Everything was delicious, and we enjoyed the wittiness of some of the courses, like the take on Matzo Ball Soup (a NYC favorite), and we surprisingly loved the goatcheese dessert. The Shaved Foie Gras was a standout - a pile of snowy soft flakes of foie gras that was like biting into cold, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness, juxtaposed nicely with the sweet lychees and crunchiness of the nut brittle. Here is what we had: 1. Chiccarones (fried pork skins) with black pepper biscuit with mirin glaze 2. Toro tartare with scallions 3. Warm Oyster 4. Spanish mackerel sashimi with yuzu & masago crackers 5. Duo of mini raviolis: oxtail and caramelized onion, with consommé 6. Diver sea scallop sashimi with white soy sauce, warm buttermilk, poppy seeds, chives, chervil, & spicy radish microgreens 7. Slow poached egg with sweet potato vinegar, fingerling potato chips, onion soubise, & hackleback caviar 8. "Matzo Ball Soup" with escargots, black truffle, herb oil, & crudite of carrot and celery 9. Braised lamb neck 10. Shaved foie gras with lychee & pine nut brittle 11. Skate with almond milk, almond foam, fresh water chestnuts, olives, & charred cauliflower 12. Honey glazed pan seared duck breast with braised mustard greens, baby turnips & pumpernickel 13. Spiced white wine sorbet with asian pear & ginger 14. Goat cheese & ricotta "cheesecake" with squash icecream, pumpkin oil, & praline dust
one of the best food experiences of my life!  it's all about the food.  i wish i had a photographic memory to remember all the courses.  highlights for me were a grilled lamb dish with a cucumber 'cake' and the lamb broth.  the portions were small but just right to be able to eat everything - i was completely stuffed by the end.  i am sensitive to being rushed when dining and didn't feel rushed at all (but i also had a late reservation).  the chefs were straightforward about what they were serving and all business (not in a bad way).  i am so happy to have had the experience of dining here.
Good, not great.  Definitely not worth the hassle to get a reservation.  The food was fairly inventive and tasty, but the cooks were less than friendly, and how good can service be when you're sitting on bar stools.   I would have given the food 4, but with the hassle of the reservation system, price and lack of ambiance, I'll go with 3 stars.
There are some meals that are great because there's a particular dish that completely blows you away. There are some meals that are great because it was a wonderful experience overall. And then there are some meals like Momofuku Ko that are both, that leaves you thinking, yes, places like this are the reason I'm fat and broke. Our dinner consisted of two amuse bouche and ten courses. There was only one thing that I didn't like, a goat cheese dessert, and that's only because I hate goat cheese. Everything was either great or exceptional. The famous shaved foie gras was truly amazing. AMAZING. My friend took one bite and was like, "wow, this is mind-blowing." How does anyone even think of combining all these different flavors and how does everything taste SO good together?! It's not cheap, but it's totally worth it. I finished this meal feeling SO happy, and that's how good food is supposed to make you feel. I'll definitely be back for lunch, even if that means I'll continue to be fat and broke.
the kimchi ramen is good but the space is so small and the wait is always so long.  get the baby bok choy, it was flavorful and reminded me of my favorite dish as a kid.
Went here for lunch with the beverage pairing, for our first time. Great start with the lightly smoked ginger cocktail and exceptional well balanced appetizers. What I remember the most was the minimalistic but flavorful English egg & cheese muffin. Out of the 16 courses in total, only two of them didn't make it to the higher level. The undercooked duck breast, and the puffed egg. But the rest of them had distinct flavors, innovative and cool presentation. Also worth mentioning is the spectacular beverage pairing, those were professionally handpicked. And the pasta orecchiette with broccoli and black truffles was totally awesome. I really liked the interior and the close seating to the kitchen. We had the entire view of the chefs working from the beginning to the end of our meal. A true pleasure to see the smooth and detailed action. One of my best dining experience for a long time. Looking forward to come back in the near future and try the dinner menu!
Momofuku Ko is one of chef David Chang's four genius creations and THE hardest to get a reservation for. Getting a reservation requires strenuous mouse-clicking efforts thanks to their stringent reservation system. Reservations are accepted only for parties of 1, 2 or 4, taken exactly a week prior to dinner, starts at 10AM and all the seats are normally gone within the first five minutes. Thank God the fiance's body clock is that of Eastern time. Always up at 6AM PST to watch the NYSE opens, he was able to get a reservation for both of us in one try, clicking furiously on the 'reservation' button until it gave in and allowed him to choose a time slot. All before I was even out of bed. Within the first five seconds of stepping into the place, I finally understood why. There is one long bar with only twelve stools, facing the open kitchen where three chefs are working to prepare the 12-course meal (including not just one, but two desserts). Dinner takes no less than 2 hours, lunch takes 3. The only menu presented was the beverage menu. No non-alcoholic beverage was found anywhere in the menu stuck on a Moleskine notebook. We decided to go with the wine pairing (additional $95). Soon after tasty, beautifully presented dishes started appearing. They are:   1. Morsel of beef tongue served with basil horseradish and cherry tomato   2. A slice of duck heart, breaded and deep-fried, served with maple syrup mixed with japanese chili paste (for the nice kick)   3. Southern style house-made biscuit with black pepper butter and mirin, plus a crunchy deep-fried Chicharrone with togarashi   4. Freshwater scallop, Virginia hamm, pineapple vinegar and freshwater chestnut   5. Chilled dashi soup, St Barbara uni (which I skipped - thank you very much), charred pea tendrils, snap peas and cucumber   6. Soft boiled hen egg, caviar and fingerling potato chips   7. Sweet corn ravioli, chorizo, pickled tomato and tortilla cheese   8. Shaved foie gras over lychee, peanut brittle and resin wine jelly   9. Deep fried beef short rib with onion  10. Homemade animal cracker ice-cream with peach soda  11. Olive oil and creme fraiche ice-cream, macerated blueberry, black pepper crunch and ganache Very very interesting, yet unorthodox, combination. It was by far the best wet dream a foodie hedonist could ever ask for. Whoever thought an outrageous combination of sweet and savory of shaved foie gras and lychee, or olive oil ice-cream with blueberry, or maple syrup and japanese chili paste could be oh so appealing? I was 'done' by course #8 and would have been happy to have that as a dessert, but nobody likes a quitter. So we 'toughed it out' (which is surprisingly hard to do) and saw ourselves through the last dessert dish. Being a beancounter, I quickly did the math in my head. Each week, they open 7 days a for dinner and 3 days for lunch. Each day they have 3 sessions of dinner or lunch, and at $100 and $160, respectively, the week's taking is $42k, assuming that they have a full booking (which is a fair assumption). While it didn't seem so bad, the chef-to-guests ratio of 1 to 4 and the East Village locations mean that their overheads must be high too. So... labor of love? By far the most amazing culinary experience - not even Tetsuya in Sydney, Australia could pull off something mindblowing like this. Either that, or my tastebuds five years ago were not as developed and sophisticated as they are today. Another interesting observation: the most unlikely sight of stacks and stacks of culinary books were found in the restroom. On top of the toilet, there was a wide array of hard cover books of celebrity chefs (Tetsuya Wakuda, Alain Ducasse, Joel Robuchon, Daniel Boulud, and the likes), books of dishes (whoever thought someone could write a book about kimchi, or dashi?), and other food-related topics. Because, maybe, all you want to read when you're on the toilet is a book on the subject of meat.
Stop 1 of my food tour of NY. The Super fatty Berkshire Pork Buns that just oozed of taste is worth coming here for.  My sister and I shared a single ordered and literally when i bit into my share, i wanted to grab my sister's portion before she could eat it.  I was on some sort of Pork Fat high.  These were served Peking Duck style, and very tasty. We also got an order of ramen, which was good, but utterly typical with no sense of zing which i've come to expect from my NY eats.  I'm not sure how to make a rational judgment when it comes to noodle joints in NY, but it doesn't match up with the down and dirty ones in LA.
It's been a little while since I went here so I don't remember all the details of my meal here, but I do remember enjoying it.  Other than tasting some of my brother's soup (which I vaguely remember), I did not really try the ramen so I cannot really say whether it lives up to expectations or not (although one thing is for sure, it's not authentic because it's not meant to be, so judging it within that context is useless).  All the food that I do vividly remember was pretty impressive, though not impressive enough to cause a hard-on of the same concrete firmness that it seems to cause in countless others (which is quite unfortunate, as I would have gladly made it my favorite new dinner date destination).   The first dish that I remember was an appetizer special that consisted of cured hamachi, lemon confit and strawberries.  It was delicious but  I remember feeling that it was overpriced for the portion (I mean, it's hamachi, not toro for god's sake).  Sharing this was quite a tease.  My main entree was sauteed baby octopuses, although I forget what other elements there were to the dish, if any.  They were pretty tasty, though I wish there were more. The dish that really hit the nail on the head was an appetizer of veal sweetbreads that were dredged in wondra flour and deep fried until crispy and then served with some sort of Asian inspired dipping sauce.  I could of ate these for days.  They were like a version of chicken nuggets (obviously not made of chicken, although the meat is white and tender) made just for offal loving foodies.  They should start selling these everywhere, as simple as they are to make and with a neutral flavor that would match up with a wide variety of dipping sauces other than the one offered here.  Even if it is the thymus gland of a young cow, you'd have to be insane not to like these.  I'm sure even a small child would have no problem devouring them. One of the inconsistencies I find in reviews for this place is that some people (usually foodies that are big on fine dining) consider this place a great bargain because of the quality of ingredients and the fact that much of them are seasonal and/or local, while other people (usually the cheap eats crowd) tend to consider this place overpriced, often comparing the dishes to their conventional Asian counterparts regardless of any differences in ingredients, creativity, or presentation.  Personally, I think most of the prices are pretty reasonable with a few exceptions (such as the hamachi special I mentioned above).  David Chang (the owner) came up in places like Craft which focus on the quality of the ingredients, and any time you hear about him or anything he has to say, you can tell that this is important to him... so you have to take into consideration that this is just as much of a reason for the success of this place as the innovation (both in terms of food and restaurant format) is.  Many cuts of pork go for less than 2 bucks a pound in Asian markets and such.  Berkshire pork doesn't.
It's not traditional ramen but its still tastes pretty damn good. I find the broth a little too salty but the pork is very tasty and tender. The vegetables are very fresh - I'm not a huge fan of peas but they were the freshest I've ever had. The pork belly buns are really good too - fatty, tender, and flavorful pork wrapped in a Peking duck-style bun. Overall I give the experience a 3.5 - the service is brusque and sometimes rude.  No one smiles, and you're forced to watch them since its counter only. While we enjoyed watching some of the artful preparation, it was not pleasant to watch this guy yell at one of the cooks for being too slow.
momo ko was the only reservation i made before hitting the big apple this time around.   it delivered, but the 5th star isn't for the food.  it is for the outstanding service.  yep, some have claimed a certain sort of arctic inadequacy in service, however, i will courageously beg to differ.  the service blew me away. let me make my statement clear. reservations were made online a few weeks before the date of enjoyment with a note that of the 2 reserving 2 out of the 12 seats, one was a pescetarian.  i knew full well that they didn't accommodate any special food requests as it was dully noted on their website, however after examining their menus as other yelpers have appropriately scribed, i got the sense that 75% of the items will be fine for me to enjoy and the remaining 25% will be pawned off to my bf.   we got to m.ko 15 minutes before our reservation and right away were seated.  we chose the 2 seats at the end of the L-shaped bar so we can people watch the rest of the connoisseurs who also happened to have ventured out and snagged a sunday lunch time 3 hour seating.   what we learned: 2 of the 4 chefs who were mostly on our end is named Peter (from denmark) and Shawn, the one with glasses who never smiled. first question shawn asked was "any food allergies?"  i said no, but inferred that i only eat seafood and followed it up with making sure they knew i was much aware that there wasn't going to be any special accommodations necessary and that i went ahead and made the reservations with eyes wide open.   shawn said he'll do his best. this is where it gets bumped to 5 stars.   they accommodated my food constraints with EVERY dish and either removed the meat portion entirely, or substituted it for a seafood article.  WOW.  way to make me feel special and way to make me feel like the $175 a pop per head was totally worth it. bf and i were impressed.   now...there must be about 15 dishes which means come with your appetite or be prepared to walk out beyond stuffed.  about half way through, neither of us could finish the small dishes in its entirety so we began to pick what we wanted to eat from each dish and left the remainder.  i felt bad about that and summoned the server and apologized for our lack of stomach space.  i did not want them to think the food was awful and that's why we weren't eating it, but instead, i wanted them to know that we were probably just full from the sake.   unlike the other diners there yesterday, we didn't make notes of the dishes we had bc neither of us wanted the frantic scribbling to detract away from our experience.   i will say this...the last ice cream dish they served with the thai sticky rice on the bottom was out of this world.   this is a special occasion place - for me, it was a thank you to my bf for being the most amazing man in my life ever...but plan to spend.  we closed out at $700 and change (includes a bottle of fine fine fine ass sake), tip not included.  do the math, save up if you need to, but momofuku ko needs to be experienced.
Wonderful experience. It is expensive so do some mental prepartion weeks before so you have accepted the bill. Poached egg on caviar, potatoes and onions: One of the most amazing dish in the world. The textures, presentations, colors are to die for. It is creamy, tangy, crushy, and a little bit sweet. A life time memory Corn bread: The corn bread is great. Pork belly: really tasty. Shaved foie gras with peanut brittle and lychee: It is a good fluffy dish but why why would you shave Hudson valley foie gras. Seeing the chefs work in the kitchen is a delight. It is a ballet of knife slicing, choppings, pan searing, ladle swooping. It is technique, quality. A rare experience. It is sitting at a bar so the service is non existent. If I could go to MOMOFUKU KO every time I am in NY I would.
I love this place!  The baby octopus salad is very good here, but the wait sucks!  The Momofuku is wickedly delicious although a bit pricey at $14 dollars a bowl.  Don't go with a big group because you might not be able to sit together and the seats are counter-styled so they're not conducive to chatting or sharing.  Slurp it down and get out -- fantastic!!!
I don't know how I got so lucky in life, but one night I am sitting at my grandmother's eating dinner (homemade dumplings and soy sauce chicken) and I get a phone call from a friend I have not spoken to in 2+ years.  He had an extra spot of a last minute cancellation to Momofuku Ko and thought of me instantly due to all my facebook posts about food. I immediately stopped eating and joined him 1.5 hours later for an amazing foodie adventure. The courses are insane, I honestly can't remember all of them because my friend didn't think it was appropriate for me to sit and take photos of every dish.. but what I can say is - every dish is extremely creative.  Even the simplest of foams has amazing texture. They start off with a number of crudos so be ready for the raw fish and then it leads into meats and other seafoods.  Even as basic as a shot of cream soup blows your mind and is still remembered five dishes later. My personal favorite is the famous foie gras shaved peanut brittle with lychee..  and as a person who hates dessert (i know, crazy!) - i LOVEd the goat cheese sorbet. I feel very fortunate to have gotten the opportunity to go to Momofuku Ko - after years of complaining how overrated the David Chang franchise is - I will admit, I was wrong. The end.
I think I was in heaven!  My BF (god bless his existance) took me to Momofuku Ko for the long awaited birthday lunch on Sunday.  And it was well worth the wait, let me tell you.  The place was small...only 12 bar stools along the bar for seating, and felt very exclusive.  The kitchen staff was wonderful - and the interaction with them made it feel very intimate.  4 amuse bouches and 13 courses (including 4 dessert courses) later, I was in foodie heaven. Amuse Bouches: - Shigoku oyster with apple and konbu vinegarette (good - firm west coast oyster) - Steak tartar on brioche toast (melt in your mouth good) - Smoked trout tot with orange & olive puree (the best "fish stick" I've ever had) - Sweet potato mousse with sour cream and caviar (rich and creamy and oh so good) Entrees: - Crudo - 4 different kinds (madai, spanish mackerel, sea scallops, fluke) - Mushroom salad (I believe there was 5 different types of mushrooms in this) - Puffed egg in bacon and dashi soup (his take on bacon and eggs?) - Octopus with potato and pistashio puree (great texture) - Ko Bento - duck meatball, fish consomme, rice cake grilled with sea salt and duck fat, and mustard greens with sesame paste (the best greens i have ever had, and the duck meatballs were delish!) - Monkfish with uni with lobster broth (perfectly cooked!) - Orechiette with black truffles, broccoli cream and dehydrated ham (i could've had about 5 more plates of this....it was fabulously delicious) - Charcuterie plate with burnt onion mustard - beef sausage, pig face, duck (yum) - Lamb steak with pistaschio puree and salsify; Lamb cassoule (OMG...so perfectly cooked rare/medium rare and melted in my mouth...cassoule was sooo tasty and flavorful) Desserts: - Goat cheese ice cream with 4 layer gelee (this was probably my least favorite) - Shaved fois gras over lychee (it was purely sinful and i loved it!) - Quince ice cream over crumbled rye biscuit (delicious ice cream) - White miso ice cream over warm rice & mochi pudding in a waffle cone (all I can say is OMG) To go: - kimchi onigiri for later (very spicy) I loved every bite.....my faves were trout tot, crudo, orechiette, lamb steak, and rice & mochi pudding...so delicious! It's pretty pricey at $175 per person without drinks and tip, but worth every penny.  The reservation system is a bit difficult too, but that also is worth the trouble.  I love that we can have top notch food in a casual environment that doesn't feel uptight.  David Chang is a genius!  And my BF is the best!
We were quoted a 45 minute to an hour wait but we ended up getting a table in 20. No complaints. Sure, the ramen isn't the most authentic but I think that it's still pretty good. I also got the opportunity to try the beef brisket noodle soup dish and it was also very tasty. I liked the ramen noodles better than the thinner (somen?) noodles in my beef brisket soup. The ramen noodles had more or a bite and they held up better (the thinner noodles got a little limp and soggy after a while). On the other hand, I thought that the beef brisket soup was much more flavorful. Go figure. I was thinking that next time I'll ask for the beef brisket soup w/ the ramen noodles but it says no substitions on the menu. I had the chicken buns instead of pork which I would normally order but since I was sharing the pork ramen I thought it might be overkill. I'd say that the buns were my favorite part of the meal. The bread was steamed to perfection and the meat was really juicy and flavorful. I also liked the addition of thin cucumbers in the "bun-wich." They have Hitachino bottled beers which is a plus but the downside is that they're 9 bucks a pop (but then again they have a cute little owl cartoon on their label so how can you resist?) I don't recommend going here in a group. Parties of 4 or more had to wait at least on hour (although it was a Saturday night). I think it's best to go with just one other person.
My fiance surprised me with a dinner at the renowned Momofuku Ko as a graduation gift for me.  Unfortunately, my experience at Ko was less than desirable.  The food was outstanding; however, the customer service left a sour taste in my mouth. Meal Concept *Diner only accomodates 12 guests per night.  Though the online system allows guests to select from several times slots (ie. 6:50 pm, 7:10 pm, 7:30 etc), only 1, 2, or 4  guests sign up for each slot.     *When my fiance and I ate there the chefs prepared about 10 different dishes ranging from to braised duck to oatmeal ice cream.  The presentation was elegant and sophisticated, and the flavors of each dish was different and tasty; however, the mini portions just left me hungry and craving for more food. Customer Service Arrogance best sums up the staff's attitudes. One of the waiters was washing out another customer's wine glass and splattered white wine all over my brand new Betsey Johnson gown.  Claiming that it was merely water, I kindly told him that it was not.  Rather than appologizing for the inconvenience he threw a napkin and carbonated water on the table to infer that I clean it off myself.  I did my best to clean it off, but unfortuantely the white wine left a large stain.  Not wanting this small inconvenience ruin my experience, I decided to enjoy the food and inquire with the manager about compensation later-on.   When the meal was nearly over, I polietely asked the manager if there was some sort of compensation for my garment, and he rolled his eyes and told me to get it dry-cleaned.  Surprised at his abrupt response, I told him that unfortunately I was going to leave the city the next day. manager: "what do you want me to do?" me: "i'm wondering if there's any other compensation" manager: "just give me the bill, I don't care. you can email it to our website"       me: "who can I email the bill to? manager: "to me" me: "and your name? manager: "Sean" me: "how is that spelled? S-H?" manager: *rolls eyes* "No, S-E-A-N"                 I felt attacked and greatly disappointed at the restaurant's service.  I am unclear if the poor service was due to our youthful appearance or for our non-alcoholic consumption. Nevertheless, we paid the full gratuity and will likely not return.     Recommendations Good food with good service is a winning combination for any business and I believe that this restaurant would benefit from additional customer service training.
This was a tough one to write - Momofuku sidles up to the edge of greatness, but being best-buddies with greatness isn't enough to qualify. First off, the actual noodle bar - it's literally a noodle bar, the kind you don't generally see in NYC.  You sit at a plain wooden (plywoodesque) bar and you face the mini-kitchen and you can actually watch them make the food in front of you.  That part I really enjoyed, I love watching people cook.  (I also like to cook, and love to eat, etc. etc. etc.)  The thing is, though, the decor seems to be from the "I ran out of money before I was done" school of interior design.  It looks like a bunch of college students were putting together their first restaurant after having worked with Habitat for Humanity over the summer.  (The fact that almost the entire crowd eating there looked like they were NYU students didn't help.)  But whatever, decor's minor, and the enjoyment of watching them cook made up for the look and cramped quarters. Now, the food... the food is overpriced, and in the case of the duck leg ramen, a little underflavored.  The steamed pork buns were served peking duck-style, with a chunk of pork, cucumbers, some hoisin sauce, etc. folded into steamed bread (a bun).  It was fantastic, really simple and delicious and with good quality ingredients, the pork especially.  The problem?  You get 2 for nine bucks, which you can compare to Chinatown, where you can get 6 for 2 bucks.  These are better... but 4.50 vs. 35 cents?  That's a hard sell. The ramen was mediocre, unfortunately.  The duck leg was pleasant, but not roasted quite enough, the skin wasn't crisp and still pretty fatty.  I know there's only so much you can do under short notice, but a little more time on a little higher heat and it may have solved that problem.  (Then again, once you dump it into a bowl of ramen you'll lose most of the crispness anyways.)  The broth was ok, not great, the greens were an interesting addition but again, nothing special, and I wasn't a big fan of the thicker-style noodles they use.  Overall, I did enjoy it, and it was a large portion, but frankly for $16 or whatever it was, I was hoping to be a little more blown away (like "at all").  At half the price for the dishes, I'd be there all the time (the buns alone would be worth it!).  At this price, it's a fun excursion on occasion but you can do better for your money. (My friends had the "Chicken and Egg" and the "Momofuku Ramen"; both were "decent" but "could've been better" and "overpriced", to quote them "Zagat-style".) Overall it was a disappointment, mainly because of all of the hype.  It was not *bad*, mind you, it just had the potential to be phenomenal and simply fell short.  I'm giving it a very hesitant 4 stars, since I've only been there once and the place was packed and it's possible the ramen was just a little off that night.  They tried to do something great, and they deserve some credit for effort.  Still - and this may be the most damning part of this review - I'm not sure that I'd ever go back unless I was really craving those pork buns.  The rest just wasn't enough to make me want to go back.
Came here for my birthday. It was awesome. Great service, food and atmosphere. Just love sitting round the kitchen watching the chefs work their magic. Particularly love the east of the booking system. It works for us super-organised people!
If you are a pork lover, then this is your joint. I traveled across New York City on Halloween night to try a pork bun at this place, and let me tell you it was worth the trip. The fact that it was a wind storm outside and we couldn't find a cab for an hour after we left still didn't upset me because of the tasty pork ramen I had just ingested. I am a huge sucker for salty noodle bowls, so this is like I died and went to heaven. (However, the noodle bowls are HUGE. Combined with pork bun, this is an extremely heaty meal. and SALTY! beware.) It is a very small place though with bar seating only, so I would highly recommend going very early or late, and no reservations. So prepare to wait.
the food was ridiculously good.  they're reputed to have the best pork buns in all of new york, which i could see.  but mvp went to the pork ramen dish that my friends and i all got.  there were multiple kinds of pork in it that all tasted a little different.  it was so good that there could have been a pig snout in the bowl and i would have given it a kiss...no tongue though. the only thing that sucked was the horrible use of space.  there is nothing worse than sitting at a 8 inch deep sill facing a wall while trying to eat and talk with friends.
They say the harder you work, the luckier you get. Furiously clicking the refresh button at 10 AM and arduously searching 1st Avenue for a sign or awning, signifying that I have found the holy grail, may have actually got me thinking that I am lucky indeed. For a hole in the wall kind of place, I was thoroughly impressed by the way Ko was thought out: the meal was ready to be made for you when you walk through the door, modest atmosphere, first class service staff, unique several course adventure with perfect enhancements through paired libations, and enjoyment for 3 hours, unrushed. What more can you ask for? Maybe a discount... but such is life. Every course was amazing with my favorite being the duck dish with the pairing of Ramirez de la Piscina, Reserva Rioja 2001. Your results will vary due to the ever changing menu. At the end of the night, I felt comfortably satisfied and nicely inebriated. I was ready to go home, lay down, and dream about future meals at this amazing restaurant. Or was this all a dream in the first place?
Momo-F&!?*CK-U is more like it. I was so excited when I finally scored a coveted dinner reservation here. I thought I scored the foodie-lottery. With very specific instructions (one must print out and bring the confirmation email with them to dinner, no pictures of food, etc.), and no set menu, I ventured out on the Saturday night for what I thought was to be food heaven. It turned out to be all hype and little bite. The restaurant only has 12 seats across a restaurant-bar, where you can watch the chefs prepare the dishes they serve you. We were seated and told that there would be a discount on the night's meal because the air-conditioning wasn't working. We ordered drinks (beer for my boyfriend and  1/2 carafe of white wine for me) and proceeded to wait for our 10-12 course meal. The chef working in front of us was not friendly at all. My boyfriend and I are pretty chatty people and like to talk to the wait-staff. I asked the chef if he minded chatting whilst he was preparing, to which I received a one-word "No." But then he ignored us and our questions all night! The hosts were uber-east-village trendy (i.e. tattoos, logger-beards and looked like they hadn't showered in a while). They were not the friendliest bunch either. Unfortunately, I am writing this review about a month after our visit, so I hope I can remember all the courses. Our first "course" was a tiny fried lobster 'dumpling' about the size of a gumball from the gumball machine. It was good, but nothing spectacular. We thought it was one of those amuse bouche, but unfortunately, it turned out to be the normal size of most of the courses. The next dish was some sort of raw scallop ceviche with some sprouts and caviar. It was okay. The scallops were a little slimy, but to be expected with raw scallops. My boyfriend didn't like this dish at all. He thought it tasted like mucus.  All in all, it was about 2 teaspoon bites worth of food. To be honest, although every dish was nicely presented; none of the food was spectacular. I have gotten better food at other 4 and 5 star establishments (Daniel, Babbo, Casa Mono, Morimoto, to name a few) and didn't think the experience or the food lived up to the hype. Because this restaurant is so small and selective to get in, I tend to think trendy New Yorkers need to try it, but in actuality the experience did not live up to the hype.   We were then given about an inch piece of asparagus in a tasting spoon (think the spoons they serve with Japanese udon noodle soup) with a bacon flavored soup like substance underneath and bacon foam on top. The soup was very oily and although I love bacon on everything, this did not do it for me. The next course was a bacon soup with sea urchin and peas. It was utterly inedible. I am not sure what they were thinking when they created this dish, but it was gross. Sea Urchin, had a salty, creamy consistency that I didn't find appealing. The bacon soup was salty, oily and again, did not highlight the deliciousness of bacon, but rather made me feel nauseous after eating it. My boyfriend had trouble getting any of it down. We then were given one pork rind each as our next course. Fried, good - but only one tiny pork rind? Really? Not even a bowl, or two or three? For $125 a person you think they could have spared a little more! We were then given a tomato sorbet, which basically tasted like salsa sorbet. It wasn't good at all. Who wants to eat creamy, cold salsa flavored ice cream? I am not sure if we just came on a bad night - but the choice of dishes were not well thought out nor did they taste very good. The last, "main" course of the evening was a twice-fried short rib. This was by far the best plate of the night. Two other patrons that were sitting next to us also wished that they had had more of the short rib and less of the other dishes. The rib was succulent, perfectly cooked and made me want more. Unfortunately, much like the rest of the meal, after 2 forkfuls, the dish was finished and I was still hungry! Dessert was not good either. It was some sort of strawberry ice cream and strawberry gelee. It was fine, but nothing to write home about. It wasn't spectacular or anything that wowed me. The bill came to over $300 including drinks and tip (even with the discount mentioned above) and for that type of money; I would have rather gone back to one of our old favorites, like Casa Mono or Daniel. At least there I leave full and know that I got an amazing meal. I wouldn't waste my time at Momof--ck U. It is all hype and no bite. Try Hearth across the street. It is amazing, well-prepared food. Food is amazing, always well-prepared. The staff is amazing, friendly and the atmosphere is cozy and romantic. We won't make that mistake again!
I'll jump on the Momo bandwagon.  It takes a lot for me to get over to the East side. Honestly, a little disappointed.  The seating situation is unbearable.  I was one of the lucky ones that had to face the bare, wooden wall, even though I was out (yet again) with my mother.  Having to sit sideways to talk to her on a wood stool made for an uncomfy situation from the start. I got the Momofuku Ramen.  And it was good.  I enjoyed it.  That's pretty much all I can say.  I'm not getting orgasmic about this place. Maybe a small orgasm over the pork buns.  One of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Ever.  But I just wish this place lived up to the hype for me.  :(
My friend warned me that eating here would turn me into a David Chang crack addict and she was right. She claimed to dream about the food often and after our dinner here, I was jonesing two days later for everything we had. Delicious, unusual, surprising.
There were a couple good dishes, the famous amara broth, and the hand cut noodles. Everything else seemed to be unique just for the sake of it, and I did not appreciate that for most of the rest of the dishes I felt like I kept eating for novelty and not for taste. I would take the bo ssam or a bowl of spicey noodles over this any day.  Plus, there were too many courses, and the pacing was kind of slow, and I think the chefs are getting tired of serving the same thing every night. This place might have been 3 stars when bruni was around, but dont think it deserves it any more.
I recently brought my girlfriend here on a Sunday night in early April to celebrate her birthday. I knew where Ko was located and as it was still light out, I had no trouble finding it. Our reservation was for 7:30 and arriving at 7:20, we were seated immediately. We opted just to have water with dinner, so below are notes I made during the meal, some of which I expanded upon as I typed them up. The meal consisted of 13 courses - 3 amuses, 8 entrees and 2 desserts. 1st - Fried Pork Skin. This was flavorful, salty, airy, light and bendable. 2nd - Softshell Crab, Jalapeño Cornbread, Pickled Onion. The Cornbread was more like a warm liquid pudding. The Softshell Crab was light, meaty and delicious. 3rd - Thai Carrot Soup. This was carrot flavored with a lot of things, most of which I couldn't identify. There might've been lemongrass in there. Overall, good! 4th - Diver Scallop Crudo w/Avocado, Cucumber Ice and Burnt Jalapeño. Flavors of cilantro, salt and pepper. Tasty dish. Cucumber ice had mild flavors, kind of watery tho. 5th - Spanish Mackerel Tataki, Beaten Apple Puree, Pickled Cabbage, Puffy Rice. All delicious - rice was crunchy, the apple puree was like apple butter, the pickled cabbage was eh. 6th - Honey Dew Melon, Cured Pork Roulade, Snap Peas, Dashi Broth. The broth tasted familiar, overall yummy. Pork had a unique flavor because of what it was wrapped it. 7th - Lightly Cooked Egg, American Caviar, Fingerling Potato Chips, Slow Cooked Onion. Something tasted slightly off... sour caviar or onion? Yummy egg and potato chips tho. 8th - Milk Ricotta Cavatelli, Whole Grain Mustard, Sauerkraut. Yum! Creamy cavatelli, rich beef tongue. A bit of spice tho. Would never have known it was beef tongue if they hadn't told us. 9th - Roasted Halibut, Pepperoncini Puree, Fennel Nut Ferns, Kohlrabi Salad. Mine was excellent and perfectly prepared. My girlfriend's halibut, however, was dry and overcooked. We told our chef, whose reaction was, "Oh shit!". He remade the dish and the second time around, it was perfect. He also took some time to explain why halibut can be difficult to prepare. 10th - Shaved Foie Gras, Lychee Fruit, Pine Nut Brittle, Riesling Gelee. Lots of flavors and textures in layers. Tart gelee, sweet fruit, crunchy brittle. Didn't get much flavor from the foie gras. 11th - Duck Breast, Pomegranate Molasses, Ginger Braised Turnip, Pumpernickel. Only the best duck ever. I'll eat duck, but it's not my favorite. I find it to be fatty and chewy. The duck at Ko was only the best duck  I've ever had. Flavorful, not fatty or chewy. 12th - Goat Cheese Ice Cream w/Goat Cheese, Rhubarb and a cookie. Surprisingly delicious, very yummy ice cream with pleasant flavors from the goat cheese and rhubarb. 13th - Honey Sorbet, Lemon and Thyme Foam, Bee Pollen. This was really outstanding. Like no dessert I've ever had. Overall, I thought the food was delicious and well prepared. Service was very polite, accommodating and professional as well. I didn't feel any of the chefs were rude or that they ignored customers. Ko has three chefs behind the counter and our chef did initiate conversion a few times. If you have questions, they are happy to answer, but most people here spent the majority of the time talking with each other. I also didn't really notice people being on a set schedule of eating. People arrived at different times and how they were served depended on when they were arrived. I didn't feel like any courses were rushed so that a schedule could be adhered to. The stools were a tad uncomfortable, but no biggie. It also got a bit warm and the air conditioning was turned on after course #7. People are constantly moving behind you tho, but nobody bumped into me. It was just a constant back and forth. Perhaps my biggest complaint about Ko was when the host called to confirm my reservation. When he asked if I had any questions, I said no, except that I was bringing my gf here for her birthday. He replied by saying that he had seen that note in my online reservation, but explained they don't do celebrations or candles at Ko, due to the size and intimacy of the restaurant. He then went on to note that if we wanted to make the evening special, we could order a glass of champagne... or a bottle. I wasn't looking for Joel Grey do to his cabaret routine on the bar, but just some acknowledgment of her birthday, especially given the price. While Ko was delicious, I found a some of the dishes to be somewhat familiar. I felt for the price, the food should've been even more grand and haute cuisine. Despite the fact that we were celebrating, I didn't feel that the meal was a good value for what we paid. Having not eaten much before Ko, I ate all my food, plus some of my gf's and felt like I hadn't eaten all day, so we dropped by the Milk Bar and Spot Dessert Bar after. Despite all this, Ko is an experience that everyone should have. Just be prepared to splurge and expect to overpay.
I have very mixed feelings about this place. It can be exciting to score a reservation the first time and being able to watch the chefs prepare your meal is a plus. I found the chefs to be friendly enough and the other servers to be flawlessly attentive with drinks, coats etc..... BUT, the food is just not good enough for the price you pay. There is way too much salt in most of the dishes. The ingredients were all of good quality  but there seemed to be either too much or too little effort put into each dish.  Too simple sashimi, too experimental desserts- the chefs seem to try too hard to be innovative and make food pretty-to-present,  and forget that they really only have to make everything taste good.
Making a reservation here is not impossible, as they say. The process is actually very organized and fair... as long as you can remember to get to a computer at 10AM sharp, and TURN OFF YOUR AD/POP-UP BLOCKERS! (I had to sacrifice an earlier reservation for a 8:50PM because it took me half a minute to figure that one out [and yes, the spots are all gone by 10:01AM]). There's probably a handful of birthday boys/girls seated at the counter at any given time; last Saturday, I went there with one of them (actually, two, because the stranger on my left was celebrating his birthday too). Dinner is $125/pp for about 2 amuse bouches and 10 courses, lasting 2 hours. The chefs orchestrate their dishes in front of you cleanly and with amazing judgment of time. But this restaurant is all about the food though. It's so creative and daring, and everything just seems to click. Every course is titled with 3-5 names of ingredients and prep methods, many of which you wouldn't see on menus from day-to-day (with their policy against food photography, it's hard to remember what you ate). The chef said the courses are basically the same every day, except that every week, they introduce a new dish. The two courses they keep as mainstays are the: smoked hard-boiled egg with Hackleback caviar, onion soubise, fingerling potato chips, and the shaved foie gras with lychee, pine nut brittle, Riesling gelee. Those were delicious, but my favorites were the tortellini in celery root puree and black truffle sauce, and the coconut sorbet with cookie dough. I thought David Chang would sprinkle pork belly on half his tasting dishes, but Ko featured a lot of seafood and raw/rare meats like raw Maine shrimp, trout, mackerel, bay scallops, venison tartare. After the sorbet, we saw them from afar filleting some sort of sashimi and thought they were teasing us with a never-ending kaiseki of raw fish, but no, it was our second dessert: pink grapefruit (in a something something something sauce). We didn't expect to, but walked away very full. I asked if the lunch tasting ($175/pp for 16-18 courses) had dishes of smaller size, but they said, nope. She "sat down and did it once, with wine pairings." As if it were a feat of gastronomic proportions. Probably is.
Some things worked for me, some didn't. After I made the reservation, I reached out to the hostess & let them know that I prefer something light & healthy.  Even after I arrived at the restaurant, I reminded them again.  So what was the first thing that I got on my plate?  Fried pork skin. My first 3 courses were too salty for my liking.  That being said, there were a few items that I liked & memorable: * cucumber snow * beef tongue with ricotta pasta * shaved foie gras with gelee & lyche While some dishes were creative & fun, this place lacked the finesse & sophistication that one would expect from Le Bernadin, L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon & Alain Ducasse au Plaza Athénée.   It's good, but not great. Overall, for $150 per head, I expected more.
I finally made it to Momofuku after over a year of having it on my list of places to try. I actually went to the new venue, since it just moved to a roomier location. The new location is quite nice: I like all the wooden panels, and the nice bar seating area. Interestingly enough, I thought Momofuku was a ramen joint, which after dining there I realize it isn't. In fact, I'm not even sure what kind of food it serves... vaguely Japanese, but by no means authentic (which isn't to say that the food isn't good). My bf and I shared two entree: the tsukemen cold noodles, and the grilled shrimp with grits. Both dishes were very tasty if a little overpriced in my opinion. So: I like it, but I do think it's a little overhyped.
This was the *must go* place on our list while in NY. The reservation system is a complete pain in the ass as you have to go to their site at exactly 7 am pacific and click super fast on this grid of available reservations. You would think it was a ticket to getting into heaven or something. This of course made my expectations super high. Did Ko live up to the hype for me? No. Sure it was a great meal but not heavenly and the service was snobby and pretentious. In particular the gal serving the wines and drinks for the pairing. Couldn't be bothered to actually describe the wine or beer or whatever it was that was being served. The crumbled fois with the pine nut brittle was brilliant and a few of the other dishes were excellent. But I would not bother with this place again, the service was a turn off. Someone said to me well its NY and it's different for you California peeps.... bs man great service is universal..
should be better places around NYC... overpriced... not specialized Momofuku ramen...   but Kudos for nice service... 3 stars for it!
David Chang has recalibrated my tastebuds. I had to go through my past yelp reviews and knock most everything else down a star because Ko is so momofukin' amazing. I've been an aspiring foodie (read: no money), but now that I've had a taste of the good life, I've officially crossed over to the dark side. I'll spare you the play-by-play on all 10 courses (15 if you consider that my dining partner and I got different dishes for half of them). The best three plates (and thankfully, the three permanent fixtures of Ko's seasonal menu) are as follows: 1) Deep-fried short rib -- cooked perfectly, juicy as hell. 2) Shaved foie gras on lychee w/ riesling jelly and pine-nut brittle -- the flavors and textures were phenomenal yet distinct. First comes the salty creaminess of the foie, followed by the slight tart/sweetness of the lychee/riesling combo and ending with the sugary crunchiness of the brittle.  A 1-2-3 knockout punch in a single bite. Willy Wonka would be proud. 3) Long Island oyster on the half shell w/ pork belly in a kimchi consomme -- I only stole a nibble of this because I was served the crawfish sweet pea soup for the course, but it was a nibble of pure awesome. The pork belly just melted in my mouth. My dining partner said that this was the best dish of the night (albeit by a slim margin). The meal ran two hours exactly, and we split a single wine paring so we wouldn't be too hammered to remember the later courses. In hindsight, this was an excellent idea. Had I known there would be a little box for special requests when you finally get a reservation from the site, I would've requested that my friend and I both get all the pork dishes. Whether or not they would've accommodated this request, only Ko knows. The umami-goodness of the evening lingered in the back of my throat for at least another day after the meal. Two weeks of 10am clickfests trying to score a reservation were absolutely worth it. My advice for those still trying to get a seat? Be patient and keep at it. May the porks be with you.
I'm a big ramen girl and while Momofuku probably isn't an authentic Japanese ramen place, it's a really YUM noodle soup place with hearty portions and high quality ingredients, major props for good veggies and I love their benedict-like eggs. I slurped up the whole thing up, perfect for a bitterly cold day as was how it was when I was in the city that weekend. The place is clean though a bit small. Wait wasn't a problem since we got there a bit before opening and thus the first ones seated. If you're hungry, order the steamed buns--they come right away!
Despite all the scare about the difficulty with getting a reservation at Ko, I was able to snag a spot here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. The hardest part for me was deciding whether to make a reservation for lunch or for dinner! After researching for some time, I decided to go with dinner since this is my first time at Ko so I wasn't sure if lunch was really worth the price. Being one of the first people for dinner, we were able to choose our seats at the end of the table. We liked these seats the best because it felt like we had more space and didn't have to worry about being elbow to elbow with strangers. On to the food...wow. 10 courses + 2 amuse bouches. This is why I like to take photos at restaurants, I can't remember every detail or every single course. I do remember thoroughly enjoying each and every course. Even my bf said he wanted to "lick the plate clean" for some of the dishes. Yes, THAT good! yum! The courses that really stood out for me of course included the famous shaved foie gras dish and the poached egg with caviar and potato chips. However, others included the uni, avocado soup, tortellini pasta, and the roasted chicken dishes. The roasted chicken was soo juicy and delicious. I admit I was a bit disappointed that our last savory dish was chicken instead of short ribs or pork (I'm a huge meat lover). However, I've never had chicken like this before! So amazing. And of course, being the sweet lover I am, I loved the dessert dishes as well, especially the carrot cake. My bf and I also went with the full drink pairings which accomodated the dishes very well. I would definitely recommend it as it really added to the experience by bringing out the full flavor in each dish. We enjoyed all the the drink pairings which included wine, beer, and sake. I now have no hesitation in knowing that I definitely want to come back and try their lunch tasting. Even the chef really recommended we come back for the lunch as he said it's a whole different experience. Def will be coming back! :)
No vegetarian options when you are located in east village!? Not cool man.
WHOA WHOA WHOA -- NOT 4.5 stars people! This place has the cutest ambiance ever. So cute. We tried a lot of stuff. The highlights; The soy sauce egg was a wonderful creamy texture. The so-so: The potato chips w/ 7 spices, tasted like they had 3 spices. The stout-peanut butter soft serve swirl was novel, and interesting to taste, but not something to order again. The ramen was not as good as others I've had and was really very seaweedy in taste. The pork in it was good. The low lights: The beet salad with airy yogurt and shaved ham totally weirded everybody out. Overall, so-so. I wouldn't fight nor urge a return trip.
reading these reviews, it seems that either momofuku is very inconsistent, or some people just don't get it. yes, it's expensive. yes, it's ramen. yes, it's cramped. but that's not the point. i mean, a kobe beef burger with foie gras and truffles on it is still a burger, right? i came up from DC to prance around NYC eating good food, and just had to try momofuku when i got there. i used to live in london, and eat at wagamama a lot, which is a similar idea (high-end ramen) so i knew what to expect. though the space is small at momofuku, we ate at 2pm which meant quick seating and no cramped style. we started with the rice cakes, which were perfectly chewy and crunchy, and came with a delicious spicy sauce. though the execution was perfect,   i was getting the "high-end" feel. however, i tasted my friend's pork buns, and they were phenomenal. the pork belly was so fresh. we then had the momofuku ramen, which was a revelation. broth was perfect and subtle, the pork belly and shredded pork were unbelievably tender, and even the little accoutrements like the fresh peas and egg noodles sent me into a tizzy. and that's it. momofuku is not traditional, but if you want asian food that won't make you sick and will leave you feeling very clean, this is the place to go. i loved it so much i went back to momofuku ssam the next day.
I think I would have given Ko 4 stars, except for the fact that I am feeling slightly embittered that the meal was not as outstanding as I had hoped, given how expensive the meal was and how difficult it is to score a reservation. Not to say that there were not any stand outs in the 3+ hour lunch.  I was mesmerized by the uber-fluffy poached egg (secret is in adding methylcellulose and discharging the mixture via a whipping cream dispenser using nitrous, not CO2, dispensers, to avoid the bitter taste) floating in an intense bacon broth.  Bonus points for pairing it with a satisfyingly savoury and toasty "bagel" ball, within which was enclosed a fantastic bacon and scallion cream cheese. I was also a big fan of the almond-crusted skate, dressed nicely with a delicious cauliflower foam and peppered with fresh water chestnuts.  The carrot ganache dessert was an absolute standout, as I thought the combination of candied ginger crumble, sweet cream ice cream and the ganache (carrot, white chocolate, cream, and HORSERADISH?!?) just stood up and punched you in the face in the most pleasant and amicable fashion.  The bitter orange sorbet with earl grey cake, dark chocolate, and celery wasn't my favorite dessert, but it was still tasty and a well thought out and appropriate way to cleanse the palate and bring the meal to an end.   And of course, the ever-present shaved foie gras dish - it quickly became clear how it has stood the test of time.  It's amazing how shaved foie coalesces into what feels like a complete and unadulterated piece of foie the moment it hits your tongue.  The combination with lychee, Riesling gelee, and pine nut brittle is also just the perfect contrast of textures, fat, and acid, really a pleasure to eat and enjoy. As for the remaining courses that made up the bulk of the meal?  The lamb dish was bold and full of flavor, well executed, but no new flavor profiles to speak of.  Some of the remaining fish dishes were intricately executed with bursts of innovation and wit, but did not seem to ascend to much more taste-wise than if you had just left them alone.  Fried chicken wings with jalapeno sauce, "grilled" ball of rice and cold Chinese collard greens?  Nothing to write home about, plus I kept feeling like I wanted to dip the chicken into some kind of sauce.  And of the rest I finish with an etc. etc. etc. So for all the high points, was it worth $175 + tax and tip?  As much as I really enjoyed those few dishes and am glad I had the opportunity to try them, I would have to say no.  If they had just stopped with their stronger offerings and scaled back the pricing accordingly, I would have most certainly scored Ko higher.  But considering that for all the expense and effort that went into making it there, I would hope such a meal in its entirety would garner more highs than lows than this particular dining experience afforded me.
One star for a two star joint?  Ouch.  I guess I owe you an explanation. I went for lunch on a recent friday and was greeted by a friendly hostess who took us to our seat, where I wasn't greeted by a surly head chef who didn't think it was worth while to respond to my hello and made it very clear that there would be no chit-chat with the riff-raff (i.e. me the paying customer.)  Maybe it was my friend's Slim Jim t-shirt. I should have walked out right then and there, but I am a sucker for great food and Momofuku Ko has a certain reputation, so I sat down.   Unfortunately, there wasn't much great food to be had.  Much of it was poorly executed or outright boring.  Here is the run down:    - 3 of my dishes were way oversalted, An egg in a bacon broth, a clam in dashi broth, and the broccolli puree with the orrechetti.   The salt in these dishes were so far off, I can't imagine that the chefs even tasted them. The dashi broth was so bad I couldn't eat it.  I mentioned to the hostess that it was too salty, to which Mr. Surly Head Chef man said "too salty?",  I said "yes" and only got a withering look from him in return.  Pleasant.   - The lemon ice sorbet in the final dessert was so bitter i felt like i was eating a cold ball of zest.  It had no balance and ruined whatever else was on the plate.   - The chicken wings are better at the local sports bar.  The two sides were that came with them were poorly done, a grilled rice ball that tasted like old charcoal, and some sad limp cold collard greens.   - The fluke on the sashmi plate came with a foam which the chef was clearly having trouble with, it collapsed on every plate that went out, leaving a puddly mess.  He didn't really bother to try and make it right.   -  The toro tartare had little seeds that ruined the texture without adding any flavor.  That and they wound up stuck in my teeth.     - The lamb cassoulet with lamb neck was boring.  I almost fell asleep.   - The bagel ball filled with bacon and scallion cream cheese was a massive gut bomb that didn't measure up to a regular old bagel and cream cheese at your standard NYC bagel place. On the good side of the ledger there were a couple things:  -  The carrot ganache in the first desert of ginger crumble and ice cream was superb.  Easily the best component of the meal.  -  The octopus salad was perfectly cooked, a very good course.  -  The almond crusted skate with cauliflower foam, green olive, and water chestnuts was solid and well prepared.  -  The shaved foie gras was good.  Not the best foie course I've ever had, but tasty as advertised.   For a two star place, I frankly expect better and didn't get it.   At a minimum, I expect the staff to be polite, not outright rude.  I expect the food to be well executed and if there is a problem it should be fixed.  I expect there to be more great courses than bad ones.  I accept that in 16 courses 2 or 3 are going to be lackluster, but not the majority of them.   I expect the staff to care about what they are doing and their guests, and I didn't get the sense that they did.  For example, towards the end of the meal, my friend asked Mr. Surly Chef man for a run down of what we ate, he paused a second and said "I guess.  I'll make so-and-so do it."   Shockingly, he wasn't kidding. In the end, the few things that stood out are not enough to save the rest of the experience.  Your time and money are better spent on other massively caloric affairs.
Whoa whoa whoa. Seriously. This place is like every foodie's dream (or maybe just my dream), if you can get a reservation... and if your wallet can swallow it. :P Bank account aside though, I really love this place. Layout is small, but with enough space for it to be comfortable. Classy, but casual atmosphere. Service is super friendly, although they wouldn't let me take photos of our food T_T. Tasting menu ran for some 2 hours or so, but everything was well-timed so by the time dessert rolled around, I was surprisingly content. The food? ORGASMICCCC. It was like an orgy on my palate. Yes. An orgy, albeit a fancy one. It was like slowly strolling through a private art exhibit, with a glass of sake and the artists right there, whispering the exotic ingredients in your ear as they whip their creations together for you. Totally recommend trying this once in a lifetime. If not twice. Bring good company. ;D
gonna buck the trend here and give this place 3.5 stars. scored new years eve reservations on my first try - maybe i got lucky or most of you need to get faster computers! anyway... First the food:  maybe it was the hype and the grand expectations but it fell a little flat for me.  There were definitely some stand outs - including the poached egg and caviar dish, the seared duck, and the sashimi app dishes.  However, there were some duds such as the matzo ball soup and the foie gras dish.  The rest were entirely enjoyable, but nothing to rave about at this price point.   Ambiance:  it was fine.  It was a bit too warm and that made everything a little less comfortable.  The heat from the kitchen and the ... heat... made things a little stuffy in there.  The decor is minimal (no qualms with that) and the kitchen is the main backdrop.  Watching everything being made was fun BUT... Service:  I read some reviews before going and some people raved about the interaction with the staff, etc but there was none of that to be found on our trip.   I thought one of the chefs (i think serpico) acted and looked like he hated his job.  His explanations of the dishes were glib and uninspired and once or twice he kinda "threw" the plates at us.  I guess you can't blame him for having to repeat the same canned lines over and over.  However, I have to note that his ambivalence did lessen the experience significantly.   The wait staff was excellent though. Overall... the food is generally very good.  Some standouts, some duds.  I just wish the chefs would put on a more happy face as they go about their motions.
Amazing.  I would come every week if I could.  A beautiful, unique meal that will rank among the best of my life.
This 12-seater restaurant had my friend and I fight for reservation. We celebrated when we got the reservation. This is a very unnoticeable restaurant from the outside with a big metal door, but once you step in, it was a cozy space with just you and 11 other folks enjoying a 2 hour long meal. Every single dish was carefully crafted and intricately balanced. If it it not for the difficulty of getting a reservation, I would definitely visit there again.   And when we were about to leave, we ran into Chef David Chang who was nice enough to let us take a picture with him even though the restaurant has a no photography policy. Overall, great experience.
Best bowl of ramen I've ever had...by far.  David Chang manages to improve on one of my favorite dishes in the world, ramen, by using better ingredients.  I had the Momofuku ramen and I loved the addition of the poached egg.  The Berkshire pork was so flavorful and amazing.  I loved the thinly sliced scallions and fresh peas.  What a fresh, flavorful bowl of ramen.  It's gourmet ramen.  YUM! A lot of ramen places achieve rich broth by adding a ton of MSG.  Momofuku doesn't do that because it has the Berkshire pork.   Look at how prettily they plate the dishes (and they taste as good as they look)...We also had an excellent cured hamachi appetizer.   I like the open kitchen that allows me to watch them put together my bowl of ramen.  Yes, it's crowded and small but you can't fault a place for being popular, especially when the food is worth the wait.
I will be able to recite all ten courses for the rest of my life.
I went here a little less than a year ago and the entire experience overall ranks as one of the more memorable meals I've had in NYC.  For the experience factor, I think it is to your advantage to in the last seating slot of the night (as if you have any choice in the matter!)  The chef's were very talkative and engaged us quite a lot.  At the very end of the meal the chef's were playing around and ended up showing us an egg topper in action just for fun.  They also explained that the plan for the restaurant was to change 1 component of a single dish each night, so that 3-4 months later, the menu is completely different. Most memorable dishes: Toasted english muffin with whipped pork fat Both fish dishes (can't remember exactly what it was at this point) Short Rib (best I've ever had) Smoked/grilled pork belly with an oyster (best pork belly I've ever had) Smoked egg with caviar (amazing flavor in the egg) Rhubarb dessert Least favorite dish (that I will get killed for saying): Frozen grated foie gras over lychee and pine nut brittle Granted I'm not a huge fan of foie gras, but frozen meat just isn't my thing no matter the meat.  I had a bite to try it, and promptly had to wash it down and wait for something to replace the flavor. Water Refill Meter: 4/5 It was given without request a few times, but I had to ask the rest of the time.
We have eaten at Ssam Bar and Noodle Bar several times each and greatly looked forward to visiting Ko.  In a nutshell:  good, not great.     Ko, as everyone knows, occupies the space where Noodle Bar opened.  Thus, computer savvy diners sit at the counter directly across from the chefs who rarely deign to interact with the diners - giving off a vibe that feels something like "you're lucky to be here, so just eat & don't bother me, you wouldn't understand my explanations anyway."        The dinner @ $100 consists of the by-now well documented 9 courses of which several are quite good and many are simply average.  The wine pairing, also $100/person, is 9 small pours adding up to 3 glasses of wine; certainly enough for dinner, but expensive @ $33/glass for very inexpensive although occasionally interesting wines and sakes.       No need to go into a course by course as that has been well documented by fellow Yelpers.  Suffice it to say, that although it's worth one trip, it's a cold, emotionless experience with  food that is obviously well thought out if only occassionally exciting enough to cut through the atmosphere.
Perhaps the most unique eating experience I've ever had. I went to this restaurant because my fiancé is a chef, and David Chang is one of his idols. I was nervous because I am not very ambitious when it comes to trying new things, and this food was definitely weird to me. I am proud to say I tried everything. Some were fantastic (garlic soup, little potatoey thing, halibut, diver scallop) but others scared me a little (sea urchin, beef tongue - tastes like beef, who knew? But it's a TONGUE and creeped me out - and foie gras). But my chef boyfriend practically licked his plates clean with the fervor of a kid in a candy store. So I knew it was good food. The restaurants seats 12 people at a time for a two hour block, so make reservations.
I'm fascinated that this restaurant gets any bad reviews.  The food was amazing and the experience was memorable.  We came here for my birthday.  Apparently very difficult to get reservations as there are only 12 seats around the bar.  it was fun to see the 3 chefs preparing the food. - as an amuse bouche, we had trumpet mushroom and pea greens;  my bf liked it but i found it a bit chewy. - also, beet puree with black olives, chanterelle mushrooms.  interesting blend of flavors. For the main dishes, we had: - black pepper biscuit with glaze, pork rind chip with sea salt.  Heavy but delicious. - Fluke sashimi with English pea puree, nori powder, pepperoncini, mustard oil.  My bf really liked this. - Beef carpaccio.  Interesting dish. Mine was a bit rubbery, my bf's was not. - Toasted brioche in a gruyere cheese broth with lemon confit, burnt onion powder, grilled onion.   -  onion souvis, hackleback caviar, poached egg, fingerlake chips. YUMMY. - orechiette pasta, tomato ragu, crawfish tails, chicken sausage, and charred asparagus.  Pretty good. - Grilled peterbrook trout, bacon puree, picked radish, bean salad, toasted peanuts and caper rind.  Good. - shaved frozen foie gras, riesling gelee, lychees, pine nut brittle.  Absolutely delicious. - lamb ribs spiced with cardamom, cinnamon, chili, along with leeks filled with chard, chives and greek yogurt, and rabe.  Really good.   - apricot sorbet, pie crumbs and bourbon molasses - blood orange granita with dehydrated almond cake, black sesame, and thai basil - loved this dessert and its different tastes. The service was really good, and they recommended some great wines to go with the food, including the 2008 sancerre jean paul picard.  Overall, I was really impressed, as there was no bad dish whatsoever amongst the 10, and there were some amazing dishes amongst them.  Highly recommended.
My second time here...delicious experience as always!
middle of the road, good but not great noodles. Pork buns are good (just be ready for some yummy pork fat). Ramen is good, salty (but isn't it always). However the joint as a whole lacked that "OMG, this is soooo good" feeling that would drive me back before trying other noodle places in the city.
Only a handful of dishes ever make me want to stand on top of my seat, assume a karate stance, and yell "SHAZZAAAMM!!!" To date, these dishes include: - Pan-seared foie gras at L'atelier de Joel Robouchon, Paris - Iranian Caviar at Iggy's, Singapore - Ankimo sushi at Ino Sushi, San Francisco You get the idea. Majorly tasty stuff that's generally really bad for your health. To my surprise, my experience at Momofuku made me want to assume the karate stance not once, but twice. The dishes: - The pork buns (the chicken simply doesn't offer the same fatty goodness) - The rice cakes (steamed, then lightly pan fried to give a beautiful crispy exterior, chewy interior, bathed in peking duck sauce and topped with sesame seeds and scallions) The ramen, however, I found was sub-par and simply didn't do it for me. Nice presentation, but no where near as tasty as the rich pork broth that Men Kui Tei offers.
I was so disappointed with this place. After all the great recommendations, I really expected better. The noodles were pretty good and the buns were great, but otherwise, the food was pretty mediocre and overpriced for what you get. The servers are pretty cool and the overall ambiance is very laid back, but this definitely was not gourmet food - not even ghetto gourmet!
Don't feel the need to write a long review for this one...but if you can get a reservation it is worth it if you got the $100 (or more for the pairing.) This is one of the best meals "expensive" meals I have had in awhile. If I am going to spend a lot on a meal I expect it to be an experience and this certainly was. Sometimes you get the wow factor, and the food is hit or miss, but everything here was well thought out and delicious. Best dishes: Deep fried short rib (wow) Pea soup with morels etc Shaved foie (of course) Not so fantacstic: Panna Cotta with avocado...I didn't have a problem with the combinations or anything else...I just am not a hue fan of panna cotta or this dish. Trout....really this was a good dish, just my least fav when compared with the others. In reality there is no point in rehashing as you have no choice in the matter....you get what they give you. For 11 dishes the servings were plentiful (was full, not stuffed though) and the pours on the pairing were bountiful as well. Yes, the chefs were dicks, but I didn't care as I was concentrating on the food. Go...if you can get lucky enough
I managed to get another reservation not long after my first one, it has just taken me a while to get around to Yelping it. The main problem the second time around was the small size of the portions. I mean, they were smaller than when I had been there the week before. There were 2 crawfish in the pea soup instead of 4; the short rib looked like one rib sliced in 3 rather than the 3 ribs on the bone that I had previously; there was much less foie gras but this actually worked because there was a better ratio of foie gras to lychee and reisling gelee.
On one of my trips to NY. My goal was to dine at all of David Chang's Restaurant. (mission accomplished) I knew that Ko would be the most difficult to get into. Of course a week before my trip I was on the online at work trying to see the green check mark, but was not successful before my vacation started. I was in AC during my vaca playing a slot machine at the borgata when I was finally able to get to pass the green check mark.  Thank goodness I had my CC on me so that I could confirm reservation OK, off to the food. When I finally made it here after anna got me pretty buzzed at Friends house, I had a pretty awesome meal.   Service and Food here is awesome.  Next time I have to try and land a lunch reservation.
I came here for my birthday this year and I have to say this was the most interesting eating experience and every foodie's dream! The meal included 12 courses that ranged from cucumber ice cream to shaved foie gras. If you've ever seen top chef, the way they present you the food is exactly like that! I'd have to admit it is definitely one of the priciest meal i've had, but if you're a foodie like me and is looking for a completely different dining experience with exceptional food...Momofuku Ko is definitely it! Reservation tip: You need to make an online account and make reservations online 1 month in advance! Spots go quick since they only serve about 12 people per time slot, so you need to get them within the first 10 minutes of the website opening!
Been here twice for the prix fix dinner menu priced at $125, which is hard to beat for the caliber of food. There fish with cream sauce and brown butter vinegar was the highlight of the night.
Hospital food? Nursing home cuisine? How do I do justice to the festival of blandness that was our evening at Momofuku Ko? Please, if you're going to spend serious money on omakase, do yourself a favor and go to Yasuda, Sushi of Gari, 15 East...or if you have an expense account, Masa....Momofuku Ko does not even begin to belong in their company. All the fish at Ko either tasted soupy or was devoid of flavor all together. The "hand torn" pasta? Soupy! The scallops? Dry! The egg? Soupy! And the creepy lychee fois gras dish was just a disgusting mess on a plate. Even the duck breast was far too rich for a Japanese omakase. Sigh... We debated leaving halfway through the charade, but stayed in hopes of finding something redeeming to validate the hype and the people who perpetuate it. There was nothing.   P.S. on a positive note, the compost cookies at Momofuku Milk are really the best in the world.
Holy Crap! This place was amazing! After a great Lily Allen performance we were looking for a place to eat. Passed Momofuku Noodle Bar and then it hit me, this is the place that i have always read about, and my wife said that there is always a long line of people trying to get it. it was about 11pm, and we just walked in and got a seat! we first started out with the chicken buns....damn, they were awesome! my wife had a fish dish that was great, but a little spicy for her. I would have eaten her whole dish, but i was really in the mood for noodles and ordered the Momofuku noodles and couldn't stop eating them. It was perfect, especially since it was soooo cold outside. I also ordered a red rice beer...another home run. the only downside was we were sitting near the entrance and that section has people sitting on either side, so when other people came in, they sat right across from us and the table is really narrow. but they were nice people, but slurping noodles can get a little splashy. overall....one of the best dining out experiences i have ever had!
A place that is not to be missed for the serious gourmand.  Fresh, innovative, sophisticated and just a whole lot of fun.  I found every dish very good and some outstanding.  The wine/sake pairing is thoughtfully crafted and a must for maximizing the dining experience here.  Service is timely and professional.  I like the simple decor featuring an open kitchen affording ample opportunities for interaction with the chefs.  Dare I say that the $100 for the dinner tasting menu represents a value?
After stalking the website for days, I finally found a coveted reservation. Was very very excited and thinking that it would be the highlight of my NYC trip. Turns out that it wasn't all that I'd hoped for. The menu is very seasonal. We had many dishes with a hint of fall's earthy, and sometimes robust favors. Not every dish resonated with me, especially the foie gras and mushroom tea, but I was impressed with the overall creativity of the dishes. They were impeccably created, and I really enjoyed watching the chefs work, even if I did not particularly enjoy the dish. With only twelve people eating, it was hard not to watch everyone else, and I felt a little awkward when I wasn't licking the plate clean like every diner around me. I didn't want to offend, but the server/host definitely gave me quizzical looks when they had to take my caviar laden egg away untouched. (I hate eggs!) All in all, Ko is an experience. It was fun to go, and honestly I was impressed with the dishes and inventiveness of the menu. It is pricey, however, and I'm not sure I will be spending that much again to only enjoy half of the courses.
Anyone who is giving this less than 4 stars doesn't know, like or understand good food.  David Chang is a master at combining food that you'd never expect to go together.  This meal was better than the one I had at L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon last month.  And he has countless Michelin Stars. I actually didn't have any trouble getting a reservation; the system is a little tedious but set-up your account in advance, be online a few minutes before 10am and click right away.  Don't try at 10:01 am, it'll be too late.  Plan in advance and you should be OK. The food was unreal.  12 courses of pure heaven.  Every bite better than the last.  Highlights for me were the spanish mackarel with beet puree, the smoked egg with caviar, sous vied onion and fingerling potato chips, and the toasted brioche with bone marrow and caramelized onion in a gruyere broth.  The hubby also really like the shaved foie gras dish that so many others have described here. As far as the price, $125 is expensive but $125 for a 12 course meal is actually very reasonable.   Yes, it's a splurge, but worth every penny and I hope to go back the next time I am in New York.
While I'm all for being wined at dined at a fancy, romantic fine dining restaurant - I would totally forgo the white tablecloths and embellishments for a meal at Momofuku Ko. The experience is just so raw and visceral, revolving around the food that's prepared diligently in front of you, and nothing more. Even without the strict dress code and waitstaff of 1,200 people waiting on hand and foot, Ko without a doubt deserves the 2 Michelin stars and less than gentle price tag. The bf and I visited on a Saturday evening to celebrate his birthday. Birthday dinner number 1, to be completely accurate. He is lucky, he knows. The reservation was not terribly difficult to secure online; with some planning and diligence, I was able to snatch a 8:40pm seating. Of course it is imperative that you come here with a reservation, as the 12 seat counter in the minimalistic and narrow restaurant would not even accommodate a single diner for walk-in. Upon prompt arrival for our seating, the bf and I were immediately seated in what I would say have to be the best seats in the house - the lone two seats at the short end of the L-shaped counter. We started with a bottle of the 2011 Veltliner Grüner, crisp and acidic, a fitting complement to many of the seafood centric dishes. Just about every single one of the 14 or so bites and courses we had were great, with a few being particularly fantastic. Standouts for me included the Maine lobster claw with peach, soft boiled egg with caviar on fingerling potato chips, shaved frozen foie gras with Riesling gelee, lychee and pine nut brittle, and roasted chicken. I can definitely see why the egg dish and shaved frozen foie gras are Chef Chang's signature and mainstays on the menu - the ingredients may be expected, perhaps even overdone at just about every upscale restaurant, but the preparation and combination of flavors and textures really make them shine above the rest. I was truly amazed by the texture of the frozen foie gras, which immediately melted together into a creamy mousse at the touch of the tongue. The slightly effervescent Riesling gelee was incredible as well, something that I would gladly have by the bucketful. The soft boiled egg was so delicate and finessed that it almost seemed illogical to pair with potato chips, but somehow under Chang's ingenuity, you really couldn't imagine having it any other way. The bf and I are both fans of the entire Momofuku empire, for the most part. While Ko exists in the same vein in terms of the casualness of the dining experience and whimsical takes on blending Asian flavors with classical technique, the level of execution and concept here is on a totally different level. I would gladly visit Ssam Bar to fill my belly, but Ko is where I'd go to be challenged and delighted by the chef's craft and creativity.
i'm not going to sit here and act like i remember each course  (although shaved foie with lychee gelee is forever burned on my brain), and i was not one of those guys who wrote every course down on my iPhone notepad like the dude next to me, so with that i'll say: ko lunch. worth it. do it. on top of the outrageous quality of the food, i loved the experience of sitting at the bar and watching the chefs at work. they were incredibly friendly and cool guys.  and contrary to my expectations, we left without being stuffed to the gills!
My dinner visit to the much touted Ko can be summed up in one word: SALTY... as in far too much salt. I appreciate the use of salt as much as anyone else, but I felt that nearly all of the dishes were inedible given how salty they were. My dining partner and I actually observed another customer returned the lamb chop for being too salty (and watched his face fall as he then received a similarly seasoned replacement). We started to get excited for palate cleanser and dessert but sadly, the palate cleanser was an onion ice cream with...salt. I'm giving two stars rather than one because there were 2 dishes that I actually really enjoyed: Pork belly and oyster in kimchi consomme and the smoked egg with caviar. Unfortunately, I don't think 2 good dishes make the trip to Ko even close to worthwhile, particularly not at the prices they charge or the difficulties around making a reservation.
Very hip, very diverse and interesting menu. I was surprised by how excellent the service was. The pork buns were absolute heavenly, and their seafood looked resplendent!
There is nothing more to be said. You have to just experience Momofuku Ko yourself. The 10+ courses for dinner were absolutely amazing however the only disappointing point was the dessert course. They created a peach dish with crushed cookies and white chocolate. I was expecting something a bit more rich and decadent, like many of the other dishes that preceded, but it sufficed. It was worth the $125+ tip. Orgasmic really.
I kinda feel like I just finished a book that got rave reviews but I just thought was ehhh. Maybe I didn't "get it?" First of all, the resy was like, ridiculously easy for me to get. I definitely wanted to love it, I really did. I updated my facebook status to "starving myself for Momofuku Ko tonight." It wasn't bad! But if my favorite thing all night was a fucking biscuit, it obviously didn't blow my mind. The foie gras was yummy, but I had to keep myself from thinking about the frozen meat shavings on my dessert so I wouldn't gag. All these people are complaining about how the staff didn't talk enough and I think it's crazy that in any other restaurant, we want to have as little personal interaction w/ the servers as possible, but David Chang turns us into desperate little groupies.
Can I rate this whole experience 4.9 stars!?!? How did I get the reservation?  I certainly did not sit on the website at the opening time.  I got lucky.  I checked the site in the early afternoon on a Thursday and there was one reservation left at 10pm the following Thursday. This place is super small.  I think only 12 people can fit in there at one time.  The entire meal took approximately 2 hours to complete.  The stools are slightly uncomfortable, but bearable. This meal was almost perfect!  Every course that was put in front of me tasted absolutely phenomenal.  Shaved foie gras, sweet breads, deep fried short rib, soft boiled egg with caviar, langostine, halibut and more.  On the taste of the food alone, I would rate this place 6 stars.  Each course was either delicate, decadent, refreshing,  unique and expertly prepared.  Sitting at the counter/bar, I was mesmerized by how intricately detailed the chefs were at creating each dish.   Because there are so many courses, there are a lot of changing plates and silverware.  In this tight little space, there always seems to be someone grabbing a plate from around your back.  It was slightly... slightly annoying.  Also, I got yelled at (exaggerating a little), for trying to help clean up my plate so the non-chef server would not have to reach around me.  After that.. I did not touch the plate after I finished eating each course. Be aware that there is no menu.  The chef's just make you whatever it is they are making that day.  I assume that the dishes change frequently.  I believe we had approximately 10 courses. As I left the restaurant, I was not full,  but I was completely satisfied. The tasting + drinks + tip was over $300 bucks.  It was certainly expensive, but well worth it if you are a food snob like me. If you have the cash and want a unique experience and can get a reservation, give it go.
If it's gonna be that hard to get a reservation here, the food, service, wine better be worth it....AND IT WAS. Get there now!
My first 2 michelin star restaurant and I LOVED IT! As many have reviewed and probably covered everything, I'll just highlight some tips and things I enjoyed... 1) Reservation process: This is online and can be booked within a 10 day window of your target date. The reservation pool is opened at 10am each morning. Entire restaurants seats up to 14 people, so you can only come in 2's and 4's. You will also be fined $150/pp if you cancel your reservation in less than 48 hrs or you don't make it. Fanciest place I ever ate, gotta pay even if you don't get to eat.   2) Seating: You'll sit at what looks like a bar and watch your meal be prepared for you. it's pretty cool, makes me feel like I'm in Japan being served fresh sushi. 3) Location: Oops, almost forgot, we couldn't find the place cause it literally camouflaged with NIGHT or I'm probably just an idiot.. Anywho, it has a dark exterior, but has a very distinct netted-like pattern... it has an orange tangerine at the door if that helps. 4) Food: can't remember all the courses, since I ate here last year actually - but I believe there's a set menu seasonally. Very creative ways of creating the food experience, which I really enjoyed. Everything was so artfully designed and created and you can really tell with every bite. Some of the plainest, most generic foods tasted SO fricking good. I think when you come to places like this, it's best to just to come hungry and expect to try very unconventional ways of cooking! Overall, one of the best meals of my life. Creative cooking, great food, great service, great chefs! Highly recommend!
This place is all about the pork.  They do have dishes that don't have pork but why bother when the pork is so darn good!  I had the pork buns (i.e., cucumber, pork, and sauce on a bun) and the pork ramen (which you wouldn't think would be a good idea for a hot summer night but it was) and it was all excellent.  The place is tiny and even with bar-type seating throughout, it can be a little wait.  But what place in NYC doesn't have a wait?
WTF, are you serious?  I paid $125 for this?  Yah, they use a lot of rare seasonal ingredients, yah, they have some pretty creative dishes, but that doesn't necessarily make it a good meal. Yes, I was just like the rest of you, staring at the reservation page at 9:59am, pressing the refresh button to score a spot.  TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT!  Even the two dishes that I was really looking forward to, the shaved foie gras and the poached egg w/ caviar, were only mediocre at best.  Way overrated and overhyped.
Really, really, really good food. Got reservations for a Thursday night. The wine list was good, and the servers were able to help us choose a good wine and beer for the courses. Then the food came. Holy hell. I won't give away everything, but the short rib and the egg were spectacular. Go. Now.
the food is good and the first 2 dish where interesting bat then it's all repeat and boring a bit ,he play very safe ,only go if you in to pork ,and money grow on trees way way over retired
for a creative, unmatched and enjoyable tasting menu, come here to Ko! i was lucky enough to meet the chef de cuisine and sous chef outside the restaurant (through some friends) and hit it off!  i was only in town for 5 days and gave them my info to let me know if there was any openings while i was around.  i got a text on a sunday morning to come in for lunch with my girlfriend at 1230.  SO GLAD I DID!!!! every tasting was prepared freshly right in front of us, in the 12 person bar seating.  we got to watch the masters go to work with their knives taking apart the fish we were about eat. all of the courses were delicious and introduced new flavors that i never even knew existed! i've got to say, the shaved foie gras w/ lychee and riesling was my favorite! next time i have a trip out to nyc, i will def have to prepare and come in to have another spectacular meal in this casual fine dining spot!
Finally got in for the $160 lunch menu. The $95 for the wine pairing is a bit too much, so my boyfriend and I got a bottle of excellent sparkling rose for $50, followed by a half bottle of a dry semi-fruity white for $48. (Surprisingly, a bottle didn't last us through 3 hours) Our reservation was at 12:45pm and we left around 3:45. (Man, eating until 4pm... wtf?) The place was small, chill, and I digged that. The chefs were non-communicative and spoke in a mumble, but the one that was on our side the most seemed nice enough. The food has been talked about quite a lot, so I will bullet notable food and my thoughts: 1) scrambled eggs poached in bacon dashi (bacon flavored broth - which amazingly conjured up smoked bacon...) paired with a bagel stuffed with bacon, cream, and chives. Comforting, different, and scrumptuous. 2) sweet corn and pickled chanterelle mushrooms in a creamed corn soup, topped with toasted nori. 3) creme fraiche rolled and lightly fried, topped with caviar - light, one bite, and heaven... 4) the infamous shaved foie gras with riesling jelly and lychee... odd. I was perplexed in the beginning, because it felt like frozen grease. The foie gras was salty, fatty, and melted LITERALLY in your mouth... It was very much a cerebral dish and I kind of got off on that. It wasn't an instant hit, but I grew to respect it with each subsequent bite... 5) the first few courses were literally two pieces of fish or a single oyster topped with caviar. The oyster, uni, raw shrimp were DELICIOUS. The sashimi was top tier, but I didn't really come to ko for simple kanpachi or fluke with a spritz of lemon and togarashi . I would have liked something more substantial. 6) Tomato and basil water with clams, squid, and bass, served over pickled daikon. Surprisingly subtle and hearty at the same time. One of my all time favorite dishes that was complex and not over the top. 7) Duck with glazed plum. My boyfriend thought that this dish was too big... delicious, but he would have rather gotten another additional dish and cut this serving in half. Although it would be nice to get an extra plate, the duck was DELICIOUS, tender, and really substantial. I liked that. I really appreciated this. All in all, yum... This is singlehandedly the most expensive meal I have ever paid for out of my own pocket. However, I would definitely want to do it again. One puzzling thing is that the dishes felt a bit schizophrenic for me. There was little cohesion through the whole meal.
I'm going to let you in on a secret (that I stole from another yelper) try going onto the site throughout the day and not just at 10am.  Since it is a $150 charge if you cancel a reservation within 24hrs, many people will cancel on Thursday afternoon if they have a weekend reservation.  I logged on at 2pm on a Thursday and BAM...just like that I had my Saturday night reservation.  Yea, first try ever!  Luck? Maybe. Now for the review. I'm going to use a highly overused word to describe the food....AMAZING.  The variety is great and the presentation is even better.  Dish by dish, each chef describes in detail exactly what they have prepared for you. Unfortunately, I have consumed enough alcohol to kill a small horse since I visited a couple of months ago, to give you any real details on what I ate but every dish was very tasty. The dishes are of very small proportions but you get so many of them that you actually walk out full.   The hype might be a little over blown but you do feel special when you are actually sitting in one of those coveted 12 seats.
It has been a few months since my dinner at Ko, and I realize that I've been procrastinating on this review. Procrastinating because I'm somewhat torn about my experience, just like I'm somewhat torn in my opinion of the mini-empire that David Chang has built in NY. Many of the dishes at Ko were lovely, well-executed, and balanced in flavor. I can see the theory behind this restaurant: great ingredients, new and interesting flavor combinations. Haute-cuisine for the masses, with minimal decor and service to keep prices down and made accessible by the lottery reservation system. Unfortunately though, the general mood of Ko wasn't about celebrating food... it was overwhelmingly, 'oh, aren't you SO lucky and cool to be eating here. We only have 12 seats, you know'. I guess I just really wish I loved my meal at Ko. The dishes themselves were tasty; between the various foie gras, truffle, and caviar-topped dishes, I certainly got the sense that I was getting my $125 worth of ingredients. My scallops were cooked to optimal doneness, the duck was seared perfectly. And yet... I've felt more joy coming out of a $5 Chinatown dumpling meal than this one. All the chefs moved about robotically, sharing nary an extra word with diners. Everyone spoke in reverent whispers, and a tourist couple who dared to venture in without reservations were laughed off the premises. 4 star food, 1 star subtracted for the elitist attitude.
I went here a couple of months ago, so fortunately for you (or unfortunately), I can't list and comment on everything I ate, but it seems the other reviews have that covered..... Just wanted to mention a couple of things though. Reservations - I've read some of those horror stories about people religiously logging on at 10:00AM every day, and not being successful until 6 months later. My heart goes out to those poor people. I'm one of those jammy b*stards who got one first time. Here's how: 1. Log on at 9:59 and start warming up your finger for it's first session of frantic mouse clicking. It looks back at you smugly, knowing that before you succeed it will become the Arnold Schwarzenegger of fingers. 2. Try and remember what you learned from Sensai Katayama at your karate class that week (you joined specifically to hone your reaction time - knowing that this would give you the necessary edge) 3. Mentally prepare yourself for 6 months of pain and heartache. 4. Make sure antidepressants are within reach. 5. Remember you want to make dinner reservations, so when the clock hits 10:00AM you go straight to the lunch page and start frantically refreshing the screen for approximately 10 seconds. 6. Realize you're not on the dinner page and scream "SH*T" at the top of your lungs. 7. Get a dirty look from your boss. 8. Call your girlfriend at her office to see if she has fared any better (you sent a daily reminder to her Outlook to "Make Momofuku Ko ressie!" before you left work last Friday) 9. Find out she's not doing any better, and agree with her about what "a stupid f*cking system" it is. 10. Absently go to dinner page and start refreshing the screen while she continues to rant. 11. See an available check mark. Click on it. Make reservation. Food Highlights - Everything we ate ranged from "very good" to "they must have laced this with crack". Here were the best bits - 1. Deep-fried short rib 2. Shaved foie gras over lychees 3. Soft shell crab 4. Fluke in buttermilk 4. Funnel cake Memorable moment - Eating my short rib while Rage Against the Machine were telling the system to go f*ck itself, because they weren't going to do what it told them. (I'm a bad boy too) I can't wait to go back there for the sixteen course lunch.......
Did not live up to all the hype, and I tried a bunch of different dishes while I was here. Everything sounded better on paper.   Service was so-so and they were completely unhelpful with providing suggestions / steering us clear from ordering nearly inedible dishes.
Let me start by saying that I'm a David Chang fan, so this might be somewhat biased. That said, I ate there last night (a Sunday) at a 10PM seating and it was possibly the best meal I have ever had.  That's after having been to Per Se, Jean Georges, Le Bernadin and a number of other very highly regarded  spots.   As I mentioned, I've eaten at Chang's other restaurants, so the decor and size of the place weren't in the least bit off-putting.  You sit at a counter and eat.  Deal with it. The food was absolutely incredible, starting with the chicharron all the way through the honey and bee-pollen sorbet.  Each course was perfectly cooked (practically right in front of you) and was amazing with the beverage pairing (spring for the extra $95 per person: it's worth it).   While it's really hard to say what my favorite course was, the spiced soup with langoustine, the smoked egg and caviar, and the short rib are the ones I keep thinking about this morning...but really, there wasn't one bad course. There wasn't even one average course.  Everything was fantastic. The only bad part was the guy sitting next to my wife who loved his meal SO much that he litterally wiped each plate - you can't make this up - with his fingers and licked them clean.  Dude, I get it that the food was good, and I get it that Ko is a pretty casual place, but really?  Dragging your finger through your empty plates and licking up the sauce?  Save that for dining at home... Funniest part of the night: right before the dessert course, the play list went from an old Beatles song to a hard hip-hop beat.  My wife goes, "is that Wu-Tang?" and sure enough it was.  Only in NYC can two people eat a $600 meal and listen to the Wu while doing it.  Classic.
This is a marathon, not a sprint. 20-odd courses ain't nothing to f*** with, so come hungry. I liked the intimate but casual feel of sitting at a bar, some dudes giving you a new plate every now and then. I wouldn't call this fine dining, but I would consider it an above average dining experience. There was a lot of variety (I'm sure you have to start getting creative after the 10th dish) in meats, flavors, textures, hot and cold dishes. I really enjoyed every dish. Even when the stretchy band of my skirt started to hurt, I couldn't stop eating.. The place was so hard to find at night. We walked past it once thinking the place was closed because we couldn't see any lights on. Don't be fooled; there is no window.
We had a great meal and experience here Monday night. Food was superb, service was friendly and on point. Wonderful to see the food preparation right in front of you, instead of behind the scenes. Highly recommend giving it a try. Three of our group had the sparkling wine pairings, and enjoyed the variety. No pictures allowed of course, but they were kind enough to email us the items on the menu and the wine pairings as well. Can't wait to go back. Now all we have to do is find the foie gras, freeze it, shave it, and put it on everything we eat. Thanks for a wonderful meal.
In general, I liked it.  I thought the majority of the dishes were good and there were several standout dishes, such as the smoked egg and the biscuit.  Also, the root beer sorbet and the pretzel panna cotta were amazing.  The remainder of the dishes were good, but not mind blowing. Am I glad I got a reservation and experienced dinner at Ko?  Yes.  Would I do it again?  Maybe in a year or two.
This is a long awaited review.  What can I say about Momofuku Ko?  I loved it.  The BEST dining experience I've ever had.  I'm crazy about things that are exclusive/hard to get.  So when I read about how difficult it was to get into KO, I said to myself, "it can't be that hard.  And if it is, it's my new mission to get into this place!"  To be honest, it's not that hard.  One shot, BOOM.  Reservation done.  It wasn't at the best time slot but you get what you can.  If all you're seeing is the 9 or 10 o'clock slots I suggest you grab that fast because it's totally worth holding off dinner for! Finding it was a little weird.  It's not a typical restaurant with a huge sign, it's a small caged-off looking spot that blends in with the wall of the building's exterior.  The door has a little spot where it's not caged and it shows Momofuku Ko's "Peach" symbol.  Enter and the staff begins their incredible service upon you.  It's a small space that only seats a few people in a bar like setting/table where you get to watch the cooks do their work, which I found cool.  I love seeing the work put into the food I'm about to eat.  Personally, I loved the atmosphere.  Sitting among people you don't know was pretty neat considering I like to observe people.  They don't allow pictures or anything like that to be taken inside the restaurant although as you can see from some reviewers they were able to sneak a few pictures.  I'm actually not sure if that rule still stands...like I said, this is a long awaited review.  When I say long...I mean LONG.  I had a friend recently go and our review was pretty similar so I'm sure mine still holds SOME value lol. The meal...oh the meal.  I remember going with my brother and he eats like a normal guy...A LOT.  Our first course came out and it was a TINY portion...I was mortified.  Not because it looked gross, or tasted awful, but because it was so small...I'm used to prix fixe menus so this was normal for me, but my brother on the other hand...I was kind of scared that by the end of the meal my brother would scold me about taking him to an expensive restaurant that gave out food portions meant for tiny animals.  BUT soon my fears went away.  Halfway into our meal I hear my brother telling me he's getting full and I'm starting to feel the same.  Each dish was amazing I can't even describe it.  Even if I did remember each dish I don't think I would tell you.  It's all part of the excitement in going and being surprised by your meal. The service was so amazing.  My brother was having allergies and he had to keep stepping away from the table to relieve his nasal congestion.  Every time he left, he would set his napkin somewhere and each time, a waitress would come up, fold it back to its normal state so it looked new every time my brother came back.  Now that's paying attention.  I can never get enough of good customer service. So in conclusion, do your best to get a reservation, work those fingers on your keypad and mouse lol and keep track of time.  Reservations go in seconds...LITERALLY.
My favorite "special occasion" restaurant in Manhattan. It's hard to describe the menu, which ranges from sushi, to ice cream with shaved foie gras, to chicken and dumpling soup. A few tips: -Go for the lunch, which is actually a larger, more diverse meal than dinner. -Do a half-drink pairing, which gets you a drink every other meal (trust me, it's plenty). -Be patient when making reservations. Their online system can be a bit of a pain, but again, it's worth it. -Forget your budget - this place is really expensive, but you really do get what you pay for.
i'm just happy that my friend who's very good at getting reservations at momofuku ko invited me here. food was amazing. even the stuff that wasn't amazing was better because it felt so goddamn exclusive.
Can we get a Momofuku Ko in Miami please!? What an amazing, exclusive experience.  Where else will you leave the restaurant knowing that about 30 other people had that same experience, and way more wanted it.   As I was being served every dish I kept notes on my cell phone of the descriptions, I didn't want to forget anything! My mom and I went on Christmas Eve and we had an unforgettable time.  We were served by 3 cooks, obviously passionate about the food, and not there to entertain anything but our palates.   The description of the dinner in my phone is about 100 words long for about 14 small courses. It was all amazing.  I wasn't as impressed by the shaved fois gras with pine nut brittle and lychee as everyone else seems to be, but it's the sheer uniqueness that just makes it worthwhile. Everything was either shocking, amazing, or both.   The only negative part of the dinner was the final 'course.'  It was a "buttermilk corn mint" that was reminiscent of listerine and it was, to put it in the words of Anthony Bourdain, a real thumb in the eye for coming. It was not delicious, but I have never had it before and I'm sure I'll never have it again, for better or for worse.
Overall it was interesting and unique dining experience.  Most dishes were very sophisticated and tasty, though there were some bland ones.  I think it is worth a visit but it did not make me want to go back for more.  I also find their reservation process a bit rediculous and annoying...
We really liked it! The most stressful part is logging onto the website at 9:59am to get reservations for next week. Dishes I really liked: * Smoked egg with caviar, fingerling potato chips, onion. * Squash cake with squash pastry cream, squash/olive oil ice cream * Handmade pasta with snail and chicken sausage and chicken skin * Shaved foie gras with lychee Everything else, I just liked quite a bit.
Momo is what my best friend calls me... Momo is what my sister has called me since I was little... Momo is the name of my masseuse in Roslyn... So what's more appropriate than to visit this highly acclaimed Michelin 2 star rated restaurant to take my best friend here for her birthday dinner, than having several "connections" to the word "Momo"? I can't think of anything... Momofuku Ko has what I consider to be, the most ridiculous over-pretentious reservation system that I've ever come across. I had a whopping 23 second window in order to secure my reservation for dinner in their "7 day revolving online reservation system" which must be done by YOU the diner. So what does that mean for us AMEX Concierge snobs out there? Put your Platinum & Centurion cards back in your wallet until your lucky ass is sitting in one of their 12 seats and you're ready to pay the bill with it. Which by the way, won't be cheap. But not Per Se expensive either. We walked in to what we thought was a packed-to-the-brim Momofuku Ko in addition to feeling great about being dressed in a tie-less suit and black dress, until the hostess walked over and inquired if I had a reservation, I told her we did for 2 @ 915pm, she then proceeds to say "this isn't Momofuku Ko, it's 5 doors down". Yeah we were at Momofuku Noodle Bar. So, we skeedaddled out, walked past Ko 3 times and finally found it. The door looks like a friggin' jail cell. We were greeted by the hostess/waitress who sat us down at which point we realized that we were OVER dressed. Oh well, we still looked damn good. Inside: -We specifically asked them to not have beef, pork or foie gras. My best friend wasn't served it throughout the evening, I was for some odd reason. = .5Yelp detraction -It was quite warm in there as you can almost TOUCH the ovens and stoves from your seat. :( -The chefs seemed quite bored throughout the evening, they were anti-social, stared at you awkwardly and weren't interactive with the diners as typically seen at a restaurant of this style, where you're sitting with the chefs. We also noticed them drinking beer casually from a plastic container LOL. They also didn't introduce themselves and did a sub-par job on introducing each course as it was given to us. +Someone's eclectic iPod was playing some interesting music which included the following: Beastie Boys - So What'cha Want, Notorious BIG - Hypnotize, 311 - All Mixed Up, Belinda Carlisle - Heaven is a Place on Earth, Toto - Africa, Tupac - How Do You Want It etc. = .5 Yelp Addition (+) Food Stuffs: + Phenomenal Cauliflower Soup with Spicy Ox Tail and Fresh Coriander. - Boring Mushroom with Lemon Confit + Interestingly sliced Longuyland Fluke with Cherry Peppers and black bean puree + A small 3 way sliced NJ Diver Scallop with Miso - Fair Beef Carpaccio with Wasabi Cream and Salty Tempura - Smooshy and gooey Uni with British Columbia Oyster (dashi) with overly chewy lettuce? - Overcooked Pork Belly with British Columbia Oyster and overly chewy lettuce? + Lightly cooked Egg with fingerling potato chops and Osetra Caviar + Carby Tortellini with pickled watermelon and fried mushroom + Yummy Steamed cod with corn velute and heirloom tomatoes + Buttery Wild Mushroom salad with pickled ginger puree + Super excellent uber fatty Lamb shank which was, yes, overly fatty, served with pickled layers of cucumber + Onion and Lavender ice cream with onion seltzer. Very nice notes of sea salt + Chinese steamed cake, tri star strawberry sorbet, fresh whip cream and fennel with black sesame balls. - Bland buttermilk corn and mint cake. Wine Stuffs: +++++ Laurent Perrier Rose NV 750ML. My best friend's favorite champagne, we walked in with it, they charged us $45 corkage fee. You may do the same thing I did, let the folks at Ko know ahead of time. Momofuku Ko = 3.3 Yelps rounded down = 3 Yelps. This has been a review by Gaurav
Yum. Yum, yum, and more yum. Follow the recommendations of Yelpers who enjoyed their food, and you probably won't go wrong. We were told to order the chicken steamed buns, the chicken/egg rice thing and the momofuku ramen. All were AMAZING. The steamed buns came with pieces of chicken that were somehow both suckling and tender, yet crispy. The thin slices of cucumber balanced the salty hoisin sauce spread on the bun. The chicken/egg rice dish was a deceivingly large amount of food.  The chicken was similar to that on the steamed buns and the perfectly cooked egg mixes with everything else to create a pretty damn good bowl of food. The momofuku ramen was the winner of them all. Perfect ramen noodles, well seasoned broth, pork cooked two ways, scallions, seaweed and lots of fresh peas, yum.  The tender shredded pork was just as good as the other style in the bowl. The noodles were cooked just right and the broth was good just to drink from the spoon. There was no wait for lunch, but the place was pretty full - the people there eat pretty quick and leave. The service was just enough, took our order, brought us water, then our food, then the bill - I don't really require much more. The place is so small, you could really flag someone down at any time if you really needed to. Good place to eat solo, or with a friend, not a big group. Would go back many times in the future.
My wife and I had lunch at Ko on a Friday afternoon, on our most recent trip to NYC. It was an amazing culinary experience from start to finish. The food was delicate, beautiful and delicious. Some of the courses were simply unreal. The staff was friendly and accommodating, and they answered all our questions in great detail. It was super fun to watch them prepare these intricate dishes and figure out how they were doing it. The chefs will be as engaging as you want them to be-- if you ask questions and show interest then they'll chat with you, but if you just want to sit and enjoy the food you'll be able to. Unless you're sitting next to some loud jerk. Which leads me to a couple points you should keep in mind if you want to eat at Ko: 1. Lunch is BIG. Seriously, one of the longest and largest meals you will ever eat. It might not be the most food pound-for-pound you'll ever eat. But the sheer number of courses and length of time that this meal takes will leave you completely stuffed. Of course, pacing has a lot to do with it. If you can keep eating and not take big breaks, you'll probably be okay. However-- your pacing is largely dictated by the people around you, as the chefs create each course six plates at a time and serve them to all six people at once. If your neighbors are slow, you're in for an extra long meal. This brings me to my next point: 2. Your overall experience at Ko will be heavily influenced by the people you are sitting with. The restaurant only seats twelve people and you're all sitting at a bar surrounding the small open kitchen. With the length of the meal, the cozy atmosphere, and the six-at-a-time plating, you are guaranteed to fall in sync with the people around you and get sucked into their small-talk. If you're with friends, or at least people who enjoy and appreciate the food, great. In our case, we were grouped with a few people with severe dietary restrictions who were terribly slow eaters, nosy and loud, and flat-out rude to the staff. One guy took a phone call in the middle of the meal, at the table (they have a no pictures or phones policy, but only seem to care about the pictures). Another loudly criticized NYC restaurants, stating that the only good restaurants are in Spain or France, and nobody here deserves their Michelin stars. Dude, you are inches from a two-star NYC chef who is creating amazing food. Get off your phone, stop talking shit and enjoy it so we can all move on to the next course. Obviously the issues we had weren't in any way the fault of the staff at Ko. They did an amazing job and I'm truly glad we went. Just keep in mind that it's a very intimate, very long experience, and be prepared for it. The food is worth it. If we ever went back, we would do dinner and try to go with at least four people. It would have made a much smoother experience.
They should call it mmmmmmomofuku. Please just try the pork buns or the duck buns. Try the brussel sprouts. Try the pork neck ramen. Note the human sized pots filled with delicious broth which will end up in your ramen. It is places like Momofuku that make you glad that you are alive.
This was an amazing experience. I have never had so many tastes, textures, courses in my life. Totally worth every dime. However, I did have to accept there were some dishes I didn't love, especially in the appetizer rounds. There were 2 dishes for example that I'm sure were lovEly but I just couldn't get past texture. There were several raw dishes in a row that eventually made me long for cooked food. They were good, just not to my taste (eg choosing brinier oysters over something like kunamotos...). Once I realized that's just how this works I was like sweet, let's do this. The second half of the meal (read 1.5 hours in) it was win after win after win. Solid desert finish and I'm effing impressed. I don't think I would rush to do it again but I don't regret a single penny spent.
WOW! I left Ko in a state of blissful euphoria. A super happy food high. I could not imagine eating anything else the rest of my life but my 10 course meal at Ko, over and over again. The next day I felt indulged, content with a little secret.  Exclusive, un pretentious. My little hideaway piece of heaven. I intended to leave this review as minimal as possible, but there are a few things I want to state after reading other reviews: 1) Don't come here if you are iffy about the way things taste. If something doesn't sit right on your tongue, do you want to spit it out? Or do you move it around your mouth and try to figure out how it works? If the latter, make a reservation immediately. 2) This place has a "gimmick" that most people miss. It's purpose is to turn something ordinary and routine into a mind blowing revolution. Example: My favorite dish was the Bone Marrow toast in Gruyere soup- a stylized fondue though not creamy or dairy filled.  Completely normal in it's components but  brain wracking in it's execution.
We had the Steam buns with Berkshire Pork for appetizer and Tsukemen which is dipping broth, chilled noodles, shredded Berkshire Pork and poached egg. It was really crowded but we managed to get seats. The restaurant is very small, everyone sits at the counter overlooking the open concept kitchen. We like the Berkshire Pork alot, very nice taste, so delicious. Apparently their pricing has gone up and ingredients has gotten lesser.
Wow. So 2 months to get a reservation for lunch? This place had a lot to live up to. Each dish was so unique, and the meal was pretty diverse and honestly kept you guessing. As mentioned, there is no menu. You have no idea how many courses there are, let alone how many amuses there are. It was honestly a dining experience of my life. Favorites wagu beef with turnip greens and whole grain mustard, paired with unit and mushrooms. I think I died. dikon tortelloni with caramelized onions in the middle in an oxtail broth with bean sprouts. (Am I crazy or does that sound like a deconstructed pho?!) all of the crudo for amuses, so many pairings. my favorite in particular was a scallop with forbidden black rice on top. raviolo with filled masutake mushrooms in a mushroom broth. paired with mushroom tea. crispy pork fat rice that was served with a duck meatball, bento box dish. yum! shaved foie gras over lychee Didn't think much of dessert, but I really wasn't expecting anything of it. Could hardly finish it there were so many courses. One dish that I wasn't too impressed with was a couple of the amuses, they were nothing special. We decided to get the meal along with the wine pairing. I was honestly thinking maybe 6-7 glasses. Huge mistake, more like 18. I'm a 109 pound Asian girl, and I can usually hold my drink. But with sake, beer, and sherry? By the end of the meal I was hammered and could only finish half of each incoming drink. I will never forget my meal at Momofuku Ko, but skip the wine pairing and order a couple of glasses. Enjoy the experience and live it up. Oh and come hungry, you will be so stuffed by the end of it. They even gave us a nagiri to go! So freakin' delicious later that night.
Best after 2pm for lunch. Highly recommend the fried green tomato salad, especially if you like food on the sour-salty end. Delicately sour, beautifully fried green tomatoes sit atop a yummy pool of marinated white anchovies and kimchi; perfect for summer. Also, definitely don't skip the pork buns--never tasted one so good. Loved the contrast between spongy bun, tasty tender pork and crunchy cucumbers! Great place to go with a buddy but not a crowd, even though they are very nice and try to accommodate.
If you're ever in NY, you HAVE to go to Momofuku. I'm being serious! It may be a noodle shop but the real deal are the non-noodle items on their menu. They have these irresistible pork buns that are to die for. They're like crack there soooo addictive. Juicy tender shredded Berkshire pork with a sweet sauce on an open face rice bun. It's sooo good, I'm drooling thinking about it. Another amazing dish is there sashimi fluke with pickled watermelon. YES, pickled watermelon! Who would have ever thought that picked watermelon and sashimi go hand in hand. It was so refreshing on a hot summer day. Another fav dish that was just bursting with flavors was their grilled octopus. I'm thinking I should hop on a plane right now just so that I have have Momofuku for dinner. David Chang you're a ROCK STAR chef! Can you please open up a noodle place here in Seattle? Awesome side note: I was in NY in June and came back in late July and they remembered me. Hello? I don't even live in NY and given that 20 million other people live there, I was really impressed!
David Chang call me, I'm your long lost half sister from another mother. We can have a nice reunion at Ko anytime.
Stopped in over the weekend for a "snack", albeit an expensive snack, definitely worth every penny. Sat at the bar, the bartender was friendly, knowledgeable and generally  interested in talking to us and other patrons. - Pork buns are hands down the best in the city, perfectly balanced - Uni dish was fresh and unique - and as described by the bartender, the duck sandwich was "f'ing awesome" Gorgeous restaurant, great vibe, impeccable food all without being pretentious
Menu changes seasonally.  Heritage pork lives here full-time.  Pork buns, razor clams, and soft-shell crabs absolutely kill.  Prepare to wait.  It seats about 25 and it can be a chilly wait in the winter.  Only $10-15 corkage if you want to bring your own wine.
Don 't believe the hype!  Stay away!  Caution!  We waited forty minutes for the ramen and ended with $50 less and a HUGE disappointment.  I read the New York mag review and salivated at the thought of the yummy pork.  I ignored Yelp reviewers who bared bad reviews, thinking, they must have been the exception.  We both ordered the pork neck ramen and what the heck!  who  wrote that it "melted in your mouth" is a LIAR!  The pork was so dry that I had to force it down. The broth was passable, but not what one would expect for ramen. I do expect to pay more for ambience, but this place had none, and they charge $13 for ramen, and $9 for beer!  One oyster goes for $3 here!  On a good note, I am giving Momofuku two stars because the pork bun was delicious!  But at $9, I felt like I was robbed. There are plenty of yummy ramen places in the East Village to choosse from.  Save your time and money and stay away. 1/27/08  I came back.  I had to.  I love the hype and had to try this place again.  The new location is tons better than the old and we got a regular seat.  the place was packed as usual- I had to wait 30 minutes this time.  Tried the Momofuku noodles and it was sooo good.  This is what I expect from raman.  I wanted to slurp the remaining bits from the bowl.  Also tried the oysters, which I would not recommend.  Instead, just suck salt water and you get the same effect.  My friend had the duck appetizer which was excellent.  For my money, I would stick with the Momofuku noodles and the pork buns.  And oh yeah, I was elated to see David Chang traverse from the kitchen, probably to get some air.  That was great.
Michelin 2 star restaurant. Food is decent. It's more of a 1 star instead of 2 star in my opinion. Can only host 12 people at the counter at a time.
i arrived at JFK and caught a cab to my new home in East Village, just around the corner from Momofuku. If the waiter just knew what i had been through i don;t think he would of been as pushy or as rude. We were FREAKIN STARRRRRVING because we hadn;t eaten properly on the 13hr or so flight here. So we walked in, sat down and I promptly tried to ordered before i was taken back by a rude "UHH i asked you what you wanted to drink, take it easy." yeah ok whatever loser. The pork ramen was way too salty and i left feeling more dehydrated even after the glasses of water i drank. I think we were taking our time eating the bowl of ramen and even though my partner finished i was stil going. The waiter was really pushy and wanted to take our bowls away, i had about half the bowl left. Maybe we aren't hip or goodlooking enough so they wanted us out.. Anyways. So much hype around this place that is crudely and rudely overpriced. People should smile more also.
The quality of the food matches the prices appropriately: Around $15 ramen and $9 buns are worth their flavor and portions, and my stomach has left Momofuku unsatisfied.  The four stars, however, is the price you pay for the actual location: It's relatively small, the seats are cramped (which isn't altogether bad, but isn't particularly ideal) and most importantly, it takes forever to get seating at a reasonable hour.  At the very least, I would recommend that one try Chang & Co.'s fairly unique flavorful setup, but I can't imagine myself waiting 30 minutes for a seat in the future (especially with an assortment of Japanese options in the area).
SO DELICIOUS!!!! Definitely do not make a habit of coming here, as it is super expensive.  However, my experience here was pleasant, and the staff went out of their way to make sure you were enjoying yourself. Come here to celebrate being alive with friends.
Soggy noodles. No flavor. Does not taste anything like what you expect from a Japanese noodle bar. Very disappointed. Lived in Tokyo for 2 years and can honestly say I have never come across any noodles there that taste as bad as the ones you get at Momofuku. Yuck. What a waste of time and waste of stomach real estate. You can't even pay me to go there again. The hype about this place is just that, hype. All sizzle, no steak.
This is the top 3 restaurants I've been to! Tasting menu only, bottle of wine total with tip and tax came out to $400.  Come here if you are a baller or have a special celebration b/c it's not cheap! .... but the food was amazing .  12 courses   Umi panna cotta with broccoli tempura, poached egg w caviar w water chestnuts, beef tongue w cavateli, cauliflower soup w/ roasted brussel sprouts, etc.  the desserts were 2 and some type of parsnip ice cream w/ hazelnut chunks.  The biggest problem with the restaurant was that there wasn't enough food on every dish!  i wanted to eat so much more especially of that umi panna cotta.  But if you have a big appetite don't worry, you'll still leave full (not busting full but enough)
Sweet ambiance, attentive cooks (they constantly taste what they're making), great design/architecture, mediocre ramen.  Today I had the shredded pork ramen, and all I got was mildly tasty pork in a nearly flavorless broth with some decent noodles.  I've had better, for half the price.
AMAZING FOOOD!  One of my homies Izzy got a reservation and took me here for my bday. The staff were super nice and I liked about 6 or 7 out of the 10 dishes.  The most memorable and amazing being the Shaved Foie Gras, Lychee, Pine Nut Brittles, and Grape Wine Gelee...wow...that dish blew my mind.  And I'm desperately craving for it. I remember the Half boiled egg, with caviar and little chips and this potato soup and the honey ice cream was soo heavenly. Thank you bel, for such an amazing meal!!
This place is fantastic. One of my favorite noodle restaurants. The bar in back booker and Dax is allot of fun. Great drinks and vibe. The pork buns are the real deal.
Ko was amazing...  Once you finally get a reservation (it took us 6 months and we're back to trying for a second) I won't go into too many details: Service: solid Decor: none really to speak of Food: Just sit back and enjoy the ride
The pork bun is delicious; you hardly notice the fat because it just melts in with the meat.  The pork in the momofuku ramen is equally delicious.  I enjoyed the addition of the poached egg; I don't mix and stir my ramen as if I were eating bi bim bap so I had no problems with the egg.  The broth is salty and rich with pork fat and on top of that the ramen itself is distinctly salty.  However for me the combination of the saltiness and the very rich broth was too overwhelming.  I was only perhaps 10% into it when I felt that taking another bite might cause me to vomit right then and there. I do really like the place; it is darkly lit, cozy and clean, and I do like eating while facing a wall.  Sometimes you have to get the staff's attention but the ones on duty when I went were friendly and reliable.  If I were in the mood for ramen I probably wouldn't come here; though I would come back for their non-ramen items. 4 (pork buns) - 2 (ramen) + 0.5 (ambiance) = 2.5 stars
All I can say Ko GO I think we had about 18 courses went for lunch cost me about 700 for lunch for 2 would do it again tomorrow Try it !!!!!
2 stars: regular ramen 4 stars: pork bun sandwiches total score: 3 stars! The ramen was a little beneath ok. It was super salty and I personally didn't like the noodles they used (those are more used in korean style noodle soups/stews). Though I did like all the little fixings they put (seaweed, bamboo shoots, green onions, etc). Though the bowl looks small, that is some DENSE ramen you will be eating so be careful. I really like the pork sandwich - the pork is tender, which is layered over sliced cucumbers with a dash of oyster sauce. Simple but delicious! Don't forget to down that cup of water before you leave, your mouth will thank you, oh about 15 min after you leave the restaurant.
Pros: 1. didn't leave hungry 2. caviar inside poached egg is what I'd like for brunch from now on 3. animal cracker ice cream/peach soda is a nice fun ending 4. foie gras & riesling jelly & lychee & pine nut brittle served in one plate is pretty awesome and not over-rated. (although, frozen and shaved internal organ & fat is a pretty gross idea...) Cons: 1. some dishes were wayyyyy too salty 2. less than 50% of the 10+ courses served were exceptional, I was expecting a little more than that from Ko. If I were rating this restaurant in the $150/person tier, 3 stars would be a generous review.
After hearing so many good things about this place, I was dying to try it.  I had the vegetable and ginger noodles with spicy pickles - it was very yummy.  How can ramen not be yummy?  They gave you 5 different types of pickles that were quite delicious.  We lucked out because we went at 7:30 and there wasn't a wait at all.  But, once we left around 8:30, there were lines out the door.  I loved the cheap eats, but I'm not sure that I would want to wait an hour for it.  Plus, the wait staff, while really nice, really try to push you out the door once you've eaten.  The homemade soft serve ice cream is to die for!
At this price it's a little hard to justify the food and the experience.  High-high's and low-low's.  Go if you're dying to see what it's like - skip it otherwise. Our Experience:  "No photos, no photos, no photos" - spoken 3 times by the Chef de Cuisine when I tried to snap a photo of a dish;  that's how he welcomed us... in fact, throughout the night the staff will give you a feeling of indifference. 1 outrageously memorable dish (shaved fois gras over lychee and caramel/peanut brittle) and a couple real winners, the rest... somewhat underwhelming. Prix fix with the drink pairing will land you around $500-600 per couple - served with attitude and indifference.  Go to Momofuku instead.
I've been twice, once for dinner and once for lunch.  Both times we did the drink pairings, which I'd strongly reccommend.  We had so many things, it's hard to remember everything we ate.  One that really stands out though is the smoked soft boiled egg with caviar.  This dish was fantastic!!!  Quite possibly the best thig I've ever had, or atleast in the top 5.  If I could walk in and order just this dish, I'd be moving in next door.  Go here, it's an experience... and worth every penny
What a wonderful surprise and way to wrap up V-day weekend.  x3 When I sat there waiting for my dishes to come out, my taste buds were salivating in anticipation of the next delicious morsel to hit my tongue. I wished the food would keep coming... Such as amazing and exclusive dining experience, something you need to try in your life.  It is fine dining, all the ingredients are seasonal, fresh, and compliment each other perfectly. I loved all the creations the chefs put together and I enjoyed having the opportunity to watch them cook and prepare meals in front of me.   I can't begin to describe the 12 dishes I was served, the menu does change every 3 months so you'll always have something seasonal and unique.   Don't come here when you're starving, each dish is small and unique.  At the end of the meal, you will feel satisfied but not full.   Would love to come back and try another seasonal dinner as well as their lunch menu.
Just 12 seats and one helluva meal. Lucked into a 10 p.m. ressie which turned out to be my favorite dinner of 2012. HIghlights were the famous standards: smoked soft-boiled egg with caviar and potato chips, and the mountain of shaved foie gras with lychee, riesling gelee and pine nut brittle. The beverage pairings were intriguing and the place was downright fun. Easily one of the best restaurants in the USA.
The best neighborhood noodle shop. If I work from home, I make it a point to get the pork ramen. It is a perfect dish. Lines can get super long but the wait is worth it. Try the chicken wings, you won't be sorry. Update: Have the milky, cloudly cold sake. You won't be sorry.
What a great meal. The atmosphere is fun and easy going; the chefs are helpful and easy to talk to; and the food is surprising, fresh, and tasty. Save up and do it!
Busy little ramen shop.  Never thought I could get full off a bowl of Ramen until now.  The portions are huge.  It's a bit overpriced but you do leave fullfilled.  We had the Pork Buns to start which came as a pair and were very tasty.   For main dish we ordered the Kim Chi Stew which was very flavorful.  It included braised Kim Chi, shredded pork and other unidentifiable things.  It was spicy but not overly spicy and the Kim Chi didn't overpower the other blend of flavors.  The broth was extremely tasty.  It was large enough that the leftovers from it will probably give us another 2 meals.   The Momofuku Ramen was also very flavorful.  The noodles were cooked just right.  The blend of ingredients, roasted and shredded pork, scallions, fish cakes, egg, etc made for a great meal.   Service was friendly and fast once seated.  The waiters looked very busy navigating the tiny space.  I would definitely return here again.   Of note: I have yet to try the other Ramen shops in the area so I can't really compare yet.
What a fun little adventure for my taste-buds! There were so many things I tried and loved that I would have never tried or loved in any other setting, duck heart, beef tongue etc... I didn't always want to know what I was eating, but I loved everything I ate. This was of my favorite culinary experiences so far. And I was introduced to my favorite beer here, the Baladin Nora.
I finally checked out this local neighborhood joint after months of living in the area. We went here for a fairly early Friday dinner. And of course, there was a line. However, the wait wasn't too long for 2. It's a cozy restaurant (but I'm told that the old location 3 doors down was even cozier) and difficult to manuever around the tables. He ordered a bottle of Hitachino white ale (I love the bottle design). We had pork steamed buns to share. A few good bites. I am now in love with Berkshire pork. I had the Momofuku ramen. Nothing special about the ramen... but oh the pork. I love thee. I still prefer the chewier texture of Ramen Setagaya. He ordered the oxtail soup and it came with rice cakes and rice. The only dessert item on the menu was soft serve cream cheese ice cream. It came in a cone with a few chunks of carrot cake crumble at the bottom of the cone. The flavor was very interesting - not sweet at all - and reminded us of a Japanese cheesecake. It was unique, but we're probably not going to order that again. It was a very filling meal and perfect for a chilly winter evening.
Everything is delicious but my favorite part (besides the pork buns) is how much integrity the place has. And by integrity I don't mean that the dishes cling to tradition; if you want traditional ramen, you can go elsewhere. What I mean is that the food, the ambiance, and the music are all the product of someone's uncompromising vision and they all work together to create a singular, and delicious, experience.
F'n Stupendous. Contrary to a few other reviewers, we found the staff welcoming and attentive. They took great care of us. I will say that the chefs were not overly chatty or friendly, but there was also this guy next to us who kept peppering them with idiot questions the whole night. How many courses are there? I kind of lost track. Eight? Ten? There wasn't a single dud the whole evening. Every little plate was perfect. My favorites were the soft boiled egg & caviar with the crunchy bits. And the shaved foie gras on top of the lychee and the Riesling gelatin. Oh, and the lamb belly. Oh. My. I'd also recommend the wine/sake pairing option as well. We did the lowly $50 version and everything was spot on for the most part. So, people who think the experience falls short to Jean-Georges or Daniel... I am more than happy to take your reservation for Ko. (I like to eat at the bar and watch the kitchen so maybe I'm just an oddball)
Great, flavorful ramen soups.  Only one complaint, after trying the pork buns for the first time, I was in heaven.  My mouth was salivating for the next set of buns, only to be sorely disappointed that they were not as succulent, moist as the first time.  I could barely finish the second bun.  But their ramens always hit the spot!
Coming full circle now to re-review Ko, my first Yelp review, which I re-visited exactly one year to the day after my first visit, this time for the $125, 11-course dinner. New relationship, different occasion, and the whole thing made all the sweeter by the sweet parking spot we got right around the corner just moments before our schedule reservation. Haters, you have every right to hate. I don't begrudge you. I hate all over this thing. And D. Chang is now rich and powerful, so he probably needs to be taken down. But not by me. The best reason I can probably give for a visit to Ko (this is for the gents) is that IT WILL SO TOTALLY GET YOU LAID! On the other hand, if it doesn't get you laid, it will indicate a severe personality flaw you might otherwise have missed or made excuses for. Seek therapy in that case, because an 11 course gourmet dinner at a tiny trendy speak-easy-esque restaurant of the moment where it's near-impossible to get reservations definitely makes you doable for the average selfish gene. My favorite dishes this time: the frozen, shaved foie gras over peanut brittle and lychee gel as usual, the spicy tortellini things, the carpaccio thing, and the so-succulent lamb chop main course thing. Honorable mention: one of the appetizers, the most delicious single Brussels sprout leaf I've ever consumed. Weird moment of the evening: onion ice cream? Yeah, I know, not so informative, but who can remember 11 courses? And who can understand what the hell the disinterested asshole chefs are saying when they explain what you're eating with words you can't identify much less hear over the ambient music (excellent, by the way)? It hardly matters since they menu will likely have changed by the time you get a reservation. Except for the foie gras. Mmmmm. Sorry, geese. No photos allowed.
The bun - chicken or mushroom are excellent. The ramen noodle is as smooth as the raw sake slipping down the throat.  The clean and simple design of the tight space and communal table at the end is chic and appropriate with the menu and presentation of the food.
David Chang is on point with this wonderful 12-seat East Village gem.  The menu is not announced ahead of time, but the staff asked twice about food allergies and dietary restrictions.  Once when they call to confirm and once again when you are seated. The space is great. A bar that faces the stoves and ovens, which are manned by three chefs who are happy to talk to you about what you are eating and answer any questions.  A nice spot for foodies to chat it up with some NYC restaurant pros.  Although you are seated at the bar, the stools are comfortably spaced. The stools are sturdy and padded, so even bigger patrons, like me, are very comfortable. Despite being so close to the heat sources, I felt comfortable wearing a suit and tie during the entire meal, and I am sensitive to warm restaurants.   Service was superb and attentive, without being intrusive. Floor staff swooped in to silently replace dropped napkins, clear plates and refill beverages. 10 courses, plus three amuses, hit a wide range of flavors and textures. Every course offered a little something different. Highlights included makerel, served with shallot and cress; Matsutake broth over raw scallop, thinly sliced asian pear, and white truffle (try and get all components in one bite for the full effect); grated foie gras over lychee and pine nuts; soft boiled egg with caviar and homemade potato chips. Dessert included a deconstructed carrot cake which was tremendous. I elected to go with the beverage pairings, which included mostly sparkling wines, with a pear cider and a weissebier mixed in.  Beverages complemented the courses and even showed some creativity: madeira was mixed with rodenbacher sour ale; Averell gin was mixed with bitters and gin for a great opening cocktail.   No need to take notes: you are presented with the menu at the end of the meal, which includes the pairings. Dinner was $125, Beverage pairings $105. Tax and a 20% tip take you to $300 per person.  Worth the price.
I was lucky enough to score a reservation here for a birthday dinner a couple of years ago. There are no words to describe how crazy amazing the meal was. I love how the restaurant is a little hidden and only seats only a few other people. Was it 10? I forget. Anyways, the chefs prepare the food in front of you and present it like works of art. My only complaint was that they would not allow photos, but I can see why. This place is great for really special occasions. Highly recommend it. Just be patient with trying to get a reservation.
Good and certainly inventive, but a bit overrated. I was able to recreate the rice cakes dish I had without much trouble and have had tastier things in authentic Asian restaurants. It is classed up for snobbier tastes.
Tried for two weeks to get a reservation at a decent dinner timing before 7.30pm. I was determined to get a booking at dinner-optimal time for maximum enjoyment, so I waited and checked back regularly. Thankful I snagged a 7.15pm reservation from someone who cancelled at the last minute. The food was like eating little pieces of art in a small private museum that was not crowded with decor but made the focus mainly about the food. I looked over at other guests who chose the wine-pairing option. The waiter's attention to detail and description of how each dish paired with the type of wine served was pretty impressive. I have little appreciation or tolerance for alcohol so I stole a few sips from my friend when the seafood dishes came. As a foodie, what made the dining experience more enjoyable was how each serving chef described the preparation style of each dish as they served. I was fortunate to have the seat in front of the really friendly sous chef. Forgot his name unfortunately. He was kind enough to further explain the cooking method of some of the dishes when I asked. One question was how the beef looked so red yet cooked to medium doneness. We thought it would be a simple answer, but he explained with enthusiasm the whole sous-vide and grille method. He even showed us the whole flowers from our carrot cake and shared where they came from. I appreciated the pride the chefs had in their food preparation and freshness.
It was tasty, but WAY too salty for me. Now, maybe this is good for the typical palate, but I really have a problem with the super salty food that most restaurants seem to be making lately. Then again, maybe I'm just getting old. This place has good noodles, great toppings, but salty soup. Depending on how much soup you plan to consume, this may not even make a difference. I wouldn't go back.
I found the broth to my noodle soup to be very salty and overpowering. I love korean food, so I expected something very different - more authentic somehow? Instead, I found the noodles to be gluey and the broth too strong. Also, the seating in this tiny restaurant is so uncomfortable and crowded. I felt like I was practically sitting in my neighgbor's lap! I definitely think this was an interesting experience, but if you are looking for a cheaper, tastier version of korean noodle soup, go to K-town!
The meal and experience at Momofuku Ko was probably the best I've ever had. Officially making this spot my first dinner on a week long vacation, I already knew coming into the meal that all the rest of the food I'll eat for the rest of the week (probably year) will never compare. The gf and I came here for my birthday dinner. I figured, might as well start off a weeklong birthday adventure with a fantastic meal. We were not let down. The experience overall was great, I guess if you've read some reviews you know that the seating may get uncomfortable after a few hours, but the food completely makes up for any discomfort. I was fine. The staff was very accommodating on my peanut food allergy, and made sure that there were no nuts present in every course. It worked in my favor as some of the non-scripted courses were actually very delicious and prepared as ever so delicately as the rest of the menu. I'll spare you the details on what courses were served, as the menu is not on me at the moment, but the highlights were (in no particular order) the shaved fois gras, soft boiled egg with caviar, corn agnolotti, and of course the carrot cake which is my favorite cake of all time, and which was served with a candle on top. Spectacular. My only let down on the whole experience, which will still not tempt me from deducting one star, is that they served a San Francisco native sourdough bread with dinner. They did not succeed. The bread was not sour enough and burnt on the edges. We all know where to get real sourdough. That's in SF. You came close, but no cigar there David Chang.
For what it's worth, Momofoku has moved up the street to 171 First Ave.  It's literally a few storefronts away, and is about twice as large.  It's still crowded, but much more tolerable. This place is great to go to in the winter when you really don't mind the inevitable body heat and the fact that you are going to be filling yourself up with warm, tasty, slithery noodles.  Now that the restaurant has expanded and there's no longer a need to wait outside (you can wait inside, and you get seated much faster anyway) it's actually tolerable to go there in cold weather, too. For appetizers, make sure you get the pork buns or the octopus salad.
What can I say?  All my Asian friends hate the place and all my non-Asian friends think it is fab.  So this is the American version of Asian food made for American taste.
Somehow managed to snag a reservation for a Sunday lunch here to celebrate my promotion. We were lucky enough to get the two edge seats, which meant we had a ton of wiggle room in this otherwise TINY place. I was personally impressed with the careful attention to detail exhibited by the chefs. Every single course was crafted and plated so carefully, I had to hold my sneeze not to disturb them. And of the 16 dishes which we were served, 13 of them were beyond amazing. To the point where I could say I've never experienced this class of flavors before. Some standouts: Atlantic char, lobster tail, scallops, and slow-cooked trout. I'll be dreaming about these for a while... So why not five stars? The biggest let down was the fact that they didn't allow us to take pictures. As I was taking a shot of my wife enjoying a delicious piece of scallop, the waiter with his over-sized, loose-hanging specs politely told me that I can keep that photo, but that I couldn't take anymore. Ummm.... wtf!? I thought this place was more casual. Definitely ruined my experience. And then there were 3 of the 16 dishes which I was not really pleased with. The caviar with grated smoked duck and sweet potato -- the flavors just didn't work for me at all! The foie gras with riesling jelly was borderline nauseating. And I really wanted to like the beef tartar (I normally love this stuff), but the watercress puree really put me off. If I come to a frou frou place and pay $175 for lunch, I expect to like every dish and because the lighting was so good, I expect to be able to take pictures. Or at least an explanation as to why this is not permitted.
Ate here for a graduation dinner - all I can say is wow. Celebrity Chef, David Chang is amazing. I have to say the service was great, atmosphere was cool, and the food was top notch quality. I will definitely be coming back for the cool flavor combinations. Perfect spot for a special occasion. Great service too!
The girlfriend took me to Momofuku Ko for my birthday and if I could give it six stars, I would. We are both foodies and have eaten at Per Se, French Laundry, Jean Georges, Eleven Madison Park, etc. etc. Momofuku Ko is in the top three, and this on the strength of its food alone, as the ambience is sparse. Other Yelpers have already provided detailed menus, so I'll focus on some of the highlights. Scallops with cucumber snow: The texture and overall experience was among the most inventive and memorable things I have ever eaten. I'd compare it to the awesome appetizer (quail egg and caviar over a cedar smoke filled cup) that the Ritz Carlton Dining Room used to serve in San Francisco.  A complete sensory experience you won't find anywhere else. Shaved foie gras over lychee, riesling jelly and pine nut brittle: OMG. Foie gras can be rich AND light at the same time! Who would have thunk. Deep fried short rib: simply amazingly juicy and tender. Green tomato sorbet: Really? Green tomatoes for dessert? Frozen? Yes, and, somehow, magically, it works. Rhubarb and goat cheese ice cream: I like neither rhubarb nor goat milk. Actually, I especially dislike goat milk/cheese, etc. Yet the rhubarb and the goat milk ice cream together, however, just worked. In summary: if you prefer your chicken breast plain and your steak well done, don't go to Momofuku Ko. If you like inventive, creative, and even a bit avant garde-ish cuisine, treat yourself to a great dining experience here.
What's right with MF-K? The small course tasting dinner is elegant, playful and well conceived. However, is the food standing by itself the be all and end all of an expensive meal at a Two Michelin starred A list dining experience? I think not. Forget, for the moment the requirement of manning the computer 10 days out at exactly 10:00 AM and mad clicking in hopes of possibly snagging a table. The 12 seats were arranged so that interaction was limited to the companion you came with. That left the 3  chefs manning the counter. The 3 chefs that left their personalities at their previous employment. These guys were about as engaging as the expired mackerel in dish number 2. The courses came, something was mumbled out of a chef jacket collar and a plate was set down. We had no idea what half the dishes were as no one gave us a menu of what was being served that night until we paid our $220 + per person and slipped out the door. If I wanted to be served a hip Japanese kaiseki style dinner by automatons I would rather buy it from a vending machine. It would have been more fun than these guys made it. Momofuku-Feh!
It's really 3.5 stars. I am from San Francisco and given what I've heard, I was excited to try this place. I won't go into the specifics of each dish, as they constantly evolve and you will unlikely have the same thing that I had. I came here for lunch, and as the website warns you--you'll need to be prepared to spend a couple of hours there. It's between 20-25 small dishes, and to be totally honest, I think it's an overkill (I've been to many 15-20 course restaurants). By the 15th dish, I think I actually felt so uncomfortable that I considered telling the chefs (who were all very friendly and knowledgeable) to stop giving me any more food! Anyway, onto the food...I was actually a bit disappointed. Here's a 2-michelin star restaurant in NYC, and given the hype, I thought I'd be wowed. Not so much. It's not even close to some of the restaurants here in San Francisco. Don't get me wrong-everything was good. But just good--not to-die-for great. My main problem is that all the dishes are fairly similar in both the style and execution. By the fifth or sixth seafood courses, I actually can't remember what the difference is (even though there was) or what I had at the beginning. Compared to other fancy restaurants that I've been to, this is actually the first time I've had this problem. And the ultimate test is what I call the 3-day litmus test. I.e. Can I tell you what the most memorable dishes were like---3 days later? Can I still imagine the taste of it? And sadly, the answer was no. It all was sort of a blur (and I didn't even drink that much!) I do, however, appreciate the staff and the overall atmosphere of the place. I like the informal setting of Momofuku. I mean, as a Californian, how stuffy is it to go to places where jackets are required? It's refreshing...
As a vegetarian, I respect Momofuku for being so forthright about their unwillingness to compromise their food by making it vegetarian --- they only have one vegetarian option, and even that doesn't have broth.  But I was disappointed by their careless service.  Don't believe the hype --- if you want some noodles, the admittedly less hip Rai Rai Ken down the block offers great ramen cheaper, faster, and nicer.
The meal that I had at Momofuku Ko last week is probably the best meal that I have ever eaten. You're definitely going to pay a lot (approx. $500 for 2 people including wine), but it is worth every single smell, bite, sip and laugh (because the staff is awesome and they will make you laugh). We came to Ko for a friend's birthday, and the staff was accommodating from start to finish. The meal started with a few small amuses bouches. Here are the other courses: Fluke with Rice & Tomatillo Striped Bass with Turnip & Hozon Honeydew Melon Soup w/ Avocado & Macadamia Nut (This was so refreshing and delicious. It was a cold soup, which I haven't had many of, and the nuts were perfect in it!) Soft Boiled Egg w/ Potato Chips, Caviar & Herbs (This was served with a heaping spoon of delicious caviar. I sopped up every bit with the warm sourdough bread that they gave us. What I wouldn't give to have this for breakfast everyday.) Agnolotti w/ Corn, Ancho & Chanterelle. So good! Halibut w/ Salsa Verde, Beef & Swiss Chard. (I loved this dish. It was probably one of my favorites of the evening). Foie Gras with Pine nut, lychee & riesling. This one was a bit odd. I'm not a huge fan of lychee, but it did add a refreshing punch to the dish. The shaved pine nuts were interesting.) DEEP FRIED SHORT RIB with peanut and bean sprout WAS THE STAR OF THE MEAL. The short rib is braised for two days and then deep fried right in front of you. The chef was so awesome and gave the birthday boy and the rest of us a few extra pieces of beef (and we only had to beg a little bit). The meat was so deliciously juicy. Yum. Celery ice with blueberry, sake & sweet rice. This was okay. Very strongly tastes of celery. Was a good palate cleanser after the short rib. I really liked the sweet rice. The carrot cake was so yummy and it was served with a delicious ice cream. I could barely finish my serving though. All-in-all, this was an amazing meal. The service was great, the staff was friendly and answered all of our ridiculous questions and even gave us a few extra bites here and there. Definitely a must try.
The downside is the space - crammed communal tables aren't my idea of  a pleasant dining environment. (Which is why having lunch here is recommended over dinner.) But that's it. The food is exquisite - the pork buns are sheer delicacies, something you wish God offered you upon entering the Heavens. The tenderness of the pork practically makes it melt in your mouth; you combine it with the flufiness of a perfectly baked bun and unless you're a vegetarian, the addiction index skyrockets through the roof. Seriously folks, it's that good. The pork ramen is also a winner - it comes with thick, succulent noodles and a poached egg to boot. I've only been here once, but I want to try the shellfish and see how they measure up, as well as the country ham and masa cakes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Went last night (6/6/10) and I only have three words: Mind blowingly delicious!  I've been using Yelp for years, but never felt motivated enough to write a review...until now. Ko deserves every single star for the food! Every dish, except one, caused a unique, flavorful, delicious party in my mouth! The most memorable ones: 1) the poached egg with caviar, 2) foie gras shavings with lychee, riesling jelly, and pinenuts, 3) orchiette pasta with chicken sausage and crawfish, and lastly 4) the lamb. The alcohol pairing was unbelievable...especially the lychee infused desert wine that was paired with the foie gras riesling dish! I just have to leave a short comment on those 4 dishes: 1) Poached egg with caviar - They didn't skimp on the caviar either. The poached egg paired perfectly with the caviar. It was served with fingerling potato chips, small greens (some kinda of arugula maybe), and onions. 2) Foie Gras - This was the most unique, delicious, and flavorful dish out of the bunch. If you don't like foie gras, then you probably wouldn't like this dish. The taste of the foie gras was mixed perfectly with the sweetness of the lychee and riesling jelly and saltiness of the pine nutes which also provided a crunchiness to the dish. Every bite was a party in my mouth and the desert wine pairing was perfect for this dish! 3) Orchiette pasta - I don't think Ko specializies in Pasta, but the orchiette was cooked perfectly. The sauce and ingredients were nothing out of the ordinary, but how often does pasta get ruined because its either over or undercooked. Kudos to the chefs for serving this in just the right portion too! I couldn't help but stare at them making this dish even though I was eating it and had it right under my very nose. 4) Lamb - The lamb is going to be extinct if this recipe gets out. When the chef announced this was the last plate (before dessert), my heart sank because of how wonderful everything had been. I took extra time with this dish because the meat was so tender - not too dry and not overly seasoned either. The only dish I wasn't completely thrilled about was the brook trout. The fish itself was fine, but the sauce was a little too sour/pungent for my tastes. But, I'm not going to let that deduct anything from the overall experience because 11 out of 12 dishes were amazing! The chefs were also extremely friendly. There were a few times my gf and I were wondering what this jelly was or what that sauce was and the chefs overheard us and briefly explained what was in the dish. At the end of the meal, the chef on our side of the station, took about 5-10 minutes getting to know us and if we enjoyed the meal. Turns out he himself was new to Ko having just transferred from David Bouley in Tribeca. Even though he was busy trying to clean and close up for the night the fact that he took the time out to talk to the customers speaks volumes about the staff here. Hope to return and see him again! The only thing left is to get a seating for their lunch menu. Apparently, the lunch patrons get a whole different set of dishes (asides from 1 or 2 that are also served during dinner). Very happy customer who now gets why David Chang was so hyped. The Ssam bar needs some work (I still don't get it.), but Ko definitely justifies Chang's culinary status.
Chef's tasting menu only. Love the casual setting with sophisticated presentation and impressively unique dishes. There's always a surprise (so far, my fav was the foie gras snow).
The pork is seriously so so so so good. Order pork buns! It's tender and juicy and delicious, the fresh cucumber pickle slices are delicious. ($9 for two.) The chicken buns are great, too. The chicken is crispy and flavorful. ($8 for two.) The rainbow swiss chard with Benton's bacon is so damn good. The bacon is probably the best I've ever had. The pork ramen is also so good. Fresh peas, scallions, tasty broth, noodles... yum. Everything is great. Be prepared to wait for a seat, and the seating arrangement is kind of awkward.. but it's so worth it. Me and my boyfriend come here once a week, no joke. I'll be editing with a review of more menu items soon!
Other Yelpers have long, long essays about this place, so I'll try to keep my experience to a couple of bullet points: -This is the kind of place with inventive food in combinations that you'd never think of. It's not a "comfort-food-let-me-drown-my-sorrows-in-bingeing" kind of place. -Reservations are hard to get. They only have 2 seatings of 12 people each every night. -Take some time to talk to the chefs making your food. They have interesting backgrounds. -When they serve a dish, the chefs will tell you what's in the dish. I personally didn't catch 90% of what they said (partially because the combinations were so innovative that they just didn't click in my head when hearing them). It's actually more fun to try the dishes and try to figure out what's in them, and then ask the chef again if you're really curious. -You're not going to be stuffed at the end, but you won't be hungry. The portions of each dish look small, but together (plus the fact that some of the dishes are fairly rich) they'll fill you up. -The basic dinner without any drinks will come out to ~$160 with tax and tip. -Service is amazing. -Door is hard to find. It's the store with the grating and a small peach on the door on the northwest corner of that intersection.
For those of you that haven't been to KO, but know about it and want to go, I'm sure you know about their reservation system. I've been wanting to come here for years, and by some magnificent stroke of luck a reservation fell on my lap. Suffice it to say, my expectations (and level of excitement) were pretty high. Stage set, meal had. Rating? Solid 5 stars. Well worth its twin Michelin stars. The dishes are complex, flavorful, well balanced, and expertly executed. The menu changes every so often, but creativity and solid cooking reign at this place. You sit at a counter facing an open kitchen, with the chefs working right in front of you. It's very entertaining watching the chefs perform their craft. The music is eclectic and lively as well. Service: Host, chef, and sous chefs are all very attentive, but not invasive. Their dinner menu is 10 courses, 2 of which are dessert. Read on for a course by course recap. Amuses: - Diakon chawanmushi: a small unassuming cup-ette of perfectly steamed egg custard with a distinct daikon flavor, cut by the rich saltiness of trout roe. And, we're off to the races! I actually would have been perfectly satisfied paying $125 for a huge bowl of this. Great start. - Husk cherry with tofu cream: bright, sweet, creamy. "Don't eat the husk" - Flax seed brittle with ricotta cream and apricot jam: This bite changed my mind about flax seeds. Mmm. - Octopus with cucumber: nice tender octopus with a delightful spring in its step from the cucumber Course time: 1 - Scallop with rice, tomatillo, shiso, nori powder, and basil oil: This was actually my least favorite dish of the night (read: least favorite, not dislike). I got every flavor except the scallop - only the texture of the scallop. Good thing I adore shiso and nori. 2 - Striped bass with turnip, hozon, and a fermented chickpea sauce: First speechless moment of the night. Incredibly fresh, light yet bursting with flavor, excellently paired with shredded turnip. I can still taste those pieces of bass. 3 - Honeydew melon soup with avocado, cucumber, toasted macadamia nuts, and mint oil: super light and refreshing, cut by drops of mint oil. The contrasting flavor of the toasted nuts made the dish. 4 - The "Ko Egg" - soft boiled egg with fingerling potato chips, sweet onions, herbs, and caviar: This dish was super playful. Depending on how you combined the parts (and in what ratios), each bite had a completely different flavor profile - in a very very good way. 5 - Sweet corn agnolotti with chanterelle mushrooms, ancho chili, and fried parsley: By itself, this is a great pasta dish with intense flavors. In context with the menu, I was confused. Everything up until this point was light, subtle, and refreshing. The heaviness of this dish threw me off and didn't set me up very well for the next dish, which was light and subtle. 6 - Butter basted halibut with sauteed swiss chard, beets, and salsa verde: The sides were very well balanced with the subtle flavors of the perfectly cooked halibut. 7 - Shaved foie gras over lychee, pine nut brittle, and riesling jelly: speechless moment #2. There really are no words to describe this dish. You have to try it for yourself. There are so many different flavors at play here and they all just dance around in your mouth. Wow. 8 - Short rib with peanuts and bean sprouts: I was basically silent with joy for 2 dishes in a row (soon to be 3, read on). After being braised for 48 hours, the short rib is then deep fried. Now that's just cheating. The short rib was extremely tender, with intense, bold flavors. Salt level: perfect. 9 - Celery sorbet with mochi, sweet rice, blueberries, and sake foam: My friend and I looked at each other with palpable bewilderment when the sous chef described this dish. Time to dig in. Bite. BOOM. Mind blown. What immense creativity. Great textural play. The flavor dance continues. 10 - Spiced carrot cake with nasturtium flower ice cream: Very creative and very pretty. It wasn't as great as the first dessert, but yummy nonetheless. It brought everything back to reality, which was a good thing, otherwise I would have left the restaurant a mute. I did have some nits about a couple of the dishes, but the high points far exceeded any of them. If you haven't been to Ko before, what are you waiting for? Make a reservation for 2 and invite me. =D
Everytime i'm in NYC i must make a trek to Momofuku - Awesome bowl of noodles, bathing in berkshire pork goodness The bath poached egg on the ramen is insane. The soup is very delicious but just a little bit salty The noodles are made to specs by a some secret shop in chinatown, so yummy The pork buns appetizer are oh so very yummy Bless you momofuku
Expensive but if you can afford it (or get someone to take you) you owe it to yourself to go. Delicious and inventive food with a friendly and unpretentious service and atmosphere. And who doesn't like foie gras cotton candy?
Loved everything (except the seats) however, you forget about the seats as the experience was so enjoyable. Look forward to many more visits to Momofuko Ko! The food was excellent, loved talking to the chefs, staff and other diners at the bar. Was hesitant about going, and so glad we went. Thank you!!
After much thought over the past couple of months, I've decided to pull out the 5 card for Mr. Chang's 'Ko.  And not the "this is the best burger in the city, so here's a 5" type of 5.  This is the "you're up there with Eleven Madison Park" sort of 5. Perhaps most unusual about this review, compared to my traditional restaurant write-ups, is that I won't be describing what I ate.  And what is most unusual about this restaurant is the fact that, while this was one of my most memorable meals of the year, I can't quite remember anything that I ate.   This isn't a bad thing, however.  For one thing, it won't matter to you since nothing that I ate will probably be on the menu when you go.  The shear quantity, diversity and complexity of what you will be served is, quite simply, amazing. So 300-something reviews deep into this restaurant, it's probably best if I just try to offer a few tips: 1.  Stop complaining about the price.  The food is worth it and you have to think of it as dinner theater.   You'd take a $125 deal for dinner and show, wouldn't you? 2.  Engage with the chefs.  They like to talk and they can get as deep as you want them to get.  Don't try to impress them, however.  You're only about the 10 billionth foodie whose walked through that door in the last month. 3.  Step outside the box with the wine.  There are many truly unusual selections on the wine list - think 500ml Oregon white blends in "Grolsch-style" green glass bottles with a ceramic top. 4.  Don't make plans too early afterward.  This dinner is long. 5.  Stop complaining about the reservation system.  Just be flexible.  Find a week where you and your honey are relatively free and try every morning when the next week opens.  Don't cry that you can't get the 8pm seating on a Saturday night. Overall:  Simply superb.
It was a lot of drama trying to get reservations to this bad boy but I'm glad I did.  My 4-star review has a lot to do with the fact that I was part of this "elite" club that had the privilege of beating their system and getting reservations.  Another ingenious PR stunt.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good but the experience was better.  Let it be known that dinner lasts about 2 hours so be prepared if you have a late seating time. My boyfriend and I got the tasting menu for $100 per person.  Brief overview of the dishes that were served that night.  Buttermilk biscuit - great, raw fluke sashimi - good, chicharron - good, chilled uni soup - eh (I'm Asian and like my soup served piping hot.  Shoot me.), Hen egg with caviar - eh (kinda bland), grilled trout - great, foie gras - good, diver scallops - great, cantaloupe sorbet - great, lemon rubina ice - great. The service from the waitresses were excellent but the same cannot be said for the chefs.  You would think the chef to patron ratio (3:12) would mean great interaction but that was not the case.  Maybe it was the fact that I didn't ask any real foodie questions like "what river is the trout from?" or "what was the name of the hen whose egg we just ate?".  Or maybe because I didn't take notes hence the poor description of the dishes as seen above.  I'm very simple when it comes to food.  If it's good, it's good.  If it's not, it's not.  No questions and answers needed but a "how do you like your food so far?" would've been cool since I am contributing to their salary.  Nonetheless, it was nice to see the chefs fuss over your dish with great care and detail. $250 for dinner.  Recession?  What recession?  I'll be packing my own lunch to work for the next month thank you very much.
Ko, the flagship Momofuku experience. Residing in the original Momofuku noodle bar location (the only location I've ever visited the noodle bar in), reservations are (or were when this place first opened) notoriously tricky to get, at least right at the 10am time when the floodgates open.  Now, with the right amount of twitch reflex or the right amount of luck, you can enjoy this rather intimate dining experience in parties of one, two, or four. Sorry, third wheels, you need to find another place to park your tricycles. Service is the invisible-when-you-don't-need-them, friendly-when-you-need-them, water-glasses-always-full type you'd expect at a two-star Michelin establishment. Then again, with only 12 diners this isn't exactly a difficult feat, but it's appreciated nonetheless. Here's an ultimately pointless blow by blow since the only available menu is the pre-fixe which can change randomly. But like me, maybe you like to read about food and taste with your eyes. Or your reading comprehension?  Whatever, feast on my words. Mmmmm Amuses: Trout roe topped mushi. Husk cherry.  Mushi needs to be a full on dish, yo. Raw scallops over rice. You know that slippery texture of a good scallop?  Yeeaaa, we're off to a good start. Striped bass, hozon, bundle of turnips. Incredibly fresh, turnips accentuated the flavor of the fish. Sauce had a slight infusion of chick peas. Honeydew melon soup, cucumber, avocado, creme fraiche, and macadamia nuts. Smooth, refreshing, crunchy. Hit all the right notes and placed intelligently in the menu right before the more substantial courses. Soft boiled egg, American caviar, fingerling potato chips, onions. A Ko classic. Accompanied with sourdough bread and radish butter. Bread broke apart easily and soaked up egg and caviar nicely.  Fingerling potatoes contrasted textures well with the rest of the dish. Agnolotti with corn, ancho, chanterelle. A decent pasta dish but the weakest dish of the night. Chanterelle mushrooms were the best part. Dish stood out like a sore thumb since it was a random carb load in a protein centric meal. Relatively heavy compared to every other dish, it would've been better if they stuck with a simple linguini. Halibut, salsa verde, beet purée, Swiss chard. A perfectly cooked halibut. Nuff said. Shaved foie gras over lychee, riesling gelee, pine nut brittle. Another Ko classic which has been on the menu since opening years ago. I admit hating it the first time I had it 5 years ago but despite the dish remaining unchanged, it has become one of my favorites. Maybe this is a metaphor for how the world stays the same but it is we as people who change and... wait, who cares? The foie gras marries well with the lychee in the same way that it marries well with mandarin oranges at Salt & Fat. If you don't know Salt & Fat, it's like Ssam Bar but in Queens. Go now. 48 hour braised deep fried short rib, peanuts, bean sprouts, radishes. The "main course" of the night with good reason. Tender, juicy, salty but not overly so, sweet, good bean sprout crunch. Nom nom nom. Celery ice cream, sake foam, mochi, sweet sticky rice, blueberries. That's right, this is freaking celery ice cream. The bowl feels like it's about the size of a thimble but it is the perfect shape to ensure each bite had all the ingredients melded together. Possibly one of the best desserts ever created. "Spicy" Carrot cake, white chocolate, nasturtium ice cream. Apparently nasturtium is some sort of weed. Yum. This isn't spicy. A solid dessert, if a bit muted following the celery dessert above. The meal is by no means cheap, but for what you're getting, it's not excessive either. The price point and difficulty with the online reservation system make it an inaccessible experience but one definitely worth having.
Whenever I crave something hot and filling, I head here.  True the wait is a bit ridiculous and I could touch my neighbor by nodding my head but what do you expect?  It's a noodle bar!  I'm don't come here looking for a pre fixed menu or 5 feet between me and the other diner.  The ambiance is what makes this place unique. Plates to try: kimchee stew, chicken ramen, buns (pork is good but fatty! so I get the chicken which has the right crunch to it) Still very good even though it's not with the Berkshire pork. There's something about seeing my food prepared before my eyes that keeps luring me back..
I have eaten the last two nights in the east village, while staying with a friend. This unfortunately was not the better of my 2 experiences. Waited to long for a table. The buzz about the place put it high on my list, didn't meet up. The pork belly needed salt.. Still over all a 3.
Finally, after 2 weeks of waiting for the reservation,my husband and I got in right on our trip to New York scheduled. The food was exquisite and the chefs were so friendly. They explained every detailed of the food that they made. We got 12 meal course in right proportion that was really well presented and really delicious. They don't allow any photography so we can't take pictures of the food but they gave us the menu list by the end of our meal. We are planning to come back again soon to experience more of what Chef David Chang has for Ko!
Now that the crowd resulting from the New York magazine review has died down a little, Momufuku's resumed its place as one of my favorite New York restaurants.   I started coming for the ramen, but lately I've been much more tempted by the ever-changing list of appetizers and entrees.  This is the ONLY place I'll eat pork buns (which I always find too heavy elsewhere); the pan-roasted mussels rank among the best I've had anywhere; and the spicy rice cakes are great comfort food.
i was a momofuku hater til yesterday. i didn't quite understand the david chang hype after having tried the noodle bar and ssam bar and thinking meh, until now. ooh how do i begin? ate at ko last night for my husband's birthday, and was delighted dish after dish. from the uni panna cotta, to the shaved foie gras over gelee and lychee with peanut brittle... to the perfectly poached egg with caviar, cavatelli with beef tongue, and the duck breast with beet green puree... my stomach was thanking my mouth for each subsequent bite. only problem is remembering all the amazing dishes you've eaten, as its a 12-courser. have eaten at some great restaurants in nyc and around the world, and must say this is on our short list. will give the noodle bar and ssam another shot, and then head to ma peche to round it out.
My husband and I enjoy the other Momofuku restaurants, particularl Ssam, and finally decided to brave the reservation system to try Ko.  It was not as difficult as expected, though perhaps choosing a Saturday lunch in August helps.  We chose lunch specifically because it includes more courses and we wanted to try a variety of dishes.  I also ordered the all sparkling beverage pairing, which included a cocktail, wine, cider and beer.  They graciously substituted wine for the beer since I haven't acquired a taste for beer, though I did try it.  The cocktail was delicious and the wines well chosen, including excellent grower rose champagne.   The soundtrack is eclectic and fun, but not loud enough to prevent conversation.  We're no kids, so I was originally a bit concerned about the backless stools, however, they're padded and even after 3 hours our backs felt fine and we were not at all uncomfortable.  We felt it was a bonus to chat with the lovely young couple seated next to us.  It's a tiny room and we were impressed at how efficiently the space is used and how well the food and drink preparation and service are choreographed and synchronized. Every member of the team was delightful!  It's a real treat to watch chefs of this caliber at work and to be able to ask questions about the food.  Assembling dishes the way that they do is truly an art.  All of the dishes and drinks were well described upon presentation and you get a menu to take home to remember them all. All of this would be only spectacle if not for the exceptional quality of the food. We cannot recall having arctic char that we've enjoyed more, and the scallops were equally outstanding.  There were dishes we preferred to others, but nothing that was not delicious. Steph C did a great job of describing the individual dishes so I'll skip the details since our meal was mostly the same.  Though not inexpensive, we felt that it offered good value for the price paid. If you want the grand Michelin star experience, formal serving staff, crisp white tablecloths, dressed up patrons, subtle music, go to Le Bernardin or Daniel, which are both superb, but if you can appreciate fine dining with a casual, modern vibe, you'll love Momofuku Ko. We're checking our overbooked calendar to see when we might squeeze in a dinner.
One thing to be aware of if you have the luxury of picking your seats (which you probably won't, ever) is that on a cold winter night, for some reason, there's a weird draft that comes in when you're sitting facing the wall at the north end of the restaurant (to the right when you come in).  I know this makes me sound like an old lady, but when you're slurping hot  broth and it's getting flash frozen in front of you, you'll wish you'd listened... The food is great, definitely not traditional.  The Berkshire pork was shredded, and very fatty (yum) and I swear they snuck collard greens into the soup as well.  I also split a plate of chicken wings which were deelicious. Purists might have a problem with some dish interpretations, but if you're hungry and want a good bowl of something to fix you (pre) or patch you up (post) then you've got it here.  45 min wait at 8pm on Saturday.
I have been here twice for dinner and it is my favorite restaurant in Manhattan (aside from steak restaurants). It's a 10 course omakase and full of amazing flavors. I think of each plate as hitting one particular spot on your palate, so that when the meal is over, you will have rounded out every possible flavor and taste sensation possible. The full wine pairing is solid and it is amazing how well the flavors go together. My secret for snagging a reservation: refreshing the page every second and knowing exactly where you need to click before the page loads.
Not sure if this is a place, which deserve two Michelin stars. It was very hard to make the reservation. You had to log onto their website at a certain time and to be lucky. This place was very tiny with 12 seats at the bar. They served 6 customers at the same time. It costed $175 per person before tax for a 16-course meal. Everything was prepared in front of you. Chefs were extremely knowledgable and friendly. The menu items changed pretty much for every meal. Today, it seemed having a cucumber theme. We had the following dishes: - Deviled quail egg with lox and everything bagel seasoning - Chilled cucumber soup with wiped sake - Washington state oysters with cucumber vinegary - Fried potato skin with sour cream and frumentos cheese - Scallop with cucumber and almond (took a long time to prepare) - Fluke with turnip and hozon - Black bass with finger lime and onion - Trout with romaine and hozon (one of the best dishes) - Borscht with maitake (舞茸) and cabbage - Grilled octopus with potato and caramelized onion - Beef tartar with watercress and corn chips (took a long time to prepare - it was just OK) - Daikon chawanmushi(茶碗蒸し) with salmon roe - Lobster tail with sauce, croissant and myoga - Cappelletti with eggplant and basil - Arctic char with purslane and lime pickle - Pork chop with fennel and bell pepper - Calamansi with shiso and goat cheesecake - Shaved foie gras with pine nut, lychee and riesling jelly (extreme weird and I am not a fan) - Tres leches with plum and black sesame filling - Peach soda with green tomato and buckwheat - Macarons The service was OK. Not sure why no camera was allowed.
**11/09/2007 Edit: OMG - the pork buns are Awesome!! just for that they deserve an extra star. i'd come back just to eat the side dishes for a meal! **Note: they've moved a few stores down and J & I had to wait about 20mins on a Saturday afternoon @ 3pm. But boy, was it worth it! Yum. Great place for lunch. I went here with a classmate and had a good lunch although a little overpriced in my opinion. I love my ramen and so far, hadn't had a good bowl since I left Vancouver which was the best CHEESE ramen ever! So after trying a bowl of their pork ramen - i was surprised. Not too bad! and bonus points for being close to my apartment. I'm definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu! I heard their pork buns are soooo good!
This is by far my favorite restaurant. If I never ate here then Daniel would be might fave. I finally got a resv a few months ago and I was sooo excited. Our reservation was at 9:15 and stools"stools" weren't ready yet so they gave us complimentary champagne. It was such a wonderful experience. The foie gras w/ lychee was fantastic and I HATe foie gras,lol. I'm allergic to strawberries which happened to the part for the dessert and they were nice enough to give me the dessert from the lunch menu (peach sorbet, with some type of peanut butter). It was awesome!
Apparently this place is hard to get reservations for, but I was lucky on my first attempt. There are only seats for 12 people, and everyone sits at a bar counter facing the small, narrow kitchen. Two attentive hosts grab drinks and clear place settings while three chefs crank out their individual dishes directly in front of you. I'm sure the menu varies, but from other reviews and photos it seems our menu was similar to other diner's experiences. Most of the many courses were fantastic and delicious while just a couple were questionable and potentially gimmicky. The only things holding it back are the prices, including high markups for bottled drinks, and the slightly awkward atmosphere before you and the chefs warm up to one another. (It's alright, small talk away!) Overall it's an experience that you'll definitely remember.
Interesting concept where 3-4 of the courses are different for each person that way you can switch around. I felt like 60% of the dishes were amazing and 40% pretty mediocre. The vegetables were very impressive; all incredibly fresh and had a just-picked taste. Fois shavings with lychee was phenomenal, as was porcini pasta, braised cabbage with pork belly, the egg with caviar, and the pea soup with shrimp and mushroom. The fist course of fluke was too peppery and generic and the pork was unimpressive . Desserts were downright disappointing, esp the tasteless cereal panna cotta and the generic apple pie.  Ko definitely needs to work on it's desserts- Chikalicious down the street can do better than this!! If you manage to get a reservation- definitely go.  $85 is very reasonable for a tasting menu- most tasting menus in the city are more and not of Ko's (mostly great) quality.
Semi-exclusive dining club with a very elaborate reservation process, took a couple weeks of mouse trigger training to snag a 4 person table for dinner. Dishes were good with interesting combos of ingredients but wasn't spectacular fare and even a bit forgettable (although maybe that's also the effects of the wine pairing). Sadly, overrated and overhyped.  I originally was planning to aim for a lunch but another hour and another $100 wouldn't be worth it.  I'd stick to the bo ssam and milk bar for my momofuku needs
I'm just adding fuel to a fire about this place that's already raging. If this is something you want to experience, you should. The deets: Tasting menu is $125 pp. We paid $58 for a bottle of Gruner Veltliner white. and $24 for two half-glasses (who knew) of sparkling Cava. Here's some TIPS and BONUSES: BONUS: Good values on wine. TIP: Getting a reservation on the date and time you want is a reasonable procedure given that you have access to the web at PRECISELY 10 AM ET on any given day. Just find and follow the rules. TIP: You are sitting on a bar stool at a counter in front of a kitchen. The place is lovely, in my opinion, but if you want to be at a table away from the kitchen, pick another restaurant. BONUS: Very friendly staff with sincere appreciation for you for dining there. (This is my first review with my NEW star rating index - five stars indicates that it's a treat and worth a subway ride to get to it, though you can take a taxi home!)
I was told that if I could get a reservation within 7 days of trying, I would get taken for free. I won't tell you my tactics because I plan on going back :) But I did score! I am a pretty hardcore foodie and this was, quite simply, the most memorable and enjoyable dining experience I have ever had. Get the wine pairing... it's worth it.
Had lunch at Ko yesterday... I was excited to try it after all the hype. Pros: 1. The flavor combinations were generally great, a couple of misses, but overall very interesting flavor profiles. Cons: 1. Apparently salt is the most important ingredient for David Chang. Salt, salt, and more salt. 2. Everything was heavy handed. No delicacy of flavor, nothing terribly subtle, just big flavor combined with big flavor. It was a fun experience, but I feel mixed. The courses continually got heavier with no respite - a sorbet course would have been nice, but instead we got goat cheese sorbet with small flavorless jello square that was just as heavy as the previous course. I hate to say this, but David Chang should probably spend a bit more time in San Francisco and learn how to bring out flavor without salt (despite the fig on the plate comment being somewhat true). A bit more subtlety, lay off the salt and the constant miso, and I'd give it at least one more star (not that he cares I am sure.)
My wife and I celebrated our 10-year anniversary dinner here last week. This was our second time dining at Ko as we ate here in 2010 and consider that meal to be the best meal we've ever had in NYC.  I'm happy to report that our first meal wasn't a fluke because the staff at Ko delivered an amazing experience again.  The food is spectacular, and I was happy to see 2 of our 2010 favorites were still part of the menu.  Our menu that night had a heavy slant towards seafood so I wouldn't recommend Ko for everyone.  Thankfully, this was a non-issue for my wife and I, especially on a hot summer night.   My only knock on the experience was that the pairing was almost all sparking wine or champagne.  It did pair very well with the delicate seafood courses, however I'm not a typical champagne drinker so I didn't enjoy this as much as I probably would have enjoyed getting a bottle of (non-sparkling) wine.
Tasty, gourmet, and OVERPRICED. I mean ...come ON! Don't let the hype fool you on this one. I think this one of those "trendy" spots that people rave about. Try Ippudo instead, now THAT'S a place that's well priced and worth the hype. I don't believe good food should have to be expensive. Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious--tiny portions. I get it...it's upscale, over it. But for that price, I could probably buy myself a nice juicy steak dinner.
Saturday lunch: 20 courses over 3 hours. I was delirious after the meal, even without having any alcohol! My friend has superb ko reservation skills and scored us the lunch reservation. I came into town just for the lunch and it was the best meal of my life so far. Prior to this meal, it was the one I shared with my fiance right after we got engaged. But sentimental value bonus points aside, Ko is my new favorite. I will be dreaming this food for months to come. Notable highlights: 1) Uni on top of soft tofu skin, with puffed black rice grains. Uni cannot be more fabulous and the tofu skin is silky smooth, with just enough bite to it that give the dish an interesting texture. 2) slow roasted duck breast with grilled baby leeks, grilled rice ball, and plum and vodka dressed diced tomatoes. One chef worked on this duck for over 2 hrs. He ladled hot oil over the scored skin repeatedly for an hour, then finished it off in the oven. The skin was crispy and buttery and the breast was incredibly tender. 3) foamy poached egg in broth, served with bacon and chives cream-filled bagel bite. The egg was dispensed from a air-compressed can (for whipped cream) into the simmering water and came out soft, with tiny airbubbles inside. 4) corn soup with chantrelle mushrooms and cirspy nori flakes. Corn soup is my ultimate comfort food and this one was supremely corny. mushroom was slight pickled (surprise) and nori flakes added texture and dimension to the dish. Plus, I'm a total sucker for soup-pouring-into-the-bowl-table-side presentation. I don't know how I can go back to earth and eath normal-people food now.
What's to be said here that hasn't already been said? This place knows what they're doing and they got those stars to prove it. Service was genial and flawless. The chefs have exacting execution. Dishes were amazing and interesting. It's almost too perfect to a fault. I like experiments. I like the new. And this place was a well oiled machine. They didn't explain the dishes - serving it as if their customers didn't care / wasn't curious. They took pride in their work, but it was just a normal evening seating. To a younger less known restaurant, every evening was new. And mishaps aplenty - a burner could fail and their fridge could stop working.. This place was such a stark difference from Box Kite in the effort and the eagerness. It was fun to see both sides of the spectrum but it wouldn't be Yelp if I didn't have a bias. So come to Ko for the date you're trying to impress and the restaurant you know will come and represent. Take your gf to box kite for a surprise, for a night you're not sure where it will go but you trust in it anyway.
Probably the best dining experience I've ever had, it all blended together perfectly. Everyone knows the food here is awesome so I'll save you from dissecting every course. The service was top notch; each dish was explained in detail, and promptly cleaned up. The drink servers were also on top of their game, constantly refilling water, replacing utensils, etc... One thing that really set the experience apart for me is how the staff executed the entire night. Though one of the more difficult seats to get in NYC, the staff (in particularly the chefs) were extremely friendly, without the slightest hint of pretentiousness. You could tell the chefs loved what they do, tossing jokes around and discussing what their next "experiment" would be. It's refreshing to get great food without the stuffiness you get at many of the more upscale dining spots.
Went when it first opened and returned recently.  The meal is worth the online persistence with the reservation system.  Super thoughtful and delicious food and a real priviledge to watch these guys work.
I had been wanting to experience a dinner at Ko for some time and was blown away.  We opted for the all-sparkling beverage pairing which perfectly complemented the dishes.  I loved that the chefs described the dishes to us as we sat in front of them.  I was fine with the seating (stools) and was not uncomfortable at all.  I also enjoyed the service we received from our server and beverage liaison.   My favorite dishes: - My absolute favorite was the shaved frozen foie gras over lychee and pine nuts in a Riesling sauce.  I believe they always offer this dish and it is no wonder why.  The marriage of the salt of the foie gras with the sweet of the lychee is to die for. - A smoked soft boiled egg surrounded by miniature lightly crisp potato chips, herbs, and mouthwatering caviar: smokey, delicious.  Also, during this dish the rustic sourdough bread and wonderfully fragrant house made radish butter was presented to us - just in time to dip in the warm egg yolk. - Mackerel in a black sesame sauce with pickled watermelon and kimchi: something about this combination made my taste buds sing. - The final dessert plate of the night was an incredible coconut lime sorbet with rum meringue, banana, and slightly salty toasted shortbread. So luxurious. The dishes here greatly appealed to my tastes and were not only delicious but works of art.  I wanted to stand and applaud the chefs at the conclusion of my dinner.  Though I used the occasion of my birthday as a reason to dine here, I would gladly return again.
Oh yes, this is totally delicious. I am pretty much writing about my favorite places lately. But these noodles will knock you on yo' ass. They are that good. The shitake buns are also amazing, I have to get them everytime. The noodle bar is great cause you can watch the adept chefs create their perfect meals right in front of you. It does get crowded quickly and stays busy just about every night. Snuggle up to a spot on a late Tuesday night and you can't lose.
Awesome, just awesome.   Aggressive food throughout, great service (having the chefs cook your meal and then hand it to you is pretty cool), and a very distinct atmosphere make for an awesome night out.  The small space makes the meal much more intimate, like hanging out with a bunch of friends at someone's loft (we had funny LA people next to us).   The lack of a menu and my lack of note-taking skills have left me without a full list of everything we ate, but some highlights: - potato-leek soup with intense black pepper and perfect little rectangles of (sous vide, I assume?) lamb belly - warm, wholesome, comforting, especially on a cold night. - soft-boiled egg with caviar - richness and deliciousness. - fois gras, lychee, brittle, riesling gelee - knock-out, drag-down goodness, and one of many dishes where the combination of all of the elements is just so explicit and sublime, the work that had to go into coming up with this stuff is mind-blowing. As with any prix fixe menu, there were a couple of dishes that weren't perfectly suited to our taste buds (almond-crusted skate wing with almond foam - really well put together, but I'm not an almond fan), but still impressive for what they were.
I finally did it! I went to Momofuku Ko! Guys! It's closing soon, and moving to a larger location. Which may be mean a price change possibly? Go while you can! It was surprisingly easy to get reservations. As per my internet research, I searched for 6:50pm or later times. By 10:20am on a Monday, there were still a few spots left for groups of 1 or 2 for the following Tues/Wed. My total bill with tax & tip for dinner was $161. I don't drink and just got flat water. Friend & I felt that was fine because the flavors of each dish was so complex, it was a good way to enjoy the food. They did have a long list of drinks, wine, and beers. Really interesting local beers as well. I feel we went during a good season, when fruit and vegetables, and flowers (yes- there was a lot of edible flower elements in the food!) are at their peak.   No photography I think- I didn't even try, but here was the Dinner menu as of July 16, 2014, Wednesday. FYI- lots of seafood elements (raw & cooked) Amuses: (I forget the order & techincal terms/ingredients) deviled quail eye with XO sauce & teeny apple discs with a cheese spread and cod roe, sweet pea shells with chili cheese spread filling, oyster on a bed of salt with soy/sriracha sauce? (super fresh!). The Rest: -raw or rare scallop wrapped in pickled daikon with various basil, teeny purple flower, flavored oil garnishes , miso? broth poured over (2 scallops) -striped bass shashimi with turnip discs, various herbs, oil garnishes (5 pieces) -honeydew melon soup poured over little avocado gnocchis, uni pieces, macadamia nut halves (very tasty, the roasted nuts were a nice complement), various herb & floral garnishes (about 1/3- 3/4 cup) -soft boiled egg with turnip puree, caviar, kettle chips. Excellent sourdough bread for mopping. radish butter. (Was worried we wouldn't have room for the other courses when they offered to take away the bread, but we should have just requested more bread so I could have sneaked some home!) -sweet pea totellini with crab and almond (very tasty and comforting) (4-5 tiny pieces) Main Course: -seared and broiled haibut with watercress, zucchini salsa (So fresh!) (about 5"x2") -shaved foie gras over a mound of lychee, red? pine nuts, riesling jelly (about a 1/3 cup of the fruit) (interesting flavor combo, not as much foie gras as it looks in press pictures, just a dusting on top over the sweet stuff) -rolled beef rib cap (about a 4" section) with bagna cauda, 4 romaine pieces (very tender, seared and a little crispy on the outside) Was worried I couldn't get through this, but happily finished it. Wasn't Too full, just happy. Dessert: (very interesting combinations, maybe the best part) -celery sorbet with sweet rice and blueberry and another reddish berry reduced, with sake foam -mashed carrot cake with nasturtium flower ice cream (also red nasturtium flower garnishes!), white chocolate, crunchies, a sort of cinnamon/peppery/mustard drizzle The waitstaff was attentive, it was a lot of fun to watch the cooking process, the cooks took a little bit to warm up, but didn't mind answering questions. The female cook on inner end was the nicest. The seating is very slim- I don't know how they could fit a heavier person... The tall stools were padded but offered little back support. The stools are very high also, probably not good for anyone under 5'2", you legs may fall asleep. Little hooks for your purse under the bar. Most people were in black and heels, or blazers, but some were more casual in T-shirts and sweaters. The waitstaff is casual and hipster. I left feeling satisfied and felt the experience was interesting and the food combinations were unique. Did feel fuller as the food hit, and sleepy as we wandered up to Stuyvesant Town park. A family with 2 young kids (maybe 5 & 8 in blazers) came in as we were leaving, I hope those kids weren't too uncomfortable on the high stools. Maybe they are the food critics of the future..
This is a cool place for food that looks very appetizing, some of which is actually very good, but only above average ramen.  We had the corn and shrimp, and that was excellent.  Then, we had the ramen, and it was only okay.  The ramen at Menchanko-Tei is way tastier.   We sat by the kitchen, and we drooled at all the food being prepared.  They make all of the food look really appetizing.   This would be a fun place to come at night (if it weren't for the huge waits) and settle into some cool, innovative dishes and drink some of the impressive sake on their sake list.
Delicious pork fat...
If there was a way to give this place more than 5 stars, I totally would! Momofuku Ko's tasting menu has to be one of the BEST meals I have ever experienced. A very good friend was able to snag last minute reservations for dinner and I was glad the rain didn't stop us from going. This was a small establishment with about 10-12 seats. What I truly loved about this place was that the chef prepared all the food right in front of our eyes. (hehe, I'm very nosey on how my food was prepared). The service reached beyond my expectations and the food was phenomenal. All ingredients were fresh and the menus are based on market availability. The dinner menu entails about 10-12 courses with a few amuses. Each dish was unique of its own and brought a different mix to the table. The dishes that impressed me the most was probably the halibut, shaved foie gras, beef rib cap, and carrot cake. Every dish was very detailed on presentation and the chef explained everything before we took a bite into it. Would definitely love to come back one day. FYI: You're not allowed to take pictures so that was a little bit of a bummer.
I will dream of Momofuku every day.  We showed up at about 11:15 am and sat right down to the perfect lunch on a snowy day.  Berkshire pork buns, which as everyone already seems to know, are IT,  the Momofuku Ramen with Belly and what seemed to be confit pork and a poached egg, and the Tsukemen (cold noodles with yes...Berkshire pork, poached egg and dipping sauce.   Momofuku IS definately all that, and when I go back, I am going to try everything else on the menu, and I mean everything.
This place is as good as they say... but be warned: If you get a later time slot, the food and ingredients (especially the pre-prepared portions) have been sitting for a few hours. You can see them pull them out of ramekins, pantries, and refrigerators already prepped, waiting to be delicately sauteed and adorned with delicious sauces. Still (and this especially applies to seafood), you have to sort of wonder how fresh it is... #2... like all tasting/Omakase menus, if you're a health- and body-conscious person, this place will make you uncomfortably full. I mean, you feel bad about not eating the world-class food... especially since the chefs are right in front of your face, which, admittedly is part of the experience, but, as with sitting in the front row at a comedy performance, you feel bad if you're not laughing at their jokes (aka gavage-ing their food and smiling about it even though you're several courses in)... #3... be prepared for the explosive diarrhea that will surely follow your experience. Seriously. The only other place that ranks worse than this in terms of the hours that followed was Le Cirque.
We came here to celebrate a birthday and it was amazing!! Getting a reservation was the tricky - you have to go online at 10am 10 days before the date for dinner or 14 days before for lunch and pray that no one has taken your time slot. They only have 2-3 time slots available for their 16 course lunch and 10-course dinner, with 1, 2, or 4 person reservation options. The trickiest part is finding the place. It is a nondescript door with a little peach on it. They have a strict no-food-picture policy, which was sad for me as I love taking photos of my food, but it made you focus more on each dish and enjoy your time with your dining partner. The food was beautiful and timed perfectly - not too slow or too fast. I was able to enjoy each dish without feeling like I needed to rush through it or like I was waiting forever between dishes. My favorites of the night were: (1) amuse - sunflower seed panna cotta with dill flowers, (2) Mackerel with pickled watermelon and a duo of sauces (black sesame and kimchi), (3) soft egg with caviar - which I squealed like a little girl when it came out and was so excited I made the hostess (Jenna) laugh, (4) celery sorbet with sake foam. The only thing about Ko is the crazy expensive drink menu!! Otherwise this place is absolutely perfect!
I think I've found a new place.  Not "new" in the "just opened" kind of way, but "new" in the "it took me too long to try this place" kind of way, and now it's on my list of faves.   Each and every bite of my Tsukemen (cold noodles, shredded pork and dipping broth) was dream-like.  I'm not kidding.  The pork was unbelievably tasty and tender...I really couldn't get enough.  And the fresh peas, scallions and other accoutrements were just as good.  I doused the whole plate with a mess of hot sauce, and just dug in.  Highly recommended.
Went to Ko on Saturday night for the 3rd time. This place just keeps getting better. As mentioned by several yelpers the Egg and Foie courses still remain, but some new classics were the Bone Marrow Crostini with Gruyere Broth.....just awesome....and a great Sirloin Carpaccio. The Pretzel Panna Cotta, with Mustard pieces and Root Beer ice cream (paired with an Oatmeal Stout) was inspired. Must try the 15 course lunch.
Review #500 for me - yay! haha Anywho, I've had the privilege of eating at a few Michelin Star restaurants and tried some fancy tasting menus in my day, but I have to say that Momofuku Ko has been my favorite dining experience thus far! Went here for dinner and getting reservations on their website wasn't as hard as i thought it would be. In fact, I originally got a late dining reservation time around 9pm, but checked a few days before my meal and noticed an earlier time slot that opened up so i was able to switch it out and get the earlier dinner i wanted! their storefront door is really easy to miss so look out for their lucky peach logo. me and justin b arrived a few minutes early for our reservation but we were still seated right away. the restaurant and bar dining area is really narrow so you will be in close quarters with other patrons and the staff haha. i opted for the alcohol pairing to go along with my dinner. the dinner itself is $125 and then the pairing is an additional $100ish i believe so while it's not cheap, i think its definitely worth it haha. i thought it was cool that they served you a bunch of different kinds of drinks whether it was a mixed cocktail, sake, beer, or wine and they all tasted delicious. and oh the food! it was so good! my favorite dish was a raw oyster which is a total shock considering i thought i hated oysters haha. other winners were the soft boiled egg, duck, prawn and pretty much every dish we had haha. there were so many different courses that i wished i could remember them all but alas no pictures inside :( haha... plus i had read some previous reviews saying that the chefs weren't friendly but i thought the opposite. we were able to make some small talk with each chef and they even gave us some great bar recommendations on where we could grab a drink after our meal.  in fact, the service all night was pretty amazing and spot on. my beverage was always filled, plates were always cleared right away, and  everyone was just so friendly and welcoming. this was a great way to spend a night in NYC!
Pretty amazing... not sure what the naysayers were expecting.  We had a delicious meal w/ drink pairing and couldn't be happier!  Go there now.   We were made to wait about 45 minutes before sitting which was a little annoying given the importance they put on showing up on time.   The music was great (good picks), chefs friendly, hostesses informative.  Momofuku ko definitely lived up to my expectations.
One my best meals I've ever had. Reminds much of Le Chateaubriand in Paris as far as the quality and creativity. I recommend Ko to anyone has the culinary spirit of adventure. The shaved frios gras and the venison had to be the most memorable dishes. They changed the menu so giving too much detail is sort of a moot point. Moomfuku Ko needs to be on your bucket list.
Wow, it takes A LOT of effort to eat at Momofuku Ko, but it's worth it. Getting a reservation requires you to make an account on their official website and plan your dinner 10 days in advance. Reservations open at 10 AM EST daily and you can make a reservation for 1, 2, or 4 people. When I arrived for dinner, it took me a couple of minutes to find the restaurant. The entrance is super discreet, almost hidden. There's no sign, you have to look for the peach logo on the door. Once inside, I wasn't surprised to see that the interior was simple and cozy. It's bar seating only, with a maximum of 12 seats, and an open kitchen. I thought this was an interesting concept because there were three chefs who did all the cooking, plating, and serving, and you really got to see exactly how your food was prepared. It was like watching a mini episode of Iron Chef. Dinner is prix fixe at $125 per person. Since Momofuku Ko has a NO PHOTOGRAPHY policy, I had no idea what to expect. In fact, there was no menu and I was only asked if I had any food allergies by the host and one of the chefs... Fortunately, the food turned out to be AH. MA. ZING. It was definitely one of the rare occasions where I was ooh-ing, ahh-ing, and wow-ing after every dish. The meal consisted of an amuse-bouche, bread, seven courses, and two desserts. I would say my top three favorite courses of the evening were: Branzino with bluefoot mushroom, daikon, and shishito dashi. Very fresh and light tasting. Loved the flavors and the sauce. Foie gras with pine nut, lychee, and riesling. The dish seemed kinda plain and messy at first, but the flavors and textures were to die for! It was really fun having shaved foie gras and its saltiness mixed with the sweet riesling jelly was heaven. Muscovy duck with lime pickle and crème fraîche. My, oh my. This is one of those simple, yet delicious dishes that will haunt your dreams forever. The duck was perfectly cooked with mouth-watering, crispy skin and juicy, succulent meat. I should have licked the plate. My two least favorite dishes were probably: Farfalle with aged cheddar & beef, Brussel sprouts, and Szechuan peppercorn. I wasn't a huge fan of this pasta course because it was too salty. Also, the flavor was a bit heavy compared to the other dishes. Chocolate cake with mint ice cream and fernet branca. This was the most boring course of the whole meal. I didn't find anything special about the taste or presentation. Dinner took a little over two hours so plan accordingly! They also provided a copy of the menu after the meal, which was nice. Dress code is trendy casual. This was definitely one of the most delicious meals of my life. I can't wait to come back here!
seriously! have gone there several times and ordered something different each time. Everything has been scrumptious. Im not usually a fancy drink sort of guy. But the bartender, or should i say alcohol GOD, puts so much care aand love into each beverage that i had to order something. I got the manhatten WOW! It made me believe that i liked manhattens. So I have ordered them elsewhere, including esca, and they suck... Don't get to full because Milk is right next door.
off the hook experience.  if you can afford it, go here or for special occasion.  the multiple course meal with pairings blew us away at each serving.  I dont remember what half the names of the goodness we ingested were, but suffice to say you get to watch them make it and are blown away by the process.   really cool chefs that can tell you anything you want to know about the food you are eating, and will even share secret tips with you. my favorite moment was when I had something with a soft boiled egg on top of it.  I had just enough egg left where I needed to sop it up, at the exact moment I needed help most a magic chef appeared with a straight out of the oven perfectly cooked roll to dip up the egg yolk.   ill be back,
Five years after my first visit to Ko, I came back for an incredible, decadent lunch with my mother. 2014 Ko is more expensive and less difficult to get into than 2009 Ko, but it's as worth a splurge as ever. Our lunch was a three-hour experience, packed end to end with awe-inspiring bites. We shared a beverage pairing, which was the correct way to go for lunch. Two full ones would've been overkill--we were pretty buzzed by the time we left. The wines at our lunch were all sparkling, but there was enough variety that I thought the theme was well worth exploring. We had a sparkling pinot noir, a naturally sparkling rose, and a great apple cider; we had a moscato poured into a glass coated with green chartreuse. We also had a bit of beer and a welcome cocktail made with Averell Damson, a plum gin liqueur, mixed with bitters, soda, and a twist of lime. The meal started with a series of little bites, each one as memorable as the last. First came a tiny cup of pepper gazpacho with creme fraiche, mint, cucumber, and maybe a touch of jalapeño. Then we had meaty Shigoku oysters with rice vinegar mignonette, followed by pickled daikon radish made unctuous with bone marrow, topped with a sprinkle of kale powder. A crunchy cigar of pommes soufflé came piped full of chipotle sour cream. We had a lot of great seafood at this meal, some of it concentrated into a series of crudos. First up was the scallop with grilled cucumber, coriander flower, and almonds, a delicate dish with lovely, pronounced flavors. Second was the branzino with chili sesame sauce, nori powder, and a turnip salad, another fine use of raw fish. Third was my favorite, and one of the top dishes of the day--a salted, lightly pickled Spanish mackerel tataki served with kimchi juice, watermelon, wood sorrel, and black sesame. Next came asparagus with cauliflower mushroom, a firm seaweed, in jalapeño tomato water, which was all as weird as it sounds but assuredly fantastic. Then we had a tartare of sorts, a chopped portion of slow cooked lightly smoked trout served with grilled romaine, pecorino, red pepper condiment, and a miso date dressing. American caviar made an appearance in a bowl of potato purée with spring onions, topped off with a Sichuan pepper roasted potato broth. After that, a plate of grilled sepia and grilled rice with charred vegetables, lemon, and chili, in a roasted shishito pepper sauce. This cuttlefish was probably the best I've ever had, just supple and firm and full of flavor. Then there was torched meat, more specifically a dry-aged beef carpaccio served with smoked chicken salad, celery, porcini foam, and some shaved smoked duck. Next a fluffy puffed egg, dispensed from some kind of pressurizing can, flavored with bacon dashi, salted kombu, and chives. The last four savory courses were sizable and really felt like the bulk of the meal. The roasted lobster tail was one of my favorites of the day, sweet and meaty, served with a salad of herbs and myoga in a rich, foamy lobster sauce made from the juicy discarded lobster bodies. A side of laminated brioche was buttery and great for sopping up the sauce. After the lobster was a single, beautiful pasta dish: delicate bows of farfalle with snap peas, charred stinging nettles, and pickled ramp, served with an aged cheddar sauce hefted with bacon fat. Next up was another soaring favorite, slow cooked halibut in a sauce of heirloom tomato, radish, fermented lime, cucumber, and dill. The fish was cooked perfectly, moist and flaky and bathed in butter. Finally, we had a massive helping of roasted pork, carved off a giant slab that looked lovingly, carefully prepared, marinated for days and coated in spices. The pork was excellent, served with white kimchi, red onion, red kimchi sauce, and chili oil, but it was the only dish of our lunch that I couldn't finish. At this point I tagged in my sweet tooth, which was just about ready to roll. We transitioned into dessert with Ko's signature shaved foie gras with lychees, pine nut brittle, and Riesling gelée. I can't tell you how happy I was to reencounter this dish. I remembered it vividly five years later, and it didn't let me down. The first true dessert was goat cheesecake with a Graham cracker crust and shiso meringue, served with a spoonful of kalamansi sour orange sorbet and a shiso spray. The second was a ridiculous tres leches cake with an ooey black sesame middle, plated with plums and dulce de leche ice cream, a knockout dessert. We ended on a light note with a bowl of green tomato sorbet with frozen strawberry, strawberry cream, candied buckwheat, and an effervescent foam of strawberry elderflower vermouth soda. An almond macaron filled with blueberry-miso cream was our final bite, and it was just right. I was blown away by this meal, and I'm sad that this was my first and last time eating most of these splendid dishes. I hope the shaved foie is still around when I come back in 2019, but I'll eat anything Team Ko throws my way.
Went there for a late(r) night meal (10pm) , however no matter what time you get in you HAVE to go . You won't regret it being late. They probably could be a little bit less "difficult" with their reservation system but in a market such a NYC you can afford it. The food has been reviewed many times over and I can only recommend the tasting menu with pairings. The quality , execution and flavor profiles are amazing and the wine/cocktail/beer pairings work very well together. All in all an excellent value for the money spent .
Yeah, that was probably the most fun eating I've had in a long time. I wish though, they'd enforce the no-camera, no-phone policy a bit better.
Round 2 with Momofuku, again, a miss. They play loud rock music, - you are supposed to sit three hours on a bar stool  without chair support and with a warm and burning kitchen in your face. We had to ask to the waiter to change us of that place because we were about to die from the heat. Our backs were hurting bad afterwards, we needed to recover the next day. Super uncomfortable. Why so many good reviews in Yelp? It makes me doubt about the rating system.  The hosts were uber east village trendy , tattoos, long beards and looked like they hadn't showered. They were not the friendliest either. Their wine list is very bad, their attitude is hippie trendy wanna be.It is very expensive for that uncomfortable experience.
I celebrate with food. It's how I want to build memories or associate important milestones. Ko is a worthy spot for memory building. First, I would like to laud Ko's online reservation system. It's smooth and painless. I managed to get 3 reservations for my party and we narrowed it down to 1 rather quickly. There is a $150 cancellation fee per person if within 24 hours. Upon entering, we were asked to leave our coats and bags at the front. We were then taken to our seats. We had the benefit of sitting at the far end, away from the cold. They layer their course arrangement about 6 at a time. Halfway through our meal, a new 6 arrived. There is seating for 12 here. Since picture taking isn't allowed, I tried to remember the full descriptions as they chefs presented the food in front of us. Besides the 10 courses, we enjoyed a appetizers such as pork rind, brussel sprouts with apple and mustard, and potato & bacon croquettes. Favorites include the potato based chowder with littleneck clams, barbecued shrimp, and andouille sausage. This was the first time I ever enjoyed shrimp. Another was the potato bread with smoked butter that accompanied the sturgeon caviar with hard boiled egg. She loved the celery root tortellini and I slurped down the shishito pepper puree topping the Mediterranean sea bass. We remarked on the shaved foie gras dish and complimented the earl gray pannacotta with calamansi ice cream. Overall, a thoroughly enjoyable experience. Note that the service charge is not included in your bill.
The food is good but nothing stands out dramatically or would make me want to go back again. The dumb thing about this place is that they have a "no picture rule". You mean to tell me that I'm paying for an expensive dinner and I can't even take a picture with my friends?! Weirdo
This is your destination if you accept uneven quality to try experimental dishes. I'd never think to love a combination of soft-boiled egg, caviar, and potato chips but also tried a melon and cucumber soup that, while interesting and complex in flavor, ultimately had mixed quality. That kind of end-result enjoyment bounced up and down through the courses and kept KO as an interesting experience but not a truly great one. I could see experienced foodies in search of new tastes loving this place.
Don't read the reviews from people that didn't give the Momo five stars. Those nice people are nuts. I've had the real thing in Japan and this place rocks the ramen just as well as the best places in Kyoto. It's awesome. Have the pork buns as a warm up. They come with a steamed bun (kind of hum-bao-ish) and have shredded pork and cucumber inside with a delicious sauce. They're perfect to share before getting your big bowl of ramen. My fav is the pork neck ramen. That's right people - pork neck. Eat it. Because it's super tender delicious shredded pork in savory broth with other yummy items.
I seriously have the best friends. Friends that are so awesome that they would suffer the traumatic and stressful experience that comes with securing reservations for Momofuku Ko. I have heard horror stories regarding those little peach calendar squares with the X's, and the ever-failing email login system. It's just too much for me to bear...That's why I'm thankful for my friends, and for the coveted reservation at Ko. By some power of culinary alchemy, David Chang's Midas touch literally turns everything into gold. Throw him an ingredient and he'll for sure return it in another form, combined with the most creative of ingredients that will please almost anyone's palette. I've eaten at Ssam, Noodle Bar, Milk, and Ma Peche, ordered a la carte, ordered family style pre-fixe, ordered cookies by the dozens to be given as gifts, and have never had a bad experience. Surely certain dishes stand out more than others, but if you're one that's scared to take chances, any one of his restaurants will definitely not disappoint. My dinner at Ko rounded off my Chang experience! Mind you, the service was pretty crap, but we came for the food. The dining adventure, from the amuse bouche to dessert left me with a high. Everything was gold. I felt like a million bucks, without spending a million bucks. And I did this with great friends. So money!
My boyfriend and I finally decided to make a reservation at Ko for this past weekend, and it did not disappoint! We loved being able to watch the chefs at work, and they were all super friendly and happy to talk about the dishes with the customers. I also loved that the dress code is a little more relaxed, and they have a great playlist of pop/rock/classic music that makes the place feel unpretentious. We opted for the drink pairing, which was completely worth it. Everything was paired so thoughtfully and expertly -- it was a true enhancement to the meal. Standouts were the cucumber, avocado, and hazelnut soup with creme fraiche -- literally made me smile as I was eating it. Fried short ribs were incredible. The soft boiled egg and caviar is probably one of the best things I've ever eaten. They give you amazing sourdough bread to mop up the bowl, which is just too good. Like others have said, the shaved foie gras over lychee and riesling gelee is delicious. Both that dish and the egg are always on the menu, I think. The only thing that fell slightly flat for us was dessert, which was two courses: a celery sorbet and a carrot cake. They were both interesting and definitely seasonally appropriate, but I would have loved something slightly less savory to balance it out! We were glad to leave the tasting full, as other restaurants' tasting menus have left our stomachs growling later! They also give you a lovely printed menu to take home with you. Overall, a really fun and memorable dining experience!
A friend of mine visiting from LA introduced me to Momofuku in the Fall after reading about it in the NY Metro Cheap Eats issue.  I guess it was early on, since there was no line to get in.  The bar style seating was not was I was expecting, nor something I generally prefer.   However, the Ramen was unbelievable.  I had spent a few months in South East Asia last year, and had noodles for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and after a night out binge drinking.  This was just as authentic as any I had ever eaten.  The kicker? All the ingredients are FRESH.  None of the grease that I had grown accustomed to in the truly authentic Asian noodles, and hey, they can keep it.   Yes, it is pricey, but the portions are huge!  I have been back several times, always for lunch and always when they open, so I haven't had to wait.  Not sure if I would give it 5 stars if I went later in the day and had to wait outside in the cold, but until then, I will keep bringing my favorite people to my favorite noodle spot for lunch.  Also, I try to limit my carb intake, but hell, I make an exception for Momofuku.
Soooooo crowded on a Wednesday afternoon. We just wanted the pork buns so we got it to go. Took about 15 minutes for it to come and we ate it outside. Ohhh fat, oily, soft goodness. Perhaps a little too much fat though. And the buns were tiny! Two bites and I was done. I think I liked ippudos buns better though! So three stars it is!
Most amazing meal I've had thus far. Service was impeccable and the chefs were friendly and chatted with the patrons. My boyfriend planned this for my birthday - apparently reservations weren't that difficult to get after all, as long as you're one of the first ones to snag a spot 10 days in advance. We had a wine pairing with the meal. It was a Wednesday and we didn't want to drink too much so we shared the alcohol. It was a great assortment of drinks that went well with each course. As for the food, you really have to try it for yourself to know how great it is. While some of the courses are definitely somewhat inspired by Asian cuisines, they're all quite unique. A mix of flavors and textures in each bite. I didn't think we'd be as stuffed as we were by the end of the meal. I would love to come back here again some day.
Hmm......I consider myself a harsh critic (excluding myself of course!) and am real stingy when it comes to doling out 5 star reviews. In fact, I'm sure there's only a handful of places I've given the fiver to! That being said, Momofuku Ko most definitely earned the fiver for serving some of the most innovative and delicious dishes I've ever eaten. I can't remember all 10 of the plates we were served, 2 of which were desserts. I DO remember wanting MORE of certain plates we were served I specifically remember wiping out the duck we were served which is SHOCKING cuz I NEVER eat duck! YES, it was THAT GOOD! We had the pleasure of chatting with one of the chefs who is a real sweetheart. The music was way kewl and the entire vibe was real laid back for a place that is near impossible to get into! There wasn't a single plate my huny and I disliked and the fact that we were both feeling full by around the 4th plate did NOT STOP us from inhaling every single dish put in front of us! LOL! Despite it being a tight space with very limited seating, we never felt rushed which made the entire dining experience really enjoyable. We were able to actually enjoy the dishes AND have a normal conversation. At no time during the 2hrs+ meal did anyone hover over us or make us feel uncomfy. I most def plan to make return visits here IF I'm able to work my magical fingers to score another rezzie! Trust me Yelper's, it is truly worth the Benjamin's you drop here! -
An authentic ramen noodle house?  NOPE. Don't come here if you're expecting that or you'll be greatly disappointed. A good East Asian fusion bar with a huge emphasis on the quality of ingredients?  HELLLLLLLLLLL YEAH. The first time I tried Momofuku Noodle Bar when it first opened, I was far from impressed.  I'm a tonkotsu (pork bone broth) ramen fanatic, and the starchy, gummy homemade noodles and wan broth just didn't do it for me. However, on subsequent trips I found that they improved their signature dish so I let go of my uptight ramen expectations: the noodles were al dente but still too starchy for my taste; the broth both porky and clear (kind of a wannabe shiio mixed with tonkotsu); and the toppings of thick slices of Berkshire pork, a gently coddled egg, sliced scallions, bean sprouts, and seaweed are a soothing mix, especially after popping the egg and mixing it into the broth. (I feel the need to write the chef to tell him to name it something else since it isn't real ramen; it only creates stupid expectations.) The main draw for me actually isn't the noodles.  The seasonal menu always reflects the best produce and organic meat from small farms.  All the vegetables I've tried over the course of over a year have been home runs: baby brussel sprouts roasted with pancetta and doused with kimchi puree, broiled asparagus (so that the tips have a crisp bite, but the rest of the stem is juicy) with miso butter and a coddled egg on top, braised bok choy with sweetened chili fish broth and fried shallots...and the list goes on.  Another favorite is their roasted rice cakes, the chef's take on traditional duk bok gi.  The cylindrical rice cakes are roasted so that the outside crisps up (the insides are still soft) before sauteeing with roasted onions and a spicy and sweet chili sauce with pork fat.  I also absolutely heart the Berkshire pork steamed buns.  A juicy chunk of Berkshire pork with thin slices of cucumber doused with Hoisin sauce, then wedged in a perfectly steamed Chinese bun; so simple, and so damn good.  Other recommendations are the cured hamachi, crispy pig tails, roasted corn, and oxtail soup.  The dumplings are pretty good, too. Unfortunately, there are a few mediocre dishes to avoid on the menu. The oysters with kimchi puree and the peashoots with rice cakes are too bland, the aged Benton country ham is sickeningly salty (which is too bad because the masa cakes served with it are really good), and the softshell crabs are too chewy. There's only bar seating available with about 20 seats total, so expect to wait to eat (no reservations).  The kitchen takes up a third of this tiny restaurant so most seats offer a great view of the chefs slaving away, but be warned that it gets hotter the closer you sit to the kitchen.  Also note that it's definitely on the pricey side for what it is...
Very very good place
After trying to get a reservation for one week online, I finally scored one for Friday night.   I would say out of the 14 courses only 4 were amazing: Snail & chicken sausage with black truffle over egg noodles and crispy chicken skin, the shaved Foie Gras over Riesling jelly and Leeches, the smoked soft cooked egg with caviar and a really well cooked - rare - duck breast that was supper tender.  Some of the sushi type dishes were good, but nothing that blew me away.  There was a soup, a skate wing with almond foam (I thought David was against foam..), some small canapé type dishes like a fried lamb ball, a raw shrimp with a too spicy sauce and a pork rind.  The desert was a butternut squash ice cream that was interesting, but not something I would order again. Watching the chefs (3) cook the food in front of you and chat with them while you eat was cool and the wine pairing was terrific and perfectly matched the food (11 small glasses). Overall, I thought the food was very fun and interesting, but for a 2 star Michelin restaurant I was expecting something more amazing.  The 4 courses I mentioned earlier were indeed out of this world, but the other 10 were not very memorable.
I am a huge pork fan.  I love it in every form.  Momofuku does a great job on the steamed pork buns and the pork (sliced pork belly and also shredded almost like carnitas) in the Momofuku ramen.  However, one unfortunately can't eat just pork and this is where my review of Momofuku goes south.  It's basically a trendy ramen house.  I was very disappointed to see peas in ramen (frozen peas no less).  Soup was also fairly salty and really lacked that tastiness that ramen noodles are supposed to have.  Prices are also extremely high for what you get.
It's been almost two years since my last review of Momofuku Ko, so it's time for an update:  still brilliant! It takes a rare chef who can continue the magical creativity after six years, but Chef Sean Gray succeeds wonderfully.  While I still have dinner at Ko fairly often, it's been more than a year and a half since I had lunch at Ko. Lunch is a more luxurious meal that lasts more than three hours and rivals Eleven Madison Park and Atera (my two other favorite restaurants) for exquisite dining. Ko is now providing a printed menu at the end of the meal, so I no longer need to take notes. The following was today's menu (the menu at Ko changes often so many of the menu items (other than the foie gras) will change): Amuses Snapper tartare - jelly, onion Spot prawn - asparagus, jalapeño, vinegar Hamachi - radish, rye, broccoli Sunchoke - sardine, nasturtium, orange Trout - beet, bagel spice, tarragon Scallop - horseradish, Asian pear, mushroom broth Grilled sepia - lemon, chili, rice Beef tartare - quail egg, oat, burnt pickle onion Puffed egg - bacon dashi, shio kombu Lobster tail - sauce, croissant, myoga Macaroni - nettle, ramp, anchovy Halibut - brussel sprout, uni, apple Pork - white kimchi, cumin seed, chili oil Foie gras - pinenut, lychee, riesling Yellow cake - black truffle, grapefruit, sesame Goat cheesecake - shiso, calamansi Mushroom - chocolate, huckleberry, espresso Hozon macaron Bottom line: I can't believe I ate everything (did leave part of the delicious pork dish because it was a huge piece), but everything was wonderful. Sometimes through a tasting menu there might be a dish that I may not be thrilled with. Not at Ko: everything was perfect. If I wasn't worried about regaining all of the weight that I lost two years ago, I'd make another lunch reservation ASAP! Hurry and make your reservation soon! P.S. service was (as always) friendly and attentive.
I don't give 5 stars often but this was a superlative meal; my partner even suggested it might have been the best meal she's ever had at a restaurant. This is not faint praise. So the up front, it's a pain to get a table, I've been vaguely trying for a while now without anything to show and then with more than little luck and 930 reservations for 2 on a Friday The space is the old noodle bar space, super narrow, quite dark and similar to degustation (but more so) you eat right in front of the chefs. There's a lot of the standard blond momofuku wood, but the lighting does give it a sort of monastic vibe. Some have noted the music, I didn't find it even really notable, generic indie rock highlights from the last 2 years, never once did I think it too loud or in any way distracting, tho based on the music in the other restaurants, this could also be something that suffers from schizophrenia. The service is great, in as far as the wait staff shows polish in pouring drinks, the rest of the service is really done by the chefs and they're definitely knowledgeable but some are friendlier than others, so a bit of luck there helps depending on who you're seated in front of.   The cost, its pricey, and with wine pairing is like $220 but I thought it better overall and definitely better value than the 11 course gourmand tasting menu + wine pairing at eleven Madison park ($300). The food, hmm let me try to rebuild the menu had something like the below, but not necessarily in this order, and at least 1 more course. My memory isn't great but here's what ive been able to pull through the haze of time -amuse bouche including simmered duck breast, black pepper biscuit, poached lobster with fried broccoli, artisanal pork rind thing -fluke sashimi in a spicy buttermilk sauce with poppy seeds and chives -spanish mackerel with puffed rice balls and radish shoots with orange zest -oxtail and amaro soup with daikon dumplings (filled with oxtail and carmelized onions) -almond crusted skate -hand torn pasta with crispy chicken skin and chicken and snail sausage in a sage butter sauce -shaved foie gras torchon with lychee -duck breast with blackened mustard greens -spiced white wine sorbet The food was all excellently prepared, well seasoned, excellent technique. Asian influences abound which I enjoyed personally and showed a dedication to some sort of momofuku ethic I appreciated. The meal was well spaced and timed, plating excellent, you know, stuff. The point was the food was really outstanding, I didn't think there was a single weak link and thought all of the dishes on their own and as a collective were superb. Ko, hats off
We have to be honest: the ramen craze isn't for everyone. To enjoy a meal here, you have to first get over the huge markup. But for what it is--tasty add-ons, buns steamed to perfection, bar seating and spotlights--Momofuku does well. And lumped together with the other trendy east village ramen joints, they deserve a spot in the upper percentile.
Went here after referral by a couple different friends. Place opened at 12:30 but already packed at 12:39. Fortunately got a seat at the community table. Service is pretty quick. Hubby and I got the shrimp buns and momufuku noodles. Buns were so good! Has a little kick and different from the normal pork buns, yum! Noodles were well made, hubby enjoyed the one piece of pork belly in the dish. Good stop for warm buns and warm noodles!
Again, I thought I've reviewed this place, but I guess not. What is served here is not that special I thought. I think the hyped pork sandwich is just ok in reality, it's been done many times in Asian restaurant, the same idea with Banh Mi, but just now recently introduced to a broader audience. Just because you can stuff lots of meat that does not make a 'better' tasting sandwich. The Pork Ramen was ok as well, I've had better at some Japanese restaurant in California. I think this restaurant has a certain attitude to them. One person was nice, but the others seems to have built this wall around them or something.
How does this place only average out to a 3.5 right now? I love the ramen here, I may not be a ramen connoisseur like many of the people here proclaim to be, but i've eaten at most of the places in the area and this is my favorite. The waits do suck, but for that berkshire pork and noodles I'll deal. I haven't eaten in the new space yet, and I hear the waits have gone down which would be awesome. Can't wait for Momofuku Ko to open next!
At once one of the most amazing and overwhelming dining experiences I've ever had. The boyfriend and I snagged a lunch reservation on a Saturday to celebrate his birthday. We probably looked like idiots consulting our smart phones and walking back and forth around the block to finally find the discreet entrance to Momofuku Ko. Our lunch was a three hour extravaganza, during which the chefs would present to us dish-by-dish a morsel of an incredible David Chang culinary creation (props to you, good sir). We had 18 dishes in total. Every dish was carefully prepared with top notch ingredients and impeccably arranged. According to one of the chefs, the lunch menu is a little more experimental than the dinner menu. However, if you find yourself there, pray you get to try their snapper tartare, trout salad, lobster tail, foie gras with lychee, and tres leches cake with black sesame and cherry garnish. Amazing amazing amazing! I hesitate to give 5 stars for a couple reasons: 1) With 18 courses, you obviously have a few hits and misses. Misses for me were the puffed egg with bacon dashi (disappointingly sub par - the only item I had the audacity to think "I can make that - and better") and the nettle ravioli (disappointingly salty). 2) Other yelpers mention this also, but I reiterate their comments on the uncomfortableness of the bar stools. You would think a place as expensive as Ko would be able to invest in stools with back support if they are going to have patrons sit through a 2-3 hour meal. 3) I do not believe the human body is meant to endure an 18-course/three hour lunch. As amazing as the food was, afterwards my body did not react kindly to the slow, almost torturous stuffing of my stomach. Would I go back? Maybe in a couple years, if I feel like dropping that much $$$$ for lunch again.
Food coma! 16 freakin' courses over 3 hours for the pre fixe lunch sitting. My body shut down for a 3 hour nap afterwards. I recommend ko not only for the creative, innovative and delicious food, but also for the amazing experience of the chefs preparing each course in a controlled symphony for just 12 lucky patrons. My favorite experience was watching the sausage stuffed duck develop it's perfectly crisp skin. Every time they checked on it, the brown colored skin just kept getting deeper and deeper- truly magnificent. They only used the breasts for the course, but I really wanted to eat the scraps as well. Other fav's were the roasted corn soup, warm bagel stuffed with bacon and chive cream cheese, green tomato sorbet, and strawberry sorbet. Staff was very attentive and courteous. Just wished the stools were more comfortable, a bed woulda been nice.
Rank: A. Irreplicable Gem. A unique dining experience. The two knocks that I would have on the dining experience is that the galley kitchen environment with the stools is remarkably sparse and slightly uncomfortable for 3+ hours (especially when you're tipsy with a wine pairing - generous pours), and you do not having any real notion of what is coming next. However, those two slights may also make the patrons focus more intently on the food, and be at the whims of the chef(s) who would likely know what foods/flavors go together and in sequence. The highlight of the evening was the shaved foie gras. I can't speak enough praises about this dish. Frank Bruni put it best in his review: "then there's that arresting foie gras, a torchon of which is frozen so it can be shaved into a loosely packed snowball. This preserves the liver's creaminess while tempering its unctuousness, and it's rounded out with a brittle of cashews or pine nuts..." Similar to Per Se's Oyster and Pearls, or Neta/Masa's cocktail glass of toro tartar w/ caviar, this shaved foie gras is equally transcendent.
Amazing food and service! Informed them of my allergy to sulfites at time of reservation, and they had a few dishes custom designed for me ahead of time w sulfite-free coconut milk, sake and rice wine vinegar. Favorites were the scallops, soft boiled egg, and fried short ribs. Small plates but with 12+ courses and unlimited fresh baked sourdough, we left satiated and satisfied. Not cheap at $125/person, but great value for the quantity, quality and presentation. Highly recommend and look forward to returning in the near future!
Ko was amazing.  I went there for a 14 course lunch and wasn't disappointed.  After about the 4th or 5th course I'd felt like I had my money's worth.  We didn't opt for any alcohol pairing, and I'm glad, I might have been overwhelmed. It didn't matter because after the second course I felt drunk, probably on euphoria. The food was expertly prepared and there were flavors dancing throughout every dish.  There were things like parsnip ice cream dusted in burnt onion powder that somehow melded together and tasted like magic.  The famous foie gras dish that was sweet and savory and unctuous, all at once.   No, the chef's don't say much to you, and I feel that is a good thing.  This meal is about the food, not about getting chatty with the guy who is busy making it for you.  They're also working together to properly plate and serve this elaborate meal to all 12 people at the bar.  It is fascinating to watch them work together and coordinate food to each of the groups at the bar.   Eating at Ko, and I imagine other high-end restaurants with tasting menus, is not like eating a meal in a normal restaurant.  The fact that you are full at the end of the meal just happens to be a pleasant side-effect.  The meal is really just about the experiences of the food.  There are things that surprise you and make you think and make you realize that there are so many possibilities with food that you haven't imagined.
rounded down from 4.5 stars i've been here five times -- twice for dinner, three times for lunch -- and it's been consistently exceptional.  i always appreciate the uncompromising nature of the place, as well as its utter lack of self-seriousness. it would be great if the menu changed more often but maybe i shouldn't have gone there so many times within such a short time span.  but the food here is excellent, the primary operative behind every dish simply being tastiness.  they aren't trying to win you over with techniques or food trends, just to satisfy your mouth and fill your stomach with delicious eats.  i've never had a problem with an especially impersonal chef but then again i don't try to engage them in full-on conversation, as they're there working, not to socialize.  for those of you who've listed their unwillingness to give you attention as a con for momofuku ko, get better friends. my one gripe is that i wish christina tosi would step up the desserts; they're too pedestrian at dinner and too experimental at lunch.  i'm all for "interesting" and using unusual flavors/ingredients in sweet preparations but when that takes precedent over being good, then there's a problem.
I really don't know what to think about this place. I've been to this 2 Michelin Star restaurant twice, once for a weekday dinner and once for a weekend lunch and both times I wish I could have called someone to forklift me out and back to my place on the west side. It's that intense. It's in the East Village, in a small spot that can easily be missed. You walk inside to a small bar where they seat you from the back to the front according to when you walk in. I believe there are two sittings at a time so one side of the bar is one reservation time. It's an open kitchen concept and you really truly watch the chefs make each and every part of your food. The chefs are all badass types too with tattoos and earrings but they for sure know how to make mean food. In the background, you hear old school rock music. Totally a trip. These guys served over 26 courses for lunch and around 23 for dinner, with dishes ranging from flash frozen foie gras over lychee and jelly to simple mozzarella sticks to duck. If you add the beverage pairing along with it, be prepared for another wild mind screwing adventure where they will give you champagne, then wine, then beer, then wine, then root beer, then wine, then ginger ale, etc etc. After eating here both times, my company and I had to walk over to Cha-an in St. Marks to try and walk off the giant bathtub of food we just ate and drink tea to try and digest it even further. IT DOESN'T HELP!!! This is my only drawback to the restaurant, it's just too much food. I agree that the reservation system is stupid but it goes along with the entire "iconoclast" that Chef David Chang is and the theme of this particular off the wall restaurant. What an experience this was, one that you won't have anywhere else in the world. Be prepared for an adventure from the moment you make a reservation to thinking of ways to walk off what you just ate. You should not walk in with a conventional 3 Michelin Star restaurant mindset that the restaurant will be proper, rather it's meant to break all the rules of a traditional restaurant. HAVE FUN!
Without a doubt, one of the most memorable meals I've had in the past five years.  Ko finds itself in the company of Bouchon, Hatfield's, Grace, Chestnut, all of which are on my trim list of places churning out some incredible food. I admit I was bored with the first four or so courses (if you can even call them that). But from the smoked egg, to the tortelloni course, onward to the lamb chop, to the halibut, to the shaved fwahh grahh course, to the fantastic sponge-cake-with-black-sesame desert, in retrospect I feel it was hard to process what was going on, as each dish (incomprehensibly) managed to get better than the one that came before it. How is that possible? Just a really fantastic two hours of pure pleasure. Highly recommended.
The pork buns are always delicious! I had the tamales last night, I wouldn't order them again, I'll just order more buns!
Amazing!! If you are an adventurous foodie, this is a must try. I went for dinner for my boyfriend's birthday- only 12 seats at the bar so you feel very special for just being there. My boyfriend and I laughed because we barely spoke throughout the 2 hour meal.  We were mesmerized by the chefs cooking inches in front of us. The menu was similar to those stated below so I won't repeat. A lot of seafood and raw food, so make sure you are prepared for that. Casual dress, can really wear anything. I really enjoyed my experience but I know it isn't for everyone. Can't wait to return!
Epic meal... Every course was slamming... There is nothing I can say that has not been said...I still have dreams about the shaved foie...The tortellini with the sweetbreads and pickled watermelon was unreal...Smoked egg with caviar...Pssshh...Sickening...Some serious ass cooking going on in this place...Worth the price of admission...Get on this as soon as you can people...
Very good with exciting and very creative dishes.  If I had not known about the two Michelin stars I may have enjoyed Momofuku Ko more.  Expectations were very high and its easier to impress when there are little to no expectations.  I understand the dining style here but really did not feel I got enough food for what I paid.  The wines and sakes in the wine pairing were excellent and worked well with the dishes.  I don't know if I'll be back.
Took my mother and a couple of other people here to celebrate her birthday, and it was a great experience. Definitely not as lavish or the same level of comfort most restaurants at this level of cuisine, but that's not why you go here. I/We loved their mixed drinks (both the pairing and their non-alcoholic house drinks), and I feel their level of creativity complimented the menu. There's nothing I can add which hasn't been said in other reviews; the food was excellent, very creative and all the flavors came together very well.
My husband and I went here 1/3/14 and loved it.  It definitely lived up to our expectations and I'd rate it higher but am limited to 5 stars.  Who else could make a corn polenta soup taste so amazing?!  There's also something frustrating yet liberating about their no pic policy that seemed to add to the whole experience.
couldnt help feeling robbed blindly by this place. the atmosphere feels tense...voices have to be kept at a low whisper otherwise you'll be speaking to 5 chefs and about all the other patrons. hosts and waiters are polite and friendly, chefs on the other hand....some were snobby and others werent. breaking it down--a few dishes are absolutely mind blowing and i would say 75% arent. mainly because some dishes i just couldnt stomach---raw food, in particular the sea urchin, the fish. then the caviar. creativity wise--10+ points but was it worth it worth $200? not for me. the lamb, biscuit, and custard were memorable as i was wow'ed...but you're better off paying half the price for a bombass meal at momofuku saam.
Momofuku Ko is amazing. We loved our meal - the shaved Foie Gras is an experience unto itself. At 125 Dollars it's not cheap - but you get a lot of bang for your buck. We will be back!
Had dinner on a monday here. every dish was good.  But the first bunch of courses all had a ultra savory taste-not enough variety in my opinion. When they served the duck as the last savory course- my friend n i both thought- really? Thats it? we r not full. Overall u feel a certain disappointment  due to  some LACK even though all the courses were pretty good. The 2 desserts were excellent . at the end - both the chef and the waitress said 'if ur still hungry i recommend this and this place.."  we didn't complain, so why did they think we were still hungry? Is it cus they don't even think there's enough food ?--that's why they would recommend some other places that are more filling to go to afterwards. so i went to Xi'an (the place the chef recommended, and I happen to like anyways)  and got some noodles to go afterwards:) overall i'd still say the experience was decent. Maybe it's the mood I was in that made the meal here not spectacular.
Yes it does live up to the hype as much as i sort of wish it didn't.  The shave foie gras with lychees was out of the world.  Ambience was nothing special, it's a bit warm and you're basically sitting at a bar watching the various chefs work. I really can't stand chang, but this is his one restaurant i'd pay to go back to.
Came here with my lover for my birthday and was blown away by the shaved foie gras!! Contrary to the other reviewer, I don't even like foie gras but this was divineeeee (the lychee paired with it didn't hurt either). Also loved the intimate feel of 12 seats at the chef's table. Here's a basic list of what we had: 1) house pork rind 2) carrot roll with grapefruit 3) egg custard and fennel chip 4) lobster with beef salad 5) red snapper tartare with fish bone jelly 6) spanish mackerel with rice crisps- yikes too much horseradish 7) smoked pepper soup with housemade brioche 8) sweet potato bread. soft boiled egg and american sturgeon caviar 9) rutabaga dumpling with smoked trout consomme 10) skate wing with brown butter, daikon radish and vietnamese fish sauce- RIDICULOUSLY TENDER. SHO GOOD. 11) shaved foie gras over lychee, pine nut brittle, and riesling gelee - looked like something crunchy until it actually just melted all together into heaven. superb. 12) venison steak with pomegranate juice and kale puree 13) frozen chocolate cake with some kind of pudding 14) coconut lime sherbet with lime and rum meringue and frozen banana I think the fact that no photos are allowed is quite ridiculous, yes we are meant to enjoy the moment, but what if I want a quick snapshot to remember crystal clear the beautiful platings, colors, and textures? I promise no flash, no shutter sound, no multiple angles..! Alas all I have to cherish is the memory of 13 perfectly harmonious dishes and a life-changing shaved foie gras melting in my incredulous mouth.
I had heard David Chang on the Moth podcast and really loved his attitude and his manner of speaking about food.  I figured, why not?  I'll give it a try. Quite possibly the greatest decision I ever made in my life. Truly worthy of every penny (underpriced if you ask me) Totally worthy of every second of my time.   In my opinion, deserves at least AT LEAST 3 Michelin stars... Bravo David, bravo!
An amazing 22 course lunch.  Spend the money, it is so worth it.
After watching a season of David Chang's "Mind of a Chef," I decided I needed to get in here. I attempted to book a table at 10:00 and was promptly denied! All tables filled immediate. I checked in later and saw some openings, so if you are flexible with your time, tables do open up often, so be sure to check the website. We got there early and they were running late, but seeing my wife on crutches, the seated us immediately. Extra points for the accommodation. The night was a play of flavors and textures, and at $125 per person, I think this is a great price for the meal. The one caveat I'll throw out there is not to get the drinks pairing. At $100 per person, I didn't really feel like it added to the meal, and wasn't a ton of alcohol for what you pay. On to the food (which changes regularly): Oyster with sake foam - fresh oyster and innovative with the sake foam. Flavors you know delivered in a way you don't know. Smoked Fish and Everything Bagel - again, flavors you know and love in a way you've never had. The bagel is actually overcooked rice, puréed, and baked into a thin chip with everything flavorings. Lobster salad in cucumber - tasty, for sure, but a little on the ordinary side. Tataki of mackerel, pickled shallots - great flavor in the fish, wit tasty pickled vegetables. Scallop with burnt onions and nori - I don't think you could ever go wrong with raw scallops. Roasted Pepper Soup and Brioche - this was ok... Didn't love it. Eggs and eggs with fresh bread and smoked butter - soft poached egg with caviar. Almost tasted like smoked salmon eggs Benedict. Great flavors, and very cool. Foie Gras and Lychee and pine nut brittle and reisling jelly - super rich and indulgent. The lychee cuts through the fat, but you need to love foie gras to enjoy this dish. Celery Root Tortellini - just a really great pasta dish. Left you wanting more. Skate Wing with brown butter fish sauce - I love skate. It's like crab in fish form. This is a tasty dish. Venison Saddle with Kale Puree and Sunchokes - the venison was prepared so well, you could have cut it worth a spoon. Squash Cake and Olive Oil Ice Cream - pretty tasty dessert. Coconut Lime Sorbet with Rum Lime Meringue, Frozen Banana - lots of great flavors here melding perfectly. The powdered sugar here was actually thin slice bananas, roasted, dehydrated, and put in a spice grinder and turned into a fine powder. When you are here, talk to the chefs and ask questions about the components of your meal. You'll be amazed to learn how much effort goes into a single bite. Overall, this place is a must, and worth the effort of flexibility to go when there is an opening. Only thing I don't recommend here is the drink pairing.
I am happily unaware of the reputation of this place except for the few bits I was told by my eating partner while chowing down a bowl of ramen. I didn't read any of the other reviews here, so I am not biased by that either. I was lucky enough to avoid the line by joining a friend-of-a-friend who was dining alone with a seat available. So that part didn't bias me either. By the looks of it, this place is trying to be a hip, New York version of a Japanese ramen store and it's definitely got the lines outside the door to show for it. About the food. The ramen is good. I got the momofuku ramen which is two types of pork and a poached egg. I highly recommend soft-boiled / poached egg for ramen anywhere you go. It goes great with the salty broth. I've never had poached egg before and I think I still prefer soft boiled (but really soft please and while you're at it, can you marinate it first, I love that). The broth was very rich, but it was still somewhat bland. I think it could use a little kick of something. The noodles were al-dente, but again, I think the quality of the noodles need a notch up. In my mind, the 3 fundamentals of chasu / buta ramen are: broth, noodles and pork. Now to the pork: No complaints here. The pork melts in your mouth and is very tasty. I looooove this kind of pork. Don't get me wrong. It's *really* hard to find good ramen in general and I am not familiar with the options in New York, but I am still pretty picky about it. I would definitely go back to this place one day, but I think I should research the general ramen landscape in this city. Bottom line: Very good, but probably a bit too "discovered" for its quality. There must be something better out there in Manhattan...
All of the dishes were wonderfully unorthodox/playful and well executed. The drink recommendations were equally unexpected and enjoyable.  The staff were all friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating.  A fantastic informal fine dining experience.
Perhaps it was because we just had really excellent fine dining that it made my experience here only A-OK. Nevertheless, here's my verdict: Food - Creative and interesting. I only really enjoyed 3 of the dishes they had. 2 of them were the dessert. The other one was the foie gras with lychee. That was amazing to me. The little appetizers were delicious but not a wow factor. The rest of the dishes were creative and interesting but just wasn't making my tongue happy. There were some interesting dishes that I was wondering and not used to having for dinner such as the egg custard thing and aged cheese with pasta. If you want experience with different elements of food, then this is the place... But I wanted to be at a place that wowed me with their different elements of food. Service - The staff was friendly. I wish our chef talked to us more or smiled a little more or didn't put such loud rock music that I couldn't hear what they were saying when they were introducing the dishes to us. I didn't feel very welcomed or wanted. They made my friend feel awesome about trying new things, though...which was cool. Also, I wish they provided a list of the food they served. The place was too secretive for me. So secretive, that we actually walked passed the restaurant and found it later on. They don't allow photos and I think that even meant photos with friends. I wish they provided the list so that I can remember it and be able to google things like how foie gras was made, but i guess that's the point for it to be hidden...so that we couldn't do that kind of stuff. Overall, if you want an experience of different flavors and such, then it's worth a visit. I don't consider this place as a dining experience. It just felt more like a single-blinded tasting laboratory to me.
Lately I realize that 'orgasmic' and 'unpredictable' are thrown around to describe food like cheap adjectives. Ko is by far, in my opinion, and experience, one of the VERY FEW places in this world that fully warrants those high praises. Imagine this simple concept: a spoonful of sautéd mushrooms with green onions, topped with a fluffy pile of New England uni. Before handing this miniature dish to my face I had expected it to be good, or great even (sea urchin easily entices my salivary glands). But never did I imagine it to be utterly, incomprehensibly magnificent! The marriage of the perfectly savorous mushrooms and the beautiful creaminess of the uni caused me to, for the lack of better expression, ejaculate euphoric sensations from each cell in my body. Both simple ingredients combined to become something whose sensation is quite difficult to describe through this pen and paper. Better believe it. That's the unpredictable and orgasmic force of David Chang's imaginations. That and (roughly) 15 other dishes that hold the same caliber; grilled pig fat wrapped rice, Matsutake ravioli, and, of course, the majestic shaved foie gras.
Incredibly cool eating experience with creative and jarringly tasty food.
Their pork buns and ramen is sooo good.  This place is tiny and the wait can be long at times.  But it's worth the wait. Everyone is friendly and they just make the experience so much better.
I have to say that I am not a big fan of David Chang's after going to all his other restaurants. While I like those places, I always felt everything was overrated and overpriced. But after coming to Ko for dinner and lunch, I have to change my tune. The menu was creative, coursed well, and just a fantastic overall experience. The quality of food was exceptional, and I only wish the chefs were a little more personable. But they are chefs, I guess. The reviews discuss a lot of what was served, but all I have to say is that frozen shaved foie gras is genius. Genius. One last thing...go for dinner for sure. Lunch is overwhelming.
my most fond memories of ramen usually surround the creative ways in which i would attempt to consume it as quickly as possible. straight out of the $.08 bag of top ramen noodles was my preferred manner when in a rush to my next class. it was such a staple of my educational years that, once i could afford "real" food, i never thought i would return to the world of ramen. and then there was momofuku. they take the foundation of a simple food like ramen and really church it up for an amazing dining experience. the servers were extremely busy, as was the hostess, but they all had time to make sure we were taken care of. we started off with the rice cakes, which come highly recommended, and then i had the momofuku ramen with pork. this place is definitely one in which you could be starving and leave feeling as if you'll never need to eat again, just make sure you come with enough time in advance to wait - it's pretty much a guaranteed 10 minute minimum wait. also, their sodas come in little glass bottles. isn't that nice?
After reading Anthony Bourdain's book Medium Raw, I decided I had to eat at David Changs' Momofuku Ko.   Sadly, I did not have the type of transcendent experience that I was expecting.  While I may have been expecting too much because of all the rave reviews Ko has received, I do not feel that the meal I received was to the level of the praise it had been getting up to that point.   As with every visitors experience, I was seated at the food "bar" with the chefs cooking and plating right in front of me and my 3 friends.  This is the only aspect of my meal that I absolutely loved.  The chefs were friendly and informative and not standoffish or snobby at all.  Although, I was scolded for trying to take a picture of one of the dishes.  They try to keep their dishes a secret, but from what I understand the dishes change based on what's available at the market that day, or so they say.  Maybe that's part of the allure? As for the food, every dish had beautiful presentation.  The flavor was a different story.  Of the 7 dishes presented, only one stood out to me, and it was a morel mushroom and  agnolotti pasta.  2 out of the 7 dishes I found to be salty, and 2 others were under seasoned.   With the pairing option I paid about $250 (for my meal alone) and it was not worth it.  I've had better meals doing omikase at my local sushi joint for under $70.  For the price I am hesitant to recommend Ko.  It's just not worth it to me.
Best thing I've ever eaten in life was the coddled (smoked?) egg with caviar and potatoes dish.  Amazing! Atmosphere was cool.  Dim lighting everywhere but the kitchen and your plate area / bar table.  Focus is definitely on the food.  Casual dining attire and waiter, but each dish is served with it's own cutlery.  No cell phones or cameras.  If you take one out, you will be told to put it away.  I have no problems with this, and actually agree with it.  There are plenty of professional photos of the food online for you to look at later, and if you're eating there, why would you need to be on your phone? So hard to get a reservation (only 12 seats in the room), and so pleased when I did.  Very pricey from where I come from, but you don't walk in there to get a deal.  You go there to taste and try interesting fine cuisine.  If you can get a reservation, you will have a great time.
Momofuku Ko is one of the only restaurants I have ever heard of where lunch is a bigger deal than dinner. They only serve it on Fri-Sat-Sun and it's significantly longer with a bunch of extra courses compared to dinner. On a recent visit to NYC, my wife and I had our first Michelin 2 star lunch at Momofuko Ko. I have truly never been anywhere quite like this place (including Atera). The restaurant is basically a tiny nondescript bar. It's very each to miss because it looks like a grated-up business from the outside. Only a tiny peach (and our Apple Maps) gave us a clue that we were in the right place. When you open the door it's amazing how tiny it is inside. There's only 12 seats, all around a bar. The space between the seats and the wall behind you is so small, it's barely enough for a person to squeeze by. Behind the bar are 3 chefs who already have stuff on the grill when you come in (in our case it was octopus). There's a large wine list, we went with the beverage pairing which included a huckleberry gin and tonic to start and then all kinds of sake, wine, beer made especially for the restaurant from Brooklyn Brewery, and even a nonalcoholic root beer for the final dessert. Pretty much from the moment you sit down you begin getting assaulted with a bunch of delicious small dishes.  Asian foods and flavors certainly dominate the meal. I think our first 6 courses were all various types of raw seafood which paired well with the sake we were served. Things gradually progress to heavier dishes than then eventually desserts (with a fois gras ice to bridge your way to dessert). Momofuku Ko does not let you take pictures and the sheer number of dishes and drinks do start to blur your senses after a while. The music is VERY LOUD but played a ton of great stuff (Flaming Lips, Bruce Springsteen, Rolling Stones, David Bowie, and even very current stuff like Wild Nothing). The chefs are very friendly and are open to questions throughout the meal. Overall, Momofuku Ko offers a very unique experience and one I think every food-lover should try at least once on your life. I don't think such outstanding and refined cuisine being served in such a relaxed and casual setting exists anywhere else (or at least I haven't found it yet).
What'd I do to be so lucky to have dinner here?? No thanks to me, my boyfriend was very diligent and managed to snag a reservation here for a Friday at 9 PM. Somehow, he made it seem easy, but others have bemoaned the reservation system and its difficulties. Just keep trying and checking back for cancellations and open seats! Each dish was stellar in its own right. It certainly is an experience, and you'll leave feeling satisfied - not stuffed, and not hungry, but just right. I prefer tasting menus that allow you to try many different flavors and small dishes over having a choice of one entree and one appetizer. My favorites included the soup, which was great (I think it was pepper), the caviar and egg dish, which was amazing (trust me, there is nothing more gleefully pornographic than watching that yolk ooze out of the egg, on to the scattered caviar), and the main dish, which was duck. It blew my socks off (even though I wasn't wearing socks). Outstanding. There were a total of maybe 13 or 14 courses. We bought a bottle of white wine to accompany our meal. Sealed the deal. I'm uncomfortable having expensive dinners, but this is one meal that is worth it if you have the $$ to spare, especially for a nice occasion.
People have written plenty of great review for this place so you can get all the details from them.  All I have to say is that I've been here twice and each time I came, the food was immaculate.  I love the intimate dining experience and the lack of rush that I sometimes feel in restaurants that try to get you out the door.  The pacing of the food is great and you'll walk out carrying your stomach because despite the many course, they don't skimp on the portion.   Try it for yourself!  It's worth the trouble of getting a resy.
Okay, so the portions are a bit much (read: enormous), but other than that, this place was a hit for me. The steamed pork buns, with their thick pieces of spicy-sweet meat topped with fresh pickles, were amazing (and I love an "authentic" steamed pork bun, which this was not). The Momofuku Ramen was salty and rich and made a nice breakfast the next day (I was inspired by the poached egg in it). My friend got the Roasted Rice Cakes, which were actually rice...sticks? But they were grilled and rich in a killer spicy chili sauce, and really good. My suggestion would be to split them as an appetizer, since the portion was huge, and the dish got to be a little dull (too much of a good thing) before my friend managed to finish it.
Fantastic food. Intimate setting. Good Sake and beers. Pretty sure the ginger chef was tweaking... The shaved Foie Gras over Lychee almost left me incontinent... The Egg Custard with something something sent tingly sensations up what could only be my thoracic duct... Slightly retarded online reservation system. Win for David Chang
Meal was epic. Every few months they swap out a plate so their really is no point in me reviewing what I ate. I will leave it at this, the food was really really good. I was still a little bit hungry after though. Some tips, for us CA 10:00AM is when you should go online and register 7 days in advance. When you log on and you see your day register immediately and lock that bad boy in. If you are even a little bit slow you will miss out and have to try the next day. The bar actually wasn't packed. They space it so even though everyone shares a bar it is still quite intimate. I wouldn't go here all the time, but it is definitely one of the few restaurants you should experience once in a lifetime.
My tastes buds went on a super high and low journey during a 3 hrs lunch. No pictures you say? well I brought my sharpie and sketch pad! posted the delicious sketches on the blog, take that David Chang and your dumb rules! =) take that!   For more reviews visit my blog.
Hands down best dining/ food experience in NYC ever. I have been to all the big league restaurants- and this one to be corny knocked it out of the park.  Most of the fun of going here- is being totally shocked/ awed at what is put in front of you so I wont ruin that for you. But trust me GO! I would say you will be surprised how you dont leave feeling disgustingly full- kind of a perfect thanksgiving full. The chefs are warm and fun to talk to- i felt like we paid for a show and a meal. Also the fact you can wear jeans and kick it- is a great juxtaposition from other stuffy joints. I would go here every day- well if i were a millionaire.
I don't know what else I could say that hasn't already been said about this place.   Things that stood out the most were the soft boiled egg with caviar and the shaved foie gras with lychee.   It's awesome to be able to see all the preparation that goes into a dish and how it is plated.   Came here for the dinner and my stomach left pretty pleased after eating for 2 hours.  Will def be back for the lunch portion since it's even more plates!!!  Hopefully there will be an opening during the time that  I'll be visiting NYC next.
The noodles here are worth every $.  You are paying for very fresh ingredients and top-notch pork.  This place has awesome noodles with a light bite.  In your bowl, you get tons of peas, green onions, and tender, flavourful pork with a broth that has been made with love.  I was full after eating half the momofuku noodle.  I think this place a bargain.  You get more than what you pay for!
Beautiful.... I'm not going to write what has already been written before, but every penny is worth it and everyone should make the effort (massive effort with their reservation system)  to dine here at least once in their lifetime.   Impeccable service, explosive flavors, creativity at its best.   My Husband was so depressed once it was over - can't wait to go again!
Absolutely my favorite among high-end restaurants, without bankrupting your savings! The problem with most high-end restaurants is that one's stomach feels significantly perturbed even though one's taste buds are sufficiently stimulated. No such problem at momofuku ko. fantastic choice of food, ingredients, and wine pairing (of unique selection around the world, including a red sparking wine from piedmonte which is absolutely delicious). Innovative preparation, with perfect eastern and western balance. Go for the full experience (tasting menu + wine pairing) when you are one of the lucky few to get a seat at the tasting bar.
I might have given this restaurant a 5 star rating if I didn't eat at the Chef's Table at Brooklyn Fare the very next day.  Momofuku Ko is an excellent restaurant with very inventive, well-executed tasty dishes.  Their shaved frozen fois gras was one of the most amazing, memorable things I've ever had.  It is a bit pricey, yes, but the amount of prep and detail for each dish was pretty obvious.  It is definitely worth a try...that is if you can get a reservation.
I don't even remember when I first heard about David Chang, but ever since then, I've always wanted to try Momofuku Ko. So when my sister and I planned a last minute trip to NYC last month, I did whatever I could to get a reservation. I heard that it would be ridiculously difficult, but much to my surprise, it wasn't that bad. With a little bit of planning, I was able to get a 7:10 reservation for Sunday evening. We arrived about 10 minutes early for our reservation, but the staff was ready to seat us, and we were able to take our time to get situated. From the moment that we entered, everything about our meal and experience was phenomenal! Since it's not everyday that you can dine at Momofuku Ko, my sister and I decided to go all out and have our meal with the wine pairing. Not only was every course exquisite, but the wine pairings were amazing! Our meal lasted about 2 hours, and each course was well timed.  We were able to take our time with each course, take a few minutes in between, before the next course was served to us. Every plate that was served was beautifully plated and delicious. For some courses, there were ingredients/textures that I would never have imagined putting together, which made each bite that much more exciting. If you have the opportunity to order the wine pairing, I would highly recommend it as they add that much more to the experience. For example, one of my favorite courses was the foie gras course, which had shaved foie gras over lychees, and paired with a riesling. 1. I would never have thought about shaving foie gras, and then to further serve it with lychees. 2. The riesling pairing was perfect, has it had hints of lychee in it, making everything come full circle. Our meal consisted of 10 courses, and at the beginning of the meal, I was wondering how stuffed I would be in the end. In a way, 10 just seems like a lot. When I was at the French Laundry, I was so stuffed at the end of the meal, that I wanted to be rolled home, so I was wondering if I was going to have that same experience here. But in the end, we had 8 savory courses and 2 dessert courses, and I was perfect content. (Not content as it merely satisfied, but content as in perfectly full where I wasn't uncomfortable). Unlike The French Laundry, I feel like Momofuku Ko is one of those restaurants that I could keep going back to. Not sure if it's because I'm impartial towards Asian food, but it was that good that I would want to experience it again. Since I have another NYC trip planned for later this year, I'm planning to try to go again. To sum things up, I left not only having the emotion of feeling happy, but even my insides were all smiling because of how much I enjoyed my entire meal!
Momofuku Ko combines a chill and intimidate atmosphere with a delicious tasting menu worthy of two Michelin stars. I was finally able to visit Momofuku Ko for lunch, and I was not disappointed. Every one of the staff is very friendly and attentive, and the chefs behind the counter are more than willing to chat with you as they prepare the awesome food you're about to eat. Watching the chefs at work is a large part of the fun in the small 12 seat space, while you eat and listen to David Chang's iPod showcasing his eclectic taste in music. Beastie Boys to Metallica? Why not. Altogether, this was definitely one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. I can't say enough about the banana doughnut with maple ice cream dessert at the end. I would recommend the drink pairings, and that you take some time to browse all the awesome cookbooks they have in the bathroom. Hopefully I'll be able to return soon to try the dinner menu.
Am I the only one who cracks up everytime I read the name of this place?  I wonder if they realized that if it's pronounced as it is spelled..one may get a glass of water thrown in his face.  Besides the name, this is one of the best noodle bars in the city.  The menu changes often but you'll always find the best Ramen around.
An exciting location. Two Michelin-stars, two chefs behind a former Sushi-Bar and only space for 12 people. Beautiful idea serving different styles of SAKE to accompany the food. Even a sweet one served with the dessert. That one comes with a specific whiskey-note. A gorgeous experience. The check comes far too quick- for the restaurants policy is two-seatings at dinner time. Much too stressy for a top-restaurant. But food undoubtful top! Thanks for a luvly eve.
Momofuku means "lucky peach." The interior is not much to look at - unless you like looking at the chef and his minions doing their thing, and then, well, there's a lot to see. Enter through the plate glass door, turn sideways, place your back and palms to the wall, suck your gut in, and slide along behind the other diners seated at the blond wood counter facing the open kitchen. There's not much room between stools, but that allows you to get a closer look at what your co-diners are eating, and perhaps ask them about it. The menu changes with the season, but the Momofuku ramen, made with Berkshire pork, is always present. And fabulous. The broth is rich and salty, the egg poached to perfection, the peas superbly sweet, the noodles soft but not mushy, and the pork so fatty and delicious you should probably have a cardiologist standing by...you know, just in case. They've also added a fish section to the menu, so any non-pork enthusiasts now have a larger selection. By all means, try the pork buns, or the fried dumplings (again, with fresh chopped pork and scallions), or, on the tarter side, the pickled vegetables - you can easily ask your server for them because the space dictates that he'll be about two inches from your face when he comes around. David Chang, the chef and owner who trained at the French Culinary Institute and worked at Craft, wasn't there on my most recent visit, but the other chef  was, and the diner next to me from Chapel Hill greeted him in a novel way: Chapel Hill Guy: "Sara says hello." Chef: "What?" CHG: "Sara says hi." C: "Who?" CHG: "Your wife" C: "And...who are you?" Drink selections are sake, Hitachino beer, and (Diet) Coke. Otherwise it's water for you, served cold and frequently by the waiter, who's got a good eye for a depleted glass. Contrary to some, I don't think the prices are steep - if you object to spending $13 for a main course then pass on by and keep walking - there's a McDonald's on 14th, just up the way. They've got a dollar menu.
Good berkshire pork but the ramen is way too salty.  Unless you are sodium deficient, the ramen will be too intense and unbearable to eat.  A cool joint to go grab a bite - hopefully next time the ramen won't be so insane; I've heard it is inconsistent.
I went into Momofuku Ko not quite knowing what to expect. I had heard the hype from a few friends and read online that instagraming was discouraged ;) I went with a friend for dinner. I've got to preface and say that this experience is definitely in the category for my potential "last meal" if I had a choice... WOW. This mean happened over  year ago and I've been procrastinating on my review. Long story short - Everything about Ko is perfect. From the attitude to the ambience to the food. Every single detail falls into place. I can't believe it's been a year since I've been back... Making a reservation now!
I've wanted to go for years and years, and have either had to cancel previous reservations or wouldn't have time on my trips. This was the trip! So to preface, I'm a big fan of David Chang, his palate is all Asian, French, Spanish and super strong flavors. Clearly, you can tell from the stars, that this place lived up to my expectations. Every bite was a revelation- from the perfect oyster that we began with (just touched with some jalapeno vinaigrette), to the final white miso ice cream over sticky rice. We did this on New Year's day for lunch. The frozen foie gras over lychee is as as good as people say. My other favorites were the dry aged steak tartare bite in the beginning, the sashimi platters, the shaved brussel sprouts in the bento box, the monkfish, um yeah, a lot of them were my favorites, I could probably keep going. The only thing I remember not being that impressed with was the broth in the bento box. I remember thinking it was a bit bland, but I admit that we did need some palate cleansers interspersed. His flavor profiles are SO intense.
finally made it out to momofuku noodle bar recently and i was surprised it was pretty good.  it's a small space, but i didn't feel cramped.  the hostess was friendly and efficient.  we started off with the momofuku sake and i ordered the momofuku ramen.  authentic or not, the ramen was damn good.  the stock was hearty and the noodles were perfectly cooked.  i had to get barbaric on my ramen - the spoon is too small and i had half a mind to ask the cooks for a ladle, but i just drank the stock right from the bowl instead.  all i can say about the sake is that it was good; i was already pretty drunk by the time we got to the restaurant. i was surprised it was good because of all the hype surrounding david chang; most of the time time, hype is bullshit.  this time i'm glad it was definitely well deserved.
One of the best meals I've had and at ~$350 after tax and tip it was the most expensive. I went for lunch and got the wine paring which happened to be all sparkling that day. The wine paring was very interesting consisting of wines, ciders, beer, and a root beer. They also started me off with a cocktail before the meal began. The pours weren't huge but they had no problem refilling my glass is I finished it before I finished the dish. Service was absolutely top notch. There were between 3 and 4 chefs and 2 waiters. Food came out fairly quickly and guests were frequently checked on. All the employees seemed really genuine, not overly nice and fake like a lot of higher end restaurants. I don't remember every course but I enjoyed all of them except one. The last dish was a celery ice cream which I found disgusting but I'm not a huge celery fan so I wasn't surprised. My favorite dish was the venison tartare with fermented bean paste and fried sprouts. Overall it was a great experience though if I go back it will probably be for dinner and I think I'll skip the wine paring.
Went here and had the Momofuku Ramen. THUMBS DOWN! NBF(Not a Big Fan) and it feels like you're in IKEA. Poor chichi version of ramen with a poached egg and Berkshire pork? Now, I like a nice poached egg like the rest of you but not in my ramen. Sorry but ramen should not be turned into goo which is exactly what this addition does to your bowl. People are all Impressed by the poached egg...don't fall victim. The Berkshire Pork would be another nice addition...to a 3 egg breakfast maybe... but in this case, only overpowers their broth which is weak and near flavorless to begin with. Ramen stock should be  a bit salty and rich. I looked over the counter and saw their stock BOILING!!! wrong, wrong, wrong. Shame on them. To further the Goo Factor...The noodles are horrendous...they talk a big game about how fresh they are but then your bowl arrives and the noodles are so gelatinous and pasty that you feel like they've been siting in water all night ...yuck!!!   -2 stars for the ramen +4 stars because their fatty Pork Buns are incredible..if you decide to jump on the band wagon then make sure to get an order of these. This tallies MomoFrouFrou out at a +2 Star rating. Do yourself a favor and head around the corner to Rai Rai Ken for the real deal...or up to Sapporo on 49th St. (Times Sqaure) for a great & huge bowl as well as an odd Japanese Diner kinda feel.
One of the better meals I had while in ny... Their pork buns made from Berkshire pig was quite good, as was their ramen. Wouldn't exactly consider it authentic, but I wouldn't typically pay that kind of money for this type of food either.
There's something to be said for chef's table-style dining experiences. Especially when the food is out of this world. Others have said it, so I won't again. It looks like the frozen/shaved foie gras dish is a regular - and rightly so. Every dish was a stand-out in its own way, so take your time and be adventurous (if you aren't...congratulations for stepping out on a limb and having the menu planned for you!). Also, get the wine pairing. Be forewarned, it's a lot of booze. Good stuff, though. Really good stuff. The pairing the evening we went was all sparkling, which was cool because admittedly I don't know a lot about bubbly bottles. They had a special beer from Bronx brewery made just for Ko, for a specific dish - the egg with roe. Very very good. It was great interacting with and watching the chefs prepare our outstanding meal. We learned about finger limes, which we're going to desperately try to graft and grow for our home garden. Citrus caviar, who would have thought?! Anyways - succumb to the hype and hit your refresh button until 10:00 rolls around and make that reservation!
First night in NYC in over 6 years and the best thing for a cold night...noodles!  I'm a lover of noodles and these were tasty.  (Note: Not recommended if you're a vegetarian.)  We ordered the grits with shrimp, pork buns, shiitake buns, and I had the Momofuku Ramen.  All were tasty.  Though rather pricey for noodles the combination of meat and vegetables and seaweed were fantastic! The wait was minimal though it really got busy around 8:30.  We were seated at the bar (four of us).  It wasn't the most comfortable seating but we enjoyed ourselves.
4.5.  I really enjoyed my time here with my brother. Good pacing, the fluke, foie gras, duck and the soups were outstanding. For my deduction, somewhere along the line i tripped up on a food allergy and also could have used a little more wine/sake/beer with each course.  yellow cake ice cream was really good for a finisher though.  will recommend to friends and visit again for lunch and watch out for my allergy.
Be prepared for long waits on weekends (like any other well-known resturant) Food was good, service was fast and friendly.
K finally was lucky enough to get reservations for four here after months of fast (but not fast enough) clicking at 10am.  I was one of the lucky ones that he invited.  =) This place definitely did not disappoint.  I didn't even mind that we were seated on backless stools.  The feel is different from many restaurants, especially when we take up 1/3 of the restaurant.  With no waiters and chefs serving you directly, it was definitely a change.  Being able to sit at the bar-like atmosphere and watching the chefs do their thing was a fun experience.   There were quite a few memorable dishes.  Here are a few of my favorites:  The perfect start with the english muffin soaked in pork fat.  The tasty corn ravioli with chorizo bits.  The big portion of delicious grilled trout.  The perfectly cooked duck.  The memorable, but not my favorite, foie gras with lychee and riesling jelly (there may have been just a little too much foie gras for my taste).  The light & summery lychee sorbet with sesame "sand".  Then last but definitely not least is my new favorite non-chocolate dessert: The yellow cake ice cream with butterfinger-like bits and strawberries on the side with "sand" underneath.  Delicious!   On top of that, one of the chefs was eating a tasty peach and we asked him what it was.  He was nice enough to share some fresh-from-the-farm donut peaches with us.  Sweeeet! Although we were the last seating on a Sunday night, we left at 11pm fully satisfied.  It's definitely worth the hefty price... after all, it's not every day that you can easily make a reservation to this place.
finally scored a reservation after months of trying.  i read some earlier reviews of people saying that the chefs were a little rude.  our experience was completely different.  everyone was very eager to answer our questions regarding each dish, ingredients, methods of preparation.  David Chang even had a quick chat with us asking us who we liked our food! The aggravation of trying to score a reservation is worth it!  You'll never have a meal like this one!
Had a great dinner here.  Was worried lunch would have been too tedious but it was a pleasure watching the cooking, so much so that I now regret not experiencing more of it with a lunch reservation. Did not get the drink pairing, but did quite enjoy sipping on the Belgian sour ale throughout the meal, and didnt feel I missed out.  The sourness went well with many of the dishes which generally have a strongly acidic component. Everything flowed well as a meal and seasoning was perfect.  Service was a bit cold on the part of the cooks but competent and didn't detract from the experience.  Loved the ambiance and the theater behind the bar.  Would visit again.
4.5 rounded up to 5. "son of" a gun, this place had some thoughtful, tasty dishes... i loved the 12-seat counter for an up-close cooking demo by david chang. my faves: -black pepper biscuit amuse -shaved foie gras torchon with lychee -uni with dashi broth and shiso -deep fried short ribs- nuff said -soft-boiled egg with caviar -macerated blueberries with creme fraiche ice cream
how do people do half stars?  i want to give it 4.5 stars! i was really disappointed they didn't do the deep fried short ribs because i've been hearing about them...but the steak that they served was pretty delicious - the hubby is not a red meat-eater regularly, and he was really enjoying it! i have to say, i really loved the whole experience, and although some dishes resonated more than others, i really did enjoy each and every one...service was fantastic...it's heavy on the wallet - or my case plastic - but i suppose within this category of dining, it really isn't, and it really was worth it!
Went here for my 6 year anniversary! Hard to get into this place my BF had to jump through all kinda of hoops to get a table, but let me say it is well worth it.  Food was AMAZING and so many courses to remember because each course was better then the next! They accommodated my gluten issues with ease!  Truly amazing to watch the skill & expertise of the chefs on the line creating culinary artistry with the utmost delicate hand and precision right in front of you, quite the unique experience. Must go back soon! As the menu changes so I hear!
The reservation is quite difficult to get. If you really want to go, you need to get on the system right at 10AM EST. We were fortunate to get two spots in the week between Christmas and New Year and it was an experience to be savored for a long time. The shaved foie gra with lychee was creative and amazing. The homemade pasta was fantastic. I found it interesting that one of the chef was actually enjoying his bubble tea from Kung Fu delivered by one of the customer. The kitchen and servers were very well together and were very attentive. Be aware that photography is allowed.
I went back for a second time to celebrate the wife's birthday. Amazing again. We shared the wine paring and a few beers and had the best time. We both really enjoyed ourselves. Our server was fun to chat with. I love this place.
Came here on a wednesday night with the bf and it was amazing food and service. They have bar seats with little hooks for your bag. I really liked how they prepare the food in front of you and you get to interact with the chefs and see them interact with each other. Loved the shaved foie gras with the lychee. It was really good. Also, the beef dish was amazing!
What. An. Experience. Very intimate environment where you can carry a conversation directly with the people preparing your meal. Thoughtfully prepared food. My belly left very, very happy! I don't remember all the courses, but it does change seasonally. What I can say is prepare to go on a foodie adventure. The dishes look small, but both my boyfriend and I left feeling full. Enjoy!
Went there for dinner with friends on a visit to New York and wasn't that impressed.  The place was packed and we had to wait for awhile which isn't a big deal, but the service was pretty horrible.  I'm live in Los Angeles, so we actually have good ramen places that are much better than this and for less $.
Ko was expensive, with tax and tip dinner was about $320 for two people and we didn't have any drinks... BUT it was a great meal and the chefs are pretty awesome. My fiancé took me for my birthday last Friday, the chefs are all very skilled and you can see how every dish is well thought out, time consuming, and uses quality ingredients. The downsides were... No photos, though they did let us take just one Everyone is served at the counter so the seats can be uncomfortable for a long meal Other than that, we had a great time.
Went with 2 other buddies... the place is very small... like a long studio with just a bar/kitchen in the front and you sit on barstools food comes very slow but each course was an amazing and totally different experience... well worth the money and effort
Wow, that's good food!  I've gone to all the Momofuku's and it's obvious why this is the best one.  Every dish was inventive, and satisfying.  If you can get a reservation get ready for a culinary ride.
IT IS TIME...THE HOUR HAS COME...no more delaying, putting it off, or procrastinating.....i wavered and vacillated between whether my 1800th was going to wax over Benu, Morimoto, or Chang's baby (& hardest one to land a rez), Momofuku Ko. KO won out. I almost died trying to get here from Le Meridien...no joke. My brother and I were dining late night tasting menu, and he was working until last minute. We hailed a cab outside of the hotel....but oh no! It was some Desi dude's first night driving as cabbie in NYC. Just say it aint't so! ( roll da eyeballz). He almost hit a bicyclist...THAT poor guy's brakes were audibly screeching, and mr lameO barely-deserving-of-a-tip  taxi driver apologized profusely. Hellllo to an indulgent evening of staying well beyond closing hours, full bottle of wine imbibed, and lots of East Village digestive strolling after $180 each. First off, no photos allowed. No printed menu of the tasting. Purse hook was nice. All high-top bar seating: contemporary but not the most comfy (and i aint got no bony derrière!) We were off to the races. Nice light amuse of watermelon and duck breast. Kushi oyster (WA) & cuke. Had some togarashi salt and chicarron. One $60 bottle of Emile Heredia Domaine de Montrieux's La Verre des Poetes ( the glass of the poets), from the Loire. The grape is a Pineaud Aunis. Actually read an article in Food and Wne about Chang's wine director, Jordan Salcito (& Bellus wines proprietor, herself married to a high-end wine guy). Moved on to a scallop crudo prepped with chipotle, tomatillo, and sushi rice. Nice, but a tad too much pepper overpowering the balance. Black olive powder, horseradish, dried sirloin, and grape dish next. Shrimp soup, roasted red pepper, jalapeños, orange, marjoram, and langoustine. Lightly smoked egg with sturgeon caviar, sous vide fingerling potatoes with some kind of onion-sorrel kind of soup This was an awesome textural break: lavendar popovers with black pepper. Memorable We next had a course of toasted buckwheat with chai oil. Made into agnolotti with mustard seed, paired with matsutake mushrooms. It was creamy and salty. Next, skates with almonds, lemon, and cauliflower. Oooh yes! Then we had a Riesling gelee with a thyme nut brittle, lychee, and foie gras. This was like whaa whaaaaa---? And yet, it was comforting. Nearing the end of the dinner, had the richest dish yet: A 2 DAY BRAISED SHORTRIB WITH BURNT GREENS, BURNT MUSTARD, AND PICKLED ONIONS. best dish. For dessert, a pickled caramelized onion with spiced carrot cake and buttermilk ice cream. I very vaguely remember some kind of honey, chamomile, and bee pollen tasted as well. Small place, dark, kind of hushed atmosphere the noght we dined. Chefs were young, chill, and cool. Told us about Chang opening in Toronto, about working there..even about Lucalli in Carroll Gardens! Need only go once----but what an experience! No photos allowed here. Purse hooks and tall bar stool counter eating. PS have the prescience to be online precisely the very second you can start reserving...my only worthy tip!
Let me start by saying that the food was very good.  Delicious pork buns and tasty noodles.  But... and I can't emphasize this enough... it is NOT worth the wait.   My friends and I had to wait for over an hour to get a bite to eat here(our mistake).  I'm not blaming the establishment for being busy, but in my opinion there are places in the neighborhood (especially in chinatown) where you can get comparable food MUCH cheaper and not have to wait at all.   However, if you happen to stumble by Momofuku and notice that there is no line, there are certainly worse places you can have a bite to eat.
***like many people mentioned, this is NOT a noodle location*** i wanna give 4 stars for trying, but there were very few highs and mostly mediocre dishes during the 2 1/2 hour lunch. it started with caviar on something fried.  tasted like potato chips.  it was good, but like i said, it was like eating one very tiny chip with tiny bit of caviar....  so that mediocre set the tone of the meal.  then for sashimi dish, we saw our raw seafood sitting in front of heat for at least 15 min before it was served.  yuck.  on top of that, everything was under seasoned.  if you are serving sashimi without soy sauce, you better season it right.  it was a failure.   one of the better dishes were: shaved foie gras with lychee and gele, poached omelet, duck sausage, and tiny grilled rice ball. they were all great.  chocolate sauce on the last desert was great, but can't remember the rest....   all dishes are served at the counter a-la-sushi bar.  but all the chefs in the counter were not very pleasant.  way too much attitude, not enough service.  they tell you what each course is when they serve, but it's almost like scold school kid answering math question.  so obligatory.  you don't have to be dbags.  host/ess were nice tho. i thought the last savory course was unnecessary.  it was like small cheese puff/scone on creamed greens.  it was very heavy at the end of the course, and it didn't really flow with the course of the meal.  giving a souvenir at the end of the meal was nice touch, i like restaurant souvenirs.  but sadly, duck onigiri was not good. overall, it was fun, but nothing blew me away.  lots of room for improvement.
2 Michelin Stars. Chef David Chang, you amazed me for my first Momofuku dining experience ever! 14 course meal, including amuse bouches.  I never had this many courses in my life before and it was JUST RIGHT.  I did get major food coma afterwards though. food coma straight into heaven that is.  I tried in the past several times in getting a reservation online at KO but never succeeded until last week, I just randomly went on and saw one availability. I told myself.. should I do it? should I just do it and have 48 hours to cancel if I wanted to. OH what the hell.. I did it! The meal turned out to be around $350 including tip and one drink each.  We were lucky to have a round of drinks on the Chef that night also since one of our dishes took longer than expected compared to other patrons. SCORE. I loved how considerate they were about it.  This just makes you more loyal in coming back.  It is all about service.   Let's see if I can recall all the courses, in no particular order, since we weren't able to take any pictures: 1. chicharrones 2. smoked egg with caviar, fingerling potato chips, and onions 3. shaved foie gras with lychee, pine nuts, and riesling jelly 4. scallops wrapped in cucumbers 5. frothy clam chowder with bacon, shrimp, fish 6. spanish mackerel 7. lobster with peach shooters 8. zucchini and lime gazpacho 9. uni shooter 10. chicken with stuffed sausage crispy skin 11. lemon meringue and marshmellow dessert 12. goat cheese sorbet with rhubarb and grapefruit 13. artic char 14.  *the last one I can't quite recall....* :( Loved the intimate venue and how the seatings are spaced enough in between for patrons to have some privacy.  The music switched up from old school hip hop to coffee shop music.  The vibe made the experience relaxing, enjoyable, and not too pretentious like other fine dining establishments.  The staff were wonderful and props to our chef Joshua for the night for giving us such an informative and fun conversation.  Always a pleasure meeting a fellow Bay Area resident!
It really is all that. I was suspicious after some shoddy meals at Noodle Bar and Saam Bar as to whether Chang was actually worth the hype.  My meals at both of those places tended to suggest the promise of interesting dishes but faulty execution. We went for the 17 course lunch and wine pairing and I am quite frankly too drunk, full and happy to go into any detail about the food or make any snobbish or erudite comments about any part of the experience. If you like food, if you enjoy a culinary adventure, if you are prepared to travel, hustle, source or fight for a good meal you should go. If you want to go so you can say you have been you will be underwhelmed. The subtlety of each dish, the novel nature of his sauces and combinations will seem scant reward for a nightmare booking system and a savage price point. However, if you love food you will be rewarded with one of the best meals of your life.
i wanted to love you but sadly i couldn't. overwhelmed by the amount of salt you had in most of the dishes, you didn't even try to bowl me over or surprise me an infusion of new excitable taste. the two stars is for showing a tinge of creativity in the shaved foie gras and lychee dish but the taste was - should i just say edible but nothing terribly exciting about it. i have never felt so disinterested in my food before and know that i should have saved my money and love for your sister momofuku ssam, who is especially brilliant in her pork shoulder.
Ten courses + 2 amuse bouches for dinner. 4.5 stars minus one for not allowing photos plus half for good service! Photos are how I keep my memories alive- no matter how memorable the food, the experience just doesn't survive the onslaught of time and aging brains as well as a photo. You just have to manage the obnoxious photographers who don't know how to keep their flashing down. I also feel that the amount of food was just a bit too little- although you could say the price reflects it, compared to other tasting menu spots. We opted to share one wine pairing, which was really a combination of drinks, not just wine. We started with a refreshing summer gin cocktail, with rhubarb and shiso. Not too strong, it was a good way to start us off the giddy path to food heaven. Our first amuse bouche was a crackling pork skin (chicharrones), dusted with salt and chilli powder, a perfect pair canoodling in a bowl. The second was a pair, a teeny fried ball of a lobster croquette topped with heirloom tomato, and a sweet and smooth morsel of corn pudding, studded with two halves of a blueberry. There was a slight crunch of salt that went perfectly well. To go with the first two (real) courses, we were poured a Dewasansan Namagenshu from Dewazakura. Rich in taste, intense flavors, as you might expect from a namagenshu. We were served four pieces of hotate sashimi, nestled in spicy buttermilk, sprinkled with poppy seeds and chives. Marvellous taste and combination of textures. Next, a tataki of spanish mackerel, with a yin-yang of black sesame and kimchi sauces, and bites of watermelon paired with each piece of fish. Also delicious. Next wine: a white wine from Liguria in Italy, a Pigato from Bisson. I'm still learning to be a fan of white wines, but it went well with the rich cold soup that followed, more a gazpacho of honeydew with nuggets of uni panna cotta, avocado, roasted macadamia, and cucumber, making for 8 well-savored mouthfuls. A house classic came, prepared right before us. Smoked boiled egg, sliced to release a river of yolk, into which caviar was dropped, like so much manna, with fingerling potato chips, sous vide onions, cut with sweet potato vinegar. It was paired with a tarusake, aged in cedar, from Kikusakari. A play of wood, smoke, and rich flavors, well balanced with acids, it was genius. Further adding to the balance and playfulness was an accompaniment of potato bread and smoked butter (smoked as cream first, before being churned in-house). A celebrated wine appears: A Chenin Blanc from Le Haut Lieu, Vouvray, made by Domaine Huet. It is, unfortunately, paired with the only miss of the night, a badly oversalted tortellini of peans and almonds, slathered with a sauce made from seafood and saffron. A seared, thick medallion of pinkish-orange arctic char appears, with roasted chanterelles and zucchini, and citronelle sauce, over which a dashi of shishito pepper is poured. Again, great balance of flavors and textures, brought together by the delicate dashi. To accompany, TInhof's Biorosé from Austria. Not sure, but I couldn't detect how it was different from a normal white zinfandel from California. Still, I appreciated the play on pink. Another house classic, shaved foie gras with riesling jelly, lychee, and pinenut brittle, was a real pleaser, especially since it was served with a phenomenal sparkling wine, Vergnes Blanquette de Limoux "Methode Ancestrale". The act of shaving the foie gras lightened the dish (although I always appreciate a big chunk of foie gras) and encouraged the diner to create mouthfuls that included the other ingredients in the dish, which made for (for me) novel taste explosions, washed down with more explosions of bubbly. The only red of the night, a Fumin from Valle D'Aoste by Grosjean, came with the last savory dish, a chicken breast stuffed with a sausage of the dark meat of the same chicken, with olive puree, and anchovy sauce for umami. The salt was again a bit overwhelming, but mitigatable by not putting too much of the sauces in each bite. Desserts were very attractive. We were poured a Cocchi vermouth from Torino, over ice, which accompanied an ice-cream of 'wintergreen', served with cherry mousse stars, cherry bits, and a disc of chocolate cake. Scrumptious, and gobbled down easily. The bottle of Late Harvest Torrontes from Susana Balboa in Mendoza, Argentina, was short, so we were also poured a different glass of vermouth, from Rolin, which was unfortunate because the Torrontes was absolutely beautiful, smelling of fall fruit and summer flowers, but the Rolin was also excellent and I think better than the Cocchi. It went very well with the last dessert, a coconut-lime sorbet with torched meringue, frozen bananas, and shortbread cookie crumble, which again symbolized very well the kitchen's technique, which was to balance sweet, savory, texture and flavor, all very well. You should go! even if they won't let you take pictures.
The tasting menu and wine pairings were diverse , creative and tasty.   An impressive tour de force of David Chang's culinary wizardry.   What I was extremely disappointed by was the service.   Skilled, but sadly completely devoid of any friendliness, personality or fun.   Not a hint of appreciation for the customer, an air of entitlement and arrogance looms about as your dishes are delivered one after another without so much as a hint of a smile.   Exacting and emotionless, dishes are delivered, announced, and, once empty, removed from the bar with chilling efficiency.   Not an acceptable experience for $280 a head. Perhaps it was an off night for the Ko crew tonight, but they did a great job of ensuring we will never be back. My advice:  keep the food, lose the attitude
Excellent service given the pace of the place, excellent food (combinations, ingredients, preparation), and a surprising value when it comes to pricing. The hype is completely deserving. May they open another four.
So this was my first time back in about four years.  I had one dinner here that I found oddly lacking for all of the hype that was swirling about.  Fast forward, and I find myself with a group of friends who all rabidly want to try this place for the first time.  Reluctantly I joined, or should I say, fortunately I gave it another shot. This time, I found the food to be much more focused.  Numerous courses had flavors that were very sharp, unlike my prior muddled experience filled with bland or muddled dishes.  Of course, they also included some of the classics like the smoked egg and the shaved foie gras.  It's about 10 courses, and a pretty reasonable amount of food (though you might be a bit hungry afterwards if you are anything like me).  On the plus side, unlike many of the other double digit tasting menus I have tried, they keep the dishes moving--since they do two seatings a night, we were in an out in exactly two hours (this might be a good thing or a bad thing depending on what you want to get out of a tasting menu at this price point). The staff was super friendly and accommodating.  I definitely plan on coming back much more frequently than my prior four year hiatus. PS: The highlight of the night had to be the 20-something girl walking in and asking for a takeout menu.  When she was told it was strictly a reservation-only tasting menu kind of restaurant, she insisted that she would be fine with just taking out a few of the courses.  Fortunately we were seated near the door and heard this whole exchange, so much laughter ensued.
The only question really is "when" - when will you be able to wake up before 9:59AM to sign on, when will you be able to click blindly at a sea of red cross marks to hopefully land the elusive green check mark, and when, for the sake of all that is holy, will you be experiencing Ko. The wine pairing (as of this writing, it was $95 to accompany the $125 meal), is recommended the first time, though it is a lot of different liqueurs in a short amount of time. You could also ask the host/waiter for his recommendations on creating your own pairing at your own pace. As the menu changes every few weeks, the lychee with shaved frozen fois gras and the smoked egg with caviar and fingerling potatoes will be a mainstay. The next question is "why" - why are you still reading this review and have not gone to make a reservation yet?
Food review: The food is quite good and the presentation is just fabulous. The food served is seasonal and it changes around just to keep the customers on their toes. Most of the food items served to us were quite good and a list of my favorites are below. Wagu beef with turnip greens and whole grain mustard with unit and mushrooms. OMG its pretty damn good. I wish I had more. shaved foie gras over lychee However for 125 dollar a person meal, I kind of expected more. Both of us weren't full after the meal and I personally have had better meals. Although this place by far had the most creative dishes and presentation. Atmosphere: Pretentious..That pretty much sums it all. The joint is very small and it is very hard to get a reservation to the place. You gotta wake up in the morning to make sure you get into the reservation system (which opens at 10). Click like mad and try to get a slot that's all the advice I have. Service: The service was also pretentious. The server spilled wined on my fiance's cloth and never apologized. He claimed that it was water and told us "not to worry about it". Considering the "water" was actually wine and it stained the new outfit, we were both somewhat jaded by the experience. In fact when we asked the manager for compensation, he kinda just shrugged us off and told us to get it dry cleaned and send him the bill (even though this is our last day in new york). What really pissed us off is that the waiter thought we were so stupid to not be able to tell the difference between wine and water. He didn't even offer an apology or try to help clean some of the liquid off. He just threw us a towel and a bottle of carbonated water and left. In this situation I would not tip at all but I felt bad for the chefs so I gave them 15%. Safe to say we aren't ever going to come back, not like they need business from us "little" people anyway. Overall: The food was very good but unfortunately our experience was ruined by the spill incident. The experience at a restaurant encompasses both the food and the service and they both go hand in hand. It is safe to say momofuku ko is lacking the second half of the curve.
I honestly don't have much to add that hasn't already been said about this place. The experience of sitting at the chef's table simultaneously inspired me to go to culinary school and made me feel inadequate. I loved every one of our 10 courses for dinner, plus the amuse-bouches. Favorite course was a toss up between the famed shaved torchon of Hudson Valley foie gras with lychees, pine nut brittle and Riesling gelee and venison with sunchokes, kale chips, kale puree and pomegranate sauce. My boyfriend will probably never eat my desserts again after the lime and rhum meringue served with coconut-lime sorbet, frozen banana cylinders, and shortbread discs. My boyfriend and I shared the wine pairing, which I'd highly recommend. Not only was it a lot of alcohol, but the pace of the meal didn't allow for you to nurse your drink ever. That's not a bad thing, but I would have struggled to keep up on my drinks.
What an experience. Not just the food, but the whole time there was just fabulous, fun, refreshing. I feel that anything else said is going to take away from what it really is. Save $500 for a while and go have the best food experience you can have for yourself. You won't regret it. (Btw, don't go there if you don't like fish or if you don't like unique bold tastes)
There's a lot of mystery to this place and so, perhaps, my expectations were too high going into it.  I appreciated only 1/2 of the dishes.  Some of the flavors didn't go too well together for me.  Also, I'm not too fond of cold soups, so I'm a little biased.  The lamb was amazing though! I still remember the buttery tastes of the lamb fat.  I've had better tasting menus at other high end NYC dining establishments, but this is definitely worth experiencing at least once.  You won't leave hungry, I promise.
Came for the 20 course lunch. One of the best meals I've ever had. Watching the chefs was great fun. They orchestrate the meal Ike it is an elaborate dance. Each dish is presented matter of fact sans pretentiousness. The servers clear the plates as though placing a fork on the table is an art form. Of the 20 dishes 15 were out of this world, 2 were so-so, and 3 weren't my taste. That is a pretty good track record. Nothing is standard, everything is experimental and artfully presented. Not an every day affair but worth every penny.
Everything was good except one thing:  the broth was unbearably salty.  It was so salty that i couldn't even finish half of the Momofuku Ramen i ordered.  It was enough to put me in a sour mood.   As i said, everything else was pretty good, but not amazing.  The fresh peas were delightful--perfectly cooked--and the pulled Berkshire pork was delicious as expected.   The music could be turned down just a few notches, though.   All in all, a pretty good place to have a quick, satisfying meal.  However, i wouldn't go out of my way to come here (for the ramen, at least).
I absolutely love this place. It's my number one noodle bar in NYC. The place is always packed, but usually the wait is no more than 20 minutes. When you sit across from the chefs, you get a great view of your food being made, but you come home smelling like YOU were in the ramen as well. Oh well, small price to pay for some delicious dining. Try the steamed pork buns as an appetizer. They are super tasty. Everything tastes fresh and wonderful. I love the all blond wood decor, and I don't mind the narrow walk ways. Oh and did I mention the prices are great?
Momofuku Ko is a glorious beast. I know I'm about 5 years late to the party on this one, but that doesn't really affect my opinion. It takes a special person to have a meal at Ko. One must jump through the following hoops: - create a specialized Momofuku account - hit refresh, refresh, refresh at 10:00:00 am, 10 days prior to your preferred dining date - quickly click your reservation time and enter your credit card # into the website form - sit on a backless stool overlooking the kitchen I can hear my parents complaining now. "I have to make a new account? Why aren't they on opentable? I have to stalk a website at 10am? Like I have nothing better to do? I have to give the Internet my credit card? Why, what if someone steals it? And then when I get there, it's not a table, it's some stool? And they are playing hip hop with F-words?? Who does this David Chang think he is???" But if you decide to go through the focused reservation process, to me, the meal is well beyond worth it. If you eat there, you understand David Chang's vision. It becomes clear that part of the Ko experience is watching expert chefs slice fish like a sushi master, adorn appetizers with tweezers, and caramelize desserts with a butane torch. In order to see this, you need a counter, and a limited number of guests. And David Chang wants you to feel supremely comfortable while watching the magic, so he plays hip hop, encourages a smart-casual dress code, and gives you stools instead of starched white linen. I get it. All of these points would be meaningless without the fantastic food, which is why we're all here, right? We had plenty of inventive courses with ingredients that somehow meshed together. The chefs are constantly revamping the menu based on what's good, what's seasonal, and what they feel inspired to create. During the steaming summer night when we ate there, one chef presented us with a shotglass of gazpacho, accented with shishito peppers. Another chef commented, "ooh that sounds good, when did you think of that one?" The chef responded, "Wednesday. I dunno, sounded good, right?" And it was! The most outstanding course, however, was the classic "egg" dish, comprised of ingredients that I actually dislike (eggs, oozing yolks, caviar, plain potato chips, and onions). I can still remember the taste in my mouth 10 days later. While the presentation varies every day, the ingredients do not change, because they're so perfect together. The oozing yolk and cushiony white of the soft-boiled egg, matched with sweetly stewed onions, a hint of salt from the beads of caviar, and the crunchy miniature potato chips all created one of the most satisfying bites I've ever experienced. As I mopped it up with a warm freshly-baked roll, I wished I could eat this for breakfast everyday instead of my usual standby of "nothing." So for all of the above, I truly appreciate Momofuku Ko as a restaurant, a place to eat, a science lab, a bar, an ego-free zone, a masterful album, a delicious piece of art.
I was here for dinner last night and the food is pretty impressive. Everything is cooked in front of you, so you can see how the chefs prepare each ingredient. A couple of the dishes were quite unique and I enjoyed all my courses. The shaved foie gras over lychee was one of my favorites. The texture and taste of the dish is quite unique and its something I've never tried at other places before. Ko is a small, intimate establishment and we had a little trouble finding it at first since they don't have a prominent sign outside. Luckily though, its a pretty well known restaurant in the area and a nice guy kindly pointed us in the right direction. Since they only serve 24 people per night (12 per seating), the hostesses and chefs are never too busy to give you that little bit of extra attention.
Teetering on the edge of 3 stars.  I give it the benefit of the doubt because they are trying all sorts of experiments and really sticking their necks out.  You truly get a parade of plates over your two to three hour meal--many of them fantastic, a couple that are so-so and even a couple that just don't work.  But the ones that click really click--top of the list: the shaved foie gras, lychee syrup, riesling jelly, and pinenut brittle.  Also, the wine pairing is great and very generous (or should i say "voluminous," the price is pretty steep after all)...in fact, by the end of the meal, my baby and I were pretty schnockered.  It'd be a solid four starts except the price is pretty damn high (even for the dozen or so plates of food you get) and i think i paid enough to get perfection--it was pretty great, but it wasn't that.
This is probably the longest lunch I have ever had in my life! But definitely worth it. There are only 12 seats available and they only do three seating per day, one for lunch and two for dinner. You must make your reservation on line and they open 10 days before your reservation (lunch is only served on the weekends so count 10 weekend days out), the lunch tasting is also more extensive than the dinner so choose your battle wisely. The service is impeccable. Everyone is super friendly, knowledgeable and fun to talk to. Now onto the important stuff, the food: 1)    Lemon Grass Tea - delicious and super fragrant 2)    Pear Soda - subtle but delicious and definitely helped my tummy feel better 3)    English Muffin with Black Sesame Butter - OMG, this was to die for, I could eat an entire tub of that butter 4)    Popcorn Popover - interesting (I am not a huge fan of popcorn, so this was only ok) 5)    Pomme Straw with Smoked Pimento Cheese - nice, small, savory bite 6)    Braised Daikon Radish in Dashi with Crushed Nori and American Caviar - I am not a huge fan of Daikon but this had great flavor 7)    Yellow-tail Tar Tar with Jelly made from the bones and a Shiso spritz - wow this was amazing! Extremely refreshing tasting 8)    Marinated Branzino with Puffed Farro -great fish, and even better texture with the farro 9)    Pickled and Salt Cured Spanish Mackerel - mackerel is usually the last thing I would think of ordering at a sushi restaurant but the cure and lightly pickled flavor did wonders for this fish 10)    Sun-chokes with Smoked Pesto and Sardines - beautifully refreshing 11)    Smoked Trout with Smoked Crusted Bagel Spices and Pickled Beets with a Tarragon Cream Pudding - best trout I have ever had, it was so delicate and the flavors were amazing 12)    Bay Scallops with Asian Pears in a Mushroom Consume with Graded Horseradish - I loved the individual components but the dish as a whole seemed a little odd to me 13)    Venison Tar Tar with Salted Quail Egg - really delicious with an awesome texture, I just wish the egg was hot. 14)    Puffed Egg with Benton Ham Dashi and Sliced Kombu - this was really cool since we saw it made on Mind of a Chef, it was firmer than I expected which was a really cool surprise, the flavor from the dashi is out of this world 15)    Roasted Main Lobster with Brioche Dough - sadly the lobster was a little undercooked (but better than being overcooked I guess), great flavors but by this point I was already stuffed beyond all reason 16)    Celery Root Tortellini with Truffle Foam and Shaved Truffles - sadly the pasta was slightly underdone, but the flavors were definitely there. 17)    Roasted Halibut with Roasted Brussels Sprouts in Uni Butter Sauce and Diced Apple - I don't like Brussels sprouts but these were great and the halibut was cooked to perfection 18)    Hudson Valley Foie Torchon shaved over Riesling Jelly, Lychee and Pine Nut Brittle - I have missed foie! This was a great variation to the regular way of serving foie. The Riesling and lychee were excellent accompaniments 19)    Brined and  Marinated Pork Loin with Chilli Sesame Oil, Roasted Red Onion and White Kimchee - wow this was the start of the lunch, such an impressive piece of meat, especially since we got to see them take out the entire rack and carve off the loin. 20)    Roasted Barley Sorbet with Grapefruit Foam and Granola Crunch - The foam was very grapefruity (slight on the bitter side), it felt like a very mature dessert. 21)    Chocolate Ice Cream with Black Trumpet Mushroom, Almond Twill, and Huckleberry Sauce - who would have thought mushrooms would make their way into ice cream? But definitely amazing. 22)    White Miso Ice cream on a Rice Waffle Cone with Sticky Rice, and Puffed Black Rice - This was slightly savory and was amazing with the sticky rice, a great finish to a 3-hour lunch. They really want you to be in the moment while you are here so they don't allow you to take pictures of the food (major bummer), the restaurant also doesn't have much signage on the outside so look for the little peach symbol on the door. Definitely worth a try at least once in your lifetime!
My boyfriend is an amazing programmer and was able to write a script to automatically make a reservation for us the day after Valentine's Day and to also celebrate my birthday.  Those of you who have the privilege to get a reservation knows that it fills up really quickly in under a minute.   We were excited to go here because we heard great things.   This place is over-hyped.  The food was really mediocre but the creativity was there.  My boyfriend is a fan of duck so he really enjoyed the duck and he's a fan of fried chicken so he really liked the hand-torn pasta with crispy chicken skin.  My favorite is the root beer sorbet.   The atmosphere was cute and homie in some ways because we sat at a bar right where the chefs are so we got to see what they were doing.  They took our coat when we first walked in and seated us right away.  Our utensils were replaced after every course and when they stopped doing that you knew it was time to pay the bill.  We never felt rushed at all.
here's a tip for getting a reservation at Ko...try the morning after st. patty's day....it was my first try and perhaps it was the luck of the irish...a few seconds after 10am all i see are red Xs...but i was patient and refreshed after about a minute and see a green check...score! my favorites... fluke sashimi with poppy seeds uni miso soup shaved foie gras with lychee and pinenuts pasta with snail sausage funnel cake really, i enjoyed each and every dish...the wine pairing was excellent and i was quite tipsy by the end of the evening...i guess i wish the experience lasted longer (that's what she said)...so cool watching d.chang and the chefs work their magic while flaming lips was playing lived up to my expectations and had a great time with my date, who well, had no clue who d.chang was...definitely give it a try. well worth it and thankfully payday was the next day.
So, let's start with the much disparaged reservation system.  Maybe it was beginner's luck, but the horror stories just never materialized for me -- created my account, logged in at 9:58, hit "refresh" a couple times, and voila, reservation.  I see no difference between this and having to make phone calls except, of course, that it discriminates against the computer illiterate, but who cares about them anyway ;-) Liked the non-existent dress code, especially on a hot summer day! The space is small; you're right up against the kitchen, which is pretty cool.  The backless stools were actually pretty tolerable.  The staff were quite nice and the chef who was working in front of us was quite pleasant and chatted whenever time permitted.  I was struck by how "simple" a lot of what they were doing seemed -- I mean heck, I can throw a piece of chicken or fish in the oven and toss a few garnishes on when it's done,  The "black box mystery" of course, is that you don't get to see the prep that goes into making all those sauces that are ladled out from little tupperware containers and are what gives everything the real flavor. On to dinner.  I will say right up front that everything seemed a tad more rushed than I would have liked.  Dishes and drinks came on really fast, often before the last plate or glass was emptied. For food and beverage details, I'll actually refer you to the excellent post a few down from this one by Ken W.  We seem to have been there the same night, right down to the impression of certain over-salted dishes.  He's pretty much spot-on about the food, so I'll just add a few more things: Amuses:  Yeah, I know they're just little extras, but c'mon -- pork rinds with salt and a little hot pepper?  REALLY?????  In a top flight restaurant?  I can go buy a bag of those for 99 cents at the local convenience store and they'd taste just the same.  Same for the little lobster puff -- you'll find the same things in the frozen section of the local supermarket.  I would expect a bit more, even for a little throwaway like this . . . Drinks:  Did the drink pairing.  Highlight was far and away the opening cocktail of gin and rhubarb bitters - light, refreshing -  I could drink a whole lot of those on a hot summer night by the pool . . . .  Not a big sake fan, so didn't really appreciate those offerings.  Wines were, in my  opinion, generally well paired by none truly memorable. Favorite dishes: the soft-boiled egg was amazing! The arctic char in broth was very good The frozen shaved foie gras . . . ummmm, well, I guess it's supposed to be one of their signatures, but it just didn't speak to me - I prefer my FG cooked/seared.  Didn't care for that one The pea ravioli, while a bit oversalted, was still good Chicken with anchovy/olive sauce also very good So-So: Mackerel with kimchee.  Couldn't even make out the kimchee.  How you could put kimchee into something and not be able to taste it is beyond me . . . Nightmare dish: The scallop sushi with buttermilk sauce.  I'm sure some people would like this, but this had to be the chef's personal private joke on me, as I don't like scallops and hate buttermilk.  So this was pretty much a non-starter from my point of view.  I ate it out of politeness. I'd like to give this place about 3.75 stars.  Overall, it was good, it was interesting, it was nice to go and see what it was all about, but I don't think it really justified the final tab, and I wouldn't rush to go back.
This is my second time at Ko and the food was even better than the first visit! Can that even be possible? I didn't take notes last time, but this time I typed in the menu into my BB after each course was served.  Each night seats only 12 people and you have to book online a week ahead. The kitchen is right in front of you (no glass partition) so you can ask the chef questions as he prepares the food. The menu changes 4 or 5 times a year. The only dish that was the same as last menu was #8. Shaved foie gras seems to be his signature dish, so is the smoked coddled eggs. Nobu and Daniel were my favorite restaurants, but Ko is now my all time favorite. I will make it a point to go to Ko at least once a year. 1)  uni with mushroom and dashi, tomato gazpachio with olive oil and freshly cooked chicharrón 2)  fluke with chives, pepper and tarragon 3)  beef carpaccio with quark cheese, radish and onions 4)  pork belly, kushi oyster with kimchee broth 5)  smoked egg, onion soubise, caviar and fingerling potato chips 6)  fried sweet bread, tortellini with minced pepper & onion, ginger infused water melon with some sort of buttery sauce 7)  grilled trout, pickled veggies, bacon puree and nuts 8)  shaved foie gras over lychee, pine nut brittle and some wine jello 9)  lamb ribs, apple/turnip terrine, scallion with green mush stuffed inside 10)  onion lavender ice cream with onion soda and a drop of lavender oil 11)  steamed Chinese cake, with strawberry ice cream, fennel cream, sesame paste in balls and raspberry
The hubby and I finally made it here last night and it lived up to the hype. we did the dinner with the wine pairings, we figured it may be a Monday but we're going to make it count. so yes we dropped a cool dime on this dinner but it was worth it. the wines were mostly whites with red for the meat and a sake in the middle. so we started with two biscuits that melted in your mouth, a great start. then we moved on to the sea scallops in pineapple vinegar, dehydrated ham and water chestnuts.  very nice crisp dish. then came the cold soup of dashi broth, uni, sweet peas and some greens. this was surprisingly good and i am not a fan of either peas or uni but the broth gave the peas a nice snap and the uni a good flavor.  then it was onto the egg caviar, this was a chicken egg with hasselback caviar and fingerling potato chips. the salty of the caviar mixed perfectly with the egg and the tiny chips gave it a crunch. this was a highlight of the night for me, but was quickly matched with the next dish. the ravioli, ahh how i loved it. ravioli with a sweet corn sauce with chorizo and cheese. this was heaven in my mouth.  but i disappointed by the foie gras that followed. foie gras with lychee and brittle, it was a strange sensation in my mouth that i wasn't too pleased with. next up was the fish coarse, baby swiss chard with leeks and radish. perfectly fine but nothing exciting. meat was next up, deep fried short ribs. now i was getting full by this point but i pushed through and enjoyed the crispy outside with the delicious meat that melted in your mouth. onto desert, i had been very excited by this first one since i heard it described to the people next to us, animal cracker ice cream with peaches in a peach soda. this was pure happy as a food. lastly was an olive oil and creme fraiche ice cream over blueberries and a black pepper ganache. i could have eaten 3 bowls of this stuff. if i wasn't in public i might have licked the bowl. now the atmosphere is great. a very simple wooden bar, stools and you're a few inches away from the chefs who explain everything and are fun to watch. it's like top chef only no rushing around. and the music selection made for interesting conversation ranging from The Beatles to the Black Crows to "Ain't No Fun" by the Dog Pound. BTW this was my first try at getting the reservation and I got it with no problem. Just log in a little before 10am and start hitting the reload button at 9:59 and you'll get right in. Go by the clock on their site not yours. I was sad to leave. well worth the cost!
My boyfriend took me here for a special date before I left the country for a month. I had mentioned before it was the one restaurant in NYC I really, really, really, wanted to go to so this was such a thoughtful surprise. The mood of Ko suited us perfectly. Relaxed but intimate, you can chat with the chefs as they prepare your food. Your waitress respectfully keeps her space during your meal, except to pour wine pairings or answer questions. The open kitchen layout keeps things interesting. The wine pairing comes in full or abbreviated, which is perfect for those who may have had a few drinks prior to arrival at Booker & Dax. Here's a rundown of what we had: - Crunchy pork rinds: melts in your mouth little pieces of fatty deliciousness - Shrimp (head on) & octopus - Green beans - Bass crudo with celery: what a great way to highlight celery, many times the black sheep of mirepoix. - Sous vide shrimp in broth: my first interaction with sweet shrimp, and I've been smitten ever since. This variety has the most perfect texture, so smooth and silky. - Beef carpaccio: - Soft boiled egg with caviar with bread and smoked butter: smoked. butter. I mean seriously what? I overhead the chef explaining to another couple that they smoke the water. Just incredible. And I'm a slut for eggs, so no further explanation needed. - Sautéed bass - Duck with olive puree: this was probably the only thing I felt "meh" about. The end of the entrees, I felt it was quite straightforward, needed a little salt, and a little anti-climatic. - Coconut ice cream and grapefruit sorbet A wonderful meal, wonderful mood, wonderful wine pairings. I knew I hadn't chosen wrong when I said Ko :)
I have only praise for Ko.  I have eaten lunch here twice in the last year, once the afternoon before hurricane Sandy landed, and again last week.  The only course that was duplicated was the signature foie gras and riesling gelee course.  Otherwise, I have no idea how someone can put out so many different courses that are all solid, creative and out of the park.  chefs are super friendly and interactive, and it's so refreshing to have a fine dining experience without all of the stuffiness. for completeness, I will list our courses, don't worry about a spoiler alert- most will have changed by the time you get here... we started with 4 snacks, 1. olive oil cake with miso frosting, 2. oyster with grapefruit foam, 3. dehydrated cauliflower, 4. puffed potato cylinder filled with ranch/onion (think potato chip.) next we moved to the 4 crudo courses, 1. snapper, jalapeno and consommé of fish bones, 2. cured branzino with guajillo and miso- celery and sesame yuzu, 3. a smoked slightly seared Spanish mackerel with pickled watermelon, and sauces of black sesame and red kimchi.  presentation was a la Jackson Pollock, 4. diver scallop with buttermilk chive and poppy. next we moved into the small plates. trout with coconut curry, cauliflower, pickled onion and crisp trout skin. Roasted hen of woods mushrooms with pickled cabbage, fresh grated horseradish Sepia alla plancha with sauce of caramelized onions, squid ink, black olive mayo, tossed with potato and garnished with a dashi jelly Venison tartare with black bean paste, and topped with fried shaved brussel sprouts chawanmushi with caviar "white" bento box... heart of palm soup with white grapes, rice topped with white truffle, roasted salsify, and chicken roll. Matsutake mushroom tortellini with chive and toasted buckwheat, served with tea cup of mushroom tea and serving spoon with "French toast" Lobster with nitrous charged lobster sauce that had chocolate and mint Foie gras Riesling lychee pine nut leg of lamb (5 spice) with cabbage and porcini celery ice cream with blueberries and tapioca pearls concord grape sorbet rice crispy treats and macadamia rice cone, rice ice cream mocha, puffed rice. The drink pairings perfectly complemented the food and ranged from cocktails, sake, beer, cider, sparklers, wine, and we finished with fernet. I would eat here once a month if I lived in NYC. two best meals of my life.
Friday lunch. If I can impart any wisdom to you from my experience, it's this: don't finish every plate in the beginning, you will be too stuffed for the really good stuff later on. I think each course got better and better - hands down the best chicken I have ever had, but by then I couldn't eat it all because I had wanted to be polite and finish every bite of everything. If we go back, I'll only taste the first 6 or 7 courses rather than finish. Everything was amazing...the puffed egg in bacon broth was a revelation, the shaved foie gras lived up to its reputation, the desserts were great palate cleansers. Loved the intimate feeling of the meal, loved the "waiters" or whatever the people who bring the drinks are called, they were very attentive. My only irritation was that the refrigerator I was seated next to was broken and very loud. The staff kept trying to quiet it and they did apologize, but at times it felt like I was on a longtail boat, and this is not how you want to feel when you're paying $550 for lunch. I'd love to go back! Don't know if I'll ever be able to afford it again, but here's hoping.
I have nothing to say about Ko that hasn't already been said by the 600+ people before me.  I just wanted to write a review so that my Yelp friends will know that I've eaten here. Seriously though, where do you 2 and 3 star people get off?? This is a great experience, and if you can stomach the reservation process, a worthy place to leave a lot of your hard earned money. Would I go back? Maybe. Would I recommend it to a friend? Yes!
How can you not love this place? Yes, it was a bit pretentious.  And the three chefs were not warm and inviting. And I was still a bit hungry when I left.  And my expectations were ridiculously high.  But, you just gotta love it.  The food was simply amazing. Understandably people rave about the shaved foie gras and the egg dish.  But I did not find those to be the most memorable. The fatty cubes of lamb rib bathing in some potato & daikon soup were insane.  The rich, peppery soup was tremendous.   And the large deep fried cube of short rib flanked by grilled ramps.  Simple perfection. And the two fried eggs with American cheese, chorizo sausage, tater tots, Frank's Hot Sauce on a hard roll was just what the doctor ordered.  Whoops.  That was breakfast at my corporate cafeteria the next day!
Have to agree, that Chang's food lives up to the hype. I still think that the reservation system is more annoying than democratic, but whatever.
What a great restaurant with a superb menu! We arrived with five people because, to eat their famous chicken, you have to reserve in advance and have 5 to 8 people with you. The chicken arrives in a large bowl, half of which is Southern fried and the other half is Korean. It is accompanied by unlimited vegetables and four special sauces. Outstanding! Appetizers and drinks are extra but they are well worth it. I word of caution. Don't order too much. The meal was gigantic, plenty of food. If you have room after your meal, they have wonderful desserts available to you. The friendly staff provided excellent service. I highly recommend this restaurant and I can't wait to go back.
Ever eat something so good, you end up giggling? This happened. I ate here about a year and a half ago, and still have some amazing memories. That's what a meal should really do. I'm not going to go into too much detail about what I ate there- the menu changes often. Just eat what they give you. Guaranteed it'll be good.
I am not sure I am reviewing the right momofuku but the place looks like the one I went to from the pictures. I came with a large group and we ordered chicken off the menu...have to make a reservation and order this ahead of time!! We ordered 2 different kinds of chicken. Both were pretty good. One of the large orders of chicken was a little drier so but still tasted fine. I still like bonchon's chicken is better.
Momofuku Ko doesn't exactly need another 5-star review, but IMO it absolutely deserves it. I've wanted to try this David Chang joint since... well, pretty much since I found out who David Chang was, but obviously the hit to the wallet takes some planning. Thankfully for my 30th birthday my boyfriend decided it was time I got the Ko experience of which I'd been dreaming for so very long. As an extra birthday treat, while I was trying to find the restaurant - the door is very unassuming and I only figured out where it was once I saw the peach logo on the door - David Chang himself was hanging around right outside. The fangirl in me wanted so badly to ask him for a picture, but he was with a female companion, and at that very moment someone from the restaurant hurried out and engaged him in what seemed an important conversation. I of course chickened out and rationalized that I shouldn't interrupt them, but it was still a great moment personally to see him on my first trip to Ko, and on my birthday to boot. The restaurant itself is very cozy and intimate, and they only have about twelve seats along a single counter, hence the specific seating windows when you make a reservation. Diners are treated to food being prepped, cooked, and plated directly in front of them, and the chefs seem happy to answer any questions customers may have throughout the meal. As a pseudo-foodie (pseudo now that I'm so worriedly frugal these days) and Top Chef fan, it was fascinating to have a front-row seat to all of the movement and action in the kitchen. As for the meal itself, the food coma alone was evidence enough of its decadence and deliciousness. There were three beginning bites and ten courses I believe, though it wasn't long in the haze of savory goodness for me to lose count. The two signature dinner dishes that are always on the menu - poached egg w/ caviar and shaved foie gras (for ours, served over lychee and other fruit gelatin) - certainly live up to their hype and staying power. The poached egg w/ caviar was so balanced and flavorful, and I always appreciate a chef who knows just w/ what to blend the saltiness of caviar to make a tasty and moving bite. As for the foie dish, we actually sat directly in front of the chef who plated it. The first time he pulled out the huge frozen foie log (we asked what it was immediately when we saw it) and grated it, I felt like a city kid seeing a night sky full of stars for the first time. The foie melted in my mouth, and its richness coupled w/ the taste and texture of the fruit gelatin was practically life-changing. It came fairly late in the tasting menu, when my stomach was beginning to complain of being full already, but the dish was so amazing that I practically scraped my plate clean and actually felt a little depressed that it was all gone already. Normally I'd give a synopsis of every dish I could, but as I said, I pretty much lost count halfway through. Every dish seemed to have some kind of fusion spin, or was completely out-of-the-box, and every flavor combination was pleasing to the taste buds, even those that were a little different and unconventional. There are certainly some combinations on that menu that aren't something normal people experience on a daily basis. My only very minor complaint would be having the duck as the final savory dish, b/c by that point I couldn't handle a dish that heavy, although it was incredibly tasty, medium rare and juicy, and the limits of my own appetite aren't Ko's fault. There is something kind of brazen and ultimately quite brilliant about David Chang's menu and style, and he is easily one of my favorite chefs after experiencing Ko. If you have something to celebrate and/or some financial wiggle room and you've never been to Ko, it needs to be added to the top of your list immediately.
I won't detail the list of all 10 courses, as it can be found elsewhere.  And honestly the ingredients were so many and so different that I can't remember them all anyway. But let me just say.... taking a hard torchon of foie gras and shaving it to be as fine as sawdust is an amazing technique.  It melts as soon as it hits your mouth and coats your tongue, so it tricks your brain into thinking it's the richest, smoothest foie gras you've ever had.  The fact that it was layered on top of lychee and riesling gelee was a work of genius, and I ordered a glass of beernauslese to go with it. Every course was unique and innovative... this is one of the few restaurants I can see myself wanting to enjoy each season when the menu changes, in perpetuity.
Oh man, the shaved foie.  That was pretty amazing.  I also loved the 48 hour short ribs and walnut agnolotti.  The bar seating is great, you get to watch the chefs make your dinner and all the little tricks that they do.  Get to chat with them occasionally also and ask them about what they're making.  Only complaint was is that it was kind of hot in there, but you're essentially sitting the kitchen so I guess it's to be expected.
To me, Ko is about the experience.  This is not to say the food isn't interesting, flavorful, creative, etc.; I found the food to be all those things. (Granted, some dishes stood out more than others, like the lobster bisque creation, the dish with the "crackling" rice, and the signature shaved foie gras with lychee and pineapple.) But the totality of the experience - watching the chefs at work, the interesting (sparkling) drink pairings - was what made Ko a worthwhile way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
Notoriously difficult to get a reservation but I feel everyone should experience this at least once.  The food is wonderful and you're paying ~$150 for 2.5 hours of food/entertainment.  I say entertainment because sitting at the bar and watching the chefs effortlessly prepare each dish is absolutely fascinating.  The 13 course prixe fixe is great for adventurous foodies because you get a little bit of everything and then some.  I would never think to order a chili puree dumpling if I was already ordering a lamb rib entree... but these smaller (by no means small) tasting dishes make it possible.   Play the 10am game but be smart about it, I would suggest looking for reservations on Saturday mornings when all the executive assistants/secretaries are at home and when everyone else is hung over from the crazy bar night.
We were so pleased with our meal. Our party of 4 all claimed it to be a surreal meal.
Had really high expectations going in here so I guess I really needed to be blown away to give Ko five stars. Especially after spending $600+. Ok, so $250 was wine (the 1983 Montepulciano - which I actually don't recommend unless you just really want to experience it for once in your life), but that's still almost $150 per person. All the courses were definitely inventive, surprising, and, obviously, delicious, but I felt like I didn't get that extra oomph factor that I was hoping for. If you want a better prix fixe at a lower cost and with more intrigue I'd almost suggest the old but trustworthy Aquavit.
saltyyyyyy!!..,!@#%!@%... SALTYYY,, WATER I NEED WATER! and a Napkin to wipe the sweat! Don't sit across from the cooks, unless your wearing a thin layer because it gets pretty warm, and is it me or is the broth very salty, the Berkshire pork wasn't all that great,,, kinda chewy,
OK, my review is quite belated.  We managed to snag reservations this past winter.  The plates were interesting (I may even have had thymus here!), and some even quite delicious. Unfortunately, memory doesn't allow me to post a more thorough review than that, although since they are always mixing things up to highlight the seasonality of the ingredients, the only tidbit I can contribute here, which may be helpful, is that you will be judging the food in front of the chefs' faces, like a foot away. They seem to wait for your reaction ... Kind of awkward, but since most of the dishes were delish, this made things easier.
Like every other review before mine, simply an amazing, extremely thought out and carefully prepared meal.   Loved the way the patrons sat facing all the chefs doing their work, watching how detail oriented each one was with plating and prepping dishes.  All the dishes were very good but the standouts for me included the shaved foie gras on top of a riesling jelly, the uni, avocado and hazelnut soup and the soft boiled egg with caviar and the smoked butter with bread.   The originality of the food was the most exciting and I loved getting each dish one after the other. The timing was done just right and the staff was very attentive. Loved the fact  that you couldnt use your phones or take pictures, enhanced the experience. Would def recommend.
Nowhere near Minibar caliber but definitely an enjoyable lunch.  Loved the relaxed atmosphere and Peter was fun to talk to.  I asked in the beginning if we were going to get the pork buns and he packed some up for us!  What a sweetheart!   Heads up.. they don't have non-alcoholic beverages like sodas or iced tea.
There's a reason why I've been to this restaurant 4 times...  It's amazing.  Dining at Ko was the first time I was ever blown away by food.  The chicharron, the shaved foie and short ribs were incredible.  Oh and the poached egg.  I can't forget about the egg!  The beautifully poached egg, caviar, tiny potato chips and purple yam vinaigrette was so simple, yet mindblowing.  My favorite dish was probably the pine nut brittle, lychee and reisling gelee covered in shaved frozen foie gras.  It looks like snow on a plate and I had to stop myself from licking it clean. Watching the chefs as they prepare this amazing meal was such a treat.  Being able to ask about ingredients, preparations, etc. just added to the intimate feel of the whole restaurant.  The vibe in general is very laid back and chill - not stuffy at all.   The reservation process is pretty genius and adds to this restaurant's cool factor.  I realize I've been pretty lucky to snag reservations here 4 times.  Actually, I've made and cancelled a few as well.  The trick - sit at your computer with the reservation page open and watch the clock.  As soon as the clock hits 10am, click the number in your party and you're all set.  Also, keep checking back throughout the week as people cancel here and there. Prepare to spent at least $165 for dinner + a drink + tip and tax.  It's worth every penny.  With only a few seats, consider yourself lucky if you've gotten the pleasure of dining at Ko!  Hands down, it is one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in the city.
Circling first avenue between 10th and Eleventh for awhile, passing Momofuko noodle bar, I finally had to ask the host at the noodle bar, who graciously walked me down to an unmarked room, where Ko is. The address they give you is for the noodle bar.   Ko is wrapped in a cage, with a soundtrack of just what the cooks might play if you weren't there: rock and roll, and Indy pop.   Here's a primer for enjoying Momofuko Ko. 1.  Prepare to spend money.  Just clear that from the beginning.  I planned on spending $200 for myself and clocked out around $188 = $125 taster menu, $21 for three High alcohol beers $30 tip and tax. 2.  This is really a date or good friend place.   You'll be there for two hours and it's ripe for rich conversation. 3.  This is like a little boutique rocker joint.     At one point I was thinking this was one of those pre McDonalds experiences.  But I was so full I should have turned away both desserts.  I didn't.   4.  Momofuko isn't that experimental but the taste and the value is actually good. If you figure in you are paying for space (the noodle bar is elbow to elbow) and you are paying for time (allow two hours for dinner.) it all adds up right. Here is what I had.  I wrote it down in my notes on my iPhone while I was in the restroom. Small bite starters: A chicarone - do you use chop sticks for this?  Kohlrabe with sauce - something else. Two Sashimi plates - very delicious and simple.  This was when I had my false uh oh I'm gonna need McDonald's moment. 6 Corn chowder.  Had a crunchy corn nut topper.  This is really good. 7 Boiled egg with cavier and homemade fingerling potatoe chips.  Cute and good. 8 Celery ravioli.  Lush and fresh. 9  with shishito peppers.  The chef that gave me mine said Bronzino, another said sea bass.  I also noticed that descriptions by different chefs included sometimes more or less information than others. You don't get a menu.   This dish was delicious. 10. Foie gras with lychee and crushed praline.   One of my favorites that tasted like dessert. 11. Duck with nice sauces.  Really spot on!! 12.  Dessert one.  I was getting drunk but       I think it was a coconut ice cream with       Banana. 13. Dessert two.  Again, I almost turned this away.  Grapefruit sorbet with Who knows.  Both were delicious. With all the food you get the price does justify.  However the drink menu is expensive with wine glasses starting around $14.  The liquor selection is limited as well.  The chefs didnt seem that pro to me or interesting or conversational.   They were young chefs making a good meal.  There were some amateurish missteps: inconsistencies in food descriptions and awkward social skills. Go with a good friend - drink - and bring $200 minimum.  You'll feel like youre in Zoo York. I will go again.
My cousin was able to score us reservations last minute.  Its a great intimate experience but it does cost quite a few $$$$.   Prepare to spend $200+ minimum a person. Each course was fantastic and you really have an open conversation with your chef as they prepare each course.  We also did the liquor tasting which was just fantastic.   The reservation system is tricky and completely online.  When you get to the door and see no sign except for a peach on a caged door....go through the door you are in the right spot.
OK, I give in! The noodles (Momofuku ramen) rock. I had washed my hands of this place way back in the early days, when momo had been around for maybe 3 months. the kimchee stew i'd had then was blah. but after seeing the NYTimes waxed poetic for 3 weeks in a row over the chef and his food -- and after reading in particular about his love of all things pork -- along with getting harangued right and left from everyone and their mother that the place puts out killer food, I went again. so, ok: you're all right! it was so worth the visit -- despite the gangsta/thug rap blaring over and around us. hopefully, that BIG detail was just an aberration ...
Keeping this one short and sweet: Steam buns. Rice cakes. All day. Nap. Then milk bar. Momofuku is pork perfection. Awesome variety. Chef Chang there is a reason you are idolized. Thank you for letting the world taste it.
Top 5 meal of my life. We went for the lunch tasting menu. The service was super casual but professional and friendly. Personally, I enjoy this style of tasting menu over the more formal settings like EMP. You get to see all the action behind the counter, which makes the experience more personal. It's been a few months since we went so I can't remember a single thing that I ate very clearly, but I remember it all being incredibly well made, flavorful and inventive. The service is quick and you're always watching something being prepared or stuffing your face with something awesome. It's a bit of a blur now. If you have the means, the time to sit down for a 3 hour lunch and really love food, this place should not be missed. Is it worth the money? I can't answer that for you. The food was delicious, and it was a fun way to spend almost an entire afternoon. Also? David Chang can put quite a playlist together. We got a seaweed wrapped rice ball to take with us. It was the perfect snack for the bus ride down to Philly. Ok, I remembered something that we ate that day.
I liked it.  The food was amazing - just overpriced.  The internet reservation gimmick is absurd.
It doesn't get much better than Ko! This takes the open kitchen concept to a whole new level, as the 14 seats are set around the area where three chefs present a ballet of culinary artistry. There are no menus, because guests are served whatever is sourced fresh that day. After working their magic, the chefs hand each course directly to you. Everything is so well synchronized that the courses come simultaneously with the perfectly matched drink pairing one after another, just in time. It is a truly unique system that works brilliantly. Equally efficient is the reservation system, which only operates online. Be sure to log in to Momofuku's website 10 days before you'd like to go, at exactly 10:00 AM.
What impresses me most about Mo-Ko is not the modern day reservation system, the waves of dishes for my palatal pleasure, the crisp service from the chefs and wait staff, David Chang's global notes from Bob Dylan to Thom Yorke or the policy where they head to Mo-Noodles to fill their no-shows, but the bathroom; where a foodie's library is worth sitting on the throne. On the shelf are coffee table books by culinary greats such as T Keller, D Boulud, the Big Fat Duck Cookbook, McDonald's Supersized Cookbook, and even some Chinese books. The only thing missing are matches.
We sat down for dinner for two.  The place is like a tiny sushi bar.  Just stools, which I think it's not too comfortable for a 2-hour dinner. The dishes were truely creative.  The first couple dishes were mostly like sashimi.  They were ok.  The memorable dishes came late in the meal: shaved froi gras with lychee.  The last course before dessert was pretty good too: long island duck with froi gras side dish. Overall the food quality is very good.  But I am not sure if it's worth the price.
One of the places we decided to visit as our birthday month bash of bashes.  The pre fix is priced slightly lower than comparable restaurants, but then I think you get slightly less food.  You will leave full, but not stuffed.  Add a wine pairing, that bill will go through the roof, but you will have a good time. Unfortunately, they don't allow photography which means that this meal was not strong enough to leave a photographic impression in my mind.  It was good, all the dishes were artfully designed and flavors were will thought out.  The wine pairing was excellent.  I loved most of the wines, a few I could have done without. Like others have pointed out, most of the dishes are already prepared.  Being in a place where I was able to see the whole open kitchen, all I really witnessed was them prepping dishes, without really cooking anything.  Perhaps that is all done before the show starts, but that is just my observation. The famed shaved foie gras dish was definitely different, but being a foie gras lover myself, I feel a little ripped off for not get getting a huge piece that would melt in my mouth.  The shavings don't add up to the melt in your mouth feeling of a spoonful of foie gras.  Also being that it had to be frozen to be shaved, it was a bit weird when its ice cold, then the flavors start to come out once it warms up a bit. If you frequent a lot of french and/or Michelin starred restaurants this one will not seem that special.  Everything seems the same after a while.  If it's a one off treat, this place may blow your mind.
Momofuku Ko kicks ass. I anxiously waited for my friend, who ended up running fifteen minutes late. He called me saying he couldn't find the place and that he can only find "this door with a peach on it." Sigh. I should have punched him in the face. There's the anxiety of trying to score a table here in the first place. Twelve seats? Good luck. But add to that the anxiety of anticipation. Shortly after taking our drink orders, we were offered our first bite: chicharron. This was followed quickly with a spoonful of salmon roe. Our chef was formerly from Per Se. He left because it "was too predictable" and he hated the disconnect between the chef and the people dining. He likes junk food and Chipotle. Masa was overpriced; he preferred 15 East. This is what we deciphered over the sound system that was blasting Living Colour's "Cult of Personality."  Mid-meal, he jokingly offered us a next dish: Stick of Butter on a Knife. Do you get a sense of the experience yet? No table cloths or finest of dishes or silverware here. No generic ambiant music in the background. Momofuku Ko is simplified but not compromising. It's bold, delicious, and unpredictable. It's what you always wanted out of a dining experience but didn't know it. You aren't merely served these amazing, lip-smacking dishes. You see them prepared. You see the labor behind each dish. You can ask questions about it. Before you take a bite. Or afterwards. The dishes: - Scallop with chipotle - Beef tartare with oatmeal - Egg with caviar and potato chips - Skate with cauliflower - Agnolotti - Shaved foie gras - Short rib with burnt ramps - Carrot cake with ice cream and carrots every which way - Raspberry sorbet Save about $150-200, score a reservation, dress comfortably, eat, drink, listen to the music, talk with the chefs. It's an experience not to be missed in NYC.
Food was awesome, as expected.  What really impressed us was the superb wine pairings.  They must have overheard us talking about it, because we were presented with a list of all the wines served with our check.
Eye pleasing, mouth watering scrumptious food! Hated the wait, who doesn't. Also not a big fan of the extremely tight, feel like canned sardines when trying to enjoy my meal. It's a fun, young vibe! Huge Bowls of Noodles came out piping Hot loaded with goodies.
First off, under "Alcohol" ratings, why are there 64 votes for "None"? Are all these people smart? (Or am I the idiot and maybe they don't serve alcohol at lunch?) Ko has had wine pairings since the beginning of time as evidenced by the very first review written here. And to add to that, I was very "happy" by the end of my meal here. I was like a little kid on Christmas Eve as I waited for Ko to open. I walked by almost everyday just to peek in and see if it was ready yet. It was like staring at the presents under the tree, but not being able to touch them. Once it finally opened, I casually tried to make reservations, but was never successful. Not until a couple months later did I fully dedicate myself to this cause by setting reminders for myself every morning at 9:55. I think all this trouble was worth it for the "experience" but there will be no repeat performances at Ko for me. Some of the dishes were tasty and definitely creative, but it was surely not worth $200 nor the dehydration from how SALTY some of the dishes were (and I like salty food). If you're a foodie and dying to try Ko, do it, but if you're just looking for a delicious, expensive meal, save yourself the trouble of making a reservation and take your money elsewhere. Or, if you want to stay dedicated to David Chang, go to Ssam bar or Noodle bar right up the street.
Loved it.  Be forewarned; Ko isn't a fine-dining restaurant, but that's what gives it its appeal: There's no pretense, no white tablecloth, no waiters, and no silly jacket policy.  Ko is all about the food.  Just the chefs, you, a bar, and some pretty damn tasty and imaginative food.
This was one heck of a meal. Just getting the reservation was a feat. They only take parties of two and we had a total of four people. It was also Valentine's Day, so we needed two people to secure reservations for two for the only lunch seating on Valentine's Day. Somehow we managed that and the staff at Ko were able to serve us as a group of four even though our reservations were 20 minutes apart. It was an honor being able to eat at the 12-person counter at Ko. Watching the chefs work and interacting with them was a joy. The food they put out might not be as classy or upscale as Per Se, but it was much more fun and tasty. They have a "No Cameras" rule at Ko which I liked since we could focus on eating once the food was set in front of us. Plus, I feel that leaves the chefs able to plate without feeling like each plate will be photographed and critiqued later. For a place like Ko, I don't mind the plating being a little imperfect as it fits with the environment and the food. We were sitting at the area manned by Sous Chef Josh Pinsky, who seemed to be running the show during lunch (the chef de cuisine, Sean Gray, popped in from time to time, but he was mostly down in the prep area) was fun to interact with. He dropped and presented most of our dishes and then recommended some other places nearby to try. We felt so at ease with him and it was so much fun to chat with him as he plated. The food itself was solid. The celery root tortellini was amazing and a dish I will remember for a long time. The venison loin with pureed kale and fermented cranberry juice beat out Per Se's venison loin by a mile. The shaved foie with lychee was perfection. Desserts, while still comprising of mostly ice creams, felt much more substantial than Per Se's desserts. That ice cream cone at the end with miso ice cream, puffed barley, and mochi rice hidden inside was the best possible way to end the meal.
After weeks (months?) of jumping online at 9:59am to make sure we could get a reservation, and after several failed attempts of not clicking on a date/time fast enough, we finally landed a reservation.  All that time spent naturally meant higher expectations.  Sadly we were underwhelmed and realized it wasn't worth the wait. First, when you're sitting at a bar with only 12 seats and you get to watch the chefs cook, you expect to have fun and to be excited by the food. You hope to maybe see some interesting cooking techniques or at least interact with the chefs a little. All of them looked bored. No one smiled and there was no conversation besides mumbling through the description of the dish. It was very strange. What we got to see was mostly someone tossing together some ingredients and there didn't seem to be much care placed in some of the dish presentations. I also have a pet peeve when it comes to too much wait service. It's that feeling that people are just sitting there watching you eat ready to take your plate.  It makes me uncomfortable. It's also just disruptive when you're trying to have a conversation and arms are constantly coming between you and those that you're dining with to give you a new set of utensils or to remove plates before you're finished.   Anyway, overall, I think wasn't worth the effort that I put in to get a reservation.  I think the experience should be improved especially for an intimate setting like this one.
I was lucky to have lunch at Ko last time i was in NY. David Chang kicks Ass! One of the few restaurants where everything was amazing. Well worth the $ for an incredible 3 and a half hour meal with so many great dishes and rockin tunes. If you get a chance to eat here go for it. Just come hungry. A real treat and an almost zen like display of culinary wonder right before your eyes. Dont want to list all the dishes because they wont be the same and why not be surprised.
We got extremely lucky with this place. Our original plan was to go to Ssam but as soon as we got there the hostess informed us there was a cancellation at Ko and asked us if we were interested. Hell to the yeah! The first thing I noticed when we got there was how tiny this place was. If I remember correctly this is the first Momofoku that opened before it moved to other locations and they changed up this space for Ko.  The good thing about the setting is we got to watch the chefs immaculately prepare each dish and that was a treat in itself. I didn't love everything they put out in front of me but out of the 13 courses,  at least 7 were amazing. Some of my favorite ones were: - Chinese broccoli with salmon roe - Pork rind, uni, mustard seeds on taro chips - Bone marrow served with brioche toast, carmelized pearl onion, lemon confit and gruyere cheese & lemon soup - Soft-cooked hen egg with hackleback caviar - Homemade pasta, beef tongue, fried sauerkraut & greens - Shaved frozen foie gras served over lychee, pine nut brittle & Riesling wine jelly - Sancho peppercorn sorbet, apple soda & apple marmalade The service was almost ruthlessly efficient. They say to save 2 hours for the meal and we were in and out in exactly that amount of time. Would I return? Probably not.  Places are like are these are like a one night stand to me. I come in, I get my taste and I move on.
One of my favorite meals, ever. I actually love the reservation system. I think it's incredibly efficient. I had no trouble getting a 7:20 reservation last Sunday. The service: friendly, exceedingly knowledgeable, and laid back. My friend is pregnant and they accommodated her requests for food (nothing raw sadly) beautifully. The food: over the top f**king great. Sometimes simple, sometimes complex, always perfect. I am dreaming about the shaved foie. The atmosphere: great. Teeny, intimate, clean lines, efficient. Plus, there was a great playlist (Radiohead, Modest Mouse), that made me happy. I will absolutely return to Ko each time I am in the city. Love.
definitely a memorable dining experience.  The shaved foie gras/lychee dish was amazing, the corn ravioli jammies were like heaven in my mouth and the duck entree was deelish. I love watching the chefs put the food together and then explain exactly what it is.  Would definitely go back if I can easily get a reso.  The reso part is a pain in the ass
My last review was for the noodle bar as this was the original location. Obviously the space is now occupied by Ko. I have wanted to come here for quite some time and was very excited to get a reservation. It certainly had its moments, though I will say I was a bit underwhelmed for reasons that are a bit difficult to articulate. I did feel as though food was being prepared for me more than it was actually being cooked for me -- not sure if that even makes sense. I also find myself usually a bit underwhelmed by the whole tasting menu concept. That all being said, there were certainly moments of genius and memorable flavors. Probably not appropriate to rate experiences in terms of cost, but I did find myself much happier at Ssam bar the next day. Still a very memorable experience and feel fortunate to have had the opportunity.
Feeling more than obligated to order noodles, we sat at the intelligently arranged counter seating and ordered ramen noodles with pork, poached egg, etc. We also started with one order of the pork buns which were tasty but nothing fancy. The noodles were delish and filling (didn't finish the bowls).  As we waited for the check, two Japanese ladies waltzed in and ordered the hamachi and cherry tomato salad...looked so yummy even after we had downed our noodle dishes! Next time we'll go for the other items for sure... Everyone should have a Momofuku in their "backyard"...wish I did!
Took several tries to pick up the reservation, but oh was it worth it to stake out the 10am online reservation opening ... The lychee jelly and pine nut brittle with shaved frozen foie gras was a quite the treat.
Yummy pork buns.....delicious pork buns....scrumptious pork buns.....SOO good, they are fatty and soft and flavorful in a fluffy white bun with sauce- delicious!!  Worth every cent!! Their bowls of soup (we got their original, Momofuku I believe) were good too, their poached egg on top was perfectly cooked, with a soft runny yellow middle. Their broth and noodles were pretty standard though.
Wow, I really don't know how someone could come to this restaurant and not totally love it.  First of all, I thought the ambience was amazing.  Yes, it is a small counter establishment, and the chefs are serving you the food as they finish prepping it in front of you.  However, the fact that so many people on here are saying the chefs were standoffish is completely ridiculous to me.  I thought the staff was all really helpful and friendly.  Plus, how many fine dining establishments can you go into where they will bump some biggie, tribe, and mos def while you eat? I went for lunch with a friend.  I really wish I wrote everything down but the highlights for me were: (1) foie gras shavings over lychee, (2) toro tartare, (3) corn, chocolate, sour cream ice cream dessert - hard to explain, but great in combination, (4) and the hamachi.  The best thing about Ko is how the dishes have individual ingredients that are great, but put together they create a well-balanced flavor portfolio.  For instance, we had lamb with mini-watermelon bites.  The watermelon added a really nice bite texture, and the juicy flavor paired nicely with the lamb. Overall, I would love to go back.  We asked the chefs and they serve completely different menus for lunch and dinner, although they have not had someone do a back-to-back yet.  The best part about the place was that the chefs said they all brainstorm ideas and help come up with new ideas for a menu.  I really loved Ko.  Don't believe the haters.  Click early, and often.  It is worth it.
Not that good
I recommend the soft boiled egg w/caviar, duck, and shaved foie gras over ice cream.  those dishes stood out most! $400 for two ppl.
I went here with the boyfriend for dinner to celebrate some life milestones.  We almost went into Momofuku Noodle Bar (only a few storefronts down), but we eventually realized that we needed to look out for a picture of the signature little peach on the door. The restaurant inside is warm and inviting, with bar stools set up around the central kitchen area.  I'm amazed that the three chefs were able to move around in that tiny kitchen, but they managed extremely well.  Also, this might sound wimpy, but after two hours of eating, my back hurt from sitting up straight without any back support.  Wow, maybe I AM getting old. There are pros and cons to having only 12 patrons at a time. PROS: --Top-notch service (changed dishes to accommodate my boyfriend's shellfish allergy) --Private setting encourages conversation w/ fellow patrons/three chefs CONS: --The ridiculous reservation system (explained in other reviews) --The place can get a little TOO intimate (we ended up sitting next to guys downing sake like water) The food, overall, was amazing.  As others have pointed out, there were some highs and some lows, but that's to be expected of a 10+ dish dinner where the chefs are taking risks with every item.  One chef said that their menu was set up like a ladder system -- they change one dish every few weeks.  The only "staples" on the menu are the shaved foie gras and the egg with potato chips, probably because they're crowd favorites.  I actually didn't think those were as good as the perfectly crisp halibut, the peppery potato soup with fatty pork, and the deep fried short rib (YUM -- y'all can make that for me ANY TIME). The only thing that saves this from being a five-star restaurant is the price.  This is definitely a once-in-a-lifetime deal, but it's worth trying if you have the cash.
This is amazing 10 course meal.  It is not cheap or the easiest place to get a reservation but a fantastic experience.
Life Changing. Everything about the Ko experience is masterful. If you like watching cooking shows at all, you'll enjoy watching them cook. No Gordon Ramseys screaming; just a bunch of cool chefs who love what they do and will chat with you about anything and everything too.
If I could give it 4.5 stars I would, mostly because the level of difficulty was so high, having to live up to such massive hype and ballooned expectations. So, for it to not disappoint, is a feat in itself. So why not five stars? Well, for one, the décor. It is as basic as basic gets. A lot like Pearl Oyster bar back in the day, before they expanded. One table and a wood bar with uncomfortable stools. The other, is the service. While they are extremely friendly and helpful, they are a touch aggressive with plate removal and a bit overwhelming at times with delivery of courses. Sometimes 4 and 5 at a time. Which, if you become aware of it, and I was, it detracts from the experience. That said, it is definitely an experience. And one I will HAPPILY return for, regardless of their minor transgressions. But when you play at the level Ko is playing at, you have to be held to a higher standard IMO. But enough bitching. Now for the things that rocked my world. Of the dozen or so courses, there were 4 that reached god-like status. 1. The shitake mushroom soup amuse bouche 2. The Cajun inspired crawfish soup with orange and brioche 3. The soft boiled egg with caviar 4. The Halibut with ??? - sorry, I was tad inebriated on Saki by this point So, that's it. Stop reading and start calling to get a reservation. It's a pain in the ass trying, but it's worth it.
One of the most memorable meals I've had in a long while! Although the restaurant feels casual and cozy, get ready for some fine dining! Each course is a work of art, bursting with flavor and fun textures. The ultimate sensory experience. One of the more expensive meals I've had but worth the $$$.
I'm so happy to know that this place changes up its menu (rightfully so).  Can't wait to go back and try other dishes! We were amazed and thankful for the smart and thoughtfully prepared dishes by a crew of three.  My boyfriend and I loved every morsel/soup/sauce that came into contact with our tongue.  The course started off "light", then built up to something with more weight and substance on the palate. I had so much fun watching them prepare the dishes and how they had pre-prepared the ingredients. This experience is the exact reason why I loved L'Atelier Joel Robuchon - have you seen someone cook a sweetbread to perfection?  It's a sight to be seen. One of the dishes that highlighted this act of 'thoughtful preparation' was the Kobe Beef dish. Thinly sliced rib meat pieces were wrapped in a saran wrap to mold into a sausage shape.  They char + grill that 'sausage', to give it this BEAUTIFUL texture on the outside - but when you slice those babies open, you have this divine red + pink inside.  Served like a filet mignon (crust outside, bloody inside), it is SO good. Noticing that the end bits of the 'sausage' were not served, I asked what they did with the end bits of the 'sausage'.  Our chef quickly looked around, put two slices of those babies on a small plate, squirted one of their divine sauces and told us "quick! eat it before anyone sees you!!!"  You know that restaurant got extra tip from us that night. I also noticed a couple of diners who didn't finish the 'bloody' part of that beef dish - I cursed them. Highlights: - the soft boiled eggs + caviar and onion sous-vide dish - a fish dish (forgot the type of fish, except that it was explained to us as something similar to sea bass) with grilled fiddle heads and this DIVINE shishito broth - grilled Spanish mackerel - kobe beef rib meat + ANCHOVY sauce (genius! amazing!) - the coconut sorbet dish - the grapefruit sorbet dish Go go go!
This place was pretty awesome. So much more than what had been described to me. Our waiter was very efficient yet nice and the food spoke for itself. The Asian bistro atmosphere gave me a nice feeling as I was indulging in the delicious food. I ordered the pri fixe menu for lunch, everything was delicious. They had Oyster steamed buns, which were two asian bun dough pancakes slathered in a spicy mayo topped with a fresh pickled cucumber, onion, and crunchy cabbage and a large fried oyster on each. Then my brother ordered the rice cakes which were tubes of thick round rice noodle cut down to 1.5 inch pieces and then fried and coated with an amazing red sauce, sesame seeds and scallions. AMAZING! My main course was soup with hand cut noodles, korean style grilled shrimp, and a cute little fish cake with a smiley face on it =) It was mostly fantastic, a little bit salty for my taste but I think that was purposeful. Then we sweetened up with the coconut apricot truffles and a little taste of the pineapple and the brown butter soft serve, DELICIOUS. Our meal was overall fantastic and everything that went along with it was on point. Go here if you want a quick no nonsense meal that you know is going to be superbly delicious and innovative.
Wonderful food took my friend here for his bday. You must be on your computer at 9:55 AM 7 days in advance to get a spot . Love their tasting menu and its 125 for dinner and its totally worth it
My birthday / Anniversary Saturday 3/22/14 Dinner Amuse Bouches: Chicharron topped with ?kochukaru Fennel panna cotta topped with pickled beet and lemon Rice cracker with shmear of ricotta and espresso Lobster salad rolled in daikon radish 10 courses: Raw scallop, spicy buttermilk, poppyseed Pickled mackerel, seared skin topped with mustard frill, shallot, and ? small couscous Smoked trout soup with kale, kale dusted smoked trout, sunchokes, melt in your moith tofu Soft boiled egg, American caviar, on top of onion mixture, fingerling potato chips (Bread course - sourdough with smoked butter) Lychee gelee, pine nut brittle, topped with shaved frozen foie gras Bronzino in shishito pepper sauce, burnt onion powder? Farfalle in cheese sauce, bresaola, Brussels sprouts Duck breast, mustard greens, lime pickle sauce (?) Chocolate dessert -chocolate disc, chocolate wafers infused with a liqueur, mint gelato Banana, marshmallow, cookie dough(?), coconut lime gelato, burnt meringue. Sparkling beverage pairing - I highly recommend: 4 or 5 amazing champagnes, two cocktails (first one light second one served with dessert and root beer base), one course with sake and beer Overall I give the food a 4, but the overall experience (sparkling pairing, creativity, omakase style,) I definitely give a 5.  Great night out!
Pork buns are worth the trip alone. Unbelievable! The ramen isn't authentic and the broth is a little bland, but a little siracha sauce really helped for me. Once I got the broth right, the pork is pretty phenomenal.  I'm not ramen conniseur outside of the pre-packaged stuff, so maybe that's why I didnt have as much of a problem with it as others. So if you are a newbie to ramen (like me), I think you will enjoy this place.
Oh.my.god. Just go. Get online and book your reservation now. You will experience a meal to remember and will love every sweet, salty, savory, spicy bite! Go with an open mind, an adventurous palate, and an empty belly because it's going to be full by the time you leave!
Here's a cute little story for you. March 6, 2009. My 23rd birthday. We step out of the cab at 14th and 1st - right smack in gritty East Village. I think, "Oh god, I hope he's not taking me to Gray's Papaya on this corner..." We walk down 14th street - it was a lovely evening. "Where are we going....Just tell me!" I inquire. "No, just keep walking, we're almost there." We pass Momofuku Noodle Bar, packed with diners slurping down hot bowls of designer ramen and stuffing themselves silly with succulent pork buns doused in hoisin, David Chang style. And then he stops. *Dramatic music* He opens the door. "Happy birthday!" As some of you may know, I have a foodie slash love obsession with David Chang. I'd sleep with him. Yes, I said it. There's nothing sexier about a man than a man who can cook and loves bacon. Two important qualities I seek in the opposite sex. Scoring a reservation at Ko is akin to a grail quest. I have spent countless minutes refreshing their reservation page in hopes of stumbling upon a vaunted green check mark. But to no avail. My mouse clicking skills evidently need improvement. In my head I had built Ko up to be some sort of culinary nirvana - it was. After my many squeals of delight, we were seated. I was practically drooling in anticipation and keenly observing all the action going on behind the counter. The chefs were extremely nice and chatted with us about each dish and answered all my inane questions. 10 courses later, 10 wine pairings later, I was happy. Extremely. Highlights of the meal: Shaved foie gras torchon with Riesling jelly and brittle: Hands down, favorite course of the night. I have read about this dish so many times that I could practically taste it via Yelp reviews. The juxtaposition of textures were absolutely incredible -- the mounds of foie gras melted in your mouth while the brittle gave it a simultaneous crunch. The sweet and savory flavors were sublime together, melding into perfection. To me, this dish was innovative and thoughtful. Pork belly with kimchi consomme and grilled rice: The infamous David Chang pork belly. If there is one protein that I could eat on a daily basis, it would be pork belly. The skin was perfectly crispy and smoky, the protein tender with the appropriate overload of fat.The consomme was absolutely delicious and complimented the grilled rice cube and belly nicely. It was a simple dish but with perfect execution. Fluke with buttermilk: Understated but bursting with flavor and texture. As one of the earlier courses, it whetted my palate for all the amazing dishes to come. Elegant and simple, yet ultimately satisfying. Steak with artichoke puree, jalapenos, and cauliflower: The meat was perfectly prepared to a tender and succulent medium rare. The accompaniment of the jalapeno sauce was SO perfect. I was skeptical at first of this pairing but once I put it in my mouth (that's what she said), it made sense. It just worked. It was intricate but prepared so flawlessly. Funnel cake with black sesame ice cream: I thought it was very clever to end this elegant 10 course meal with funnel cake. Funnel cake brings back memories of fairs and amusement parks. This was like funnel cake on steroids. Deep fried dough topped with powdered sugar and served alongside black sesame ice cream and cream. Divine. The wine pairings were spot on in my opinion. Not a wines/spirits connoisseur by any means, I thought the pairings were thoughtful and well balanced. And well, I got drunk. I really could not ask for a better birthday meal. My mouse clicking inferiority complex was worth it. Ko lives up to the hype - if you love food, you'll love Ko.
The food was delicious some stood out more than others... among my favorites... poached egg with caviar their specialty. Overall I felt like the Chefs could have been happier... They spoke very quietly while describing the food and then turned away. While its great to see them cooking I think one of the best things is being able to hear the excitement about what they are making... (I get they are making the same dishes over and over.. but I think this would have made the experience 10 times better)
Some of the most creative food I have had (5 stars).  Dinner 12 courses did pairing with booze.  Think next time I will keep the food but skip the pairing of the wines, beers, beverages.   Lucky for me someone else got the reservation.   Like the other yelpers recommendation, what's not to love about momofuku ko.
10 Things I Hate About Ko 1) I hate how you think you're so cool and hip. 2) I hate how you never have time for me. 3) I hate how you make me click through your website in frantic anticipation every morning. 4) I hate how you always have other dates. 5) I hate how I have to spend so much money on you. 6) I hate how I can only see you during the day if its a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday. 7) I hate how your poached egg and caviar drives me so crazy. 8) I hate how your shaved foie gras with lychee and riesling jelly confuses me but makes me smile at the same time. 9) I hate how when I leave you all I wish is that I were still with you. 10) But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all... *Choke back tears.  Turn.  Run out of room sobbing.* P.S. - Don't judge me for using Julia Stiles' climactic monologue in 10 Things I Hate About You as inspiration for Ko's review.  I liked the movie... so sue me.
There were alot of hype about this place. So my bf and I decided to give it a try. I got reservation on my first try, lucky me! The trick is log on at 955 or so, they have their system time, just keep refreshing it and once it hits 10, you are in! Anyways, we went there last night after all these hype, it was  actually pretty good. My personal fav was the lamb rib, egg/caviar, duck, and skate was delicious!!(heard from the chef, they are taking the duck out soooon so go try it!!!) The drinks servers were pretty attentive, tho the chefs dont talk much, but if you ask them questions, they will talk to you for sure. Overall we were very happy for the 10 courses and experience. You;d really appreciate the fact that they only serve 12 at a time, because the food is cooked well and it's not mass produce food.
I may update my rating after trying something else here.  The menu looks fun and inventive, but it's called "momofuku noodle bar" so I thought I should try the ramen noodle dish.  The pork, while really good on its own, overpowered any sort of subtlety in the broth, and the noodles themselves seemed like noodles you could pick up in any chinatown grocery store.  And it was too greasy for ramen.  I don't know, maybe I'm just more of a broth and noodle fan when it comes to my ramen.  Meanwhile, I love momofuku ssam bar, which gives me hope for the rest of the items on the momofuku menu.
Dear Momofuku Ko, Thank you. Kate
My meal here has been two years in the making with an old grad school classmate making the recommendation back in the day of 2008.  I went down to visit him in NYC over spring break and we managed to nab the very last reservation of that week, whew!  A number of others have gone through the tasting menu dish by dish, so I'll just go ahead and point out the most noteworthy ones: -Fluke sashimi with spicy buttermilk -Roasted skate with almond milk -Shaved foie gras with peanut brittle and lychee -Hand-torn pasta with crispy chicken skin (Amazing dish!  The cream-based sauce was exactly the opposite of what I was expecting - unbelievably refreshing and well-balanced.  The pasta itself had a firm, almost springy consistency that contrasted and came together nicely with the crispiness of the skin) -Duck pate with pistachio and roasted duck, Chinese mustard greens, and Japanese turnip -Pretzel panna cotta with root beer ice cream (Such a unique balance of flavors between the sharper pretzel taste and the more grounded, malty root beer; paired perfectly with the oatmeal stout too) The wine pairings were, for the most part, very good though one or two (like the Sherry) were far too overpowering.  As for the service, efficient is the word of the day.  They were very prompt with changing plates/silverware/stemware, yet never to the extent where I felt rushed.  I do agree with others regarding the aloofness of the chefs.  Beyond introducing each dish, they generally kept to themselves and focused on the cooking.  I know this rubs some folks the wrong way, but it was hardly an issue for me with the excellent food and great company keeping me plenty occupied =D  This was my first time experiencing cuisine of this caliber and I came away truly impressed with the execution and creativity of the offerings here.
YUMMY!!! This restaurant has delicious food - lots of cool cominations of flavors. Love the plank, community tables and the open-air kitchen. Highly recommend it for the food and the experience.
James Lipton: "We will conclude our evening with a questionnaire invented by the great Bernard Pivot of "Apostrophes" and "Bouillon de Culture" which has been asked of some of the finest minds of the 20th century ...What profession other than yours would you like to attempt?" Ed U: "Professional Yelper" James Lipton: "What sound or noise do you love?" Ed U: "The slurping of a good bowl of homemade noodles." James Lipton: "What sound or noise do you hate?" Ed U: "The sputtering fart from the guy sitting next to me at the noodle bar." James Lipton: "What's your favorite curse word?" Ed U: "MOMOFUKU!" I can't tell you how enthralling it is to find such a classy noodle house in Manhattan. You can usually find cheaper priced noodle houses in Asian neighborhoods, but this sleek, compact eatery in the East Village is a real and very unique find. Culinary delights cleanly presented and delicious to boot. I went right for the Pork Neck Ramen, which seems steep at $13, but I have never seen a lovelier bowl of ingredients - braised neck of Berkshire pork that melts in your mouth, a perfectly poached egg, farm-fresh peas and Shanghai thick noodles swimming in a delicious broth. See the picture I posted if you don't believe me. So good. Other dishes passed by me and looked equally delectable - the $13 Roasted Green Asparagus in a bacon vinaigrette and a fried egg; the $13 Baby Octopus Salad with konbu, menma and pickled chilis; and especially the $12 Fried Cured Pork Belly in smoked molasses. If the dishes seem audacious and tantalizing, credit the Gen-X Korean-American chef who trained at Craft. The entire staff is sharp and attentive. There is only room for counter seating, but the wood is beautiful and the vibe tranquil despite the traffic and jackhammers outside on First Avenue. James Lipton: "If Heaven exists, what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the Pearly Gates?" Ed U: "Come, my son, we have a seat waiting for you at Momofuku ...and it's on me, dude." FOOD - 5 stars - the perfect ramen bowl...price be damned AMBIANCE - 5 stars - small, sleek, stylish SERVICE - 4 stars - sharp, efficient, attentive TOTAL - 5 stars - gourmet Asian noodles...who da thunk?
Went for dinner. Love some dishes, hate some, rest were ok. One awesome course though. It looks like foundation to me but he did a wonderful interpretation of foie gras. When they first introduced the course, I felt exactly like it's a total waste! But what a pleasant surprise when we tasted it. This is actually grated Hudson Valley foie gras, with riesling jelly and lychees. Very good because the foie gras terrine is very chilled, so the grated foie gras is almost like a savory ice cream. Perfect with the sweet riesling jelly and lychees. I had to tell the chef later that I take my comment back that it was a waste to grate the foie gras. It wasn't bad, just not memorable. And I don't think it is worth the hype and the agony of getting a reservation. Well, at least now that's out of the way. I much prefer his casual ramen bar and his Ssam Bar where delish bo ssam is.
Man was I disappointed. Two words - overrated and overpriced. Surprisingly, it included a decent amount of food and I could not finish some of them. Many dishes were far too salty. All of the dishes have been thoroughly discussed here it seems. The only one that stood out was the shaved fois gras. Scallops - Go to a real sushi restaurant for this kind of dish. Pasta dish - mediocre and better at real italian restaurants. where is the asian flair in this dish? Lamb dish - decent lamb, but you can get better lamb at fogo de chao Beef cheeck - are you kidding? I might as well get a real pastrami sandwich. Poached egg with caviar - not bad but not out of this world. also way too salty. They need to stick to their famous pork and asian dishes. Pass.
I should be a millionaire by now!! I missed my chance to buy a winning lottery ticket when lady luck was shining on me so brightly! Having read the horror stories of people having to wait months to secure one of the 12 treasured seats per service at Momofuku Ko through the strict on-line booking system, I decided to just give a try for the one day I was in New York in June but not to get my hopes up too high. I actually arrived home late that afternoon (in the UK) and only logged on at 10.07am New York time (7 minutes after the site opened for reservations 2 weeks ahead). I thought my chance would surely be gone but amazingly, there it was, winking at me, a slot available for lunch at 12.40pm. A grateful (and little smug) smile later, I was all booked in! To celebrate this feat, I've dedicated my 700th review to Momofuku Ko As noted, the only clue that the restaurant is there is a small Momofuku symbol on the door. Once you step inside, it has an intimate air with only 12 covers at lunchtime in a bar setup around the open kitchen. Only big black mark against Momofuku was the lack of any non-alcoholic drinks. I had to be content with water, the only choice. Hmmm Over the next 3 hours, my fellow diners and I were fed the 16 course menu. The service was staggered into 3 groups of 4 diners, being fed the same menu at 20 minute intervals. As I was in the last cohort of 4, we were able to eye up the dishes as they were served to the 2 cohorts ahead of us. One of the joys of Momofuku was being able to watch the food being prepared in front of us. The smells and sight of the dishes being created really did heighten the sense of anticipation for our meal. Our food was definitely the freshest available, straight from the kitchen to our plate. The chefs weren't the most communicative but we were able to ask questions and pick up some useful culinary tips. The other nice thing was the bar seating arrangement meant it was easy to converse with my fellow diners and I made a new friend in Steven sitting next to me who was a fellow foodie who had dined all over the world. It was interesting to be able to compare and share notes and thoughts with him about the meal. 1. 3 canapes Very light pommes souffle with creme fraiche and chive filling Radish with palm heart & salted butter -  nice contrast sweet/salty Deep fried crawfish ball - like a light arancini The sushi courses were all served on a block of ice. 2. Littleneck oyster with caviar & lime 3. Kampachi, lemon jam, daikon - nice contrast of flavours 4. Fluke with fermented chilli paste - hot & piquant 5. Sea urchin with soya bean & white soya sauce - good fishy flavour 6. Crab tempura roll 7. Octopus with buckwheat croquette 8. Puffed egg with shiso and bagel. Egg was done with a foamer 9. Soft tofu, morels, bacon salt, pea soup - nice balance between the elements 10. Turbot poached in sweet sherry, heart of palm, Swiss chard 11. Rabbit cannelloni stuffed with leg & liver, braised loin. Fantastic gamey flavours and textures. Wonderful 12. The famous shaved foie gras, lychee, Riesling gelee, pine nuts. Genius & unique use of these ingredients to allow richness of foie gras to be balanced with sweeter components as it melts 13. Duck continuously basted with hot oil at 375F for 20 minutes served with grilled rice. My favourite dish on the menu and if I hadn't seen it cooked in front of my eyes, I would have sworn it was cooked sous vide. Perfect duck - crispy skin with tender evenly cooked meat, enhanced by Indian spice mix including coriander seeds, fenugreek, onion & cardamon 14. Cheese - Manchester served with lardo, pineapple & pistachio 15. Arnold Palmer sorbet 16. Tri star berry combination of desserts. Delicious without being too heavy. All the diners received a small jar of pickled vegetables to take home The whole meal took 3 hours and the chef said that the shaved foie gras is the only crossover dish between lunch & dinner. It was a wonderful tasting meal and a fascinating spectacle for a foodie like me. Looking at other Yelpers' experiences on here, I would probably say that lunch is the better option. This is the best meal I've in New York so far and Momofuku Ko has beaten some impressive competition to the top of the pile.
As expected from a flagship restaurant, Momofuku Ko is definitely the best of the different Momofuku's I've been to.  However, I think part of the hype with this restaurant is the hard to get reservations here, which probably gives it a bit of a boost in people's minds.  Judging by food alone, I thought there were some dishes that were creative and impressive, while other dishes were average or not that great.   Overall, I think this place is worthy of four stars (maybe not two Michelin stars) and a cool experience (sitting at a bar while the chefs serve you).   Since the menu changes frequently and there isn't a menu (it is about a 10 course prix fixe), I'm not going to list all the things I had.  However, there were a few dishes that I enjoyed very much (no guarantees they will be there if you go): - poached egg with caviar and potato chips (I generally don't even like caviar, but everything worked with this dish) - shaved frozen foie gras with lychee and brittle (I've never had a dish like this, but the foie gras was rich and tasty, while the sweet ingredients helped to cut the richness of the dish) Was not too impressed with the deep fried short rib (braised short ribs still provide much more flavor) or the dessert (not very memorable, which is why I can't even describe it right now).
My wife and I had a Friday lunch here.  We were served about 17-20 dishes--mostly bites really--but I lost count after the first 7 or 8.  The shaved frozen foie gras, on lychee gelee and pine nuts brittle was a standout, which we didn't know until reading other reviews, and it is well deserved.  The other dishes are perhaps less memorable, but all expertly executed in front of the diners in an open bar/kitchen setup.  It wasn't cheap.  Even without the wine pairing, we paid about $450 for the two of us.  While in most estimations, $200+ is a lot to pay per person for a meal, nevertheless, in NYC, it could actually be considered a value meal considering you get 3 full-time chefs cooking in front of you for 3-hours, crafting nearly 20 intricate dishes with topnotch ingredients.  This is definitely a foodie's experience.
The best restaurant that I am not going back to.   No photos allowed, no menu provided -- even to look at and make drink selections!  If you want to remember anything about your $200+ meal for one person, feel free to take notes.  This is done, I'm told, for the customer's benefit.   My notes: Amuse 1:  A small rectangle of duck pate topped with a sauce composed of burnt onion mustard and Brussels Sprouts.  The prominent note was burnt onion which was terrible.  Worse, the pate was not very good and difficult to reach between the high bowl and the cheap disposable chopsticks.  A disappointing beginning. Amuse 2:  A small dome of coconut and lobster placed upon a thin round of pressed cucumber and garnished with a crisped leaf.  I liked the notes of coconut and the texture of the leaf, but I never tasted the lobster and found it to be too salty.   Amuse 3:  Chicharron seasoned with shichimi togarashi and served on an irregular piece of slate.  Spectacular!  Simple things done right are just amazing like that. Crudo 1:  4 tiny ama ebi (basically salad shrimp) from Maine served in a yellow curry broth, punctuated with scallion and cilantro.  A very nice broth, but I did not enjoy the slimy texture of the shrimp.  A miss. Crudo 2:  A tataki of Spanish mackerel.  There were three pieces in all resting on top of diced apple and flavored with roasted beet gelee.  The surprise here was the incorporation of puffed rice which made the dish pop, literally and figuratively.   1st course:  A toasted brioche topped with 3 caramelized pearl onions, bone marrow, beet jelly, and lemon confit.  A watery cheese broth consisting of gruyere and comte was poured by the chef to complete the dish.  Wow!  This dish was unbelievable!  It was a wonderful reinterpretation of a grilled cheese sandwich.  The flavors came together so well!  This inventiveness and control of flavors was reminiscent of Keller and Achatz.  I was singularly impressed.   2nd course:  Soft-ccoked hen egg served broken with hackleback caviar pouring out of it.  This was garnished with fingerling potato chips, an onion soubise, and a fines herbes salad.  I love the brilliant stroke of using the two different eggs.  Great textures and flavors all around.  The egg was perfect, and I really loved this dish.  The only disappointment was the quality of the American caviar which was clearly used to keep costs low. 3rd course:  Handmade fresh ricotta cavatelli with a medium-sized dice of beef tongue interspersed.  This was further enhanced with cabbage, sauerkraut, and a liberal amount of whole grain mustard.  This was a solid dish, but it had perhaps a bit too much mustard which was distracting. 4th course:  Almond crusted skate wing served with cauliflower, chestnuts, and an arc of foam.  This was small but delicious!   5th course:  Shaved foie gras served over lychee, pine nut brittle, and a Riesling gelee.  Another brilliant stroke!  What a surprise for me!  The frozen and cured foie gras is absolutely divine, so far removed in quality from that questionable amuse bouche.  The buttery, fatty texture was unbelievable.  But everything else worked too!  I really wanted to balance it with the lychees, and I wanted that crunch from the brittle.  Fantastic dish!   6th course:  Muscovy duck breast served over Chinese mustard greens with a Tokyo turnip to the side.  Said turnip was dusted in pumpernickel crumbs and braised in ginger and honey.  Another great dish!  I was so pleased with the interplay of the ingredients.  The duck was perfect, and the turnip worked so surprisingly well!  My only complaint was the small portion size of the duck.  Given that this was the only meat dish the whole night, I was looking for something more substantial. 7th course:  Apple cider sorbet served with a Granny apple compote, charred rosemary, and "apple soda".  A great palate cleanser and a wonderful relief from the two preceding, fat-intensive courses.  The fizz of the apple soda really elevated the dish, and I loved how fresh the apples were.  Splendid use of an ingredient in multiple ways throughout the same dish.   8th course:  A quenelle of parsnip, caramel ice cream and two donuts.  The one had hazelnut bread crumbs and the other, a parsnip glaze.  Simple and smart.   And that was it!  Rather abrupt, since I had no menu to follow.   Overall, I was pleased with several surprising dishes consistent with a 3 Michelin star meal (more than the 2 they have).  But there were issues too.  This was the only tasting menu I have had where I was hungry afterwards.  None of the proteins were substantial, so this was bound to happen.  Cost cutting measures like the inferior caviar and small duck did not help either.  The tiny seating space forced the waiter to brush by me repeatedly.  The wait service was definitely lacking too.  Meh, great meal but not the amazing meal it should be.  The customer simply is not first here.  For example, milk for your coffee?  No.  Seriously?
Been there once.  Ran into it accidentally after I spent 10 minutes looking for Mee Noodle Shop and then realized it wasn't there anymore. Amazing noodles, but very, very narrow and crowded.  I would eat here all the time, but there's always a massive wait. Update 2/24/07: The ramen really isn't as good as it used to be.  The bowls seem to be smaller, and the food isn't quite as tasty.  Oh well.  Rai Rai Ken it is..
My husband got up at 7am Pacific time for 3 days to get a reservation.  Was it worth it?  I think so. We went for dinner on a Sat.  The place was full except for one guy who came too late and was turned away at the door.   The entrance is also hidden by a metal grate, so keep your eyes open for a little peach in a window ~2 doors away from Noodle bar.   The whole experience was very mysterious.  There is no menu, no photographs allowed (if you get caught, that is), the chefs whisper the descriptions to you over the counter.   We had to rely on the waiter to recommend an alcohol since we didn't have a menu, and he was waaaayyy off.  We ordered a white wine that didn't go with anything.   My advice: ask the chef's for a recommendation, not the waiter. I think there are enough reviews here about the food, so I won't go into it. I liked it enough that I would go back in a few months when the menu is hopefully different.  And I thought the $125 price tag was well worth all the detail and fussing that went into each dish.
Dear David Chang, When I got the news last week that I was going to get to dine at your illustrious establishment, my knees went week.  I adore food, your places in particular, and all things difficult to get into.  Plus at $100 for 8 courses of delectable fare, you can't be beat. You are truly a master, I know I'm kissing up to you right?  But, seriously dood, you're a genius.  Thank you so much for giving me and my friend L so much attention last night.  I cannot believe you were the one who actually prepared our dishes and served us!!  We couldn't believe it.  L made the comment that it was like Roger Federer lobbing balls to us while we practiced our backhand.  Truly truly a pleasure.   I actually think you enjoyed us as well.  We shared jokes, I told you about naughty things I had read regarding Lychee fruit and we were able to get first hand commentary about how you put together each dish. I won't comment on each dish, as clearly I'm not a food writer and won't pretend to be one.  But, the months L and I spent trying to get a reservation were completely worth it.  It is a night I will never forget, so thank you very much. I was also wondering if I could come get some of that stuff to-go, I mean I do live in the neighborhood... Love, Your New Fan Rebecca P.S. The wine pairing was brilliant, but I got a little drunker than I would like.  Sorry that I mentioned that to you.  I love you.
Well, I finally made it. This was on my "bucket list." Had to try it once. I could only manage to get a 1-person reservation, so i made the solo trek from across the Hudson, and arrived 2 minutes late. No worries. The place is brightly lit, and there are 12 seats all up against the bar, with the chefs cooking right there in front of you. We were given a total of 8 or 9 small dishes, and you can select 3 different alcohol pairings ($50, $85, $125 i think). I chose the $50, which on top of the $100 menu brought my bill to $162 w/ tax. Plenty of sake, champagne, wine, beer....it was great. On to the food.... Here's what i really liked: 2 soups (both clear broth, but flavorful, but why 2 soups?), Seared Scallops in a spicy green sauce, the opener - a very buttery biscuit with pork belly infusion, yum... Here's what i loved: delicious fluke sashimi in a creamy white sauce w/ poppyseeds.....seared duck w/ crispy skin in a demi-glace, amazing....the last dessert was incredible. Yellowcake ice cream with strawberries...just a great finisher. Here's what i didn't love so much: some kind of gelatin-type-stuff with lychees and fois gras shavings....it was definitely something i've never remotely tasted....very unique....it was just a bit strange... Overall, it was a great experience. Excellent service. Great drink pairings. But i would have liked 1 less soup, and 1 more rich, meat dish.   Took about 1 hr 30 minutes. I would go back in a few months.
Friday lunch, four hours long, two years ago - this is my definition of a five star restaurant. Everything on the 17 or 18 course journey was amazing. Loved the experience and it is a must-try IMO. Not for the non-adventurous eater. The creativity will blow your mind.
This is all you need to know about Momofuku Ko: FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... FOIE GRAS WITH RIESLING JELLY LYCHEE AND PINENUTS ... ...and Deep fried short ribs.  Probably the two most interesting textured dishes I've ever had in my life.  The taste was phenomenal as well, but the use of texture was something on an entirely different level to anything you'll find in New York right now.  Momofuku Ko is a unique dining experience with some massive hits and a few flavor combinations that had my head scratching, but I would recommend anyone that has been discouraged by the reservation system to keep trying (specifically on a sunday morning at EXACTLY 9:59am to easily reserve a Saturday night spot). A few complaints however: 1.  The reservations system.  I know I know, it's been talked about to death but it was seriously annoying checking for reservations EVERY day for weeks.  Hopefully as everyone eats there it will become easier and easier to get a table. 2.  For a restaurant that is ALL ABOUT THE CHEF'S, Momofuku's chefs are uncomfortably aloof to the diners.  Working there seems to be like a chef vacation where every dish takes about 3 seconds to prepare and you only do about 30 covers a night.  Most of the time I was there the chefs were standing around bored and it was painful to try to get them to converse with you.  I'm not saying it should take immense amount of work to put together a dish with fire flying around the kitchen, it just seems like the menu at Ko hasn't changed in weeks and mise en place arranged on the plate is almost the entire meal. 3.  David Chang wasn't there...I'm not a fanboy but when you're dropping $200 per person to sit at a bar on a Saturday night, you don't want to see the 2nd string chefs!  Again, nothing against the very talented chefs that cooked for us but I was a bit disappointed.  Yes, I expect him to be at all 3 of his restaurants cooking at the EXACT same time.
Re:  The ramen ... The noodle had just the right kind of pull and bounce.  And, oh, the pork!  Tender strands, wholly saturated with broth.  But the broth was just eh-okay.  It may have been that we were sampling their late-evening stock; the soup was a bit salty, bitter, and unbalanced in flavor.  And the 4x4 sheet of nori seemed like an odd afterthought (maybe to authenticate the Japanese-ness of the dish?).  I chewed at it suspiciously. Pork buns were fantastic.  Juicy meat on a perfectly steamed bun.  Meat seems to be Momofuku's forte, if nothing else.  I might consider a return visit if I could beat the queue. food: 3 value:  3 (compared to other ramen houses) service:  3 ambience:  4 craveability:  3
Pretentious atmosphere.  Food looks great, but tastes only OK (relative to price and expectations).  There are simply too many other places that serve better food, provide better atmosphere, cost less, and are easier to get in ... it's just not worth it.
The pressure!  I feel like my sacred and epic dining experience at Momofuku Ko, the one we waited two months of mouse clicking to get, should be honored with an equally impressive, sleek and innovative review.  Alas, I might have to forgo "FUNNY" and "COOL" and just stay hardcore focused on the "USEFUL" component of my Yelp.   Since photos are not allowed, we took copious notes at the beech wood bar.  We listened closely to the chefs and asked pointed questions to write down every outrageous ingredient from the sweet potato vinegar to the peanut brittle.  If you're wondering what your experience at Momofuku Ko (translated:  lucky peach girl...lol...maybe not exactly like that but that's the sense I've made of it), might be like, here is a list of every single thing served at this New York culinary innovation. But first, a word on the atmosphere.  The place is kind of like a charismatic, skinny jean wearing rock star guy who nonchalantly wows you with his guitar solo skills. He exudes the: "I seem laid back but actually I've got to contain myself because I know I'm really fucking cool" vibe.  As we all know, everyone has a mad crush on the smooth talented rock star; you want to be near him and when you actually get to be around him (cause it's a privilege), you feel a little excited and on edge. The waitresses are young and laid back, loud rock/hip hop music plays and the chefs just look too cool for school as they shave the foie gras and deep fry the short ribs.   I also think that the bar stool seats speak volumes.  It's like... don't get too comfortable because comfort is not what this is all about here at Ko.  It's about crazy ass creativity, engage in your eating experience, sit up and take notice while you indulge in this Top Chef -esque (I relate everything to reality TV) experience.  Yeah, they're right.  I felt pretty lucky.  They've got it all figured out and this was a dining experience I'll probably never forget.  The combinations were out of control out of the box and every adventurous foodie would love indulging in nine courses PLUS the amuse bouche, mofo-k'ers.   Okay, so here's what we ate based on my co-eater's notes and reproduced with her permission: Amuse Bouche and Assorted Appetizers: Biscuit with black pepper butter with a hint of crunchy sugar topping (served on a slivered piece of slate).   COMMENT:  A little TOO salty and the muffin was ridiculously dense.  Nothing reallly out of this world. Fried fresh pork skin (chicharrone) with spicy salt COMMENT:  Just fine. Tender giant squid with julienne mint, freeze dried Chinese sausage and shaved lily bulb. COMMENT:  Okay.  Very tender for squid. FIRST COURSE: Fresh Long Island fluke in sweetened buttermilk yuzu sauce with poppy and chives COMMENT:  I really liked this and it looked so PRETTY! SECOND COURSE:  Fresh Santa Barbara uni shiso vegetable broth with mustard greens, snow peas and cucumber COMMENT:  I've never eaten anything like this in my life.  It was just like a bowl full of summer with some squishy pink sea urchin basking in shiso glory THIRD COURSE: Lightly smoked soft yoked egg with fried fingerling potato chips, sous vide white onions with sweet potato vinegar. OH!  And there was CAVIAR!  How did I forget to write this the first time?   COMMENT:  TO DIE FOR!  I loved this because all the flavors just went together and it was satisfying and divine. FOURTH COURSE:  Fresh uba and pickled ramps served with a pan-seared diver scallop and broccoli rabe florets, glazed morels and air-puffed brown rice. COMMENT:   The scallops were perfect and it's fun to try to get a little bit of every ingredient in one bite. FIFTH COURSE:  Fresh pan roasted South Carolina soft shell crab in an "Old Bay Butter sauce" with shaved celery and thinly sliced hearts of palm. COMMENT:  The sauce was great.  Celery?  Maybe not necessary. SIXTH COURSE:  Lychee and an alcohol infused Riesling gelee with peanut brittle topped with shaved foie gras. COMMENT:  This was crazy insane strange.  I'm glad I tried it but I'm not sure if I'd ever do it again.... SEVENTH COURSE:  Deep fried short rib with assorted seasonal onions such as grilled ramps, green onion puree with chive oil (inch thick short rib were sous vided for 48 hours at 59 degrees then frozen before deep frying. COMMENT:  RAVE REVIEWS! EIGHTH COURSE:  Guava sorbet with a cream cheese skin. It looked like a weird egg out of "Clockwork Orange" or something. NINTH COURSE:  Black sesame seed ice cream, coconut cream sauce and lemon custard served with a slice of funnel cake.   Okay- so that's really really comprehensive and I hope it helps you or at least gets your creative juices flowing.  Short ribs, egg thing and scallop were my favorite dishes.I feel really lucky that I got to partake in this interactive display of Chang's genius.  Keep clicking and saving in your piggy bank 'til you get to Ko it up for a special occasion
Noodles: 2.5 stars Small plates: 3.5 I'm very disappointed! What is the rave about this place. I was so excited to try this place and I really wanted to love this place. For a "noodle" bar, I was expecting the noodles to be the best! I had the Momofuku noodle bowl and it was only OK. It was a large bowl of ramen noodles with peas, bamboo shoots, tender braised berkshire pork and topped with a poached egg. My major compliment is that the ratio between soup and noodle is not balance at all. Way too much noodle and barely any soup at all. It was sorta hard to eat. The meat was way too salty for me. In the middle of my meal, I had to ask for a side order of additional broth just to have more "movement" for my ramen. The ironic thing was that I thought the small dishes were fantastic. I had the shrimp and corn salad. It was SO good. The sweet corn were flavored with miso butter and the shrimp were huge and delicious. The pork buns looked really good and so were the scallops. I probably would come back just for the small plates, not necessarily the noodles.
Momofuku Ko (which stands for "Son Of") was interesting. It is extremely difficult to get reservations here... but don't be fooled by this. The restaurant only serves 24 people per night (restaurant seats 12). Of the 10 dishes that we had, the only two that were amazing were 1) Shaved Foie Gras & Lychee and 2) Fried Skate with butter foam. Everything else was average. I personally feel as though this place is hyped up because it's so hard to get a reservation here and it's riding on the coattail of Momofuku Ssam and Noodle House's success. This place gets 3 stars because it offers a "different" experience (i.e. reservations, location, decor, etc) and the food was average for what it was (didn't live up to the hype).
one of the most exciting, fun and delicious meals i've ever had. it's too bad they don't allow photos but i understand the asian food photo syndrome, so it's forgivable. for a person who has a really poor memory, I can only draw up a lot of images in my head, but not so much what the exact ingredients were in each dish. from what i can recall, there were 12 courses. we did the wine pairing; a flight of 5 different wines. I tried really hard to remember the wines, but I think i've got a snapshot in my head of about 3 of the labels. but, the star was of course, the meal. I don't want to dumb down anything they've served, so I'll only say that every course was beautifully executed with care and precision. there were flavor pairings i've never had before and textures that makes for a really exciting palette. there was a big range of dishes, from a bubbling, fizzy berry shooter, to perfectly poached egg with caviar and mini brioche loaf for dipping, to spanish mackerel, to shaved foie gras and dry aged beef and ending with 2 desserts. (yes!) everyone raves about the egg with caviar dish and the foie gras, and rightfully so. i don't know how they came with up the idea of foie gras with lychee and (they said chardonnay jelly, though i think they usually use a sweeter wine like riesling? i think i preferred the chardonnay.) IT WAS LIFE CHANGING. foie gras is typically rich and heavy but they've managed to transform it by freezing and shaving it. it comes out like tempura flakes but when you intake it, it turns into the familiar creme you expect from foie gras. serving it with a white wine jelly is brilliant. it brightens it with a tang of bitter that really elevates the experience to something else. i wish they served it at ma peche or any of their other restaurants, but it's also a brilliant business tactic to keep it at ko. i will go back just for that dish. service was superb. they've really got a good rhythm going. serving 12 courses is not a easy task to perfect in unison. they were prompt, polite and attentive. i, on the other hand pulled the idiot card and undertipped and didn't realize till i got home after a couple more drinks at the bar. my moment of 'OH SHITECRAP'. face palming ensued. i think i was too excited and overwhelmed to calculate anything correctly. i hope they forgive me. when im back, i'll make sure to tip very generously. so, now everyone go save some money and spend it here!
The pork buns, the beef tongue, the oysters...oh my!  The beers and sake to match...a meal here was completely satisfying, and by satisfying I mean holy freakin' moly tasty!! There was no wait but we arrived on a Saturday afternoon around 3.30 on a rainy day in July. Servers and bar tenders were extremely friendly and helpful. I can see why some might call this snobby but the food was very tasty, I'd go back just for a pork bun or two and call it quits. WICKED tasty pork buns! I'll leave it at that!!
My girlfriend's cousins invited us here and we were amazed how well the pork shoulder and oysters complimented each other it was fantastic. It's an expensive place but quite enjoyable.
My boyfriend got a reservation for us at Momofuku Ko just in time for a special celebration :D... As with everybody else in New York, we've been trying day and night for weeks (ever since the reservation site launched!) to secure a reservation without any success. I was so frustrated that I was in a rage everytime I read / heard / passed by anything related to David Chang. A bunch of mediocre reviews from friends who secured reservations before us and photos and descriptions of the Ko menue from various blogs made me a very skeptical customer. The first 2 courses - the chicharon amuse and the english muffins were so-so, was not impressed at all BUT everything after that gave me the FOOD GIGGLES... I literally was just laughing so hard because the food was sooooooooo good. I was so embarrassed for myself and for my boyfriend but I just couldn't stop laughing. Highlights of the meal (in a more or less descending order of magnificence) were definitely the Shaved Foie Gras with Riesling Gelee and Lychees, the Short Ribs, both the desserts - Fried Apple Pie which tasted like McDonald's Apple Pie YUMM haha and the Cereal Milk Pannacota, the Coddled Eggs with Caviar and Potato Chips (I love perfectly cooked eggs!) and both the soups - the kimchi consomme with oysters and the spring pea soup. I had an amaaaazing night. All in all Momofuku Ko is a unique experience that everybody should try at least once - the painstaking reservation ordeal was definitely worth it. Also, my experience at Ko gave me a new found respect for David Chang and the Momofuku enterprise- yummy yummy yummy!
There's really not much to complain about. Personal attention, and delicious innovative dishes. Considering the amount and the quality of food it was fair value. Ko's reputation is so good that it would be fun to split hairs over some minute details but in the end it would be unfair... it deserves it's place in my five star box. Save your pennies, battle for a reservation and enjoy.
Like a great book or movie you never want your meal to end here a Momofuku KO. The Spanish mackerel was perfect with the contrasting pastel colors and crunch of the mini rice pops, the moisture and taste of the squash cake with olive oil ice cream, the venison, chicken and snail sausage pasta dish all made up parts of a superb meal.
Hot damn. I don't think I'm prone to exaggeration, but this is without a doubt one of the best meals I've had in New York City and the best meal I've eaten in recent history. It's been a long time since I've been able to get through so much food and still want to lick the final plate clean despite knowing I'd have to be rolled out of the restaurant after doing so.   I'm listing the courses from memory (there's no written menu at all) and am unsure about the order they came in, especially around the middle of the meal. But this is more or less what we had: - Amuse of perfect Santa Barbara uni in dashi with tiny pearls of cucumber; a shot of smooth tomato gazpacho; freshly fried chicharones sprinkled with togarashi. - Diver scallop sashimi with buttermilk sriracha dressing and poppy seeds. Interestingly, the dressing didn't overwhelm the delicate flavor of the scallops. Poppy seeds added a nice textural contrast. - Aged beef carpaccio with wasabi aioli(?) and radish sprouts. This was a simple preparation w/ clean, balanced flavors highlighting the extremely high quality beef. - Kushi oyster from British Columbia w/ grilled pork belly, a mild kimchi broth and white wood ear fungus over napa cabbage. Right before serving, the chefs poured warm, fragrant kimchi broth over the dish, which wilted the napa cabbage. The oyster was sweet and briny and delicious, the pork belly perfectly tender. It was probably the most Korean-influenced dish of the evening and beautifully done -- but I wanted more of a kimchi kick. - Smoked, soft boiled egg with black caviar, soft cooked onions, sweet potato vinegar and potato chips. The smoked egg is something I wish I could eat every day. It's accessible and it paired wonderfully with the other components. - Ravioli or thinly sliced dduk (rice cake) with fried sweetbreads, a meaty mushroom I couldn't identify and what I think was an Allemande sauce. The sweetbreads were incredibly sweet and light, despite being fried. I wanted to lick the bowl to get all of the sauce. Dduk was perfectly tender and chewy. - Grilled brook trout with bacon puree, lime juice pickled carrots, a wee bit of orange, green beans, toasted almonds. It sounds like a busy dish, but there were no flavor disconnects. Bacon puree and green beans were AMAZING. All ingredients were impeccably fresh. - Salt cured, dry aged and frozen grated Hudson Valey foie gras over Riesling gelee, lychees and pine nut brittle. This was a truly brilliant dish and my favorite course of the evening -- possibly tied with Annisa's uni chawanmushi for best dish of the year. I can't think of a better combination of flavors. - Pepper rubbed slow roasted lamb chop with kohlrabi terrine (thinly sliced, gently pickled), grilled leeks, tender young dandelion greens and delicious microgreens that I didn't recognize. Lamb was incredibly tender and pleasantly fatty (I believe a real food blogger would say "unctuous"). The slight acid in the kohlrabi was a great foil to the fat. I wanted to cry because I was too full to finish it all. - Palate cleanser of onion ice cream with a sprinkle of sea salt and onion soda. This dish, essentially an ice cream float, was the only dish in the sequence I didn't love -- but admittedly, I'm still thinking about it, trying to figure out whether I liked it or not. It was certainly interesting. - Fresh strawberries w/ strawberry sorbet, Chinese sponge cake, fennel cream, fennel granité, black sesame crumble, blueberries. The fennel cream tasted more strongly of honey than fennel and it was incredible, especially when whirled together with the sorbet and black sesame crumble. Strawberries were incredibly delicious, as well, and must've been picked that day. They tasted like ones I grew earlier this summer, sweetened by sun. - Mignardise: dome of buttermilk something w/ a liquid mint center, coated with a corn-flavored powder. This was a trompe l'oeil referencing daifuku mochi. The buttermilk something -- let's call it "pudding" -- was lovely, just a wee bit tangy and very nice with the corn powder. The mint center was a bit of a jolt, however. --------------- The progression of dishes was well thought out: Simply prepared plates highlighting pure flavors of high quality ingredients came early, before we were too full to appreciate the nuances. Later dishes were perfectly calibrated to combat tastebud fatigue and tease them back to full alertness. We didn't do the wine pairing, but picked a bottle of Blanc de Blanc. It went extremely well with every dish except for the lamb. Service was flawless, kind (not gushy, but nice in a reserved sort of way) and informative. These were definitely guys we'd want to hang with. As much as I hate being a groupie, and in fact worried I'd be disappointed after building it up in my head for years... well, I guess I have to join the ranks. Ko is nothing short of brilliant. Really. (Many thanks to JM for inspiring me to finally go!)
Momofuku is an amazing real ramen shop with a truly fabulous chef. If it is your first time you have no excuse not to have the Momofuku Ramen. It is one of the best bowls of noodle soup you will ever have. The flavorless broth and run of the mill ingredients you get in noodle soups at places like China One have nothing on this fragrant bowl of sumptuous broth, perfectly aldente ramen noodles, succulent Berkshire pork, a poached egg and all the other fixins that make a real bowl of ramen. This is ramen deluxe and tastes great and is amazingly satisfying on a cold winter night! The other items on the menu are usually excellent and if you have room always try one of the specials the chef is actually very inventive and more often than not puts together a few nibblers to go with your ramen that are better than anything you would expect.
Rock top. So Good. Still hungry though. 4.5 stars would be 5 if I didn't have to eat leftovers when I got home. (dinner)
First of all, I'm 5 for 5 on getting Ko reservations.  I put together a "Complete Guide to Getting Momofuku Ko Reservations" on this site: tinyurl.com/quewqw My recent meal at Ko was excellent but not flawless.   The amuse consisted of a roasted asparagus with yucca and mustard, a chicharron, and some sort of cornbread muffin.  The muffin was a disaster.  It was served on a hot griddle placed furthest away from me.  It stuck to the griddle and was very crumbly.  So if you tried to pick it up it would break and crumble all over the table.  But that didn't really matter because the muffin was severely overseasoned and not edible.  I like salty, but this was pure salt. The fluke with buttermilk, poppy seed and chives was amazing.  I found myself laughing out loud at how the flavors went together so well.  This was one of my favs. Next was some uni served in a dashi base with fresh snap peas and pea shoots.  Some really good out-of-season uni and the veg was so fresh tasting I felt like I was biting into a garden. Next was a smoked egg - wow the smokiness really got into the egg and tasted amazing.  It was served with caviar, fingerling potato chips, sweetpotato vinegar, onion suvi, and feen.  This was an excellent and creative dish.  A recurring theme in each course was the use of sweet, sour, and savory elements. Next, handtorn pasta, snail sausage, pecroino cheese, topped with CHICKEN SKIN.  Wow.  This was some of the best handtorn pasta I've had.  I really enjoyed this dish.  The crunch from the chicken skin took this dish to the next level. I was lucky to be there during the very short short soft-shell crab season.  You know, I have not had a ton of soft-shell crab, but this was by far the best I've had. It was so juicy and delicious.  Served with shaved celery and hearts of palm which were extremely fresh tasting and balanced the savoriness of the crab. Next dish, OMG, the shaved foie gras over fresh lychee.  Wow.  I can still taste that dish and makes my mouth water.  Just about every yelper has already described it so I will just say that I have added this dish as a course in my last meal. Next Spare-rib suveed for 48 hours then deep fried.  Served with some yummy red vinegar, onion, delicious fresh grilled ramps, and a green onion puree.  I think my palette is too calloused to appreciate the effect of the lengthy slow cooking as it was simply lost on me.  It tasted like a deep fried rib to me which isn't a bad thing.  Overall the dish was excellent. Next guava sorbet with a cream cheese skin.  Very creative. Finally the dessert was a let down.  It was a VERY large piece of funnel cake served with delicious black sesame ice cream, lemon sauce, and coconut cream.  I wasn't digging the funnel cake.  I feel like if I'm going to go to a restaurant like Ko and they want to give me street fair food for dessert, then either make it the best fricking funnel cake I've ever had or else just make it a smaller part of the dish instead of the main attraction.  Instead it was just as big as you'd get at the street fair but not even half as good  Loved the ice cream and sauces, but the funnel cake fell short in my book. In spite of a rocky start and a questionable ending, Ko is still one of my favorite restaurants and I look forward to going there again soon.  Chef Chang never ceases to amaze me - he is a true talent.
Overrated. Except the steamed buns (pork or mushroom) WHICH ARE DELICIOUS!!! I went on a Sunday at 10pm and there was a line. Get a life overdressed fashionistas! Don't get the noodles. They are monotonous. I have to say, this Berkshire pork trend is a little annoying. Poor Berkshire piggies--just too tasty for their own good. They are practically on every trendy menu in town. Pretty much stay away from the main dishes and go for apps and you will not be disappointed. But really, if there's a long line, come back another time.
as everyone has already said, get the steamed pork buns! and i also went with the momofuku ramen which was delicious. a little pricey for ramen, but i appreciated all the different flavors in the ramen.  i also ordered the seasonal pickles which works well with the ramen. the ramen size is actually pretty big. i suggest sharing a ramen with a friend and ordering something else to try. i don't suspect any use of msg b/c afterwards, i didn't feel really thirsty. my friend and i went early and just waited in line. however, the larger location does accomodate a lot more people.  my friend and i sat by the bar which was nice b/c we got to see all the different dishes going out. definitely a place to visit if you're coming to manhattan.
Cognitive Dissonance. According to Britannica.com, this psychological phenomenon is "the mental conflict that occurs when beliefs or assumptions are contradicted by new information." I had spent several weeks eagerly clicking the Momofuku website at 9:59:50 to login to try to score a reservation - they say this place is harder to book than Per Se.  David Chang is being lauded as the best new chef this side of Hester Blumenthal or Ferran Adria (ok, I'm exaggerating, but only a little).  Surely this means I could not give Ko anything less than five stars, could I???  Well, I copped out and gave it five stars, but it was close. Others have already described the decor, so no need to belabor that.    I went with a female friend, and, as others have also mentioned, we were served different things on a least a few courses.  We noticed that there were two other pairs eating at the same time, and the man received the same dishes I did, while the woman received the same food as my friend.  However, the last group consisted of two girls, and one of them was served the same food I was, so I don't think it's completely by gender.  I think they do try to give a group of people a variety.  In addition to the food, you can pick from a $50, $85, or $150 (!!!) drink tasting menu.  I was going to go for the $50, but my friend talked me into splitting the $150, asking me "When do you think you'll come next???" I thought the first 1/2 of the meal was underwhelming.  The biggest disappointments: Spiced chicharron (aka pork rind) - After hearing so much about this, I was sorely disappointed. The rind was too subtle (read: bland).  I honestly would rather have eaten pork rinds from a bag, or, as my friend put it, good ol' Chinese style shrimp chips are better. Kim chee consomme with pork belly and raw oyster  - The consomme is a latter-day version of kimchee chigae, and I have to say this was the most disappointing dish, because i had looked forward to it the most.  Neither the broth nor the pork had much flavor, and the oysters were not enough to save the day.   Other dishes that were bland were the chawan mushi with asparagus, pea soup with crawfish, and halibut.   So how the heck can I justify giving them five stars?  Because of the last 4 dishes: The shaved foie gras torchon - You know when you eat flavored shaved ice desserts, such as those at Vietnamese or Korean restaurants? When you put a spoonful in your mouth, all the shaved ice melts together into once mass, and then you taste the intense sweetness of the azuki bean or condensed milk?  This is the same, except better - you put a big bite of shaved foie gras in your mouth, just experiencing the powdery texture, but not the taste yet.  Then it all starts melting together, and you get this taste explosion in your mouth. Combine that with the lychee and the pinenuts.  Foie gras in general is great when you contrast the rich flavor with the sweetness of fruit and the bitterness of nuts, and David Chang nailed this combination.  Wow.   Deep fried short ribs - Tender and moist on the inside, yet crispy on the outside, and flavorful throughout.  That says it all... Fried apple pie with sour ice cream and miso paste - This felt like it came straight out of the Wylie Dufresne/Sam Mason school of dessert-making.  Great crispy apple pie, with just enough sweetness and tartness, combined with some ice cream and some intense paste. Cereal milk panna cotta - brings you back to your childhood, it tastes like a fantastic bowl of corn flakes in milk on those days when you poured the perfect amount of flakes from the box and added just the right amount of milk, and the cereal has been soaking in the milk long enough to impart its flavor, but not long enough to melt into the milk. Also, the pasta with mascarpone and snails that Janelle mentioned was pretty good, and so was the hens egg with caviar and potato chips (though I have to say, many others are doing pretty good things with eggs these days).   Of course, my review of each dish is a bit irrelevant, because if you go, you'll eat exactly what they feed you and like it.  So should you slavishly mark out 10am every day to sit at your computer to try to book a res here?  The answer is yes, because some of the dishes served were transcendent.  However, I will say that I have had recent meals at L'Atelier, Adour, and Dovetail, to name a few, that were consistently better throughout all the courses.  So sure, if it takes a few seconds of your time, try to score a res.  But if you don't get one, don't worry about it, and go eat at some of the restaurants above (and others) that are just as good or better and won't cause you as much stress to book.
Definitely not worth the hype. Not expensive, but still not worth it to me. The menu was sparse. The soup broth tended to be overwhelmingly salty. The meat was fatty. The steamed pork buns were the most interesting thing I had-thrown together like a mini sandwich-but dough was dense and the meat wasn't particularly tender. If you want noodle soup, you're better off going to a Vietnamese place, since soup is what they do best, or if you want pork buns, any dim sum place is the way to go.
I found the first few dishes uninspiring after all the hype and rave reviews. Some of the dishes were very creative but still overrated and others were just mediocre. For the price and amount of effort to obtain a reservation , I definitely would not come back.
From the feeling of success because a reservation was secured to the last spoonful of a 10 course dinner, Momofuku Ko knows how to win you over with ingenuity and deliciousness. Atmosphere: Unpretentious as hell. My elbows were on the counter, I was mopping up sauces and food bits with bread, shoes were kicked off and no one cares. I left the fork and knife at 7 o'clock. It doesn't matter. Not bad for a restaurant with a Michelin. I was scared to breathe wrong at Le Bernardin. Food: I didn't think certain foods would compliment one another, but everything went together. Onions were blackened, transformed into a powder, and sprinkled on your plate. Duck Pate was frozen into a block, and grated over a bowl. The lemon and coconut sorbet at the end was satisfying and refreshing. It was awesome, and really delicious. Staff: The cooks are more than happy to answer any questions you may have, not only the meal, but their own cooking experiences. They were friendly, helpful, and made eating there pretty amazing. Not a cheap meal, but  definitely a restaurant to try once. They're doing something different and innovative here. That's worth a visit.
Went for lunch and was absolutely wowed. By my last count, it was 17 courses and worth every penny of the $160. In fact, if you think about it, the meal nets out to less than $10 per plate. Granted the first 4 or 5 plates are literally just small bites. But, the plates get bigger and the last two entrees as well as the three desserts were almost too much to handle. The early raw dishes are definitely the standout. And, the overall style is to highlight each dish's main ingredient as opposed to overdressing things. For the raw dishes, this works brilliantly. Bites of oyster, fluke, kampachi, even duck tongue are done up simply and dressed up with unique and highly complimentary flavors. The lamb rib and sweet bread that capped off the meal were also very good but I felt they were almost too simple. Good way to highlight top notch ingredients, but I definitely wanted bolder, more memorable flavors especially after how interesting the small bites were. Desserts, maybe because I was already so full, were definitely lackluster. The attempt to play savory and sweet together as well as some awkward pairings - peppermint and peanut butter? - were almost stomach turning after having eaten so much. The alcohol pairing for $95 is less of a value but, for a light weight like me, still almost too much alcohol to keep down. Though, I'm sure other more adept drinkers will probably not share this opinion. I definitely want to return to Ko and it's a must have at least once type meal, but why didn't I give it 5 stars? It isn't that the restaurant is overpriced. The ingredients are top notch and the dish composition is great. The alcohol mark up might be the only area where the restaurant doesn't deliver a serious value. But, I think the sort of lackluster desserts and less than inventive "capstone" courses - i.e. the last two entrees - keep this restaurant from being perfect in my book.
So to provide some context I'm a fan of good food, have eaten in many fantastic restaurants around the world, and grew up in a family with a chef.  That said, I'm not a foodie, don't chase restaurants, and basically have a take it or leave it approach to dining.  From that perspective I've I have to agree with all the "underwhelmed" reviews I've seen posted here for Ko. ATMOSPHERE Right from the start we got this very stand-offish vibe from the chefs... the attendants were nice and friendly, but the chefs had little to no interest in either conversing with patrons or partaking in the give and take that is typical of chefs table type dining. And when I say stand-offish, I mean that as a consultant who can make small talk with ANYONE I STRUGGLED to have even the slightest conversation with the chefs.  The most amazing part of this was that the worst was the HEAD CHEF.  I mean, you're in the industry for years, you sign-up for a chefs table concept, and you don't like talking to customers? Its worth noting that this view was shared by our fellow patrons, who we watched amusingly try and overcome the same obstacles we did.  At one point I actually asked the head chef a question about preparation of something or other (can't remember right now) and he looked at me like a doe in the headlights... before replying with flippantly in a way that made me feel I shouldnt ask any more questions. FOOD As others have pointed out, some dishes were really good (the duck was amazing), but others left you wanting.  Yes, the lychee with Foie Gras was interesting, but it was horribly prepared... unless you get a bite of everything, which is amazingly difficult because the lychee is buried and sliced in large pieces you can't eat, it tastes AWFUL.  And my girlfriend had all of two little macadamian brittle pieces, without which the sweetness that is so critical to the dish is totally lost. We really liked the salt and pepper bread, but the first dish was a friend pork rind.  I mean, really?  I've had better rinds out of a bag.  And the pigs cheek?  Uncooked bacon with a little bit of pickled radish.  Hardly the stuff legends or careers are made of here folks. Basically I would say that 30% of the dishes were really stellar, 30% were bleh, and 30% downright sucked. WINE I'll be honest and say that the win pairings may have been one of my favorite parts of the evening.  We all went with the $85 option and I was really amazed at the breadth and diversity of the options.  I think its a little pricey for what it is, but if you think about the fact that there were about 10 courses all told it's really not that bad. RECOMMENDATION I realize my rec is basically meaningless... if you have the money to spend you'll likely go based on exclusivity alone.  However, at almost $500 for two people with tip I feel I could have gotten a better meal at a number of different restaurants all around the city.  Hell, the meal I had at Momofuku Ssam was better than the one I had at Ko. I would actually pass on Ko unless you have a burning itch to do it.  I didn't like the vibe, I thought the food was just okay, and at the price they charge there are a number of better options.
It was ok - yes, just ok.   It was not the best meal of my life and maybe I shouldn't have had such high expectations being that .....I was one of twelve diners that night within the whole world.   I'll give to David Chang his innovations for serving his food in such a "cool" way.  Riesling in jello texture served with shaved foie gras, BRAVO. The chefs were all very... how do I say this.... very standoffish infront of us.  Making chef jokes (Chef JelloRiesling (I don't know his name, I'm making it up as I go) over there thinks he can double fist spatulas!") and talking smuggly under their breaths to each other.  It was just semi awkward - seeing them interact and speak to each other that way.  They were all informative to the extent of - here's your dish, this is whats in it, and this is how we made it, enjoy and leave me alone - kind of way.  I just thought they'd be more enjoyable and "entertaining" from reading all of the reviews and praise here. Like I said overall - it was just OK, not the best meal of my life.
I'm fortunate to have experienced Ko on a few occassions now :) This tasting menu is a must, creative with flavors that keep you wanting more. No substitutions for vegetarians or those with food allergies but for more flexatarians such as myself wonderful treats abound. I love the intimate set up at the bar with the backdrop of ol' school hip hop to rock and alternative Ko is worth the effort it takes to make a reservation.
Date Visited: November 26th People: Megan My tab: ~$175 Worth the wait, and then some. The most inventive meal I've ever had. The Fois Gras Snowcone is nearly worth the total bill, I can still feel it melting in my mouth. Also liked the pasta with snail sausage. There are more than a few things on the list that aren't your typical momofuku flavors or ingredients. Even the entry level beverage pairing is worth it...a mix of sake, wine, red, rose and sparkling. And nearly 9 full glasses! Megan thought the dessert was a miss, it was essentially a pretzel ice cream with cheese puff pastry, i dunno it worked for me. If you can find this place on the street without walking past it at least once, you're a lot smarter than we are.
After 6+ months of trying for a vaunted ressy at Ko, I finally lucked out.  By that time, I had built Ko into some sort of dreamland in my mind, where David Chang does back-flips off the counter, while sprinkling his diner's with shaved truffles, with the Doors booming on a loud speaker in the background like some sort of maniacal foodie circus.  Ko was a place where wine flowed like water, and beer flowed like wine, and all of your wildest culinary dreams come true.   Let's just say I wasn't disappointed. Instead of going into great detail about each dish, i'll highlight a few that stuck out from the rest.   Lamb Belly in a daikon soup:  Probably my favorite dish of the night.  If you think that pork belly is something special, lamb belly just takes it to a whole new dimension.  Perfectly crisp skin, swaths of subcutaneous fat, delicately tender meat and just a hint of gamey lamb flavor. Soft boiled chicken egg:  On a bed of creamed sauerkraut and accompanied with caviar and fingerling potato chips.  It was one of those simply austere, yet completely rounded dishes that you crave after eating.  Despite its random assortment of ingredients, it made perfect sense.  It was earthy yet elegant, and a perfect hearty fall dish to fill the belly and warm the soul. Escargot & chicken sausages with egg noodles:  Perfectly al dente hand torn egg noodles, sprinkled with incredibly savory chunks of escargot and chicken sausage, bits of chervil, and sauced with a sort of creamy stroganoff glaze.  This dish took me back to my childhood, where my culinary clueless Mother would mush together some cream of mushroom soup, ground beef and sour cream, serve it on egg noodles and call it beef stroganoff.  However, this was stroganoff on steroids.  Regardless, it kindled the 'memory of taste' for me.   Foie gras w/lychee jelly:  I won't even bother covering this, as it's been written about multiple times.  Let's just say that it wasn't my favorite dish of the night, but was a completely revolutionary dish for me.   I won't say that the meal was 100% perfect.  A 'pastrami' of beef cheek, served with jalapeno sauce and a plug of grilled sticky rice fell somewhat flat with me.  The final dessert course, a strange combo of pretzel ice cream, greek yogurt, and deep fried nuggets of sharp farmhouse cheddar, left me completely perplexed.   First of all, after shoving down mounds of foie gras, uni, lamb belly, and grilled mackerel, the deep fried cheese was over the top.  However, the flavor combination's were just way over my head.  It was sort of a Milwaukee meets New York haute thing that I just couldn't understand.  I hate to say it, but i ended up savoring the pretzel icecream (strangely delicious) and abandoning the deep fried cheese. In addition to the near perfect meal the service didn't disappoint.  Sure there was a live cooking show of sorts, but the hostess was attentive, polite, and never neglected our water or wine glasses. After 6 months of waiting, dreaming and trying, Ko was not the 'big rock pork belly mountain' that I had imagined it to be.  However, it was pretty darn close.
4.5 but Chef Cassidy was so flippin awesome, I'm gonna round it up. Food overall was 4.5.   Lamb, beef, sashimi all were 5 Only dish I wasn't amused was the seabass with bacon puree.  I thought the bacon overpowered the fish.  3 I also appreciated that all the dishes had Asian influence but not in a cliche way or done-that-before way.  It was new and interesting! I don't go to "fine dinning" much on my humble salary.  But Momofuku Ko was the ONLY one that made me feel so comfortable and at ease.  I didn't feel like a country bumpkin.  They didn't even frown when I said I want to eat all my food with chopsticks.  :D
Pork Buns! So Damn Good! This place rocks in everyway.
I've been on a quest to find the perfect bowl of ramen in the SF Bay Area for a few months (I still have to go to Santa Ramen in San Mateo), but I think I've found perfection at Momofuku. It was seriously the best bowl of noodles I've ever had. This is not traditional ramen, but I don't care. Instead of slices of chashu (roast pork), Momofuku's ramen features an incredibly delicious helping of shredded Berkshire Pork. The broth is incredibly porky (exactly what I've been looking for) and contains peas and a poached egg (instead of hard boiled), which helps thicken the broth and give it some more flavor. There are no bean sprouts in this ramen either, but I don't care for them anyway, so that wasn't a big deal. We started with an appetizer of Roasted Rice Cakes, which were served with a roasted onion/spicy chili sauce. This looked like a Korean appetizer and it was a delicious way to start the meal. I ordered the Momofuku Ramen, which also contained pork belly, a welcome surprise. I wanted to order an appetizer of fried pork belly, but that was vetoed by my wife (probably for the better considering how much we've been eating this trip). My wife ordered the special pork neck ramen, which featured braised neck meat and a thicker, flat Chinese noodle. My friend had the standard pork ramen, which was like mine but sans pork belly. Momofuku is a bit overpriced for a bowl of ramen, but considering the quality of the ingredients and how good it is, I'm not complaining. And as I raised the bowl to my lips to finish off the last of the broth, the chorus for "The Search is Over" by Survivor starting playing in my head: I was looking for ramen, looking for the best I went to New York, unsure of what I'd find Now I look into my bowl The broth is gone forever The search is over Momo's the best one in my mind...
One of the better dining experiences i've had in my life.  The menu changes quite often, and is based on what seasonal ingredients are available.  Came here for dinner, and with almost all tasting menus, i can never remember what i ate.   Frozen Shaved foie gras with lychee and candied nuts - it's odd.  it melts.  it's delicious.  the sweet savoriness married with a funky texture combo is an experience.  The foie gras melts!   Everything else was a tasty awesome blur of textures and "what is this" awesomeness.
do people who are writing on this realize that this is not the noodle bar??  there are four different Momofuku places within this small area.  DON'T get them confused!!  KO is not the place that you can just walk in.  Reservation only.  Most people who wrote on this are describing the noodle bar.
