This place saved my life. I was having serious foot pain and needed reflexology so I called around hoping some place would take me that afternoon. I called Pure Qi and they told me to come in right then! I got a forty minute reflexology massage and it was amazing. I felt better immediately. I went back in for a deep tissue massage which was also great! The staff is all really nice, especially the guy at the front. It's comfortable and clean and pretty fairly priced. AND since it was almost my birthday they gave me free essential oil for my massage!
My boyfriend offered to buy me a 170 minute $140 Rejuvenation Spa package as a late birthday gift in which I was dying to use. A couple of weeks after my birthday, I called to make a same day appointment and they were able to accommodate me. My boyfriend paid over the phone and I brought cash for tip. I got there a little early and less than 2 minute wait time, I was immediately offered water/tea. There was a very nice young man behind the front desk and an older man named Chen. Chen helped me into my slippers and lead me to a dimly lit room into a comfy seating area. He asked if I had any injuries and if I needed to use the bathroom. 60 Minute Foot Reflexology: They had already prepped the warm bucket of water to soak my tired, sore feet. Connie worked her magic from my thighs to the sides of my legs, calves and feet. The foot reflexology did not hurt. She applied the right amount of pressure. 30 Minute Body Scrub: After 60 minutes of heaven I was led into another room across from the seating area in where I was to strip and prepare for my lavendar body scrub. Again, this was graciously performed by Connie. It was only supposed to be a full back scrub but she scrubbed my entire back, both legs, feet, both arms and elbows. After the scrub there is a private clean shower where you are to clean up. My body felt butter soft and so hydrated. They also provide you with a robe and shower cap. 80 Minute Essential Oil Hot Stone Massage: After showering and comfortably in my robe, a young woman asks me to wait in the area where I got my foot massage so that they can clean up and prepare the room for my massage. I decided to take this opportunity to use the bathroom. Very clean. The young man front the front desk offered me more tea. After five maybe six minutes, the young woman brought me to the room and asked me to undress, face down on the massage table and to cover myself with the towel. Connie made it her mission to get me to relax. She started with my head. She applied pressure for 10 seconds and released. She did this all over my body starting with my neck. What a very skillful woman. Her hands are soft but very firm! I also told her my left shoulder had been bothering me and she paid careful attention to that side. After the amazing pressure points, she applied oil and massaged everywhere. Then came the hot stone massage. Sometimes it can be a little too hot but just tell her. Afterwards she had me flip over and she gently massaged my face and chest, shoulders and arms. I am definitely going back to Connie. That woman knows things! The entire place was very clean and they keep it that way. The only thing is, like what every spa has trouble with is the noise in the common area. However, they strived to keep the noise down which was very appreciated.
Had an impromptu spa day here. I came based on yelp reviews. I knew not to expect too much fancy frills. I rather post for my massage than for aroma and music therapy. Appt was easily made same day. Got my butt on the train and got there asap. The man at front desk was very friendly. I got the house special..which is a $90/90 minute session. Rooms were clean. The space has thin walls so def expect to hear when the neighbouring patron is escorted into their room. No biggie. They made sure to keep their voices low. My masseuse was ohhh so good. Coco/koko..not sure how you will spell her name. She wasn't trying to talk my ears off which some masseuse tend to do. I didn't get deep tissue which can be added for extra $10 or $15. The level she gave me adequate. Anyway, my body was worked thoroughly. Took a nap. The hot stones were fabulous as usual. I love heat on my boodaee..lol. she also used thing hot towel thing and this other heated device to rub me down. Heavvveeeen I felt good after. Glad I came. I want to come back and I hope I have equally a great experience.
Have been coming here for 4 years and by now have gotten most of the services they offer. All of them are great, though I would get a facial at a more high-end spa where they have better products. The massages are fantastic. They also have some niche services you won't find in other spas such as ear candling and abdominal Chinese herb massage. You are required to wear underwear during the massages.
I came here after the kind of day that makes you drag your feet, zombie-like from fatigue. I booked an appointment over the phone that morning for a 'Day of Vitality' package, which is a 90 minute service consisting of any 30-minute massage and a 60 minute foot reflexology. I chose the head and face massage for the first half hour because another spa that offered the most delicious scalp massages shut down and I've been obsessing about it since. Street parking can be tough to find in the area if you're driving because of the alternate side rules and from the outside, Pure Qi looks humble and homely compared to some of the ritzier spas people may be used to. But don't let that deter you - as soon as you walk in, it is calm, peaceful, with just enough of the cheesy zen music to make your heart rate slow without making your eyes roll. It's the kind of environment that immediately makes you drop your voice to a whisper, and they seem to schedule their appointments sharply so that excess waiting-customer noise would be kept an absolute minimum, even with the fairly open floor plan. As soon as you arrive, they offer you slippers and I was ushered into the first massage room within a minute after putting them on. They set timers here to keep track of time, and it can be jarring when it beeps to signal the end of it, but what I liked about my masseuse (which I hope is true of all of them) is that she didn't immediately stop after it went off. I've been to other spas that would literally drop whatever limb they were working on as soon as their timers beeped, sang, or jangled, and the over-punctuality felt a little off-putting. None of that here; they use it for time management but they will finish when your services are completed. Quite frankly, the head and face massage was just okay. As soon my massage started, I immediately regretted not getting a back massage because she had strong hands that would have probably doctored my backside far better than my head and face, which felt like it was going to crack or rip from the pressure she sometimes placed on it. It wasn't relaxing and when it was over, I was glad for it. The reflexology, on the other hand...oh, where do I start? They seat you in a well-cushioned, reclining leather chair, where they first place your feet in a comfortably warm tub and wash your feet, which already had my eyes drooping. After that, I couldn't really tell you what happened during the next fifty minutes because I weaved blissfully in and out of sleep. I have had plenty of other reflexology sessions that were too light and felt like wasted money and others that were too painful that I stopped the massage early; this was the just-right foot massage that saved me from my Goldilocks dilemma. And to top things all off, the prices are terrifically reasonable, far better than what I've paid for lesser massages. I highly recommend Emily, whose able hands were responsible for making me exit the spa like I was walking on clouds ninety minutes and a mere $70 later.
Did another couples massage here and I absolutely loved it. I highly recommend the Pure Xi signature massage! 90 mins of bliss.
This was my first spa experience. I went with my boyfriend for his birthday to this spa and it's great for first timers. Receptionist is super nice and they have great deals. We got a couples massage package, that came with any full body massage, a facial and a foot massage. Amazing ! And my boyfriend enjoyed it as well. We felt like brand new people when we finished each session. But....... I also got a brazilian for myself and honestly, i've had $20 brazilian waxes that were better than this $50 one. First she heated up the wax and didn't even blow on it to cool it down so when it touched my skin it was hot as hell. And i felt like she was literally ripping my skin. She kept going over the same spot like crazy so it was more painful than usual and it didn't really feel like a full brazilian because there's still hair in certain areas. Waxing is definitely not worth it here, but the package deal that i got sufficed. I don't think i'd go here again because like i said it's great for first time spa virgins, but it's not too shabby for a massage place in bklyn.
Soooo good. Best spa in the area hands down. Great friendly service and the folks really know what they're doing when it comes to massages and reflexology.
Treated myself to a massage here for my 30th birthday and it was probably the best decision I made that day! I went in with a lot of stress and tension all throughout my neck/back. I did one of the package deals where you get the body scrub, full body massage and the foot rub. I left there feeling like a new person!! The staff were extremely professional and courteous and routinely check to make sure they aren't hurting you. The massages were relaxing and very thorough. The only downside is that there was no music playing or any sort of background noise, this may have just been on the day I was there but it was the only negative to the whole experience.
Read the Yelp reviews and decided to give it a try. Made an appointment for a 90 minute massage. Arrived and the manager told me he made a mistake. He wanted to personally massage my legs and feet for 30 minutes until my masseuse was available to complete the session. I asked about another service listed on the menu and he said they didn't really do that one.  I immediately cancelled and got out of there. I expected much more for a place with so many good Yelp reviews.  In short, a wasted couple of hours and cab fare. Also a big letdown. If you decide to go, I hope you have a much better experience.
This is the best spa in Williamsburg! Not only are the staff extremely friendly but they will remember you and take pride in the quality of the massage. I've done massages, facials and foot massages here. I swear the foot massage put me into a trance... They're just amazing here! I once came in with severe back pain from a car accident and the owner gave me some balm for free bc he felt bad for me, they really care about their customers :) And the prices are so fair, they keep me coming back!
Reviews looked good, had a tiring month, so I went for their most expensive spa package $140 for 3 services (30 min body scrub, 80min stone massage, 60min foot/leg massage). The massages themselves were indeed great, but the two issues I wasn't happy about was (1) I know I didn't get the full time paid for, and (2) after I paid 20% tips in cash (paid for massage by VISA) I was still hassled for more. That ended the massage with a bad taste. So I got there on time, but had to wait 15 min to start. The body scrub was great, but I was looking at the clock and I know I only got 20 min (not the 30 min advertised). Then I had to wait for another 15min before the next room was available. The next 2 massages were great, but I was done at the scheduled time, so it really makes me wonder if I missed more time I paid for.   At the end, I paid for the massage by credit card and paid 20% tips in cash. I know the girls will pocket the money without paying VISA or taxes, so sure I'll help them out. What ended the massage on an unhappy note was after I handed over the cash tip, the guy goes "oh a reminder, your package price is $140, but your package is really worth $165, so recommend you tip 20% of that higher amount' Seriously? I'm paying your standard full price here, I didn't use any deal or coupon, and I'm already doing you a favor with the cash tip, and you're trying to milk it another $5? Maybe you should consider I wouldn't have came if the price was $165, or that 20% was generous considering I know I didn't get the full time. Would I go back? Not sure, I'll probably look around somewhere else first.
Hubby got me a gift cert for xmas that I finally used last weekend. I got a massage, facial and foot massage package. Everything was absolutely amazing. The therapists were all really good. The guy at the front reception when I walked in was super duper nice and made sure that I was comfortable every step of the way. I didn't go more than a few minutes without him letting me know next steps and how much longer the wait would be- really great customer service. There was a slight damp smell in the waiting area but I am particularly sensitive to smells so not sure if others could smell it as well. Also, they have a pretty strict cancellation policy which I found out the hard way, though they were kind enough to work with me through it...but better to be aware than to fight it! Overall, awesome little gem in the neighborhood for affordable and quality treatments!
This was a very weird experience. After checking in, I was seated in the back room and sat in one of the three seats and given hot tea to relax while my feet soaked in water (or oils?). Two minutes later they tell me that they thought I was someone else and was asked to sit back outside in their waiting room. Not sure why I couldn't just stay in that seat to relax for a few minutes more.. I never saw anyone else sitting there after I got up. During my services (I got one of the packages), I felt uncomfortable the whole time. And the walls didn't rise up to the ceilings so I could hear every footstep and every whisper while trying to relax. I had good pressure during my massage, but it was not relaxing at all. And the masseuse asked me about my nationality and whether I spoke Chinese and whether I'd been to China. WHAT DOES THAT MATTER?! When I was getting my massage while laying on my stomach, the masseuse massaged my butt. I have been to a lot of places (high end and sketchy) and I have gotten a massage and no one has ever massaged my butt - not even the sketchy places! I tried to just go with it but it was so unexpected and I couldn't relax. I got more tense. The prices are affordable but I expected a lot more professionalism from one of the "highest rated on Yelp." I would not return again.
Very good experience at Pure QI! Chin the man at the counter helped me to choose with the type of massages I needed! So I picked" the Day of Vitality" but 40 min massage and 40 min foot reflexology ! Jenny, the woman who took  care of me, did a great job and insisted on the deep pain I had! I do not live in Brooklyn but during my next business trip I will come back!
Been going here forever. I love that they can tell you when you had what done & with whom (now thats caller ID). Best to go early on weekends. Not a fancy stay all day type of spa but its good for getting a quick mid week relaxer. I can get two things done for the price of one treatment at a place in the city. If you require a fancy aesthetic, bring a copy of Elle Decor with you to help balance it out.
I just got home from getting a massage here. I got a 30 minute deep tissue massage, and holy crap! I feel amazing. It's nothing fancy, but everyone was really friendly and the price is good. Super nice staff, it was very clean, and I walked out feeling great! Will definitely be back!
What they claim to be reflexology is a mediocre foot massage. It is false advertisement to get more clients. Not to mention they called four times to change and then confirm my reservation. They couldn't have cared less when I explained that reflexology is not what they're offering. Do not waste your money.
Wow - this place is great. Angel gave me an amazing 90 minute anti-stress massage, and it really did the trick. She used the perfect amount of pressure, and made sure to ask me a couple of times if the pressure level was OK. I don't like super hard pressure massages, they always leave me feeling as if I've been beaten up when I wake up the next morning. If you want really hard pressure, ask for the deep tissue massage.   A high quality 90 minute massage was $80 (not including tip) - the price is very reasonable. It is not the most chic or beautiful spa I've ever been to, but if I'm spending 90 minutes with my eyes closed, I don't really care what it looks like. It is clean and well maintained, and the staff are professional and well trained. Everyone was very attentive. Three points re: other reviewers' comments: - Those shoes are not the shoes of the employees, they are the shoes of the other customers. They have you leave them at the front so you don't track NYC street detritus through the clean spa. Sure, maybe it would be nice if they had a separate room for the shoes and the coats, but this is not the 'burbs, and space is at a premium. For a 90 minute, $80 massage, I can deal with seeing some shoes. - The alleged "weird smell" - when I arrived, I could smell rice steaming - my guess is that they have a rice cooker in the back; the employees probably eat lunch there. It smelled like steamed rice, and I couldn't smell anything else. I know that a lot of spas smell like perfumed products. I prefer not to be overwhelmed by a lot of heavy scents, so I have no problem with the way Pure Qi has no strong smell in the waiting area or rooms. The smell of cooking rice did not bother me. -- The room I was in for my massage faces Driggs. I could hear minimal street noise, but nothing terrible. I could faintly hear timers going off in other rooms. Not ideal, but again, I had an excellent 90 minute massage for $80. I'm not expecting total sound dampening. Highly recommended.
I literally can't get enough of this place. I try to come with my husband at least once a month. I normally get the deep tissue or anti stress massage and he gets the facial and or a massage. I never get the same masseuse and I've never been let down! I don't like to be gently rubbed, I like to get my knots out and relieve my muscles. This place is legit and clean! The staff really go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable and you can't beat the prices.
Wonderful spa experience in Brooklyn. It's a little bit of a trek from the L, but we made it and for two hours, we were totally relaxed. I highly recommend getting one of the packages -- massages weren't too painful and were relaxing, facilities were clean, and the staff was professional as well as courteous.
This was the worst spa experience that I have ever had. The manager or whoever behind the counter was rude and extremely racist. I was couple of minutes late. He treated us like useless people. The facial was barely rushed for 30 minutes. When we were done he actually told us to GET OUT. He actually wanted to charge us for 45 minutes but after arguing for 15 minutes he charged $30. There are many better spas then this. Please don't go to this place. If the owner is reading this please get this employee of yours checked. He needs some kind of anger management treatment.
My boyfriend and I went here for a couples massage to celebrate our anniversary and boy oh boy were we satisfied. First, the guy that works at the front is so welcoming and makes you feel right at home. You'll leave your shoes at the door and he will give you some nice slippers to put on. Then he will take you back to a holding area. Shortly after we were taken to the couples room which is very nice and charming. We received the Signature Qi Massage which is 90 minutes of heaven. It is a hot stone massage with some herb rollers and foot detox patches. I didn't know what half of the stuff they were doing was but it didn't matter. And this is not your grandmother's massage. They are really going to get down in there, but you will leave feeling like a new person. And then when we left, the same nice guy at the front gave us some water and some yummy candies. They take cash and credit but prefer cash. There is an atm inside. I was more than happy with our service so I just went ahead and paid in cash (makes it easier for tipping too). For sure go! I cannot wait to go back.
The first time I went to Pure Qi, I went because my friend gave me a gift card.  It was great.  The woman who worked on me was pleasant and a very good masseuse.  She was able to identify and work on trouble spots.  I thought great, I found a place I could come to regularly which is affordable and close to home.  The second time I went, it was a very different experience.  The masseuse I had was adequate but seemed very unhappy to be there, didn't speak any English so I couldn't communicate with her, and unlike the first person I had, did not seem to be sensitive to particular muscular issues and trouble spots.  At the end of massage I was pretty dissatisfied.  I asked the manager if next time I came I could book original woman I had who was a much better masseuse.  He said no, they would not book a particular masseuse, and could not guarantee me a particular masseuse even if I booked with her.  Then, believe it or not, he said they were all the same anyway.  What?  Then, when I made the payment for current dissatisfying massage, he told me I was REQUIRED to pay a 20 % tip.  Required.  So, first experience was a 5 and then second experience was a big zero.  Seemed liked manager was going out of his way to make me not want to come back. Honestly didn't mind initially that the place was a little funky, now I wonder what's up there.
Spa packages are great price for great quality. Got the "Refresh" package with my boyfriend- foot reflexology, facial, deep tissue (or reg) massage in the same room. Very accommodating and friendly.
I'm a frequent and discerning client of spas and massage places. Pure Qi was a great experience: the place was clean, the staff was friendly and the deep tissue massage was fantastic. The masseuse definitely was experienced as I had terrible pains in my neck and she made them disappear (without making me suffer in the process). Will definitely return.
Awesome time here. Made an appointment came here 15 mins before as stated. It was very nice and quiet. I was offered water as soon as I stepped inside. Came here with my girlfriend both got a whole body massage except I got a deep tissue. No complaints at all I'm a first timer with massages but boy did it feel so relaxing. She really dug into my back and got rid of the knots which I had on my back. I enjoyed it so much. For $70 dollars can't go wrong. You do get you the full hour worth which I was happy about. Nice relaxing music place was clean not the most luxurious place but it looks well maintained. Only one thing which was awkward I left on my boxers on but the lady pulled them down to massage my butt. Felt nice but it was a bit of a surprise. Not something I payed to much mind to since she did such a great job. Looking forward to coming back.
The best $60 (plus tip) that I've spent in a long time! I was desperate for some relief from various workout related aches and pains, and came here based on the ratings on Yelp and the fact that they could take me last minute. The place is very clean, service is so friendly, and the massage was over the top awesome! SO much better and SO much cheaper than all of the massages that I've had in higher-end spas in the city. My masseuse really knew what she was doing and paid special attention to the areas that I needed help with. The pressure was hard in a good way, and she had great technique (she got into all of the muscle attachments and had all sorts of massage moves up her sleeve, plus some mobilization and stretching). All in all, I left pain free and totally relaxed. Make sure you call and reserve in advance. The weekends get fully booked fast.
The customer service is without a doubt, great. Friendly and accommodating. I got a package that included a body scrub, anti-stress massage and foot massage. The body scrub really did the trick, my skin never felt so smooth. The anti-stress massage, overall, it was alright. There was a time when the masseuse used my arm as a jump rope. I was a bit confused on that part. Next time I'll try the deep tissue massage, seems like thats their trademark, not the anti-stress. The foot massage, was alright as well. It was just a good foot rub, I wouldn't call it a massage, the masseuse didn't really hit any pressure points. The place also uses timers, which is fine, but please there has to be a different method of being aware that time is up rather than hearing the beeps where you're suppose to be in a tranquil state of mind. So why four stars? Because the customer service was really good, everybody is super friendly. But I think more technique is needed.
Ok I have one word and one word only....................... EXCELLENT! To the people I see who gave the spa 1 or 2 stars...... BOOOOOOOOOOOOO to you! Boooooooooooooooooooooo............... I have become a regular at this spa due to my excellent deep tissue massages that I get regularly - OMAZING!!!!!!!! I tried so many different masseuses. They are all trained to satisfy and cater to the clients with absolutely no attitude at all. And Wen who is mostly one of the most kindness man I have ever met 0 even when I make him crazy with my last minute changes - LOL! LOL! So this past Saturday - I visited the spa - after 7 days of NO SLEEP....... Can u imagine, my body was HURT! When I say HURT....... no exaggeration! This time I tried Annie.......... Lord Jesus, she gave me a serious deep tissue massage - She put me to sleep............ snoring and all. I WAS SATISFIED!!!!!!!! My girl friend had the 60 minute body scrub and a 60 minute deep tissue massage with Angel. This was her first time - She was so SATISFIED that she agreed that this will be our regular spot when we have our girls hang out weekends.   I also tried Linda - she is excellent too.
After the boy complete the spartan sprint, we decided to book a nice couples spa date. He had the Men's Refresh package and I did the Re-Balance package. I have to admit, for a chinese ran massage place, this place is excellent. It's a small treasure shop. The man, who I assumed was the owner, was very very nice and so sweet. He made sure we remembered our appointment and made sure we were hydrated throughout our time there. We both started with the foot reflexology, which I loved! Highly recommend. They work on toes, feet, leg and the knees. Then I had the ginger body scrub, boy had the men's facial. The body scrub was very harsh, it hurt. *insert sad face. No really. It hurt. I thought my skin was raw but it wasn't. I usually exfoliate with lush's ocean salt or soap & glory's flake away, but this was sooo harsh. The boy was next to me doing his facial. it's nice that they kept us in the same room. I showered and got ready for my massage. The re-balance massage...was okay. I'm used to getting my deep tissue / acupunture massages in Chinatown so this was a little different. The masseuse was very gentle and polite, she used a lot of knuckles which def helped my knots under my shoulder. It lasted for 40minutes and she even worked on my face. That was my favorite part. Overall, it was a peaceful and very very relaxing experience but this place wouldn't be my regular.
So happy to have found this legit Chinese massage place - no need to schlep to Chinatown and put yourself at the mercy of questionable bodywork. I'm really not the sort of person who finds massage and spa services relaxing, but the knots in my shoulders were getting pretty unbearable. I requested for the hot stone massage as it was a particularly cold day. The regular pressure applied was pretty strong for me, and as typical massages go, I experienced some pain on the second day, but felt great from the third day onwards. So I would recommend that if you don't get massages regularly and/or don't have any serious back problems, it's probably alright to steer away from the deep tissue massage. The masseuse took care to make sure that everything was at a pleasant temperature, from the massage oil, to the hot stones, as well as the overall room space. This place is clean and peaceful, with reasonable prices, and should you find comfort in the typical Asian spa accoutrements (lucky cat figurine, crystal geodes, bamboo this and that, etc.), have no worry, it's all here. Best of all is the authentic soundtrack: soft ambient strains of sentimental piano, zen zither, chirping birdies, trickling waterfalls, and an assortment of charming MIDI compositions. Can you dig it?
Came here with the bf for a couples deep-tissue massage and loved it. The staff was polite and attentive. The place was clean. My masseuse was also attentive to making sure the pressure was good for me. It was a great deal, I would come back!
I'm very snobby about spa services--with experiences all over the world. I'll self describe as a massage junky. This place was clean, professional, and provided wonderful massages. I did the $140 spa package--I had someone's hands on me for 3 hours. I FLOATED out of the spa, and it was worth the trip from Manhattan to Williamsburg. Yes, you can hear some ambient noise, but it's minimal. This is run by Chinese who are very attentive, and want to ensure you have a great experience. The rooms are well-appointed, even though this isn't a "fancy" high end spa. That said, when you're on your stomach for hours at a time who needs pretty? They served delicious tea and it was indeed relaxing.
I went to this place based on Yelp reviews, and, I LOVED it. I had the anti-stress massage for 1 hour, and I got out as if I was levitating. My masseuse was Linda and she is awesome. She spent most of the time working on my back and trying to diminish my muscle contractures. Then she worked the legs and feet (for 5 min :( ) and after that she finished with head and a little bit of facial massage. The price it's more than convenient, I'll definitely come back and I'd also like to try their facial treatments as my skin tends to be dry. My only cons: the workers and clients speak a little bit loud so you can hear conversations while you're trying to relax and it's true that there's some kind of weird smell, but the oils that Linda used made me forget about it. As I say, you can't be too picky if you're paying 60$ for a 60-minute massage. Loved it.
Hands down one of my favorite spas. Very professional, very clean, relaxing, and prices are reasonable.
I came to Pure Qi on my bday to treat myself to some much needed R&R. This place is super affordable but by no means a luxury spa. Hidden on Driggs Ave, you're likely to pass by this place unless you're looking for it.  I got a hot stone massage and it was amazing. I'm not a habitual massage go-er so initially I thought a 80 minute service would be too long. Man, was I wrong. Those 80 minutes flew by.  This was my first hot stone massage, but it definitely won't be my last.
I am the eternal thinker...between work, grad school, and maintaining my flawless figure in the gym (ha!) it has become increasingly difficult for me to relax these restless bones of mine!  At other spa's, it usually takes me 45 minutes to quiet my brain long enough to seep into relation.  At Pure Qi... 10 minutes on the table and I'm being awoken by the sound of my own snoring! Yes, people...they are THAT DAMN GOOD.  These little ladies are the masters of relaxation and will make it their business to knead every little knot and kink out of your raggedy ass back!  At one point during the massage it felt like little baby feet were being walked up my spine, I kid you not! All in all, I spent $105 for a 90 minute massage and a 30 minute foot rub. Insanely good price!  Do your tired feet and back a favor and get in on this action before the people at Pure Qi come to their senses and up the prices! Ask for Annie or Linda!
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary (yay!), and were so excited for a little spa day. Happily, we weren't led astray by you, Yelp! Pure Qi is a tiny, hole-in-the-wall place, but they are 100% focused on customer service and satisfaction. We had a couples package (which included a 1/2 hour foot massage, 1/2 hour body scrub, and 1 hour full body massage) and everything was terrific. The body massage was my personal favorite - these ladies (and gents, in my case) are deceptively and unbelievably strong! I'd say it was one of the best massages I've ever had. The owner (I assumed) of the spa was so warm and welcoming, and accommodated my request for a little more warmth with a personal heater, blanket AND a lovely cup of green tea. Couldn't say enough nice things about the staff. Every concern was addressed. My only qualms with my experience at Pure Qi had to do with the structure of the place. Our foot massage took place in a hallway next to the entryway, so while we were very comfortable, we heard every phone ring/lobby conversation, and saw every passing group headed in to the spa. Not so awesome. The staff also carries these little timers to keep them on schedule (totally fine), but they beep extremely loudly and shrilly when the service is beginning/over (totally disruptive). Aside from that, we had a great time and were very well taken care of. We left completely relaxed and happy - and according to my boyfriend, the price was super affordable for what we got! If you're in Brooklyn, go go go!
They have robes now! Love this place, happy they read there reviews and make changes.
I was looking for a spa where to get a great massage, I was striking for relax and decontracturate my muscles. So I found Pure Qi on yelp and it convinced me by the high numbers of reviews and stars. I booked yesterday and tomorrow morning I was already fixed. even if the place is not fussy or fancy the check in is smooth and the people at reception very caring. Once you start your massage(I got the Aroma Package) you enter in another world and everything is left behind. Tina (I'm sorry if I write it wrong) has been FANTASTIC. She gave me a facial massage and then feet. After one hour I was feeling like alive again. Then I took a one hour whole body massage a bit deep and strong but I needed it! I trust people so I let Tina do her  job...and it was worth because my neck is working and not paining now. Most of all I would highlight the quiet silent room and cleaned. Every towel was washed and is wonderful when you get warm towel on your face or body such a relief!!! It is worth 115$ and hope to come back again Or great idea for a gift.....
Affordable services with talented massage therapists right in the heart of Greenpoint. From the moment you walk in you are greeted by Wang. The most attentive & kind owner that genuinely wants you to relax once you step through the doors. My bf & I usually come once every couple of months to do a couples anti-stress or deep tissue massage. We splurged on my birthday and got the Pure Qi Signature massage. If you've got the budget (which you most certainly will considering the prices), treat yo' self. After you've been put into a deep moment of Zen, Wang encourages you to sit down and serves you hot tea or water and a tasty Chinese candy treat. My favorite is the peanut butter one and he remembers it every time. Now that's service.
My last time there was a horrid experience. I've been going regularly with my wife for the past year and half. We usually get the couples massage, which was fine as usual, but we had a huge issue with the man in the front. Wed never seen him before, and after this experience we hope to never see him again. We had an appointment at 9 and were even contacted about changing our time because the couple in front of us wanted a longer massage. We weren't on a tight schedule so we were open to get a massage as early as 7pm. After some hoopla, there were no time changes, so we ended up walking in a little early at 8:50. We figured we'd have to wait a little, but didn't expect to have to wait until after 9:20 for the previous couple to walk out of the room, and only after we asked twice if it would be much longer. I don't know if the place has switched owners or just got a new manager but whoever is doing the booking is piss poor at their job.  Sure I can wait an extra 5-10 minutes for someone who was running late. What I won't wait for is overbooking a room and making the next appointment wait because a manager is trying to squeeze out a little extra money at the end of the day. To his credit he did give us a 10% discount, but I politely explained we'd rather pay in full and start at the appointment time. Not sure we'll ever go back. If we do, I hope the woman who used to work the front returns.
Not the fanciest of places but it's clean and you can't beat the prices. I got a deep tissue and it was a decent massage.  It's a great deal and you probably won't find better but it's not a spa-like experience if that's what you're looking for.
Took my husband here for his birthday. He was so stressed with work and fantasy baseball, he needed a break. He loved it! (of course I treated myself as well and loved it!) Great prices, great services, very friendly staff! Do yourself a favor and treat yourself! Can't wait to go back.
I just got worked over by a 5'2 90lb Mack truck named Coco, and it was ah-mazing. I got the 80 minute hot stone massage, and it is a STEAL at $80. Pros: Friendly and attentive staff, clean and inviting facility, gifted masseuse, and private rooms Cons: You can hear fellow guests in adjacent rooms and folks walking around upstairs, but this is really a non-issue when you're half asleep in bliss anyway. I'll be back.
Oh...my...good grief. I have lived around the corner from this place for over a year. Every time my roommate's mother comes to town she frequents this place on a daily basis, yet for some reason yesterday was my first experience...why oh why did I wait so long? My boyfriend and I were strolling home from a late leisurely lunch at Enid's when he stopped at the door of Pure Qi and looked at it longingly, like a puppy. Not one to need my arm twisted for a quick pop into a spa, we decided on a 30 minute couples massage (better than a post-lunch nap) and in no time we were side by side in a dark room with soothing lavendar oil being rubbed into our sore backs. I am a services girl - massages, facials, beauty treatments, I'm a fan. This was one of the best - and most competitively priced - massages I have had in New York. For $35 I was transported to a land of luxurious relaxation from the moment I walked in the door to the moment I left...for an extra $5 my man got a deep tissue (which I usually prefer, but I opted for the reg pressure this first time and was more than impressed!) Pure Qi, I will be back again and again...and again, and again, and again...
I was having major pains in my shoulder blade and neck, which didn't seem to go away after about 24 hours.  I decided after a long day of work to get a massage in hopes of feeling well enough to sleep soundly - the pain was bad enough to keep me up all night. I book a last minute appointment here after reading a range of reviews.  I opted for the 30 minute massage, which was supposed to be $35. I arrived a little early and the gentleman in the front was very calm in offering me slippers and asking if I preferred a male or female masseuse.   I never had a male masseuse before, so decided to keep it safe and just have a female masseuse.  Not sure how many finance would feel about a guy rubbing me down, ha! Anyhoo, I was brought to the back and placed in a room.  Didn't know what to do, but figured they'd want me to undress.  A little more direction would have been appreciated.  I got down to my nickers and a nice woman came in and helped me onto the table. I explained to her what my issue was and told her to do what was necessary to ease the pain.  She mentioned something about a deep tissue massage, but thought she was asking if she wanted me to go hard or soft.  I told her to do what she thought was right, I'm not the expert. She started with a towel on me and eased my body into a nice massage.  At first I thought the whole massage would be done through the towel, but thankfully she did use oil and rubbed my back and shoulders. I've had a lot of massages and thought that the technique and pressure used was good.  Not overly strong, it was very pleasant the entire time.  It didn't hurt very much, just felt very good.  She would check to make sure I was okay if it seemed like I was in pain, which was nice.  She actually cared about me enjoying it, which not every masseuse does.  I've had some pretty brutal massages... After we were done, she rubbed my back with some Chinese herbs (or so she said) to ease the muscles a bit more. She told me not to shower and let the herbs work their magic on me.  I felt 200% better after the massage.  I could actually turn my neck and I wasn't in debilitating pain.  Yay!   However, when I went to pay, I was told it was $45 instead of $35 since it was a deep tissue massage.  I was really irritated by that, like I was almost tricked into a more expensive massage.  I had no idea there was a cost associated with her doing it harder than normal.  And to be honest, it wasn't that hard - I would hate to think how soft the regular massage was.  In the end it was only $10 more and I felt a lot better so I paid. This place is close to home, so it is extremely convenient, but the pricing situation put a weird taste in my mouth.  I liked the place, it was clean and super friendly and they did make me feel so much better.   It's definitely worth checking out if you want a massage in a nice place, but just be very careful about what you're getting so you're not surprised like me in the end.
This review is for my Husband, I treated him to a morning at the spa for his Birthday and after seeing all the great reviews decided to bring him here. I made his appointment early in the day dropped him off then told him he was getting a day at the spa! He loved it from the ambience he said the atmosphere was very serene. I got him the Gentlemen package which includes 40min massage, 40 min facial and 40min foot reflexology. He enjoyed every minute of it. He plays sports so his back needed some work. He said he felt very comfortable, they were very professional and they spoke very softly and music was very calming. I am so glad he enjoyed it. I think this will be our go to place for massages. I def recommend this place to my friends and anyone looking for a intimate place !!!
This place is a little slice of heaven on earth!! I've been here twice and both times I've left raving about the great experience I had. Background: I work in advertising and sometimes, shit just hits the fan. Late hours accumulate as stress on my upper back, in addition to worn legs from my running habit. I've been on the lookout for spa in Williamsburg that can offer quality service and pricing without compromising on cleanliness or consistency. This place fits the bill. Each time I've visited, I've entered this place tense and have left  feeling like jelly. Haha, it really is that fantastic. The owners are a delight - always kind and attentive. Love that they offer tea or warm water after your service (warm so as not to shock your system). The spa is very serene and dimly lit to put you in a state of ease when you enter.  Do yourself a favor and book an appointment.
As much as I would like to give this place 5 stars, the twist is at the end of the visit... So my boyfriend and I were celebrating our 8 year anniversary by getting spa treatment and dinner later that night. I chose this place because they had reasonable packages and part of me really wanted to discover something new in Brooklyn since I do EVERYTHING here in Manhattan, live...work...play...Anyway, it was also our 1st time getting a massage and a facial. I was really excited but also nervous. The host was a very patient and helpful gentleman. I was very confused about the packages since I didn't know what to expect and he helped us choose the best ones. The place was uber clean and quiet. The staff was very friendly and discrete.  So there we were towards the end with our facials and suddenly the phone starts to ring and the host was nowhere to be found, so my masseuse had to interrupt the session to take the calls and at some point, asked her co-worker to finish my face =/ no bueno. She came back and I suddenly felt like I was being rushed out of the room. Even though she apologized, and said there was no rush, it wasn't the vibe I was getting. My bliss was broken. And it went from peace and quiet to ringing phones and a tiny brief chaos. She claimed that the host had disappeared so she had to man the desk for a bit. Upon being rung up for the costs, my tab went up $5 after I had already swiped  my card then she asked me to increase the amount of the tip to make up for the difference. I was bothered. Later on that night the host called me to apologize for the mistake she made, but that I had paid $10 over, which would then be applied as a credit. Hence the reason I could not give this place 5 stars.
love this place! Bf and I had called for a same day appointment for the massage + body scrub package and they were able to fit us in the same day--albeit late that evening but it was understandable considering how it was a Saturday. As other reviewers have mentioned, they are very friendly and accommodating (especially for an Asian-run establishment...yes, I can that because I'm Asian myself and acknowledge the usually brash, cold attitudes of Asian-run massage places in NYC. Ironic considering how friendly massage places are in Asia but that is another story) It was our first time getting body scrubs and we both loved the experience. Smooth as a baby's bottom after! Wished the shower was bigger but considering how expensive real estate is, it is understandable. Glad they provided comfy robes so we didn't have to put on our clothes to head to the couples massage room. Love how our masseuses DIDN'T chat away the whole time or even talk much at all other than asking us if everything was okay. The constant chatter is usually one of the things that detracts the quality of most Asian massage experiences in NYC. Also, I got the deep tissue for an extra $10 and the massage was strong enough--not the strongest I've had as I like super strong massages like the ones I've had in Taiwan--but definitely sufficient and above average for new york. Bf didn't upgrade to deep tissue and said the pressure of his massage was above average as well. All in all, definitely a few steps above a typical Asian massage place in terms of friendliness, ability to communicate in English, experience, and cleanliness (big+ for me as I'm a germ-o-phobe). The towels they have feel plush and clean and you feel more than comfortable walking around barefoot. Worth spending the extra money to really relax. If only they had a larger shower as well as a sauna or steam room--that would have made it a 5+ star experience!
A Love Letter to Pure Qi: Dear Pure Qi, I moved away from Greenpoint almost 6 months ago.  I miss the energy in the streets, the lovely cafes and boutiques-- but it's nothing compared to how I miss you. Always honest, always attentive massage therapists, skilled well beyond your very reasonable prices.  Your facility is lovely, calming, and clean.  I might just have to take the long trip down to you because I've found no place that can touch you in Manhattan just yet.  Support Pure Qi and trust me, you won't regret it. Sincerely, A very loyal, grateful customer
Have been here several times for a couple's massage. The massages and prices are great. The owner takes it upon himself to make sure your experience is great. The place itself is small and has an odd set up. The rooms were very clean, but you can hear a lot of noise coming from outside and hallway. But you can't beat the prices!
Why does it feel like I am about to write a college paper right now , its like that feeling of when you do Majorrrr  procrastination bc you need to prepare the knowledge first in order to get started , that's how I feel I will just confess my love to my masseuse John now , I got the deep tissue massage for 60 minutes and the 40 minute foot message for only a total of 100.00 freakin dollars John and I'm sure like the many other amazing goddess like hands in this place will make you feel like brand spanking new The customer service is great!!! And I love the set up , honestly you should just stop reading this review from here and go to this spot it is no joke ! I would recommend this place to any and everyone ! The lovely man gave me one of my favorite Chinese candies 2 actually :) after my sesh was over, they offer you tea or water at least 3 times while you are there , I mean the hospitality couldn't get any better , this place is gonna get crazy popular one day because they are so amazing service Counting down to the days when I return !!
Went for a facial and to have my eyebrows done yesterday. They did a great job on both. my face is totally glowing today. the face/neck/scalp massage during the facial was awesome! so good that i am going to go back soon for just a massage. The place is very new/clean and the staff was very friendly.
Excellent prices (not very much more than your run-of-the mill Tui Na places), relaxing atmosphere, and verrrryyyy good massages. I almost hesitate to write this review because then it will be even harder to get last-minute appointments, but I just had to give them their due. I'm a massage regular, and I don't give such high praise lightly -- but these guys rock, My only complaint is that the deep tissue isn't really THAT much different than the regular massage (because the regular is pretty strong as it is). Soooo... save the extra $10 and just get a regular!
I took my wife here for her 30th birthday and she ENJOYED it to the fullest because the place was extremely clean, staff were super duper friendly lol (Especially Wang). The couples room was very serene which completed the EXCELLENT massages we both received. My wife got Anti-Stress with Hot stone massage and I got the Deep Tissue and Hot stone massage. We slept like babies later that night, now we are hooked and plan to go once a night!
Amazing deep tissue massage! Hurts like hell, but does the job of getting rid of those nasty knots in your back. My back finally doesn't hurt and I'll sure be back. Hubby and I got a couple's room and loved it!
I chose to come here based on the yelp reviews and I'm glad I did. I booked two rejuvenation packages for myself and my boyfriend.  We had a lavender scrub, hot stone massage, and foot reflexology for only $130 each. The place is immaculate.  The body scrub was the perfect antecedent to the massage. it was invigorating. The massage was very relaxing; all the tension in my shoulders melted away...I ended up falling asleep during the reflexology because it was so relaxing! The staff was very friendly and accommodating I can't wait to go back!
This place is great.  Simple, clean, and very reasonably priced. Every treatment I've had has been excellent. Ssshhhhhh
So I lied to get my boyfriend here and when we were through he definitely didn't mind. He's always complaining about his back so I booked a deep tissue massage for him and a facial for myself. We were running a few minutes late because of an issue with our puppy that morning, but it didn't turn out to be a problem. Once inside the atmosphere was nice, quiet, and relaxing. They let us go in the same room which I thought was really nice of them since I hadn't specifically requested it, they just offered it when we got there. After his massage my boyfriend said he felt as sore as he does after a good workout at the gym (this is a huge compliment). My skin looked and felt better than it has in a long time and I thought that the price was a bargain compared to other spas.  I will definitely be back when I have more disposable income.
W O W. My mum decided to be nice and offered to pay for me to get a facial (I have a formal event next week). Of course, first she told me my skin was so oily you could use my forehead as a mirror- but HEY free facial,  I can't complain. I walked in here, and was immediately offered slippers and a cup of water. The woman was ready and waiting for me, even though I showed up early. I asked for a regular facial, $70 for 70 minutes. They adjust the facial to fit your needs. I asked for one that would help with oily skin. She used about three different masks, each one thicker then the next. There were some interesting oils used as well. You have your eyes closed for the majority of the time. When she was picking out the blackheads, she was so precise. Most salons press harder when they can't get it out, but this one gently poked it with a needle until it loosened up. They had a professional steaming machine, as well as that electric thingy. They sterilized everything and took care to clean my face properly afterwards. The massages were amazing. While the last mask was hardening, I got a full scalp massage. They massage your face as well. At the very end, you get a quick shoulder and neck massage. In Greenpoint, the majority of salons here are Polish. While they're great with hair, they've always left me pockmarked when it came to facials. And the $100+ is no fun either. This place was an amazing experience. My skin was only slightly pink. I had no more blackheads. And they didn't leave me with a single scab. My face is also a lot less shinier then usual. They also sell certificates, so my sister will be receiving a facial for her birthday. I'm recommending this place to everyone I know. It is just amazing. AMAZING. I can't handle it. If I had a steady job, I would have already booked a full massage.
OK i'm in love! What an amazing and relaxing spa within walking distance from my apartment!  This could be dangerous...  The staff was incredibly nice, attentive, and friendly.  The owner Wen is a gem!  The prices are incredible and the service left me feeling like a new person walking out :) I had the 90 minute package that included a 30 minute back massage and an hour foot massage.  I cannot rave about it enough, I LOVED IT! The only downside is that because the place is so quaint you may be able to hear the other patrons conversations.  I went with a girlfriend and I could hear her talking from her massage room to her masseuse.  Thats not a problem for me though, next time I'm going by myself :)  And honestly thats a small price for me to pay to feel like I'm walking on clouds when I leave.  I cannot believe that I have lived in the area for a year and I just found this place. I will definitely be back!!
I have to update this.  I came here with my best friend and her friend one day.  And it was still AH-MAZING!!!  There's no other way to describe it.  I will need to make my appointment soon, and I can't wait to come back here. Oooh, I love the candy so much I actually went out and bought 4 bags :)
WOW. Best massage I've ever gotten might be an understatement. It's ok I'll never eat again if I can indulge twice a week at this place. Also like little jerks we showed up early for our scheduled time 9:30? (I think) The last time of the night. So we decided to go on a walk to search for this impossible to find battery I needed... needless to say we got lost and ended up coming back super late. They were so nice, they didn't even say one word or seem to care just ushered us to the back for some love making with my knots. I don't know her name, I wish I did, I honestly didn't even see her face but what she did to me was mind blowing. I've had specific knots for years from a car accident when I was younger and she got them out. She really went to town on a few bad ones and pop they were gone. I've never felt so good in my entire life walking home! I got the deep tissue and my friend got the regular, she said hers was great too and just the right amount of pressure. Well I'm sold and will be back soon you can count on that. Also they have a great check in deal for 10 min free so check in when you there and use use use. Because of my lateness I decided not to hold them that extra 10 min but you best believe next time it's onnnnn.
Went there for a facial today and decided to give my feet a boost with a hot foot mask. They did a great job on both. My face is totally glowing! The face/neck/scalp massage during the facial was awesome! AND I was told when I got there that when I check in via Yelp I will get a free ten minutes service. I decided to take a hand massage which was so good that i am going to go back soon for just a massage. The place is very new/clean and the staff was very friendly.
This place is good. What I actually mean is REALLY good. I had Coco for the scrub and 1 hour body massage and she was the best massage therapist I have ever had (out of many). You get to pick the scrub: green tea, ginger or lavender.  I had green tea and my body melted away. Proceeding the scrub you go into the shower and even their body wash smelled wonderfully. After Coco finished, they took me to sit in a comfortable leather chair (the chairs are along the wall of a narrow passageway) surrounded by shimmering curtains and dim lights. That's where the 40 min foot reflexology was performed. John did that part and he had a stronger approach to the treatment. Which is expected from a man, right? Nonetheless it was OH MY GAWD good. The hot white tea felt warm and refreshing at that point, as massages tend to dehydrate you a but. And who doesn't like to drink tea in a spa?! This was all part of the re-balancing package for $105! That price, considering the high caliber of everything you get, makes this pretty much a steal. Wen, the owner I assume, is very involved in every step of your experience which is impressive because you don't see that in spas any more. You typically get treated like flock directed from one room/therapist from another. Not here! One recommendation: each employee has one designated envelope in which everyone puts in tip. I prefer those little yellow envelops where you can write your name, their name, and a thank you message. I tip well and I would have liked them to know it was from me and not get blended in the mix of average or even crummy tippers. But to each her own. Pure Qi *pronounced Cheeee* Regimen Spa we will reunite again!!!
This is an update to my previous review.  The spa is always clean.  The staff always courteous.  They are awesome and I highly recommend if you are in need of a good back rub! I woke up with a crick in my neck and went in during lunch for a 30 minute neck rub.  WOW, that was awesome.  What makes this place so cool is that it is so clean and professional from the american spa perspective.  The staff speak english very well.  They are very polite and the prices are very affordable.  I only wish they had a licensed acupuncturist on staff.  That would make this spa complete in my opinion.
My fiancé never wrote a review on yelp but she asked me to add this. She said the service was great, prices great and they made her feel like a new person. Should I go as well?!
Outstanding deep tissue and reflexology massage. One of the best I've had. The environment is very peaceful and relaxing. Tina was the massage therapist. I can't recommend this place enough. Really outstanding value as well. The whole treatment which was almost 2 hours only came to $105 (tip excluded).
I dont want to review this place bc I really dont want you to come and make it too busy. But, this place deserves the review. Its amazing. It really is. Every single person there does a good job. Ive been many times. It's just the right amount pf pressure, soothing techniques, and asian pressure points. And the atmosphere is so relaxing. I get the deep tissue with some hot stones added on. Relaxation heaven!  And the candies in the bowl up front are to die for. Oh and I'm a physical therapist, and most massages really dissapoint. This never does. And the price is just right!
I really liked this place after my first visit (30 min. reflexology) but after my second visit today (60 min. deep tissue), can give a five star review with zero hesitation. I had a *significant* amount of pain when I went in, and June's persistence and untiring FIERCENESS in dealing with my knotty back was out of this world!!! If you don't like intense, strong bodywork then the deep tissue might not be for you (schedule an aromatherapy or hot stone instead). But if you're like me and never met a masseuse's elbow you didn't like, then I WHOLE HEARTEDLY recommend. I should add, however (in the event you're wary of ending up under too much P.R.E.S.S.U.R.E.) that she was definitely attentive to my cues and checked in whenever she hit particularly sore spots. But I assured her I could take it (*gasp*)! And so she NEVER let up- not one second of that sixty minutes was useless filler. And for that I thank her. And hereby compose this RAVE REVIEW. P.S. I can also echo the testimonials of previous reviewers who mentioned the immaculate, dimly lit environment and courteous staff. "Pure Qi" is a real gift to Greenpoint- do us both a favor and go give them lots and lots of business.
Update: Second foot reflexology appointment just as good as the last. Gets five stars, because honestly, it's delightful and the price isn't so high you can't afford to go again. Angel worked my feeties a little harder this time, and combined with the lower leg massage, it's exactly what I need to recover from my foot ailments. --- Had a lovely 60 min foot reflexology appointment. The mixed herb bath before was great. The massage was very relaxing, I fell asleep more than once. Also reasonably priced, so I hope to make it a part of my regular regimen!
I had a couple's massage at Pure Qi, and it was everything I had hoped for. I went to other Qi Gong massage studios in the Greenpoint area, but the ambiance left something to be desired. Pure Qi is affordable, but not at the cost of a relaxing and professional experience. The rooms are private, and beautifully decorated. The massage providers are clearly experienced and considerate. I paid $80 for two thirty minute deep-tissue massages. The only reason I can't give Pure Qi a full five stars is because of the price negotiation at the beginning of the massage. The person at the front desk encouraged me to get deep tissue massages instead of the full back massage I asked for. He charged me an extra five dollars per person, not too bad but I wasn't sure if he was just trying to milk me for a few extra dollars. He added that he would throw in a "free bonus" of essential oils, which seemed like something that should be included anyway.
I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to spend my birthday here. I got the Re-Balancing Package and added on a mini-facial. The total was $135 for about 3 hrs in the spa. That is unheard of!! Anyhoo, the staff was very accommodating and asked me 3 times during my stay if I wanted refreshments. The ginger tea was a little bitter for my taste and the water was warm,but it's the thought that counts. My scrub was a little intense but left my skin feeling so supple and smooth. The massage was relaxing and made me fall asleep, the foot reflexology was TO DIE FOR and the facial was okay. All in all I would leave the facial out next time, but my experience left me feeling like I was walking on air. I had to thank the staff for making my birthday the best day ever!!!!!
I went there for the first time with a group of girls and it was just PERFECT. The atmosphere was relaxing, quiet, clean, neat. The staff were professional and knew how to respect customer privacy. The man at the front desk was very friendly and very helpful. The guy who gave me the massage was very professional. He seemed to know all the pressure points, whether it's on the body or on the feet. Everything just felt right. I will definitely go back. So far, this is the best massage place I've been to.
This place is always clean, everyone is very nice and attentive, and it is very decently priced. My massages have always been very good, and I love that they time it so you know you are getting your full service.  This place is definitely my go to when I need a good massage.
My husband bought me a package for my birthday. And it might have been the best massage I've ever had. I got a body scrub, foot reflexology and an 80 min massage. Phenomenal! CoCo was my therepist. I would most definitely come back here and send my husband for his own personal spa day! Don't be fooled by the minimalist outside decor if you will. It's not like a fancy manhattan spa with bells and whistles but once you walk in its nice and peaceful. Very clean and the staff is lovely. One reviewer wrote the walls did not go up all te way in the rooms, this is true but I was so focused on what she was doing to my super tight muscles I didn't care where I was. Also I kind of enjoyed the butt massage. I work out and my arse could a good massage. Overall this may have been the best massage experience ever and I've gone to many spas from silk day to the plaza to madarian oriental and this place was so great!!! I can't wait to come back!
I woke up yesterday afternoon after 14 hours of much needed sleep.  Understandably, though I felt refreshed my body was tight and sore.  I decided I wanted a massage and began my Yelp search.  After reading the reviews of Pure Qi here I checked out their website.  I couldn't believe the package deals!  I immediately called and requested the Pure "Qi" Re-Balancing Package with an upgrade to a deep tissue massage.  They had no problems with scheduling me for a same day treatment of body scrub, massage and foot reflexology. Now, I love massages.  I mean, I L.O.V.E. massages!  I've had many many many from Menlo Park to Berkeley to Chicago to Exeter, Paris, Buenos Aires and now Brooklyn, and I'm pretty picky when it comes to my treatments.  I always get deep tissue massages because my back is a ROCK and I love the relaxation I get from them.   Well, let's just say that Coco gave me the BEST.TREATMENT.EVER.   I've never had a scrub and the experience was energizing and yet relaxing.  I opted for the ginger scrub.  Next came the 60-minute massage.  PURE BLISS.  I couldn't believe the attention she paid not only to my rock-hard upper back, shoulders and neck, but also to the muscles connecting the scapula to the shoulders and all along my sides.  The rest of my body was similarly pampered.  Thorough doesn't begin to describe what she did for me.  The foot reflexology was also wonderful.  For $115 (including the deep tissue upgrade) I'll be coming back here again and again and again...
These women  are so small, but so strong and skilled with their hands  WOW!! I would like to express my absolute awe with this place! The service here is  superb! Everything is done to fit the clients needs! I was organizing my best friends bachelorette party, and had gone around looking for a good Spa. I turned to Yelp for advice and saw the reviews for this place, and decided to pay it a visit.  After speaking with the the pleasant staff and working out the logistics of the services that would be provided, it was without a doubt obvious that this would be the only place  we could possibly go to, because they really worked with us and set us up with the best  possible service scenario. There was only 6 of  us, and they closed the whole space down for our party from  10 30 am till 2pm, which I felt was great and definitely shows that they are interested in pleasing their clients. As a gift to the Bride to be the girls and I got  her Package F. Which was a combination of a Full Body Scrub, Anti Stress Massage, Foot Reflexology Massage,   and in  addition we got her  a sensitive skin Facial. She was delighted from all of it and loved it so much that she started planing a future outting to this place the min she walked out. Since I am in her wedding and am currently trying to diet for the dress i m supposed to be wearing as her Bridesmaid(lol girls will be girls),  so I decided to get myself some kind of a weight  loss service. So I went for the  Dead Sea Body wrap, which was great!! You feel very light after, and on top of it your skin feels like silk. I also got a foot reflexology massage, Which I halfway slept through, but it was amazing and very highly recommended, and as a cherry on top I got the Pure Qi Signature Massage which upped my experience to 10+ stars. The pricing here is great, the service is amazing (no other words can really pin point it)
I adore this place! It's quiet, small and really clean. We were greeted warmly by the wonderful gentleman who took our coats right away and offered us warm jasmine tea as we settled in. He proceeded to explain how the process would work since there was 3 of us and made sure that we were comfortable with who was going to be administering the massages (they have both female and male masseuses on staff). Since I got the package that offers 3 total services we started off with the Body Scrub (30 min) which was AWESOME! I loved it - it might be a little uncomfortable for those who have sensitive skin due to the exfoliating scrub that is used but I absolutely fell in love with it! After the scrub, we showered and moved onto the one-hour glorious full body massage. I've gotten a few massages before and nothing compared to this!! The girls hands were delicate yet strong and she applied just the right amount of pressure. I have absolutely no complaints and when that ended I woke up in the most relaxed yet deliriously euphoric state. When I thought it couldn't get any better, she proceeded with the last of the 3 services, the FOOT MASSAGE! WOW it was amazing! I'm definitely coming back for more!! P.S. This place is super affordable!
Words cannot describe how much I enjoyed this place. I got a 90 minute deep tissue massage a few weeks ago. I was able to get it early in the morning, so I was one of the two customers in the salon. I don't know what the noise levels look like during the day, but during my massage it was peaceful and quiet outside. The small asian lady who massaged me was incredible. She was really able to work out every single one of my knots (and since I work out a lot I had quite a few of them). You know the feeling when you're on the table and it hurts in the blissful kind of way? Yeah, that's exactly it. The rooms aren't anything crazy, but they're clean, comfortable and serve the purpose well. Also, the prices are great. $90 for a 90 minute massage is hard to beat. And the quality is simply incomparable! Already can't wait for my next massage there!
This place is absolutely fantastic! I have had three amazing massages and one facial here, and my expectations were met and exceeded every time. Will definitely be visiting again!
Highly reccomended!!!!!! I love this place!!!!!!!!! Thank you guys !!!!!!!
amazing. i feel amazing. i can now afford to go to the spa and go to a GOOD spa because of pure qi. lovely staff, immaculate facility, great work done...$100 for an exfoliation, massage and foot rub? uhh, yes please. anyways, I'm in love.
Perfect place for stressed out New Yorkers to decompress. The prices are amazing. The quality of the service makes you feel like royalty. Another one of Brooklyn's hidden gems.
Ok let me start off by saying that this is the first ever professional massage that I have gotten and I was not disappointed at all! For my boyfriend's birthday, I decided to treat us to a massage (we're both stressed from work and school). I got us both the Pure Qi Rejuvenation package which included body scrub, hot stone massage and foot reflexology with a foot bath. Upon walking in the place looks small, but trust me it's not. The front has a desk, couch, table, cabinet and a coat rack. The manager greeted us warmly and sat us down to wait for our appointment because we had arrived early (we live in the Bronx and didn't want to chance being late so ended up arriving an hour early. We wandered around until 15 minutes before our appointment was to start) He offered us something to drink and talked to us a little about what we would be getting and what order it would happen in. (Feet first, then hot stones, then scrub) He had us hang our coats and remove our shoes (they provide you with sandels) choose our massage oils and then presented us to our massuses. I had John and my boyfriend had Alice. We were then escorted into the back and here you realise that the place is actually shaped almost like a "U" with the lobby at one end and the couples room ending at the other. The place is very clean and relaxing and John and Alice were wonderful massuses. John found pains in places that I didn't even realize were stiff and hurt and Alice worked my boyfriend over so well that he was shocked afterwards at how relaxed and rejuvenated he felt. Now when I say that Alice worked him, I mean she at one point during our massage in the couples room actually got on top of the table and was digging into his back, kind of work and he loved it. We loved this place so much that we're going to come back here and also treat our moms to some massages.
What can I say about this place?! It's fantastic!!!!!  I walked in and i was immediately greeted, felt like royalty, the receptionist was very attentive. I had the rejuvenation spa package and it was amazing. It comes with a body scrub of your choice, hot stone massage and a herbal leg and foot massage without breaking the bank. The masseuse got really deep into my muscle and massaged all the kinks out. By the end of the massage I had fallen asleep while Annie was doing my herbal massage with my legs and feet. The staff was so inviting and very accommodating. They offered tea and water to cleanse the toxics out as well. Definitely going back again, thank Pure Qi!
This place offers great quality service for what you pay. I will definitely be back to try more services.
I went here post BK half marathon amazing place. Very clean, tranquil and great staff. I had an amazing massage. Thanks to John!!!
So great and so reasonably priced!
I have been here 3 times and each time is just incredible! The first time was for a bachelorette party. The Maid of Honor had arranged everything and we just paid our portion. They closed the place for us and gave us incredible service! I got the foot reflexology and the hour long facial. OMG! My face was so beautiful afterwards and my legs felt so relaxed! They have leather chairs that line the wall with curtains separating each patron. It felt personal and individual. The next time I went, I went to treat myself with some relaxation time. I went by myself and ordered the same thing. It was wonderful! Absolutely wonderful! The last time I went - again! Just great! I took my mother-in-law and she got a facial. She was so pleased with the service that she asked them to give her a body massage immediately after! We were very fortunate that we went early enough in the day that they had the time! But I could see that if we went on a Saturday afternoon or after work that it would be difficult to get that massage on a whim. This place is just incredible. They are fair priced and wonderful service. No, it is not the Ritz, but it does not have to be. The service is amazing, they treat you with respect and not just another customer and they attend to your requests with promptness and order. I will definitely be going there again.
I went with my friend, and we had an awesome time. It was the first time i went to a spa so it kinda set the bar pretty high. I loved the music, and my masseuse was excellent!. I don't give it a 5 star, because the facial kinda clogged my pores.
Best massage of my LIFE. Given, I have had very few but I am convinced it doesn't get any better than this. I am very ticklish, and usually if I show it, whatever part is being worked on gets skipped over instead of trying a different technique.Not Cindy! She figured out what wasn't going to work and went with it. It  was amazing and de-stressed me to the max. I got the reflexology and the 30 minute massage, but now that I know I'm not going to walk out with bruises or being tickled to death, I'm going to bump it up to 60 mins. The prices can NOT be beat, and the place is clean, calm, and professional. Front desk staff was very warm and welcoming, and brought me a water at the end. This is going to be my new place for SURE, not even going to try anyone else.
Massages have always made me super nervous, just with a stranger touching you and all but after some careful yelping I decided that Qi would be a good place for me in terms of location and distance. I did the 30 minute deep tissue massage for $40 and it was excellent. I felt comfortable, tranquil and relaxed. The owner and receptionist could not have been friendlier. My masseuse Jessica noted when I tensed up when her pressure was a bit too hard. I walked out with a smile on my face :)
Overall, this place is a great option for a reasonably priced massage.  It's clean and pleasant, accommodating and reliable.  I've had some great massages and some ok ones, but never less than good.  My recommendation would be to try and go early in the day, as I've noticed the masseuses seem work long hours and must get very tired and have sore hands by the night time.  That only happened once to me, but it was noticeable and with someone I had had better experiences with earlier.
Excellent, wonderful,  soothing massage and reflexology.
A secret little hideaway in the hustle and bustle of Brooklyn. A block away from my house,within minutes I'm whisked a away to pure relaxation. 90 min deep  tissue+30min foot massage reasonably priced.  The staff is warm and accommodating.
I really LOVE this place! But why is it allllll the way in Brooklyn. Very affordable prices and top rate service.
Location is cool, if you go to fast you could drive right by it.  My husband and I got the 90 min couples massage. We both thought it was great! You are going to get a nice massage here.  Only a few caveats. The walls are super thin. You can hear patrons in the other rooms negotiating their massages and you can hear the noise on the street.  Not ideal but like I said the massage is good. It's clean in their.  There is no ambiance but.... We got what we came there for.  I'd go back
Ahhhhhh i luvvv this place.  I went here this past weekend to get a couples message and we were like 10 min late but the owner (assuming he is) was very understanding... The massauce i had was john n he was AMAZING n so nice... He didnt massage too hard it was perfect.. Best spa ive been too so far.. I will def come back here again
A great place. Staff is friendly and professional. Can't beat the prices! I tried the Men's  Refresh: three services for 100 bucks! And I feel like a million bucks!
Good massage above all, and in a clean, professional, quiet place. Have been w/ my girlfriend for a couple massage and twice myself...always a good experience. Price is reasonable too.
Had a great experience. I got a package that included a hot stone massage, body scrub, and foot massage.  It was all amazing, but the hot stone massage was incredible.  The young man who greeted us at 10:30 when we got there was super nice and accommodating. I also thought the prices were very responsible. The only 'con' is that in the area where you get the feet treatment is not very private. You can hear conversations and people walk by you all the time.  Besides that, it was a perfect experience.  I would def go back!!!
I just went here yesterday for the first time. I called day of on a Sunday & they were very accommodating & squeezed me in for a 30min deep tissue massage. When I walked in I felt transported back to a spa I went to in Hong Kong! They had slippers out for me & hung my coat right away. I have to admit I'm a tough massage critic and Paulina was very good. Like most people have commented here, she was small but super strong! It was a wonderful experience & I can't wait to get reflexology next time!! PS: plan ahead of time on weekends as they do get crowded!!
I get massages pretty often and I am super picky. I decided to try Pure Qi because I was in serious pain and my regular spot books up well in advance. Pure Qi did not disappoint.  Fantastic massage at a great price. I have not felt this good in months.
Came here last month for an anti stress back massage and arm massage. It was wonderful. It was my first time even getting a massage and it was a great experience. Im coming back with my boyfriend for Valentines day. He's going to love it for sure. Great place
I just got back from this place and let me tell you- it is amazing! I purchased the aroma therapy package which included a facial, hot stone foot treatment and a massage. Well worth the price! The massage was my favorite part. This place really goes above and beyond to make sure that their customers are comfortable. I will definitely be going back and can't wait to try their other services!
I had a bittersweet experience. The staff was really nice, friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is nice also. The massage was good until the therapist got on top of me while doing my massage and her private area was literally over my head!!! That made me feel really uncomfortable. I felt like that was not professional. The massage would have otherwise been good, but I felt so creeped out by that so I would not go back.
I just decided I wanted a massage late this Sunday afternoon and called and was given an appointment in 30 mins which was great. They massage was very relaxing, and I love the way that the receptionist questions you about what kind of massage/service you want and then walks you through to your room and then you just relax until your masseuse comes in (having been prepped), so you are just relaxing as soon as you lie down. I did get a little bit chilly which was a shame but I always do when I get a massage so not sure it was their fault really. Its really reasonable, clean and very authentic.
I am so happy this place opened up in Greenpoint just a short walk from my home! The man at the front desk is very gracious and knowledgeable, he takes the time to ask questions so you get the perfect experience. The prices are very fair considering the quality of the services offered--plus it seems like there is always a promotion of some kind available. I've had a regular one-hour massage there, and a deep-tissue massage, by two different people. Both times were exactly what I was looking for! No chit-chat, very professional. The facilities are spotlessly clean, and open late. There is some unavoidable noise from the adjacent apartment corridors and outside traffic, but hey, that's Brooklyn for you. Ignore the somewhat distracting sandwich board and text-filled window in front and walk right in! It's the kind of place where you can just talk to them about your budget, time, and spa needs and they'll work with you.
The facility is very clean. It's dimly lit. Hot tea is served. Candles are lit. Soft music is playing. It's really quiet inside. The services are great, the message that I received was good because the masseuse did not lack pressure at all, it was definitely firm enough. They have many spa packages to choose from. They offer facials, various types of massages, body wraps, foot reflexology, waxing, even "cupping" if you're into that type of chinese therapy, and much more.. Staff is friendly. This place is very relaxing and overall wonderful. I can't believe their hours either. On the weekends they are sometimes open til midnight. Pure Qi is a 100% winner in my book. I will be back many times, I'm sure of it.
Absolutely amazing. I had the 1 hour deep tissue massage and the Masseuse (Linda) was fantastic. I will def go back. Next time for deep tissue AND the foot reflexology.
So good and so cheap! Got a package here: $130 for almost 3 hours of spa time. I got pampered and relaxed and when it was all over, free tea and sweets. Hot stone massage was so relaxing that I fell asleep. Foot massage was perfect for my aching feet. There is nothing negative about this place. They are relax-experts!
Very great deep tissue massage. I believe my masseuses name was nan-ki. She had very strong hands and it's like she knew where my pain was better than I did. Would definitely recommend! A little pricey, but probably not more than anywhere else.
This was the best massage I've EVER had for the price!  I was in town visiting a friend and we were both in desparate need of massages.  I've heard great things about some of the Eastern "no frills" spas and this one was a great first experience. You're in a private room and although you can hear some shuffling around outside of the room and some talking (other patrons just need to be quieter and respectful of those in treatments), it didn't take away from the experience. Don't expect a glamorous spa day - go here for the fantastic treatments, knowing you can get 2 or 3 treatments for the price of 1 elsewhere.
Great place to go for a massage, with very reasonable prices, friendly and helpful staff, and a clean/relaxing atmosphere.  I have been a few times, and the experience (as it will anywhere) varies based on who does the massage.  Overall, my experience has been excellent.
Felt like little soft pixie hands came and melted the tension out of my feet, legs, and back. Totally relaxing. all those knots in my back are gone. Everyone should come here at least ONCE!
$38 for an hour foot massage, great deal, excellent reflexology massage. They give you slippers to wear, lights are low and chairs are very comfortable and have fabric dividers from the person next to you. At the price point I was a bit surprised at the actual spa feel to this place. I'm really happy to have discovered it. It's a nice little sanctuary for a quick and affordable get away. So far have only had one foot massage but I will go back to see how their other services hold up.
This place has decent prices and a friendly staff.  The front area is calm and serene and the rooms are clean, quiet but not well lit.  when i went for an under arm wax when i got home i notice they missed some spots but i couldn't even tell when i was there because there was hardly any light.
I live right across the street from QI. My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! We came first time when this spa opened up. The owner was super nice, he gave us discount. Very clean,professional and relaxing spa. We got couple massage which was amazing! I fell asleep during massage. Today 7/16/12 we went for massage and reflexology. Omg it was SOOOO amazing! They close at 10pm and the massage therapist stayed till 10:40pm for us, we felt so bad :/. They are sooo nice! We always come and bring our friends and family here! I'm so happy this spa opened up right across our apartment! Love PURE QI :D
Slight addiction to this place.  Specifically to Elaine, she's fabulous.
Great service. Very tranquil environment every visit. Nice owner and therapists are excellent. Very reasonable pricing.
I think this place should be called Pure Qi - The Happiest Place on Earth! My boyfriend and I have been twice and both times we left feeling relaxed, invigorated and oh so happy.  The owners are VERY kind and accommodating, the treatments are truly amazing (I am somewhat of a spa junkie and have very high expectations), everything in the spa is brand new and very clean.  And to top it all off, all the treatments are very reasonably priced.
This place was alright. I really enjoyed that their appointments ran on schedule. I went with my boyfriend and they gave us a couples room for no extra charge. Everyone was really nice and offered us tea and water. I didn't like that while I was getting a massage I was hearing people chattering outside. The worst was that the woman who gave me the massage put too much pressure on my back and now two days after the massage my back is hurting really bad like I worked out my back. I don't think I will be returning even though they had a really reasonable price of $60.
went yesterday with my mother---was fantastic, I'm still feeling relaxed and having little pops and stretches through my back. Super friendly, clean and serene as the other reviews say. Wasn't sure what to expect for the great low price but it was a wonderful, deep, intense massage.
I just had a facial here last night and was very impressed!! As many other have commented, the staff is super friendly and makes you feel comfortable from the minute you walk in.  Elaine did my facial and she took the time to analyze my skin and discuss with me which products were best to use.  And what a great deal! $70 for a 70min treatment that left my skin feeling amazingly soft, clean and renewed!!  I will definitely be back to try a massage soon and this place has become by go-to for facials without a doubt.  Also, can't beat the hours...open until 10pm everyday!!
One of the best deep tissues massages I've ever had - and only $70 for 60 minutes.  A woman who couldn't possibly weigh more than 90 pounds worked out every knot and completely got my neck and back back to where they should be.  Loved it! If you're looking for a fancy spa experience, this is definitely not for you.  It's simple and casual, but seriously amazing.
I'll be back! Great experience. The place was not fancy however, this place is not located in the City or service would cost twice as much. Customer service was 10 stars!!!! The environment was about 3.5 out of 5 only because I could hear customers being pampered a few feet away. The massage was a 3 out of 5 because my entire body ached an hour after I left the place and the next day. However, because I was treated so well (like a Queen actually) I will be back and try another masseuse with a softer touch :-)
Just heaven!!!
I love this place so much. I've had 3 half- hour stress relief massages here with different masseuses and they have all be great.  The staff is all very nice and professional. They are affordable, clean and it's easy to get a last minute appointment. For example, I called last night right after a horrible haircut experience at Mousey Brown salon ( go to their page for my extensive review on that) which left me super tense and stressed out and I was able to get in right away. Thank god, because I needed it. I highly recommend Pure Qi and can't wait to try some of their other services.
My new favorite place :) the price is amazingggg for the quality that this spa provides. Very clean and professional business. The host is always warm and funny which is always nice. I've been twice already and left with feeling like I had a brand new back both times! I can't wait to go back
WORST/MOST PAINFUL MASSAGE EVER!!  I went to this place twice since it's right around the corner from my house and both times were beyond disappointing.  I first tried a 60 min deep tissue massage and found it horribly painful (the masseuse kept slamming her fists over my shoulder blades, as oppose to around their curve, and ramming over the bones in my sacrum)... For the life of me I couldn't understand why she was doing this as I have had countless massages and usually can take a deep tissue massage as deep as one can give..  Since the place was so convenient I decided to give it another try and requested a different masseuse, this time booking their "anti-stress" massage in hopes that I'd have a different experience.  After 30 minutes of wincing, gritting my teeth, and asking the masseuse to "please not do ~that~" I could take it no longer, and actually got up and told her I was done.  It was embarrassing for us both as I have never done such a thing, but I was seriously in so much pain.  The receptionist was very apologetic, comping the agonizing 30 minutes, and offering a free massage for my next visit.  I appreciated the gesture, however, respectfully declined as the masseuses clearly have no idea what they're doing.  (At least the two I experienced)...  If you're looking for a great massage spot in the neighborhood, I would recommend H2O Day Spa only a block away...save yourself the pain.
Don't let the outdoor facade fool you. This is not like the massage places on Manhattan Ave. Its a real spa inside! Clean, relaxing, affordable, just right.
This is the best massage I've gotten in NYC and arguably the world.  It's open late so you can go on a whim, not to mention clean, friendly, and overall awesome.
AMAZING! It is very dangerous (to my wallet) that this place is a few blocks from me. The facade is TOTALLY misleading. It seems like it's just another Chinese massage place, but it's not. The rooms are very clean and private. They have a lot of similar amenities and services more expensive spas have. The owner is super friendly as is all the staff. My major testimonial is that I have NEVER fallen asleep in a massage until Pure Qi. I usually don't feel comfortable enough. So that speaks volumes! Then there are the prices! The packages are the way to go. To spend just over a $100 and get multiple services and for that length of time is incomparable.
Pure Qi is perfect for regular, non-fussy spa visits. When you go back, they try their best to match you with the same person you've had, and I have a sneaking suspicion they are keeping notes! This place is a great value - clean and accomodating. (Side note: Like every person, I love a good massage, but I'm the type of person that only goes to the spa if I get a gift certificate or I'm travelling. )
So disappointed. I came here once before and found it to be charming in its ever so slightly unsophisticated interior but kind and accomplished staff. However, I was shocked the last time I came. The owner, having changed the time for the massage to be later than planned, and also advised us to take a longer massage, was extremely rude. We arrived early, waited even later than the scheduled time for the room to be ready, and then had the massage. Afterwards, we were told that our tip (which he'd pressured us to give in cash) wasn't enough (talk about contradicting the notice on the wall says that tips are at the customer's discretion) and the owner then started throwing other people's credit card receipts at us to show us how much tip they'd paid. Hardly professional or confidential for the other customers. We're reasonable people and were shocked at how he was treating us. The owner then started complaining about how his staff had worked overtime (um, they were late for the appointment and then he asked me to take a longer massage). I really wanted to like this place but now have such a bitter taste in my mouth that I don't want to support them with my business again. What a shame, Pure Qi. You need to remember to treat your clients with respect.
Travelling all the way out to Brooklyn from Bayside might show you how much I love this place. It's a tiny spa located right off the BQE in a hipster neighborhood. I've been here a few times and always get the day of vitality package. You usually have to make an appointment about a week or two in advance if you want to go on a weekend. The owners would take your cc information just in case for cancellations and confirm the appointment the day before. When you arrive, you're asked to take off your shoes and wear slippers they provide. They give you some hot tea, which is perfect especially during the winter time. The back massage was great. I did not opt for the swedish massage because it was just the right amount of pressure. After the massage you're escorted into somewhat of a foyer and asked to sit in these big red chairs for your foot massage. The next hour was almost pure bliss except for the slightly open door connecting the front and incessant ringing phone. Maybe if the door was completely shut then it would not have interrupted by massage/nap. One recommendation would be to opt for a larger space. Overall, it is still the best and most affordable spa around the area!
I've had a lot of massages and this was absolutely one of the best! I had Annie for a deep tissue. Am going back for sure !  Everyone was lovely, friendly and the place was great.
This spa is phenomenal! First I had the 60 min body scrub. My skin felt as smooth as a baby's  bottom when she was done and it was sooooo relaxing! I was face down on a table and she washed me off and then scrubbed me down. The water temperature was perfect  and her hands were amazing.  It was the fastest 60 minutes ever!  After this, I took a shower to remove the scrub residue.  The pressure from the shower head was very refreshing. Shampoo, conditioner, body wash towels and a blow dryer were all provided. Next I had the 90 minute Pure Qi signature massage. It was everything described and more! I could feel the tension leaving my body as the hot stones were applied. Last I had the facial. I originally asked for the 30 minute express facial but I knew my face was in trouble and was honestly told what I needed but there was no pressure at all.  I decided to get the 70 minute facial and I am SO GLAD I DID!  My face is positively glowing with no irritation whatsoever!  She used a vacuum to suction out my whiteheads -- this was incredible - then followed with the the normal extractions of blackheads.  I've had facials before, from dermatologists and other spas, and have never had this experience before.  My face is so soft, there are no bumps from the extractions, just wonderfully soft smooth skin.   Four hours later and feeling like I'd shed 5 pounds in dead skin, I was done.  I was treated to green tea during and after my treatments with opportunities to relax after each treatment.  Everything is super clean including the beautifully designed bathroom. I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Everyone is so friendly, including the owner Wen, and yet not talkative when I received my various treatments.  It's a truly tranquil environment (I went on a weekday afternoon).  I am so glad I found this place on Yelp.  I came here to see the reviews on Spa Caslte but was very turned off when I saw they allowed children and that it was a waterpark type environment..   If you want peace and tranquility and magic hands PURE QI is PURE HEAVEN!!!!
I had never been to spa before or had a massage of any sort and was nervous about the whole experience. My fears were put to rest as everyone at Pure Qi (pronounced "chi",) was highly attentive and very nice. The minute you enter the door the owners greet you and immediately get to work trying to comfort you and make you relax. Once inside you're greeted by low lighting, the pleasant smells of various water/mineral blends and some cheesy new age music. You will change your mind about the new age music once your massage begins. We got a 170 minute package including a foot massage, back scrub, and regular back massage. Each massage was thorough and not too rough. The attendants are excellent and getting those knots out of your back and making sure every part of your body is tenderized into peaceful bliss. Do yourself a favor and go here for any of their services. You deserve it.
I can't believe I've lived in NYC for 15 years and never heard of this spa until now. I recently went for a 90 minute couples massage with my husband and it was awesome. I didn't even realize how much pain I had in my legs until I left and it was all worked out. This is not an extremely large or very fancy spa but it is very clean, very peaceful and calming, spacious enough that the rooms felt separated (I didn't hear anything beyond our room). The masseuses were extremely skilled and careful. You have the option of regular massage or deep tissue but I did not feel pressure to get the deep tissue - I asked them to demonstrate, it was too deep for me, and we did the regular massage, no questions. Also, the price really can't be beat for something this nice. I look forward to going back very soon!
If you plan on actually RECEIVING a massage, I would not book an appointment at Pure Qi Spa. They called me one hour before my appt. to ask me if I could come later- first it was 30 minutes, then could I come closer to 7pm, then the woman told me she'd call me back and when she did said I wouldn't be able to come that day at all. I was feeling generous and said that was no problem but when I asked if I could come in during the day on the following Sunday and they weren't able to accomodate me, that was the last straw. No apologies. Extremely unprofessional and very disappointing when all you want is a relaxing Saturday afternoon massage.
I can't get over the quality of Pure Qi's services, the welcoming attitude of the staff and the value of their prices. I feel so lucky to live so close to this special spot. I've had the reflexology and deep tissue massage, both services have left me feeling rejuvenated and I'm definitely getting addicted to the reflexology. The massages are intense and you're muscles will feel like they've been through a serious workout after but your body will thank you. Can't wait for my next appointment.
Really good place really relaxing and quiet nice massage pretty good prices, load buzzer will tell you your massage is over though
this place is my go to for massages. Rooms are clean and relaxing with a faint scent of lavender to calm the nerves. Staff is so friendly and so skilled. I'll never go anywhere else. Totally love this place.
I surprised my husband with his first massage/spa experience on Saturday after he has been complaining about pain and soreness from lifting at work. By bringing him here, I was really taking a chance because he can be a bit apprehensive when trying new things. Either way, I decided it would be a hit or miss. Well, it was definitely a hit. Our appointment was for 10:20am and we ended up getting there around 20 minutes late (a certain someone was stalling). Wen greeted us as soon as we walked in and asked us to remove our shoes. He did point out however, that we were late but I understand that he's trying to keep a schedule while running his business in a professional manner; so I didn't mind. I noticed after walking in the second door/spa entry that there were foot massage loungers adjacent to the waiting area so you should speak softly when you enter the main(front) door. Wen guided us to a beautiful room with two beds, dimmed lights, soft music and hanging draperies. I have to say, I was impressed. I didn't expect too much because I felt the price was very reasonable compared to other spas in the NYC area, but you can tell by the decor and atmosphere that they are really trying to create that relaxing zen-like experience for their clients. So, the first thing that threw my hubbs for a loop was the fact that he had to take everything off except his undies. I should have explained that: some people are nervous about being practically naked in front of strangers. The massage was very relaxing. My hubbs did complain about the deep tissue saying it was too strong and a little painful but it was his first experience; I should have given him the anti-stress instead. The anti-stress is perfect if you need some knots flattened out without the extreme pressure. The masseuses were very polite and did not speak throughout the massage. When their timers went off, they finished up, told us they were done and quietly exited the room. After getting dressed, we went back out into the lobby where Wen greeted us again, asked us about our experience and poured us some water to help cleanse and flush the body after a massage. He also gave us some suggestions for our next appointment. Overall, this was a very nice experience. I felt there could have been more focus on massaging my feet but that may have been due to time limits from us arriving late. I will definitely be returning to this spa. As far as my hubbs, I'm not too sure. Maybe he'll just get a foot massage while I try a body scrub.
When I went in to inquire about massage packages the man in front was short with me. He acted like he was wasting his time explaining the massages and that I should know the deal already. I booked an appointment for the next morning anyway. The massage was their 90 min. Qi signature and was good, not great. The masseuse also seemed like she was tired of her job and was just going through the motions,but its a massage and it feels good so... Upon paying the bill the man in front strongly suggested that I pay cash, which I didn't have, and gave me an envelope to tip my masseuse, Alex. I payed with a card and tipped with cash. As I was counting cash to tip he watched me and made a strong suggestion of 20%. This upset me. A 20% tip is normal, but I felt like he was strong arming me. I gave around 15% as a reaction. He then opened the envelope and counted HER tip and asked me to pay more! What an uncouth douchebag! I felt like he ruined the whole point of going there. Book a back up massage somewhere else. You'll need it after dealing with that weenie!
My first time at the Spa and this place definitely exceeded my expectation.  Such a zen place and the staff were professional.  I recommend asking for Lucy, she was awesome!!!
We went back for new years eve. It was fantastic
I just experienced Pure Qi Regimen Spa for the first time today and I could definitely get addicted to this place.  I called at 10:30 right when they opened and was able to get an appointment at 11:00!  Upon entering, I was warmly greeted and the entrance was comfortable and very zen-like.  I opted for their 90 minute Signature full body massage followed by a 60 minute foot reflexology session.  The Signature massage was just the right pressure and the masseuse worked out all my kinks and knots.  You get to choose the fragrance of massage oil they use and this massage includes the rock roller as well as hot stones as well as foot pads/wrap to extract toxins.  I've had massages before in "fancy salons & spas" as well on high-end cruise ships and this, BY FAR, was the best massage I have ever had.  After the massage, I was given a clean, fluffy robe to put on for Phase 2, the foot reflexology, which was in another part of the spa.  After getting comfortable in the chair, they start you off with a warm foot bath with rose petals in it.  Again, I've had many sessions of foot reflexology before but never have I fallen asleep like I did today.  The pressure was just right, not rough and I was sent directly to heaven!  The entire experience was so comfortable and warm.  The staff is wonderful and you just simply can not beat their prices - especially in NYC.  I think I may have an addition on my hands with Pure Qi Regimen Spa!  Run, don't walk to this place!
My go to spot for facials and massages.  Great prices - nice friendly staff.  Their 60 min anti stress massage is my favorite.
I took my husband to get his first massage for our 5 year anniversary. There was no extra charge to use the couples massage room and they did a fantastic job of initiating him into the world of massage. Everyone was friendly and their prices are competitive. I would recommend Pure Qi to anyone.
After reading yelp and being tired of TRYING to givie my husband at home remedy back message that we not doing the trick I hopped on YELP to find a good not so expensive message palor. I looked at most in Manhattan and all the reviews said they were swanky but not good and really expensive. So I finally came across Pure Qui...5 stars across the board. So called them up & explained to them my boyfriends problem areas and the guy on the phone sugguested a deep tissue message for $70 for 1 hour. I figured thats not so bad. So I made an appointment then cancelled (because I wanted to suprise him for his birthday and he is NOT an easy person to suprise) and rescheduled it so they are very flexible with that. When we got there we were greeted by a young very polite woman told her our names and apt time. She gave him a change of slippers to wear and offered us tea or water. I wasnt getting a message but they still accomadated me by allowing me to sit in the back area in a message chair. I thought that was so sweet & considerate. It was so relaxing the ambiance, soft tai music, aroma of candles & inscence that I fell asleep. Someone came over and put my legs up & covered me with a towel. Next thing I knew my husband tapped me on my shoulder looking relaxed & rejunvinated telling me it was time to go. Pure Qui is absolutely a hidden gem  in the greenpoint area...i didnt even get a message and I felt like I did. My husband said that they hit all of  his problem areas and after spending lots of money trying numerous chiropractors, messauses and physical therapy practices no one does it like Pure Qui...he has been back twice since. No more at home remedies for me!
great experience with a lovely staff.
Great massage and very very nice people. Making a reservation over the phone has proven difficult because of the language barrier, but worth it as the overall experience is spectacular.
This is the first time I've reviewed on yelp but I just had to put out my support.  What a wonderful place!  I've never been comfortable with the whole massage thing at all but they were friendly and professional and the place was clean and nice.  Definitely worth a try for anyone who loves massages or anyone who is a first timer.
These guys are great.  I called them last-minute to schedule a foot reflexology appointment and they said, "come on in!" right then and there.  The staff was very attentive to the issue I was having with my right foot and my guy spent extra time working on it.  Felt fantastic.  I know these guys aren't doctors but they definitely all have Ph.Ds in being awesome. In addition to their prices being very reasonable, I got an additional 10 free minutes because I took advantage of the special "check in" deal.  They even gave me a free piece of candy on my way out!    I walked out of there feeling like a million bucks.  I'll definitely be going back here to try some of their other services.
This place was ok. The staff was friendly but I've been to better and more professional spas.  The massage therapy was very uncomfortable and painful. I told my massuse to be gentle plenty of times but she ignored me. When it came to paying with my card the front desk begged me to leave more money for tip.  Very unprofessional.
Booked a massage here for my boyfriend and I on a total whim and had such a lovely experience. My boyfriend had never had a professional massage before and he was made to feel totally comfortable and relaxed. We both had really great massages and left feeling like we were floating on air. Were not the type of couple to go to spas often (or ever) but I think we'll be coming back to this one!
Loved it!!! I have chronic shoulder/upper back tension/knots/pain and had been getting fairly regular massages elsewhere, and I never felt much difference afterward. However, the massage therapists at Pure Qi are experts and the deep tissue massage that I got there last weekend made a noticeable difference! As the other reviewers mention, every second of the 60 minute treatment is great! And the staff are really professional and welcoming. My boyfriend had an aromatherapy renew/balance massage which was very good! We are both planning to return!
Fantastic treatment from the minute I walked in until the minute I walked out.  I'm so excited to have found this place.  I think I'm going to buy one of their packages, so I treat myself more often.  My body feels like it's done a 180 with the 60-minute deep tissue massage from Angel.
This place is really amazing. I have had many massages over the years and am pretty picky. I like a massage that actually heals my sore muscles. I don't like massages that are purely for "relaxation" purposes. The woman who massaged me was really skilled and targeted my specific sore muscle groups. She also worked my entire body and I left feeling worlds better. This place is actually an eastern medicine place that will really help you. I'll be back for sure.
This place rocks!! I got a 90 minute deep tissue massage because I was having chronic pain in my neck and shoulders. I told them that I have severe bruxism and they tailored the massage and worked on my jaw in addition to the standard deep tissue massage. I was always under the impression that these types of massages are supposed to be unbearably painful... You know...no pain, no gain. Not so! I was happily schooled today.. I am going to come regularly, mostly because the masseuse worked wonders but also because of how thoughtful and intentional everyone was.
for a skinny guy, a deep tissue massage is not necessary. it was mostly painful but i toughed it out. definitely getting swedish massages from now on. nice people, thick asian accents so it's a little hard to understand them.
I play basketball, and after an intense game last weekend, I'd been hurting pretty bad. Unable to face yoga class for the 6th day in a row, I decided I needed a massage, but wanted to stick close to home. After consulting Yelp (whose reviews I take with a grain of salt), I conceded to give Pure Qi a shot..with none-too-high hopes. But this place surpassed my middling expectations. The man (owner?) who greeted me and ultimately gave me my massage seemed very intent on giving me exactly what I wanted and needed. He didn't try to upsell me on more expensive services and suggested I try out both the "deep tissue" and less expensive "stress reducing" style of massage before deciding. He explained everything he was doing and asked me questions, worked with me, and was all-in-all very gracious and customer-service oriented. I genuinely felt as if they wanted me to have the best that they could offer, and they genuinely wanted to relieve my ailments--which they did to the best of their abilities. He even took care (with Chinese herbal medicine, and for free) of a huge bruise last week's game left me with. Also, the place was very clean and not at all shabby or down-at-the-heels. It's a tad more expensive than your bottom-of-the-barrel, cheapest Chinese massage places, but worth the extra $10 for both the service and clean, comfortable, private decor. An excellent compromise between an expensive, luxury spa and the everyone-in-one-room basement joints in Chinatown .
