I love this place. The spray tan is amazing. Get the almond scented version. I always look healthy with a glow and it's the easiest way to lose 5 pounds! I also just had several waxing services which were wonderful and the deep tissue massage which was so relaxing and the exact stress reliever I needed. Highly recommend! In addition, I was 30 minutes late due to traffic and they worked all of my appointments back into the schedule! Wonderful customer service!
So disclaimer this review is due to their customer service! I have been a client for over 8 months and when I missed a facial appointment due to being out of the country they charged me $148. Now I understand that I missed an appointment but any good spa who has had a client for nearly a year would do the honest thing and let you reschedule and use that towards a credit. Extremely sad to report that I will no longer be coming back here. There are better spas in the city that will take my return business and treat loyal customers as they should be treated!
Just left a 90min massage with Jin, she was awesome! This is my third time here, once for a facial and the second a massage ( with Molly who's great!). Everything was fantastic each time. Jin is really really good with deep tissue. Monica who owns the spa is really sweet and friendly. I highly recommend!
Jini was wonderful.  The only negative thing is that I would have loved another 30-60 minutes: )  hands are golden!
While I did enjoy my experience, it wasn't a 5 star sort of experience. The atmosphere is very peaceful, and the therapists are very nice. However, considering the price of what you get here, I guess I'm just a little disappointed. My therapist was a little too gentle with massage, and when I asked for more strength, it didn't get much stronger. I suppose that's as strong as it gets. The atmosphere was interfered with because of the strangely loud heater. I guess they can't really do much about that. Also, why is there no lotion in the bathroom?! My hands were super dry, and when I used the bathroom, there was no lotion at all! Yet they have a shower with shampoo and conditioner? Finally, I totally agree with Cynthia Y. Why didn't they inform me of the discount? Every other spa I've been to has!
Before reading my review, I urge all fellow yelpers to read the owner's reply to my review. Here's the review: I was so excited to come here for a facial based on the majority of good reviews. I also extremely needed it after excessive sun exposure from a Florida trip the prior week. Sadly, it wasn't as good as I anticipated. The people were extremely friendly, which makes me not want to give them such a low rating, but since this is a review of their business and services in general, the score averages out to a 2/5. Pros: -Products smelled amazing - Very organic - cute environment Cons: The technician was really harsh on my face, so it didn't feel comforting or soothing, it felt more like rubbing instead of massaging the products in. I didn't fall asleep in any time during the session, which is abnormal for me during facials. I also don't think she payed too much attention to details, for example, when she moved to grab other things in her chair, my hair would go with her -- yes, my hair was pulled around 3-4 times. What also bothered me was, that, during the day I went for the facial, there was a 15% off offer available for new customers and nobody informed me about it despite confirming that I am a new customer. I've been to other skincare spas and the people will always inform me of offers or discounts of the time. I only found out about this after going on Yelp right after coming out of the spa (because I needed the address again), and felt really cheated. I won't be coming back again. **And no, this is NOT how other businesses do things so don't impose that. Also, i DID come to this spa from yelp, which just annoyed me even more. Usually what OTHER businesses do is that they will ask how their customers found out about their business, and then tell them if there are any current promotions. I mean, it is nice to help, and it gives a sense of care. The business owner did, however, care enough about this 2-star review to give me a call -- also without asking whether or not I actually have spare time to talk.  The entire conversation made me uncomfortable in that she made it sound like it was MY fault for not getting a relaxing facial. (Just like her reply below)...I don't know, doesn't sound like a relaxing experience to me.
First time getting a spray tan, loved the whole experience here. Walking in you can feel how peaceful the atmosphere was. I will be coming back for sure.
My new go to spa...I came her for an eyebrow wax and a deep tissue massage within a weeks span and both were fabulous! Last time I got my eyebrows done (somewhere else) they made a mess so I was just hoping they could make my brows look relatively normal again. They look great! As for the massage, I haven't had one that good in a while. I have a very tense back/shoulder area so anything but a deep tissue is not worth it for me. This was totally worth it! Jin did a amazing job. She applied the perfect amount of pressure and you could tell she knew what she was doing. I will definitely be back.
I never post reviews but felt the need to after my experience here. I've never had such a wonderful spray tan experience. First of all, it's completely organic , which is amazing - no smelly chemicals, dries immediately, good for your skin. I just got back and already see such a natural glow on my normally pale skin. Most importantly, the customer service is excellent. Monika is a sweetheart! She made the entire experience that much better and she's obviously passionate about what she's doing. I woke up with a terrible blemish (that I was venting to her about the entire time) and she even had her facial lady take a look at me and apply some ointment. I will definitely be going back here!
The customer service here is great, I booked a same day appointment for 15% off, and they were super friendly and accomodating. I arrived an hour early and was politely talked into a very discounted 1 hour massage. The masseuse Charles was great, but I think I will so be going to my normal massage place. I got a signature facial which was hit and miss. On one hand Molly was very friendly and I feel my skin was greatly exfoliated, and I really appreciate the way that she had the steam machine going for a while and went straight into extractions--I've been to some spas where they wait too long and your pores close, which is a waste of waiting under steam! She was thorough and it wasn't too painful, and my skin overall feels better. The next morning when the usual post-facial redness had faded I noticed that a layer of skin on my nose had been torn off (NOT normal). I don't just mean my skin was dry and it came off, but she must have been going so hard that it was like falling and scraping your knee. It's unsightly and I'm having a hard time covering it with makeup, it's super sensitive and painful :( I just wish she had at least warned me. Would return for the warm service, peaceful atmosphere but not a full 5-star after getting a raw nose!
What a gem! I had the blueberry enzyme facial and my face felt amazing afterwards. Tina was very knowledgeable about skincare and what my troubled spots were. The spa is very clean and has a nice relaxing atmosphere. The owner was at the front desk and was very friendly and helpful, it was my first visit so I received the 15% yelp discount which was nice. I also received some free samples of the products they used which was also a nice touch. I would recommend giving this place a try!! I will certainly return!
This place is so cute! I'm so happy that I booked a massage at O'live. I actually booked an appointment here after reading all of the great reviews for this place on yelp. People were raving about the masseuse, Jin, so naturally I booked my appointment with her. I had actually booked it for a Saturday, but I got a phone call about 2 days after booking the appointment online that they are actually not going to be open that Saturday and luckily, since I was taking off a Friday, I was able to move it to then. So...it's a little hard to find if you've never been here. It's on the south side of 23rd, and the door is unmarked (besides the address) and wedged in between like 2 restaurants. I was actually a little nervous that I'd be able to hear the jack hammering going on on the street in the spa, but I was relieved to find that I couldn't once I got up there. The spa itself is super cute. I was surprised how tiny it was, actually. It looks much bigger in pictures, but it's very zen none the less. It's calming and smells so good! I was even offered alkaline water, which was pretty cool. The massage itself was amazing. I got the full-body massage by Jin. She worked on the places I told her that I held most of my stress in and I also told her that I have ticklish feet, so she stayed away from them. Phew! It was so relaxing. She used aromatherapy, as well. The amount of pressure she used was perfect. Very professional, very knowledgable. I loved it. The rest of the staff was also very nice and accommodating. I will say, the massage is not cheap, but it's totally worth it. I treated myself for my birthday, but I don't think I'd be able to afford this on the regular. Hopefully I can come here next year on my birthday, again!
Although I was initially a bit apprehensive of having a male massage therapist, Charles was very professional and wonderful and listened to my requests. I took advantage of their Wellness Wednesday massage, which is only $78 for 60 minutes!  That's a total steal. Also, the receptionist is so friendly and accommodating. I really like this place!
Went in today for my second spray tan and I love this place! They are super friendly and the spray tan is the best I have ever had! I'm Irish with pale skin and each time I have gone I have gotten rave reviews from friends who were shocked it was a spray tan! Also, I love it because it's all organic! Highly recommend!
The stars had aligned and provided me with a discount hour-long massage at the highly-rated, O'Live Organic Spa.  I wound up arriving 10 minutes late for my 8 pm appointment, worried that my masseuse had already left for the evening or that I would no longer receive my full hour, as they were scheduled to close at 9 pm.  However, my profuse apologies upon arrival were quickly dismissed, and the staff was still happy to accommodate me. The spa was clean and well-appointed, though nothing elaborate.  I was introduced to my masseuse, Charles, and taken into his cramped workspace.  The cluttered room gave me a bit of anxiety, but once Charles began the procedure, I was quickly at ease.  In fact, I actually fell asleep at one point!  This massage was no joke - he really listened to my complaints about my lower back and right leg, working out every little knot.  Despite the relaxing aspects of his touch, he was also not shy about applying pressure where I needed it.  Charles completed the full 60-minute massage, working past their closing hour and leaving me in a blissful state.  I basically floated home on cloud of sedation, and, despite my fears of being extremely sore the following day, I was completely fine.  That man is quite the magician!
Molly is fantastic. I did the Make It Through Monday special, a full-body massage for 78.00. It was well worth it! The atmosphere is soothing, the music is great, and Molly was gentle, gracious, and helpful.  I haven't had a massage in a very long time, and she made me feel comfortable and targeted all mybproblem areas with great care. Highly recommended.  I am going back to do Reiki Healing soon.
I went here a couple months ago and am finally getting around to this review. What I got: Organic Spray Tan The good: For $70 you get a full body hand-sprayed airbrush tan. Formula is completely organic and natural-- no gross chemicals, plus it smells good! Beauuutiful, natural looking color-- not orange at all. I looked like I lost 5 pounds, no joke. Pleasant, relaxing atmosphere and super nice technician (who I think was also the owner?) Lasted a full 3 weeks. The bad: Literally nothing, but be prepared to stay dry for the next 7 hours so you don't wash off the formula while it develops.
I gotta say..I haven't had a massage like the one I had at O'live in a really long time. It's a small place, but boy is it amazing. I've had deep tissue, aroma therapy and reiki. All highly recommended.
I really liked this place! I would come back. Very nice atmosphere, wonderful masseuse(thanks Molly!). It was my first time so I combed over the reviews before I went and they are spot on. However one thing, I booked the day of on a Wednesday and during checkout I had to correct the receptionist about the charge (since it was a Wednesday there's a special).  Now looking back at my receipt I noticed they did not give me 15% off to for being a new client. Make sure you look closely and pay attention to what they charge. Still a decent value for the experience but just sad I had to fight for what they advertised and I still didn't get it! That's why I didn't give 5 stars!
I was at O'Live Organic Spa for my first spray tan ever for my wedding this past May. I had initially visited with a friend for a facial and found the staff friendly enough. My appointment was with Tara and she was very personable and well informed (very important when you are almost naked in the room with a stranger). She asked me to choose from a variety of scents the spray tan came in and double checked the intensity of the tan I previously requested. The spray definitely smelled a lot better than the at home ones I've used before and didn't really bother me at all durning the session. The whole process lasted about 15 minutes with barely any wait time. I was worried because it was extremely hot and humid that day because you want to be super dry after a spray, but it was ok. I followed the after care instructions on the website to ensure the longevity of my color. (Lasted about two weeks) I got married two days later and the color was perfect on me. I did have reservations on being orange like a lot of spray tans will leave you, but I didn't have any of those issues. I didn't also have any bleeding of color onto my clothes or bedsheets, but I was told that it would wash right off if I did- as the color is completely organic. I think that all in all it was a great experience with a first time professional tan. I definitely would consider going again for special occasions.
Very nice and cozy spa.  Staff was extremely friendly and welcoming.  The space is relatively small, but they have great amenities such as a mini counter for tea/coffee, coat hanger, and a super clean bathroom with shower and towels.  I had Jin for a massage (purchased a deal from Bloomspot) and she did a wonderful job, I love the smell of the essential oils she used.  It was my first massage ever (!) and Jin made me feel very comfortable and it was not awkward at all.  The only thing is that the treatment room I was in is right next to the reception desk and the walls were rather thin.  The music is on the high side to cover the noise from outside - I guess there is nothing they can change given the space limitations.  They do offer a wireless headset to make that up, so I appreciate their effort to make the best out of the situation. If I have to be picky ;) ... I wish they have other selections of music... it really comes down to personal taste but the music I got was quite fast-paced and with chanting... (kinda sound like monks chanting in a temple....lol) and it wasn't quite relaxing personally - I've been to other spas and I love the sounds from nature or classical music.  Just a suggestion :) I will most certainly return even without a deal!
Cozy hidden away spa. All organic products used. A lovely surprise for my birthday. Jin was friendly and her massage really hit the spot in needed locations. Will come back again for longer massage.
I was here today, I had purchased bloomspot vouchers - one for a facial and one for a 90 min massage w/ reflexology and I was able to book them back to back.   This place was a real treat.  You wouldn't know it from the outside, it's in a regular office building but once you step inside, the decor is really nice and warm and welcoming.   My specialist was Mehae for my facial (it was the Customized facial plus LED-light therapy and brightening pineapple purée peel).  She was fantastic.  Very knowledgeable and very nice about taking care of me and my skin.  She asked a lot of great questions to try to help me with my problem areas and then she gave me a very thorough facial with extractions (which I hate but was very necessary).  And then I had the LED treatment (I am looking forward to seeing the results in the next few days).  It was very relaxing and she did a great job. And then I had a massage with Barbara (90-min Art of O'Live Massage with reflexology) and she was fantastic.  She kept asking if he pressure was okay and she worked on my problem areas.  She did a great job and I really enjoyed my massage and I was so relaxed afterwards. I love this place and I loved the services.  I don't know if I can afford to come here as often as I would like!  But I definitely would not hesitate to recommend this place or Mehae for facials or Barbara for massages.
If you have not booked your treatment at O'liv- run, don't walk and book now! This hidden gem is beyond cute, the decor makes you want to run and redecorate your own room, the waiting room is quaint with tea and you instantly feel relaxed. I can not thank you enough for the BEYOND amazing Rockstar treatment!! From massage, to hot stones, to scalp massage to hot oil hair treatment- you feel beyond amazing. Angela and Maryanne's expert hands put us in a different state of relaxation and words cannot describe the experience.  It was like getting all the services in one treatment- we didn't want it to stop! Rachel and Marie work with Eminence Organics to customize your facial needs, the body treatments are customized with your very own essential oil blends and the treatments are therapeutic, detoxing, stress relieving and a total necessity for today's busy schedule. We cannot wait to return to book another Rockstar and add an organic facial next time.  Again- a hidden gem in Nashville, TN!
Amazing spray tan ! And the best part ORGANIC & the scents are great ! Love this place - my go to place near work !
Very tranquil and reasonably priced for NYC.  It has a really relaxing atmosphere.  My massage therapist was Jin and she was great.  The place is small, so make sure to book an appointment.  Oh, and if you're a first timer, they give you a $20 discount card towards your next appointment (facial or massage).   *they have a shower available.
I wanted to book a facial and massage for Spa Week and chose O'Live because it was between work and home for me, also the fact that they are a "green" spa and use organic and natural products. The day of my appointment I had to have an unexpected procedure which would not allow me to have a comfortable massage so I called O'Live to cancel but because it was less than 24 hours they would not let me. However, they did offer to let me reschedule at a later date and letting me to keep the same Spa Week rate which I really appreciated. I did keep my appointment for the facial and when I arrived the receptionist and esthetician were at the front desk. Both ladies greeted me warmly and with concern about the procedure I just had which I felt was thoughtful. I feel horrible for not remembering my esthetician's name but she did everything she could to make me feel comfortable and made sure I was as relaxed as possible. I loved the products by Eminence that she used. They are organic and all natural and smell delicious! The facial was wonderful expect when the extractions began, which are never pleasant but my face always looks so much better afterwards. The only complaint I would have is that the walls are very thin and you can hear everything that is being said in the waiting/reception area. Other than that the place is very cozy, warm and the staff are all very friendly. When I was checking out I asked the receptionist to tell me more about the products that were used for my facial and was she seemed to be very knowledgeable about Eminence. She even gave me a sample of a hydrating masque which I can't wait to try!
Really, 4.5 stars.  I rounded down.  The reason it doesn't get all 5 stars is because the space is EXTREMELY small and they only have one massage room so simultaneous massages are impossible and because of the space constraints, you can hear everything that's going on outside of the treatment room. I had the BEST prenatal massage with Jin.  Normally, I tend to prefer deep tissue/myofascial release type of massages but being pregnant has put that off limits for now.  Jin had me lie on my side and used a mixture of hot stones and gentle strokes to find release on my body.  She was so amazing that despite the noise outside, I fell asleep.  LOVED her! My husband had the regular art o'live massage with Jin right after (we had to schedule back to back massages) and he said she was amazing!   We want to come back so please add more space!!
Going to the spa is my idea of heaven, but unfortunately O'Live lacks customer service and skill.  My friend booked me a 30 minute Art of O'live Facial as a birthday present and I was so excited because going to a spa is a rare treat for me.  My friend booked the appointments on a Monday and we noticed that there is a Monday special: $78 for any 60 minute massage.  My friend had paid $78 for a 30 minute massage on Monday when you could get a 60 minute massage for the same price.  When I asked the receptionist if there was any way to take advantage of the Monday special, she just kept saying that a different service had been booked.  I explained that I understood this, but wanted to try to switch the service to the 60 minute massage, as it cost the same as the 30 minute massage. To this she replied that there was no one available to do a longer massage.  I then asked if I could book the appointment for a different Monday and she said that I needed to give 24-hour cancellation notice and that this was standard spa policy.  Additionally, she asserted that all of the specials are right there on the website, essentially blaming my friend for not seeing it right away.  She gave me a form to fill out, ending the conversation and dismissing me.  A few minutes later, I told her that I was a bit taken aback by the spa's (meaning her) customer service.  Acting like the previous conversation never occurred, she asked why.  I said I had just communicated why in our previous conversation and she started in with the, "that's not what you booked" argument as if the whole conversation had never really occurred.  It was truly like an SNL sketch.  Once we wrapped back around to the 24-hour policy portion of the argument, she punctuated it all with "it's not her issue because she's not in charge of policy.  Thanks for the accommodation!  I mentioned to the masseur that interaction with the receptionist had interfered with the relaxation process.  She spoke to the receptionist while I was putting on a robe and when she came back she then went into the "I had booked a different package" routine.  She continued in this vein as she finally started the massage.  How relaxing!  She then asked me if I wanted her to continue.  Honestly, in the end I was glad I only had a 30 minute massage because it was the worst massage I have ever received.  The masseur told me she would move from my back and then work down to my legs.  The leg portion consisted of her lightly tapping my legs which were covered by the sheet for about 10 seconds on each leg.  The whole latter portion of the massage, in fact, was light to no pressure and was conducted over the sheet.  At the very end, she rubbed random portions of my body over the sheet as if she were waxing a car.  The massage description on the website stated that hot stones and reflexology would be employed.  Neither were.  It's all there on the website, right?  Businesses should be empowered to do what is right for the customer and to be fair, but this is obviously a foreign concept at O'Live. My friend also booked an express facial after the massage.  The esthetician verbally insulted me in a way that I find embarrassing to write about.  Her treatment basically  consisted of slapping some lotion on me and sitting there while a steam machine was pointed at my face.  When I have received facials at other spas, estheticians have used this time to massage my arms and hands.  The express facial description included a pineapple peel, but she never did this.  She spent about 5 minute actually cleaning my pores.  She also used a product on my face that I had had a bad reaction to in the past.  When she told me she was going to use it, I told her I thought I had an allergy to it and she went ahead and used it anyway. The whole experience from start to finish was negative when I was so excited to go and feel pampered.
Being faced with a non-descript door on 23rd street, holding my bloomspot coupon, I thought to myself where am I going?  I normally go to bliss for my facials, but trying to go more organic in my lifestyle I decided to try this out.   Gosha is an excellent beautician!  I left the place with my skin feeling so soft and healthy, and I love their line of organic skin care products.  The people are very freindly and are serious about making sure the customer is happy.  I am so glad I came and got my skin ready for the spring that is up ahead.
Great and fast
O yea!!! I wanted to take the opportunity to try this Spa out during spaweek and although it wasn't during the official spa week, they accomodated me and allowed me to book an appt the following week. I made 2 appts - 1 for a facial and 1 for a massage. I truly enjoyed my facial! Gosia was fabulous and made me feel really comfortable and at ease. I told her my problem areas/issues and she addressed them, and also informed me of what products she will be using. She's very pleasant! This was not my first facial, but at times I can't be bothered with that bright light in my face sometime lol..so I stay away. I also liked the products and purchased some(I'm a sucker for body/facial organic products ;'( ) plus I needed a new moisturizer so this was the perfect opp to do so... let's see if it agrees/enhances my beauty LOL. I am trying to go ALL the way organic, so finding this spa was another plus on my journey. They also offered a gift card, which was superb and will come in handy! The treatment room is small though...but hey what's a sml room when you are getting top notch products and pleasant customer service? :-) The regular prices are kind of steep so if I'm wow'd w/ my massage, I may just have to treat myself once in a while. I shall return soon for my massage and oh another facial ;-).....and will update accordingly!
I have been here twice for spray tans. My first review was not very complimentary and the owner invited be back for another try with a different staff member on the house.  While it was a step up, the tan itself was still not- well perfect. It had some streaky parts on my wrists and abrupt endings on my ankle area.  The first time I went the staff member applied barrier creme to me, the 2nd time I was told to do it myself, which I found a bit odd. Maybe I need a little more pampering. The entire process is maybe just too quick in and out, than previous spray tans I have experienced at other spas.    The positives, the organic solution they use smells great and last quite a while on your skin. It is a very nice color. It does not run off or become blotchy when fading.
Great business!  Great tan!  I had never gotten a spray tan before and I was actually a little nervous.  More nervous about the results than the experience.  Monika, the owner, is awesome.  She was super friendly and talked me through absolutely everything, from what she was doing while applying the tan, to how to preserve it after, and all about the product, which she is super proud of ... and should be!  The color is perfect and has just started fading nicely after a week.  I think that it will last about another week or more, which from what I understand, is a good result.  Granted I don't have any prior spray tan experience to compare to, but I never will.   They also just added facials to their menu with Eminence products.  I never get facials, but I am getting married in April so have been looking to book one.  I am so confident in Monika and her business that I booked one on the spot (before they had even done any).  Will let you know how that goes soon.
I tried this place during Spa Week to see if i liked it and I was pleasantly surprised.  It's a small boutique spa.  The women who work there are very nice, welcoming and they make you feel very comfortable.  I tried the signature facial.  They focused on extractions, which isn't always so easy to find at Spas these days.   My face still looks a little raw, but it is super smooth and glowing.  I know in a day or two it will subside and my skin will look excellent.  I booked my next facial before i left. If you are looking for a treatment that really makes a difference then this place is excellent, however, it is small so they don't have all the amenities that you would find at a larger spa like a private sitting area, sauna and steam room.   Hands down It was one of the best facials I have ever had, so I'll save the sauna for the next time i'm at the gym.
This is a solid four star spot for a massage. This was not the first time I was here which is already saying something. There's so much I like about this place and the massages have been pretty great. Mostly, I really like being here. I'm no stranger to the Asian sweatshop-like massage hotspots all over this city, where the little women climb on top of you and find every knot in your feeble body, but sometimes I like to be somewhere special, and take in the whole experience of a massage. The space itself is so relaxing. I am immediately happy to be there. Dark walls, dark wood, earthy scents and a Buddha head and I'm pretty sold. The massage room is so warm, I just want to hang out in there. As for the massage, tonight I had Molly. I like how I was able to pick my scent of choice for the evening and how she did a good job at adjusting pressure as necessary. Her technique has a Swedish massage quality to it which made it quite serene. I'm writing sort of dreamy and airy but I guess that's just the sort of energy you give off after leaving a place like this. Highly recommend.
First time here, I'm from Miami so of course it's my first time. As soon as you walk in you get that relax vibe. The staff was pretty cool, I was assisted my Alexandria totally and incredibly helpful. The massage that I got was incredible and the price I payed was pretty good as well. I recommend it If you need to go somewhere that is truly peaceful.
I was here today for my first ever spray tan and I'm am SO happy with the results. It was a little tricky to find the place since I was expecting a storefront but their location on the 3rd floor is cozy and quiet. Tara did my spray tan and did a great job. She knows a ton about organic and well-sourced products and I really enjoyed chatting with her during and after my appointment. I also loved that all of their products are natural and organic, especially because it meant no stinky smell or scary chemicals in the tanning products. The only bad thing I could say is that my mom came in later in the day and was offered a 20% off discount for future appointments and I was not. Since I plan on coming back for more tans and would like to try them for facials I would have appreciated receiving one as well.
I loved my experience here. Went for my first spray tan (pre-wedding trial run) and Tara was awesome! She walked me through all the details and the color was great. Def. going for my wedding.
Okay, I had originally had a problem with them not honoring the Yelp coupon I bought.  As I said in my previous review, the staff was nice and the massage was good.  I was just freaked out that they were not responding to me when I was requesting an adjustment for the coupon I used.   UPDATE: Turns out they really care about the reviews on Yelp and their reputation in the community.  The owner has called and emailed me several times to ask about the situation and try to fix it.  I explained what happened and she said they never received any emails from me so they didn't know there was even an issue.  I forwarded all of the emails I had sent, but they were sent to a non-working email address that was associated to the scheduling software they use.  She was so gracious and kind and only wanted to make things right.  She immediately submitted a credit in the amount they had incorrectly billed me the first time and offered me a discount to come back. I really did love the massage, the decor, and the staff and was hoping it was going to be my new massage place.  Now that I have seen how much her spa means to her and her great attention to my problem I will be going back for sure.  Probably this week!   I guess the rule is not to come between a woman and her hard earned money;) But they had just made a mistake and went above and beyond to correct it.  A+
Because I was pale as a sheet of 8x10 paper am going to wear a bikini this weekend...I decided to try spray tanning. I was about 10 minutes early for my appointment, and sitting at the desk was a young lady who actually was the technician who ended up doing my spray tan. There was no acknowledgement from her when i walked in at all. Not even eye-contact. She was on the phone (later she told me it was with the owner) for a good 15 minutes, chatting away about her cousin coming to town to visit, a test she was going to have done, etc. If it was purely business and quick, then fine. But I felt it was very rude to basically have parts of a full on social conversation when a customer was sitting there. Just when I thought she was going to stop, she kept going on. At times it seemed like she was trying to think of more things to say. Finally, a couple of minutes after my appointment time, she gave me the waiver to fill out. Hello, you could have given it to me when I first walked in the door while she was on the phone? I would think the owner would have preferred her to greet the customer than to chat on the phone with her had she have known someone was sitting there. The spray tan itself was fine. No weird odor, and if a spray tan can be "good" for you, then I would assume this is as good as it gets. I ended up keeping my underwear on, but I wish she had warned me how bad the tan lines would be if I wanted to wear a swimsuit. It was my first time getting tanned, and a bad decision on my end...but would have been nice for some guidance. She's the professional right? The technician during the session was fine...a little on the chilly side but I don't expect her to be making full conversation while I'm standing half naked in front of her. I wouldn't return. For the amount of money you spend, I would prefer to give my business to one that actually wants to be polite to their customers. Don't get me wrong - I don't need every business to give me the warm fuzzies, but I do think the girl needs some training in etiquette how to treat a customer in a nice establishment. 4 stars for the tan, 2 stars for the hospitality/experience.
O'LIVE Organic Spa is a true hidden gem. I went for a full body massage after my coworker recommended it and am truly satisfied. The receptionist was really nice, attentive and professional. Jin (my masseuse) has the hands of a goddess. The spa is small but that didn't bother me because the atmosphere was so peaceful. It might not be the place for a group though. Jin asked me about my preferences before starting and continually check in with me during my treatment. I had a bloomspot offer which was really nice. I really really enjoyed my massage but I don't think I could part with the $130 they normally charge so I'll have to wait around for another deal to come up. If you're willing to splurge and are
If I could give O'live Spa 6 out of 5 stars I would! I received the most relaxing massage from Jin. She is extremely sweet and does a great job paying extra attention to problem areas. Mt feet were killing me from all of the walking I did during my vacation in NYC! Goshia did my signature facial and spray tan. She is excellent! She 100% stands by the Eminence products that are used at the spa. Plus, it is easy to see that she is extremely knowledgeable and skilled in her profession. She gave really great tips on what products to use in order to balance my skin-tone. I also loved my organic spray tan and it lasted the promised 10 days, easy! Plus, it fades very nicely - not blotchy at all. To top it all off, the general manager, Alex, and associate, Tara, were very welcoming and friendly. Overall, I had an amazing and relaxing experience at O'live Organic Spa. I highly recommend it!!
I had a facial with MeHae here. My skin is very sensitive and needed a lot of exractions, but she knew exactly what to do. I loved the Eminence products that she used and was surprised at how effective they were, considering they are all natural and organic. She used some galvanic current and LED lights, which she said helped to speed up the healing process and would leave my skin even toned, and she was right! The room was so cozy and clean.. A humble and private nook in crazy midtown. I'm going back for sure!
I'm officially obsessed! It was my first airbrush tan and I couldn't believe how natural and dark I looked. Looove it. I tried to go to another airbrush place that was closer in Hoboken last night and it doesnt even compare. They did 3 coats and I have nowhere near the same amount of color.
Extremely welcoming spa with warm decor and friendly staff. If you're getting a facial, ask for Mehae - she's very knowledgable and will make your skin feel and look great!
Had my second spray tan here- amazing. Customer service was great, easy to get an appointment. Knowledgeable stuff, very rpofessional. Spa is new, so very clean. The color turned out nice. the only negative is that it's purely natural, it washes out quickly, like in 1,5 week. There was no smell at all like with other spray tans that use chemicals. highly resommend it.
I purchased an offer for O'live through bloomspot for three Brazilian waxes.  I find that a lot of spas on bloomspot don't have the best reviews, and I was glad to see O'live was so highly rated.  It was a really wonderful experience.   The spa is small, but there was a tremendous attention to detail.  Every spot in the spa works to make it a tranquil environment from the throw pillows, to the modern sink in the bathroom.  It was rich and warm, not clinical.   I had an appointment with Mehae Kim, and she was wonderful.  She came out to offer me a drink and apologized for having me wait a few minutes while the wax heated up (I was more than 15 min early).  I told her it was my first time (it actually was not my first time, but it had been a while) and she was very clear and polite.  She did up sell me on a different kind of wax for $10 which I think was definitely worth it.  Mehae was quick, thorough, and respectful.  Afterwards she treated me in the lobby with a drink and a free sample of a new lotion.   I never ever pay full price for spa appointments.  I am the queen of $25 facials.  I really liked O'live so much I think I will continue going there after my deal is over.
This place was great.  They have great after care service and take care of their customers when they have an issue.  It was a really relaxing atmosphere and I will visit in the future.
Bought a Bloomspot deal for a facial and massage and have never looked back. I have horrible acne and after a monthly facial  at O'Live for the past six months, my face is on the mend. Gosia is so nice and let's you know what products to use but you never feel pressure to buy. I highly recommend getting the LED-light therapy add on. I was never a facial girl before I came here but Gosia seriously works magic and my face is clear for weeks! Jin is also a miracle worker with her 90- minute massages. The room is so relaxing and Jin is a skilled professional-- focusing in on the areas you identify and working out your knots. Everyone is super friendly and helpful. Their online booking system and email confirmation is easy to use for busy New Yorkers. They offer online deals through their facebook page and mailing list but I would pay full price this level of service!
What a great, fairly new establishment! I have been looking for a facial home and am happy to say that I've found it! The facial was amazing. Products rock. Looking forward to my next one!
After the last spa deal that I bought through Bloomspot, I was a little hesitant to buy another. The last place was so bad, I required a chiropractor afterwards and Bloomspot got so many complaints (mainly about inappropriate touching during massages) that they gave everyone refunds. So I was a little hesitant when I bought the deal for O'Live. I didn't need to be. From the moment I called to make an appointment, they were nothing but nice and helpful. Unlike other places, when I told them I had a Bloomspot deal, they didn't act like they were doing me a favor by scheduling the appointment. They squeezed me in that week and I was not disappointed. The spa itself is clean, calming and relaxing. Tara, the woman who works the front desk, was friendly and chatty. The massage room is an actual room, not just a room with sheets (like the other place) to separate the massage tables. Jin, the masseuse, was amazing. She asked me before she started if I had any problem spots and kept asking if the pressure was okay during the first few minutes of the massage. She worked out a knot under my right shoulder blade that had been there for months. As for the complaint about them using too much oil, I actually found just the opposite. After Jin had massaged an area with oil, she used a warm towel to get the excess oil off. Overall, it was a fantastic experience and I fully intend to come back and pay full price next time.
I just got back from an appointment here and simply couldn't wait to share my thoughts. In three words: It's a gem! This organic spa is small and cozy with a serene atmosphere. The receptionist, who I think is also the owner, greeted me enthusiastically by name when I walked in and offered me refreshments. Jin, the masseuse, has magic in her fingertips. She customized my experience by asking me about my problem areas before we started, which resulted in complimentary hot stones! She also used relaxing lavender aromatherapy oil in the beginning and ended with a refreshing peppermint oil, which she applied to my scalp and my ears. Who woulda thought that peppermint oil on the ears could feel so good?! The hot stones, combined with the aromatherapy made me feel as if I was melting from pleasure the entire time. She asked about the pressure a couple times, which I really appreciated. Unlike many other massages I've received in the past, this massage lasted the full 50-minutes I asked for. Though I usually get up and get dressed about 30 seconds after the massage therapist leaves, I couldn't help but lay there for a couple minutes, basking in the high that follows a truly fantastic massage. I have been struggling for about a year to find a worthy replacement for my old massage therapist; I need not look any further. When I went out to the reception area, Jin asked me how I felt and proceeded to give me a run-down of what she found, as well as some tips to help alleviate the discomfort I often feel. When I went up to pay, the receptionist/owner asked for feedback on my experience. I told her I would love to become a regular but expressed my doubts, seeing as how I am but a working college student. She informed me of their student discount (20%) and coupled the great news with a sample from the Eminence skin care line they promote. She then topped it all off with a $30 gift card, which she said I could combine with the discount offer! I could hardly believe my luck.   The best part of all? My appointment was a spa week deal. Though I was receiving discounted services, it clearly did not affect the quality of service. I think it also deserves to be noted that I noticed they made improvements based upon some of the reviews on here (i.e. the light in the massage room). I am so excited to have found this place and urge everyone to check it out!
I wish i could give this place 20 stars, its just that good. If you're looking for a PERFECT, healthy, comfortable spray tan this is the place. The tan itself (I got twice, once as a test and another time for my wedding) both times turned out natural-looking, golden and GORGEOUS! Its made of about 4 natural ingredients and each time the amazingness of my tan has been superseded by the friendly and forever lovely staff. The owner is a dream and instantly treats you like you're her oldest and dearest friend. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place - perfect tan, perfect customer service, perfect spa experience. The best by far.
WOW! Hands down the best spray tan I've ever gotten. The whole experience was fantastic and my skin looked amazing afterwards. Highly recommend an appointment as this is a gem with many regular customers.
I went here for a 60-min Art of O'Live massage a couple weeks ago. The building entrance is easy to miss but the spa is memorable. I really liked the Asian-themed decor of this small and cozy place. They do have a shower, in case you need it (I didn't use it). What I thought was weird was that the massage therapist also doubled as a front desk person. Thankfully, I got there on time and so did the next customer after me, but I honestly don't know how she would handle a situation, when someone shows up too early or too late. Would she step out of the room to greet the new customer or leave him/her sitting in the waiting area alone? Anyway, the massage was great and the therapist applied just the right amount of pressure. We had a short chat beforehand about my problem areas and so the therapist focused on them and did a good job. There were two minor annoyances though. First, she applied a lot more oil than I'm used to. I really wish I knew they had a shower because I would've definitely rinsed off after the massage. Second, when I turned over onto my back, I realized that the lamp hanging from the ceiling was almost directly over my face. Don't get me wrong, the light was dim and I almost fell asleep while lying on my stomach but lying on my back with the lamp hanging over me was mildly irritating. Overall, I liked the spa and enjoyed the massage and would definitely come back.
I have gotten 2 Clear facials and LED light series with Tina. She has gone out of her way to give me customized treatment and advice for my skin. I had only had one facial before and my skin is sensitive and I was really concerned about scarring after a facial although I knew I needed help. My skin has really improved under her care. Without any scarring I had feared and rid of many clogged pores, I trust Tina a lot and have faith that there is a way to extract pimples gently without scarring if you go with a professional! She was very sensitive and gentle, reminding me to let her know if I felt any pain. I really felt cared for and comfortable asking her any questions, which she welcomed. I learned a lot about my skin and how to manage it. Tina helped me work within my budget when it came to treatments and products, such as how to work with what I already had at home, take advantage of discounts like Wellness Wednesdays, and address internal effects on my skin I could work on like stress, eating and excersise habits. I'm really happy with the results. It was a good experience and totally worth it!
Awesome place!  The lady was a sweetheart and made me feel absolutely comfortable!  Totally worth it!
This was my first spray tan experience, but it was a great one!  I used a Gilt City voucher in advance of a wedding I am going to this weekend (wearing a pale silver dress, so I thought some 'color' would help!). Violetta was very friendly, and stepped me through the entire process.  It only took about 20-25.  I do not have other experiences to compare to, but I will say that this was great. You get an option of scents, which is nice, and violetta cleaned off my finger and toe nails, and powdered my body so it wasn't sticky before i left. i will def go back
I made an appt a few wks before New Years Eve in anticipation of how booked this place could get.  Over the phone I was pleasantly surprised by how detail-oriented the person that made my appt was.  Fast forward to today (post-spray tan session) and I'm even more impressed by this business.  Violetta was so kind and I really appreciated her friendly and professional service.  She answered all of my questions abt organic spray tanning.  She told me AND I saw for myself that organic is the way to go!  There is no yucky smell and soooo much less stickiness on the skin using this product.  Overall, it was nice to be taken care of by someone that clearly cares so much abt her clients and the spray-tan process.  I bought a package and am looking forward to coming back for more beautiful bronzing!  :)
went for a facial and I am very satisfied with the service. First of all, the salon itself is beautiful, peaceful and the decor is relaxing. Location is very convenient. The owner Monika was the nicest person and so was my beautician Gosia. Gosia was very thorough, explained all the procedures being done as well as cosmetics used. My skin looked much better after the facial- glowing and tight. I also bought two good quality creams she recommended for my skin type and I am very happy with them. Overall great experience. Well worth the price. I would highly recommend this place.
This place is so relaxing, amazingly beautiful, warm and serene. I definitely recommend this place!! After my first appointment (coupon from bloom-spot) I've already made my second appointment for next month for the Signature Facial with Gosia who by the way is AMAZING. She really loves what she does and girl knows what she is doing. Everyone is very friendly and down to earth, makes you feel right at home.
I had never heard of this spa until my boyfriend got me a gift certificate there for my birthday.  I got the 60 minute hot stone massage and it was one of the best massages I've ever had. The spa itself is small but very nice, very clean with a very friendly staff. And the prices are VERY reasonable. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. I will definitely be back!
One of the quickest and pain-free waxing experiences ever. Small, but clean and well-laid out, I like the spa's organic product line and super friendly staff.
O'live is BRILLIANT!!  I've gotten a couple massages from Jin and a facial and waxing from Gosia. They are both remarkable at what they do. Jin worked magic on my tense areas, especially my feet, because I am on them all day at work. The staff is wonderful and very friendly. I was in and out without delay. They even have water and hot/cold tea available for me when i was done. I would absolutely recommend this place to any and everyone!! I will definitely be going back to O'live very soon!
Although I have more fun writing up poor experiences, having a great spa visit is way way better. I definitely had needed some relaxation and O'live Organic Spa provided it. To begin, I have realized I can judge a NYC spa by how easy it is to make an appointment. Calling this spa was a breeze, the receptionist was very friendly, and her British accent seemed to give her more organizational credibility. I had a bloomspot coupon for the Red Carpet facial, pear-fect microdermabrasion, and LED light therapy. I was concerned I was going to be late as I ran through the streets of midtown, knocking over innocent bystanders because DAMMIT I was going to GET my facial. Turns out they were running a bit late but that was cool because I could chill out and even thought it was a bit small, the waiting area was really nice and smelled wonderful. While I was waiting I did hear a loud, Long Island-accented female voice who was getting a spray tan discuss her upcoming wedding at length, but I suppose that is just a casualty of Manhattan existence. Mehae was my esthetician, and she was extremely nice and helpful in discussing skin issues. I bought some $70 eye cream and went to go meet my man for dinner looking fresh faced, feeling relaxed, and totally happy. It gives me great pleasure to quote the Terminator: "I'll be back!"
I was new to airbrush tanning, but decided to get one for my wedding. I was a bit nervous, but had an AMAZING experience!! This place is great and my tan looked fantastic! I got so many compliments :) Excellent customer service too.
Most important part of a spa is the massage or treatment.  I bought a special for a massage and reflexology.  It was excellent.  I asked for medium pressure.  The last few months have been stressful and I thought something more gentle would be soothing.  It was taking me a long time to get out of my rat race mind  and I was worried that I wouldn't be relaxed by the time it  was over.  But by the end I was very relaxed.  Deeply  body  relaxed the rest of the day and the next as well.  And it helped my mind stay calmer as well.  Jin gave my massage.  She was very attentive, asked questions and responded if I wanted more pressure, etc..  She also used hot stones which wasn't part of the package but she was creative and I feel has a great intuitive sense.  I was able to rest in the room afterwards.  I started to fall asleep.  But I knew there was probably another client so I got dressed.  Wouldn't it be nice to have a room to just lie down in for a nap?     The place is cozy, peaceful, clean.  It is nicely appointed, tastefully decorated. I don't care for the fancy places, with over the top ambiance (can't afford them anyway).  I like the simplicity because the massage or service is the most important thing.  Also Monika the owner is charming and friendly.   O'Live is a gem!
This was my first spray tan. I was very happy with the color; it was as they described it: how your skin would naturally look if you were tan. It was a perfect bronze color. The woman who applied the spray tan was so nice and made me feel comfortable with the process. The tan lasted between 1-1.5 weeks. The spa is new, clean, and welcoming. I will definitely return in the future.
I went to this spa for a massage today on a bloomspot deal.  Liked the place but would not go without a deal. The reception area was instantly calming. There were two sweet ladies there. They asked me if I needed water or tea and got what I wanted. The massage lady - Jin - came soon enough. She looked nice and professional. Jin took me to the massage room which was right next to the reception. The massage room was also very nice and relaxing. Jin left me there to change and get in the sheets however I waited for her too long. I think it was close to 10 minutes before she came. It was really boring waiting for her. Anyway she came inside ultimately and asked me my problem areas. I told her. She started well with my shoulders and and back however she did not focus on all of them during the massage. When I asked her to focus on my lower back she did not do a good job. She focused on my bony areas which was not pleasurable but was actually a bit painful. She did a good job at other areas.   Another problem here is that the massage room is right next to the reception so you can hear the conversations from there. Not great! However Jin kept the spa music on high - a bit too high in my opinion. I liked their taste in music though. So all in all not a GREAT place but a pretty good deal with a bloomspot.
I got a facial here this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised. The place is really small so they can only accommodate 2 appt's at a time, but that just adds to the intimacy of the experience. I will definitely be going back!
Though this spa is located in an easy-to miss building, the quality of service here is impeccable!  Wanda was my therapist and she was nothing short of AMAZING!!!  I am into martial arts so I need someone who can really knead my worn out muscles.  I told Wanda of my requirement and she more than lived up to my expectations.  My massage, which was a combination of deep tissue, swedish and hot stones, was very therapeutic and hit the right spots, just what a massage should be all about!  An additional much welcomed treat is that they customize your massage according to your requirement! The spa itself is tiny but very cozy, clean and serene.  I have been to quite a few spas but this one definitely tops my list for massages.
I purchased a bloomspot gift certificate for the Red Carpet Facial. Usually i dont buy groupons for spas, but the Yelp reviews were so high, I decided to go for it. I am so glad that I did! I had such an amazing experience. Every person that I encountered, from the owner to the esthetician, had a warm, welcoming demeanor that made me feel very comfortable and taken care of. The facial itself was 90 minutes and so luxurious. It was the perfect amount of small talk during, very informative and plenty of relaxing quiet time. My face looks great 3 days later, the LED light therapy really makes a difference. They did not push product on you at all, but are also very open with giving suggestions for things to do at home in your routine. I will most definitely return again for another facial. Best facial in Manhattan (and I've tried MANY).
i went to o'live organic spa for the first time last week for a 1 hour massage with jin.  it was a wonderful experience!  i admit i was a bit high maintenance - i scheduled an appointment, then changed the time the day before, then tried to move my appointment of the day of.  to my surprise, i did not get any attitude whatsoever and they were very patient and accommodating.  as soon as i entered, i was greeted with a friendly receptionist and a vibe of serenity.  the decor is earthy and soothing.  jin was very professional and asked me questions to make sure i was comfortable and to ensure that she focused on my trouble spots.  she used wonderful smelling lavender and mint essential oils (i need to get me some!) and unique music mix with lots of spiritual chanting.  i felt like i was in a faraway land.  it was just the escape i needed.  i felt amazing afterwards...totally fell asleep during my commute home and was finally able to crack my neck.  wasn't able to do that for 2 weeks because i was so knotted up and stressed out.  i highly recommend this spa.
