Irina is fantastic! If you need a Brazilian in Brooklyn, make sure you go to Serenity. I highly recommend Irina.
Wax was pretty standard-but the door opens onto the waiting room and the lady who did the wax seemed oblivious to the fact that when she left the room (with nothing to cover me up) - casually opening the door - the next customer got an eyeful. Cringe!!!
Very pleased with this place overall. Nothing fancy but clean and the staff is nice. Usually easy to get an appointment. Only been there for waxing so I cant speak to the other services but Ive been very pleased with any of the wax appointments!
Girls, If you ever get the urge to spread your legs and have a stranger pour hot wax all over your vagina and then pull all of your hairs out over a 15-minute period, I would recommend no one better to do it than Irina at Serenity Beauty Spa in Williamsburg. And for only $35 you'll have enough money left over to take someone out on a date and show off that fancy new vagina!
The CLEANEST and longest lasting wax you will EVER experience ladies is right here!!!!  Whatever your excuse is - you're going natural, or, you just can't find the time - you need to, and I mean NEED to make an appointment with Irina!   The goddess of all things Brazilian waxed, Irina will get out every single stubborn hair that ever graced your lady area.  She is quick, just like previous Yelpers have stated, and she is so friendly and sweet.  Although she did laugh whenever she unexpectedly ripped away at my hair and I gave a little muffled shout, she is the BEST there is; PERIOD.   I will be seeing you every month, and I'm not sorry you'll be seeing A WHOLE LOT OF ME every month too!
I'm not going to break the 5 star trend because I can't.  I love to bitch but even I couldn't find anything wrong with this place.  Irina is fast, friendly, attentive and thorough and the rates are insanely good.  I did three whole areas for what a Brazilian alone used to cost me in Vegas.  Read my reviews, this is the 3rd stop for my vajay-jay and I can proudly say she has found a home in Serenity.   Bonus for being directly across the street from The Fette Sau (yelp.com/biz/fette-sau-b…) cause nothing says fat pig like a hairless beaver.
There is nothing in this world more potentially awkward than paying a stranger to rip all the hair off your private parts with hot wax, so it's really wonderful when you find a place that minimizes the horror as much as possible. Serenity is the place. It's clean, fast, they play that tinkly soothing music, and have something to look at on the walls while the unspeakable is happening down below. Irena is friendly and very nice, but not uncomfortably chatty, the price is right, and their regular bikini wax is, shall we say, thorough without leaving you looking like a nine year old. A+ to Serenity for making something really uncomfortable almost pleasant.
Officially a huge fan of Irina! Had a very lovely brazilian waxing experience last week and would definitely recommend her if you live in the area. + gentle honey wax that leaves you amazingly smooth and barren + efficient and friendly service + average prices ($45 + tax + tip for a full brazilian) + open early on saturdays (convenient for those "oh shit, I'm going to the beach in 2 hours but forgot to schedule a wax" moments. note: they open at 9 on saturdays but will take appts for earlier) + convenient location close-ish to the bedford and lorimer stops = My New Wax Spot.
These gals often get the highest rating because their work is first class.   If you're looking for the cheapie spa experience on the fly this is not the spa for you.  If you're looking for fluffy white robes, quiet with only running waterfalls and soft music in the background, this is not the spa for you.  (They should probably change the name from spa to beauty bar for this reason) Some services can be a little pricey considering the size of the place, age of the equipment but they don't "half ass" the work, it lasts a long time (in my many experiences), you get what you pay for and you will NOT find a beauty bar in NYC that will do your services better.   Keep In Mind: -  Booking your appointment on off hours (weekdays and night), where all of the attention can be on you is your best bet.   - Sometimes the scheduling can be tight and tricky, so call in advance. They only have two pedicure tubs, three manicure tables and two treatment rooms. - The place is small and can get noisy with even a small crowd around.   - Irina is the Eyebrow Queen...seriously.  She's never messed me up, I never ever seen her mess up on anyone else coming out of the room.  Even when I thought she was less than perfect, a day later I look in the mirror and see where she was dead on with her arching.  It's like she knows how the hair will grow back in, in advance. - Its a walk from public transportation although the bus is nearby and the Bedford Ave L train is a few blocks up.  So drive or save your appointment for a nice day.
I went for a Brazilian & it was OK, not as great as described by what others have rated it & raved about. The front door was locked & you have to ring a doorbell then wait for someone to answer. I wasn't greeted at the door, and no one even smiled.  It was not even busy (2 other customers doing nails). The foreign lady did my Brazilian and she was nice. The wax was quite hot than what I'm used to. But when I was complete she left all my wax strips with my hair on the table that I was lying on, she didn't throw it in the trash immediately (kinda gross to see even if it was my own hair!!). She put lotion on my areas afterward, which I dont like because it can clog the pores & cause ingrowns! Then she left the room with me still lying on the table with my bottoms off facing directly to the door, & the door is right in front of seats that people sit on to wait for their turn. Thank goodness it wasnt busy and that there was no one sitting there or else they would've seen me exposed!!! They only take cash for tip, you cant add on tip when you pay with credit card. This place is only good for the price of $40, they get the job done, but it didn't feel "serene" or spa-like. I will not come here again.........Sorry.
I was heartened to read such glowing reviews for my favourite neighbourhood beauty spa! Serenity really does deserve all those kudos and more. I like to keep things local and I prize consistency above all else. Irina gets it right every time with a bikini wax that is fast, efficient and oh-so thorough. Points also for fabulous manicures, pedicures & facials which are on par with, if not better than, fancier establishments in the city. A perfect place for all your girly needs. And the Serenity ladies are just lovely. In these trying economic times it's important to spend our hard-earned cash wisely and support businesses that really do deliver the goods. Highly recommended.
Serenity spa is a little jewel in williamsburgh, offering great services, with prices that wont break the bank.   I go primarily for the waxing with Irina, who is fantastic.  The experience is fast, effective and painless.  I have gone to Irina for quite some time, from that very painful first time to now, I could not imagine going to anyone else.  They offer wonderful mani's and pedi's too.  I am eager to try microdermabrasion and a massage or even one of the spa packages soon.
When it comes to paying an establishment for torture by ripping hairs out of the most sensitive part of the female body, I am by far the least excited girl in town (I get so nervous that I sweat to the point of turning the paper on the table underneath me into a mushy texture like paper mache before it dries). My friends all swear by Bliss, I tried it and promised myself that I'd refrain from ever laying on a table spread eagle for anything other than pure pleasure. To Bliss's credit, this is a personal problem, not a Bliss problem. Let me cut to the chase, having hair ripped from down there is just never going to be pleasurable. If you come to the psychotic mental state in which you decide that a bikini wax is irresistible, go to the best - Irina. She is like a mom - no nonsense, but she's comforting. She calmed me down when I clenched up and yelped before and after each rip. She also let me know that if I was going to be so nervous, she wouldn't be able to finish. So far, I have no ingrowns (a miracle, since I haven't been using Tend Skin or those Bliss pads). The cost was a mere $45 (plus tip, you cheap ass), you'd pay $70 for the same service at Bliss. Irina deserves 5 stars. I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5, because in my opinion, a spa should at least have a relaxation room, preferably a water lounge (rare in NYC). One more piece of advice, if you are as sensitive as I am, take a Vicodin an hour before. I made the mistake of taking one only 30 mins before this time, and it didn't kick in until shortly after I got out of the waxing room.
The hype is all true! Even though I live in Park Slope, I hauled myself wayyyy out to Williamsburg to check this place out, and it was totally worth it. Only been there for waxing my legs and naughty bits, so that's all I can really speak to. Best wax ever! Irena is amazing and super nice, and it was more or less painless. I basically just texted on my phone  the entire time and barely noticed what was going on.
Irina is the waxing queen. She's gentle, quick, and never makes you feel like you're baring your privates to a total stranger. Dare I say, she will even coach you through the most painful parts of the process. As soon as she see's me tense up in anticipation of the next rip, she stops, makes me relax again, and then proceeds. I gave them 3 stars, because I feel they are a bit pricey, and they charge a fee on top of the wax price for processing cards. If I'm paying a business $45 for less than 15 minutes of work, I expect them to not pile on extra fee's after that. That's just insulting.
Oh my god! Irina is the best manicurist in the city. I have paid double for a mani/pedi that did not have all the treatments that come included. They also don't try to upsell you, which I appreciate. The place is small but clean and efficient. They really try to talk to you rather than make you feel awkward by sitting silently or speaking Korean/Chinese/other.  Next time, I am getting red, white and blue for the political debates.
These women, Irina, Ira and Oxana, take care of me so well I can't bring myself to go anywhere else. They're my neighborhood spa and I know I'm the luckiest girl in Brooklyn. Ira is a great masseuse and mani/pedicurist and, while I won't go deep in to my detailing routines, they're great an everything they try their hand at. Going on three years, Irena has established a great business and created a serene little corner in So Bklyn. Just be sure to call ahead for an appointment-they are always busy!
so happy, so so happy with my visit to Serenity! they were extremely nice and punctual and the space, although small, is very clean. I'd read about Irena being incredible with waxing and I'm glad I tried it for myself- she was so fast and thorough (both really important things...) and the price was astoundingly low! I will most definitely be making this my go-to place and for any spa services you should check it out!
This place is very clean! I went for my first Brazilian this week and was pretty scared internally. Irina did a quick and good job. However, I felt that she could have been more sensitive and gentler to a newbie.
Irina's Brazilian waxes are the gold standard!  She is everything you could want in a waxer: efficient, thorough, and reasonably priced.  And as a person, she is lovely, with a great warm energy. I don't quite understand why people would complain of a lack of ambiance if they are coming in for waxing services (if you're going to be somewhere for an extended period, that is another story)- is there some place where you can get waxed lying on a velvet chaise while being fed grapes and listening to live piano?  Even if there were, I would rather not pay for that.   If what you care about is a skillfully executed Brazilian wax, I highly recommend Irina.
After reading all the positive reviews here, I checked out this spa for waxing and facial. Irena is truly an expert and so friendly - I'd recommend her spa to everybody who cares about maintenance on a budget. the waxing was painless, whereas the basic european facial which comes with intense pore extraction was torture, but left my skin smooth and clean for weeks. It doesn't get better than this!
It is so true about Irena. Look at all of these stars. I went to see her to get some  "work" done because of all these glowing Yelp reviews. So spot on. Thank you. Irena is fast, professional and  an all around nice person. After two visits, she remembered my name and a few personal details about me that we chatted about. Maybe this makes me a sap, but I like that. I'm an old fashioned gal. Bonus: Pedicures here are luxurious and lovely as well. I highly recommend Serenity for all girly needs.
Irina is AMAZING. I literally just walked in and asked if she had time for a brow wax...she checked the schedule, looked at the time, and said, "Okay, real quick!" with a smile. My eyebrows were perfect, super natural and just what I needed. I absolutely cannot wait to go back! In fact, I'm calling right now!!
Me too, me too!  I'm so happy to read all the wonderful reviews for this place, I really feel the same way. The ladies here are pros.  It's by far the best manicure and pedicure I've had in the city to date.  I just went in with a banged up toe nail and they dealt with it flawlessly.  Waxing is fast and painless.  And the threading for the brows is great too.  Price point is fair, not super cheap, but fair for the quality of the work.
The only place in williamsburg to get a bikini wax that is fast, relatively painless and comfortable. Irina is great. And if you would like a pedi that can last up to three weeks (I do not kid about this) this is the place. For the price of a crap pedi and a half I get one that has a long lasting polish job and leaves me with attractive heels. I also don't worry about the tools they are using on me unlike other places where you can't even see if and where they sterilize their stuff.
Irina is the best. I loved Angela at J'aime Adore spa in Manhattan but I had to stop going there because 1) that name is terrible and 2) it's really inconvenient for me to get to. I don't live in Williamsburg but I do live off the G in Brooklyn, so I am at my appointment at Serenity in under 20 minutes. Plus Irina is super fast. You're in and you're out. She's careful, meticulous, and friendly. The room is clean, the service is clean. The price is fine. If you're gonna get it off your cha-cha come here for it.
Best manicure, pedicure in the neighborhood. Good Brazilian too! Friendly and clean.
Irina is great at a bikini wax. She's just a sweetheart. I must say that little room is hot as all get out though. They need a little European mini A/C in there. Highly recommend the pedicure. Not so impressed with the one mani i got there by the very sweet "older" latin woman. It was a little sloppy. But if it's a good brazialian you're after that is not excruciating - serenity spa is your spot.
I have gotten only waxing services here and they are by far, the best priced I know of in NYC. Biggest bang for your buck!!   Only gave them 4 stars however, because my landing strip was a bit crooked, twice, and they don't go over with tweezers after they finish to make sure all is silky smooth.
I went for a brazilian while 38 weeks pregnant and Irina was amazing. I've been getting brazilians for the past 5 years or so, so I've had my share of good/so-so/crappy ones and I can honestly say she was one of the best estheticians I've been to. She took her time, was friendly without being intrusive, totally sensitive to my very pregnant state and still had me out of the place in less than 15 minutes which is great considering how slow I move these days. I would haul my butt out to Williamsburg again to see her and I definitely recommend making an appointment.
Irina is a genius. Waxing is painless and quick
I was not happy at all with my Brazilian waxing. The place looks ok, at least it is clean, but they broke at least 1/2 of my hair. Go to The SkinSpa in Midtown, it is all another experience!
Anna is hands down the best nail technician in all of NYC.  She is meticulous, gentle, and makes your nails stay pretty all week long. Irina also gives great facials! Make an appointment.  They get very busy.
First Brazilian wax done here.   Very quick but painful as hell. Thank god this place moves quick and efficient. All finished within 15 min!!!!!
Thorough, nice, very clean, and as close to painless as it gets.  No awk questions about what you want: they just give you what everyone wants (but which is so hard to get!): a "regular bikini" waxing that doesn't unnecessarily denude your labia but *does* take care of your butt.  To be frank.
Hooray for Irina! Quick, virtually painless Brazilian. Peaceful, nice environment, good prices and friendly staff. Thanks to other Yelpers for recommending it!
Meh. 3.5. The place is clean and they use gloves for waxing. Irina is nice, but doesn't try too hard to talk to you while waxing, which is a good thing. However, I've gotten equally good service elsewhere for less (e.g. $50 with tip for a Brazilian). And never buy any products here! (Same goes for most "spas"). If you want to use something like TendSkin, you can get it on Amazon for like $5 rather than the ridiculous $20 that this place charges.
Absolutely my favorite manicure and pedicure place - lasts for days, weeks. The staff are relaxed and professional. Completely eases you into a good feeling after rushing around all day. Also, tried a massage here and loved it. Preparing to try other services in the near future - waxing or facials. I love this place. Affordable and cool. Tip well.
Ive tried twice and Ive realized that its not a professional atmosphere for the professional price.
I cannot sing Irina's praises loudly enough.  She is the best waxer I've been to in New York City.   Irina is friendly, doesn't get too chatty, understanding, efficient, and meticulous.  I will not get bikini waxes anywhere else.  She deserves all the credit she gets on here.  $40 for a Brazilian wax is the appropriate price point: it is not so cheap that it compromises the quality of the wax job, and not so expensive that you feel like you're getting gouged (like most places in Manhattan).  You get what you pay for and then some. The salon is clean, welcoming, and cozy.  I hear their other services are excellent too, but again, the waxing is the creme-de-la-creme.
OK, I've been waxed in many places by many people all over the world since I was very young.  I know, weird.  With that said, Irina gave me the best leg wax I can remember.  And can we talk about how clean the place is?  I've paid much more at "upscale" places that have kinda creeped me out (powder/wax residue on the walls, etc).  It is always gonna hurt, no matter what anyone tells you and even if you have a high threshold for that sort of thing (like me), but Irina was fast and competent.  This is going to sound weird, but I can't wait to get my bikini wax done here.
Convert to threading! Yes, your first time is a bit painful, but you will be so happy that you tried. I did the switch after curiosity caught me. Now I'm a full time threader and Irina is my top pick in eyebrow shaping. For only $12 she will weave the perfect arch to match any face shape. Walk ins welcomed, but I would make an appointment. You can usually get in the day of.
This was one of the best waxes I have ever had.  I would say the best ever, but if my waxing lady from home ever found me she would be crushed. Quick.  Easy.  Painless (for waxing).  The thing thats most important is that the wax was damn good.   The ladies who work there are so nice and very personable.  I've been three times and by the second time they remembered me and were chatting with me.  They knew how to make me feel comfortable which is half the battle when it comes to the uber-sensitive art of waxing.  I also have gotten my nails done and they really did a great job.  Nothing to complain about at all.  A top of the line experience.     So if you're nervous about waxing don't be, just enjoy the professional and competent job that gets done at Serenity.
Clean, quiet, friendly. I was there for a waxing (leg and bikini) and I'm really satisfied about the job she did. I tried many other waxing places in Manhattan before, but this is definitely my favourite one. I will go back there to try other services soon.
I love supporting places that are owner operated. This place not only meets but exceeds all expectations of a salon.  Great waxing and pedicures, very relaxing space and nice people. Their prices are also great and very competitive.  Besides, it's an added bonus to be around the corner from Oslo.
I came to Serenity because of all the glowing reviews on yelp. The facility is Clean and looks very welcoming. I was late for my appointment (my bad), the spa was empty but them seemed extremely annoyed at my tardiness and told me they couldn't take me. I respect their decision and turned to leave since they are not the only place in Brooklyn that cleans coochies. This was my first wax and I was scared to death *knees knocking* . After they realized I wasn't going to beg them to inflict pain on me they called me back.  The wax itself was average since I had many hairs left over and she even left the strips on the table as if she wanted me to see how much of a wilder beast I was.  There was too much wax residue left over for me. Average wax at a moderate price range  means I won't be back.
Wow. Best wax I've ever received in my entire life. No fucking joke. And I should know a thing or two about waxing cos I'm Middle Eastern. Even though their prices are sort of high, it is worth every penny.  I'll definitely be back.
The reviews are right! Best brazilian for me by far. Made an appointment the day of,  walked in at 1:40 for a 2pm appointment, finished by 1:54! I will definitely be going back. Irina is wonderful!
Irena is an artist. She threaded my eyebrows and upper lip and I was so happy with the results. The place is very clean, professional and affordable. I will definitely come back and highly recommend it.
I agree with everyone here. Serenity is the best. I usually get a bikini wax and then a pedi to help me forget the pain (although Irena makes it VERY brief). I've been going here for about 3 years, and no matter what neighborhood I'm living in, I come back to Williamsburg for this spa.
I am now a pedicure junkie here as well. I used to go to whatever discount-priced "__________ nails" place that's a rushjob with little personal attention. Then I tried serenity because of my fabulous waxing experiences, and I'm hooked. They have glitter topcoat too :) I've had both nail specialists, and they're both equally awesome. Love love love this place. Have referred several of my lady friends.
I've been going to Irena for years, best in the neighborhood for mani/pedi/facials/waxing/threading. The ladies at serenity always do what they can to squeeze me in for last minute appointments which means a lot! Prices are great, I won't go anywhere else.
So I REALLY needed a brazilian and my under arms waxed and since I am new in town, I trusted my fellow yelpers and their raves about this place. I called on a Friday and told them I really needed one the next day, on Saturday *wink* and I was super happy that they had time for me just the next day! I got there, had a good vibe, people were friendly. Place was very clean. I got the lady that everyone was talking about and told her how I had heard so many good things about her! She didn't talk too much (good!) but helped me relax as I am a little pussy about pain and I always sweat like a dog during the wax cause I hate pain. But  I felt really comfortable with her. She was super quick and I've had Brazilians from many different places and that one hurt the least so far. Which was REALLY great during the actual procedure but after a few days I found out why. I paid 60$ for both which seemed pretty reasonable! I walked out of there SUPER HAPPY and ready for my date. Thinking 'This is the place I'm going to go to from now on!' Unfortunately, just after a few days, I noticed that she didn't completely pull out a large amount of the hair (underarms and brazilian). They broke off. That would explain why  the waxing really didn't hurt as much as it usually does. This was VERY disappointing. I mean, who wants to start being hairy again just after a few days of spending money on a wax. Maybe it was just bad luck, maybe she was in a hurry. But I might just have to find someone else to do the job. So sad though! Would give this place 5 stars but not having the job done right pulls it down a looottt.
I am very sad, as I used to be a regular customer of Irina's and she was always so kind to me.  After discovering I had the day off today, I immediately rang in yesterday to see if I could be squeezed in for an eyebrow wax.  Lo and behold, the answer was a yes!   Arrived this morning, only to get yelled at by her, saying my appointment was for yesterday.  She was incredibly snappy.  The worst part?  I'd seen her for six years, and she has always known I'm never available on the week day. She also didn't seem to recognize me either, and complained about me in another language to her colleague in the process. My feelings, needless to say, were very hurt.  She looked at me blankly and very angry.  Not sure I caught her at the best time, but I've always been a very loyal customer.   I hope she enjoys a better week next week, but again - I am disappointed by the way she treated me.  I've sent many friends her way (including two of my old roommates), and had hoped to have been treated better by someone to whom I'm a regular customer.
I have a new place to get all my grooming needs met. I went to serenity based on the yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.
Irina was lovely, and my brazillian was relatively painless as far as waxes go, but for some reason my hair grew back within seven days.  Hmm.  Her technique seemed good, and I was comfortable with her the entire time, but typically a wax should last 3-4 weeks.  Either the hairs were broken and not removed from the roots, or else I have started to grow hair at a ridiculous speed.  Sadness!  I really wanted to like Serenity.
Irina is AMAZING!  Tough to find a good, clean, reliable place to get waxing done.  I was so used to all the great places I went to in Houston and now I have one in NY.  Very glad to have found them.  Will be a regular :)
Amazing.  I went to get a bikini wax after reading the reviews - and thank god for Yelp.  I haven't been able to find a good bikini-waxer since I moved to the city.   Irina (sp?) was quick, nice, and clean!  I got a Brazilian and she really got it all.  Did I mention QUICK?   I have found my NYC waxer!  We'll see how my follow-up goes.
AAAmmmaazinnnnngggggggg!! Ifound them on yelp. I've never had a Brazillian that was so hygenic, clean, and quick! I went in at 11.45 was   was out by 12pm ....Believe the hype Irina is amazing!!!
These ladies are the best!  They know their clientele and go out of their way to make everyone feel like the best customer.  Even after moving to Manhattan 8 years ago, I still go back for waxing and mani-pedi.
My first and only brazillian wax place. She was quick and friendly. It's a little pricy but I get one every 1.5 month so is fine.
Clean and quiet place. The lady's at Serenity are very attentive to your requests. My fiance wanted a manicure on top of his pedi and they squeezed him in even though they were booked solid. I wasn't overwhelmingly wowed by the pedicure that I got, but maybe after reading all the reviews I was expecting something amazing. However, I will be returning because it is by far the best place in and close to Williamsburg. They are clean, fairly priced, attentive, polite, and do a good job. I'd also bring your own nail polish they didn't seem to have as many color selections as I have seen other places.
Just another happy customer, it appears. I go to Serenity for waxing and pedi/manicures and I love how professional and pleasant everyone is. Waxing is never painless, but Irina definitely knows what she's doing, which cuts the pain in half. She's quick and thorough and helps me feel at ease.
Was just in for a pedicure. Anna, who is there everyday (Mon-Sat), was wonderful.  I'm so lucky to live 4 blocks away!
I don't do waxing - came here for a manicure, and it was far and away the best one I've gotten in the city.  They were so thorough and meticulous with the shaping and the polish, and actually friendly!  Slightly higher prices - definitely higher than the crappy places I generally walk into - but I will be back.
I like this place a lot and I normally try to avoid Williamsburg at all costs. It seems very clean and I've enjoyed treatments there but I am still quite loyal to Body By Brooklyn mainly because they have the wet lounge with hot tub, steam room, sauna and a full bar. If you don't have time to linger and just need your bod worked on....it's a great spot.
Great experience and Irena is awesome. I've done the wax, eyebrow threading and micro derm.  Great prices and excellent service.
Probably the best bikini wax I've ever had, and the least painful. The salon is in my neighborhood and I'd walked by many times and finally decided to make an appointment.  Irena was very nice and made me feel at ease. I will definitely be going back.
I've heard about this place and went here for the first time last weekend.  I pretty much got the best manicure and pedicure to date in this city.  It's very hard for me to get great mani/pedi's especially when I keep my nails very short.  Best of all, I got them while I had possibly the best facial ever as well.  Go Irina and her staff!  Very sweet, down to earth and what a smart and simple little spa.  I'm definitely going back for my next wax.
I've been here twice to see Irina, and although the waxing service is a relatively painless & efficient procedure, I notice afterward that hair grows quicker & there are way more ingrown hairs compared to other, (even cheaper) places.   Not going back.
couldn't love this place more. they are so so sweet and so good at what they do. unpretentious, calming environment.
This is the ONLY place I have ever fully trusted to wax my super-straight-black-Japanese eyebrows.  I am obsessive about plucking and keeping them neat, but even after I think I've done a good job, I will go to Serenity and be completely amazed.  Seriously.  I moved to California recently after years in Williamsburg and am literally making a special bus trip up from a business trip in Philadelphia to get my eyebrows done.  She is that good.  Never gotten a Brazilian here, but only heard good things.  Manicures and pedicures are amazing and all prices are reasonable.  This is THE spot in Williamsburg for waxing and nails.  Asian girls, go for the eyebrows!
Recently, I did the math and realized that Irena has been waxing/threading my eyebrows for almost ten years.  I'm often complimented on my eyebrows and I have to give all the credit to Irena, because she's the best at what she does and always gets the shape exactly right.
This is the best place to get waxed by far... Irena is the best!
I signed up to Yelp specifically to write this review. I usually don't do such a thing as I reward good service with my repeat business. I will no longer be a customer of Serenity. For each holiday or birthday I would get a gift certificate or money to go to the spa. I would spend that money on a mani/pedi at Serenity (despite the fact that I've long since moved from Williamsburg to Ft. Greene). I forgot about one of my gift certificates and it expired. I called the spa asking if I could please use the certificate despite the expiration date and was told no. I just don't understand how money towards a service with the business ever could expire. Especially in under a year. I spoke with the owner who said that she could not honor the gift certificate because it has expired. Seeing that I am a repeat customer I am very surprised at this answer. So ultimately, they won the battle but lost the war. I will not be returning to Serenity. Small business owners wonder why they are losing to big business. This is why, it would have been an easy fix to make the customer happy, especially seeing as the service has already been paid for, but now I will be taking my hands and feet elsewhere. There are a million nail spots in the city. In all fairness, I was happy with the spa up until this point for their basic manicure and pedicure. I am just surprised with their treatment of a repeat customer.
Finally had a mani-pedi here - Ira did such a beautiful job! Ira suggested a lovely shade and shaped my nails nicely, and plus, I've done some dishes and they still look perfect.
Once I left the city, I panicked about where I would get my eyebrows done. Irina is so brilliant. She shapes them beautifully and I really enjoy seeing her and chatting with her. Whenever I'm back in the city, I make sure to stop by Serenity for a brow shaping. The other ladies who work there, are lovely, as well. And I've gotten some great manicures and pedicures from them.
absolutly love it !!! they are the best, not only are the staff super nice but the salon itself is so clean. i just love going there. Irina is an amazing person. i had my first brazilian there, and i dont plan on ever going anywhere else. i'm just hooked, and you will be too. i cant imagine putting anything LESS than five stars (i want to put six even) and i'm definite that everyone agrees with me. this is absolutely the place to book all of your womanly necessities. i highly reccomend the waxing, as well as the facials, massages, pedicures, manicures, everything! just call in advance to book your appointments, they're so amazing that they book up quickly!!
Best brazilian I've ever gotten...I literally cannot say enough good things about Serenity. Clean, friendly, great prices, and it's 5 blocks from my new apt. It doesn't get much better than this!
great prices, great services. i was recommended this place by a friend and now won't go anywhere else!!
I LOVE Irina! I've been very picky when it comes to Brazilians and she was excellent.  fast, very nice and thorough.  Definitely recommend her to everyone!
don't get it. i really don't get it. i came here based on all the fabulous yelp reviews to get a basic facial. and all i gotta say is ... meh. i've had better facials at the aveda student center. seriously! the aesthetician wasn't UN-friendly, but not that nice either. at the end of the facial she used those electric globe thingies to kill all the bacteria in my pores - great. love that. but the good times were immediately killed when she swabbed my face with what smelled like rubbing alcohol. wha? doesn't that sound like a bad idea? the bad idea was confirmed a few days after when i broke out, all over the place. that's never happened before with a facial, ever! not going back. sorry yelpers. maybe facials ain't their thing?
I started a Yelp account just so I could write about how TERRIBLE this place is. I was in NY for the summer and needed a brazilian done. I went on Yelp and this place had so many glowing reviews I ignored the bad ones and made an appt. BAD IDEA. The receptionist seemed totally uninterested and unfriendly when I walked in. I didn't have to wait too long and once in the waxing room I had an iffy feeling. The walls were lime green and there were gross photos of before and after shots of people with ingrown hairs, bad skin etc. hanging up. ew.The door opens right into the waiting area so I was a little scared of it opening and other clients seeing me exposed. Irina or whatever her name is uses regular old wax. I live in Los Angeles and my regular waxing place uses special wax for the nether regions and keeps the pain to a minimum. The entire wax didn't take too long, Irina was quick and got the job done, but I was in so much pain after. I was red, inflamed and very tender. It took three days for things to finally settle and when they did...it was a big 'ol mess! I can't even count how many ingrown hairs I ended up with and hair was growing back within a week! The place I go to in LA keeps me smooth, no ingrown hairs and feeling like it was money well spent for at least a month! It's been 6 weeks and only now is everything starting to look and feel normal down there. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone...not even my worst enemy. STAY AWAY. This place sucks.Also, to anyone needing a wax in Los Angeles...got to QUEEN BEE WAXING...it's the bomb and you won't feel like your wallet was raped for what felt like a very inexperienced and unprofessional job.SERENITY BEAUTY SPA SUCKS!!!!
