Took my mom here for her birthday, it is very pricy, but once you get there they treat you like royalty. From scheduling my appointment, to arriving there early and getting served "berry tea," to the massage and facial I got, this place was truly an unforgettable experience for my family. We are going again in November!
Zen Heaven! I've been lucky enough to receive a gift certificate from my other best friend to a treat at the Mandarin Oriental Spa in Columbus Circle.  I made an appointment for a facial in the evening and was pleasantly surprised by the amenities.  **Tip: Arrive an hour before your appointment to take full advantage of the amenities!  If you forget a swimsuit, they provide you a little disposable undergarment. After being greeted with slippers and some mountain berry tea (yum), I was given a brief tour around the Spa: the Locker room where you get a robe, Heat room and Relaxation room.  The Spa was completely empty as it was a Monday night which meant full-privacy!  The hot tub in the Heat Room is large with a bench and reclined bed so the jets hit your whole body.  The Relaxation room is very peaceful with the mood lighting, comfy couches, cozy blankets, magazines, and snacks (dried apricot, dried cherries, nut medly).  There was also a big canister of water with orange slices in them.  I do have to point out, sadly, one minor detail: the boat fountain or heater in the Relaxation room made a whirring sound that was a tiny bit distracting.  Other than that, my visit was exquisite. After my facial, which was absolutely amazing (Patricia), you are free to continue about the Spa for your second dip in the tub and nap in the Relaxation room.  Although it is pricey, this modern Spa provides excellent service and comfort.  I was there till late, and no one kicked me out!  Today, my face is as soft as a baby's butt! I definitely recommend this as a gift as it leaves quite an impression as someone else noted in a review!
This place has excellent customer service and facilities. I came here for a pedicure with my boyfriend and thought it was a good experience. It was definitely on the pricey side (not sure if it's worth it since the massage was only about 10 minutes---for guys it's longer since they don't need polish) but I enjoyed my experience. I want to note the water facilities are not co-ed.
Was gifted a triple score for the spa her for my birthday, complete with hot stone massage, facial, and mani/pedi. The water room was a lot of fun to explore before my treatments began and I had it all to my self up until the moment I left, but the massage was meh, and the facial didn't make my skin look any better than when I came in (oily problem skin). The mani/pedi was decent, with the flower soak being less exciting than it looks. Over all a positive experience, but I wouldn't go back or recommend it unless someone was really really into rain showers and jumbo jacuzzi pools.
Really unique and antique...!! It is just like heaven and they are to take care of me like heavenly way. Great decoration, just mind blowing. Waiting here is just a paradise stair. Love it...!! You may come here with greater expectation.
"Momma, what's heaven like?" "Go to the Mandarin Spa." "And then I'll know what it's like is heaven?" "No, but you won't care anymore." The End.
I'm really torn between giving The Spa at Mandarin Oriental 4.5 and 5 stars.  I can't say this is the most amazing spa I've been to which would warrant 5 stars.  But indeed it was a lovely experience in which all my senses were able to unwind and relax.   The key point between this spa and other world class spas is the location, view and service.  This spa is located on the lobby level of the Mandarin Oriental, but don't let that fool you as this spa is at least 30 something floors above the Time Warner Center overlooking Central Park and Midtown West of NYC.  All the windows in the spa, heat experience, treatment rooms, tea room, and relaxation room have expansive windows coupled with the beautiful sunlight gives you a gorgeous view.  Each of the rooms have teas or citrus water to ensure you are hydrated. The locker room was kept clean and had all the finishing touches women needed, moroccon oil hair products etc. The reason why I choose this spa over others because of their Heat Experience.  I was disappointed with the Heat Experience.  They segregate men and woman's facilities which is nice if you want to truly unwind in privacy but takes away from all the actual products they could provide if they had a larger space.  The heat experience had a jacuzzi tub, rain shower, and steam room.  I wished they had a sauna as well. I did like that they were very responsive and I was able to book a reservation through email.  I had the oriental essence massage with a female therapist.  Thought the massage overall was a 8.5/10. Great service from checking in, to attendant in the locker room, to treatment and checking out.
WOOOOOOW. The service was perfection and really truly completed the Mandarin experience. Expect an over-the-top greeting complete with tea service :) The spa facilities themselves are variable. Overall the locker room and shower area was small and slightly dated. The shower and sauna/jacuzzi area was slightly above average, but there was nothing special. The RELAXATION ROOM is absolutely unforgettable. The temperpedic couch beds are amazingly comfortable with soft pillows. You feel like you are floating on clouds as you gaze out at the peaceful view of Central Park and the NYC skyline. My treatment of choice was the classic mandarin massage which I loved. The massage itself was great but I hate when there's no satisfying ending (like a head massage or a quick foot rub, etc) Overall the mandarin is the best spa I have been to in NYC. The service matches Vegas spas (ie Encore) but the facilities fall a little short. The service made my experience amazing and I will be back shortly!! PS they give you a mandarin makeup pouch in your locker! I love the cute details!
Going to the spa at the Mandarin Oriental is a first class experience. I've never enjoyed a day at the spa more. The views are gorgeous, the facility is clean, the atmosphere is relaxing and the staff cater to your every need.   I had a "repose" half day spa gift certificate that included lunch. I booked for a Wednesday mid-morning and the spa was near deserted, which enhanced my experience (too many other people around ruins the spa experience for me). I had a wonderful customized massage and a facial. I luxuriated in the vitality pool. Lunch was light and delicious. I left feeling like a new person. :-) PS: If you are shy, bring a bathing suit for the vitality pool! It is not to be missed, but I personally wouldn't have gone in nude if other women were in there.
As a treat for my birthday my friend took me to the Spa a the Mandarin Hotel. We only used the facilities (jacuzzi, steam room, sauna) and it was one of the best Spa experiences I ever had. The staff was courteous, welcoming, friendly. They had this cute pouch with toothbrush, toothpaste, hair brush and razor. Bottle of water were available upon request. The atmosphere was peaceful, relaxing, quiet. There was a relaxing/reading room with an amazing view of Manhattan. Healthy snacks: fruits (bananas, grapes, peaches, mandarines, apples, etc...), dried fruits, nuts, dried cranberries. The products available to use (e.g. shampoo, conditioner, body moisturizer) felt good and had a nice barely-there scent. The experience was great. Whether you go solo, as a couple or with a group of friends, its sure to be a magnificence experience.
I admit it. I'm LURVE massages...and post offices. But nonetheless...massages. Living in NYC gives you tons of reasons to be. With that being said, I was gifted an oriental massage and I eagerly awaited my Mandarin experience. The SPA is gorgeous as is the hotel. You're welcomed by an extremely professional yet friendly front desk who take your coat and shoes upon check in. You're given slippers and a lavender infused hand towel for your hands/face as well as tasty tea. (They had me at tea!) You're given a brief tour of the spa facilities which include an amazing vitality pool (which I will praise in a few), crystal steam shower, a relaxation room, and comfy waiting area. Now here's my review of the space and service: Locker rooms are nice. Truthfully nothing exceptional. The waiting area for your service is beautiful. You're on the 35 floor overlooking Manhattan sitting on a plush couch with ornate pillows surrounding you. The massage starts after you discuss problematic areas w/your masseuse. I had Kazumi who was small in stature but strong everywhere else. I like deep massages so her pressure was just the right amount to work out the many kinks I had. The actual massage room is perfectly decorated in dark wood, gray rock appliques on parts of the floor & plantation shutters for your desirable amount of sunlight during your massage. Truly zen. Post massage, I headed to the relaxation room where I drank orange water, laid on a bed and stared out into the mad city I escaped from. Did I mention the views are impeccable? After lounging there, I headed straight to the vitality pool where I disrobed and let the water jets finish what Kazumi started. Delightful. Needless to say, after showering, getting dressed and checking out, I didn't want to leave. I felt like relaxed Jello the remainder of day. Can't remember the last time I physically felt that loose and relaxed.The Spa at Mandarin is what all spas aspire to be. Inviting but not stuffy. Is it pricey? Holy Moses it is. Is it worth it, if you can afford it? Absolutely. HELPFUL TIP: The vitality pool has an actual reclined bed like bench where you can lay down and have the jets go to town on your entire body. I recommend it! :-)
"Worth Every Penny...If You Have an Extra 50,000 Laying Around" Yes, I scrounged 50,000 pennies from my piggy bank to spend one glorious afternoon at the Spa at the Mandarin Oriental.  After lugging my sack of change through the hot, sweaty streets of Manhattan, I was ready for the cool respite of the 35th floor, high above the throngs of grossy people.   You are greeted at the front desk with tea and spa slippers before you walk back for a tour of the treatment rooms and water therapy room.   I picked the Spa because I had a hankering for a jacuzzi and water therapy pre-treatment.  I feel in love love love with the water therapies at the Wailea resort in Maui, and was looking to re-create a teensy bit of that experience in NYC.  Knowing that teensy-ness would apply to the size of any spa in NYC, I was overjoyed to find a wade-in jacuzzi pool.  One side has an immersed chaise lounge built of metal tubes.  You can have a lie down on the metal tubes and the jets and bubbles come from underneath you, so you're nestled in a jetty-bubbly-uplifting-rollicking water bed of actual water.  I did not move for 25 minutes until my treatment started. The Spa is not a place to cheap out, so I opted for the 2 hour Time Treatment, where you basically customize your 2 hour treatment.  I ended up opting with their suggestions.  I started with a body scrub-first a brush down with a hard brush, then a slathering of minty exfoliating rub.  An all-over mini-massage to smooth out your skin.  After a quick hop in the en suite shower, I had a long, luxurious traditional massage with some sports massage thrown in to ease my tired muscles.  Followed by a facial massage (not a real facial, I don't do those) and a scalp masage.  During the 2 hour treatment, I entered a zen-like blissful state, not quite sleeping and not quite dreaming but just luxuriating in the warm, enveloping feeling of having my muscles pulled and prodded into mush.   Afterwards, I napped in the relaxation room, sipping orange water, noshing on dried apricots and nuts, watching the leaves blossom in Central Park.  Then headed to the locker room to slowly dress and return to reality.  My skin was smooth, my muscles melty, my mind blank as I was whisked down the elevator to the hot, mean streets of Manhattan... (...and MSG for HOCKEY...where I promptly lost all Zen in chanting "fight! fight! fight!) This girl would make the Manadarin a monthly-must-do if it weren't for having to haul all those troublesome pennies.
The Spa at the Mandarin Oriental was such a luxurious experience. I had an hour to wait before my appointment and fully enjoyed the time to myself. The pool and sauna  provided such a relaxing vibe. Aside from that Patricia was fantastic. Her energy combined with her knowledge and skills left me feeling rejuvenated. I certainly will go back again to see her.
I prefer to come here during the day. The spa is immaculate and so is the service.  The locker rooms are spacious and the relaxation room is comfortable - if you can get it alone - the beds  (which seem to have a sheet you could pull around them) face one another and are close, but comfortable with a great view to the side. MASSAGE The massage was mediocre - hence the rating -surprisingly average at best. The therapist actually rubbed something the wrong way and it was painful. I have never experienced that before, even in much cheaper institutions. The overall massage outside of that was average. PRIVACY For the most part you can have privacy - its hard to generalize, but the lack of manners by those who feel its okay to stare in the locker room was better here. In other words the clientale (older) was more on the discreet side *but not entirely*(younger). I usually find employees at high end places tend to have an attitude - not those that assist you directly but those who do peripheral but nonethless important work  - resentment perhaps- but here they treat it like an art- well trained in making you feel special. ATMOSPHERE The steam room and whirlpool are well done- spacious for New York. Bright day light views - you can see into other buildings. ETIQUETTE Women only designated areas and you are allowed to go nude or topless if you want - or with disposable undergarments should you forget your own. RECOMMENDATION If you are thinking of giving this as a gift for someone I would recommend it 100%.  It leaves an impression.
It's the Mandarin Oriental... any treatment or service from this place is guaranteed to be well done. Was not disappointed! My masseuse gave me the hardest massage I've ever had.(I was actually sore!)  It was a really really long week so had way too many knots to get out in an hr session. However, whatever was massaged out stayed that way for a few days. Also, beds are heated! My favorite part of the massage was the windows in the room. Huge fan of natural light so we had the blinds open during the session. YAY! Relaxation room was also pretty fantastic
THIS is how you do a spa day. Going here for massages has honestly spoiled me to the point where a massage anywhere else seems pointless. You get what you pay for and the service and treatments are AMAZING. I was experiencing back pain and the masseuse evaluated my pain, massaged it out, then gave me advice to prevent it from happening again. The facilities are spotless. The robes are warm, soft, and fluffy. I love that if you book a body treatment, you get use of all the facilities all day - the jacuzzi, the steam room, the sauna, the showers, the "relaxation' room, complete with healthy little snacks, teas, and citrus water. The views from every room are to die for. Spend one day here and you'll leave feeling like you've been on vacation for two weeks.
That's a really nice experience of New York I had. I was so tired walking around NYC street and tried to find a closest spa around my spot. At first I thought it was oriental by its name. But nothing but the name. I called in just 5 mins before I arrive because I were already at the NYC Ballet center. They took the credit card info, and gave me the spot available. Well, so technically you can just walk in I think. If I had more time I would spend 1 more hour in the relaxation area and enjoy more the view from 35th floor. But I was too hungry already :D. So I left after the treatment and short relaxation in the oxyzen pool. Everything is nice, the attitude, the treatment. Oh I love the heated bed, I felt so comfortable warm during the massage, which I rarely feel anywhere else. (I'm so sensitive with the cold).  Everything is exactly what is rated as one of the best spas in the world... $300 for 50 mins, worth every penny. Just one thing I dont really like is the slippers, they are not comfortable at all.... and they look really ugly...
I'll be honest, for $400 my experience should have been great. Instead I was met with condescending attitudes & poor service. My massage was wonderful. The support staff was absolutely insulting. I was told when booking that i would be asked what kind of massage I wanted (I was thinking deep tissue as I'm big 6-3 275) instead i was automatically slotted into a therapeutic massage. Unbelievably disappointing. The heat experience was nice, tranquil, but there was a portable hospital/hospice  chair lift in the room. Not tucked away, right next to the pool. So I'm soaking trying to think about wellness & relaxation while staring at something that is SCREAMING accident/bad/injuries. I VERY (i stress VERY because i know it was a silly ask) nicely asked them if they could just roll it out for a while to ease my stress (I was the only person using the room for 4 hours) & before i finished the sentence they said they couldn't in-case someone needed it. It's on wheels, portable, if your guest needed it they would have to call you to help operate it. $400 later I received terrible service & a stressful scenario. I will honestly never return & not only talk poorly about it, but recommend against it.
This spa is one of the best.  The staff is very solicitous and helpful.  The VIP suite is fantastic with a gentle whirlpool, great views, plenty of fruit and water and a relaxing oasis for a few hours.   We've also tried the cleansing treatment which is also quite good.  Kelli T did an excellent job when we visited explaining the treatment and tailoring as need be.   About the only thing that was surprising was the lack of combs in the mens locker room...
I had high expectations for this place, but was disappointed with my massage and facial (that were definitely not cheap at all). The staff are nice, but the woman who did my facial talked too much during my facial about how great my skin will be after and all the ingredients she was using. It was non stop talking. My skin did not get better and my acne was worse afterwards. The massage was nothing special at all, I could have gone anywhere for it. The only good thing was the steam room and nice facilities, but I don't think it was worth the $. :/
This spa is the most luxurious elegant, beautiful high end spa in the entire 5 boros no question! I have been to most of the spas in the city and can give truthful details. Expect to be wowed by the beauty and elegance. It is unmatched in the city. That is a fact. Many of the spas in the city are really just high end salons. I think if anyone works and lives in NYC a spa is almost a necessity due to the stress and demands of living and working in the most high energy and high demand city in the US. Having said all of that , here is my  educated opinion of this spa. The pros. 1. the most beautiful relaxing spa in the city period. There are no competitors. A lot of money was spent putting it together. 2. if you are looking for a relaxing day an oasis from the stress of the city, need a mental health day , or or on your honeymoon and want to try the couples room The Mandarin Oriental is unmatched! 3. highly trained professionals who are trained to give you your space and not crowd you and to talk softly so your day is relaxing and you get the feeling of not being in NYC. 4. the services themselves are only as good as the professionals giving them. Here is a little secret that is just common sense and it can apply to other industry's as well ,there is no such thing as a spa with all of the best employees. They are the same people who have worked in other spas in the city and landed a job here. You can get a top employee or a mediocre one. the cons 1. the turn around of employees is incredible. They can't seem to hold onto anyone so if you call for a treatment with an employee you like the problem is you may not get them the next time since they may have moved on. So either it is run poorly or they do not treat their employees well. A happy employee makes for a return customer  this is just common sense but they do not seem to have figured that out (whoever runs it) 2.The employees cross the line( in my opinion) of being professional and cold across the board. What I mean is they all seem to be like trained soldiers and possibly afraid to lose their jobs so they can't be relaxed in the services they provide. 3. It is not like going to  a great hair salon where the name of the stylist is what draws you. There is too much turn over for that kind of following here in my opinion. I went to one spa for years and had the same person do my facials. I do not know if that exists here. It does not seem possible. 4.the 4th and worst part to me is the main reason I can't give it 5 stars. The times I went ( I haven't been in a few  years) the way they charge is not understandable or even fair in my opinion. I do not want to have to get a calculator and try to figure out the price. Just give me the price straight up ,what is the problem with that?  It goes beyond the expense. I would assume it would be expensive with the money they put into it. You won't find this level of high end spa else where in the city. But the way they charge was backwards and in my opinion not fair. The way they charge is not per treatment. Example there is not a set price for the facials. You buy time blocks. Almost time shares it is so expensive. You can't prepare for the amount you will spend since there is not a set price. There were no prices on the web site. I feel this pricing system is some what deceptive. You have to practically  be a math genius to even begin to understand this system. If they had set prices on the site and were upfront about it, I might change my mind. So bottom line I would only recommend it if you have tons of money to burn. Just being there it is a calming and lovely. I would recommend it for honeymoons or special occasions. I can't even begin to describe the beauty and luxury of it! Again there is nothing else like it, no other competition in the city! But the pricing system is so stressful that it takes away from the other wise lovely experience. I can't afford to go any more so that is my experience with it. For the average New Yorker looking for stress relief I would say the cost is too much but  it is a special occasion place for sure! Probably better for tourists or those with expense accounts. Again it is not the price I am talking about. It is the pricing system and in my opinion it is deceptive and ends up to be stressful dealing with it. Just simplify it and put prices on the web site!
Again, amazing.  It's a very close second compared to the experience I had at the Peninsula.
i love this place.  love!  if the spa at MONYC were looking for a wife, this little piggy would volunteer!  Had the best massage of my life when I was staying here last summer for my birthday.  Ever since, I've been on a quest to find something that approaches the same level, hence my latest list, Piggy's Ultimate Spa Tour! Staff: ultra polite, friendly & helpful Massage Therapist: clearly blessed with supernatural massaging skills (^(oo)^)v Facilities: spotless, well laid out, serene and beautiful Relaxation / hot tub / sauna / steam room areas: spacious, fantastic views of the city, quiet Treatment rooms: spacious, city views, and they put a little flower arrangement under the table for you to look at when you're facedown on the table, how cute! well?  why are you still here and not off booking your appointments people?!?  (^(oo)^)
By far the worst spa experience I've ever had!  Having been to many amazing spa's in my life, I was not impressed. I took my best friend here for her birthday thinking I can't go wrong.  Its Mandarin Oriental, one of the best luxury spas in NY right?  Wrong!  I've had better spa days at my local nail salon.   The disappointment begins when you walk into the waiting area that's too small and just blah.  You are greeted by unfriendly spa employees who lead you into the 100 degree locker room. I understand it's a spa and spa's are kept warm on purpose but this was unnecessary.  Who wants to be soaking wet with sweat before their treatment?  Shouldnt the changing area be a little cooler than the heated facilities? At one point It got so bad that my friend and I complained to the attendant who told us that people like it this hot and there was nothing she could do about it.  The slippers they provide you with are disgustingly worn out and I refused to put them on my feet.  My friends amenity kit had a used mouthwash inside.  I used what I assumed was eye makeup remover because it said so on the bottle and it burned my eye so badly I couldnt stop tearing.  Not sure if that was really eye makeup remover or if someone switched bottles.  The whirlpool had no cold plunge pool nearby and no ice or cold towels in sight.  There was absolutely no escaping the heat!  When it came time for my facial I was looking forward to getting some sort of relief, but again with the temperature issues.  The treatment room was boiling hot! I told the girl to please do something about the heat otherwise I wouldn't be able to continue with my facial.  Which was definitely not worth the $300+ I paid. She didn't pull my hair back or put a terrycloth headband around my head, so my hair kept getting in the way.  I didn't receive any sort of hand/arm massage which is customary when getting a facial. She slapped on a mask or two and massaged my face and it was over.  As we were getting changed in the dreaded locker room, my friend and I got so nauseous from the heat we threw our clothes on and ran out like lunatics.  I was so upset about how the day turned out.  I tried to give my friend a nice birthday present and it turned to s*#+. We ended up complaining about our experience, which I never do, to the manager and got some sort of a discount. I wish I could get that entire day back along with the $600 I wasted.  There are so many better spas to go to, don't waste your time or energy on Mandarin.
I have been to the spa at Mandarin Oriental before - in both Miami  and London - and was impressed at both those locations.  The New York locale, however, needs to work out a lot of kinks.  Although my massage ok, one of my friends could only describe her massage as being as painful as chinese water torture - no pun intended.  Its sad when the masseuse gives you extra time and you are wishing it would end.  The space is beautiful and reception and check in are exceedingly polite and organized.  For the price however, there are much better choices in NYC and I will be going back to Cornelia or Great Jones......
amazing facility, when you come to a spa you really want to relax and leave everything back and this is the place to do so you forget your in new york until you see the amazing view of central park from above. the facials are really good one of the bests massages are good too but not the top in the city rooms are really good basically its worth spoiling your self or a dear one at the Mandarin
The spa here is amazing.  while the locker room for the men is nothing special, the relaxation area is great and also the treatments are amazing!!  Nicollette and Edita and Lisette were all FABULOUS!!  We left relaxed and ready to take on the world again.  Highly recommended.  this was our second time there and it once again exceeded expectations. You get what you pay for here!
Perched on top of the 35th floor of the time Warner center is this little gem of a spa. A quick tip.. Get there early to spend time in the heated jacuzzis and steam room. The bathrooms are amazing and have the best bath products to wash up after your treatment. The floors are even heated which was a nice surprise when I stumbled out of my clothes & my barefoot hit the warm floor. They also take your shoes as soon as you enter the spa so there are no worries about the floor in the bathroom being dirty. The robes are plush and soft and comfortable to relax in the waiting room. The treatment rooms Are state of the art equipped with floor to ceiling windows with great views and electronic beds that can be risen and dropped with the press of a button. The therapist asks if u would like scented or unscented oil. I chose scented & was brought over to a table in the room with different scents & chose their signature blend, which smelled great. I had a deep tissue massage and the techniques the therapist used were nothing that I have experienced ever before & it was fantastic. The pressure was just right and I felt like a new woman after I left. The massage was expensive just under $300 for 50 min including tip but it was one of the most relaxing experiences & definitely worth it.
The best anniversary present my husband has given me so far .....my vitamin infused facial was amazing!  I have been to both the DC and Miami MO spas.  Loved them both.  Miami has the best atmosphere....no city streets right outside... but NYC  had amazing customer service. I went on a Monday morning so I had the entire place to myself--much more relaxing than a crowded weekend. My esthetician was incredibly friendly,  knowledgeable and took time to sincerely explain why this facial was so amazing!  Collagen mask,  OJ-smelling vitamin scrub...it left my face glowing. The humming drill from construction that I heard in the waiting room was really the only iffy moment for me.  I don't understand why so many people say this spa is a bit over-rated. Yes it is very expensive...$305 = tip for my 80 minute facial.  But you can use the spa facilities and basically make it a good 3 hour session of BLISS if you'd like.  For a special occasion --make the jump to MO and enjoy it.  The massages are probably great,  but I loved my facial so much that I would request it again for a special special gift.   I left smelling like patchouli flowers and spices.  I felt divine...and I was shocked that as I walked through the lobby to leave--I was 1000% more relaxed and blissful than when I came in. I say-it IS worth it.
Best spa in NYC, but not necessarily best spa in the world.  Either way, it deserves a 5-Star rating.  It's a true oasis from the city.  I will definitely be back after I have the baby.   Check-in was professional and quick.  Locker/shower room was very pleasant, spacious, clean. I was there on a Saturday afternoon, and I felt like I had the whole locker room to myself.  It was very peaceful. Being pregnant, as an alternative to using the steam room, they suggested the pool one floor above.  I took advantage of that and was able to relax for a good half hour in the water. The treatment waiting room was also spacious and clean.  The spa is on the 35th floor, so it was nice to be away from any street level noise.  The view of the west side was nice too. Now to the treatment itself. The only treatment I can review is the pre-natal massage, and it was pretty amazing.  The first few minutes were spent fiddling around with their cushions...they don't use tables with a belly-hole in it (which is not recommended anyway by doctors)...they use these adjustable cushions made to prop up the torso with a divet in the middle for the pregnant belly.  Since I'm late in my 3rd tri, I couldn't get completely comfortable with the cushions, so we did a side-lying massage.  The lady knew exactly how to position me on my side with towels and cushions...the table was electronically controlled (think craft-matic adjustable bed:), so she positioned my upper body so that there was no pressure on me.  Perfect! After that it was an hour and 20 minutes of bliss.   The relaxation room was wonderful too.  The beds were plush and positioned to give maximum privacy.   The only bad thing was leaving the spa into the rush of the city.  Seriously, I should have just hopped into a car and gone home.  This might sound melodramatic, but getting knocked around and watching all the people in time warner center was so annoying.  I had to get out of there.
Going for facials anywhere can be a little nerve-racking if you have ever had a bad experience.  My last facial was about 3 years ago due to a horrid experience at a spa connected to my gym at the time where the person doing the extractions hurt me and made my face look like I was attacked by a man-of-war jellyfish. I had stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong and had a massage there so I had a good experience with the brand and decided to give the New York Spa a try.  The people who work here are very professional and serene.  The view is very nice and high up (35th floor).  The decor is very well thought out there is an amethyst steam room, a jacuzzi and a relaxation room post treatment. with lounge chairs and a partial view of central park. What I was most impressed with though was the facial I received especially with my phobia.  The lady that did it was either Swedish or Danish I know her name started with an E... and she was phenomenal.  I chose the nature facial and it was the best facial ever.  The massage technique on the face made relax right away and all the products were super soothing.  The scary part for me is the extractions even though my skin does not get very clogged I had been hurt before (see above).  I felt no pain it was expertly done I just felt the slightest pressure no pain, no bleeding no swelling or other such nonsense.  The whole facial experience was ethereal.  By the end of it I was in a meditative state and completely at peace.  She was also very kind and not at all pushy with selling the products at the end which could sometimes ruin the experience for me.  I left glowing feeling ready to take on the world.  Mandarin Oriental & facial Lady I love thee!
We received a gift certificate to get the special couple's spa experience here.  It is incredible! First of all, I'm pretty sure you could make an uber-relaxing spa trip out of a massage and a visit to the crystal steam room and vitality pools.  The views are great, and the vitality pool is just heavenly.   If you book a treatment in the spa suite, however, it gets jaw-droppingly better.  The couples massage is in a spacious treatment room with large windows.  This suite has a tricked-out shower, a huge bathtub with its own window (my favorite feature!), a fireplace, and a giant East Asian-style fretwork bed.  It's luxe and airy.  I don't think it's possible for spa treatments to get any better than this in NYC. The massages were great.  We both felt completely liquid afterwards.  (My husband's favorite part of the experience was getting to lounge on the bed afterwards and have a delicious spa lunch.)
Everything about this Spa is Absolutely Amazing! By far my favorite place in NY. :-)
Wonderful (but pricey) spa. I usually go to Great Jones Spa, but received a gift certificate for this one and have to say, it was a lavish, lovely environment, and one of the most enjoyable facials I have ever had. My treatment was after work and looking out onto the Central Park/Upper Westside skyline at night was a beautiful added bonus.
There are no words for how special this place is.  I had a couples day at the spa as a gift from my sister in law. My hubby and I went.  We fell in love all over again.  Beautiful ambiance, the service impeccable, the therapists excellent.  Need I say more!
I am a bit obsessed with massages, and this is one of my new favorite places in the world for deep tissue (the other one being at white elephant spa in Nantucket, ma). Had a male masseuse who was very very professional (take my word for it). Facilities are quite nice too- jacuzzi overlooking central park is pretty sweet.
A few years ago, I did a spa package in Hong Kong which was amazing.  That was the best $500 I have spent in my entire life.  I could not imagine spending that much on any indulgence unless it were an uber special time (and for me it was being in HK) and it was worth every penny. I enjoyed a 50 min massage here in NY before.  I came in with my husband for an 80 min about a month ago and it was again, amazing - the service, the ameneties (water treatments), the actual massage.  I've never had other services except the massage at this location but this last time I had a guy named Alex.  He is the best therapist I've ever had in my life and I have had countless massages in my life from high end spas.  I've tried them all :) I have a bad back and sit in front of the computer all day so I joke that I typically have to get regular massages not for relaxation but for therapy just to get through another day.  I don't know what Alex did but I was beyond impressed.  I agree with the poster with the sentiment THIS is how you do a spa day.  It is pricey but I have not found another place other than somewhere out of the country or a destination spa that provides this level of service.
The spa is lovely and luxurious.  The steam room and jacuzzi are nice, and the area is very spacious, especially for NYC.  The massage itself was great, but I've had better masseuses.   This is great as a gift for someone, or if you are really looking to pamper yourself - little too expensive for the actual service provided though, or to go for regular massages (I paid $380 with a 20% mandatory tip included).
I visited the spa today as a last minute idea and luckily they had plenty of spots. I booked an appointment for a $90 pedicure which includes full use of the spa.  The service is "A+".  We walked in and upon registration we were offered a yummy homemade berry tea.  The receptionist escorted us to the locker room.  We received robes.  We spent the next 3 hours between the hot tub, steam room and relaxation room (overlooking the hudson).  Overall it is pricey, but worth the experience and service.  I forgot to mention the place is immaculate - Feng Shui all they way!
I am not someone who has any kind of beauty routine short of plucking the errant eyebrow hair so imagine what an incredible experience my facial was! I felt utterly spoiled and now I don't think I can ever go back to those days of neglecting my skin. I could get used to this!! Looking forward to my next one..
My day here was probably enhanced by the fact that I was the only one in the spa for several hours. I had blocked out my day for this, and no one rushed me out. The jacuzzi/steam room area was waaaay smaller than I expected for a property of this caliber (and price). But, being the only one there, it was like my private spa for the day, so that was really nice! The only downside was that the steam room wasn't working initially and I couldn't find anyone to help, but eventually someone came in and made it right. The staff seems very "auto-pilot" - like they were well-trained, and have very specific things they are supposed to say, but not one person was warm in any way. The tea was lovely (freshly made), but the set up of the waiting area is a little weird - even with a comfy seat it still felt like I was sitting in a cold hallway in my robe. The massage room had a great view which I saw for about 3 seconds, then I was face down and that was it. The therapist was a man (can't remember his name) and he was good - a solid massage - but not something I'd seek out at this price. He gave the full session time, and asked about pressure both before and during the session. No complaints, just for this exorbitant price and mandatory tip, I'll stick to solid therapists who are in a setting where they can give an actual healing massage, not a set routine as dictated by a corporate spa. For those with deep pockets who like fancy, this is probably as good as fancy gets in NYC.
I LOVED the spa facilities. The vitaliy pool (aka jacuzzi) was exceptional and though I'm not a steam room fan (saunas for me) this one was wonderful. The whole place is beautiful and so relaxing. Now about the massage...it was perfectly ok, but just ok. It was long and it defintely relaxed me but I have had many in my life and this one was maybe an 80 out of a hundred.
I came here with my mom and sister, all for pedicures. Let me start off by saying that it's a little difficult for me to rate spas, as I compare all of them to my gold standard, which is the Qua spa in Las Vegas, which is both fabulous and huge. However I have to say this place is very nice. It's small, but clean, though slightly lacking in bathroom amenities. Before my pedicure I used the water treatment area. The jacuzzi pool was very nice, not too hot, and I liked the bars that allowed you to lay in the bubbling water and relax. You did have to kinda hold onto the bars in order to stay in place, otherwise the bubbles will push you right off! The steam room, is hands down the best steam room I have ever been in, due in fact, to how the steam is generated. Rather than loud and overpowering jets of steam every couple of minutes, there's a big pot in the middle of the room, with stones on top, and the steam gently and quietly rises from the pot. There's also a shower to cool off between the steam room and the pool, with different settings. Definetely try the "fog" setting, which is this fun cool mist. This is the only room that was hot, so hot that they suggest you spend max 30 min in there, and I did have to step out midway and just cool off in the relaxation room. My pedicure was great, the woman's name was Carmela if I'm not mistaken, and she was very skilled and efficent, she really took her time in taking care of my feet. This visit was very enjoyable and we all left relaxed and happy, with very pretty toes!
I received an all day indulgence at the spa as a gift from my husband. Massage was so relaxing, facial put me to sleep. the entire ambience from the staff to the lounge matches what you pay. you really feel like a princess getting a treatment from here. living in the city with constant noise, this is is an excellent escape to serenity.
