Yayyyy!! What a great place to get a facial!!! My facialist was really sweet and caring, and she asked me lots of questions about allergies and skin history, etc. The place is clean and the decor is totally my style. You should totally get a facial here!!!
take care has helped immensely with my asthma.  I have worked with the staff to learn about emotional and dietary changes in my life in order to let go of my need for a daily preventative steroid inhaler (symbicort) the mind-body work made available to me at take care has been an essential component in my journey to wellness take car is a place of healing, whether you have back pain,emotional trauma, asthma, acid reflux, migraines, anxiety, depression, etc. Please stop in and see what take care is about.  your life will change almost immediately
I loved the facial I got from Sarah and it was beyond fabulous.  She worked on half of my face and showed me the results and it was amazing.  The other side of my face felt tired and puffy.  After the final result, I felt relaxed, awake and rejuvenated.  It's like getting a face lift without the surgery.  Unlike other facials, you can walk out and not feel embarrassed.  There are no red marks, no blemishes, no unwanted reactions!  I also love the use of the steam shower.  Before or after your treatment, you can relax in the shower and release any toxins.  I am definitely going on a monthly plan.
Take Care Yoga, clean, Relaxing Boutique Spa. Place I went and shaved some years of my appearance after few sessions I liked my looks, to bad I didn't continue... Hope to be back.
I had a chance to visit this spa on a recent trip to NYC based on a friends recommendation. She sent me there because it is right next to my favourite restaurant, and thought I could kill two birds with one stone. Needless to say, the massage I had there was  wonderful and rejuvenating. I really needed that after having been walking all around and feeling exhausted. The atmosphere is very calming, and it took me away from the hustle bustle feel I was feeling from the city on my visit.
Take Care Center for Body-Mind Regeneration is the exquisite new oasis on St. Marks Place. The Care-Takers, Sadie Adams, her sister Tess and Sarah, deliver the kind and skillful recuperation that their name promises. They tend to every detail of their guests' experience with grace. Having visited on my best of days and my worst, I'd recommend Take Care beyond their excellent menu of services, for an urban refuge and solace, whatever your weather may be. Just for example: I didn't know I'd lost my smile until Sadie recovered it with her micro-current (are they magic?) wands. What could be more encouraging than that? Thank you Sadie, Tess and Sarah, for all you do.
The staff at Take Care were knowledgable and professional!  I'd never had a facial rejuvenation treatment before so I didn't know what to expect. Their state of the art facility, great location and amazing results made a repeat customer out of me!
This place was awesome. It is clean and the staff is great. I had some serious back  pain after a car accident and got a great massage here. I'd go back.
Best micro-current facials in nyc. Very elegant and calming atmosphere. The estheticians are very professional and knowledgeable. I've had Tess and Sarah, they are both fantastic. I will definitely be a regular here.
The atmosphere is serene and calming, and the facials are amazing.  I've had numerous micro-current facials with Tess and Sadie, and consistently experience deep, calming meditative states during the facials and look 10 years younger afterwards.
The facials at Take Care are sublime. When i see the appointment on my calendar, i start to breathe in relief knowing i will be pampered and cared for in the gentlest and most detailed manner. i easily drop into deep relaxation with the sounds of ocean waves in the background, the subtle scents of candles, and the softest touch that has me leave with dewy fresh skin and a rejuvenated mind. Take Care is a beautiful, very relaxed and welcoming little gem of a local spa.
I have been working with the Take Care team for almost 2 years.  The micro-current facial is fabulous!  My skin looks great and this facial is keeping other more invasive  procedures at bay. I recently added body patches while having the facial and love how my arms and abdomen look.  Sadie, Tess, and Sarah are fantastic!  Take Care  is an oasis in New York City. It is inviting, relaxing, nurturing and the treatments work wonders. Patty T. New York
