Allison and Adina are amazing masseuses. They are licensed and expert at working out all the kinks in your back. Great at having interesting conversations or just letting you relax into the massage. This is my monthly medicine.
I am so glad that I finally got to stop in for a massage! Joanna, my massage therapist was so pleasant and so funny. It was my first massage ever and she made me feel so comfortable! She explained everything she was doing, step by step. I was so relaxed after the massage that WWIII could have started outside and I wouldn't have noticed a thing! This was my first, and surely won't be my last massage. Thank goodness I found a spot that has great service and won't break my bank!
I've been desperatly trying to find a good massage therapist that wouldn't break my bank.  Yelp brought me to Eastside Massage and one day, I was finally able to get an appointment. Since I have a minor curve (scoliosis) in by back and I sit all day or stand in heels, I get significant back pain.  I'm also a pretty avid athlete so my muscles become very tight.  Having someone who can provide very strong pressure is important to me. Rachel was my therapist and I could tell she really cared about my pain and talked with me in the begining to see which areas I needed the most work on. She did an awesome job.  My back was still a bit sore for a few days after, but a few weeks later I realized my back wasnn't hurting as much as it use to.  I'm really happy the massage took and I no longer sit at my desk in pain. I'm so happy I found this place and I plan to come back.
There is no place better in NYC to get a better massage! I've seen a few of the massage therapist there and they were all beyond amazing, they have great knowledge on how to treat your problematic areas of your body. (for me, my neck, shoulders, and calves, thanks to my desk!) I can't stop raving about this place to my family & friends the atmosphere is relaxing and peaceful. The 4 therapist I've seen were all wonderful and delight to work with. Another I loved was the MT had a brief consulatation before my massage, I was not rushed into filling out a ton of paperwork, or rushed into the room. I was relaxed from the time I walked in and left the place. I was given my full time and their was no wait! The receptionist is a delight! I will not get another massage anywhere else other than Eastside Massage!
4.5 stars!  Everyone is friendly, and I had a very good massage with Sam.  Excellent first experience, I'll be back!  Would love to see expanded options, like body scrubs, facials, reflexology, etc.
I had a massage here a couple of weeks ago.  I have a herniated disc and some other neck issues and have been having some issues with it, and my doctor suggested a massage to see if it would help.  I've gotten regular massages before (Swedish) which are relaxing but I doubted if a massage like that would help. Enter Marilyn.  She listened intently for my neck and arm issues, and asked many questions that showed she understood anatomy and nerve issues.   She gave me a deep tissue massage focusing on my head and neck for the bulk of the hour.  Let me tell you, I had never had such a thorough massage. My shoulder and back were a bit tender the next day, but I had NO pins and needles feelings or frozen shoulder for at least a week and a half to two weeks afterwards.  The massage did more for me than prednisone/physical therapy/antiinflammatories had done!  I'm a fan!
Perfect.  Professional, clean, no wait, no skimping on the duration of the massage, heated tables, friendly environment, very reasonable prices.   Went for first time yesterday and saw Barbara.  She applied just the right amount of pressure and I left relaxed and happy.   Will be back as soon as possible!
Yummy pain. That's what Julie, my therapist called our session. Very true. It hurt...a lot. But it was a good pain, and she spent the whole hour working out the tons of knots I have in my back and shoulders. I was very sore the next day. I would highly recommend her -- she knows her stuff and is excellent.
Ask for Rose. Best massage I've ever had!!!! The perfect touch. She listened to exactly what I wanted and I felt so great right after, and for days after!
For the quality of massage, immaculate facility, and price - Eastside Massage deserves 5 stars. My boyfriend bought me a massage w/ Suzanne for last night.  Between the stress of applying to graduate schools and my 2x weekly physical therapy sessions to strengthen my posterior tibial tendon (torn about a year ago, repaired earlier this year), I've felt significant tension in my neck, shoulders, hips, and legs for the past several weeks.  From the very beginning Suzanne asked all of the right questions about my injury and fully accomodated my request to have as deep a massage as necessary.  I love a firm massage; despite the mild discomfort I find that it makes a huge difference in how I feel.  Maybe it's also the sick satisfaction of feeling every last knot getting worked out of my body?  Afterwards Suzanne was willing to chat with me about where she felt the most tension and how to take care of my recovering tendon throughout the physical therapy process. Just a note on the facility itself, everything was spotless, warm, and relaxed.  The receptionist was very welcoming and the massage rooms were simple but very comfortable.  I'm not a frilly spa kind of girl and liked that it wasn't over the top. I can't say enough good things about Eastside Massage.  It's an excellent value for your money; I can't wait to go back.
I've been to this placemany times- had massage with multiple therapists, including Robin, Amber, Michelle, Julie- all of them are great! Today, I got lucky and Someone had cancellation at the lst minute. Teresa had her first day there- voila! She is great, very professional, listened, and provided exactly massage I was looking for. Very nice, personable and able to find all the painful trigger spots in my neck and back. Teresa, welcome, and keep it the same way!
Just across the street from me, great massages and both times I was completely satisfied. My only complaint is I told them the 1st time my GF I went that I saw the Yelp Discount Special and they never honored, went in this morning and was told they'd honor when I came in and they didn't! A little bummed by that.
After trying several times to get an appointment on the same day, I finally had a bit of luck last night. Now I understand why they are always so busy! I had a 90 minute massage with Sarah, and she was wonderful! Incredibly knowledgeable, just the right amount of pressure, totally professional. I'll absolutely go back to see her again. Honestly, it was one of the best massages that I've ever had, if not the best. They also have the best heating pads, very warm and heat up amazingly fast. I asked her about it, and apparently they are several hundred dollars. Oh well... The reception area is a bit small, but the room that my massage was in was cozy, reasonably quiet, very clean, and overal much nicer than I expected. Definitely recommend!
(3.5 stars) So I am again behind on my reviews! Setting up the appointment- Easy Finding the place- Easy Receptionist - Very nice and polite Wait time- less than 5 min Price- Good (especially for Manhattan which average massage will run you about 130 for 60 minutes) Therapist- I am sorry I do not recall her name as I am HORRIBLE with names but she was very nice and asked me where my problem areas were and if there was anything else I needed to tell her- Great Reason I am only giving 3.5 stars - the actual massage was lack-luster... I wanted a deep tissue massage which I have had in the past at other places(not in NYC since I'm originally from Florida) and been relieved of my Low Back Pain and neck issues, this massage didn't do anything for me. I'm sorry but it was more of a gentle rub then a knot removing massage! As for now I will continue my search for a good deep tissue massage in the city that will not be $150 or more...ahhh a girl can dream right?
The price was very reasonable. They are easy to find and located in a very nice neighborhood which isn't far from my work. The staff was nice. The wait was very brief. I felt comfortable there and welcomed. The reason I only give two stars is because to be perfectly honest, the massage wasn't very good. I have some physical issues, which I went in to in great detail prior, making sure to explain what needed the majority of the focus. However, that specific area wasn't given much time and another area was given predominant attention. I've had numerous, very intense, deep massages. I'm accustomed to those massages that may not feel relaxing but you can tell it's solving the problem. I've had physical therapy style, sports massages so I'm no wimp and I understand that in order to heal sometimes it's gotta come with pain. But the pain I was given was not therapeutic...it was just pain. And in fact it made me worse. It took a while for me to physically recover from my massage which was frustrating because I went in pain and I left in worse pain that progressed over the next few days. It took a good amount of work to get through my post-massage period. So my suggestion is go here if you need a basic massage and don't have issues that need addressing. I'd love to continue going here because I love the neighborhood and how convenient it is for me but I just can't go through that again.
The folks here really know their business. I explained my aches, one of which has to do with damage to really obscure muscle, and they got it right away. Sam was my man, and he did wonders. Not only was everyone nice, but they seemed content, which is a good sign that people like where they work, and that comes through to the clientele. Highly recommended.
This is an upscale chinense massage parlour with trained, professional persons. I was sitting around my apartment feeling sorry for myself because I'm sick. My body hurt and I needed a rubbing.  I didn't want to go to the chinese place down the street because I wanted to relax properly but I didn't want to go to a snooty spa. This place hit the spot perfectly. As another Yelper stated, this was a good blend of a medical clinic and spa.  The atmosphere is calm, quiet, and pleasant.  The massage room was clean and comfortable.  It feels like a clinic in that you must make an appointment, prior to coming. The staff wear scrubs and carry 'patient' charts. The spa feeling comes from the amber mood lighting and 'anya' playing in the background. I wouldn't come here if you were going to splurge or give the gift of massage for a special occassion.  I would come here when you want to feel good without all the frills. Get in and get out. And finally, the price is right.
I'm a guy that never had a lot of massages before.  But when my local chiropractor couldn't offer consistent treatments for my running pains, I decided to give massage therapy a try.  Based only on the online reviews of Eastside Massage Therapy, I booked an appointment with Lydia.  I felt comfortable knowing that all the therapists are NY State certified. The office is low-key, friendly and completely without a feeling of self-importance from the staff.  Lydia made me feel comfortable, asked several questions to find out what was bothering me and took time to explain the treatment.  I was so pleased that I've been back three times and I plan on making massage part of my post-run recovery routine.
Pros: - After three massages, I feel confident saying that everyone who works here is extremely talented and extremely professional. - Conveniently located in a space that is deceivingly large. - Lots of regulars, and yet I still feel like I want to come by more often. - All the therapists are very mindful of your comfort and concerns. - Good mix of men and women, both therapists and clients, if that is a concern for you. - Tipping method is super easy. - The sounds and smells you experience are relaxing and appropriate without being cloying. - Just a little "hippiness" -- the right amount of crunch.  I don't want the experience to be totally clinical, but I also don't want anyone telling me that my left nut chakra needs to be re-enlightened or any nonsense like that. - The administrative staff is very pleasant over the phone. - Prices were recently lowered (compared to last year, anyway) and gift card hours never expire (as of this review). Cons: - Appointment availability can be somewhat limited -- I guess an indication of lots of happy customers. - As hard as EMT tries to block sounds from the outside world, this is still New York, and you do get the occasional siren or car alarm during your massage. - EMT did not properly manage the amount of time left on my gift card. If I had not called the situation out, they would have given me several hours of massage free. Not that I mind, of course, but I wanted to make sure they got their paperwork straight. A minor complaint for me, but likely not for someone a clerical error does not favor. Would return: HELL YES Would recommend: YES
I found this place, thanks to Yelp. My neck and upper back had been really sore for a while and finally one day was the last straw--time for my first real massage! (I say that b/c the one other massage I had was totally weak--I need a little pain involved to feel like it's doing anything) I read the good reviews and then I went to their website--they have a coupon online for first-time visitors. ($75 instead of $80 for an hour) I think I had Erin. She was really nice and understanding about the fact that I had never had a real massage before, but she also listened to me, used just the right amount of pressure, and focused on my neck and upper back which was exactly what I needed. I was definitely sore the next few days but now it's been a little while and I want to go back.
It is untrue that I have given incorrect information; I called three times and left my address.  All the information I have given on my initial application is correct. In fact, you called me several times, once to tell me that you will send me a refund (which I did not ask for); but you never did, and you called several more times to threaten me with litigation if my post is not removed.  I stand by wholeheartedly by what I wrote.  It was a very  unpleasant experience for me.  You are making matters worse by lying.  As a matter of fact, I am so turned off by this experience that I have not received another massage, where I used to receive one three or four times a week.  Please take responsibility for the actions of your business, and use this as a learning experience to improve conditions at your place of business.  Again....a most unpleasant experience for me.
i've come back twice since my first appointment and also highly recommend rachel.  she's incredibly knoweledgeable in anatomy and what techniques would work with my particular ailments.  a wonderfully engaging professional who truly cares about her clients and healing them.
Since I am a college student going in to my Graduate studies soon so I am always looking for an economical price for myself! This place was wonderful because not only is it greatly priced for being located on the Upper east side but also the ambiance of it is great as well when you first arrive. I worked with Elizabeth (Massage Therapist) and this was my first massage ever, (it won't be my last); she was so in tune with my needs and definitely wanted to make my first massage as comfortable and relaxing as possible. She told me she would use a moderate pressure since it was my first time and she asked me what areas I wanted the most focus on and if it was ok for her to use heat.. (the heat was amazing and relaxing) I imagine this is what cloud 9 would feel like (=. I loved how attentive she was and as a first time client they always offer you a Welcome Back discount to return and receive $5 off your next massage.The receptionist are so friendly as well and ask if your experience was a good one. I will be coming back to this massage center!
Joanna is an excellent masseuse. I have only been here for prenatal massages and literally left feeling so refreshed and energized every time. I have sent my husband here for regular massages and he has been very happy with the results as well. The decor is simple and comfortable and relaxing. Highly recommend Eastside Massage! So glad to have a place like this nearby!
One of the customers where I work recommended Eastside Massage. I am so so glad she did! Kristina was amazing. My back was killing me and Kristina worked out the muscle and showed me how to stretch it. When I first laid down I was stressed about the crappy haircut I had just gotten and life in general. My mind was racing a mile a minute. By the time Kristina was done, I was imaging myself dancing on the beach in Morocco. Now that's talent!!!
You don't have to go to one of the glitzy spas for a terrific massage. The therapists here have trained at the swedish institute and therefore you're in very capable hands.  I've had two or three different massage therapists here and they've all tailored their massage to my specific needs and preferences.  They'll listen to you if you'd like to go lighter or harder, concentrate on one area, or the whole body.  I have tightness in my shoulders/ neck, which is very common, and one of the therapists showed me some exercises/stretches to do to relieve the tension build-up.  She did an excellent job with all my knotted muscles and I felt truly relaxed afterward.  I also didn't have to go through a spa shop to be bombarded with pricey products.   Also, good to know are their special promotions when you can buy a few massages at a discount.  Check their web site eastsidemassage.com.  At their current rate of $80/hour massage, the price/ quality ratio is very high. As long as you don't care about special oils and massage extras, then give it a try for your next relaxing, therapeutic massage treatment.
Went at the last minute for a very sore neck.  Would recommend.  Good price for real massage not just "back rub" like most low priced places in the city.  I will be back and recommend to friends.
Wow I had no idea I have so many "trigger points" or places where even the slightest pressure makes me squirm and wince. But my massage therapist found them and worked on them and now I feel a whole lot better.
I used to go here frequently when I lived on the UES. The staff gives great massages and are very knowledgable about injuries and how to best treat them. Reasonable prices for the service provided!
I saw Lorena for the first time this morning and she was wonderful! The center itself is a nice balance of clinical and spa-like zen. Each room is very well manicured with heated massage tables and individual sound systems. Lorena was very warm and professional and highly concerned with me getting exactly what I wanted and needed most out of the session...all of which I greatly appreciated. While work on my back is not completely finished yet, she made great headway in 90 minutes and made good suggestions for keeping nimble at home in-between sessions. I will definitely return again very soon.
Got a massage by Inna - very good! Would def come back, nice but not fancy, but great price point at $85 for an hour + tip
When I scheduled my appointment, I asked for a specific kind of massage. I was assured that the person I was assigned to knew how to perform this kind if massage. The person did not, even though I was very specific at the start of the session that I wanted a myofacial release massage. And during the massage, I repeatedly asked for more pressure and the therapist was simply unable to push deeper (or maybe didn't want to expend the energy). It's classic bait-and-switch. You're better off going to the spa at Equinox, where you'll get the type of massage you specify.
Excellent massage and a great price. $80 for an hour your first time, or every time if you are a student. The place was easy to find, clean, and not at all sketchy like some of the hole-in-the-wall massage places in NYC. The massage was relaxing and lasted the whole 60 minutes. The place was warm (the massage tables are heated!), the rooms are private, and the music was perfect. I only take off one star because my shoulders and upper back were quite sore the next day... the massage was very deep and firm but that was because I asked for it... I have a mountain range of knots back there. I will absolutely be back and just ask for a more moderate pressure next time.
I just experienced one of the best massages of my life! I am almost reluctant to share this because I want to keep this hidden gem all to myself. My massage therapist, Joanna, was amazing. How can anyone give this place less than 5 stars?? I understand that it does not have the sparkle and aesthetic appeal that maybe some larger spas have- but don't be fooled! This spot is all about addressing your pain, and the therapists really care about making you feel relaxed. There are no cheesy sales pitches for unnecessary products. Trust me, and do what your body (or back) has been begging you for. Go see Joanna.
Wonderful no-nonsense quality massages.  i love this place!
Excellent experience from check-in to exit. The massage was wonderful as my masseuse; Rose is a very talented professional.  She took time, as evident in our initial conversation, to review the enrollment form where I made reference to problem areas and request for the massage.  Rose was attentive beyond my conversation to the troubled areas (low back, hamstrings) as her evaluation identified some muscle spasm area as I indicated and a few others that I had not known there was deep spasm.  I will highly recommend Rose as your masseuse.  Great job all around.  I am returning to work with Rose again so to adequately work out the kinks.
I have a very tight back and neck, due to work stress and working out, general tension etc...and have been coming to Eastside Massage for a couple of years now and am always satisified with the results, I feel cured and pain free whenever I leave! My friend has been there for legs/knee problems (she's a runner) and feels the same!! we have never left unhappy!!! I have worked with many of the therapists, including Michelle, Liz, Denise to name a few and they are all absolutely amazing!!! Thank you Eastside Massage!!
great massage. the massage therapist here seem like they're physical therapist turn massage.
I've been coming here for years and it's frankly the only place worth the trek to the UES.  I've gotten massages at every price point all over the world and this is my favorite massage.  It's no frills and clean.  You come here for a fantastic massage and nothing else i.e. spa.  What makes it the best massage place in the city is that every masseuse I've gone to has been extraordinary and the price is excellent. They know how to give a great deep tissue massage and how to undo your knots.  In the years I've been coming, I've never had a less than extraordinary experience.
Update: Finally heard back from someone at Eastside Massage Therapy (who said she hadn't had access to emails for a while?! weird, you'd think SOMEONE at the business would be able to read & reply to emails in a timely manner)...Anyway, essentially was told "sorry you had a bad experience, that massage therapist is highly requested". She sent me a gift certificate for a free massage. I appreciate the gesture, but she made no real reply to my actual concerns (health-wise or crappy customer service-wise).  Anywho, at least she replied & tried to comp me a future massage...
