This is a great theater. Small and intimate one of my favorite places to see a concert. And they line up some great bands.  Love it here.
The Bergen PAC deserves -50 stars... Charging $60 to see Slaughter is unacceptable... Also offering $10 tickets with an $8 service is unacceptable.. Time for a class action lawsuit....
Went to see a show here for the first time and was pleasantly surprised with the layout. Had a good view of the stage and thought the ticket prices were reasonable. Acoustics were fantastic. Parking can be a problem depending upon when you arrive. Got there fairly close to the start time and lot across street was full so needed to do a bit of driving around to find on street parking. Got where I needed to be with plenty of time to spare so wasn't a deal breaker. Security after the show could be less pushy. We were approached on our way out of the bathroom asking when we were leaving, I live an hour away so not sure why I was being pushed out the door. 10 minutes after the show ended. I didn't feel that using the bathroom was out of line. Depending upon the act performing there, I would probably return.
I loved this place.  This whole little town is adorable and worthy of a second look around.   Parking was easy.  Diana Krall's performance was sexy.  Space was intimate and venue was lovely. Private event held in small lounge was great.  The bubbly was flowing and I got a gift bag.  Great, great night.
Wow, what a sad experience I had here recently.  I bought four tickets to see Crystal Bowersox and I'm not sure I got to hear her. The sound here is probably the worst I have heard anywhere.  When I say anywhere, let me say that I am a regular patron at every large theater that has live music within an hour drive.  I attend at least a dozen concerts a year. I just read on Yelp a review by Barbara S. who complained about the sound "I could not understand a single lyric",  Bruce S. said "Every act we've seen there is the same story with a terribly boomy bottom end, muddy mid-range and little definition anywhere"  These reviews are stating exactly what I heard as well.   At the beginning of the show the audience was yelling to the stage to fix the sound.  During the concert you could see the band constantly telling someone off-stage to turn up Crystal's mike. I will not ever be going back to this venue but will instead continue to catch music at places like: - Community Theatre at Mayo Center for the Performing Arts - Morristown - Count Basie Theatre - Redbank - BB Kings in NYC - NJPAC - Newark - The Tarrytown Music Hall - Tarrytown NY
I came to the Bergen PAC on a tour for an artist that was doing a show there, so my experience was more on the performance side than the patron side, but I still got a great feel of the place. Upon entering, it looks like your typical old performing arts theater. Nothing too fancy, but nothing below standards, either. The lobby isn't what you'd call tiny, but it gets absolutely slammed if the show is near capacity. If there's a live show going on, and the artist has merchandise available, it really slows down traffic coming in and out and gets a little crowded. Bars were staffed with more than enough people to handle a large crowd, and the security team there are some of the biggest guys I've seen doing security at shows, and were super professional. The theater is wonderful. Has a great vibe, great seeing, and a pretty good sound system. Even the people in the balcony seemed to be loving the show, and that's where it usually sounds bad. The lighting rig is nothing special, so unless an artist brings in their own lighting, don't expect an over the top light show. Even when there were problems with unruly patrons, security took care of it quickly and there were no major problems to hinder shows or cause any safety concerns to guests. Overall, this is one of the better run Performing Arts Centers around, and the staff extremely helpful, nice, and accommodating. If you see an artist you like coming to Bergen, don't pass up the chance to see them perform here!
Don Rickles Performance, 6/20/2013 Simply astounding! Resplendent in his tux and black tie, "Mr. Warmth" is preceded by his famous orchestra's intro theme as he slowly saunters onto the stage of the Bergen Performing Arts Center where a full house awaits his presence! Introductory video is shown highlighting his stage career. For fans, we need not be reminded who we came to see this evening as the air is filled with the electricity of anticipation awaiting Don's walk onto the stage. As a life-long fan, I never had the opportunity to meet The Master of Insults in person yet, here I was, my wife surprising me with this unexpected treat, sitting among the loyal throngs, watching the master recreate portions of an act that he has played out countless times in Vegas, Atlantic City, NY and around the globe. And now, in the suburbs of NJ!, as the 18 piece Vegas-like orchestra warms up, you can easily envision the likes of Sammy Davis, Jr., Dino Martin, Sinatra and others, surrounding Mr. Warmth, on stage at the Copacobana, the SANDS, bringing him into their close-knit circle, not to have him as an added attraction, but to HONOR him! The excitement builds, the entire audience of the PAC stands, ovations continue, and his show has not even begun! Jacket and hand-tied bow tie come off early, a smart rendition of Gagney's Yankee Doodle Dandy is displayed later on; a quick two step tap dance with song, Rickles leads the orchestra with his own rhythm, then engages audience members in a stint that brings us back to WWII, in the islands of the Pacific (he is a veteran), the laughs continue throughout the show; Rickles feeds off the rewards for his tireless talent and wit, now he is in his groove, loving every minute of it! It becomes clear early on that Don holds nothing back, despite his age of 86, he is the consummate stage professional, poise, dance, song, one-liners, audience interaction with the likes of a polished gem; there is only ONE Don who continued to replicate acts that were performed in Vegas; nothing is spared here at the PAC, bring in the palm trees, pass around the cocktails and we have recreated an era in which Don Rickles holds the key to; the Pack is gone, yet he brings back those memories as he stands alone on the stage; yet, not really alone as his audience lets Don know that they are there for HIM for tonight and forever!
Bergen Performing Arts Center - what a great place to see a local concert in Englewood without having to schlep to NYC!  I recently saw Chick Corea, Wanda Sykes and Ron White - Chris Botti is coming up in the spring, can't wait. Theater holds about 1200 and regularly sells out for headliners. Pricing runs from $29 to over a hundred a ticket depending on the performer and seating, but you really can't get a bad seat in the house. Lots of free public parking right across the street - don't even think of parking in the supermarket parking lot behind the theater or you'll get towed. Trust me on this one.
Been going here for many years and enjoy seeing shows here. If you get on the mailing list you will find something you like. Got there early to park on the street and walk to anyone of many places in the area.
A nice little theatre that usually has a great list of concerts throughout the year. The sound is good, not great, but you put up with it since it only holds around 1200 people. Just like the other theatre's I have listed, there are some very good bars and restaurants in the area which always makes it fun. I particularly like a Mexican tapas restaurant in the area. The name escapes me but that's the place we usually go to prior to a show.
How I wish I could give Bergen PAC a 5.  They get nationally known great acts. They have made such strides. Unfortunately,  I find the sound for many  music acts to be unbearable.  Is this the fault of the musicians or the venue? At the recent Todd Rundgren show, I could not understand a single lyric (and I know the lyrics) and the sound was so harsh I had to cover my ears. Really unpleasant.
My company holds some events here.  It's an OK venue.  Big room, decent sound, comfy seats.  I've never seen an act here but It seems like it'd be ok.  Nothing special.
Intimate space for shows. Plenty of local parking and restaurant options.
Security is terrible. My daughter and her friend were harrassed and threatened and security would not help! They had drinks thrown at them!!
I remember when it was called John Harms Center for the Arts. I did perform there once with my high school chorus. It was a very fun experience!
Fantastic acts are booked at this sweet little venue but the house sound system is awful and underserves the needs of the room. Every act we've seen there is the same story with a terribly boomy bottom end, muddy mid-range and little definition anywhere in the spectrum regardless of where we sit.
