Best thing around
Wave Hill is one of my favorite places in NY... beautiful, peaceful, fresh air.... not chock full of annoying barbecuers every day and no screaming kids.  Amazing!  I have a family membership and am happy to support such a wonderful place... I always bring friends and family here, but I selfishly hope not too many people hear about it because I like it to remain kind of a secret :)
This is a great place to see a variety of plant types, or to simply sit with a book and/or lunch. Either way, you'll get an unbeatable river view, and will easily forget that you're in one of the five boroughs! They also have art exhibitions -- check the website for the current exhibits. Admission is regularly $6, but they offer free admission on Tuesdays (only in the morning during May, June, September, and October) and Saturday mornings.
One of my favorite places to go to read. Part of me likes to pretend that I am super rich and this is my summer estate!!
why funny ?
Wave Hill is gorgeously landscaped like a resort rather than a botanical garden or a park. The greenhouse plants are all labeled but many of the outdoor plants are not. The outdoor plants are grouped primarily for esthetics, not as much by category. The place is designed on a comfortable, human scale with benches and Adirondack chairs, and many secluded spots and views of the Hudson. It's unbelievably quiet and serene, ideal for a brief respite from urban NYC. Events include music performances, art workshops, family activities, yoga and meditation. No blankets are permitted on the grass but folding chairs are welcome. The café offers locally-sourced, organic, artisanal, expensive food. Even if you don't buy lunch there, I recommend relaxing with a sweet tea on the covered patio. The gift shop has beautiful, high-quality items and isn't quite as pricey as a lot of museum gift shops I've been to. I bought a recycled-silk scarf and was pleasantly surprised to find out that because I spent $50 I could get my parking fee reimbursed. I thoroughly enjoyed my afternoon at Wave Hill and will be back to see the autumn colors.
The map they hand you went you first park and pay your admission ($8 each for parking and admission) seems daunting, as it looks really large on the map and that it would take all day to cover, at least that's what my husband thought when I diverted him to make a quick stop here on a sunny Sunday afternoon. He grumbled and groaned about having to unexpectedly pay $24 unexpectedly, but did so dutifully. It wasn't so much the $24 dollars, but he thought I was taking him on a 5 minute pit stop that cost $24. Once we entered the grounds though, he was a totally different person. The greenhouse we first came across had some sort of magical soothing powers and he was transformed into that charming guy I know and love. Map in hand, he had the idea of making this a mini-sort-of-marathon, seeing how much ground we could cover, just to appease me, and still salvage part of the afternoon. What he forgot was that we were in the Bronx (okay, Riverdale), and everything is more compact than you usually find once you head north of the Bronx (okay again, Riverdale). The greenhouse, gardens, trees that have seen many more years than we will ever see (not that we are all that young), tropical specimens that must come indoors in the winter, and old but extremely well kept buildings, all topping off the Hudson River , put him at ease and he started enjoying himself and slowed down a little. The gift shop has a large assortment of honey, which we love, but there really wasn't much that was local, even though there are honeybees residing in beehives on a distant part of the property. The view of the Hudson River cannot be beat, whether looking at it through a gazebo or perched on the overlook. Before you knew it, we had pretty much covered everything and still had a chance to take it all in, at that point I had to remind him we were in the Bronx (I know, Riverdale), and things are more compact. I'm in no way saying the place is small; there is a lot to see, but it is managable and you don't need to make sleeping arrtangements to cover it all.
My Wife and I went to wave hill for the first time in late summer of 2013. I resisted all summer, because going to look at flowers did not seem like something I could deal with. However, we have become members and frequent visitors since. (Again, my wife was right) Wave Hill is a place where you can feel yourself go into a state of deep relaxation, be at peace with the world and commune with nature.  If not for the bird watching, pretty and fragrant flowers, there you will find guaranteed respite from the drudgery and intensity of our modern day-to-day life. There is something in this place for everyone, and of all ages to enjoy. Kids love it. I witnessed children barefoot running, playing and rolling around in the plush grass and adults revert to childhood. It is a place where your body, mind, and spirit will feel nurtured and revitalized.  You will not want to leave, and will want to soon return. They offer interesting activities throughout the summer , my favorite  is "Sunset Wednesday" because I don' have to do anything other than sit in the grass, listen to whatever music performers are scheduled and watch the sun set over the Hudson and New Jersey's green hillside.   Wave Hill is truly a great place and only 20 minutes from the Upper West Side by car. Come early, stay late, bring your treasured loved ones and experience the magic. This is definitely a place where I would bring my buddy, "DON JUAN" the cat!   TEN STARS!
spectacular views and a relatively small garden does not overwhelm. My fave part was the exotic spices and herbs..everything from cardamom to stevia leaves
Beautiful location for a wedding ... As a wedding vendor this has to be one of the worst locations for me to photograph and shoot. ( I am thinking that there was probably a vendor that ruined it for everyone ) There are several rules in place in which makes the photographer of a wedding( or basically any vendor for a wedding to work there) to follow. They want everything  hidden that you bring into the place, which makes it very difficult to obtain your equipment when needed. So figure you have 12,000 worth of equipment you have to entrust that someone isn't going to steal it. I had my assistant watch it the whole time. The worst part is the vendor meals, usually they either put you in the basement next to the washer and dryers or outside near the garbage dumpster. Keep in mind that Bride and Groom pay for vendor meals, usually $50 a person.  They also give you 5 min to eat so after shooting a 10 hour wedding, make sure you bring lots of snacks.  I have shot there 3 times already and the same experience keeps on happening. I am not sure why you would treat the people who are hired to photograph the most important day in someones life with such disrespect . I will not be booking weddings there anymore and will not be recommending my clients to either speak to the person in charge while contracting their agreement. Many other vendors in the industry have said similar things about wave hill.
Went here today after years and had an amazing time! Such a peaceful spot in the Bronx, away from the chaos in the borough. Sad to find out that the science camp I went to for them back in 2003, is no longer there.. Learned a lot in this place!
Such a beautiful little garden! I wouldn't have found this place if it weren't for the NYC Parks website, and I'm so glad I found it. FYI it's $4 with a valid student ID, so all the more reason for students to come check it out. I believe it's an $8 entry fee otherwise, but it's worth it for the beautiful views. Bring a book, and you can spend the entire day there!
Nice small garden, beautiful in summer. You will find rainbow color in the garden. And thanks all the staff in the House, the family project is fantastic! It seems I enjoyed it more than the kid.  Free admission on Saturday AM . 8 dollar on-site parking.  The only con is you are tolled 5 bucks each way. Maybe MTA is a good choice if not a big family going there.
I would say this is a bit of a hidden gem. Everyone knows about the Bronx Botanical Gardens (which is great) and even the Brooklyn gardens, but I didn't even hear about this smaller garden until last week. It's located right in Riverdale...which is pretty much where wealthy white Bronx begins. The easiest way to get there may just be the 2,3 then transfer to the 1 and getting off at the very last stop at 242nd. There, a free shuttle will be waiting to pick you up on the 10th minute of every hour (1:10, 2:10, etc.). The garden is roughly 28 acres, but it feels smaller than that because of the heavily wooded area lying between the Metro North railroad (yes. believe it or not it runs right along the park) and the main garden itself. When you walk into the garden, there'll be a rose garden of sorts, followed by a greenhouse that houses various other flowers, succulents (cacti and whatnot), and other really weird looking plants. Beyond that you've got the herb garden, alpine garden, secret wooded garden. There's a bunch of terraces and lookouts scattered throughout. The Moncot garden was really nice, but like everything else in the garden, it's pretty condensed and small. It's got koi in the pond, along with brilliantly colored lilies and lotuses. The one thing I did notice different about this garden when compared to the Bronx one is that everything is laid out for you to see...there's no attempt to stash the plant in it's natural environment and you don't see random rocks and other superfluous decoration anywhere. It's just like "Yo. Here. Here is the plant." I'm fine with this. It makes for very efficient garden viewing. The park takes about 1.5-2 hours to cover....and that's at a slow pace, so don't feel rushed. I wouldn't eat food here because, as with any other public attraction, the prices are insane. It's just no worth it, especially when there are much better eateries in the Bronx that you've never even been close enough to try before, and Columbia also has some nice ramen spots like Jin Ramen that you can sample on the way back. The only improvement I can suggest is that Wave Hill do a little more gardening with respect to the trees lying on the western perimeter...those that completely block your view of the body of water and of NJ. Those trees have grown to the point of completely covering your views even from recommended lookouts. The paths and trails leading to those trees also needs to be tended to...it's pretty much a jungle out there. Overall though, I'd highly recommend bringing a date or having a quiet little reunion with friends here.
This 28 acre park is amazing! Truly. Thanks to Target Free Days I was able to visit the beautiful park for free. It overlooks the Hudson River Lake and New Jersey Palisades and there is so much to see. I first walked into the little conservatory which had some cacti and other plants but honestly I almost passed out from the heat. I then walked further up to the Herb Garden and even further to the beautiful grounds with overpasses and a reflecting pool. From there you really get a beautiful view over the land. Listening to some Irish/Scottish Folk Music (sorry it's probably so rude to put those two cultures together but my ignorant self doesn't know the difference), I walked over to Wave Hill House. Wave Hill House is a gray fieldstone mansion that was built in 1843 by lawyer William Lewis Morris.  From 1866 until 1903, publisher William Henry Appleton was the proprietor and he is responsible for adding the greenhouse and gardens to the property.  Some famous guests of the house included Thomas Henry Huxley (he helped Charles Darwin bring evolution to the public's attention), Theodore Roosevelt's family, Mark Twain, Arturo Toscanini (conductor), and chief members of the British Delegation to the UN.   In 1903 the house was purchased by George Walbridge Perkins along with the adjacent property, Glyndor, a house which burned down but was rebuilt in 1927.  Perkins added an underground building for recreation that included a bowling alley.  In 1960 the Perkins-Freeman family deeded Wave Hill to the City of New York.   Heading into the gorgeous mansion, I peeked into the cafe. The cafe itself is small but seems to serve wonderful food. The seating is either on the outdoor terrace or in the multiple rooms, giving off that old ice cream factory vibe with round marble tables. In their large room with a boat shaped ceiling are arts and crafts activities. I then walked along the terrace to the Glyndor Gallery. I was surprised by how great the contemporary art was in this place. It was quite expansive! Most of the pieces had me taking a second look. I should mention the neighborhood (Riverdale in the Bronx) this park finds itself in is very beautiful and full of mansions. I mean quite a difference from where I picked up the bus.
It's a shame that Bronx has such a bad reputation with the locals (including myself) and tourists alike. But once you discover and visit Wave Hill, you will forget all that. Located in the wealthy neighborhood of Riverdale, Bronx, this place is definitely a gem in this part of town. It's a public botanical garden that charges a small fee of $8 but they do have free admission days (Saturdays before 12pm) sponsored by TARGET. Decided to check this place out today since I needed to regain some thoughts and unwind after 3 crazy busy months of summer. Atmosphere is quaint and peaceful. The only noise you'll hear are children's laughter as they take pictures with their family and run around the garden (though not in a boisterous way). Most patrons that come here are young White and Asian couples (not being discriminative but there were 0 Hispanics or Blacks) having a day out with their kids and just relaxing and several senior citizens as well. There's a cafe where you can purchase food (no minimum and cc accepted) and drinks (soft drink, coffee, wine). There's also terrace if you wish to sit outside and enjoy your food. Staff are professional and friendly and welcoming. This is definitely NOT a ghetto but a place with class. Therefore, DO NOT even think about coming here if your wearing saggy pants low enough to show your disgusting cheap ass underwear while listening to your trashy music on high volume coming out of your fucking Beats by Dr Dre headphones because NOBODY will think it's cool and will instead frown at your disgusting and inferior ghetto behavior. This is NOT da 'hood', so please kindly head over to South Bronx for that type of behavior and actions.
Afternoon tea service at Wave Hill was incredible! Both my and I chose the white tea - tropical peony (rose petal/pineapple/coconut). The nosh included scones with Devonshire cream, assorted tea sandwiches (the fav was the curry chicken salad) and assorted petite fours. Everything was delicious and worth the hike - the trails, lawn etc as well as the staff were an added bonus.
This places is as amusing like a valentines day photoshoot  for the elderly, it's the definition of BORING!. There's a bunch of space of land mass with a whole lot less of attractions ! the first house i entered had some below quality art, the photographs are incidental while the "art" pieces made no artistic sense and were short and still boring.There's also a greenhouse, some smalls lakes, cafe (the foods really good !) and a giftshop ,that's it ! wow amazing ! (not!). For an exhibit that caters to the art of gardening, am surprised there are not a lot more gardens or exotic plants, or something to take up the large land mass that it is. The flowers are mediocre to pretty ok , honestly the flowers look like decorations from a hospital, they did not amaze me . Because this places is pretty big it involves long endless amounts of walking, with literally nothing to amuse you as you scout up, down and around, with each step making me tired, cause i was actually dying from boredom.There's lots of seats with shade, so the young visitor can fall asleep, and the grass is pretty clean and healthy, i had a fun moment going bear foot ! . The parks van is suppose to pick up people who don't want to chug walking back a mile to get to the exit  (like me) but i never saw that van in sight , missed opportunity !. While waiting for my ride, the front entrance garden was swarming with hungry mosquitoes, feasting on my leg, making my already bad day here worst, nice to know the park is protected with pesticide but some parts aren't  ? (confused shrug). who's the demographic ? elderly caucasians lol no literally ! just old people in general, which explains a lot of what i previously just said , note am young (21), i did see some young people (mostly employes) and teens (cause their parents dragged them, like me) who were all texting , i guess, trying to past the drag of time away. Honest this is no tourist trap, nor a place to go often, there's a reason it's small and hidden, because it's exclusive to the folks that live in the surrounding area, probably descendants of the owner, who still want to keep the land profitable. Someone said this park is a "Gem" more like accidental stop. You want real fun with amusement the new york botanical garden is your right stop .
Absolutely beautiful place I have ever been to. I cannot ever say enough positive things about Wave Hill. I wish it could stay a secret so I could have it all to myself. I'm lucky enough to live within walking distance that paying the membership fee is a pleasure. The place is so big that it's really never too crowded. Be forewarned, there are plenty of inconsiderate parents that let their children scream at the top of their lungs and run loose with little concern for others. With that all said my girlfriend and I wish we could hit the lottery so we could have our wedding here, but since it's not meant to be we at the very least hope to have engagement photo's taken on the grounds.
A true hidden gem of the Bronx! Growing up here for 18 years, we never considered Riverdale as part of the "Bronx". It was always upper Manhattan and completely out of the way. Today, however, after weeks of planning, I finally got to visit this botanical garden (not to be mistaken with the NY Botanical Gardens located in the Fordham section). On this early-Autumnal day, the air was crisp, the views were breathtaking, and the property was manicured spectacularly. Between greenhouses, pergolas, gardens, and a pond, there are grass areas where you can sit and just melt away into your surroundings...with clear views of the George Washington Bridge, Hudson River, and Palisades. Lunch at the Cafe, although pricey, was fantastic! For $20, I indulged in top-quality products: Spa Chicken Salad (w/ Grapes, Cucumbers, Dijon Vinagrette), Greek Quinoa Salad (w/ Feta, Red Onion, Cucumber), North Fork Rosemary & Garlic Kettle Chips, Big Chocolate Chip Cookie, and Fresh Berry Basil Tea Lastly, the Gift Shop is a gold mine. The women graciously provided me with a 10% discount, usually reserved for member's only. What's nice is 100% of the proceeds are vested back into Wave Hill. Additionally, if you spend over $40, your $8 parking fee will be reimbursed. Let's just say I could have reimbursed 4.5 cars! But undoubtedly their store service and thereafter must not go unrecognized. When I got home, my new ceramic vase fell out of a broken bag. After calling the shop, the girls are shipping me a new one at no cost. I'm so glad for their accommodation. If you ever get the chance, support Wave Hill. And in turn, Wave Hill will support your health: Your legs with a good walk, your nose with enchanting smells, your mouth with delicious treats, your lungs with clean air, and both your mind and soul with peace and serenity.
150 Years old,is this family owned mansion located on the banks of the hudson river. It has gone a recent overhaul with many updates and restoration projects. They have also added a cafe/food court which serves alcholic beverages. The landscape is very pretty with rose gardens,herb gardens,wild gardens and old cherry trees. There also is a little area where you can see fish and frogs swim. They also have a great lawn where you can stroll and take in the sights,find a park bench and sip your coffee,surf the web or read a book.
Great escape from the city and it's very close from upper Manhattan. The greenhouse has a great cactus collection and the aquatic garden is beautiful. There's some trails into the woods. Lots of open space on green grass so bring a blanket and relax in the shade or sun. So many different pretty flowers and plants to smell, touch and see. $4 for students, $8 for adults. Shuttle service to and from the subway, 1 train.
Aside from the concrete jungle... this has got to be the most beautiful place in all of the NYC area.. $4 student entry... and just endless amounts of beauty, amazing views, and wonder... This place is famous for there weddings and I can see why. It can be a place of adventure, with trails for walking and fun. But it also can be a place of relaxation in a beautiful paradise. Chairs are set up in beautiful areas all over the property. I really felt like I fell inlove with this place when I saw it. The people that worked there were also so nice and friendly to us! *TIP* Parking is 8 dollars... OR... you can park around the corner in a school parking lot and have the Wave Hill shuttle take you back to the front gate for free.... honestly if you walk it its probably about 6 minutes or so. Id take the FREE over the 8 buck parking.... ugh oh... only bad part is now I am going to dream about my wedding here... trouble is... that is way too expensive!
This place is amazing. They have several different types of gardens- forest, wild flower, monocot, flower, herb, alpine, and aquatic, as well as a cactus and succulent house and a classical (French/English-ish) kind of courtyard garden. This is all on grounds straight out of Barry Lyndon across from the Palisades. It is a calm place- though not always quiet the kinds of noise are good noise of enthusiastic fun and screaming laughing kids playing tag on the lawn. It is easy to find solitude there and there are many quiet corners. The plants and the grounds are beautiful, there are many events there, both cultural and garden related. It is just one of the good places. You can love it if you don't care so much for plants, but just love nice places, or it can be amazing if you have specific botanic interests.
I went there in February and ate at the Cafe and had one of the best salads I've ever eaten.  The gardens are great but I'm still thinking about that salad.
A tree may grow in Brooklyn, but there's a garden that overlooks the Hudson River and the Palisades in the Bronx. There are chairs scattered about the grounds, perfect for quiet reading and reflecting. The Woodland trail is a great place to walk with someone and maybe even smack them up a bit if they've been getting on your nerves. It's quiet and w/ the trees, it'll muffle out the crying. My favorite part was the Aquatic Garden, sitting on a bench and watching the fish swim by. What a lovely garden, it's a beautiful place for a wedding!
What is best about it is the price. It is $8.oo for adults and have free days sponsored by Target. Saturdays Free 9am to noon year-round Tuesdays Free all day November-April, July, August Free 9am to noon May, June, September, October There are dance concerts and other performances performed here. One of my favorite pictures of me and my husband together was taken here. Theodore Roosevelt and Mark Twain both summered here at one time. A peak into how the wealthy of New York live. It seems to be especially popular with transplants who feel cramped in the city.
Some people think that the Bronx is only good for its baseball, graffiti and bona fide Arthur Ave. Italian cuisine.  Oh, and obv., because I live there.  But who knew that the Bronx is also home to such a lovely oasis of plants, vistas and woodsy trails? Nestled into the Riverdale / Fieldston section of the Boogie-down (a.k.a "Mansion-ville"), you won't find anything remotely scary about Wave Hill, except perhaps the preponderance of blue-haired ladies wandering around.  But they're harmless -- just stay out of their way when they're looking for birds.  They seemed pretty serious about that. Come to Wave Hill to waste a day walking around and lounging on the greens (28 acres).  You'll find great views of the Hudson, a beautiful greenhouse, a cafe, a gorgeous little pond (with bullfrogs and coy fish) and countless private areas (chairs, lounges, gazebos, patios, etc). for sitting, smooching or just relaxing. Rachel D. has it right -- this is an ideal spot to impress a date about your NYC know-how.  And I'd go on to say that it would be incredibly romantic for a proposal -- or even a wedding (their Web site has more info. on that option).  I'm going to have to make a "places to propose" list one day soon! Downsides: I should have looked the place up first on Yelp, because the admission ($6) was not prominent on their Web site, leading my husband and I to run 2.5 mi from our apartment one day with nothing in our pockets, making us S.O.L. when we arrived the first time.  My sweating, panting and fussing did nothing to convince the gate attendant, either :-(  And the noise / view nearby Fieldston school parking lot doesn't add to the ambiance from some parts of the park.  One additional FYI: they also say no alcohol, but I'm pretty sure you'd be fine with a cooler and red cups.  Classy, I know. Bottom line: There aren't many places in NYC where you can go on a date, drop $20 (including transit and snacks) and have such a fun, unique city experience.  Wait for the next sunny day, and see what the Bronx has to offer!
If you are in any way a loner, a misanthrope, or anti-social, please do the following: visit Wave Hill on a chilly weekday morning. Your little solitude loving heart will thank you for it. On my visit, the only people to be seen were staff. I got to walk around in utter and total peace and quiet. I drank my tea on a bench by the aquatic garden and read a book in one of their many lawn chairs. If you are coming here by train, exit the station and stand right in front of the Burger King to wait for the shuttle. There is no sign indicating the stop, but the Wave Hill shuttles stop right there at 10 past the hour. Go now. It's an oasis of calm, and if you time it right, you can indulge your need for solitude.
I live at the end of Brooklyn (well close to it) and I took the train all the way to the last stop in the Bronx to meet up with some friends for a picnic recently. Luckily I read the information on their website that they provide free shuttle to and from Wave Hill. Awesome! After about 2 hours I finally made it to this really beautiful garden. I had fun at the picnic and met some new faces. After the picnic we all went to explore the garden. Went through some "hidden" trails, which reminded me of hiking and it was pretty neat. Saw many different kinds of flowers along the way and a frog, which made this garden exploration even more beautiful. While we were venturing, there was a wedding happening that very evening. I think it's a really beautiful place to have a wedding, especially during sunset. It's also pretty neat to come here and read a book and relax, if only it was not 2 hour train ride away. And for those of you who enjoys taking pictures, this is a pretty neat place for some great photo ops. Note: Remember the shuttle leaves pretty much on the dot. I missed my shuttle by 5 minutes when I was leaving and walked a pretty long distance (not that I mind walking) to the nearest public transportation.
Wave Hill is massive. A bit much to travel to if you're without a car, but definitely worth the hike if you are so inclined. The views are not only breath- taking, they are breath- giving as well. And there are plenty of seats to sit and enjoy the views.
This place is very special to me because.......it's where the bf proposed! :) Since then, every single friend that I've told the proposal story to had no idea what/where Wave Hill is. The only reason I knew of it was because I went to high school in the Bronx, but other than that, this place is really off the radar for most new yorkers. Truly a hidden gem of a place! No words will do this place justice, but here's my attempt. It's tucked away in the riverdale/fieldston area of the Bronx i.e. this is where you want to be if you find yourself in the Bronx for the first time (well, aside from the Zoo and Yankee Stadium). Its a botanical garden and horticulture center tucked behind a neighborhood of huge mansions. The views are gorgeous and simply amazing--you can see the Palisades right across the water and you can even see the GW bridge not too far away. Lots of mini trails in the wooded areas with cute benches and intimate gazebos. So peaceful, so serene. You feel as though you've been transplanted to upstate NY or something, but its actually really close to the city. Just a GREAT place to get away for a day. You can't go wrong here!
Sat under the conifers on a beautiful sunny day. Suddenly it started to rain and we never got wet. Smell of pine,silence,green. The coffee and danish were cheap and yummy. I want to live here.
Wave Hill has proven itself to be detrimental to my job search... When I was laid off in June, I decided to become a member of Wave Hill.  It's about a 10 minute walk from my apartment, and I figured it'd be a tranquil place to relax, read, get some sun, take in the views of the Hudson and the Palisades, feel at peace with myself in this hidden garden oasis.... I was TOO right. I love Wave Hill.  Whether you're a newbie and you are there to see it all for the first time, or an old pro and you're there to find a private spot and read/relax - it's pretty special.  I took an out-of-town friend here and she couldn't believe we were in the city, much less The Bronx.  She fell in love with it too and asks to come back when she visits. There is a greenhouse, various gardens, a peaceful garden pond with happy fish, winding nature trails, the historic Wave Hill House where Mark Twain lived for a spell, a small art gallery, tours, lots of nooks and crannies to explore.   I still haven't found a job.  I should spend more time in front of my lap top looking and less time day dreaming at Wave Hill.  Sometimes I daydream that I'll find a job AT Wave Hill.  If only....
Wave Hill has a rich history and it has served the community for many years. Every year children from all over come to visit .
Why I heart NY.   I was born and raised in New York City and had never heard of WaveHill until it was mentioned on the Martha Stewart Show in June 2010. On my first visit I fell in love with the Garden and become a member ( family membership) that same day. During that summer my nieces, sisters and brother in law spent every weekend at WaveHill. Free Shuttle, Friendly Staff and a Beautiful Garden.   I LOVE You WaveHill.
I resisted the urge to have my photo taken while waving on a hill overlooking the mighty Hudson River. The aptly named Wave Hill is a remarkable gem of a garden (and cultural center, let's not forget that part) in the Riverdale section of the Bronx. (Former NY governor Eliot Spitzer grew up here and before boarding metro north at grand central I saw a Playboy magazine cover with Ashley Dupre-- what a coincidence!) Scandals aside, Wave Hill is a peaceful spot to relax...unless the legions of children with arts and crafts made tubular horns are busy blowing their handicraft. It's nice the kiddies have such activities and fortunately the lay of the land is large enough so people can be spread out. For a second, though, I thought I was listening to a World Cup match. There's a cafe that serves sandwiches and light snacks. I had turkey on pumpernickel bread that was decent but the view more than compensated. There's a visitor's center with various garden-related gifts for sale and also the Glyndor House which houses art exhibitions. The woodland trail was a fun hike through various meandering steps as we drew closer to the Hudson and Metro North. There were some areas that required ducking and dodging branches so do pay attention while walking. The various gardens that make up Wave Hill are also well organized and in June, alive with color and life. (And bees!) One can spend a leisurely afternoon here and see just about everything. It's a low-pressure kind of place where you can just wander from area to area and absorb the bounty of nature. (The quicker floral picker upper!) Admission is $8 for adults. A shuttle van meets people at the Riverdale Metro North Station at 45 minutes past the hour. There's a return van to the station departing at 20 minutes past the hour.
this is a cool place to go when you want a "get out of the city" day trip.  It's in the city, of course - boogie down bronx, no less - but feels quite rural and rustic.  gardens, beautiful views of the Hudson and Palisades, a nice little cafe, and a gallery (showing a cool exhibit of artist's interpretations of emily dickinson poems, when I was there).   note:  It's sort of hard to find once you get off the train, so bring a map or leave yourself time to get lost.  the whole neighborhood is full of crazy mansions so it's nice to wander around. keep Wave Hill in mind when you want to plan a day-time date. (you might want to check the website to see if they have a no picnic policy: wavehill.org)   "Wow, you are so romantic, what a fun adventure!  you know all these neat little corners of the city!"    thank me later.
Serenity Now!!!! That's what you'll find up here in this tiny unknown corner of the Bronx.  Wave Hill is a little piece o' garden heaven right here in New York.  And so easy to get to!  Grab the train from Grand Central and walk up the hill to the entrance, and on the weekends there's a shuttle that picks you up at the station and drives you back.  AND so cost-efficient!  Only $6 for a day of wandering the spectacular grounds, admiring the awe-inspiring views and exploring the gorgeous gardens.  For a mere $45 bones, you'll get a year-long membership which allows you to visit any time you like for free as well as an insider track on all that goes on up there.   I am fortunate enough to have a connection there so when my mother was in town we got a private tour.  It was late September and the water garden was going off.  Unbeknownst to most, this is the best time for the gardens up there.  So much still blooming and more to come!  We had a lovely afternoon just wandering and admiring the gardens.  If you're into gardening (like my mum is...) the gardens here are actually world-renowned.   I was just amazed at how quickly we could get out of the city and land in such a magical place.  You can even see the GW bridge from the lawns.  They don't allow eating on the lawns or blankets or dogs, just sitting in the provided chairs which are scattered around the grounds and terribly comfy!  But the food in the cafe is great, and this keeps the grounds pristine enough to run around in your bare feet and not worry! I must add that it's a photographer's wet dream up there- I must have shot well over a hundred photos and some of them actually turned out pretty cool... By now the colors should be turning and I'm heading back up for an afternoon of relaxing in one of their big old chairs, with a book and nothin' to do but find some peace.  Oh and then there's winter...
In terms of gorgeous surroundings, panoramic views and lush gardens, Wave Hill is right up there with Boscobel in Garrison, N.Y. An oasis of calm, it's a bit hard to believe that Wave Hill is located in NYC.  Granted, the Riverdale section of the Bronx is not necessarily what one thinks of when one thinks of NYC - they have houses with real lawns there - but nevertheless, Wave Hill is indeed located in NYC and that's part of what's so amazing about it.  The beautiful, expansive gardens and the lovely stone house that was once the residence of both Theodore Roosevelt and Mark Twain beckons imploringly.  The views of the Hudson and the Palisades are tremendous, and the whole place is beautiful and maintained with exquisite care.   I visited Wave Hill several Septembers ago.  It was late in the month, so there was a chill in the air and there were clouds rolling in, promising a storm.  What with the graying skies, the light wind and the touch of cold in the air, it was actually a great time to experience Wave Hill.  The gardens were solitary without being lonely, and the place was alive with life's promise and possibilities.  It's a great spot for the thinker, the artist or anyone who just appreciates a quiet haven.  Only in NYC could you find a spot that gets you away from it all in such a fashion.  A lovely, lovely place.
I took the bus to Wave Hill back in May, and what a beautiful day it was! It was so Sunny and warm. This place was so peaceful, and beautiful. I swear I was not in New York! There were so many birds singing, and a whole bunch of huge bees flying everywhere, which I am totally petrified of, but it was so nice anyway. The trees were amazing, the Japanese Snowballs were so pretty! I saw this amazing branch of Kiwi Vine too. I had to pay $6 for admission but I brought my own lunch so It was fine with me. I walked around the whole garden and then sat on one of the chairs they have set up all over and read a few magazines, soaked up some Sun and took a few shots with my iphone. I miss my camera! I definitely will be back here this September to see Tulips!
I'm a summer intern here, and I think that it's best when I go there as a visitor. It's really amazing, walking in to that vista every day. By the way, just so you all know. In July and August, it's free on Tuesdays all day, and Saturday mornings from 9 am to 12 pm.
This was one of the most peaceful places. I have been, myself, Dee and the Boss, had the most wonderful day ever,and enjoyed, the wonders that nature had to offer. From the herb garden to the flower garden. Love it. We learned so much ,when it comes to plants and in the different cactus that are out there, like the cactus flower one lovely flower but hard to pick up. LoL This place is a artist's dream come true.
About five years ago, I became a member of Wave Hill for one season (I've not renewed only because I don't live as close and my income is a bit less). This property now owned and operated by the City of New York is a unique spot.  There are live concerts, art exhibits, small gardens, museum exhibits periodically, beatiful lawns where you can relax in these large wooden chairs and curl up with a good book (or you iPad, if you like), and a nice cafe that serves Illy coffee and some snacks. It's not very expensive and is a reall cool way to spend a relaxing afternoon alone or with someone special!
I don't usually write reviews (though I undoubtedly appreciate others' reviews on Yelp and am an avid browser), but Wave Hill is just about one of the most beautiful, serene, gorgeous and peaceful places I have ever visited on the island. It's small and intimate, with the cutest gardens. I went on a Sat morning - free admission, not that I would hesitate to pay my share - and it' was a gorgeous 78 deg weather, the sun gleaming off the Hudson and the peace and serenity there totally belies the fact that we are still in Manhattan. It's a bit out of the way, esp if you don't have a car and the free shuttle from the 1 train comes only ONCE every hour. But heck, I'd do it again as soon as spring comes! Bring a book, a friend, or any state of mind, and enjoy the Hill.
Love it!  This is will be my new backyard!  And to think that I only live 10 minutes north! I had the opportunity to visit this fabulous garden yesterday...I have to say that my favorite spots so far are the Wild Garden and the Water Garden (I'll post some pictures later)!  Also, the galleries were lovely...they had a mized media exhibition based on the trees of Wave Hill.   Go to their website...there are a lot of free and paid programs.  Last night was Sunset Wednsday, where they had a wine tasting and a food demo (yummy salmon, btw)! Definitely check it out!!!  You will not be disappointed!
meh, this place is kinda expensive at $8 a person.  My boo and I tried to get in for free on a free day sponsored by Target, but just missed the deadline by 10 min.  The mean security guard guy wouldn't hook it up and charged us.   Now that it's off season, it's free all day, but parking will still cost you money.  You can save money and park in the nearby neighborhood and walk in. if these city folk ventured out of the city, this place wouldn't seem that precious.  I've seen way better views in DC, SF, etc. I've been disappointed by other spots claimed to be amazing by New Yorkers before (ahem, Brooklyn Promenade), and I guess maybe I've visited at the wrong time. I didn't think there was anything special here. You couldn't really even view the water, and the botanical gardens were kinda small and not much was going on.  If you've been to [insert big huge garden here, Versailles, Hanging Gardens of Bablyon, etc] and are expecting this to come close, you will be sorely disappointed. There's a free shuttle that will take you to Wave Hill. Just look on their website for more info. The only saving grace about coming here was we discovered a gem of a cheesecake factory in the Bronx known as S&S Cheesecake!
Hm....there are certain free times, and we were only a couple minutes late, but they wouldn't hook it up.  Whacko.  BUT, on our way out as we told someone about what happened, they gave us two free tix to use at any time.  But we're not coming back since this place isn't that great to begin with. Yes there's greens and some views, but nothing particularly breathtaking.  You're better off going to the Bronx Botanical Gardens instead.
Truly one of the most beautiful places I have ever been! It has fabulous views of the Hudson River! The staff takes themselves a little to serious, it's still the Bronx! I hope to make a party there one day!
Really not sure why one would give any less than three stars, but to each his/her own! The beauty of Wave Hill is that it's many experiences in one. You get gardens, a smidge of (very mild) hiking in the woods, the river, art, shopping, architecture, history and plenty of people watching. Not a bad deal, especially when it's totally free! Just the right size to explore thoroughly in one day, too. The best thing is that you really sink into the illusion that you're somewhere else what with all the mansions and nature separating you from city grit. I totally want to move into Wave Hill House. sigh. We parked on the service road of the Henry Hudson Parkway and walked in and it worked out well. Wasn't too far and allowed us to ogle the way the other half live.
Wave Hill is beautiful and well maintained.  It's much smaller than the Bronx Bontanical Garden.  You can walk it in about an hour or spend an entire day examining each flower and plant.  If you're interested in art or photography, this place is great for that.  It's also nice to come and just relax away from the city. Getting there is a bit of a pain though.  If you have a car, drive.  I took the 1 train up (to the last stop) and found a private car and cabbed it there (about 5-10 minutes away).  There is a shuttle, but it runs only once per hour.  On Saturdays, from 9AM - noon, the admission is free.
A gorgeous and peaceful place just a skip away from NYC! It's pretty convenient to get to from the city... just take the Hudson line to Riverdale and there's free shuttle waiting there to take you to Wave Hill. It's pretty afforadable ($8 for adults and $4 with your student ID)  I came on a Sunday and there were a lot families here with their kids (there's a craft center for the kids)... but don't worry the place is large enough where you can easily escape for some peace and quiet. Being from California and never having the opportunity to enjoy the Fall season, I came here to "leaf peep" and was not dissapointed. There tons of red, orange and yellow leaves everywhere! I took some gorgeous fall photos to send back home to Cali. Surprisingly the cafe food was pretty good although you can pack your own food and have a picnic here as well. I'd definitely come back in the Spring to see how everything changes...
Wave Hill was a gorgeous place to chill out and read for a few hours. Much more peaceful and calm than most NYC parks! Here's how to get here via the 1 train: I took the 1 train to 242nd street and biked through residential streets to get there, which takes about 20-30 minutes. The ride is safe and relatively car-less- it involves weaving through the neighborhood of Fieldstone, and crossing the Henry Hudson Parkway via an overpass designed for walkers/bikers. However, the hills in the neighborhood are pretty intense, and my bike is a rusty cruiser from Craigslist that isn't exactly suited for this kind of terrain. If you have Google Maps on your phone, you'll be able to easily figure out how to weave through the neighborhood and cross over the Henry Hudson Parkway (after that, there are signs for Wave Hill.)
Escaping from the bustle of the city to Wave Hill will do more for your soul than you can possibly comprehend. For a couple of dollars, you can sit in virtual silence overlooking the Hudson and the Palisades in the very tip of the Bronx. Wave Hill is an old estate with a very rich history.  The main house was first built in the late 1800s and has been leased and visited by such greats as Charles Darwin, Theodore Roosevelt and Mark Twain. It is filled with several different beautiful gardens and conservatories and a charming little place to get food. The first time I was there, when I walked through the initial foliage to see the huge vista, I literally had my breath taken away. It is sincerely one of the most beautiful places I've ever visited and the extra bonus, is that I only saw a handful of people while I was there, most of them were those that worked there, giving me the much needed solitude I had been seeking. Now every time I need to get away, I just hop the 1 train to 242nd st and grab the shuttle over.
Fall is declining. The crisp cool air blows through my hair.... warm rays of sun beat down on my face. We find ourselves in the Bronx's. Outdoors and in awe. This is Wave Hill, and this is a mini escape. (an adventure) There is a calmness all around, yet one can see the city in the distance, as if we are hiding from our life...or maybe just playing a quick game of hide-and-go-seek. The Reds, Oranges, Browns, and Yellows of Fall sweep around my feet as if to ask why I haven't been here before. The various gardens are full of wonders, and yet beautiful and poignant plants that have died off from the chill in the air. We ask each other what it must be like in full summer bloom. (another adventure perhaps) We wander. We sit. We take in the glories in front of us. And for a moment forget our troubles. We wined up and down the woodland trails on our quest for nothing in particular. We explore the gallery. And We just ARE. On a classic yelp note the Wave Hill café serves up light snacks and a Sunday brunch buffet. We sat on the outdoor patio sipping on apple cedar soup with homemade bagel chips relishing in each other's company and the beautiful backdrop...our host for the afternoon. A wonderful afternoon escapade in the Bronx's.....who knew. Wave Hill: $8 for alittle slice of outdoor bliss...
I registered for a meditation class. I could not attend due to a health emergency with my cat. Asked to reschedule the session for another time, I was told their policy was that cancellations need to be made 48 hours in advance. Insensitive and not very zen of them.
Beautiful place that make you quickly forget that you are only minutes away from the city. The gardens, though only a fraction of a fraction of the size of the Bronx Botanical Gardens, are beautiful. What it lacks in size, it makes up for with a phenomenal view of the hudson and an $8 admission price. The Botanical Gardens has a current admission price of $20, by way of comparison. A nice walking path, a food shop and the gift shops has tons of "I wants" from bird callers to body lotions and soaps. Lovely experience...
This is a beautiful garden - a hidden NYC secret. Be careful of some accessibility issues, though - both in terms of getting there and finding parking, and also in terms of challenges for folks in wheel chairs or other disabilities.
Cafe is somewhat expensive but all in all it is fine. I don't agree with one writer regarding admission prices. We pay a hell of a lot in taxes and shouldn't pay ONE penny.  Besides, paying for the damn Henry Hudson bridge is $5 too much. But once you are there, it is lovely. Just go when you can get in free.
Wave Hill affords a serene oasis for quiet contemplation, reading, and enjoying art and nature.  Free tours of the grounds by guides well versed in plant life and history are available, and special events include art and writing workshops, music, and cooking demonstrations.  The flower gardens offer rare species and a motley visual delight. Secluded spots among the flowers or nestled in the hills, where the sounds of the city are absent, abound. The art gallery, housed in a 1927 Georgian Revival mansion exhibits contemporary art inspired by nature; past exhibits have included visual renderings of the works of Emily Dickenson and Henry David Thoreau.   The next time you want a respite from the crowds, congestion and concrete, you need not leave the city to revel in greens, blues, purple stars, and yellow buds; just head to the Bronx.
Wave Hill is an incredibly beautiful location just outside the city. The gardens are kept up beautifully, and there are enough nooks to feel like you have your private space. Inside the mansion itself are temporary art exhibits with staff standing by to give you a tour. The views are magnificent. It's amazing to think that you're still in New York City!
Wave Hill is an estate and cultural center overlooking the Hudson River in the Riverdale section of the Bronx. There's so much here: a mansion, wooded trails, botanical gardens, sprawling lawns, a greenhouse and (my favorite), an aquatic garden in front of which I spent at least an hour last weekend, watching a huge frog perched on a lily pad.  There are benches and movable chairs everywhere, meaning one can sprawl out and relax just about anywhere on the 28 acre site.  The views of the New Jersey Palisades are amazing too.  This is a beautiful place for a wedding; I thoroughly enjoyed my friends' wedding here last year. It's hard to believe that such a place exists in New York City, only a 25 minute train trip from Grand Central Station.  I would come here all the time if I lived closer.
breathtaking place, i always go to the greenhouse they have so many interesting plants.also it's free the whole day on Tuesdays and Saturdays mornings
Incredibly beautiful scenery, and lovely gardens. A perfect Sunday stop, with a brunch that seemed a little too expensive, or just a little cafe. Bring a book & a picnic, and you could spend the day. There is a variety of terrain and garden styles, and all are beautiful and well-kept. It's a little challenging but not impossible by mass transit, and amazingly easy if you have access to a car. Totally charming and an amazingly well kept secret!
If you want to feel as if you've magically left NY and suddenly became lost in nature, then this is the place to be. I've never been to this part of the BX so I was completely taken away by the view. Admissions was free for my Military friend (and I as his guest), but besides that I believe its only $8 (totally worth it). They have a beautiful garden thats filled with tons of exotic plants and flowers. A mansion (turned museum) with great artwork and history about wave hill and its founders. We were only here for a few hours but definitely will come back and explore more. There is free parking further down outside the entrance, but there is also a wave hill van that picks up customers from the parking lot as well as near the train-station. This place is perfect for a wedding (if they do that there), or even a weekend date getaway.
I have been coming to Wave Hill for a decade....it is a small oasis in the heart of Riverdale.I know you could go to Central Park or the Botanical Gardens but I like the small homey feel of it.The staff is super friendly and helpful the #1 train to either 231st and take the #7 or #10 bus to 252nd St or the #1 train to 242nd St and get the free shuttle.If you have kids the Family Art Project is Awesome!. The entire family can make some really cool stuff and it is all geared to go with the seasons.Great concerts.....The Best Brunch...picnics....cooking demos....tai chi...I could go on and on with the all the great things to do and see but check it out for yourself!...Better yet....BECOME A MEMBER!
Don't think I can say anything else that hasn't already been said before, so that leaves me with 2 words, "LOVED IT"!
this is a great place to visit on a spring day. places to sit and appreciate nature. very tranquil. i went in the summer once and the heat was blazing.too hot to enjoy. i just wanted to run into the gift shop and stay there ...in the ac and not go back outside. the experience is pleasant and view is worth the cost of admission especially if you are already in the area.  it is a cool thing to do when you feel like you have seen it all in NYC already. also, if you are traveling from another borough like me, it is a good reason to go have lunch on city island. also, they has a shuttle from the parking lot.
I love wave hill.  Its such a peaceful, beautiful respite from the bustling city.  The views are amazing, there's not too many people and its the perfect place to spend a relaxing afternoon reading a good book.
Wave Hill is a great place to get away from pretty much anything life is throwing at you. The gardens are well kept and there's Adirondack style chairs left out for people to sit and relax while looking over at the palisades. I've been here only once but I would like to see what it's like during fall foliage. They have a nice shop, tours and cafe and a great hall for catering (my wife was pissed that we never heard of this place when we were wedding planning). They have parking on the grounds (for a fee) and a free parking lot down the road with complimentary shuttle service. It's a little hard to find but you'll be happy once you're there.
Wave Hill is $6 to get in, but free if you're a member - $40/year.  Go to their website for information about free entrance. wavehill.org. If you like to get away from it all and immerse yourself in 'Great Gatsby' like surroundings, then go here!  It is BEAUTIFUL!!!   I LOVE WAVE HILL!  Clean, pretty, well kept, peaceful, all that great stuff.  No pets, no blankets, go to their website for visiting info.
This garden is beautiful, peaceful, and relaxing. This is a nice place to read a book or just to relax. The views of the Hudson are nice. The gardens are nice especially the aquatic and Monocot garden. The Pergola overlook is also very nice. The Wave Hill House is being renovated so I didn't go inside there. The trails they have around garden are nice they have benches, gazebos and unique sitting in a few places along the path.
A lovely spot to visit to get out of the city without too much travel.  It's in the bronx, but you get nice views of the Hudson and should be able to see some changing leaves soon.  Not sure if you can bring the dog.
Arrived before noon on Saturday, and it happened to be 'free' Target sponsored day.  Lovely setting, well-tended gardens and great Hudson River views from most spots.  Get up here for a wonderful respite from the city.  We drove, noticed public trans about 1 mile from the gardens.
A nice getaway from the city, but definitely not as nice as I'd imagined. The gardens were a lot smaller than I was hoping for, and many were even unaccessible. The view of the river is mostly obscured by trees, and there's not too much to explore. Kind of fun just walking around the grounds and exploring what you can, but there definitely must be better places to go.
Totally overrated in my opinion.  I have been to many gardens including nearly all  the ones in NYC and this one was by far the least impressive.   Though if you are close by it might be worth a visit.
Wave Hill is a beautiful sanctuary hidden in the Bronx.  You can get their via MetroNorth and then take a little van from the station to Wave Hill.  There are a multitude of gardens and green houses you can tour.  You can also walk on the grounds that follow the hudson and overlook the Palisades.  There are chairs all over the place for people to sit and relax.  If you like nature, I recommend at least one visit to Wave Hill!
If you don't happen to have your own sprawling country estate, don't fret -- there's Wave Hill. Once home to Mark Twain, Teddy Roosevelt and Arturo Toscanini, it's good enough for you too. We visited on a beautiful summer day and aside from the breathtaking pergola overlook where you will be stunned by the view of the Hudson River and the Palisades, wander on and be charmed by the aquatic garden, the rough-hewn gazebo, and the meandering woodland trails. Don't forget to include the delightful cafe in your plans and remember to dine outside if the weather permits. A fabulous city getaway!
Wave Hill is so beautiful that I wish it were bigger so I could enjoy even more of it.  But for it's small size, it packs lovely surprises at every corner.  There is not one inch of it that doesn't charm.  I can't imagine a better way to while away a gorgeous summer day than to sit at one of the deck chairs and take in the view of the Hudson.
Beautiful,  Romantic ,  & Peaceful.  Perfect for a Romantic Date if you both enjoy nature and beauty...
