I've been going to KRU training since the beginning of July.  I went to a fitness-y kickboxing place for a couple years, and really did enjoy waling on a bag.  This, tho, is a whole lot more fun.  To be honest, as an adult that can and will fall over while practically standing still, it's a bit intimidating to jump right into pad holding and muay thai classes.  It's definitely worth it.  Each class (I'm referring to the muay thai ones, I haven't taken any other) is a good mix of conditioning and technique work, so you leave tired and a little better than before. The instructors are great, and ridiculously knowledgeable.  The class atmosphere, which I was worried would either be too macho, too intense, or too... kung-foey (?), is focused and friendly.  You can ask questions and never worry about being completely goofy.  They haven't kicked me out yet and I'm practically atrocious.  Other students range from novice to awesome, so you're working with people that are either learning just as much as you are, or you learn from working with someone that's much better than you. Mostly, I do this for fitness.  Really tho, I do it cuz it's a ton of fun and hella challenging.  Definitely recommend.
I am a life long practitioner of and have a love and respect for all things Martial Arts.  In my journey, I have trained all around the country.  In my home state I travel an hour and a half to train at this facility.  The level of instruction is second to none (perhaps in the country!).  The curriculum is well defined and you're not succumb to the 'shoot from the hip' teaching style that the majority of schools have to offer, specifically in the Mixed Martial Arts category.  All of the instructors are well trained in their respective arts and have the professionalism to match.  Whether you want to dabble in several arts or excel in one particular system, look no further.
Adult classes are fantastic in the morning and night. Gets you in fantastic shape and a real fun way to work out.
