I have now been working out at Westchester Fight Club for 2 years. I started going as I am a runner and wanted to strengthen my core. Within those 2 years I have totally changed the shape of my body and am toned . I ran the Marine Corp Marathon in Washington in October and shaved 20mins off my best time. I genuinely feel it is down to how strong I am physically and mentally. If you get the chance to check this place out I'm sure you will not be disappointed. The trainers are very knowledgeable and motivating. In 2 years I don't think we have done the same class twice, they are always changing it up. The club is full of energy and is very friendly. Would recommend anyone trying one class as I'm sure you will get hooked right away!
I have been a member here for a couple of months and this place has quickly become the best part of my day.  Not only are the instructors great at what they do, enthusiastic and helpful, but as good as they are; egos are all checked at the door with your shoes.  Everyone jokes around, but nobody is being judged, all of the instructors want to see you meet and surpass whatever goals you set for yourself.  Each has their own teaching style and personality which they adapt to their respective classes.  They keep the classes fun while helping you to learn new techniques and ways to stay fit. Whether you are really interested in trying out martial arts, have trained before or you are just looking for a unique way to get yourself in shape, I highly recommend checking out Westchester Fight Club.  The gym may seem hectic when you first enter, but I guarantee that someone friendly will greet you quickly and make you feel welcome.
This gym kicks ass in more ways than one. The trainers are all experts in their fields, not only will they guide and teach you, they are all pretty funny and amusing. Everyone helps everyone is the mentality.  There are many classes to choose from so you can't  get bored or lose focus. If you come in to consult with them they can tell you which classes would be best for you, depending on your fitness goals.  I started this gym to get back in shape. 9 months later I have surpassed the amount of weight I expected to lose and feel great about myself. If you join this gym you will not be disappointed.
I really loved this place.  Hubby and I came here to use a voucher but it was too late so Mike hooked us up and basically allowed all the people with expired vouchers to use the facility for a month for free.  We took the Muay Thai classes and they were so good.  Got to experience two instructors and different teaching styles. I am very active and I do cardio kickboxing almost daily so the MMA workouts really upped my endurance and gave me a bit of a challenge but the group sessions give you the energy to get through it. You have to take off your shoes upon entry because it is still considered a dojo and when you take martial arts, you HAVE to take off your shoes in the training area.  They offer the use of their equipment like jump ropes, pads and gloves.  One thing they stress EVERY session is that if you use their gloves, WASH YOUR HANDS THOROUGHLY AFTERWARDS.  So many people use them everyday and sweat in them.   We used the WFC gloves our first day but after that, we brought our own. It still doesn't take away from the fact that they have awesome classes, instructors and a great facility.  Unfortunately, soon after we started the free trial, I was offered a promotion (yay for me!!) with later hours so I had to stop going.  If I had the time, I would definitely be a returning member.  They rock.
If you are serious about loosing weight, changing your body shape or generally increasing fitness levels, then WFC is the perfect place! I've been a member for 18 months and would never consider returning to a traditional gym.  The trainers are the best I've ever met, they certainly have tons of experience and knowledge and push you to the max.  The club is full of energy and there is a great vibe amongst all the other members, everyone is so motivating, supportive and fun to workout with.  If you are interested in taking things a step further you can receive nutrition and diet advice.  The club is full of a great range of equipment and the schedule is varied, you will never be without a workout.  I am a complete WFC addict, if you try it you will see why!
Greatest gym ever. I drive all the way from NJ to get to WFC classes at least 2-3x a week. The women's conditioning classes are a great workout and occasionally I will take the men's conditioning class to push myself even further. Coach Mike and Ant teach the women's class and they are more than a pleasure to be around.  They're super hot and big. The gym is thoroughly clean and I look forward for the new state of the art location to open up within the next few weeks. See you on the mat!
This is by far the BEST gym I've ever been a member of.  It's not a place for someone who wants to joke around, and I only recommend it for those who are completely serious about losing weight and looking their best. I would definitely recommend the women's bootcamp class (so hard but awesome) and I can safely say that anyone who dedicates themselves to this place will get the results their looking for!
Great workouts but WAY too expensive. Also the facility is dirty and they are extremely disorganized as a business. They refused to honor my groupon after I called to verify that I could do it and their 30 day trial. Instead of admitting error on their part they denied that any of their staff could have said that and accused me of trying to take advantage of them! Mike is the only person there who understands the concept of customer service. At $200/month membership with a required 1year contract, not to mention a small gym with pretty limited hours, the free trial OR the groupon is pretty much as good as it gets there. Needless to say I won't be going back.
This place is no joke! Be prepared to work hard, sweat and learn serious technique!
I have been a member of several gyms. These guys have a combination of classes that just flat out do it for me. I joined in the fall of 2012 and I am hooked. It's in a great location for me. There is metered parking across the street. All the coaches I've worked with are motivating and knowledgeable. I was a little bit intimidated at first but they are very encouraging and supportive. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because they do a fantastic job of making me sweat but there are no showers for the after effects. So my workout here is usually my last stop of the day before I HAVE to head home and shower. If I could give 4.8 stars I would. These guys are the bees knees!  If you are committed to getting fit and looking to sweat your b@lls off I advise you check it out. Quick Update! The new facility has showers!  Wooo Hooo!
Bought a Groupon for 20 classes for $15, and went to 9 classes. The workout was great and they keep it hot in the building so you're sweating even more...however they require that you take your shoes off upon entering the facility (which I always thought was weird, since everyone is pouring sweat all over the mats)....my cousin and I were coming regularly until we both got viral infections and this was the only common factor....as a result we won't be returning. What a shame that they only clean twice a day.
Great place for mma,bjj,muay Thai, and wrestling as well as fitness classes.  The instructors are top notch. Place is clean and well maintained.  I would definitely recommend it!!
Great customer service!  I purchased the Groupon, then was sick for several months, and couldn't use it until near the expiration date.  They let me get a month of unlimited classes instead.  Every time I called a real person answered the phone, not an answering machine. PROS: - All the instructors are good, but I especially liked James and Lou.  James is a truly nice guy and a total badass at the same time, a rare combination.  Lou is tough but a super patient teacher.   - Super convenient location and a huge gym space - Muay Thai classes and Jiu Jitsu classes were both fun and a great workout - The instructors treat the women students the same as the men, and have the same high expectations of everyone - All the equipment is functional (agility ladders, kettlebells, punching bags, jump ropes, etc.), there are no big machines you wouldn't use anyway - Each class is different from the last, so you never get bored - Other students, men and women, were really patient with a beginner like me.  (I've done lots of other fitness classes, but am a beginner to martial arts.) - Membership prices are higher than chain gyms, but comparable with other boxing gyms, martial arts places, and studios CONS: - No kleenex boxes!  They only had rough paper towels... - Classes are extremely large
