A nice change of pace in downtown Yonkers. Artwork includes both a permanent collection and exhibits that that change regularly. The real draw to the museum is the mansion that hides behind the portion of the museum you first see. Glenview was once a private residence, then became the museum. The house is decorated in a manner that was believed to be true to the time when the Trevor family called it home, and now houses a very large dollhouse filled with exquisite detail and furnishings. The "Red Grooms' Bookstore" is life-size art display, where you can enter the display and be a part of the work of art. The gift shop has a number of educational souvenirs and general items relating to the Hudson River and Yonkers, but there was barely anything unique to the museum. The only choices I saw as true museum souvenirs was a children's book about the dollhouse (Nybelwyck Hall), and a couple of postcards.
A real jewel of a museum. Combination art museum, science museum, planetarium, and historic home, it literally has something for everyone. The art museum section presents a wide variety of shows which never cease to impress me (currently has a Bakelite exhibit up, total hipster kryptonite, but being in Yonkers, not a one in sight on the opening weekend). The science part is really just an exhibit on the ecology of the hudson river, which is really well done and interesting. I have never been to the Planetarium, at my age, they would probably think I was a weirdo. The historic home is a great victorian. There are also some great views of the Palisade cliffs across the river. Can be reached quite easily by Metro North trains from NYC (about a 5 minute walk from Glenwood station). It would be fairly easy to reach by car, but a gps would be helpful in this section of Yonkers. If you go, ask the desk clerk for directions down to the waterfront JFK park, which is about a 5 minute walk and is really pretty. Also, the surrounding neighborhood has some really nice old victorians to check out. Just don't walk to far south of the train station since it gets pretty dicey that way.
Not bad for a local museum.  Maybe I'm spoiled by the gigantic museums in NYC but seeing everything in an hour is quite disappointing. The current exhibit of "Paint box Autumn" was nicely displayed on the two floors with painters from the 1800's up to today.  The planetarium was closed but we looked at the few displays which included meteorites and telescopic lenses.  The Bookstore exhibit was a very colorful, walk-in exhibit.  We walked through the educational Hudson River area and even got to watch a staff member feed the seahorses.  Did you know there are seahorses in the Hudson River?  They're not native but come from the Caribbean on the Gulf Stream.  That was probably the highlight of our visit. We always end with a look in the gift shop.  The stuff they had there included fancy gift items for adults as well as children.  Many different types of kaleidoscopes, big and small.  Drinks and snacks were sold, to be eaten in the lobby where there were a few tables and seats. We didn't see any Victorian house?  Not sure what the other reviewer was referring to. Last but not least, the staff was extremely friendly!  I'm used to mean security guard but they smile and say hello.  I had a wet umbrella in my hands and the guard politely asked me to leave it the coat room.  This was like a large walk-in closet with some lockers on one side and hanging rack on the other. No one watching over your stuff.
5 Stars if you have kids!! Small local museum with limited space and art work but they've made the most of it.  During my visit they've had the African-American Contemporary art works.  I don't know if it's a permanent display.   They have more security guards than actual visitors so right off the bet you realize that this museum is a hot spot for kids.  They have a planetarium and a riverama exhibit.   What was very impressive to me was the actual historic mansion.  You can walk around the house and see the antiques, and more artwork (although during my visit, the second floor was closed so call before going)  The price for entrance is very affordable and for planetarium show,  you only have to pay an extra$1. Over all if you have kids, I would highly recommend it. Otherwise, check it out if you're in the area.
A planetarium, art museum and riverama exhibit.  Endlessly entertaining in it's variety. Amazing views of the hudson throughout the building.  Free parking too.  I highly recommend it for kids and for adults.
