Great home style Italian food. We started with the stuffed pepper risotto cake and potted pig (pork confit), and a round of southern tier pumpking. The pork was fantastic and came with crisp baguette and tangy mustard. For the main course I had eggplant and sun dried tomato ravioli, stuffed with goat cheese.   The portion size was just right and the goat cheese gave it a really unique flavor. Half of the party I was with had the sausage and campanelle, which they couldn't stop raving about. I'll definitely be back again.
Love love love, I had the shellfish Fra Diavalo. The seafoods were fresh and you can definitely taste, there were plenty of tomatoes sauce didn't have to worry about asking for more sauce. Definitely one of the best authentic Italian restaurant in the city. We were the on a Wednesday night, look a bit quite but for the way it taste I would expect to see a bigger crowd. If you're in the area give it a try.
So happy to see new places popping up in the downtown area.  Osteria had a tent at Starry Night in the Garden and the samples were delicious so we made reservations for 10 for a birthday dinner at the restaurant.  Our waitress was great and the atmosphere was very fun.  Both the wine and food are very reasonably priced, so many great options on the menu it was difficult to choose.  No complaints from anyone!
I have to say, I stopped here on day one, day eight and a few times after that. Its my new favorite place to go! Great wine selection, as well as a plenty to choose from whether your in the picking mood or so hungry you could eat your arm. The larger community/large group table in the front room is great, and it has a nice story behind it. I wont spoil the story so ask the bartender Mike Perry or Brandy McLaughlin were it came from!
There isn't much to write that hasn't been contributed already, but wanted to note that the vibe here really is inclusive. You get the sense that there are a lot of regulars here. And likely, there are. But the owner and manager really make sure that by the time you leave you are departing as a friend. Food is fantastic, and service is efficient and spot on. Looking forward to our next visit.
Stellar service. They are still working out some of the details here, but the focaccia appetizer is excellent. The serving sizes were a sticking point for us.
Awesome service, food was great. i had the octopus which was a great starter and the eggplant sandwich which was not greasy and had a nice crisp taste. owner is one of the nicest guys I've ever met. So personable and so ready to make sure you have the best experience
This place is a new gem to the downtown area. Great food, great drinks as wont have you looking the bill wonder how rent will be paid at the beginning of the month. Me and my fiancé loved it! The owner Nick is pleasure. Came to the table to make sure all was well and even let my fiancé try the Ocotpus. A MUST GO TO!
Had a late lunch/early dinner here. We ate at the bar and had great food and good local beers on draft. I appreciate any restaurant that gives a lunch size alternative any time of day. The bread is also fantastic.
Everything was amazing. Flat iron pizza, spaghetti and meatballs, desert sampler. Highly recommend.
Basic Italian cuisine... You know, there are tons and tons of Italian restaurants out there in Buffalo, this one was better than most, but just o.k. My boyfriend and I started out with the "House Burrata". I mean alright, so you get charred bread with a cool mixture of mozzarella and ricotta (which was probably the best thing). There are also tomatoes that go with the dish that are likely from a can. YUCK. For my entree I got the eggplant and sun-dried tomato ravioli and my boyfriend got the Carne pizza. My raviolis were veryyyyy garlicky. I wish I got to taste the eggplant a little more but the garlic just masked the flavor, and the ravioli in itself was hard, almost like it was left out or made days before. The pizza was okay, I like my pizza a little more doughy while my boyfriend likes his more crisp. It had good flavor but was a little soggy in the middle. The service was excellent though, and with checking in we were able to redeem a free glass of wine (yay!) Overall I think this place is worth checking out, but don't expect it to be an awesome place to grab italian.
Wow!!!!!!!!!    Nick is absolutely so personal and his staff is very polite!  I have eaten here at all hours of the day and have had all delicious meals!   I work downtown and fight with myself Dailey on not looking crazzy and making sure I don't go too often!!!  But I can't help myself! The location on the corner gives parking downtown easy and  convenient to the Resturante !  The bar is spacious and the seating is great!  Don't hesitate to go here , you will not be disappointed !!! Yummmmmmmy
Wonderful atmosphere. Felt I was in a bistro in NYC. Love the corner location and all the windows to look out. Bar was charming as well as the array of  cocktails and extensive wine list. People who worked there, make you feel like its your neighborhood bar/restaurant, right in the middle of the city. I couldn't stay for dinner but my friends stayed to eat and  said the food was fantastic and all fresh ingredients. 5 different entrees, all of them enjoyed it. Can't wait to go back and have a meal there myself. Must be a great chef!
The fillet Mignon was melt in you mouth perfect.  Nice atmosphere.  Would highly recommend a reservation for two, not for the family.
What a good find.  Owner is very gregarious and waiter was great.  The meatballs.... I want to die.  Felt like I was back in Jersey City in the 70's eating grandma meatballs-- meatballs.  Fluffy like air with great flavor.  A winner!
Had a great experience. Made reservations but our table of 6 was not seated until an hour after due to minor snafu. Didn't bother us because the bar area was fun to hang out in, and the drinks were really good. Authentic pasta fagioli was delicious. Had the filet special, and it was bursting with flavor. 2 others ordered pizza that was, well, not great. Was really looking forward to bread when it was brought in a paper bag. Figured it would be warm and doughy, but it was actually a little crispy. Sitting too long maybe?  I really liked the atmosphere, and the fact that the owner was very attentive. I hope the next time we go back, I can add a star.
I have never written a review before but this place TRULY earned it!  The ambience is wonderful. As your walk in the staff greets you warmly making feel welcome.  We had an appetizer - mozzarella stuffed with ricotta cheese with sprinkling off fresh basil and the sweetest cherry tomatoes w the best tasting olive oil.  It was served w sliced warm bread.  The entrée was fresh Al dente homemade ravioli stuffed with pureed eggplant and another vegetable on a bed slightly tart cherry tomatoes (owner's mom makes it).  Nice touch of pepper, seasoned just right.  I had an organismic experience!  The food was divine!  Forgot to mention,  they serve bread in a paper bag which is ripped open at the table. The bread is homemade served warm with olive oil infused with parmesano cheese, garlic and red pepper flakes.  What an experience!  Next time in Buffalo definitely plan to stop by! WONDERFUL WAITSTAFF! No pics,  too busy enjoying the meal!!!!!
Went here over the weekend and I can say it was just ok.... I expected more after reading the reviews and maybe I hyped it up too much in my head. With that being said, the service and food was average. For the cost of the entire meal, there are better italian places to go in Buffalo.
The food was great! The house-made bread, delivered fresh and steaming in a brown  paper bag was dense and delicious, and I was surprised to see tables who neglected to dive into their bags! My mother and I shared the Antipasta board to start. The house-cured meats were the star, while the two cheese offerings were not at flavorful, particularly the smoked mozzarella. For an entree I enjoyed the classic spaghetti and meatballs, with Sunday Sauce :), and was thrilled to see a beautiful mound of spaghetti with two baseball-size meatballs flanking the dish. I usually hesitate to order a dish like this in a restaurant because, quite frankly, no one makes meatballs like Mom or Grandma. This experience proved me wrong. The sauce was very good and the meatballs were moist and flavorful. I took one home for lunch the next day! My mother ordered the Sausage Tagatelle, and the bite I had was creamy with just the right amount of spice in the sausage. For dessert we shared the warm chocolate espresso cake, which was rich and presented a great balance of chocolate and coffee flavor. Next time I will skip the Antipasta board, which in my opinion was a bit overpriced, and the dessert and order more adventurously from the specials menu or the entree list, as this is where the food really shines. Service was prompt and friendly. Both our server and assistant were smiling, laughing, and making us laugh. The only note on service is our wait at the host stand when we first arrived. Although there was a host present, she was on the phone and did not acknowledge us for a number of minutes, which felt a little rude. Overall, the atmosphere was perfect for a Friday night with a date or friends. The bar was bustling and I hope to go back soon to explore more of the menu.
this place is great !  service - from owner Nick down to bar staff and waitstaff - terrific!  food is great - they make the pasta (fresh pasta tastes wayyy better )  and their own sausage - prices are reasonable - sunday sauce is yummy (forgive me mom) and their meatballs are huge and delicious -- specials every day compliment a great regular menu
I went here for lunch today with some coworkers and will definitely be back! We decided to sit on the patio which was on a quiet side street, directly behind the Statler and across the street from the Convention Center. From the menu we sampled the meatballs, stuffed pepper risotto cakes, the steak/beans & greens flat iron pizza, the fire roasted beet carpaccio salad, the grilled market vegetable salad and the woppy joe (love that name!) sandwich. All were delicious and there were no complaints at our table, just clean plates. Our server was so nice and accommodating, even after we mentioned we needed 5 separate checks and that we needed to leave within an hour. We also mentioned we were celebrating a birthday and the owner came over after our meals and offered us full size sangria and sparkling wine samples. He also mentioned having Wednesday night happy hours/wine & cheese sampling. Overall it was a really pleasant lunch experience and I'm looking forward to going back for dinner and happy hour(s)!
Went tonight after a day at the convention center.  Menu was interesting and different, but the plate was not.  Service was fine and friendly, and prompt with a fresh pot of coffee.  Ordered a special of pumpkin ravioli. Alas the food was stone cold, as were the scallops ordered by my dinner companion.  My ravioli had seen some heat at some point  as 2 were burned, but were cold to the touch.  We sent both plates back, and they were returned after a trip to the oven to reheat them, since my one bite was still missing and the burned ones were still there.  I expected a fresh plate.  To call it Italian is a bit odd as the offerings were not typical Italian.  Would not return or recommend it to others.
Good value, great service.  The Wood Pizza was excellent and the Seafood Pasta Entree was outstanding.  Highly recomended.
Nick was very gracious and invited us right in. We were weary travelers who blew into to town and were looking for some good food. We weren't sure if this place would be ok for kids or not but that changed about 2 seconds after we walked in. Nick immediately became best friends with my 5 yr old daughter and gave her and my son some chalk to decorate the table!  There's no kids menu as this place is certainly geared towards the Buffalo hipster crowd but don't let that stop you. Loved the fried risotto and the pork chop!! Good luck, Nick. I hope your new restaurant is a great success!
Lunch was delicious! I had the eggplant sandwich with goat cheese, it was divine. The service was excellent as well, attentive, friendly and helpful! Everything you could ask for in a restaurant.
Food was fresh, delicious and promptly served. Enjoyable, relaxed atmosphere with attentive and gracious staff. I will definitely be back in the future!
I was so excited to try Osteria for the 1st time-especially with all the great reviews! I want to begin by saying the food was good, the service was ok, but the portions were RIDICULOUSLY undersized!!!! I ordered the shellfish diablo and there were about 2 mussels, clams, and shrimp and a total of 3 noodles. My husband had the ravioli and while it was good, we both left hungry while paying a pretty pricey bill considering the amount of food we actually consumed. I'm really disappointed and will probably not return anytime soon.
The food is simple, but that doesn't mean that it isn't good. I stayed away from their sandwiches and pasta, and was surprisingly happy for it. Smearing burrata over toasted bread and soaking up the left over juices of tomatoes with foccaccia left everything packed with flavor. But I think that the best advertisement was the risotto...a side dish that costs $5 and doesn't really pop out on the menu. I've heard chefs talk about how a good risotto should be: creamy, but you should be able to feel every grain of rice when it's in your mouth. They certainly delivered, and it was packed with flavor. That's the one thing I would make a point of having again if I ever come back to visit.
Great Food Great Service Great place
Three visits later - Still six stars! Today, I went for lunch and had the Woppy Joe sandwich which was just too creative and hilarious for me to pass up. It was also quite tasty. On my second visit, I had the Buctini Carbonara which was very rich and delicious. My photo was way too dark to correct and post, but they have a great one on their site. Corina, at the bar has recognized me on both of my returns. She's great and really makes you feel at home. There are places I have been with people, places that bring back certain memories, and I just don't want Osteria 166 to ever be tainted like that.  I've decided I want to keep this place all to myself. That's how much I love it there!
Just a few blocks' walk from Hotel Lafayette, this place really hit the spot. We were quickly seated in the bar area. Seating options there are banquettes, high-top tables or at the bar. The wine prices were very reasonable, and the list was big enough to please all. Loved the bread; they brought a non-dairy dipping oil for me. Saw (but didn't order) The Carl, their giant meatball appetizer. Really great service. I think that the owner was one of the guys buzzing our table to make sure that we were enjoying ourselves. We were, as were everyone around us, it seemed.
My husband and I were in Buffalo for the Patriots vs. Bills game. The night before the game we came here and were blown away! Their food was amazing and the atmosphere was welcoming. Our server Jay had a great sense of humor and friendly. Both my husband and I had the veal parm. So good! I would recommend this place to anyone. But he advised that if you don't have reservations you may not be seated. We were lucky to find a seat in the bar.
1. We went on a Saturday night and found it way too loud with live music, TV on in the bar area, and a large party in the main dining area. It was hard to hear one another where we were seated. 2. Our salads were good: house salad and arugula and grilled fig.  Nothing to complain about here. 3. Our entrees were over priced and poor in quality.  We ordered the bowl of steamed mussels.  At least 6 were unopened (meaning they weren't steamed properly or they were dead when steamed--should not have been served).  They did not taste fresh. 4. We ordered the eggplant and sundried tomato ravioli.  Here is the description from the menu on the website: "Ravioli stuffed with roasted eggplant, Ricotta cheese and sun-dried tomato pesto, topped with crushed tomato marinara and eggplant caponatta."  The ravioli was merely stuffed with herbs and ricotta cheese.  They reminded me of something you would buy in bulk at Costco, certainly not house made. They were topped with tomato marinara and eggplant caponatta (which was true to the menu's description).  There was no eggplant inside the ravioli or sundried tomato pesto. 5. Our wine (which we allowed our server to upsell us on) was tasty.  He made good recommendations. We've made better ravioli (store bought) at home and definitely better mussels.  Really disappointing for the price point.  We thought about leaving when we were seated and the music was so loud. I wish we had.  Perhaps we should have said something in the restaurant, but we were tired and hungry after a long day of travel and didn't know Buffalo well enough to try anything different.  Save your money and spend it on a place where the meals are accurately described on the menu.
This is our number one spot in Buffalo to take out of town friends and family.  We love this place and want to share it with everyone!  Every meal has been filled with flavor.  The options on the menu are endless.  We can't wait to go back and try the next entree!  Being from an italian family I am very picky on restaurants.  I always feel that the best italian meal comes out of our own kitchen.  Osteria166 is our only exception!  We've had the pizza, burrata, salads, veal, ravioli and pasta with sunday sauce.  All were amazing!  I would recommend to anyone!
We were making a visit to Niagara and decided to spend a day visiting the American side and spent the night in Buffalo.  We tried the obligatory Wings stop, but for dinner we were looking for something different.  This place was only a short walk from the hotel (it's across from convention center too). When we arrived the dining area was full, but the host offered to set us up at a high top in the bar.  The waiter was very friendly and despite us being in the bar area he made every effort to make sure our service was on par with the main dining area.  There were many options on the menu.  They have sandwiches, classic meat entrees (chicken,steak,etc), Pizza and Pastas.  Based on some previous Yelp reviewers, 3 of us tried the spaghetti and meat balls.  It was excellent.  My wife had the Philly Rustica pizza and raved about it.  The pizza was large enough, that I got to share a slice or two. Overall, I'd say this was a great stop for a casual Italian dinner.
Had reservations for 6 people at 6pm and we were seated immediately. They have a wide variety of menu items so you'll have no problem finding something you like. The food was outstanding! Everything was fresh and homemade. The wait staff was perfect. A great evening. My only complaint - the menus were so big that they were awkward to hold and talk to someone.
Just great. So good to see a restaurant finally succeed at this address. Osteria has a warm hip loud vibe, friendly kinda sassy staff, and a big interesting rich Italian menu. That they really deliver on.   My pesce cruda was a sort of Italian sashimi, slices of scallop and tuna cured with lime and served with wasabi, lemon zests, and truffle oil. Terrific, and new me. Everybody at our table liked what they had. And, they have a big selection of gluten free options incl pasta and good rolls, which I appreciate. Our server, Sam (Samantha), was great- fun, attentive, and made great suggestions. Lastly, I found the prices reasonable. A delightful dinner for 6 big eaters was $317 incl drinks and tip. Just be aware, 1) it's mostly pretty rich food, and 2) it's loud. We were fine with both those things. Normally you might think 5 stars should be reserved for a really high end pretentious place. Osteria is less formal than that, and way friendlier; it deserves 5 stars for what it is.
OMG this place is phenomenal As an Italian I am very proud to tell you it's a great restaurant definitely have their pizzas Excellent food excellent service excellent pricing
Well, maybe their food is great, if you can eat it.  I tried to get a reservation tonight instead of just showing up.  No room within 3 hours of when I wanted to eat, no sorry, just hung up on me when I said no thanks.  I'd been meaning to try this place for a while before I called tonight, and I suspect it'll be a long while before I try again.
I asked a foodie friend of mine where to take some college friends visiting Buffalo for the weekend. He suggested Osteria 166 and asked to join us because he wanted to try the place himself. He made a reservation for four. Upon arriving, the hostess was very friendly and the atmosphere relaxed and unpretentious. We checked in on Yelp* and got a free glass of house wine. Two of us got the Shiraz and one got the Pinot Noir. Both were quality. Our water was always promptly refilled and our waitress, Kyle, was nothing but pleasant. First, our server brought out focaccia for the table. It was warm and delicious, even better when dipped in the seasoned olive oil with parmesan that accompanied it. For appetizers, we ordered the Stuffed Pepper Risotto Cakes and Burrata. I preferred the Risotto Cakes of the two-- they had a crispy, light breading and a creamy risotto filling. The Burrata was good, but I probably wouldn't order it next time. For my entree, I ordered the Bucatini Carbonara. I loved the thick noodles, the creamy, rich sauce, the sweet peas, and the perfectly crisp panchetta. Overall, this dish was amazing. My friends ordered the Porchetta sandwich, the Meatball sandwich, and the Chicken and Cappellini. They all enjoyed their food just as much as I did. The truffle parmesan chips served with the sandwiched got rave reviews from the table. I can't wait to try Osteria again.
Fantastic and authentic Italian restaurant.  Great atmosphere and even better food. "The Carl" appetizer is a must and the meatballs (flavorful / melt in your mouth) and sauce reminded me of my mom's homemade.  I ordered eggplant ravioli and wanted to lick my plate. Seriously, if you didn't grow up Italian, this is as close as you can get to genuine homemade. If you did grow up Italian, it will take you back to your childhood and you won't be disappointed. Just be sure to save room for dessert:  warm deep fried donut hole thingys (think Tim Bits only a million times better), coconut/chocolate flour-less cake, and their take on the cannoli (spread filling on shell crisps) make it worth coming here just for dessert (but you'd kick yourself for not having the whole meal).
Impromptu Facebook reservation (love the link on their FB page) after getting a new hair cut to our local italian eatery.  Started with a house bottle of Pinot Noir ($22) and some mozzarella bread with nanis basil infused sauce for dipping ($6).  Then had the risotto special of the day with peas and garlic scape($5).  Followed by home made italian sausage and campenelle ($16). My husband had the pork chop special with apricots and rosemary coulis and arugula salad ($28). First - FB link to open table is great.  We were greeted and seated immediately Service-fantastic. Had good suggestions and feedback on the menu.  Wasn't forced or only trying to upsell Wine $22 can't go wrong.  Typical cheap table wine. But it was a Pinot.  So that's nice Bread was ok- cheese wasn't completly melted.   Sauce was delicious.   My pasta was amazing. Probably could have had the lunch portion have more than half to go home.  Sausage had a lite spice but not too much and sauce was creamy and delicious. Rapini in the mix helped balance the whole thing out. Pork chop was a bit fatty. But otherwise a nice medium sear.   Have been here before.  And will come back.  Great time as always
Perfection from the service to the selection to the quality to the price. I usually order what's unusual but chose the basics here because they are the true test of a good restaurant. The $5 small side salad was full of artichoke, tomato, Parmesan, and great lettuces. Homemade spaghetti, homemade sauce,  and a melt in your mouth meatball accompanied by garlicky bread dipped in olive oil all under $20. The texture of the pasta was delightful, and there was a dollop of ricotta. I tried dessert because of the Yelp ravers, and found it fresh and perfectly sweetened.
Amazing food. Butternut squash ravioli were to die for. Boy friend got the tamahawk steak cooked to perfection (Rare). Great mix of flavors to please any palette. Will definitely return! :)
Absolutely perfect! Great food and an awesome staff. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great night out!
Today I went into Osteria 166 with my girlfriend to try it one last time. My previous 2 experiences were not so great, but the food wasn't bad so I decided to give it another go. We only had an hour for lunch so when our server Jackie asked us if we were in a rush or wanted to relax, we took the first option. She wrote the letter "F" on our chalkboard cover table and walked away. They are not kidding, F means fast and they brought the food right out. I really like this little option because I know I can get in and out or relax without leaving it to chance. We ordered 2 lunch specials, the Shrimp Salad Wrap and the Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Although I didn't actually eat the Shrimp Salad Wrap, Ally thought it was delicious. The dressing on the side salad (a lemon parsley oil based type) made this dish light a "summery". The Chicken Parmesan sandwich was...AMAZING. I am from Long Island, NY and grew up on these from pizza shops and Italian restaurants for lunch. This one blew them all away. The hero/sub/hoagie roll was super soft and warm, the sauce was tangy and delicious (next time I might order a side of it to dip the sandwich/bread in), and the chicken was flattened, beautifully breaded, and moist (all of this with a generous helping of melty mozzarella cheese and a side of their delightful parmesan/truffle oil potato chips.) Props to the chef! Our service this time was perfect. Jackie was fast, accurate, and came over to the table just the right amount of times. Not once did we feel forgotten or annoyed. Excellent What a great lunch. If you are downtown, give this palce a go. I can't wait to come back!
Outstanding!  We entertained out of town guests for a birthday celebration and 2 weeks later our guests are still saying how much they enjoyed the restaurant, and that it is first on their list when they return.  Knowledgeable, helpful and warm service.  Every app and entree delectable.
Paris is split into 4 compass-oriented districts, known as areas (eria in French). There is the Nord-eria (North), the Sud-eria (South), the Ouest-eria (West), and of course the Italian quarter, better known as the Ost-eria (East). There is also the Mexican zone, known as the Taqu-eria, and the Buffalonian zone, known as the Wing-eria. This place is run by French people (hence it's kind of fancy) who are from the Ost-eria, so they named the place after their home neighborhood in Paris. The number "166" refers to the number of customers that the owner has managed to seduce since going into business (pretty impressive/appalling depending on your point of view). It has nothing to do with the fact that this place is at 166 Franklin. Much like Franklin is absolutely not named after Benjamin. This place is slightly out of my price range and a little out of my comfort zone too. I just never enjoyed dining at the fancier places. Ironically this place is what most fancy people and fancy-place-connoisseurs would describe as "casual". For me, this place is just a little bit above my fancy cut off line. Maybe if and when I have large amounts of disposable income... but definitely not now. With that in mind, I didn't really stick around... I was delighted to notice that the oft-lauded meatball is only $4, and gleefully ordered it to go. I was very impressed by the size and the fact that it came slathered in cheese and delicious homemade tomato sauce, so for $4 it was actually a pretty decent sized snack, which I shared with a friend and was still able to save half of it for later. At $4, I really don't care how fancy or pricey a place is, if something so delicious is $4 then you've won me over. I only rate based on the deliciousness of the food, and while this meatball wasn't as magnificent as the best meatball I've ever had, just down the road over the Skyway at Mulberry in Lackawanna... it was a very very good meatball... juicy, flavourful, large, and the perfect texture and taste to totally rock my meatballs. Special thanks to Lindsay for the recommendation in her review that sealed the deal and led me to try this. I'm very glad I did. As I said, the sauce and the cheese on it complemented it perfectly, and so based ONLY on the meatball (which I was told is the best thing at the place!), I'm giving Osteria a 5. However bear in mind that I've never sampled the rest of the menu, nor have I done what is the "done" thing, and sat down and had a proper meal here. And with prices like this, I probably won't be doing so anytime soon. My meals tend to be $10 and under unless I'm sharing ;) This place was the 5th place on my "crazy Monday evening food tour" which consisted of some WOW places (Spice Bazaar, Kalypso), some very good places (Kung Food, Osteria), some places I didn't order from (Guercio's stop making sandwiches at 3pm, Luca was out of blood orange sorbetto) and also Press Raw Juice Bar (delicious and expensive), Zip's Pizza on Grant (not as good as the Hertel one), and Old Pink (wasn't into it). I went to so many places in such a short space of time that Yelp wouldn't even let me check into all of them. Typical me. Yelp needs to buy new servers to keep up with me.
Great place for lunch on a weekday. Pretty happening bar for Post work. Ate there on a Saturday recently and the food was excellent as always but the dining area was very loud. One table seemed to be nearly yelling and then everyone had to speak more loudly to compensate. It was better once they left. My wife is in love with their meatballs. I'm a big fan of the porcetta and the carbonara (not together obviously).
Very nice restaurant in dowtown Buffalo, just across the Hyatt hotel, where I stayed for a conference. I had dinner with my girlfriend and we have absolutely no complaints at all! Great food, I got the swordfish puttanesca from the specials and my gf ordered the ravioli, both very tasty and presented neatly. You check in here and get a free glass of wine. On top of that the service was impeccable, fast but not too fast, not too many 'how are we doing here' and the waiter accommodated all our requests. We got to talk with Michael, I think that was the name of the owner, nice guy, offered us limoncello. 5 stars.
We were in Buffalo for a swim meet, and having sat through our fair share of meets this summer, my friends and I decided delicious dinners were our reward this weekend. Who knew this town had so many great choices? By far and away the best choice is Osteria 166. This restaurant is so good we went one night with the girls and the next night we brought the swimmers. The ambiance is great, the owner is personally welcoming and our servers both nights were helpful with suggestions and honest opinions. I love it when a server actually has an opinion, shares their favorites and doesn't just fall back on "everything is great." My friend is an oyster aficionado and ordered the appetizer special both nights. She said they were the best she ever had. High praise! The chicken lasagna was filling and delicious, the ravioli was yummy, and the meatballs in the spaghetti and meatballs lived up to their "melt in your mouth" expectations. Having several swimmers with us required a restaurant with large portion sizes. The prices are great, the food takes Italian cuisine to a new level and the place is just fun. We'll be going back the next time we're in Buffalo.
I had high expectations. First, I'll start with what impressed me. I liked the atmosphere and the owner was awesome. Really nice guy. At the bar, try the shot skis! Literally a ski with 4 shots on it. Fun! The food ingredients are all fresh. I ordered octopus appetizer, it was 3 tiny bites. Yes, it was tasty but way too small.  I had the swordfish special and it was too mushy. My husband had the shellfish fra diavlo and that was delish. I would give this place another try,  just wasn't impressed with my meal
There was nothing wrong with the food, just not a lot of flexibility. Most places you can get a pasta with sauce. Here, you basically have to order off the menu. They serve Lake Effect Ice Cream here, but their scoop size is about half of what you get elsewhere, and it's $7.
When you first sit at your table, you are surrounded by classic Italian eatery decor. They have a large wine list with several varieties.  I ordered a cocktail, a negroni to be precise, and it was perfect.   For the entree, I ordered the veal with Sunday sauce and pasta.  The portion was generous, in fact, I had to stop to save room for dessert.  The veal was tender and the sauce was delicious with a nice, peppery note at the end. I ordered the Key Lime Creme Brûlée for dessert.  I was smooth and had a strong lime hit, but was tempered by the blueberry compote and whipped cream. The server, Sam, was attentive and prompt.  And gleefully gave suggestions as to her favorites on the menu.   This restaurant would be nice for a couple or party of four....or even to stop by for a really nice drink.
MEATBALLS. Do yourself a favor and order at least one. Seriously, they're the best I think I've ever had from a restaurant anywhere (and better than all of my Italian relatives' too! Shhhhh!). I was soooooooo impressed with their homemade pasta. Spaghetti, lasagna noodles, ravioli noodles. All so very very good. We came for Restaurant Week. I ordered a meatball, the chicken lasagna, and the zeppole. You know how I feel about the meatball... The chicken lasagna was good. So very very rich. The tiny piece served was disappointing at first but I don't think I could have eaten more. The zeppole... Oh the zeppole! I didn't even care about the chocolate sauce. I just wanted those delicious little donuts. They were hot and fresh and melt in your mouth. Mmm! I tried the spaghetti, ravioli, and cannoli dip. All awesome! As usual I was impressed. Osteria 166 is some of my favorite Italian in all of WNY. Molto Bene!
We had a party of 15 and made a reservation FAR in advance, and still had to wait 45 minutes after our reservation time for a table. They did provide us with 2 free bottles of wine and some free aps, which were ready as soon as we sat down, so that kind of made up for it. Really great food and drinks. Would recommend aside from the wait even with a reservation.
Some friends & I decided to end restaurant week 2014 with a Saturday night dinner reservation at Osteria, and overall we had a great experience. We started off right by claiming our free glass of wine by checking in on Yelp! The vibe & decor is a nice, modern Italian-American style that you'd expect. Nice and dim, but not the Haunted Catacombs-level of dim that some restaurants unfortunately achieve. I took advantage of the restaurant week deal and selected the Stuffed Pepper appetizer, Pork Osso Bucco entree, and Strawberry Gelato dessert. The pepper was awesome, but I will warn you, it's hella spicy! Osteria's redsauce is fantastic. The Pork Osso Bucco was excellent. The pork practically melted in my mouth, and the risotto tasted great, although the rice could have been a bit more cooked, but that's just my personal preference.  The gelato didn't disappoint, either, though I was too full to enjoy much of it. The owner came around a couple times and introduced himself and made us feel welcome. Our entrees could have came out quicker, but it was a full house on a Saturday night, so we understood. Overall, my first Osteria experience was positive and I'll be returning for sure.
My new favorite Buffalo eatery!  A family-owned and operated establishment which is warm and inviting. The warm welcome is exceeded by the quality of the food and ambience. Michael, the bartender, served with grace and aplomb. His suggestions related to menu items and wine were terrific. I started with the beet carpaccio salad...not a typo- arugula, goat cheese, thin sliced beets. Incredible!  I ordered the spaghetti and Sunday sauce, but Michael suggested instead his Grandmother's home-spun ravioli. It was delicious. Banana peppers are a Buffalo classic. No disappointment here!  The dinner was completed by a complimentary zeppolo and strawberries. I shouldn't, I couldn't...but I did! Get In Here!
BEWARE all of you other downtown Buffalo restaurants: Osteria is going to put you out of business.  Period. Conveniently located downtown (1 block from city hall, 2 blocks from Chippewa Street and across the street from the Convention Center) and modestly priced, this place has become one of my new favorite restaurants. I sampled most of their standard appetizers and I'm having a hard time finding any NOT worth Yelping about.  My recommendation is the House Burrata & Chared Breads: a giant baked mozzarella ball w/ fresh tomatoes and basil w/ toasted bread.  If you're still hungry or have a large party, try the Stuffed Pepper Risotto Cakes.  There are (4) of them but they're kind of heavy and filling. As far as entree are concerned, I really like their homemade family recipe for meatballs, so anything with those.  You can even get their marvelous meatballs as a side order.  Not in a meatball mood?  Then I'll let you know that I most recently had the Buscatini Carbonara.  Carbonara is a pretty traditional dish from central Italy made with pecorino romano cheese, pancetta bacon, cracked black peppercorn and a raw egg yolk (don't worry, you don't woof it down like Rocky did, the egg cooks in the hot pasta and create a rich, creamy sauce).  Osteria adds peas to this mixture, which I originally thought was odd, but my taste buds overroad my original prejudices when it was awesome. Two thumbs up with a smile.
This place gets top Yelp ratings and deserves it. Met at the door on a Monday evening by the owner. Very pleasant staff served me and gave me good recommendations. You almost can't go wrong here. The specials all sounded great, but I opted for the small plate entree and an app. That was good portions. Save room for desert. Very tempting options. I'm never a desert guy, but this was very worth it. The chicken and waffle is a big portion. A rare 5 stars from me. Enjoy!
Seriously disappointed in the quality of food. Our server Mitchell was great.
This place is great. From the accommodating wait-staff to the delicious food. Highly recommend!!
I absolutely loved this restaurant. The appetizers were delicious, especially the stuffed pepper risotto cakes, and my entree was also amazing, pollo with capellini. The service was very friendly and prompt. I can't wait to go back!
First time here and atmosphere is enjoyable, service is great and food is delicious. Our waitress, Kelsey, was very sweet and attentive.
I went to Osteria 166 for lunch today.  I started with a bowl of Pasta Fagioli.  I had to return it twice because it wasn't hot,  it was like a luke warm.  The third time they borught it out to me I had to lie and tell them it was hot.  I was so hungry I ended up eating it.  I also ordered the Steak & Spinach pizza.  I only ate about 2 slices and that was really good.   All in all it was good but next time I will skip the soup.
Last night was my first time at Osteria 166. I was accompanied by three friends to check out Restaurant Week 2014. We arrived promptly for our 7:30 reservation and had to wait just a few minutes while our table was cleared off. I have to admit, I was pretty disappointed that I couldn't use the Yelp check-in offer for a glass of house wine because apparently Restaurant Week is also an offer and you can't use more than one offer per visit. Really, one glass of wine? Okay, that's fine. Luckily the service was pretty good considering our indecisiveness and the food was delicious. I started with the stuffed banana pepper and yes - other Yelpers are correct - it was awesome! Stuffed with the perfect amount of ricotta and parmesan cheese! I then had the Pork Osso Bucco which, from their menu, is a "pork shank braised in rich stout ale with garlic, onions and herbs over parmesan risotto and braise reduction." I actually couldn't even eat it all, I was more stuffed than my Stuffed Banana Pepper! The risotto was delectable and the pork was incredibly tender. Two of my friends got the Chicken Lasagna and were disappointed with the portion size. They also weren't aware the lasagna had some mushrooms in it and weren't too pleased with that. My third friend got the Seafood Fra Diavalo, "clams, muscles, and shrimp in a spicy tomato sauce over torchietti" and was satisfied. Overall, a pretty good experience with great company. Thank you, Osteria 166.
Found this gem using Yelp and decided to give it a try based on good reviews. My wife loves Italian food and is always looking for some place new.  I can tell you that we were both pleasantly surprised! Firstly, I made the reservation through Open Table, which always gives me pause, but our table was indeed reserved when we checked in with the hostess. Whew! The place was very busy and we had to wait about 20 minutes beyond our reservation time for a seat. Not fantastic, but not a deal killer, it just so happened we showed up during Restaurant Week which probably made things a bit more hectic than normal. The appetizer and meals we ordered were simply outstanding. My wife opted for the crab encrusted cod, and myself on a bone-in filet special. The filet was honestly one of the best steaks I've had in my life, and I have been to all the big name steakhouses in Vegas, NYC, etc.. and many of the small out of the way places as well. I can't wait to go back just to order it again. Tiramisu and coffee to round out the night and we were a happy, and extremely full couple. The owner, Nick, stopped by our table to greet us. A pleasant fellow, his table-side visit reminded me of the times long ago when Ilio DiPaolo would stop by to greet at his restaurant.  It says a lot when an owner is on site and involved, and I have no doubt that if we were unhappy in any way, he would have made it right. One point of note, it is a bit loud inside acoustically, and I sometimes had difficulty hearing my wife, like when she asks me to cut the lawn. However if you are looking for some privacy in your conversation, the noise level might be a plus.
Excellent lunch great service.  Located next to the buffalo convention center, any easy walk for a great italian lunch .  healthy and unique menu.  Very cool atmosphere as well.  You won't  be disappointed.
Excellent lunch great service.  Located next to the buffalo convention center, any easy walk for a great italian lunch .  healthy and unique menu.  Very cool atmosphere as well.  You won't  be disappointed.
Excellent customer service!!  We really enjoyed Osteria's food at Polar Bites so we stopped in after the event. The owner and chef were at the bar to greet us when we walked in.  Great drinks and a great atmosphere.  Live music on a Thursday night!!   Our previous dinners here have been excellent.
A hidden gem in downtown buffalo. Excellent service, outstanding wine selections & the food was pretty delicious! Will definitely go back the next time I visit Buffalo.
Nick is a wonderful restaurateur: jovial, welcoming, and on the ball. As this is not so commonplace, I was impressed and delighted. We went on a Friday night and it was teeming with people, which made the din quite deafening. That is why I am giving the place four and not five stars. The server we had was super friendly and attentive, but not hovering. Thankfully, we were seated in the back room. I loved the decor, which included a wall unit that combined elements of a fireplace and a large piece of art. The lighting level was just right, not like an OR, and not so dark we couldn't read the menus. As for the food, everything we had was delicious. The beet salad has already been praised here, and rightfully so. It, and the arugula salads were huge and wonderful to share. The mussel stew was flavorful, and the antipasti attractively presented and fresh. We had a great time and enjoyed every morsel. The only reason we haven't been back is the noise level; however there are plans to give it a try on a week night.
I was quite surprised that after reading many positive reviews and Osteria's current 4.5 Yelp rating, my experience today didn't seem to match up... Good: prompt and friendly service Disappointing: atmosphere (noise level was loud and no music); food temperature (all plates at our table were lukewarm); food itself (I ordered the eggplant ravioli and they didn't taste like they were made in house, possibly frozen). Overall, I just wasn't blown away. Tip: attire is very (almost too) casual.
The single best Italian restaurant in Buffalo. Our food was delicious but still out quickly. The servers were lovely. The prices were totally reasonable. Osteria is delicious Italian without the pretentiousness.
I can't remember the last time I felt like this in a restaurant. My husband and I fly out of the Buffalo airport frequently and it's most convenient to stay over downtown the night before. We always get into town late in the evening and because of this, we didn't walk into Osteria 166 until about 10 minutes before they closed. We have both served before and so asked if it would be possible to get something to eat. The owner said, "of course," and when I said, half jokingly "okay, but are you really going to be thinking about how much you hate us," he said quite seriously "Of course not, I'm going to welcome you like you are family and thank you genuinely for coming." And that set the tone for what became one of our most memorable meals in recent history, possibly ever. The owner of Osteria is an incredibly passionate and effusive man, who in the evenings works the bar with his nephew. They graciously guided us around the high points of a traditional italian menu (with some modern touches) after we sat down at the bar - and then proceeded to wine and dine the hell out of us. Good scotch we'd never seen before (and we drink a lot of it.) Beautiful fresh mozzarella and crostini, fabulous naples-style pizza, rich baked pasta with fresh cheeses, gorgeous home-made meatballs (nonna made them, not even kidding you) fresh porketta, dark chocolate - all with the most incredible wine and incredible service and conversation. Incredible, incredible people. I lived in Italy for several months at a time on multiple occasions, and there is one experience that I've never truly been able to find back here in North America - the incredible family restaurant, with owners who truly hope you will come and you will STAY until you are full, hope you will return again and again and come to know them, and experience not just good food, but good feelings and good atmosphere. This is how it is here. They obviously see the food they serve as an extension of themselves, they put their whole hearts into it, they care - so much - about every detail. It is so easy to see why this restaurant is one of the top rated establishments in the city, and we've already decided that a visit to Osteria will be an essential part of any trip to, through, or flying from the Buffalo area. Brava, brava - ti amo!!
Osteria 166 is excellent. I went in for a very late lunch the day after the bar exam, and it was a treat.  I had the burrata and charred breads and the spaghetti and meatball.  The burrata was delicious and very filling--I hardly had room for the spaghetti.  The spaghetti was also delicious.  The pasta was prepared well, and the sauce was flavorful and fresh.  The bread they bring in a paper bag was also delicious and fresh. Service was friendly.  And the price was great.  Highly recommended.
Yum! The food was really delicious and the service was nice. Yet, to begin the night, we had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated despite the fact that we had a reservation. Not a big deal, but still slightly frustrating. Once we were seated, however, everything was amazing. My friend and I started by sharing the house burrata and charred breads along with the fire-roasted beet carpaccio. The stewed tomatoes that accompanied the burrata were mouth-wateringly delicious while the beet dish was heaped with a generous portion of fresh and feisty arugula, one of my favorite vegetables! Our entrees arrived while we were still working on the appetizers, which worked out because all the dishes went well together. I ordered the eggplant and sun dried tomato ravioli. It was pleasantly light but I expected (and hoped) that the eggplant, sun dried tomato pesto, and spinach would play a more prominent role in the dish. They all seemed to be blended into the ravioli filling, making for a nice texture but a more uniform dish than I would have liked. My friend ordered the shellfish fra diavolo and said it was delicious but very spicy, almost too spicy to enjoy. Overall, the experience felt cozy and comfortable. This is a place I would absolutely try again.
Went here for a Valentine's Day dinner.  Because of the holiday, and an event in the bar, they had a special menu.  I was disappointed that we couldn't get some of the normal menu items that look great, but what we did get was excellent. We started with the housemade burrata.  The first bite was just ok, but after sprinkling on a touch of salt the tomatoes, ricotta, and mozzarella really exploded with flavor. I added a house salad with my entree.  So often these are afterthoughts, but their house dressing was delicious, and the salad had quite a few olives, pieces of artichoke, and a fruit that was diced up tiny enough that I couldn't quite identify it/remember what it was. For entrees my wife had the Torchetta Bolognese.  A super-rich, perfect bolognese sauce.  I had the Wild Boar and Oxtail Ragu.  The meat was super tender, the sauce was deep and rich.  I like that the bread came out alongside the entrees rather than earlier, because that's what bread is for at an Italian meal - mopping up all the sauce. We were feeling full but had to check out the dessert menu.  I ordered the zeppoles with chocolate sauce/marshmallows.  The marshmallows themselves are really just a small step up from cereal marshmallows.  The chocolate sauce was decent, but the freshly fried donut holes dusted with cinnamon sugar were fantastic.  My wife had a bowl of gingerbread gelato that was definitely more than just some ice cream in a bowl.  It was carefully plated, super creamy, and a nice finish to the meal.  I also had a cappuccino that hit the spot - served in a full-sized mug. They have a small but well-considered beer list including CBW.  I should've investigated the scotch selection which the waitress told us is good because the owner is into scotch. Lastly, many others mention the owner, and he was visible in the dining room and stopped by to ask us how the meal was when we were done. A beer, a soft drink, an app, a salad, two entrees, two desserts, and a cappuccino was under $100 before tip. We'll be back.
Great food, great staff/service. We checked in on yelp and received our free glass of wine while we waited for our table. During dinner the owner came over and we had a great time with him. I will be going back, and I always recommend Osteria 166 to guests at the hotel I work at.
Osteria 166 has been my new favorite restaurant since I first went there with friends a few months ago, I had heard such wonderful things about the new restaurant, and it did not disappoint!! I love the food, the family feel and the atmosphere. However, I was completely blown away on my last visit,  I was sitting outside on the patio having dinner and asked the waitress what the person at another table was having, it looked so good! She told me,  I asked if it was a special, she smiled and said, "no, but the young girl had been wanting to go to Osteria all day and really wanted it, so the Chef made it especially for her,  I was so impressed! This is not a dish that is on the menu or on the specials menu, NO ONE does that!! If I wasn't impressed enough before, I am now! That says something special about the chef and staff at Osteria 166! Bravo!!
This was a solid restaurant: good ingredients, good cooking, and generous portions. I would recommend this place to someone who's hungry and wants a decent meal, all without breaking the bank. It's not the best meal I've ever had but Osteria166 stands out positively in my book. The place can be a little loud - absolutely no sound dampening to be found. You have to raise your voice to be heard and so I would not recommend this place if you are trying to get to know someone. This restaurant uses really great, high quality, and fresh ingredients. Bread is served out of a paper bag (which I didn't really understand) with an olive oil and spice dip. Good and filling with middle of the road ingredients. Still for free bread, impressive. Food I had tonight, orange poached beet carpaccio, classic flatbread, chicken and waffle, mussel stew, and truffle oil parmesan chips. I was impressed by the ingredients - the arugula was punchy and spicy, parmesan earthy and sweet, batter on the chicken crispy. Clearly, the chef is very talented and the cooking techniques were done very well. I was most impressed with the deboned chicken in the chicken and waffle. The pieces were succulent and perfectly cooked. What I didn't think work so well were the flavors. Every time I took a bite of food, I would think, "wow, this whipped marscapone is really good", and "wow this piece of orange in my salad is awesome." But for some reason the dishes never quite came together. I loved parts of each dish, but never the whole dish as a whole. This was really the only thing that keeps me from giving it 5/5 stars. As far as value goes, it doesn't get much better than osteria 166. You'd be hard pressed to find any restaurant that offers the quality of food that Osteria 166 is able to bring to the table. To top it off, the portion of everything I had tonight was enormous and I brought home 2/3 of each of the dish I had. The chicken and waffle tower was so gigantic and so precariously perched in a massive tower, I had a good laugh watching my husband disassemble it so that he could decide how to tackle it.
I usually like to visit a restaurant twice before I write a review, but I was very pleased with my visit to Osteria 166 for lunch today. It was quiet because of the holiday, so we had the place to ourselves. The atmosphere was pleasant and the staff was friendly. We started with the House Burrata and then I had the lunch portion of Chicken Lasagna which was good. The parmesan sauce was very rich, almost too much for me but overall, the meal was enjoyable. My friend had the Eggplant & Sun-dried Tomato Ravioli. The lunch portion was two huge ravioli that looked delicious. My friend cleaned her plate. There are so many delicious sounding options on the menu that I can't wait to go back and try something else.
What a gem. Visited on a Monday night. From the start we felt welcomed. The owner, Nick is not only present but he makes it a point to talk to everyone. I was with a large group and seated at the "family table" as Nick calls it. Pictures of his family spanning generations are artfully displayed on the wall. The room is warm and cozy, it feels like home. Our server Samantha was wonderful. She guided us through the menu with suggestions on what to order. We certainly weren't disappointed. Great wine list! (Ask Nick for some suggestions). You MUST try the Banana Pepper Risotto Sticks and the Beet and Arugula Salad. Both will keep you coming back for more. After all the great appetizers I was happy to find that a smaller portion was available. The Seafood fra Diavolo was the perfect portion and was out of this world. The pasta and each piece of seafood was perfectly cooked and the sauce was spot on. Lucky for us the experience didn't end there.  The desserts were out of this world... Cannoli Dip (don't ask, just trust me) and Zeppole are unique and wonderful!! Enjoy!!
I stopped in here for lunch because I happened to be in the area. The menu has some very nice options and the waitstaff were very nice. The kitchen was willing to make changes to the menu to accommodate my low-carb diet, and they sent me out a very generously portioned salad version of their chicken wrap. Lunch is a busy time and all of the tables quickly filled.  The waitress had a little trouble keeping tabs on everyone, but that's a learning experience/training issue.  My table was by a pillar and the waitress forgot about me halfway through my meal. The hostess gladly brought me water when I flagged her down and sought out my waitress when I was ready to leave. The owner made a point to stop by my table as he recognized me from the first time I came to eat here.  He apologized for the service issue but was genuinely pleased to hear that the kitchen had more than adequately accommodated my request. I will definitely be back.
Food was delicious. Two entrees - wild bass and and a local pork chop. Both were well prepared. They were out of the first bottle of wine we ordered, so we settled for another, which was just okay. Pretty small selection of wines, and I would have expected more Italian wines. It's called Osteria, after all. Service was just okay. Our sever was friendly but socially awkward. She tried to up-sell at every opportunity. It was obnoxious. There are misspellings on the menu, which is very large, poorly designed, laminated, and beat to shit. Tacky. Terrible interior. Hasn't changed since it was Bean Alley Cafe in the '90s. Although food was quite good, I don't have a desire to go back any time soon.
I'm kind of mixed on Osteria 166.  We had a reservation and had to wait almost 20 minutes for the table.  Not a huge deal because we just waited at the bar.  The food I ordered was very good.  I had the meatball for an appetizer and the halibut special with mushroom risotto.  The halibut was really fantastic.  My husband had the fra diavolo pasta and it was almost painful to eat because it was so spicy.  He loves spicy food so it takes a lot for him to get spice overload.  He had heartburn all night, which literally left a bad taste in his mouth (ha! see what I did there?!)  The restaurant was also very LOUD, which made it hard to enjoy our conversation.  I can see how it would be fun for a group of friends, but we really wanted to talk.
Phenomenal steak and banana pepper sandwich with amazing truffle oil and parmesan chips complemented by delicious IPA capped a long hard day at the office perfectly. Alec the bartender introduced himself and remembered my name the entire time I ate dinner, very professional.
This is easily my new favorite place in Buffalo. Great place to go for date night - very reasonable prices for outstanding food, above average wine selection, good service and the owners even greet you with a smile. Great place to go to grab a quick bite to eat - very, very reasonably priced burger/bar menu. Go for the Wappy Joes with a cold pint of Community Beer Works. Great place to hang out late night - awesome beer selection, good tunes, bartenders always seem to keep your pint filled. Best tip I can give...bring a few friends and ask to join the shot-ski club! Keep it up guys!
Ok - now we are talking! We went inside long before we felt it - you know that feeling - a place where you fit in - a place where you are greeted as if you really are special and Nick went out of his way to make us feel like family. He also made us feel good that our son has a place to go where he too will be treated like family. Having some Italian blood cruising through my veins normally has me staying far away from Italian places, but this place was different. They have a way of taking normal comfort Italian food and making them current with a touch of love you don't normally find. When our server came to our table with a paper bag - I wondered what was inside - and I soon found out - some amazing hot - I mean HOT bread. There was nothing old or stale about the bread and it was giving us an idea of what might be ahead. The menu had a large selection of items and each sounded better then the next. Luckily everyone (all three of us) picked something different - almost like a little tapas of our own, but a sure fire way to get to try three amazing meals. I was lucky - I liked mine the best - even though I needed extra ice water as the zip was more like a wham bam - great HEAT! Cleanliness was spot on from the front door all the way to the restrooms. The place was empty when we arrived and at capacity by the time we left. A decent choice of wines allowed my wife to find one suitable, me - I prefer unsweetened ice tea with splenda and they accommodated my needs. The value was there - the service was speedy and our server was always seemingly happy to serve us. Our meals arrives all at once - nice timing and the flavor was on point! Overall - I was happy to have entered, sad to leave, but looking forward to our next visit into the city. A job well done Nick - and it was great meeting you!
The restaurant was beautiful and the service was great. As soon as we arrived the owner introduced us to his restaurant and had us seated promptly. They had a great date night deal me and my boyfriend took advantage of for around $40. The house salad was very nice but a little over dressed. The spaghetti and meatball I ordered was ok, I added a few seasonings. The noodles were cooked nicely and the sauce was very good but I did not favor the taste of the meatball at all. For some reason it tasted like ground chicken liver rather than ground beef. Maybe next time I'll order a seafood dish  cause I did really like the service n the atmosphere of the restaurant itself.
Love everything about this place! The owner makes you feel like family, the chef is great, the food is outstanding! Not pretentious, but delicious!! So flavorful but not overdone. The buratta is exceptional, the meatballs are superb, and after all of that just get the tower of chocolate cake to go. It's unbelievable, but trust me when I tell you that you can't finish it. But you still should order it, it's that good!
I wanted so hard to give this place 5 stars the food was great and the service as stellar,  the thing that held me back was the fact that there were flies on the windowsill. It was not their fault just think that it was something that either the bus person or the hostess should have noticed. The food was great loved every bite of my dinner the portion size may have needed to be about 1 or 2 oz bigger. Mitchell was my server and not only was he adorable but he was a great help in helping my mother in law decide what type of wine she wanted. (her free glass for checking in on yelp) I would defiantly come back just next time I could d with out the flies on the sill. Thanks Mitch for the great service.
Based on first experience, color me impressed.  During the Friday lunch hour this place was packed! Always a good sign. Their menu is fantastic.  So many options.  I very much appreciated the lunch portions of various dishes.  I opted for the lunch portion of their ravioli.  Two huge raviolis with goat cheese, eggplant, spinach, covered in delicious red sauce.  The sauce was out of this world. My friends' meals looked delicious and they were all equally impressed. The interior hasn't changed much from Frankie Mohawk's, but that isn't a bad thing.  I love the setup, the decorations and the overall atmosphere. Minus one star for the bread served with the meals.  It was stale and flavorless.  No butter or olive oil served to make it slightly more edible.  This is a small criticism that can be easily corrected.
When I moved to Western New York back in the mid-90s I was very disappointed in what locals mistook for a good Italian meal. Sure, there are a few notables around, but for the most part the restaurants here serve the typical chicken parmesan, alfredo, bland sauce, store bought spaghetti, and mass-produced mozzarella. I grew so disappointed that my disdain for red sauce has become world renown. I'm not sure I would call Osteria 166 authentic by any means, but it offers an interesting interpretation of some Italian dishes. Osteria is tastefully decorated, but in a way that remains casual and comfortable. I did find it a bit odd that my family had to walk through the bar to get to the hostess stand. Maybe there was a second entrance I failed to notice. But once past the bar we were greeted warmly by the hostess who seem to take a real liking to my son.  At 5:30 there was no wait and we were quickly escorted to our table with a highchair ready for the little one. We decided to order an appetizer and two sides before our meal. We wanted a good variety as they do not have any kid appropriate sizes and/or meals here. We ordered the stuffed pepper risotto cakes, along with a meatball and truffle oil parmesan chips. The risotto cakes were amazing and something my son could easily eat. The meatball? Incredible! Flavorful, juicy and smothered in a delicious tomato sauce.  The chips were kinda blah compared to the rest of the meal although my son seemed to enjoy them. For entrees I ordered the Sausage and Campanellee and my wife had the Spaghetti and Meatballs.  I loved my meal! Absolutely fantastic. Terrific flavor, the sauce was plentiful and delicious. The ground up sausage worked well to balance the pasta, garlic, and sauce.  I think larger chunks would have thrown off the balance of this dish. The Spaghetti and Meatballs featured two of the same style meatballs we enjoyed as an appetizer with delicious homemade spaghetti. The sauce? Delicious -- And that's saying a lot coming from me. My wife completely finished her meal... an absolutely rarity! Now onto dessert -- drool. We had the homemade zettis (Italian style donuts) with chocolate fudge sauce. Words do not do justice how good these were! A few nit-picky things I want to point out: 1. It would have been nice to have some Italian bread with our meal. 2. The zettis were served in a bag. This seemed odd. Perhaps they thought we wanted these to go, but that doesn't explain why the chocolate fudge sauce was provided on a plate. After a nice meal it seemed a little McDonaldsIsh to be reaching into a paper bag for me to layout the zetti's onto a plate. 3. This place builds itself as a family casual Italian eatery. And it borders on being a somewhat sophisticated place. Not sure what the identify is but for us it would have been nice if there were a few options to choose for our child rather than sharing sides and appetizers. Overall, despite these minor issues our experience was so enjoyable I just could not justify subtracting a star. Without a doubt my favorite Italian meal in the region. Our server was attentive, understood the menu, and very friendly. A very pleasant experience. We'll definitely be back.   Note: Don't let parking downtown concern you. There is plenty of street parking to be found in the area after 5.
Whenever we travel we use Yelp  to help find decent food but this time we found great food! In a strange citu we had one of the best homecooked meals. The pizza.. arugla and zuchinni was super.love the whole sicssor idea. The crust was light as air. We shared a bolegesse pasta dish that looked small bit was so hearty anoter oz would have been too much. The free glass of wine is what sealed the dea,l and it was given to us happily and very good wine. The owner personally came out to greet the yelpers and he was friendly and made us feel welcomed.
osteria is top quality,top taste, good service -well worth going there!!
Went here for lunch today and was very impressed with the speed (I was out in 40 minutes), the bartender (Alec), the restaurants interior and the attentiveness and friendliness of the owner. Not to mention the food -- one of the tastiest gourmet burgers I've had to date. They've done a marvelous job renovating the space with the projected fireplace in the back; very beautiful and adds an elegance to it all. I had their lunch special which was a burger with stuffed peppers. It was served on a fresh, beautiful artisan bun and cooked perfectly medium rare. I'm pretty sure the ground meat was hand-assembled from the way it looked and tasted (see photos below). Incredible! It was served with a side of fresh house-made (I'm assuming) potato chips, a relish plate and some house sauce. All were delightful!
Returned to give Osteria 166 another try about a week after my first visit and was THRILLED with the food and service. APPETIZERS: My husband had the stuffed-pepper clams (a take on clams casino, but a topping that mimicked spicy Italian stuffed peppers); for $11, he received a plate of 6 large clams and loved them. I tried the house burrata and charred breads ($8), consisting of fresh mozzarella filled with mascarpone served with cracked pepper, stewed tomato, charred breads, sea salt, and olive oil. A delicious VEGETARIAN** option! This dish alone would be enough for a meal. ENTREES: My husband tried the Thursday special, chicken lasagna ($17)--three cheeses, chicken tenders, tomato, and eggplant with a Parmigiano cream sauce. Loved it--and the portion was big enough to take home a serving for lunch. I had the fire-roasted beet carpaccio salad (wood fire roasted beets, arugula, frisee, goat cheese, olive oil, and lemon). The dinner portion ($9) was generous and tasty--lightly dressed, fresh, and with a nice contrast between the sweetness of the beets and saltiness of the goat cheese. (Happy to have had enough of that left over for lunch tomorrow, too!) DESSERT: We were convinced to try the house-made desserts and were SO glad we did. We had a mixed plate of fresh (hot) cinnamon doughnut holes with caramel and hot-fudge sauce;  graham-cracker crusted fried strawberries; a chocolate-pistachio tureen; and a sweet little pot of soft custard with butterscotch sauce and toasted almonds. I couldn't begin to pick a favorite--everything was delicious. Additionally, I must say that we were extremely impressed tonight by the attentive, knowledgable staff. They clearly care about the quality of their work and the experiences of their diners. We'll definitely be back! **For vegetarians, folks who are gluten-free, etc.: I spoke to the chef and he specifically mentioned that they're happy to accommodate these special needs. Just ask!
This was a fabulous experience in a pretty dreary party of downtown Buffalo. Great vibe in the room, fantastic service from the minute we walked in. A delicious wine recommendation from the waiter and the food was terrific. I'll go back next time I'm in town
I have been torn about what to give Osteria.  I wish I could give 3 1/2 stars, but I'll give them 3 with the note that we will be back. I think the restaurant is beautiful.  We sat in the outdoor patio during sunset, which was stunning!  The service, however, was VERY slow.  That's one of the issues I had.  When we sat down, we weren't given any silverware or napkins.  We didn't get any napkins at all until they had actually delivered the food.  A table of two women sat next to us, and I actually forgot they were there because the waitress took a long time to get to their table.  She was apologizing profusely, but you could tell from their faces that they were not pleased. I ordered the sausage pasta with the rapini and cream sauce.  My boyfriend got the lemon thyme chicken sandwich and a side of the risotto of the day.  My pasta was good, but it wasn't anything special.  When you advertise sausage, I expect there to be big hunks of it.  All I got were a few tiny "crumble" sized pieces.  That was disappointing.  I ate it all because it still tasted good, but it just wasn't anything unique or exciting like I was hoping for.  My boyfriend said his sandwich was OK, but that he couldn't taste the lemon or thyme, making it pretty pedestrian.  The risotto, however, was awesome!  It was a Parmesan corn risotto, and was packed with flavor.  It was definitely the best thing we ordered! Our waiter was super friendly, but seemed overwhelmed.  He mentioned that it was a hectic night, and it showed.  I happened to have glanced at the reservation list, and it looked like there was a party of 26 people.  Fair enough.  We both want to go back, because there are many other things on the menu that sound delicious.  I'd like to try one of the pizzas or maybe a different pasta.  The meatballs were huge and looked delicious as well.  I think the 3 stars A-OK is an appropriate rating for now.  Hopefully next time we can have a better meal!
I know, I know.. another 5 star Italian place in Buffalo... But this place truly is a GEM. Located right downtown near the convention center and Hyatt hotel, on Franklin St. Perfect for a quick business lunch, or a long romantic dinner. The main reason I so easily can give this place 5 stars is because I cannot think of a time I've eaten dinner out at a restaurant, yet felt so at home. From the start, Owner, Nick greeted us with a hug and offered the patio to us because the weather was beautiful.  (Usually sitting outside will net you paltry service, however this place is an exception) Luigi (Louis) our server was knowledgeable and very entertaining! He kept me laughing and answered any questions I had, including mentioning to the owner a love of Italian Sphinge, who quickly came to assure me his Zeppole would be a suitable replacement and he was right, they were delicious. All in all, the food was classic Italian, but well executed and inspired.  The specials were amazing, and I look forward to seeing them change.  The wine list was well put together, (the beer list was perhaps there just to make sure everyone has something to enjoy, but I encourage you to try a glass of vino while you're here), but perhaps most important, you honestly feel like your patronage is appreciated and if there's something you want, or don't like, the staff really seems to go out of their way to make sure you get exactly what you'd like, just like Mom's house on Sunday.
I've been here about...a dozen times? Never disappointed. The meatball, the pizza, the risotto cakes, the burrata, the pasta, etc. Everything is wonderful. They also have a very nice selection of wines and the owner - Nick, is friendly and fabulous.
Summary: Excellent food and great atmosphere- very yummy. Fast, fast service! My husband and I came here two nights ago and were immediately greeted by the owner, Nick, who welcomed us and thanked us for stopping in.  We were surprised that it wasn't very busy for a Saturday night- however, I chalked that up with it being a holiday weekend and no events downtown that particular evening. The decor is casual- I would feel comfortable there in jeans or a little more dressed up. Our waiter seemed new, and a little nervous, but he was very attentive and knowledgeable about the food, so he will be great very soon. No worries there. We ordered the stuffed pepper risotto cakes to start, which came with "Sunday Sauce" and a pepper cream sauce for dipping. They look like mozzarella sticks, but obviously were much different- my husband and I loved them and gobbled them right up. Both sauces were a great compliment to the cakes, I honestly could not choose which sauce I liked more. Our waiter told us we were the first ones to try the cream sauce with this appetizer- up until that night they were only serving it with the red sauce. I hope they continue to serve it with both! My husband ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs, which he said was good. Nothing crazy here, but simple done well is, in many cases, preferred by us. I ordered the traditional flat bread pizza, which came with scissors to cut (loved that) and was delicious. Again, nothing to write home about, but solid. No complaints. I think what amazed me most was the speed with which everything came out to our table. We were out of there in less than an hour! We didn't feel rushed, it was just fast...and if you're trying to make a show or on your lunch break, that is great! There are a lot of Italian Restaurants to choose from downtown...but Chefs is overplayed. You definitely need to add Osteria to your list to try- it's Italian done very very well!
Such a great place! Stopped in for a quick lunch today and had a great time once again. We've been here a number of times and it's always so good! It's great to have some more nice places right downtown. Nick the owner is so friendly! It was Friday and I wasn't planning on drinking until later but the free wine from the yelp check in got me started early... Def not a bad thing!! The good is so good.  My husband had pasta and meatballs and I just had pasta fagioli this time. Always a great time. Good food good drinks good atmosphere.
I came with a friend on a Thursday and was very unimpressed with the service. After we were seated, we waited almost 15 minutes before the waitress came over. The service wasn't very good. I had the Beet Carpaccio and basic pizza. The salad was great, but the pizza was mediocre. The salad was so good, I might consider returning.
Delicious, authentic, classy, and upscale with a relaxed atmosphere. Has all the elements of a very good dining experience. it makes such a  difference when you sense that the employees care about your having an enjoyable time in their place of business. That's what keeps me a good customer in general, and not when not!
We came here on a Thursday night. Reservations at 8. We decided to sit outside which was superb. Our server (Marinda?) was awesome! She brought us amazing bread (carbs yay!) in a paper bag. It was a neat presentation. We started with the Malbec. They also list on the menu 30 wines under $30. We ordered the Burrata with Charred Breads. So creamy and good with the wine. Then I had the Farro and Grilled Summer Vegetable Salad. It was delicious with fresh local lettuce, asparagus, little grilled peppers, yellow squash and zucchini. The vinaigrette was tasty too! He had the Bucatini Carbonara which he loved but could only finish half of. Then we were brought a dessert plate with the Cannoli Chips, Key Lime Pie Creme Brulee and an amazing fudge dessert with a raspberry sauce. I think the creme brulee was my favorite and I'm a huge cannoli person! A band started playing around 9. The whole experience was great! The staff here is strong, the owner and the chef both come around to check on you, we can't wait to return!
Went for Mothers Day brunch. The staff was very friendly and attentIve. The atmosphere is very warm and inviting. The offering was excellent with a wide variety of offerings from omelets, fish, roast ham, roast turkey and several other main dishes. A nice accompaniment of roasted veggies, shrimp and several other dishes. Had raspberry cheesecake for desert. It was very good. The price was very reasonable for what was offered.  I will be back to try regular menu in the near future.
Best meatball around? Awesome service? Friendly owner who talks to everyone? Where? I must have missed all that last night when I stopped in around 8:30. You need three things to make a great dining experience, good service, good food and good atmosphere. The atmosphere is loud and most of the other tables conversations echo off t he stark hard walls but that's okay, that's just the way its designed and I accept that. The service however was... how can I put this... not good at all. There is a difference between a leisurely meal and just plain waiting forever for the server to return. Fifteen minutes after our drink order was taken (yes, I timed it), we were about 2 seconds away with keys in hand from walking out when they arrived. She (our server) was not familiar with the menu and not once after the food arrived did she come back to see if everything was alright. The food was nothing special, I had The Carl, an Italian sausage patty topped with a large meatball with sauteed banana peppers, onions and melted mozzarella. The meatball was fairly good, although lacking the spices to make it anything special and the sausage with the cheese on top tasted and looked like it just came out of the microwave, rather dry and chewy.  My dining partner had the veal sandwich which was again, fair but the bread tasted like it had been sitting around for a while, teetering on going stale or being day old. The owner was there and made his rounds to four of the five occupied tables in the back dining room. The table of six, the table of four, the other table of four and a table of five, but wait, what about the table of two that he walked by three times? Wasn't spending $68 enough money to warrant a visit from the owner to see if everything was okay? . He certainly had enough time as he spent a lot of that time on the patio with friends, . A very disappointing experience all around.
I came here for a Yelp Supper Club Event and am sooo glad that I did! This place just opened up about a month ago, so I'll be able to say that I was here before it was cool, and trust me that once the word gets out, this will be one of the hippest spots in Buffalo. From the second that I arrived on the property, I felt like a VIP. Free parking downtown, at 6:30pm (prime dinner reservation time)?* Yes, please! I walked in to a comfortable and unpretentious atmosphere, greeted by the friendly staff and a whole swarm of yelpers. Nice to see some new faces! There was this awesome fake fireplace picture thing on the wall which be awesome for a cold winters night, but it was still pretty to look at in the summer. I grabbed a drink at the bar from an attractive male bartender. $5 for a citron/soda, once again... Yes, please! The owner treated everyone in attendance to a wine tasting and some free appetizers. The buffala mozzarella was awesome! It was mozzarella stuffed with ricotta cheese and came with fresh bread and soft red peppers. Yum! The fried risotto was just okay, but a cool idea, and I'd never tried that before. I love it when restaurants get creative like that. The show-stopper was the eggplant and sun-dried tomato ravioli. It was incredibly rich, and had the absolute sweetest tomatoes I've ever tasted in my life in the sauce. I felt like I died and went to ravioli heaven. The other nice thing about their menu is that you can order in 3 different portion sizes: lunch ($8), entree($14), or family style($23). This is perfect for sampling and sharing with friends, or planning for leftovers if you know that you like something. We polished off a fabulous evening with homemade zettis (Italian donuts) and fried strawberries dipped in hot fudge. The strawberries were epic! They were like hot strawberry jam dipped in chocolate. The owner also came out and talked to us and seems like a super cool guy. One thing is for sure, he knows how to throw a party! Everyone had a great time. Thanks for organizing, Alex! *Past parking performance does not guarantee future results.
Nick, the owner of Osteria 166, has his priorities straight. I went there this past Thursday for my birthday for no other reason than to try out a new restaurant. I was beyond impressed with not only the food, but the service and hospitality of Nick and his entire staff. The food was delicious (especially the dessert), well-portioned and very reasonably priced. The staff was knowledgable about the wine list and the menu and made informed recommendations. Nick also came over and talked to us, showed us around the restaurant and gave us the story behind how his family got into the restaurant business and how he started Osteria 166. The restaurant is in a great spot downtown, we went for a late dinner at 8:15 and had no problem parking on the street right across the storefront. Although we didn't sit outside, the patio looked nice and there is rumor that bocce ball will soon be an option outside. I have already recommended Osteria to my coworkers and a few friends and will definitely be back in the very near future. Keep up the good work, Nick.
Wow, great experience. I am already looking forward to my next trip to Osteria 166! I grabbed a local dining deal for here in the summer and took my friends on a Tuesday evening. (no issues redeeming the deal).  We came in and were seated quickly.  There was a busy retirement party rocking in the bar and we came in the side door, so I did not get to see much of it. People looked like they were having a good time, but it wasn't so noisy that it was distracting. Mitchell B. was our server and he was attentive, funny, and friendly. He really made the experience outstanding! We started with some beers (nice selection including Community Beer Works, Southern Tier, etc) and the Antipasti. Some crusty bread, stuffed sweet cherry peppers, olives, garlic, meats, and other cheeses. I liked the quality over quantity, but it was more than enough for 3 of us to get a good taste of everything. We got some soft, warm Italian bread and dipping oil as well. My friend's husband and I both got the Sausage and Campanelle. We both agreed it was outstanding. He is someone who could eat pasta every day and I only occasionally, but we both loved it. I am not a heavy cream sauce person, but it was light and super flavorful, but still gave you that stick-to-your ribs feeling and wasn't runny. The sausage crumble was great so you could get bites of it throughout and the rapini was a nice addition. Pasta cooked perfectly. We both cleared our plates. My friend got the Meatballs and spaghetti. She really liked it as well and only ate half so she could save it for lunch the next day. I had a chunk off of one of her meatballs and it was melt-in-your mouth delicious. Definitely want to try that, or just a meatball on the side next time. We were all too full to even try any of the desserts, but they had a nice selection including gelato, chocolate espresso lava cake and more. I will have to save that for the next time!
Great food quality and service! We ordered the Carlito special and the shellfish entrée. The servings were just right for one person with the best meatballs I have ever had in an Italian restaurant. Probably the best Italian food in the city. However, it does get crowded around lunch time.
The location is great (right across from the convention center). I went in expecting some service glitches based on earlier reviews. It took a while to have my server bring water and take my drink order. She was very nice about it though. The table next to me FREAKED out at the server. They had a show to get to that started 1 hour and 15 minutes from that point. She had not yet taken their orders. It was rude and unnecessary and I'm hoping someone out back...um...got their revenge. :) I liked the risotto cakes and the mussels special was fantastic. Regarding the bread mentioned in earlier reviews--they brought mine with dinner. And yes, it's in a paper bag and not served with butter or oil. I figured out why. It's designed to dip into the red sauce! It was strange not having bread at the start...but I get it. It was awkward having to walk through the bar as others mentioned but a gentle elbow is all you need. :)
This is a great place to go and be classy, without feeling like you have to dress up too much. The food is amazing, everything was cooked perfectly! Everyone at our table ordered pasta and had leftovers. Me and my husband shared a "family sized" portion of the fra diavlo, and we were amazed at how good it was--a little kick, but not so much to be considered a spicy dish. Also, the deep fried strawberries (dessert) are new and creative, and are a great way to end a meal.
Walking-in: The hostess was very attentive and friendly. Sitting: Waitress was friendly,quick, and had good menu knowledge but not very attentive on the floor. Every time we need something, we had to ask other waiter/waitress to grab her for us. (it was quiet lunch time and there was only one other table in the restaurant). Foods: We shared grilled octopus and roasted beet salad for appetizers. Octopus were very well grilled and very tasty with basil pesto. However, some sort of yellow aioli that were spread too much on crostini and overpowered. We scrubbed them off on crostini to have better taste of actual octopus. For main dished we shared shellfish diavalo tagliatelle pasta with spic tomato sauce and porchetta on ciabatta roll. The pasta was 5-star. We both loved it and will definitely get again next time. Past was cooked very well and sauce was enough to have good flavor and perfect amount of it. I hate pasta dishes that swimming in sauces.. lol   The porchetta was meh... well, 'OK" would be just more than enough .  The ciabatta roll is huge and not baked very well. Very both inside and outside... If it was just a round shape, you would think it's just a buger roll. pork was a somewhat dried and didn't have much flavor. It was described as slow roasted, house rub, asiago cheese and arugula but we both didn't taste nothing but very salty. Didn't see asiago cheese on it or not even hint taste of it. Bar: did not have much variety of bottled beers but they had some good beers on taps. Seemed they are more focus on wines and cocktails. Bartner didn't have much knowledge about beers since she didn't not know what type beers were she was serving on taps.   Overall experience ok and we enjoyed our lunch break. We both agreed to come back and try other dishes we were interested on their menu.
The first thing you notice when you walk in is how great this place looks.  There's a great looking bar area in front and unique dining area in the back.  Throughout the entire establishment there's repurposed utilitarian items as art.  It's a mix of modern and natural while not trying too hard.  There's also the standard black and white pictures that seem to be the common theme in most Italian restaurants.  The patio looked great, and although there were seats outside we sat inside. We were greeted by our waiter who was really nice, and maybe even a tab overly nice, but maybe I'm just an old crank.  He did know the menu well and recommended a few things.  I ordered a glass of wine, and while I don't expect to get a Big Gulp size of wine, I was a little disappointed at the short pour I was given.  I ordered a second glass and I had the same issue. We decided to start out with an app and ordered The House Burrata and Charred Bread.  It was a simple and refreshing and actually ended up being my favorite dish.  It comes with tomatoes, mascarpone, and basil.  It went perfect with my glass of red wine. I ordered the sausage sandwich.  It was topped with cheese onions and peps.  It was good, but it tasted like a sausage sandwich should taste like.  I'm not even sure why I went with this, there were tons of other better sounding things on the menu, and I ordered sausage.  It's almost like ordering chicken fingers.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but there's literally 5 other sandwiches on the menu that I should have ordered.  I tasted my friends eggplant and sun dried tomato ravioli which was pretty good, but my pallet was already over powered by my meal, so I couldn't taste much.  She liked it, but not enough to take the left overs home. I'm sure I'm going to go back here, especially for lunch, there's so many things i'd like to try.  I can also see myself getting a few drinks at the bar after work.
What can I say ... this place is absolutely fabulous. Quick service and having the wine as a Yelp checkin bonus is definitely a good place to start. Ended up ordering the fra diavolo which is incredibly yummy! Antipasti is a great appetizer to start for those who love meat. Overall had a great experience. Service was quick and pleasant and overall, it was a great atmosphere to be in. Will definitely stop in again if given the chance.
Went with a couple of friends and tried to make it clear to the waitress that we weren't in any rush but she kept pushing us to decide what we would have to drink, to have as an appetizer, to have as our main. She was very nice but not responsive to what we clearly wanted. We had some pizza as an appetizer and it was very good. It had ramp on it- which none of us had heard of before. I opted for a special of the day - a mix of 2-3 types of meat- beef, pork and something else, in a tomato sauce with "priests collar" pasta. Not only was it fairly tasteless, there was something wrong about the dish . I figured out what the next day, when I looked at the food I had taken home. Solidly covering the bottom of the container was thickened grease/fat from the meat. I doubt I'll go back.
Great lunch and dinner spot.  Out Apps delivered from the owner Nick. Staff was outstanding.  The chicken n waffles are a must try.  Place is always great and can't wait to get back soon. The $10 to park is a little tough but that's the cost of downtown.
Stopped by on a Wednesday afternoon (4:30ish) Ordered the meatball side as an appetizer and a Porchetta sandwich. Meatball was one of the best I've eaten!  What everyone else says about them is true.  Wish there was more than one. Porchetta sandwich was excellent. Pork was well seasoned and juicy.  Kettle chips were plentiful, dusted with cheese and delightfully "greasy" if you know what I mean.  Alec the bartender was prompt, cordial and knowledgable about the menu.  Next time in Buffalo, it's a 100% certainty I'm eating here again.
I have enjoyed Osteria several times now and felt that I needed to share!  We went to dinner before going to a show at Shea's and it prooved to be the perfect choice.  We enjoyed our meal while still having plenty of time to make it to the show!   The atmosphere is warm & cozy, the staff is equally knowledgeable & friendly, service was great.   We started with the House Burrata which is always AMAZING- I cannot get enough of that house made cheese.  The veal was amazing & tender.  My family was equally  happy with their meals, including the always amazing Chicken Lasagna, Sausage Campanelle and the Eggplant & Sun Dried tomato Ravioli.  Everything tasted wonderful.  To top the evening off we enjoyed a platter of assorted desserts- out of this world!  Thanks for an awesome meal & evening!
Atmosphere is OK and is loud at times when the place is full. Food was average at best. Menu has a good variety selection with a great selection of beverages. Would this be the first place I would come back to in Buffalo no, but I would tell friends to check it out. Servers were great and on top of everhthing, definitely not a $$ restaurant.
Had an amazing dinner last night! It is very seldom that a restaurant in Buffalo has an owner and staff with such talent and passion! Thanks for a wonderful evening!
I have been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile and finally did during restaurant week. I reserved through open table and we did have to wait longer than I expected once we arrived. However, the place was very busy and the staff was apologetic. The owner or manager and the server were very helpful in selecting menu items. My friend and I both enjoyed our entire meal. I would definitely go back.
Excellent choice! Arrived in downtown Buffalo for one night after a delayed flight on a Monday in July.  Originally going to another restaurant.  Glad it was closed! Would come again any day.  Food and service was superb.  Friendly and knowledgeable..
This restaurant is truly mouth watering! Everything I have tried is outstanding! Some of my favorites are the house salad (the dressing is unreal), pasta fazool, and of course their spaghetti and meatballs. Hands down the best meatballs I have ever tasted, they're so good I have to close my eyes when I eat them. They taste SO homemade (because they are) and I am completely obsessed. The staff is passionate and extremely friendly, and if you have to wait trust me its worth it!
I really, really, really like Osteria 166.   Last night we had dinner at Osteria 166 before the Sabres game.  It was my second time there and my husband's first.  I was excited to show him the great food there, and I was hoping it lived up to the great dinner I had the first time I was there.  It definitely did not disappoint. First of all, they're on Open Table now, so you can make/adjust reservations online which I totally love. We arrived promptly at 5pm and were sat at a table in the back room, although looking back on it, we probably should have just sat at a high-top table in the bar so my husband could watch the NFL playoff games like he would have wanted to.  Anyway, the restaurant is very cozy and clean, casual yet classy.  Our server, whose name I don't recall, was adequate, although a bit immature and green (lots of "ums" and "you guys").  After putting in our order, a lovely brown bag of bread came to the table with olive oil, parmesan cheese, and crushed red pepper for dipping.  A wonderful delicious touch that I don't recall from my last visit.  We ordered the stuffed pepper risotto cakes, which we both loved.  I would be hard pressed to come to Osteria 166 and not order these, they are just that good.  For entrees, my husband had the Seafood Fra Diavolo, which I have had and loved, and he loved it as well.  I ordered one of the nightly specials- the Osso Bucco served over polenta.  It was a healthy portion of meat that literally fell off the bone, it was so tender.  If I had one complaint, it was leaning toward lukewarm, and I prefer my food piping hot.  However, the flavors were spot on.  I wish we would have had room for dessert, but maybe next time. And yes, there will definitely be a next time!
My husband and I went with another couple and we loved it ! Appetizer was delicious. We loved the bread in a bag - it for sure can fill you up ! Our meals, chicken lasagna and raviolis, were fantastic. The portions were a perfect size. Having everything homemade adds a special touch. I recommend the donuts for dessert with the side of ganache and marshmallow. S'mores like but I wouldn't call it s'mores like the menu states. Oh and of course I loved the wine :) we will continue to return ! Thank you for a great dinner!
Nick created an experience for my friends and myself that you can only feel in your own families home. We were in town for Auto Show this past weekend and once we found Osteria we couldn't go anywhere else. Looking forward to visiting again in the summer or for next years Auto Show.
Oh how I wanted to love this place! But it fell short- mainly for service. There were 4 of us in our dining party on Saturday night. It didn't seem too busy at 7:30pm. Our server Luis, totally dropped the ball:( my husband and I are not wine drinkers, and it being our first time there, we asked our server for a beer list. They do not have one, instead he asked us what we wanted? We don't know? Possible something different?!? But he gave no suggestions, b/c I don't think he really knew what they had on draft. Oh well- we just stuck to peroni. We started with the octopus crostini,and the burrata, both were very good. I loved the San marzano tomatoes with the burrata. I ordered the chicken lasagna, and our friends ordered off the specials menu. The ox tail Ragu, lobster ravioli with scallops and calamari and my husband ordered the sausage campanelle. During our whole dining experience, Luis was kind of non existent. But anyway, all of our food came out, well... The ox tail ragu was just at room temp and my husbands sausage campanelle was cold! We knew we were not gonna see our server, so I asked another server to find Luis, ASAP! We told him about the cold food, and said he would get us a new one. The owner( who was very present in his business) brought back the new one and apologized. My husband took a bite and ugh! Cold again!!! The owner came back over to check on us and we told him it was cold again! He couldn't believe it- I was kind of pissed so I stuck my finger in it to prove to him- he got the point. After we were all finished the 3rd sausage campanelle came out to my husband. It was steaming! Yay! The owner was very nice and said it was on the house. My husband really enjoyed his hot food. I asked our server for a coffee, since he did not offer anyone drinks after we were done with our meals. He came back a few minutes later and asked me if I wanted anything to drink? Really?!? I just ordered a coffee from you, oh yeah he said, it's brewing. Okay! We also ordered the zeppoli and the chocolate bacon fudge thing on the menu. The were both good. We sat there for a while after being finished with our desserts, finally caught Luis and asked him for our bill. Yup- the campanelle that was supposed to be on the house, was on our bill. We brought it to Luis attention and he then took it off. All in all, we were there for 2 and a half hrs. A bit too long we all thought. I would like to think I would go back, but with Tappo right around the corner, I would choose there, b/c the 2 times we have been there, everything was on point!
I've heard so many great things about Osteria 166, so clearly I had to try it. We came here last Friday and there were many great things and only a few bumps in the road during dinner. We had a reservation at 7 and we sat at the patio. Good things about dinner: the sausage sandwich, the bread, the company. Not-so-great things about dinner: the service, the drink, timing. Our waiter was so nice but it took him about 25 minutes to get our drinks. He didn't bring out bread, so we asked for it which wasn't a problem. Who knows if they even serve bread. It took about 20 extra minutes to get our food. It's understandable that we have 5 people, but I usually it doesn't take 45 minutes to get a couple sandwiches. Would I go here again? Probably.
Went to Osteria with my boyfriend and his parents last evening.   We left with ample leftovers and our fair share of complaints.  I would suggest a few changes to their salad offerings.  Maybe a Cesar or different ingredients in their house salad.  The house salad was just okay and could have used a few more ingredients, ordered without the tomato relish it was pretty much just a plate of lettuce and olives.  Since we didn't really find any of the salads appetizing my boyfriend and I shared the grilled octopus.  It was delicious however extremely small.  It's probably best suited for one person.  The "Carl" meatball is a better option.  The banana peppers add the right amount of spice and the portion is quite generous.  While the octopus was too small for two, the veal is almost enough for two.  My boyfriend and I each ordered the veal with the Sunday sauce and it was amazing.  If they sold the sauce by the jar I would definitely buy it.  The veal was perfectly cooked.  You get two huge pieces of the veal and an ample portion of spaghetti.  We each have a piece of veal left for today.  The last item at the table was the chicken lasagna.  My boyfriends dad first impression was that it has too much cheese on top.  I don't know if I've ever had that complaint but that's his opinion.  So cutting into it, he could not find any chicken.  At the servers instance they brought him out a new piece.  This took forever.  We were done eating before his food came out.  It still did not have a ton of chicken.  It is just one layer on the bottom and we had assumed that there would be several.  Since it was a gorgeous day we ate outside which is nice other than having to look at the side of the statler but that is not their fault.  Despite the complaints I would go again there are a few other menu items that piqued my interest.
Wait was a little to long for a table but the staff was amazing and made up for that! Definitely going back. Also Get dessert for sure!
I managed to make it across the parking lot from the Hyatt to Osteria 166 without freezing solid and am grateful for it. To cut a long story short I was in Buffalo sans winter gear, don't ask. Anyway, walking into the restaurant I was struck by its welcoming decor. i sat at the bar and ordered lunch. The arugula salad was very tasty with ample pancetta to compliment the bitter of the greens. Pasta with rabinni and sausage was perfectly cooked with nice al dente pasta. I was not able to enjoy a glass of wine put wine list looked very good with a nice selection of bottles under $30. Service was friendly and swift. I will reserve my extra star for when I return and see if they can be consistent, highly recommend.
The staff was nice, the ambiance good... must've been an off night for the food. Not up to par with the other reviews. Virtually no octopus on the appetizer, pasta undercooked on the Bolognese,  and a flavorless filet with a carnival fried mushroom as the side.  Not awful, but not a special night out either. Love to try again...  but hopefully when the "A" team is on.
This place bothered me enough to get me to write my first Yelp review.  Was in town for a few days and went here for dinner the first night because it was across the street from my hotel and was pretty well rated.  Got the egglplant ravioli which was actually pretty good, so I decided to go back again the next night.  Ordered the philly rustica pizza for takeout and was very unpleasantly surprised.  The top was totally burned and the crust/bread was flavorless and hard.  Aside from the burnt flavor, it tasted like it had been cooked the day before and reheated before I picked it up.  I have had plenty of bad meals before and haven't felt the need to write a bad Yelp review, but the reason this place gets my 1-star review is that after doing my routine check of credit card activity online against my receipts, I found out that they had written in $4.00 extra of tip onto the check on my behalf.  Talk about adding insult to injury.  My credit card company refunded that part but needless to say I would not recommend this place to anyone.
I could get spoiled having lunch at Osteria 166. Yesterday, I visited for the first time and had ravioli. No canned or frozen ravioli here, oh no. This pasta was homemade and served al dente with a smooth, soft cheese filing. I wish I could describe my meal better. I tasted fresh, fresh tomatoes. My friends had a burger and the spaghetti. We cleaned our plates. Service was great.  I'm looking forward to returning for dinner.
The owner was a warm and welcoming host, and all of the servers were friendly as well. The lunch portion of the arugala salad filled an entire plate, and I loved the combination of the pears, parmesan, dressing and lettuce. I chose the lunch portion of the spaghetti and meatballs, and so glad that I opted for the smaller portion. The meatball was interesting -- served more as a square on top of the spaghetti than as balls within it. The sauce was quite excellent, but not quite on par with some I've experienced in Italy or at Casa Nona in NYC. All in all, this was a friendly, reasonable and excellent place for dinner during my first night in Buffalo.
First and foremost, I am so grateful to be a part of Yelp and the 'Yelp Elite', especially when it comes to wonderful opportunities such as last night's International Supper Club @ Osteria 166.  A big THANK YOU to Alex L. for organizing such a remarkable evening! Now on to the review, more 'thank yous' to come.... We arrived promptly at 6:20 and had no issues with the parking on Franklin St.  When we walked in (I hadn't been here prior) we were pleasantly surprised with the warm and inviting décor.  Almost immediately upon entering we were greeted by the wonderful (read 99% of the other reviews for proof) owner, Nick.  I had read the other reviews prior to my visit, where everyone seemed to mention Nick and how they were fondly welcomed as if they were family.  Well I can now vouch for that as well.  He invited us in with open arms and made us feel right at home.  I don't know if I have ever been greeted so sincerely by an owner of an establishment like this.  This was a wonderful way to start off the evening. We gathered in the back with the other yelpers arriving and retrieved our name tags from Alex L.  It was soon after that we had seated, so there wasn't too much time for mingling prior to dinner (note to self:  arrive a little earlier next time).  Nick himself began walking around pouring tastings of wine (one white - forgot the name, but comparable to a Pinot Grigio, and one red sangria, which a server topped with an orange slice).  This was greatly appreciated and perfect for a hot summer night.  Both wines were delicious.  Nick then gave us a little info on the appetizers that began piling out before he started explaining that the black and white pictures on the wall weren't your typical Italian restaurant décor and they were actually years of family photographs.   The (complimentary) appetizers we received at each table were the stuffed pepper risotto cake and the grilled octopus crostini.  I LOVE stuffed peppers so the risotto cake with dipping sauce was right up my alley!!  I only tried a bite of the octopus crostini (I'm sometimes 'seafood shy' although I love calamari), and from what I had it was tasty.  There was one other appetizer plate passed around our table, which consisted of mozzarella, tomatoes, and breads.  I somehow skipped that one so I can't add much scrutiny on that.  There were more than enough appetizers for our table and everything was greatly appreciated. For my entrée I ordered the sausage and campanelle, which consisted of Italian sausage, rapini, garlic, tomato, cream, and parmesan, for a modest price of $13.  Frankly, I expected it to arrive with thicker slices of sausage but when I received it the sausage was almost untraceable.  I did ask one of the servers and she explained that was intentional and it is more of a 'sausage crumble'.  It was SO DELICIOUS, so I did not mind (I do think it would be helpful to provide in the description, but no big deal). What I could not get over was the AMAZING cream sauce, which made the dish!  I also tried the arugula and zucchini flat iron pizza and it was very good.  As reviewed by others, the scissors that accompanied the flat breads are a great, unique touch. Finally, (complimentary) dessert came out to the tables.  I am not much a dessert person, and rarely ever order dessert when dining out. However, I am glad that I opted to sample the dessert that was presented to our table.  I am not sure of the exact name, but it was fried donut balls topped with cinnamon sugar, and strawberries fried in a graham crackle crumble accompanied with chocolate dipping sauce.  The strawberries - delicious!!! The service - Beyond exceptional from EVERY employee in the building.  From Nick, to our wonderful and friendly servers, to the bartender Mike; everyone truly went out of their way to welcome, accommodate, and satisfy the 35+ yelpers who showed up for the event.  Not to mention, still trying to do the same for the other guests in the rest of the bar/restaurant.  I am sure that is it hard to please 35+ people at once, trying to get all food out on time, the right temperature, etc., but Osteria 166 gets 5 stars from me, because I truly felt they went above and beyond all expectations I had for the evening.   This is truly a place you want to go and spend your money at while supporting a local restaurant.  A big thank you goes out to Nick & his staff for their generosity, and to Alex L. for putting together a fantastic night.  I will be back sooner rather than later.  It was also great to meet everyone I met last night :)
This is a little Italian bistro that I think is doing great downtown. The food is delicious and the prices are low. What more can you honestly want? I've been there for both lunch and dinner without any complaint. More so I was just impressed we could get a three course meal with 3 alcoholic beverages each for under $100. For lunch it was $20. I mean really I don't think after that you should need more persuading because there have been plenty if times I have spent way too much money for an over hyped meal. The food is like almost fusion Italian but from the spices and whoever is cooking you can tell there is true Italian influences. But let's not underestimate the burgers here because they are pretty good and that's very un-Italian of them. Give Osteria 166 a shot... From an Italian.....
Great service and even better food. The server was more then willing to accommodate our food requests. The stuffed pepper risotto cakes were a great appetizer and the bread they give you is top notch. I had the wild game timpano special as my entree (made an appetizer into an entree) and my girlfriend had the Wild Mushroom and Treppone. Both were very filling and unique. We loved everything we had and will definitely be back!
Great, made from scratch food! The service is even better. Great place for kids too. They give kids chalk to draw on the table top.
