I've always wanted to go to the Apollo.  There's so much history in that theatre, how could I not?!   And, after I went, I was not disappointed. I purchased four seats, front row, center on the balcony.  (Awesome seats!)  At the beginning of the show, they ask a few people to come up on stage and my friend was one of them.  He danced pretty well, even though they played White Cherry's Funky Music.  (I've attached a picture.)
Beautiful venue to see a show with an amazing list of performers who have been showcased here.   Super friendly staff willing and able to assist you to your seat, the bathroom or anywhere. They have a bar right at the back of the orchestra level.   Came here to see Jim Gaffigan during the NY Comedy Festival on Nov. 9th.  What a great show in a great venue.   I agree with others, anyone who lives in NY should see some show here at some point.  Definitely a piece of history of NY.
Michael, I cry as I write this. I've never said this before, but I really do love you. I loved you from 5 years old. I know, I laughed, cuz you were weird, you played all over, at our 7-year-old parties. But then you came with em to the U.S. when I moved for the first time. And I loved you, no jokes then. And now here you are tonight. OMG you've gone, you're so gone, and I'm still bawling for you. But I love you. Such a good person. I'll never stop. I love you. Please stay calm, lovely, comfortable forever. Me, and so many others, love you. Goodbye. I came to see you, at Apollo. I still see you, every time I look across the river. Thank you. That's all, I know. I know. I Love you, forever. Goodbye. Goodbye.
"BOO! GET OFF THE STAGE!" No one can deny that heckling and yelling boo to the talented-deprived individuals is not fun. My friend insisted this was a must go since I was visiting. I absolutely loved the amateur night they had on Wednesdays and it was fun having Capone be the host. During intermission the audience would dance down the aisles and the show had us laughing, clapping, cheering, and booing. I was impressed by the talent of some of the young people and would enjoy coming back when I visit NY again.
Who: Italian + Chinese What: Pino Pino Pino!! Where: Harlem baby When:  Thursday night Why:  Pino Daniele first US debut concert, what a success! Wonderful acoustics! Very steep as you go up. Make sure you have good propioception! Look at the massive chandelier hanging above. Wow! Thats a real red curtain! OMG...The mezzanine bathroom is a serious closet ;-) Don't forget to rub the tree trunk before you leave, its for good luck. Wanna come back and watch amateur night at the Apollo ;-)
If you live in New York city and have never been to the Apollo theater shame on you! It is on the national register of historic places. It is home to Show time at the Apollo. The Apollo theater became known as "Where Stars are Born and Legends are Made". The Apollo  has launched the careers of icons such as Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson, James Brown and Lauryn Hill and continues to maintain its position as the nation's most popular arena for emerging and established African-American  performers. I recently saw Dream Girls at the Apollo and knew some of the people involved. In addition to performances they also give tours of the theater itself. General admission for tours of the Apollo is $16.00 on week days and $18.00 on weekends. I gave it 5 stars for being unique.
4 stars simply for the historic value! Everyone who is anyone has performed here. Decor wise, it's exactly what you've seen on tv, except it's much smaller in person. We had great seats in the lower middle section, probably the 10th row or so. There's a bar at the rear of the theater, which was a plus and prices were decent. We went for Amateur Night (Wednesday) , and the host Capone was very funny! Unfortunately, the talent was just ok, and the show was sort of short. OR,  you could say time flies when you're having fun? It was about 50% of both. There was a warm up band for about 30min, and the actual show lasted about an hour. Tickets were $35, I believe. There's no guarantee the talent will be mind-blowing each night, but if you're a music fan, you must visit this place atleast once.
I am a New Yorker and I have to admit that the first time I went to the Apollo Theater was this week. To be honest it is a NYC institution and deserves it's respect. Respect to you Apollo Theater. Unfortunately, I was not a big fan. All the staff members were rude and loud. We were at a private VIP event and the security guards were yelling like we were cattle at round up. It was embarrassing for them and their staff. They lack professionalism and training. Once inside, the place looks like it could use a good modernization project. The carpeting and upholstery needs a freshening. Sorry Apollo - I am not a fan.
The Apollo is a 4.99999999999 out of 5. Absolute great experience, except for the drink prices. But, it's the Apollo, so anything to keep this legendary place alive. For the price of my three Jack Daniels's, I could have bought a whole bottle. But I will make an exception for the Apollo... Moving on, I went there a couple months ago to see the Robert Johnson Tribute show. Thanks to Facebook, the Robert Johnson page announced the show, and I was in front of the Apollo 20 minutes later holding tickets. So happy! A ticket that said "Robert Johnson" on it, never thought I'd see one of those. A couple days later when showtime came, I got all dressed up, and hopped on the bus for the longest twenty block ride of my life. Of course I got there an hour and a half early, but it was such a great experience to sit there and take in all the wonderful architecture in this place. It's like the Beacon Theater's unrenovated cousin, and I would keep it in the shape that it's in. The place filled up, and the show went on, and it's one of those experiences that was so inspiring that it's like you're still there. Like you left part of yourself in that seat to review over and over again what you just saw. That night I saw Living Colour, Keb Mo, Macy Gray, Taj Mahal, Todd Rundgren, The Roots, Shemekia Copeland, Sam Moore, Bettye Lavette, amongst others, all singing Robert Johnson music. I was in Heaven. If you want a small glimpse of how much of a RJ fanatic I am, just look at my profile pic. Yep, that's me and him in Greenwood, Mississippi... The place itself really doesn't need me to speak for it. The place speaks for itself, from the steep stairs, to the wild carpet, to the stage that has held everyone from the Jackson Five to James Brown, this place is bigger than us, and will be here long after we are gone.
Apollo Theater is SO rich in history, but considering how much times have changed the Apollo is trying to keep up. Fortunately they have the Apollo Music Cafe. I made a trip here to catch a performance from Joi, an Atlanta songstress with so much sass and striking good looks to match. The Cafe is intimate enough to feel like you're really in a Jazz club, but not so intimate that you forget where you are. As the performance went on, the crowd became sort of a family. I absolutely loved it here! Definitely make your way here if you're looking for a good Jazz experience that is almost lost in Harlem.
I might be giving the 5 stars because I saw one of my favorite artists- Cat Power It also definitely has something to do with the venue:) Old school...gives you butterflies in your stomach when you think of all the talent that has performed there over the years! Don't have too much to drink though because the stairs are very steep and they make stiff drinks so just be wary but this is a great place to see someone. The acoustics are amazing.
I like the vibe of this place, and it feels so intimate. You can tell special people have performed here through the years as soon as you walk inside.
I can't believe that was my first time going to the Apollo, something that is right there in the neighborhood! The host and entertainers are interactive with the audience and kept us on our feet grooving all night. There was an impersonator there pretending to be Stevie Wonder and had about 80% of the audience fooled. I got a good laugh out of it. I had such a magnificent time dancing, laughing and enjoying the show. I am not a fan of booing or discouraging people from their creative release so I was pretty annoyed when someone sitting next to me booed every act except the one she was there to support. Other than that it was such fun and I will be back.
After a Columbia grad's rooftop party, we swung by approximately 24 hours after Michael Jackson's passing.  We didn't know what to expect, yet had only heard that people had gathered here to pay their respects. The Apollo was electric.  There were two lines of people: the people singing in revelry and the passerbys.  For a moment in time, my friend and I were passerbys turned converts.  I will never forget "Rock with You" being chanted by the crowds, and us taking pictures of each other. The Apollo management had put up a Berlin wall-like shrine called "Off the Wall" in tribute to the king of pop.  Posters kept filling up, and new ones had to be layered on top so that people could write their messages. After that, I was inspired to cast my dollar vote and buy more Michael Jackson songs from iTunes.
Amateur Night at the Apollo is a sight to witness. The amateurs themselves were average: nobody got booed off, which is what I was hoping for - some really trashy fun - but the actual cast and the energy of the place were a blast. The orchestra section is the tourist section, so for a more genuine experience hit the upper decks.
I came to the Apollo Theater a couple of times for concert. What can you say about this historic place that has not been written before? You can't call yourself a true New Yorker if you have never been to the Apollo Theater. This place exudes magic. This is an old school theater, with lots of red velvet and chandeliers all over. The acoustics is great: a wonderful, warm sound wherever you're sitting. Just a couple of things I didn't like that much: in the mezzanine the seats are uncomfortable, you have really little room for your knee (a big problem if, like me, you're more than 6 feet tall). In fact, the seats are so close and the rows so steep that if somebody stumbles he or she will probably fly all the way down to the stage... Also the bathrooms could be improved.
My friend was visiting from Austin and she REALLY wanted to see the Apollo theater. I can honestly say I was not that enthusiastic but we hopped on the Subway and I can say I'm glad we did. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is that my friend and I were grouped into a previously scheduled tour (they don't take less than 20) so the group of  rambunctious teens came late and we heard the first 1/3 of the lecture twice. It is hard not to get caught up in the history of the place. It is really beautiful and as with most places is a lot more intimate than it seems on TV (i think because they use a wide angle lens) Will have to make it back for Amateur Night or an event.
Checked out Amateur Night last week and I'd say it was equal parts night at the theater, museum trip, and down and dirty party.  What a great time! You can feel the energy responsible for making the theater an historic launching pad for great performers of the last century. The crowd was great...I admit it took a few drinks for me to boo somoene off the stage, but the performers take it in stride, and the look of relief if/when someone staves off the booing to survive the performance is priceless.  For $10 or $15, it's a unique show I'd like to make more regular than unique. Anyone concerned about the uptown location fo the theater need not worry; at no point did my guest nor I feel anything but perfectly safe and comfortable.  Can't wait to go back!
So much history here. Every time I've come here, I've been happy. The staff always provides great service and dangit you're at the Apollo. The one drawback to the Apollo is that it definitely was not constructed during a time that accessibility to all people mattered. The steps are a bit steep, the distance between your legs and the next row is pretty tight making it difficult for people to walk by if needed and if you use a cane or have difficulties walking, you should take a close look at the seating chart before purchasing your ticket as you could be in for a long walk with lots of stairs. I also found free parking relatively easy for a night performance right around the corner. Try doing that at Madison Square Garden.
Recently just walked by the place, on a visit from Chicago. It's still electrifying--energy seeps out of it, even when it's closed. Ella? Aretha? James Brown? Countless others? Years ago, I went to Amateur Night, and it immediately became one of my favorite things to do in NY (right up there with the thrill of walking across the Brooklyn Bridge).  I haven't been able to get there on another Wednesday night when in town for business, but the next chance I get, I'm there.
Now, this review is only for the Apollo Music Cafe. I was there this past weekend to see a friend of mine perform. I thought the place was very nice! Great atmosphere and the drinks were strong! It was a pretty small venue, but that was to beexpected. Only thing was that I was not ready for all those stairs with the boots I had on!!  All in all, I had a great time and was entertained. I would go again.
Awesome! Excited! Saw Ballet Hispanico there and it was nothing short of amazing.
People its the Apollo.....its history...the marquee gave me goosebumps when we went to see it. The theater is located right in the heart of Harlem....and i was hoping to get a peak inside...but the security guard would not let me get a look inside...even did the song and dance that im from seattle...he would not budge.... Still one of the coolest things i have been to...even if just outside....take the train up here....and see it, if you vacationing in the new york city area
A lot of history comes and goes here. I was fortunate to get the opportunity to go here when MJ pass... it was crazy madness! Thousands and thousands of people came to pay their respect! Parking as always is hard here... and area of the theater is pretty ghetto! But still everything that goes around here... is awesome. Just be careful.
So much history. For years, this was the only place in NYC that booked black entertainers and for an even longer time seemed to be the only place where blacks were even allowed to be in the audience (a different story from places like The Cotton Club where black musicians and performers entertained all the time but no one black could see them). So many greats have performed here. James Brown, Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald, The Jackson 5, The Supremes, Stevie Wonder, Little Richard, pretty much all the other Motown greats, etc.... have all graced this stage. Unfortunately, I couldn't make it to a show at the theater. I did get to rub the lucky tree stump in the lobby however. It's odd how many historic theaters/venues in NYC (such as Radio City Music Hall, Madison Square Garden, Carnegie Hall, The Rainbow Room, etc..) all have tours but this one doesn't. Why on Earth not? It's just as historical as all of those. That said, the lobby area is very nice if not rather small. There's a gift booth, the lucky tree stump and a poster of the various people who have performed in the place over the years. All I could do was take a few pictures of that area and then leave. This is a place I have a lot of respect for due to it's remarkable history. I'll say it once and I'll say it again: ADD A TOUR. It can be done in the daytime when there are no shows of course, and then it will make a visit to this place without a ticket to a show all the more worthwhile.
I thought I was in great shape... until I climbed Mt. Everest inside the Apollo. Seriously, I have never encountered so many flights of narrow and steep stairs!!! I was huffing and puffing by the time I got to the upper mezzanine. It's a good incentive to drop $10 more bucks for better seats. Whew. The theater is a bit run down. The carpets are dirty and cheap, the "bars" have a limited selection, and the bathroom in the upper mezzanine requires you to bend like a contortionist in order to pee into the toilet. Although the theater is dingy and not very appealing, I've had many fun nights here heckling the amateurs. It's a completely different experience and I'd go back again and again. So 2 stars for the theater itself but 5 for the experience!
birthplace to many greats. Amateur night at the APOLLO brings back many great moments. The actual 125 street is quite GHETTO.
INSANE FUN! My brother and I had an awesome time here! We met nice people in line and laughed until we had tears in our eyes! I will definitely be back! I feel so privileged to be able to attend the Apollo Theatre and become part of the type of history that the theatre holds.
This is an incredible historic theatre! They still have great shows, and of course their infamous Amateur Nights on Wednesdays! I highly recommend attending a show here.
Went to the Apollo Music Cafe for Africa Now weekend to see Chop and Quench, the Fela band. It was AMAZING! Great staff - they worked with our group of 27 making sure we were all sitting together and that we had good seats. The venue and the show were jus amazing - great music, intimate but lively music space. I will definitely be back here again!
The Apollo theater was in my top 3 fav places to visit while we were in New York.  For those who care, NY Fed tour and AMNH were the two others. Most everyone has heard about this place, but do your self a big favor......... go to amateur night at the Apollo, trust me you will thank me for it.   We were fortunate enough to attend the amateur night finale a couple months back, where the winner took home 10k.  Sisqo was the guest performer, yes MR THONG himself (it was SCANDALOUS... sorry couldn't help it).   The talent level for the show was exactly what you'd expect from amateurs, a bit karaoke at times, but then there were some that really brought their A game.   Talent aside, these amateurs must be applauded for their big kahunas, performing in front of a wild crowd like that got my immediate respect.  I can see why it's so tough to make it in the business.   The crowd is as bi polar as they come,  yelling and praising the contestant one moment, then booing them off the stage the next. And that's beauty of the show, crowd participation is what's it's all about.  Although I must say if your male, under 30 and remotely attractive you may do well as a contestant.....just saying. Tickets are $20ish and if your going in the summer it's blazing hot  in the upper floors so dress accordingly.
Go for amateur night. Tickets are $23. You will not be disappointed!!
I finally made it to the Apollo for my first time to see How to Destroy Angels (Trent Reznor's side project) and immediately fell in love with this venue.  There was no line or search whatsoever going in - not sure if that's typical here or a result of the crowd at this show, but it was great.  We had good seats in the last row of the orchestra so the view and sound were fantastic.  I was on antibiotics so wasn't drinking but there never seemed to be much of a line at the bar at any point, even during setbreak, and it is awesome that you don't have to leave the show to get a drink if you want.  My bf got me a diet coke and they gave me one of those metal bottles (small but cool) with the cap on!*  The ushers and staff were all so nice.  The only time I saw them "bother" anyone was to tell one guy in front of us to stop videotaping (he had an actual camera and was told to stop two separate times; they either didn't notice or didn't care about those using iPhones to take photos or videos) but both ushers were really polite about it and just asked him to stop.  Again not sure if "no videos" was a rule for this particular show or for the Apollo in general. I wish they had more big name concerts here.  Everything about this venue just made for a perfect concert experience (sure, listening to Trent Reznor and his wife's incredibly sexy voices for 2 hours and watching their mindblowing visual light show helped).  I am definitely going to keep my eye on the calendar and hope to return for another show before too long.  I never had any desire to go to Amateur Night before, but would consider it just to come back.  I bet soul night is fun! *Pet peeve: I hate when venues won't give you the cap!  Do they really think I'm gonna spend $5 on a bottle of water and throw it at someone?  MSG, for all its awesomeness, is guilty of being cap police; I now always bring some bottle caps in with me so I can put my water down if I feel like it.  I always bring extras to make friends with my neighbors too, and it works!
This historical landmark was just as excellent as I remembered it years ago when I went to a show. We took the tour and had a blast. I was honored to have been allowed to perform on the famous Apollo stage during the tour and to rub the wood :-).
I came here for mainstage performances for a hip hop convention and this venue is pretty different from performance venues that I've been to. I see people dancing to the beat of the music on the aisles before performances and during intermission. Seats were not all filled but I'm not sure if that happens all the time, or if it's just that event. I hope to come back for Amateur Night sometime, but being able to visit at least once has crossed off another bullet off of my bucket list.
Don't sleep on this place! A lot of people forget about the Apollo but it's still churning out great shows every week. I've had a lot of fun here and it's great to see the variety of people that come out. There's a lot of great talent to be seen.
Was here for the first time for the How To Destroy Angels show. "it looks so much bigger on TV" was my first thought. the staff who work there are super nice. it was exciting for me to be there having known about the place since I was your age.
My Favorite theater in NY . Price is high , but it worth. They have really good performance andfood and drinks.:)
It's a landmark, what more can I say? We swung by during a Birthplace of Hip Hop tour and there was a super long line for amateur night try-outs. We took the obligatory pictures out front and even peered through the glass doors. It was nice to be at a location that started several stars careers. Watch out for the forceful solicitation of wanna be rappers claiming to be working with the WuTang lingering outside!
Theater: Well-maintained, relatively intimate venue with an incredible history (which you can and should go learn about by May 1, 2011 at an exhibit at the Museum of the City of New York: mcny.org). My first time here I sat in the orchestra, but my second time I was in the second-to-last row of the first balcony, and because there's a second balcony above, we felt as if we were looking at the stage through a viewfinder. If I were to see a show here again, I'd get only first or second row balcony or orchestra seats. Shows: I saw Dreamgirls here a couple of years ago, and thought it was an excellent production.   Amateur Night: I have memories of seeing this on TV years and years ago, and maybe it always was this way, but it appeared to my young and naive eyes to be more authentic than was my live experience a few weeks ago. The audience today is chock-full of foreign tourists, and it felt a little bit like the cast was going through the motions. It was clear that at least one of the contestants that was booed off the stage was a plant -- a Japanese guy with bleach blonde hair playing guitar and singing Nirvana. One other contestant was booed off -- a guy singing "Let's Get It On." The other contestants were all vocalists, none of whom played an instrument, but most had nice voices. The kids' singing competition, which precedes the main show, was cute -- everyone cheers for the kids. There's also a funny but random dance-off with people plucked from the audience at the very beginning. The house band was really, really good, and the "executioner" was fun to watch. The show is relatively short, and there's a 15-minute intermission in the middle so they can make more money on drinks, which, by the way, are quite expensive. A plastic cup of mediocre beer is $7 or $8. You can buy drinks at any time and bring them to your seat (no rules about caps or cups with tops), and if you're in a back row near the bar, as we were, you can go back and forth from the bar throughout the show and no one complains.
Got to see it, didn't get to rub the stump. :(  Would love to see the inside and experience a comedy show.
It is Legen...wait for it...dary!  Based on its rich history and its successful track  record of catapulting some of our finest musical legends into fame, I have nothing negative to say about this place.  I mean I was disappointed that I didn't see Kiki Shepard, but I didn't  go to see a taping of Showtime at the Apollo, so all is forgiven. It's much smaller than what  I had envisioned, but watching a performance by the the little tykes of Uptown Dance Academy made me wonder if one day maybe they too will follow the same path that many of their predecessors that performed on that very stage.
I was so excited to finally go here.  I grew up watching Showtime! At the Apollo every Saturday night.  I couldn't believe I was about to see in person the legendary amateur talent competition and the famed piece of wood that each performer touches. I left so sad and disappointed after my experience.  I have never felt so singled out in my life.  The group of friends I went with (all mixed nationalities) were astounded at the behavior we received. Things started out bad before we even got into the theater.  I walked towards the sidewalk and began framing up a shot of the outside of the theater.  Before I could snap the photo an African man selling Shea butter products and incense started cursing at me and slapped my camera out of my hand.  Luckily I had the strap on my wrist and it prevented the camera from shattering on the ground.  He began cursing at me telling me: "Who the f%ck do you think you are!?  Don't take my f$cking picture man! F#uck you! Get the f$uck out of here!" I was literally in shock because he came out of nowhere and I managed to apologize to him and tell him that I couldn't even see him in the frame of the shot.  I have no idea why he was so angered by the fact that he thought I was taking his photo, especially considering the fact that he is in broad daylight and in front of the theater. Walking into the ancient theater I found the staff to be very nice and they helped our group locate our seats.  We were high up in the balcony and even though we were so far away from the show, I was still excited to be there.  At one point the host singled out the oldest person in attendance.  An elderly woman stood up and announced she was 94 years old.  Everyone stood up to give her a respectful and well deserved standing ovation.  I stood up in my seat to show my respect and was promptly told to "Sit the f$ck down a$$hole!' and had several bottle caps thrown at me.  I was surprised that people behind me would have this reaction especially considering we were sitting so far away from the action.  I also could not figure out why I would be screeched at when it was clear to the entire audience that it was this elderly woman's moment.  Upon sitting the group of gentlemen that had screamed at us shouted: "That's right a$$holes!"  Absolutely no one in our vicinity payed any mind and everyone pretended not to hear.  One woman even had a smirk on her face as if we had deserved the screeching.   I tried to enjoy the rest of the show but feared what would happen if I stood up and applauded for any of the amazingly talented child performers that were on stage. It's amazing how the crowd can really affect how good a time you have when you go out. I will stick to watching it on tv for now.
Great place to see emergent talent and soak up some downhome Harlem spirit. Been at Amateur Night twice and it's worth every penny. Sat in box seats, amazing view of performers. Then, get this, Stevie Wonder came in and did a quick piece!  I screamed my head off... Must GO!
Amateur Night at the Apollo Theater is hands down one of the best evenings out in NYC.  It has it all...enjoyable entertainment, a hilarious host(Comedian Capone), audience participation and the little kid acts to warm your heart.   The Theater has got all the energy, the excitement and the history behind it to produce one spectacular evening.  The Apollo is a great escape from the mundane and a good way to get a true hearty belly laugh. Everybody that is there is ready to have a good time and no one is holding back.  I promise you that you will not be disappointed with the show in any way shape or form. My friends and I haven't laughed that hard for a long time..we were laughing at the host who was laughing at the audience and the talent.     We were laughing at "The Executioner" who boots the amateur  talent off stage if they are bad enough to get booed. The Executioner happens to also be an amazing tap dancer with some serious costume changes.  The live band that backs-up the talent is also top-notch.  All of us self-declared foodies on yelp that have been Uptown, Downtown, East Side, West Side, over to Brooklyn and across to Queens searching out the most delicious authentic food spots need to take an evening and participate in the 70 year tradition that is Amateur Night at the Apollo.   Their alumni is impressive and they have an ever expanding roster of world class talent including such legends as Ella Fitzgerald,  Billie Holiday, James Brown, Ben. E. King, Jackie Wilson, The Isley Brothers, Luther Vandross, Michael Jackson, Fat Joe and Lauryn Hill You could be a part of it..all for under $30.
The show was amazing when I went!  The host was hilarious!
Came to the Apollo for Amateur Night (Wednesdays). So fun! Considering tix are less than $20, you really get your money's worth. I highly recommend everyone coming at least once. The theater is beautiful, the show is fun and entertaining, and afterwards, you are within walking distance of a million delicious soul food restaurants!
Have been here for Amateur night (a hoot- and definitely worth it) and then came to see Ryan Adams (my secret idol) on Halloween night.  Beware, the staff here is superfriendly but they will put the smackdown on your behind if they catch you taking pictures- no matter how stealth you think you are being.  They will make you delete your pix on your camera right in front of them, and I heard rumors they were confiscating cameras.  I don't know what the deal is-- it apparently is the venue's issue, not the artist's- as RA does not give a crap about such.  Having said all that, by comparison to another similar sized venue-- Town Hall, which SUCKS(also saw Ryan there)- the Apollo is terrific.  There are not many bad seats and so it is pretty intimate, and the sound system is great.  We sat on the front row of the upper mezzanine, and thought our vantage point was just fine.
Its the Apollo.
Wait a miniute?? Am a barbian because I want to scream and boo people off the stage? Because that is the real reason I primarily go to the apollo.Ya know this place is a piece of american history for all the talented undiscovered acts and legends that have graced the stage. Of course established musical acts, comedians, and other performers do thier performances there now adays as well , which Ive attented. Ive just personally had way more fun at the tapings of  Amateur Night at the Apollo. They do have two weeks of the event/preliminaries  and then the best or worst of the best gets to on to be on  the television show. The auditions are way easier to get tickets to than the actual TV tapings and ive experienced & enjoyed both. The people are so much fun, the crowd is sort of electric just very real and energetic, emotional and non biased. It's just a very  honest- non pretensious set up, in a PC society, its quite liberating to boo and scream and hiss, or cheer and yell  and say what you feel. The excitement a little bit is in when the contestant comes out, because you just  NEVER have a clue of what they are going to do and its just so amazing!! Some of them wow you. Some of the talent totally blows you out of your seat. The Apollo Theatre is great- the historical photos inside and evidence of all the legends that got  thier start there.Interesting one of a kind decor.
Amateur Night here was pretty fun....the performers here weren't the most talented but I had a good time.  You gotta give it up for the emcees (hosts) which I though were even more entertaining than the performers.  There were a few of really talented individuals, but you can find  way better entertainment on YouTube or the tele.
Thank the lord for The Apollo Theater, Sinbad and its consistency for always being NYC's coolest venue.
2 words. Amateur night. The most fun and laughs you'll have in a long time. They need to have this at least 3 times a week. It was great. Just like watching it on the television.
I love this place. I went for a tour...I was on stage and did a little something. I love all of the history here. It is a beautiful theater and worth a trip for a show or a tour.
I enjoyed myself so much my first time at the Apollo, I've gone back since and have plans to go again. I went for Amateur Night (Wednesday) but it was what they call the "Top Dog" show so everyone who was performing had previously won. There was a lot of talent and pretty diverse. I saw a harmonica player, spoken word, singers, guitar players, dancers, impersonations... It was awesome. TIP: if you are a student, tickets are only 10 bucks the day of. What a steal!! The first time I was in the mezzanine, the second time in the orchestra but there's not a bad seat in the house! If you have nothing to do on Wednesdays... Check out Apollo!
This is one of the MOST intimate venues. The ticket prices are absolutely justified and worth it. Every time I pass by it, I yearn for one of my favorite artists to perform there. When I saw Björk play here a few years ago, I got lucky and nabbed some tickets from ticketmaster a few days before and had one of the best times I've ever had at a concert. Always look out for tickets to this venue a few days before.
I went to their Amateur Night a while back and it was one of the best shows I've seen in a long time! The whole theater was packed! and the crowd was really into it. The performances we're great and really entertaining, they also picked out someone from the audience to perform, and this little woman started crumping it was great to watch! I would definitely go back.
Wow I had so much fun watching Amateur Night at The Apollo!  Great energy!  I look forward to going back!  Highly recommended!!
I've seen a few good shows here. I only attended because I was invited. The place is real far uptown and not in a great neighborhood. Don't park on the street. The staff were pretty rude and without any class. I realize it is a famous place and there needs to be the extra security they seem to have but they do not need to be obnoxious to their customers. Total turnoff. I probably will never go back but I did see a couple of good shows there. Just an awful environment to be in.
On a recent trip to NY, we decided to catch Amateur Night. We enjoyed the performances, no one was booed off.  The doors opended at 6:30 like they said they would and the preshow started shortly after that. They had a DJ playing music to keep us entertained. The host of Amateur Night was comedian Capone. He did a good job keeping us entertained. He even took pictures with the audience during intermission.  We enjoyed the experience in being able to visit a long standing theater.
I was harassed here for no reason by a small group of girls. I was just trying to use the bathroom, and they started insulting me for my race, and when they noticed I had a  hispanic accent (I am cuban), they called me a "bagger". This really ruined my night.
I have had one of the best time of my life last wednesday during the Amateur Night. Thanks to this great article frenchcultureguide.com/0… I have been to the Apollo Theater and it was amazing ! I strongly recommend it to everyone who love music and fun. I hope I have seen the next Lauryn Hill...
This place is pretty cool. The history of it all. I came here to see a screening of a film my friend was in and we had a blast. Great staff, strong drinks. It's not a big massive theater as you might expect from seeing it on TV, but still a great spot.
I've been to the Apollo numerous times without incident. I attempted to go see Abiah in the music cafe Saturday. I didn't buy a ticket in advance and was told that I couldn't get in because the box office was closed including the Apollo. I've never encountered the box office being close during a performance before. Who does that? Who turns away a paying customer? This is the same organization that sends me emails constantly asking for support. If that wasn't bad and strange enough, I was treated so rudely by some ex-stripper looking monkey manager named "Q". I was told that that was his real name and not his stripper name. He didn't seem to know anything or seemed to care nor did anyone else who works there. What an embarrassment to whoever does the hiring there. Luckily, there aren't that many shows at the Apollo that is of interest to me so I don't plan to go back anytime soon. I'm over supporting low level businesses...
absolutely amazing.  if you have the guts to boo somebody off the stage as they rap about some agonizing lifechanging event, this is the place for you.  amateur night is fantastic entertainment, as much from the crowd around you - hint: they're not shy about giving opinions - to the people on stage, though the succession of female vocalists can be a bit tiring.  great band, great mc, great audience = great time.
Forget the history, this place is not really about the community in Harlem, but about a few elite Blacks and their non-community counterparts, who are milking the history of the place for every penny they can squeeze out. What is this facility really doing for the youth, community?   Another blood sucking venture using the umbrella of "we love the community" to steal.
I saw Dreamgirls recently, during its previews (*forgot to hit publish the time I wrote it, is the show over at the Apollo by now? LOL), and was pleasantly surprised at the architecture of this theater that survived much of the Harlem diaspora, which converted many of the theaters surrounding the Apollo after seasons of competing with each other. In essence, the musical takes place at the Apollo also, and scenic changes from onstage to backstage was done flawlessly and very creatively. What a lot of Broadway shows have been doing recently is using the wing lights as part of the show, and the lighting for Dreamgirls is fantastic. And that's not mentioning the costumes. The young female trio who boost themselves to stardom (and with it failure) creates a microcosm for the audience which gives the feeling that we, as watchers, don't even have the guts to face the failures they encountered on their way to stardom. As for me, I'll just sit on the upper mezzanine.
Just saw Ballet Hispanico at the Apollo.  I had not been there in years, and I was very excited to be in this historical theatre. However, it seems like people more than a historical landmark tend to define one's experience. Unfortunately, audience members disrespect rules and more ushers,  security, signage and public announcements are needed. I witnessed careless and rude behavior among audience members. I felt like I had to fend for myself. For instance, * Someone dropped their ballet program from an upper balcony--probably a careless mistake but certainly a surprise since it almost hit someone in the face. * A few people placed their drinks on platforms jutting off the mezzanine which could have easily fallen onto other audience members--thankfully none fell. * People had their cell phones on during the performance--especially after the intermission. Twice I told two neighbors to tilt their phones or turn them off because they were so distracting. * People smoked marijuana in the mezzanine which was shocking considering this was an indoor ballet and not an outdoor rock concert--still an illegal act by the way. * Security appeared unwilling to investigate the marijuana smell after I told them. Not once did I see security monitor people's use of cell phones. An usher did ask an audience member to move her drink away from the ledge. But one usher can't do everything. This gives me reason to believe that tight management protocols are lacking at the Apollo. So the night out at the Apollo was disappointing to say the least.  Such a lovely theater, with such poorly behaved people in it.
i thought the apollo was bigger, it is beautiful though and it was cool seeing the tree stump, was there for a graduation, i'll come back one day to check out the amateur nights that they have every wednesday
When we visited New York I bought tickets to attend a tour given at the  Apollo.  I wanted to put this on our itinerary because I thought it would be a cool place to go to and tap into legendary history.  It is situated right in the middle of Harlem off of 125th St. and that area seemed like a busy, nice place.   The tour was directed by Billy Mitchell ( Hi! Billy!! ) and he was such a sweetheart.  I know he is at least 50 and he knew the Chicken Noodle Soup dance lol.  The theatre was under construction so we didn't have the opportunity to go into the actual theatre but we did get a chance to see it.  There was a large group of teenagers from some program that they were participating in at UMass who also attended the tour.  Our tour group was very huge, there had to been at least 50 people who attended.  Billy directed us to a room that was within the Apollo and he told us about the history of the Apollo, the story of the famous stump and the pioneers of the Apollo.  We had the opportunity to touch the stump at the end of the presentation.  An amateur hour show was given by members of the tour group.  Some people got up and sang, some danced, and some performed little skits.  The presentation and the amateur show was nice.  I made sure I took enough pictures.  The venue was very appealing and nice despite it's age.  I bought a couple of souvenir pencils for 50 cents each and got some literature.  I would definitely go back if I ever get to New York again.  I especially wouldn't mind seeing a show!
Amateur Night was entertaining to no end. Comedian Capone was a magnificent host; the band didn't miss a beat. The building is a beautiful historical landmark, but I wish I was warned about some of its nuances.  For example, the upper balcony seats felt very crammed. I'm a small woman of 5 foot 2 inches and I felt squished;  imagine how the normal size theater goer would feel. The women's bathroom illustrates my point further. The tiny stalls were almost too tiny for this tiny person. Also, if you will only put 2 stalls in the women's bathroom but, on average, there are 20+ women in line for the restroom, a 10 min intermission will not suffice. That said, I will return for Amateur Night. Any day. Any time. As long as I'm in NY.
Had a ball at the Apollo! From the time my wife and I purchased our tickets until we left, everyone was pleasant.  Standing on line the staff were helping in assisting us with choosing seating for the best experience. In addition, we were greeted by everyone and felt welcomed. As we walked through the lobby you can immediately feel the history!  Pictures of some of our greatest performers graced the walls.   We sat about six rows from the stage and had a great view of the show. Host Comedian Capone kept us engaged and laughing the entire time.
The Apollo stage is so much smaller in person than on tv! Place was nice and the Host was awesome! The greeters/ushers was super friendly and helpful! We paid 25 for two vodka and cranberry drink that was Water Down! They had a DJ that did great, we stayed entertained the whole times. The show lasted about 3 hours!
I finally got a chance to visit the Apollo Theatre and what better way to do so than watching one of your favorite artists--Lykke Li! My best friend and I got there early, tickets scanned, and we made our way inside. The theatre is historic and it was great to see all the pictures of the famous people who start at Apollo. I normally love being in the front at concerts but I didn't have any luck when purchasing my tickets. I settled for the 2nd level mezzanine-first row/center. And wow-I couldn't ask for anything better. Perfect view of the entire theatre.  It's small and I realized even if I was on the upper level mezzanine, I still would have had a great view. Immediately, I was well aware of how attentive and nice the staff was. There's a bar area in the back- drinks, snacks, and other overpriced items. The theatre was clean, bathrooms as well, and the performance was perfect. A great show at Apollo. I hope to catch more shows here.
Apollo amateur night! It's a great night out and would recommend it to locals and anyone visiting. Honestly didn't know what to expect but it was great fun.   Be prepared to get up and dance, get out your comfort zone and be prepared to have some fun. Warning: drinks are expensive here as expected at a theatre. A little cheaper than central new York Broadway theatres Great history to this place too
The Apollo Theater is a historic landmark in Harlem. The fact that it is a lasting site in Harlem says a lot about its ability to entertain the people! I stopped by briefly to show friends who were visiting the City but I plan to come back soon for a show.
Great night of entertainment, the kind you won't get anywhere else. Amateur night is affordable and wildly entertaining. One of my new top attractions when visiting NYC.
Came for Ameture NIGHT so glad I did Capone his hilarious made me laugh all night laughed so hard my tummy hurt, so many talented and untalented ppl go here, you.can eat and drink Alcohol so you can feel tispy while.you laugh Sometimes places like this is where you need to be especially when tough times are here so Therapeutic I feel like I rested my soul go here ENJOY YOURSELF LIFE IS SO SHORT
My first time at the Apollo Theater was pretty great.  I was here for the All-Star Tribute to Don Rickles.  I am not sure how the venue is normally, but it was pretty nice for this special event.  I think they ripped out all the ground floor seats and put tables for the celebrities.  The venue was clean.  My seat was in the Upper Mezzanine and you could see the stage and performers perfectly and clearly.  I would come back to this venue if the entertainer was good.  Its just annoying to trek all  the way up in Harlem.
I went here as a kid. You will never forget the magic and the legend of the Apollo. I went here almost 4 years ago for a summit. I was overjoyed to see Phyllicia  Rasheed. ( Claire Huxtable from the Cosby Show.) The seats are comfy and the shows are powerful.
48 hours in NYC and we were debating between the free comedy show in Central Park with Gabriel Iglesias and the guy from Workaholics or Amature Night at the Apollo.  Apollo won since it was air conditioned and had preassigned seats, we wouldn't have to get in line, etc. We bought our tickets on ticket master and got 3rd row, center.  Hopped on the subway, and off we were to Harlem. We came in, got quickly seated by the ushers, and we were the ONLY asian couple in the whole place.  It started out really great. Midway into the show, they decided that they needed to sit someone else in our seats, so they literally had us stand, in the middle of the show, with the comic making fun of us, while they tried to sort it out.  They seated someone in our seats, then the ushers took off. So here we are, standing in the VERY front, comedians making fun of us, and no usher in site.  The comedian on stage actually had to calle the ushers over to try to move us away. We then went to the manager and he said he didn't know what happened, but the tickets we purchased didn't exist, even though the tickets said 3rd row, orchestra, seats 9 and 10.  And he continued to sit us in the far back of the theater.  I told him this wasn't ok, and that we paid extra for the front section tickets.  His answer basically was "oh well, I can either refund you the tickets and you leave now, or you sit where I'm telling you to sit, in the back of the theater". WTF?  so since we spent 45 minutes on the subway to get there, we decided to stay. But by then, my mood was so dampened, I couldn't enjoy the rest of the show. Get your act together Apollo.  No wonder they were only 45% sold out.
I went here my first time on Monday because my brother was selected to do a comedy set for APOLLO LIVE. I'm not allowed to post the results, since the show hasnt aired yet, but it was exciting! This theater itself is absolutely beautiful. We got there late, so we had to sit way up top. I'm glad we did, because I was able to bask in the architecture. The show itself is wild, but not as crazy as one would think. Sure, you are encouraged to be tough, but credit IS given when it is due. One jerk kept booing everyone before they even came out, so eventually, his SECTION booed him out and security removed him from the place. Awesome!
Went to the Apollo Amateur night. It's just a nice traditional event to go to in Harlem, however the best performer never wins. The audience is easily swayed by cheap tricks that shall go unnamed. In any event, it's a gorgeous theatre and I'd go there again for any other event.
I came here for Amateur Night (Wednesday nights).  Here are my tips: - The show doesn't start on time, but they keep the crowd very entertained. - The show will run about 3-3.5 hours.  I got restless and sensed everyone else did too. - They have a bar in the back with drinks and snacks. - I sat in the orchestra, center and in the middle, it was a GREAT seat. - The kid performances were hands down way better than the adult performances on the night I was there.  There was so much singing it got old after awhile. - The theater got really hot, I was sweating and I could smell the people around me (yikes).  Dress comfortably. - You can buy tickets at the window easily (and avoid paying fees).
My 3rd Apollo Amateur Night was just as good as the first (except that I met my bf at the first...so of course it was great). Always a good time. Very entertaining, fun atmosphere. The host is funny. The preformnaces are sometimes terrible, but then the booing off the stage is one of the best parts of the expierence! I highly suggest this if you are visiting the city or if you've been here for years. Going with a big group of friends is a mess of a fun time, but I would also jump at the opportunity to go with a small group. Cash only bar, but easy to get a drink. When are we going again!?
Historic beautiful venue with a fantastic Amateur night show on Wednesdays. Tickets sell out every week so plan ahead, but this is a great way to experience a little part of Harlem and see some great (and not so great) talent. Wednesday night variety show at 7:30 pm. Mostly singing acts though I have also seen dancing, contortionist, etc. I have been 3x over the past few years. They start with some music and invite a few guests up on stage for a dance off. Then they go into the future stars (kids) portion which is usually 3-4 kids performing who are so cute. Then they go into the adults section, 5-7 performers who go head to head and the winner is chosen by crowd applause. You also get a chance to boo off performers you dont enjoy (seems mean, but it's all in the fun of amateur night). The MC varies but they are always really funny and get the crowd involved. Bar is small so gets crowded. Seats are tight on leg room so good luck if you are tall! Still overall a fantastic venue and a great time every time.
Came here for Wednesday amateur night: - got to the theater 30 minutes late but was still able to catch the end of the second child performer (out of 3) so not a huge deal if you're a little late. Also seems like people come last minute to get tickets from the box office as well - on tv the stage looks HUGE but it's actually a pretty small theatre. We got seats on the second balcony front row (lower mezzanine I think) and we were really close to the stage and had a very good view of all the performers - the entire show was less than 2 hours, I've read other reviews that say the show is longer but that may be due to the number of performers in the show. Not sure if they always have the same number in every show - very accessible via subway, the B and C trains were one block away on W125th street - okay to bring bags/backpacks into the theater, we brought a backpack and weren't searched at all - if you want to boo someone off stage you and everyone else around you have to boo REALLY loud to be heard because the band and singing are extremely loud and drones out any sounds from the audience. No one was boo'd off stage during our show which was kinda disappointing because I wanted to see it live! It may have also been because most of the audience weren't locals, they were mainly tourists and didn't look like there were about to cause a ruckus
Well, I celebrated Obama's Democratic nomination at the famous Apollo Theater's Amateur Night!   I'm no political junkie.  After the heart break of Gore's "loss" I have played a very passive role in American politics.  A role in which I play an airhead most of the time and I do it very well.   Also, as an African American woman of mixed heritage, you can imagine my conflict .  Hillary? Obama? Obama? Hillary? Yelp talk threads New York? Yelp talk thread San Francisco?  I can't decide... I didn't want to reduce the candidates and their achievements down to their gender and race.  But, in the noisy historical theater it seemed timely and appropriate to reflect on 'living history' made by the best candidate...who happened to be of African descent.   Our upper mezzanine seats held black teenagers and New York proletariat.  We were the most vocal of the vocal audience members.  I imagine the cheap seats at the Globe Theater to have had the same feel in Shakespeare's time.  Except better smelling and less dirty of course.  We screamed our approval and 'Boo-ed' our indignation with WILD enthusiasm.   It was such great entertainment!  I left with a sore throat.  Always the mark of a great evening. Hot sauce in the White House.
I had a pretty spectacular night here at my inaugural visit to the Apollo.  I managed to score some tickets to the taping of a new TV show being filmed here called Spectacle.  Elvis Costello hosts/intereviews/performs with different musical guests.  This night it happened to be two of my favorite artists: Rufus Waignright and Renee Fleming.  The show will air this fall on the Sundance Channel if you're interested. But the theater itself is breathtaking.  Luxurious and cavernous, it's been home to some of the greatest entertainers of the 20th century, and I watched the show, I could help but imagine Billy Holiday or Etta James gracing the stage.  Amateur night is apparently one of most fun nights you can have in this town for under $30, and with these surroundings, I'm sure I'll be up to check it out soon! I was sad to see so few reviews for this historic place.  Come on Yelpers, get your butts uptown!
New York my favorite city, which is by now no longer a secret. It radiates 24/7 and there is so much to do. Take for instance all shows on and off Broadway. So much to choose from, that it spins your head. But what do we think is the most fun event in The big Apple? I dare share our secret with you: Amateur Night At The Apollo Theatre. The Voice, X-Factor, Soundmixshow...it has its origins all here in the theatre in the Harlem district. A theatre with great impact on the population. A very important entertainment venue for the Afro-American, who had no access to the theatres until 1934, and later also the Latino's. Here they came together regardless their backgrounds, professions and political preference. Since that same year they started the Amateur Night every Wednesday. This was broadcasted live on 21 channels. Many of our stars were discovered on these famous nights. Big names such as: Ella Fitzgerald, then 15 years old when she won the talent show, Gladys knight and The Pips, Stevie Wonder, James Brown, Michael Jackson and many other famous singers and performers. The Amateur Night is still hot every Wednesday evening from January until the end of October. The atmosphere is almost indescribable. Upon entering everyone is dancing to the music of a DJ. Many exciting things take place before the talent show actually starts. When the audience is warmed up, the first candidate appears. The boehoehoehoe cry at the first poor performing artist is a little shameful, but soon you automatically join, if you do not want to listen to caterwauling any longer. The judgement of the tap-dancing 'executioner' is relentless but received a lot nicer then the Simon Cowells we see on tv. This really is by far the best night out in NY and you have to experience it yourselves! In the months the Amateur Nights do not take place, check their agenda for great performances with big names that take place on stage here. And do you want to have dinner before or after a show, make sure you book a table at 'Red Rooster', the coolest place of Harlem just around the corner. And so delicious too!
On a recent trip to New York, a friend and I decided to get tickets for Amateur Night at the Apollo Theater. The doors opened at 6:30 and the show began at 7:30. There was an hour long pre-show with DJ Jess, and also a bar at the back of the theater. The host of Amateur Night was comedian Capone. He did a good job of keeping the show going, and as a comedian, took every opportunity he could to make jokes (nothing bad, all in good fun) about the performers and people in the audience. The show featured two different competitions. The Child Star of Tomorrow segment featured performers aged 5 to 15. Since they're kids, there's no booing during this segment of the show. The performers were so good that no one would have booed anyway. The winner was 10 (or 11, I can't remember), and she could have definitely competed against the older Amateur Night performers. The Amateur Night competition consisted of singers, dancers, a sax player, an electric guitar player, and C.P. Lacey (The Executioner). If the boos get too loud, the Executioner kicks the performer off the stage. The performances ranged from awful to excellent. The winner was electric guitar player Nathan Foley. At the beginning, the audience didn't give him a chance. Boos filled the theater, but he quickly turned the boos into standing ovations. Capone put it perfectly when he said "he hit you with his guitar, and told you to shut up." Coincidentally, both the Star of Tomorrow and Amateur Night winners that night went on to be the overall winners for 2010. Besides the Amateur Night competition, impressionist C.P. Lacey performed as James Brown singing Get On Up. Audience members also had a chance to get involved in the show. A few people were chosen for a dance contest. There was no booing during this segment, so I'm sure that made it a little easier for them to get on stage. I definitely wouldn't have been brave enough to get up on stage (even without booing). There was also a historical segment of the show, highlighting past Apollo Theater performers. Ticket prices range from just below 20 to 30 dollars. If you are in New York, I would definitely recommend checking out Amateur Night at the Apollo Theater. Although we didn't get a chance to do it this time, historic tours are also given at the theater.
Can I get a WHOMP WHOMP?!! Can I get a HELL NAW?! Can I get a OHHH SNAP?! Can I get a HELL YEAH?!!!! Welcome to Amateur Night at the Apollo where the rules are simple. There should be no whomp whomps, hell naws, ohhh snaps and hell yeahs. A simple cheer and boo will do just fine. Anything else really gets on the host's nerves. Amateur Night at the Apollo is every Wednesday. The cheap seats upstairs cost about $17.50. Orchestra seats are slightly more but still affordable. One can argue that if you sit downstairs you will really feel the aura of the Apollo but I thought sitting upstairs was just as fun. People come from all over the world to visit the Apollo. In our show we had people from Australia, Japan, the West Coast, and Staten Island. The early portion of the show was Amateur Night for kids and the kids schooled the adults. It's pretty amazing what goes down at the Apollo. Come to showcase your talent or don't come at all. Oh man there were some acts I wanted throw tomatoes at. But it's all good and it makes for an enjoyable evening. The show also starts early at 7:30 PM. Show Harlem some love and check out the Apollo Theater. It's filled with so much history and magic. Magic is what happens on stage there.
First time in NYC. First time at the Apollo Theater. It is a must while in NYC! Apollo is like that uber cool grandparent. They always knows what's up and have been cool since cool was king. They introduced you to Lauryn Hill before she did, "That thing. That thing." Musts while at the Apollo. Before anything, PLEASE touch the log. It's good luck! Grab a drink and take a seat. Listen before you boo! Expect to see a star in the making. And be prepared to be awed!
I attended amateur night at the Apollo tonight (Wednesday). Good fun! I have a student card, so at $10 the show was a bargain.  I was afraid that a $10 student ticket would only get me a nosebleed seat, but on this particular Wednesday the theater was only at about half-capacity.  So they didn't even bother opening the mezzanine seats -- they seated everyone in the ground level (orchestra) seats.  Great views ! The booze was really expensive:  $7 for a beer, $8 for a small glass of wine; fairly outrageous by Harlem standards.  Even a small cup of cola was $4!  On the positive side, the bar is right at the back of the theater, and you can take your drink to your seat.  How civilized! Being Amateur Night, the quality of the performers varied:  some talented, some semi-talented.  (Mostly singers, with a couple other miscellaneous acts like dancers and spoken word mixed in.) Don't worry about arriving too early, because there is a DJ on stage talking and playing music to warm up the crowd. The show was hosted by a comedian named Capone, who was perfect in his role.  He quieted some hecklers down, while entertaining the crowd and encouraging positivity. The winner tonight (voted by the audience at the end of the evening) was a female Michael Jackson dancer/impersonator.  Very entertaining. Here's the timing of the show I attended, since many in attendance were wondering how long the show lasts:   6:30pm  Doors open   7:30pm  Show Starts   8:35pm  Intermission (15 minutes)   8:50pm  Show Restarts   9:20pm  Show Finishes I think Amateur Night at the Apollo is something that everyone should attend once.  If you qualify for $10 student or senior tickets, it's a no-brainer.
review for 7/17/2012 Growing up in the 90's, I remember watching  Showtime at the Apollo, and I remember thinking I bet it would fun to sit in the audience. Well, I finally got that chance. A friend of mine was going to be on Amateur night, and I was overly excited to go. It was super hot in NYC, but the energy of W 125th was insane (in a great way). And then, i saw the Apollo Theater, and words can't explain my awe. This place is where the legends perform!!!!! Although we were in line since 7pm, the line was long. Over two hours later,  the crowd was let into the Apollo, and once again, I was in AWE. Now, I was surprised that the actually theater was so small. It looks huge on TV. None the less, the energy just oozed from this place. The comedian. Rob Stapleton, kept the crowd laughing. I literally was rolling on the floor laughing my ass off.  I had a chance to go on a night when Tony Rock was the host, and he was hilarious. Dog E. Fresh and Micheal Bivins were in the building as judges, but the real stars of the night were the "amateur" performers. They have bigger nerves than me because the Apollo audience is ruthless. Overall, the night was AMAZING! I had a chance to attend amateur night, laugh, cheer, boo, AND watch a legend perform, Gladys Knight! If you are in Harlem, you MUST attend amateur and see a show at the legendary Apollo Theater.
We came here for the Amateur Night and we were not disappointed! The host was hilarious and CJ was amazing in tap dance and everything else. It was nice to see so many talented people competing for a few spots to advance to the next level. This was a great historical venue to witness all the performances and talents. The seats are a little cramped but the host makes it fun! I think everyone should at least come here once in their life to witness the old glory.
I finally had a chance to see K.D. Lang perform here, last night. The gorgeous, historic theater was a fitting venue for her.  Mysterious  and haunting and divine.   The Apollo is a place of musical history.  Walking up the steps you can see the photographs of countless entertainers who have graced the stage, from the Fats Navarro to The Supremes.  Its a must-see for all New Yorkers as well as out-of-towners in search of a key piece of New York City's important history.
This historic spot has awesome shows and a pretty basic but tasteful feel. There are no bad seats. The ushers are all helpful and jovial. I came here for _Swimming Upstream_, which, in itself, wasn't revolutionary. But it was great watching this show in this landmark spot with lots of other feminists. The sound operator wasn't stellar - though this show was only put on once - but the show was still powerful.
Choose Your Seats Right or Bring Ear Plugs Overall our evening at the Apollo was a good experience.  We went to a "best of" Amateur Night and the highlights really stood out - all the talent (pretty amazing) and experiencing a show in such an historic venue were great.  The stage band, the preshow video and live performances, all done well. Want the best seats for watching the show?  Try for the front row of the Lower Balcony.  Next best is at the back of the orchestra section.  I know these aren't the most expensive - but you'll get the best show experience there and it'll be loud but you won't need ear plugs.  The orchestra section close to the stage is intolerably loud.  Multiple people around us, including some of the kids, were repeatedly putting their fingers in their ears - it was intolerable. The MC, Capone, a local comedian, overall does an adequate job.  He might consider the courtesy of doing a little preparation.  He was completely unprepared, faking it from the beginning of the show, reading off a card (obviously for the first time) when it was time to introduce the next act.  He should take pride in his MC'ing and not just rely on his comic talent.  He could double his professionalism by reading the cards before the show starts.  Then he can make sure he knows the contestant's names and what the act is about and in general introduce the act professionally.  Instead of stumbling over their names and in the end getting them wrong.  Do you know what it means to a performer when you announce their name wrong?   This is a great theater and historic venue.  I'd definitely go again, maybe to a regular Amateur Night at the Apollo.
Shame on me for not going here earlier since moving to NYC.  I attended Amatuer Night right before they closed for their month-long renovation, and could not beee-lieve such fun was possible. Ticket prices may cause some of you who are on a budget to classify this as a "Special Occasion" place, however, you're not just paying for a concert, you are paying for THE World Famous Apollo: the glowing marquee, the velvet walkway, the grand theater, and one rockin' good time. For under $30, there ain't no excuse! I won't do Amatuer Night justice to simply describe it.  You just have to take my five stars and see for yourself.  You'll laugh, you'll get chills, and you'll get tipsy on generously poured apple martinis (served in a large plastic cup you can take into the theater). It's good, clean fun and I can't wait to return.
This weekend was full of cultural experiences. My dad came to visit the same weekend as Harlem Jazz Shrines so I was excited about taking him to some shows - and what better show than Jazz a la Carte at the Apollo?? I had been wanting to come experience a show here since I moved to the city and this was the perfect opportunity. We had lower mezz. seats - front row- and they were great, though a little stingy on the leg room. Everyone was so friendly and the venue is much smaller than I had imagined (Showtime at the Apollo sure makes this place seem gigantic!). All of the acts were great - especially Maurice Hines (with his charimastic performances of some Sinatra classics and his ridiculous tap dancing skills - at age 68, this man has more energy than I ever have_ and Savion Glover (dude, seriously. this guy is crazy talented with his feet) I love coming up to Harlem - so much more exciting and full of culture than say, Midtown, where I spend most of my time... (womp womp). Everytime I come up to this neighborhood I have an amazing time whether its a jazz show, checking out a soul food restaurant or just meeting a friend at a bar. I had an awesome time here and would love to make it back to check out amateur night! Strongly suggest it to anyone who comes to visit the city - this is a historic landmark that should NOT be missed.
I love this place!!!  My mother first took me there when I was about 10 years old...I'll never forget the show....it was the OJay's and Main Ingrediant...There was also a movie shown called "Save The Children" with Isaac Hayes, the Jackson 5, Marvin Gaye, Jessie Jackson and many others....I remember the large photo collection in the front lobby of all the performers that sang there....Billie Holiday, Sam Cooke, Ella Fitzgerald, James Brown, Stevie Wonder, etc.... I still go there...Most recently i've been to Amateur Night and I went there a few years ago after Christmas to see James Brown funeral......Anybody visiting NY should stop by the World Famous Apollo Theatre.....
