If you expect to win big (or win at all), expect  that  it might be easier to to win MegaMillions.  Winning is not easy at Empire City.  It's a pleasant relaxing atmosphere with nice machines but if you're a video poker player like me,  throw all your knowledge about poker out the window and realize that wining is dependent upon a lottery system that determines if you win.  For example, if you have 4 diamonds and have 10 chances to draw another diamond, you will never get it.  Likewise, if you have a lousy hand and hold everything, you will at least win something when the "genie" waves her magic wand..  I have lost way more times than I've won but when you win, you can win big.  On nickel poker, I won $800 and then $1000 and this happened yesterday.  A few months ago, I won $8000.   The restaurant scene is pretty depressing and they should add another restaurant or two but they do have two food courts that offer everything from terrific fried shrimp to pizza and good pastries.  The bathrooms are lovely and I for one feel like the queen of England when I use their facilities. The alcoholic beverages are pathetic and remind me of being served kool aid in a plastic cup.  They do however offer  free coffee and soda.   Empire City is not meant replace a trip to Atlantic City, Vegas or CT.  Just view it as a close by alternative, a nice diversion to spend a few hours.  Please be very, very careful since it's so hard to win here (but fun).
I walked in here and the first thing wrong was the missing smell of tobacco. This place just smelled weird. Some friends from a radio station was broadcasting from here, so a friend and I decided to hit it this place up to pay a visit. Ive never bet on horses before, but would consider coming back with a hardcore horse racing gambler friend just for some cheap entertainment. The slot machines were very evil here, there were just so many, tons and tons of them. No tables or anything else. Gambling on slots is worse than my baseball card collecting addiction. Sad place.
Love the place If it is still there when i retire it would be my spot.  Order drinks while you play a sea of slots and then grab a snack at the bar or the restaurant.  Cross your fingers you might be the next winner.  I got lucky twice and played it back a month later....stick to the penny slots and progressive your really playing $3 each hand so watch out you can loose fast if you keep hitting the max button. I wish they had tables.....Atlantic City for that......
Unless you have money to burn, dont bother going here! This Casino is a straight RIP OFF!  When it first opened up, I actually won some money here & there. I think the max was a little over a $1,000. But now if I go Im just feeding the machine. I go with several family members, and once in a blue my Aunt or mother wins. But for the most part the consensus is that this Casino doesn't pay out!
It's okay for a short visit, but after a while it becomes super tiresome and boring. The constant noise and lights make you feel like you're on a bad LSD trip. There's a lot of slot machines. The food is gross though. Don't waste your money on their food. The drink prices are okay. I had a few white russians for $7 a pop. I went on a friday night and there were a lot of senior citizens. So it's not really a spot for youngins.Some of the patrons are downright rude. I had no qualms with the people who worked there though. I lost $109 bucks, but my brother won $180. Despite this I have no interest in returning. I much rather go to Atlantic city or Vegas!
I grew up in Yonkers (Right around Katonah, near the Water Reservoir, to be exact, so I'm a 2 minute drive from the Raceway...) and I protested this place from the moment I found out they were going to be building a casino. Gone are the memories of the Westchester County Fair, and the Flea Markets they use to have on the weekends (I remember my sister snagging a bunch of stuff from there when I was in High School). Amazing how much of a deal they made out of renovating the place but the parking lot still looks like a decaying, crackling mess. What's depressing, more so than the false advertising that they put up for this place making it sound like Atlantic City, is the lines you see of people waiting for the bus to come here. I've encountered this not only in the city while waiting for the BXM4C, but even as close as McClean or Katonah. Even if this place has a terrible rating, it brings in so much revenue to Yonkers that they have their own Beeline bus lines now. I've seen ads for this place all along the MDE (Major Deegan Expressway), and although I've never been inside (My sister has) the idea of this place existing not too far from me leaves a pretty bad taste in my mouth. With the quality of our schools sinking, and now our buslines being cut, it's no doubt this city is going down the drain. Well, here's to the good old days...
Well I wouldn' t come here to eat again. I tried lunch once in cafeteria style restaurant and it was not very good.  I suggest eating before you get here and maybe throw a snack bar in your pocket to nosh.  I'm not a big slot player, I'm more of  a table game player.  I do go here to play the roulette.  They have a live wheel which the ball electronically spits out the ball, It is NOT AT ALL FIXED.  I have won a few times, you just need to know when to get up and walk away after winning a few spins...  There a electronic roulette also but, I don't chose to play that because there is no live physical ball or spinning wheel which I find fishy!!   This place is great for slot player since its chock full of slots..  This is a good place to spend a few hrs without having to drive 2+ hours to A.C...
If you don't feel like going all the way to Atlantic City, then this is a good place to go. I never had any big winnings here ...just a couple of hundreds. I find it hard to get lucky here. But for the gambling type...this is perfect. Very easily accesible from the city.
I really like this casino. Although I didn't win, I played a really long time. The cocktail servers were attentive, the place was clean and it wasn't all smokey. The only thing I didn't like was the $10 valet fee.
If you like slots then this place is ok. Things I don't likeare no card games, no free liquor while playing, crowded, and food is pricy.
I think this place tries the best it can be in New York considering real gambling is illegal here (funny how Jersey seems to be OK with it). I mean come on. Video game roulette? Really? Ah well. The food in the food court is ok. Not great, just OK. Honestly the only reason I come here is for the parents enjoyment. Probably going to start visiting Aqueduct more than this place since they opened a "casino," also.
Very disappointing.  As bad as an OTB and a boring track
What to expect: My fiancee and I went Yesterday (Sunday afternoon) It took us a short time to get there. Once we understood the parking situation(parking is free, however, you can't have your car alarm on or if it goes off, you'd be subject to a $200.00 fine. We took the shuttle which is also free, however you do need to wait a little bit going to the casino and when you leave. If you want valet service, it's a lot easier and will probably take advantage the next time we go there. Once inside you'll see wall to wall slot machines. It took some time to find the right video poker machine for us, but it was worth the wait. My fiancee broke even and I made $1,055.00. I gave the place 4 out of 5 stars, because we were very thirsty and didn't see anyone passing around soft drinks, so we went searching for a place. The food court charged us $7.05 for two sodas. That was a rip off. But my revenge was walking out of the casino with a small bundle of winnings. Na Na Na Na Na LOL
I've been heading South to Empire City rather than North to Foxwoods for the past six months only because Empire City would send me coupons for $80 food at either of their two upstairs restaurants. I'd also get at least $50 in free play. But lately they've gotten cheap and send me a $10 food voucher and $20 slot play. I don't know what happened with Empire City but they turned around from being generous with their freebies to get us to go there to being downright cheap. I get two free hotel rooms offers every week at either Foxwoods or MGM Grand. If' the slots at Empire City have tightened up and they don't offer any good vouchers then why would I bother going there at all anymore?  Oh wait.... I won't
I've lived in Yonkers all my life and I have to say that I just hate this place, especially since a couple years ago when they closed down the old raceway flea market. For the past 30 years, no matter how much money the raceway took in, their property looked like a depressed and blighted run-down pile of crap. Even after they put up the new casino building (which resembles a big ugly gray prison) they STILL haven't finished removing the crumbling old parking garage or bothered to fix the rusty beat-up old chain link fences in the back. The business owners here don't give a damn about the local community. It might not be so bad if it was a real casino, but all they have is video lottery, no card tables. You're better off going to Atlantic City or Mohegan Sun if you like to gamble.
don't ever ,ever go to a casino anywhere in this world and expect to come out a "winner". view your day at the casino as "a theater ticket " a fabulous show with or without lunch. theater costs about 150-200 a ticket, and lunch can cost 40-50 or more... if you can keep your losings under 2oo,{ my cutoff} you've had a great day !!! spent 4 to 5 hrs gamblin , and had a wonderful "asian" lunch in food court for under 9.00 dollars. { yes there is some really good food in the lowly food court !!} takes your mind off your problems, some severe. bells and whistles are definitely therapuedic, so are  the wide variety of folks, while there is much to be desired at this casino, { waiting for help for your disabled slot, for instance } it is really a fabulous fun place !!!!!!!!!!!! thanks a.s
If it had tables I would give it a 4 star rating. I would not play but I think it would bring in more people and liven up the place a bit. I think it is a good place to do something different once in a blue.
Looking for a great night out,then come out to Empire City,you can gamble,eat and also dance your feet off.I usually go their on Saturday nights.A live band starts at 10pm.They have great bands,a different one every week
For the past 25 years, I've visited Casinos all over the world.. AC, Las Vegas, Australia, Poland, Austria, Monaco, etc.  Despite the fact that I don't bet high stakes, I consider myself a "professional gambler" in the sense that I know when a Casno's offerings give the bettor a reasonable return on the amount wagered. I don't play slots regularly, so I can't speak for slot players but... upstairs on the second floor in the back at Empire there are several "Game Maker" video poker slots that pay 2 coins for 2 pair, and are 8/5 (flush/full house) BONUS machines. Their payout should be 100%+. That payout for video poker players combined with very generous mail offers for Empire Card Holders makes this casino worth visiting. On the downside, it seems stuffy, and the dining choices are limited, mediocre, and insanely overpriced! However, compared to Resorts World at Aqueduct, there is no comparison!
First of all let me say that I visit this casino OFTEN, I am a member, and I come all the way from Queens. I pass Resorts World casino near my house and pay a toll because I actually win more and I like the food and environment better. My grandmother, who is also a member, asked me to drive her to Empire because they were giving her a good amount of money to play with. When we get there the staff member tells her that her money was not available because she already used it on July 4th. That is impossible because my grandmother was in Mississippi for our family reunion on July 4th. No one else could have used her card. Are there casino credit scammers too? They did nothing for her at the time. No slot credit, no food credit. Oh I'm sorry, they said they were going to investigate it and give her a call in a few days. She had her own money to play with but it put a damper on the visit. It's sad when profitable businesses have horrible customer service. A manager did respond to this review to help but even that was a struggle. I called the number she gave me 3 separate times in one day and no one seemed to know who she was to transfer me. After being skeptical about it a few days I called again and amazingly the operator transferred me right to her voicemail. I left a message and then a few days later a gentleman returned my call. He told me that he couldn't tell me who used her card or how it was used that day because it was too far back in the system to see (Yea Right) and they can't do anything about used comp dollars. However, to fix the situation he offered my grandmother 4 tickets to see The Stylistics & The Manhattans perform at the casino with a free dinner for 4 at any of the restaurants. He didn't leave her high and dry and I respected that. They enjoyed the show!
Even though this is just a big casino full of slot machines, next to a horse track, I still think it's fun. The food court isn't too bad - the meatball grinder is made in a real brick oven and actually pretty good for cafeteria style food. Lots of slots to choose from; sadly for me, they were mostly losing slots at that. Good family night out though.
...and I thought Atlantic City was ghetto. Yo, so there are tables to gamble at, but no dealers, just electronic crap. Womp fuckin womp.  I ain't down with that. The Terrace dining area where you can get ya eat on and bet on horse racing is ok. TV's at each table, stadium seating so you can see the live races via giant windows, pretty attentive waiters.  The food was ok.  Wings, spare ribs, braised short ribs...all edible. The old dude that takes your race bets was hella funny...that job looked like it sucked. The valet parking seemed suspect, but my dopemobile came back to papa, unscathed. Dayum, seriously, this place attracts some-a-da fugliest ethnic-lookin peeps I've seen. Vegas, I miss you.
What can I say this  place is a money pit, if you let it.  The  racetrack was a dump so making a Casino was a smart move. I bet the Rooney family who own the racetrack are glad they didn't sell this crap hole a couple of years ago. Place is nice outside as well as inside, easily reached by car, bus and metro north ( which has a free shuttle from train station). First  you must get a free players card, which you insert in the slot machine, (that will munch your money away) The more you play the more points you add on players card which you can use to purchase the insanely overpriced food and drinks .Place is big, so I always get lost inside, so many slot machines of many different amounts from pennies slots to over 100 buck machines. Also video poker and video Roulette is a big draw here. The Food court is nothing to brag about ,pizza is OK, but I would avoid other stuff. Go with hotdogs or pretzels which are a safe bet. .Last couple of years place has been expanded thanks to all the losers. They have music at night mostly cover bands and Sunday is salsa night. The Rooney's sports bar pub is OK to watch the games, TVs all over and food is OK. Gets crowded on weekends, if you need you can  get some air outside and sit at the stands were folks watch the horses run. So many slots so take it slow, its so sad when I see people go back and forth to the many ATM machines inside(really sad). Listen if you don't want to make that trek to Atlantic(sinking) City, Go with the gang or whom ever to Empire City Casino. Just leave debit and card cards home,  Please keep in mind that if you are looking to hit a jackpot you have a better chance of seeing a black person at a Hockey game(only kidding) Listen play smart or you will regret it. When its time to cash out do it , a ticket prints out with your winnings and run to redemption section or automated redemption machine to collect your bread. Its about having fun for a couple of hours ,please remember that, P.S. check website for freebies and giveaways. A Hotel and indoor Arena for concerts and shows will be built in the near future as more compulsive gamblers keep losing. I forget to mention Kenny Rogers, Air Supply, Michael Bolton  etc. Perform shows here( Damn they really must need the money) Later folks got to get back to losing more of my retirement money.
Why is it freezing inside EMPIRE CITY ?   the air conditioning is on overkill. Had to leave. Lots of people commenting about it.
I like to come here with friends during the week when its not so hectic. The crowds can get a little ridiculous. Last time I was here they were about to take a girl out on a stretcher because she had a little too much. A lot of the dudes are just rude and cat call and stare at you with googly eyes. Then this dude was literally asking my friend to buy him a drink with her husband standing right behind her. Show some class people! We know how to handle ourselves though and we dont let that get in the way of having fun. The slots are nice, no table games. Its all automated. Games seem well maintained but they defintely need to be more attentive with waitresses on the floor, especially upstairs. i feel like that area is really neglected. They also have these dumb rules like aluminum bottles are only served by waitresses and glass bottles at the bar. If you are taking the drink to go they give you a cup. Drinking should be fun, stop making it difficult. Not only that but one of the bigger bars actually closed early on a Friday night when it was packed with people. They sure lost a lot of business. Ive checked out most of the restaurants as well and Pinch is great but stay away from the Italian joint upstairs. Its completely tasteless. Chef Boyardee out of a can tastes better hahaha.
Cool place to hangout and spend a little money and hopefully win some too. Food is not bad. Lots of parking.
Q - What would you get if you removed all slot machines in this place? A: A retirement home with a horse track. Pro's- Tons of parking, shuttle bus that brings you to the front,  somewhat clean interior / smoke free indoors. Cons - Alcohol runs 9 dollars for a small size ( think the cups you get on an airplane) and 14 dollars for a large which is a big improvement but filled with 70 percent ice. Didn't get a chance to try the food there so no review on that. It's definitely  not a social scene at this place and you'll probably only want to go here if you're close and just to do your business. Get in and get out. 2 1/2 stars.
Hotel? Nope. Table games? Nope. Smoking? Nope. This casino is definitely lacking in some very basic areas, but it is one of two near New York City, and is 18+ rather than 21+. Empire City also has horse racing which is nice, but not my cup of tea. Compared to other casinos I feel their player club card is below par. The physical place is okay, but not extravagant. When I go to a casino I expect to be wow'd by something but this casino failed to do that.
It's fun
Ever since Atlantic City, my gambling itch hasn't resurfaced until recently. Couldn't decide between Racino or Empire, but finally opted for this location so we can visit my beb's family afterwards since it's so close. This serves as both a race track and a casino. The place itself was bigger and cleaner than I expected. Once I saw the slots, it got my blood pumpin. The roulette and craps machines were very new and attractive. Easy to maneuver and bright touch screens. Luckily, it wasn't crowded at all. I was able to secure a machine very easily. My beb had so much self control and just watched me play the whole time.  Although I lost a lot, mister slot guru helped me cut my losses in half. "Let's try next wheel of future machine" he said, bam! His golden touch got us $170. Overall, it was fun and had a good time despite the net loss. If you ever go, avoid the drinks at the bar. $14 for a "large" drink was SO not worth it. Minus many stars for that. Maybe we'll be back to bet on the horse races next time.
For the record, this place doesn't even deserve the title of a casino. Kicking and dragging myself to come here every single time, I don't think I've ever actually won any money. Every single friggin' time I have to walk up to the bar because there are hardly any servers on the floor. Not only do I have to rip myself from my slot machine, potentially robbing myself of millions, but I have to dish out $5.50 for a Miller Lite. To top it off, their rewards program isn't the best and there are no benefits to be had in the near future. At least any that I see anyway. Why do I come here you may ask? Empire is more convenient in case I have a little itch. It's roughly an hour outside of NYC. A very accessible way for me to contribute to the Yonkers economy. Oh, and the food court has very delicious mozzie sticks. One extra star worthy!
The slots they have are nice but it's a poor substitute for Atlantic city. I couldn't find my favorite slot machine: the Alice in wonderland themed one. Te restaurants are ok. On yelp of you check in with you get a free growler which is an empty 64oz jug that they will fill with beer for $22. But when you walk around the casino with it security will stop you and ask what it is and why you're carting it so if you are a yelp user bring a hand bag to hide your merchandise in (as cops are not smart). Also this is the first casino I had an Asian immigrant ask me for money while playing one of the machines. That's so far less than classy it's shameful. Also the website says there is a "free shuttle" to take you to the metro north station and back. But there are no signs at the metro north station and the bus that picks you up is an unmarked black van with a Chinese driver. That is the text book definition of shady. Also it's $1 unless you have some sort of coupon book. I walked to the casino from he station hitch was not about 25 minutes but took the shuttle back. The service outside I the restaurant is very hostile and unwelcoming. And it's probably no surprise that the majority (if not the entirety) of its patrons are senior citizens. Will I ever go back? Highly doubtful.
this place is shabby all the way around.rthey are robbing poor people with low slots payouts ,roullette machines register wrong bets constantly and you can tell ,the management is not on top of things.Food court is half you know what.
Wow, what a ghetto casino!  Gathered here with a group of girlfriends on a Saturday night.  Totally unimpressed.  Even the slot machines were weird to me.  Not sure what I was expecting, but I'm used to CT casinos and Atlantic City and this was nothing like either.  I'm told they've been working on expanding and it's better than it used to be.  We honestly didn't walk around very much or stay very long so maybe we missed the good spots.  I certainly won't be suggesting this place the next time we get together!
The bar was nice but I was a little disappointed that the free growler deal, apparently just meant the glass.
Great place to get your "game on"- slot machines galore. There are no tables, games are all electronic. In my opinion the rewards take too long to earn and bonus dollars are pretty slim compared to other casino's. Drinks are also not free lol which sucks. I've never won- I hear some do. Something to do on a night you feel lucky.
Empire city, hmm where do I start ? Well empire city is your typical racino, I don't consider these type of places real casinos, simply because you don't get the full casino feel since there are no real table games ( the only table games they have are electronic due to New York State law). I've been to Empire city many many times in the past 4 years. It's fun if you're very bored and like slots or betting on horses, but keep in mind their slots are very very tight so be prepared to lose what you come with. Sometimes if you're lucky you might win a little bit, but it's rare in these types of places. The great thing about Empire City is that they give you good incentives to go there including discounts for their food court, a bridge bonus (15$ free play if you have to take a toll bridge to get there) and monthly free play, which makes it more worth it to go to instead of resorts world casino which is way closer to my house than Empire city Also they are now undergoing a lot of renovations which to me seems like they might be trying to build a hotel, but don't take my word for it I'm just assuming they might be LOL. If you don't feel like driving 3 hours from NYC to Atlantic City to get your gamble on, you can always drive to Empire City and somewhat get your fix although I've realised sometimes the 3 hour drive is more worth it, for the full casino experience.
I don't really know much about casinos because I don't gamble. I would assume this isn't a top notch place but it's definitely better than OTB LOL It's clean, there's plenty of machines and it isn't too hard to find a staff member if you need assistance with something
Has anyone ever walked out of this casino with some winnings? Been here several times and the machines just suck up your money. I've never even seen anyone that I was with walk out with winnings. At least AC, the CT casinos, Vegas, and the various Hard Rock Casinos let you win sometimes. I think it's a NY State scam. The layout is awful. The decor is shabby. The crowd is sketchy. The parking lot is too far away. And shuttle buses suck. Actually, I just found out that the machines at Empire City are not your standard slot machines or video poker machines, but are actually Video Lottery Terminals so their payoff % is nowhere near what an actual casino would be. All are hooked up to a central computer in Albany and VLT operators program in advance how many payouts are allowed. VLTs can be thought of as computerized scratch-off lottery tickets. Therefore, I will not be going back. Stay away if you want to play some real slots or video poker.
This is the prime gambling spot for lazy degenerates in Westchester. If you don't feel like driving hours to Foxwoods or AC, and you have an urge to lose some money, you'll inevitably wind up here at Empire City. The place is decent enough; there's plenty of parking, it's clean, and they have some interesting giveaways from time to time. On the down side though, the games are all electronic, which isn't really as fun as the real thing, and the food options are horrible. All in all, it's a bit lackluster but it serves its purpose. I'm sure I'll head back there one of these days.
Ok so I been coming here lately and it has definitely warmed up to me..unfortunately the highest rating I can still give is 3 stars...still clean...bartenders still nice and consistent ...you get a free beer with a check in on yelp which is kinda awesome ..last night they were having a $5 draft beer special all night which is  cool...this place would be 4 or maybe even 5 stars if they fixed Up a few things...they should really  have more service women going around taking drink orders.i maybe saw one downstairs near the bar at the slot machines throughout the whole night ..I pressed the service button a bunch of times and nobody showed up .. And the bar is downstairs , a little too far of a walk..also some of the machines didn't work on the roulette table which I found to be annoying ...took me awhile to find one that worked..but overall nice place for a local casino
I just have to state that I love Atlantic City and Vegas. That said, I don't know why I go to this place every one in a while. Maybe because its close. Over 5,000 slot machines here, and no table games. Almost impossible to really win here, as slots are actually set up as state video lottery terminals, which means payouts are hard to come by. Plus, if you do get lucky enough to win anything over $600 you have to claim on taxes and fill out the form right there! In AC it is $1200. Very tight machines in Empire City so plan on losing when you do go. The place is bright, easy to get to by subway/roads, and has bands on Thurs/Fri/Sat nights. Buffet sucks, and is overpriced, Overall food is just so-so in food court. Mostly an older crowd as there is no hotel or night club attached. Sometimes kind of a sketchy crowd too. Also, they do not serve any free alcohol when gambling -  a big bummer as you have to pay for it! I like to have a buzz when pumping cash into a slot machine!
I dont know why people are giving such low raiting for this casino. They have more than 1,000 video slot machines. The bathrooms are sparkly clean with attendants. also contains a nice cafeteria section. You can use the points in your rewards card to buy food. There is also valet parking for $10 and a general admisson parking for free.  if you park far you can take their free shuttle to the front. I love one of the slot machines, I can marry it. It is called Green Slot Machine. one time I was playing $15 per play, had I added $5 I could've won $5,000.  and another time I won $1000 winning and losing...I go to machine to machine... $500 $500. That was a good night, next day I bought myself a Dolce & Gabanna frame for eyeglasses.
This definitely does not have the sophistication of Harrah's or the glamour of Caesar's but hey it's does beat in location so it will have to do for now. Came here to celebrate my best friend mother's birthday and the celebration was probably what made this memorable... First stop was the food, definitely overpriced garbage ewwwwww No table games (which I love) so I was definitely disappointed, but I guess I dropped less money in these slot machines since after 5 tries I give up Had an ok band playing... after a few drinks they sounded phenomenal! hehehe we danced to old classics and made our own little party. Drinks were tasty especially as it washed down the taste from the disgusting food Overall not a place where you are going to make your millions but possibly have fun if you make it interesting
Alot of old machines and not much variety Strictly slots and horses. Overpriced drinks and terrible food. Sign up for the loyalty card for free food and money vouchers.
I actually sort of like this place. It's not the most beautiful of establishments overall, and the lay-out leaves more than a little to be desired, and the parking lot is unnecessarily too far and inconveniently located, but I've been here a couple of times now and thoroughly enjoyed myself each instance. Two to three hours is my limit, though. Recently I've been craving pastrami, and holy cow, yesterday after sweet talking the hysterical and sweet server at the "Deli" section of the rather large food court, my craving was most definitely completely satisfied -- my King sandwich was HUGE. The meat wasn't the quality of Carnegie or Katz's, but don't forget, this is a casino, and for very reasonably priced cafeteria style eats, this was surprisingly delicious. My friend won about $250 on four penny machines in about 30 minutes, and then lost $100 on a single penny machine in about 2 minutes... Damn max bet!... I don't gamble, however -- but I did use the complementary voucher given to me when I joined the casino's membership program, and I lost that rather quickly, but I'm not going to hold uncontrollable and unpredictable "luck" (or lack thereof) against them. That'd be unfair. There are waitresses who walk around selling drinks ("Gin and Soda, please. No not cola, soda, seltzer water, soda water. Please.") for only $2.50 -- no they're not very strong drinks, but at this price you can have a quite a few of them and get good and liquored up without even getting close to breaking the bank... Last summer I got a huge hot dog and stared down upon the race-track and got tipsy while watching the horse-cart races (or whatever it's called) -- and that's what I'd recommend this place for most if you can get a ride.
There's nothing great about this place other than it being closer to the city than Mohegan or Foxwoods. The food court is sloppy and carries no variation. Definitely outdated in terms of the machines. There is a HUGE parking lot. Park anywhere you want and a shuttle bus picks you up and drops you back off once you get out of the casino. I guess it is convenient that way. Also, you are allowed to play the slot machines if you are at least 18 years old. Would I be intrigued to come back here in the future? A definite NO.
I was sort of impressed and not impressed at the same time in my two visits here so far.  I like it better than the new casino in Queens already but is no way the same compared to Atlantic City or Vegas.  I think it is great that it is so convenient to get to.  I have some friends in the bronx that stay going there all the time and seem to always come out with more money than when they came in.  Certain slot machines, I guess truely just get hot for that one person.   I was happy enough with the experience to visit again but the second Time I did not win anything at all. My father had no luck as well  but a friend of his just started to win alot of money that night. It was a saturday night and overall I enjoyed the buffet as well.  Great selection of food for a decent price.  Decent enough for me that night, but I would not recommend eating there.The prime rib was really good also.   -No free alcohol, that sucks.  I mean that is one of the main reasons alot of people even go to Atlantic City casinos.  Especially if they are not that big on gambling themselves.  Come to think of it, I liked this area years ago better when I would come to Yonkers Raceway for the Westchester COunty Fair. Now, that was always a good time. -There are supposedly 5,300 slot machines here. That seems like a good variety. You would think you had more of a chance to win something. -It is still possible to win, I have come here and gambled with a $20 and walked out with over $80, played one same machine the entire time.
What a pleasant surprise!!! I grew up in Yonkers and lived here most of my life and to my amazement when I moved they opened up a casino at the raceway..... Yes I couldnt believe it myself...though it was slots only and i'm a table type of gal this place is so fun!!! The assortment of games is more than anyone can play in 1 day. I have only been here a few times but each time I had gone it was a great experience. Sign up for the members card and you get free plays and they even send you food coupons. My lil sis won $1000 off of the green machine so there is definitely a pay out here. Like they say bet with your head and not over it! It's clean, parking is plentiful, food is good, there is a shuttle to pick u up just in case you're far, the bathrooms are nice and it's never too crowded. So all in all A +++ .....see you there one day :)
I'll start off by stating I have been to Atlantic City many times and that fact alone highly affects the stars for Empire City. I was coming home from CT fishing trip with a buddy and we decided to kill an hour at Yonkers Raceway / Empire City.  Yep, we literally killed an hour.  It's dead, we'll never get it back.  I kept winning/losing on the machines so for a while I was kind of breaking even, but only after being $15.00 down.  That's not alot, I know, but it got boring real quick.  For me, it's lose all my money quick or hit a jackpot! We went outside to the track to see there wasn't any races going on during the Sunday before Memorial Day.  Ah, oh well, there's OTB.  If there's one thing I know it's that I know nothing about betting on horses.  I threw $15.00 on some horses at Monmouth and I lost.  The whole day was pretty uneventful. PLUS:  FREE GENERAL PARKING! CON:  I didn't see any card, craps, or roulette tables, therefore I do not believe there are any.  Kevin Costner was not there saying, "Gaming tables are not a myth; I have seen them!" For me Yonkers / Empire City is about an hour 15 or so away.  Atlantic City is about an hour and 30 away.  Therefore, I'll take the extra 15 minutes to go to AC.  Furthermore, if I lose all my money at the latter, at least there's an ocean to drown myself.
A variety of machines, including video roulette.  Bathrooms are clean with attendants, nice restaurants, also a cafeteria section, and once you walk in the hot dog cart smell is sooo good.   Two levels of gaming.  There is also valet parking and general admisson parking for free.  Also if you park far you can take their free shuttle to the front. Sign up for a members card and you can win free stuff including free play vouchers and lottery scratch offs. I played 20 bucks and had 7 bucks left, saw this machine called Green Machine put in my last $7.  Clicked the $1 button, won $2, then clicked the $2 button and WON $1000. No lie. I have photos to prove it.  hah P.S. you can read my sisters review below me and she'll confirm I won a G too. :)
This place only gets a second star because my mommy was happy I took her out to do her favorite thing, hit the slots.   I'm not a gambler so even AC and Vegas get a so-so from me when it comes to the slots and tables.   What I do like when I go to AC or Vegas?  The free alcohol.  The variety of shops, eateries, entertainment, nightlife,spas etc.  This place has none of the above. Its too spread out, the bars are few and far between and the signage is confusing.   They did however, have a free live Salsa band which was a nice surprise.  The dance floor however is carpeted so its almost impossible to dance on. How disappointing.  I guess they just want you to hang around and drink and lose your money on the slots.
This Casino uses the old bait and switch method to entice you to stay.  It will pay you on small bets then eventually exhaust your entire bank account.  Since January 2nd 2014 I've lost over $2000 dollars.  Just this evening I've watch a player place chips on 35 out of 36 numbers on the electronic roulette wheel for a total bet of $225.  When the wheel stopped the winning number was the 36th number which he didn't play!!   So on his next bet he put chips on all 36 number with his lowest bet $2 and highest $15.  When the wheel stopped it landed on the $2 bet and paid him $72.   Over the course of 3 spins he lost over $500.  I'm never going back to Empire City since it's clear that the computerized Roulette game is program to take your money!!  I'll drive or take the 3 hour ride to AC where real dealers work the tables and spin the roulette wheel.  Beware of Empire Casino
This place is fun if you're just going for a quick visit.  This should only be one of many stops on your night out.  It's fun as long as you keep it brief. They have a shuttle going I think atleast every 15-20 minutes if you use general parking.  Who needs valet?  Slot machines, slot machines, and more slot machines.  The horse races are interesting for a while but I'm a bit skeptical about those bets.  I like to get a drink and then stroll outside in the nice fresh air while I watch the horses.  Haven't tried the restaurants yet but the cafeteria is decent if you want something quick.  Not the best tasting food I've ever had but it's hard to mess up wings and fries.   Use this place as a meetup for drinks with friends to break the ice or something.  There's no need to spend more than two hours there as it's just slot machines.  That glazed over look in the eyes of hard core gamblers freaks me out.  Man!  People get into that stuff WAY too much!
This is one of the closest casino for a New Yorker... just like the world resort casino... this casino only have machines... The place looks old... Clean... but old... There's no indoor parking... only self outdoor parking & it can be pretty far from the casino... Well... there's a shuttle that takes you from the parking lot to the casino....
Don't slip on the Cheese on the way in.... Oh this place is Cheesy.....   But I do like that some times. Empire City Casino is a lot closer than Atlantic City, Vegas and the Connecticut Reservation Casinos but it is only Slots and the horses.  Its nestled inside of Yonkers raceway (See Lou's telling review: yelp.com/biz/VrpECwJQDOD… ) I think its worth going here if you get  wicked drunk early one afternoon and really want to play slots but don't have the energy to go somewhere else.  (just take metro north to Yonkers and get a cab don't drive drunk) They have a lot of slots.... Over 5,000 slot machines.  Allegedly the food is OK at the upscale restaurant.  I found the Food Court sub par.  But you can play the ponies here... just stay away from the hokey ass harness racing... I mean please!
Good way to pass some time. but I like Foxwoods or Mohegan a bit better. Watch the slots you choose as the minimum bets can be pretty steep. There is a lot of variety in slots, so walk around to find the one you like. The snack bar and food court have decent food. I thought it would be more expensive, but it wasn't. The drink prices are where they get you though. I may go back for a horse racing day and stick to a few of the low betting slots.
Pro: It is the closest casino to Bergen County. Cons: they charge $6 for Coors light draft at the bar.            A beer from the cocktail waitress is $2.50....not free like AC or The Sands in PA.  I rarely have won here and the food sucks. The only reason to come is that it is close, if I had extra time I would definitely head to Sands.
It seems like the payouts were few and far between here compared to other places we have been.  But, still, it was a fine trip out to Yonkers to sample their slots. Kept nicely and clean, there's a lot of machines here.  The minimum bet on them is high, though again compared to other places we've been. Steer clear of the buffet, it looks like a traveling circus meaning that it could be broken down and moved at the first sign of a health inspector. Lots of older folks protecting multiple machines.  No smoking, which is nice.  Ample parking with shuttles to the casino.
Where do I start? Slot machines! Too many to keep track of. But I have to admit a nice mix to keep you from getting bored. And they're always changing the one arm bandits to keep you coming back. I prefer the Roulette games. More my style. Parking is great because its free and plentiful.Or you can go the valet way for a few dollars more! Alcohol is available but expensive @ the two Empire bars & restaurants. Empires' cafeteria food is decent and differs in the handful of choices available. Security is good & bathrooms are always clean. A clear alternative to A/C,Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun. But then again, you be the judge. Good Luck!
I guess this is a good way to kill some time. I mean the casino is simply slot machines, but it is huge. They have so many different kinds of ways to give away your hard earned money via a machine with a lever and a coin slot. Outside of the casino is horse racing, but when I was there, no races were taking place. Looks like a good time though. This place also has dining, but I did not check it out when I was there. I was too busy taking up two slot machines with my big bucket of quarters and a long pall mall hanging from my lip. Hardcore gambler here!!!
I am not a gambler but this is the only place to go if you live in Lower westchester. Ive been here so many times. parking sucks on weekends, but they offer a free shuttle bus so i guess it doesn't matter, just remember where you parked.=) I like it,its just my expereinces with the crowd is a bit weird. They have live bands esp on weekends. I go back once in a while....
as a casino, for a quick night out its ok. no way comparable to ac or vegas i always have the feeling the people there are trying to grab your stuff when your not paying attention. the majority of people inside aren't gambling and just sitting there at the machine you want to play. if you go on a weekend i hope you like crowds. the best time ive ever been there when i actually won some $$ and had the entire place to my self was during a snow storm. vip parking and the entire place had about 10 people inside. the food place is actually pretty good, i thought it would suck considering the location but it might be better then the casino itself.
Not the classiest of places but my boyfriend and I ended up here on a whim wanting to get out and do something different. Why not gamble when you don't really have the $ to do so but need some fun. Lots of computerized slot machines. I had a liking for Roulette.  We stayed for 2 hours, had a few beers and made our money last. NOTE TO SELF: WALK AWAY WHEN YOUR UP. I'm still kicking myself.
They have slots,horse racing,electronic Roulette,electronic Baccarat and a few other electronic tables...no dealers here....which is fine with me because i'm not a card player...I don't see the point in driving all the way to Atlantic City to play slots and roulette......And you can smoke outside by the horse track.
It's nice to have a place close to the city but it should really try a little harder to make the experience a little better.  They also had fairly loose machines for a while but lately they have been very tight. Not fun to constantly lose. Additionally, they seem to have replaced free play promotions with crappy things like free mugs. But Empire does have ample parking and organized valet service. The bathrooms are clean. The dining offerings are either lunch tray cafeteria style-i'm not a fan of walking through a turnstile to eat - or very overpriced - yet very mediocre - food. The bar is very expensive. It's virtually impossible to get a cocktail waitress to come over to you while you are playing! If they do, only coffee is on the house! The one time I ordered a drink, she never came back. There is a smoking section. The games are (mostly) well maintained. It's also incredibly poorly lit and Considering the median age of gamers here appears to be about 65, it's no surprise that people are always colliding.
love this place , great food good drink lots of entertainment valet parking not so good we had a good time..
I live a mere ten minute drive away. Been to AC too many times to count and been to Vegas about ten times. This place is neither but it is what it is.  Convenient. I don't spend two hours driving, $$ for gas or tolls, I'm home in ten minutes.  Do I go expect to win a king's fortune? no, it is what it is, just a day of entertainment.  My mom and my aunt (seniors) love to play slots so I take them over early in the day, we have breakfast in a diner before we head over, play for about five hours, pick up our free lunch/dinner that we carry out (with our food coupon vouchers) and we are out before an evening crowd arrives. Maybe it is the time of day that we visit, early morning, but the restroom facilities have always been clean. I always do the valet parking, and use my little comps to cover it so the ladies don't have to walk from the lot.  I am not a drinker so the absence of free alcohol does not bother me; even in AC I only take the soft drinks. This is NOT Vegas nor AC so there is no comparison. The variety of slots seem to be limited, like they just have the same machines covering the entire facility.  Hope this changes when the new section opens, as AC has more interesting slots.  I did make an inquiry to personnel at Empire to ask why they did not have some of my favorite slots, like Monopoly, or VillagePeople Party Jackpot, etc. and was told that it had to do with licensing, some casinos purchase license to have specific games.  Ok, didn't know that, my naivety, I thought you purchased the games you wanted for your establishment. If I want table games or an opportunity to do heavy gambling, then Empire is not the place to go that day.  If you are looking to hit a mega Jackpot, then yes, this is not the place for you
I came here again to bring a friend who hit some money via lottery and was getting his payout. I actually played some slot machines which is all I play and lost $40 and was pissed and immediately stopped. LOL The place was packed at 9AM on a Friday. I knew from past experiences not to buy anything because it was expensive. I would definitely come again and try my luck at those slots.
Empire city is awesome! Every time I go I come out with $$ in my pocket. Whether I'm playing the Wheel of Fortune $1 machines or the penny hot shot or quick hits machines. Their valet parking is always on point. Now they have the option of paying for valet with a credit card, I think that's pretty cool. They have added more slot machines and upstairs has improved greatly. Drinks are expensive but what the heck, one time my husband and I walked in and put 50 bucks in a 5 cent machine and won 1,000. We went and bought a drink then left. OverAll pretty good cAsino ,clean and Ll staff are friendly.
Empire Casino is not a real Casino but a pari-mutuel creation of the NY lottery. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pa… We went to Empire Casino for the first time on the way back from the Jersey shore. I had my poor hubby in a heat wave with no air conditioning because of my cold   so we needed a place with no air conditioning for me and air conditioning for him. So we headed to Empire. Gambling has no appeal to me and Empire was the least appealing "Casino" I have been to. But I did go to the Casino and walk around looking for cute or fun looking machines. They all looked old. It was extremely crowded but it may have been the heat wave that brought people in. It seems to be a huge cooling center since nobody won while we were there. But I did notice there were spots with little to no air conditioning. They are trying to fix it up though, The race track is a big draw. There is a real Bronx resident presence. There were no transplants or tourists here. How do I know they are from the Bronx? To quote Al Pacino- "I don't need body guards , I'm from the South Bronx." There is a deli store and I was able to purchase a Coconut water. They have sodas and more traditional offerings at the store. They also had chips and other snacks. I did not check out the food court but they have cheap food court  food that is very typical of any food court. They had entertainment postings such as ladies night with girly drinks on Tuesdays and seniors night, Blues and Jazz night , they have a summer concert series and there was a band there when we were there. A drunk guy holding  a beer wanted to dance with me. I really draw them. Every unstable person in the world seems to find me. I am a magnet for crazies. Anyway the band was fun. There is also a comedy night. There is potential for it to be nicer. They are building a new building and putting more money into it. With a profit of over $50 million per month, Empire City is clearly a successful money making venture for NYC. If you go there you must realize you are just paying into the fund Bloomberg uses to make more bike lanes. Do not expect to win this is run by NY lotto. This is from NY Lotto web site as to where money goes for the tickets. "Every cent of every dollar spent on a New York Lottery ticket is earmarked for a specific purpose. Here is breakdown for the current year. Prize money -- 51% Aid to Education -- 38% Retailer Commissions -- 6% Contractor Fees -- 2% Administrative costs -- 3%" Okay so it didn't mention bike lanes but the point is it doesn't go to you!
It seems that they have improved payouts..  I usually go there with a $1,000 "bankroll" and bet $1 machines with a maximum bet of $3-5.  I stopped going for a long time because I could lose the $1,000 within an hour.  Throughout 2012, I can now stay for many hours if I choose to and leave at least few hundred up most of the time and have had some large payouts.   If you want to go for some entertainment and bet minimum amounts, you probably will have fun.  If you go to try to win, you should always bet the maximum amount.  Penny machines are deceptive.  Maximum amount is usually $2.50, $3.00 or $4.50.  You can go through a lot of money quickly betting the max on penny machines with a payout ratio that is less than other machines.  For example, you can bet $1 machines with a $3 maximum that have more, and larger payouts, than the same maximum bet on penny machines.  There aren't many, but you can also find $0.25 machines with a max bet of $0.75 or $1.25 that, again, payout better than the penny machines. The crowd is mostly blue collar or retired and generally very nice and pleasant.  Recently I used an automatic redemption machine to cash out a voucher of over $800.  My mind was wandering and I ended up walking away without taking the money and the gentleman in line behind me made sure he got my attention instead of grabbing the money for himself.  I would say that about 10% of the crowd will leave you shaking your head and wondering just what is going on with them.   The employees are almost all very nice and helpful - everyone from security, promotion, redemtion and floor attendants, with the very occasional sour one. Avoid everything in the food court except for the deli where you can get turkey, roast beef, corned beef etc.  Everything else is greasy, greasy, greasy.  A lot of the retired folks come in with a free food court voucher and put what they order in a tin container to take home.  They can clog up the lines, but God bless em.
In short... Don't go anywhere near this place! This is the lowest of low, biggest scam in the history of gaming. The place is dirty.  The machines don't work. The machines are old. The machines don't pay out.  The people are rude.  Security is how well you can take care of yourself. You have to watch your money, your wallet, your watch.  The lowest of low are there.  Real hard core criminals roaming around and large packs of kids looking for trouble. I went once to see what it was like and and if you have any common sense don't go NEAR this "HELL HOLE". Empire City at Yonkers Raceway is a joke and DANGEROUS.  New York has no idea how to run a casino it's as corrupt as the idiots in Albany who are getting kickbacks by sucking in poor people who don't know better into this disgusting run down filth hole.
Welcome to Empire City Racino! New York State's way of trying to keep the poor poor. This is penny slot machine heaven. If you do not like penny slot machines, this is not the place for you. The quarter slot machine selection is very small but there are several dollar plus slot machines available. There is a free shuttle to take you to and from the parking lot but the service really sucks. The shuttle was full and the driver was not driving. A passenger yelled at him to get moving and he yelled back "I've been driving all day I need a break." He would not drive for 5 minutes as everyone just sat there. I did not dare to try the video table machines. An article in the Daily News a long time ago when Empire first introduced these theorized that there is nothing to guarantee that the computer will not intentionally make you lose. The author wrote that in a traditional table the cards are already shuffled or the roulette wheel/craps dice have to be played by a person not a computer programmed to win. The cafeteria food is overpriced and subpar and the air conditioning in there is on full blast because the food gets cold very quickly. The checkout lines are manned by the laziest and slowest people I have ever seen. Yes, fast food employees are more efficient than these cafeteria checkout workers. I know management can see these reviews so now I am curious if they will improve the checkout efficiency after reading that they are worse than the fast food industry which is legendary for their crappy employees and service. What is with all the deceiving ads? All the television and print ads show people dressed very nicely. The models are all in nice evening wear. We joked that some poor person might believe you have to dress like that and arrive to see that they are way overdressed and run home humiliated (I hope that never had and never will happen). If you really want to bet, a traditional casino is the better way to go.
No table games. Bummer. Love slot machines? Welcome to your heaven. Two floors of blinding, blinking machines. I haven't won anything here yet (just broken even all the time)- but I know a few people who have. TIP: Go with someone who knows the ropes! I'm lucky to have been taught some tricks by someone who's won often. Since I love Yelp so much, I'll share some of them :) 1) If you're not Daddy Warbucks, play the penny machines. You get more game play. Playing the quarter and dollar machines is like handing over your wallet. 2) Play at least half the max bet to get a nice payout. And double check a machine before you play. It may say 1 cent, but the minimum bet may be 10 cents. (confusing? tell me about it) You may run out of credits before you realize. 3) All slot machines work not on paying out depending on each time someone plays, but rather the millisecond of when someone plays. Example: You play a machine and it pwns you. You move to the one over. Someone sits down at your old machine and hits the jackpot. You instantly think this could have been you. Not so! You would have had to have played at the exact millisecond that person did. So don't beat yourself up. 4) Bottom line? Have fun! Expect to come here and lose money. Set a maximum for yourself to play and make the most of it. That way if you win- it'll really feel like a million bucks. There's also horse betting so that's pretty fun too. I'd actually rather do that than slots. The food? I'm sorry to say, but its consistently lousy. Prepare yourself for that too. My hot chocolate tasted like coffee, my muffin was probably baked sans any sugar and the pasta left a lot to be desired. Try to go on a full stomach. I've been to casinos in Atlantic City and on cruise ships and I can't say that Empire is better. BUT- its in NYC's backyard and its a fun place to go for a night out. It definitley has a comfortable vibe. But I have to agree with one previous reviewer- 2 to 3 hours is my limit.
What a better way to spend 4th of July than to hit up Empire City with your family? Well, it turns out, that there must be a better way because I had a horrible time at the slot machine casino! Not at the fault of the Empire City itself... It just seems that I am quite unlucky. (Those who aren't lucky in cards are lucky in life, right?) I played on the 1 cent machines, and lost $60 in an hour and a half, and then spent the next hour and a half trying to get my mother and my husband out of there! (My mom says you can never lose on the Lobster Mania, but I did.) I don't really think I like gambling very much at all.
I would definitely recommend this place instead of driving all the way to AC only because I am not an avid gambler. I did like being able to watch the ponies while eating and drinking.  I was actually surprised that the food was OK. Service was average and the atmosphere, well, screaming children were seated at the next table, if that gives you any insight.   After dinner, we walked over to the bar and got more entertainment from the individuals seated around the bar than the horses that were running.  All in all, it makes for an interesting evening.
It's gambling what can you say. If your winning it's the best place on earth, if your loosing then it is the worst. If your there for the fun there is plenty. The regular food is horrible I have not tried the restaurants though.
It's a shame the house always wins. But hey, that's how the business booms, right? Make sure Lady Luck is always on your side.
We live on the opposite side of Westchester, but whenever I pass by the Yonkers casino, I always say that I should stop in. My opinion was cemented when I went to a racetrack casino while working in Ft Lauderdale, (yelp.com/biz/isle-casino…), we went twice with my office, and the opinion of the buffet there was quite favorable. Plus, when signing up for their players card, you were given a free lunch at the buffet and a voucher for playing. Just like that! I was expecting a similar experience at Yonkers, but was a bit disappointed. First, we got nothing for signing up. The place, as noted, is TREMENDOUS, which is nice because it never seems crowded (we went at 10 PM on a Monday night. Very quiet), but not laid out well, with a small cafeteria style restaurant in one corner, and a snack bar in another. There were two small bars around the casino, but neither had a bit of a lounge to nurse a drink. We had to go upstairs for the restaurants, but it was really a steakhouse, that looked way too large (there were exactly two tables taken, out of what looked like fifty or so). I was really surprised to see that, after coming from Atlantic City's larger casinos, where the restaurants were perennially half full, the management didn't comp enough gamblers to fill the place up a bit more. Also, I was surprised to see that there wasn't a hot club or young and trendy bar somewhere, a destination for people who aren't planning on gambling. More than anything else, the casino, while new and very pretty, looks like it was built on cheapness. It seems that when the thin carpet becomes a bit more threadbare, and the leather seats become a bit more cracked, will quickly revert to an awful eyesore (and a really large one!) in poor Yonkers.
While Empire City is closer than Atlantic City, it might be worth the drive down the Jersey shore. The casino is a decent size, but kind of grungy. Nothing spectacular. The parking lot isn't well lit, but does provide shuttle service from different ends of the lot to the casino. I'm not much of a gambler and even I would've liked to have gone to another casino.
I've been to a lot of casinos and any casino without table games is a poor excuse of a casino
