Always a spectacle to drive by it everyday. Nigh time during the holidays are the best.
This is one of those places when you drive or walk by with no prior knowledge of its existence and say Holy ___-----(Insert word of choice here)!!!!!!!! Especially if its at night. The house is like looking at one of those Christmas windows from a Manhattan store during the holidays In Full HD all year around. The elaborate costumes and details to all the character's here is amazing. I recommend passing by here during the winter Holidays during the evening so you too can bask in all its glory, LOL... I wonder if they can see this place from space?.....
A Bronx classic. I have been coming here since I was a child.  It is always crowded at night, with people taking photos.  There is always music playing.  Mariah Carey filmed part of a music video here.  It's THE place to visit during the holidays.  The family has always been gracious to the community and the community always looks forward to their statues every single year.  It's amazing how much time and energy goes into making this house a winter wonderland.  It's absolutely gorgeous and a stunning sight to see if you're in the area.
I'm sorry, but I don't get it.  I know this is a labor of love and I appreciate what the family is doing, but it's too strange -- Michael Jackson, Cher, a Hollywood party with Jesus and family watching from the roof, and then there's Donald Duck, the Chipmunks, a truly beautiful Cinderella display and an odd looking Superman rescuing Lois. . . huh?  In the middle of that, one of the Fatima children is praying to the Virgin Mary perched above with some more religious figures.  Going back to the car, passing Ophrah (or is that Diana Ross?) and the other guests with low decolletage dancing the night away. . . I just wondered, is it just me?  It certainly does make you smile and forget the real world.  Maybe that's the point. . . ? Ho ho ho
NY insanity at it's best! Crazy, funny , Superman and Lois Lane, Micheal Jackson and Enrique Iglesias music playing. To the guy who gave it one star, you're a Grinch. My husband video taped this himself! youtube.com/watch?v=LurO…
It's Monday morning and I'm in a crowded elevator. I feel pressure in my small intestine as the car travels north to the 100th floor. However, every floor button is pressed (choke that kid) and sweat is dripping down my face... My cheeks are clenched. I'm trembling... I found myself troubled looking for inspiration to write something... useful, funny or cool. "Where is the Holy Grail, Doc-tah Jones?" Last weekend I decided to take my wife to see something we had never seen before at night... No puns intended. Behold, "The Garabedian House" also known as the "Bronx Christmas House." ??? We tried to drive towards the corner of Pelham Parkway North and Westervelt Avenue, but the traffic pattern was bad... backed up for at least 4 blocks. I decided to park and do some walking. I remember passing by this house everyday since the 6th grade. It's been around for a long time (I believe 30+ years) and I was excited to see it first hand. There's a big crowd surrounding the house. There's music playing and a pulchritude that can not be explained with words. The family's front lawn features Disney characters, religious figures and red carpet Hollywood stars. I saw Cinderella, Beauty and the Beast, Diana Ross and the Nativity scene. These mannequins/life-size characters are pimped out in exquisite fabrics; many of them are moving... need I say that everything is made from fiberglass? I don't know how much their electricity bill is and I don't want to know. We spent fifteen minutes absorbing Holiday cheer. The house's sempiternal flow was soothing to witness firsthand (see pictures). Everyone present is enjoying the sights, taking photos and some are throwing money over the fence. I think of "Christmas With the Kranks" on acid when I see this house. It's louder than Liberace, and more flamboyant than the artist formerly known as Prince. Hands down, this house destroys the competition. No home in the five boroughs or NY State offers a bigger holiday show. Why does the Garabedian clan invest time and money into this house? I haven't the slightest clue, Sherlock. IT'S FREE! (Unless you can calculate opportunity cost and the metrocard swipes.) If you're in the holiday spirit, travel to the Bronx and check this out. Come see me and ask for my autograph. I will be disheveled and spotted in the corner groveling for change. Ok, I know I am trying to appeal to an emotional rather than utilitarian need, but live a little! Leave your comfort zone and sheltered life! Explore! Seriously, if you do visit, plan on dining in City Island or Arthur Avenue to top it off. I was kidding about my autograph. *DING* 100. Finally. It's my stop. I hold my head up high and relieve myself with an accidental "squeak" as I exit the elevator car. I stumble towards the restroom. Crap, the secret and funk is out. There... who needs pride anyway? Happy Holidays, Yelp. IFHTP 3+
Tacky. Gaudy. Obnoxious. But a real Bronx classic. If you ever want to celebrate diversity, come visit the Garabedian House, known commonly as "the crazy house on Pelham Parkway". You will see people of all races, ages, shapes, and sizes crowded up to witness the sheer spectacle. It's kind of creepy, like Madame Tussaud's, but with robotic figurines. You'll spot a few Michael Jacksons, Minnie and Mickeys, and God knows what else... there's also a Santa that appears like he's about to jump off a roof and a couple of sexy angels. You really do have to come by. It's in the middle of nowhere, take any train to Pelham Parkway or Fordham Road and then take the Bx12 bus, or drive. I'm almost unsure of how to tell you how to get there: it's a Bronx thing.
Over the top, hick-ish and kind of creepy but all in all, its festive and people love it. BTW, Mariah filmed one of her Christmas videos in front of the house years back.
Unlike Brooklyn's Dyker Heights and Mill Basin neighborhoods, the Bronx's most spectacular, over-the-top Christmas display seems to be only one house. Like a mirage out there on Pelham Parkway the Garabedian house sits, alone in its magnificence. It's gorgeous! ...It's fabulous! ...It's ungapatchka! It's got... ...Celebrities! Just an approximation, nothing like Tussaud's. ...Fashion! Nostalgic 70's chic with Chanel & Dior logos. ...Coiffure! The crowning glory of each mannequin, especially the Fabio manes on the guys. ...Jewelry! Rhinestone-studded glitz. ...Chandeliers! Sparkling and real-looking. ...Superman and Lois Lane! Yay! IMO if the Garabedian house is aiming for "elegant" they missed their mark. What they've achieved is overkill. Dazing and amazing.
I'm writing this review way after the holidays, but this house could do with another thumbs up. Wow. Try not saying that as you step up to this glittering house. Yeah its weird. Creepy. Beautiful. Fun. It's all those things, but most importantly, its about community. I've been visiting this house since I was a kid and it was always my little place of fame in the Bronx. And probably for thousands of other kids since everyone goes here during the holidays! Logistics- It's a house with a ton a moving and non moving mannequins dressed to the nines with music, other popular characters, and Santa with his sleigh strewn about. Legend- This house has so much history. I always remembered as a kid that Mariah Carey filmed a bit of her "All I Want For Christmas Is You" video here. But really- who has the time to do all this? The Garabedian Family of course! Its a family gig and story has it they started this hobby way back when as a tribute after they witnessed a miracle on one special xmas eve in 1973. An old priest friend of theirs taught them how to work with fiber glass and motors and the sea of mannequins was born. The money that is thrown over the fences is carted away to their local Catholic Church. One year, the electricity they used caused a black out! So Con Ed works with them now to prevent any future blackouts. I can't imagine what their electric bill looks like! If you're looking for something new to do this holiday season, check out this house. I promise it's nothing like anything you've ever seen before- and I've been to Disney World! Tip- Best time to go is at night after the sun sets, the lights look prettier then!
A horrible, incredible, awful monstrosity! A true eyesore in the neighborhood. I can not believe their neighbors are able to tolerate all the gaudiness - and the loud "seasonal" music that comes with it. This is entertainment of the same caliber as - in the olden days - ogling a "bearded woman" and a "two-headed fetus" in Coney Island.
It's like Disney World if Disney World were located in Pelham Parkway for the winter...it's an AMAZING display of someone's confidence to say: "Screw the neighbors, I'm going ALL OUT this Xmas!" I strongly suggest going at night, midweek and then catching the amazing "Holiday Train Show" a short ride away at the New York Botanical Garden...a great time guaranteed!!! DEFINITELY bring little kids with you, they will stand back in disbelief!!!!
A great mix of Santa, Angels and wonderfully dressed life sized dolls, fun and crazy are the  only way to describe this larger than life Christmas display
I grew up in the Bronx and EVERY year my dad would take me to go see this place. It's become a tradition for us now, and the holidays just aren't the same without visiting the "Bronx Christmas House."
