Sues Rendezvous is still the best shake joint in the country. In the last year I have visited the highest profile strip clubs from coast to coast, from King Of Diamonds in Miami to Onyx in Atlanta. During these visits I was expecting to find a superior strip club experience and I must report I did not. Bottom line for me, Sues consistently maintains the best talent, this has not changed in the 10 years that I have been frequenting this fine establishment. The women are always in shape with curvy bodies and very attractive. What has changed recently is the look of this place, and that has changed for the better. Sues has remodedled and given itself a very modern and classy look. In my most recent visit to sues the place was packed, the music was on point and the talent was top notch. Even the bartenders were insanely gorgeous. Sues has a lot more competition than it used to, you now have the choice of visiting popular spots like Starlets and Perfection. Despite the newer local competition and my visits to the critically acclaimed spots down south I still say that sues has the crown and based on their consistency with quality of talent and their fresh remodel it seems like they intend on keeping that crown.
Came here when I turned 18. (A long time ago) and since then I don't think they changed much. Same girls that come in from all parts of the country for a weekend stint and a quick buck earned. Some girls are good, some have stretch marks all over. And some, well... Yeah... I remember getting a 6 girl lapdance for about a minute and paid 300 dollars. Probably the worst way to spend money in under a minute.
To:  Mayor Davis and Mt. Vernon City Council From: Raquel M. Bennett Date: May 6, 2014 RE: Sue's Rendezvous Van CC: The Journal News, The Mt. Vernon Daily Voice, The Mt. Vernon Inquirer ________________________________________ This is not the first time that I have written to the City without results about the Sue's Rendezvous van. The Sue's Rendezvous van, featuring scantily clad women to advertise the strip club, is regularly parked on East Third Street and in the surrounding neighborhood. None of our neighboring communities have strip clubs or other forms of adult entertainment advertised in front of homes, around impressionable children, and within blocks from a school. I love my home city of Mt. Vernon, NY but I'm disappointed that there are others, like the owner of Sue's Rendezvous--a local strip club, and the driver of the Sue's Rendezvous van that do not feel the same way I do about Mt. Vernon and its residents by insisting on parking the van on residential streets. More significantly, it is very telling that City administration has done nothing to keep this van off the residential streets of Mt. Vernon. Moreover, besides threatening the property values, it's another sign that City leaders similarly to the Don Sterlings and Jim Coughlan of the world think very little of the mostly black and brown girls that live in our neighborhoods. None of these girls are born with the desire to become a stripper and it is unconscionable that the owners of Sue's Rendezvous and the City of Mt. Vernon allow the van to park on the street in residential neighborhoods. I hope that this letter finally spurs some action from the Office of the Mayor and the Mt. Vernon City Council.
I went to Sue's for the first time last night. Great music, good dancers. ALWAYS bring cash, for all you credit card users. My only complaint was the rude bartender (Jackie). I can understand not being able to sit in the seats reserved for bottle service at the bar, but telling me to move away from the bar completely for someone who doesn't even have reservations and I wasn't even sitting? Girl bye. I could see if I wasn't throwing money and not drinking. But I did both. The other bartenders seemed friendly, with the exception of her. Overall, I had a decent experience, but I've been treated better at other strip clubs.
Sues is definitely one of the best strip clubs in the city ! Thick dancers, ass, curves.. Drinks are good . One of my favorite parts of the night is the shower action .. such a great view. The dancers dance, bartenders.. the party is live until its over. Ive been 2 or 3 times and it was crowded every time. One thing I didn't like was the small bathroom! There needs to be a separate area for dancers to get dressed and do whatever it is they do ! Its too much going on in there.
Have you ever been to a club and there's a good looking woman, maybe in her mid to late-twenties big breasted and a fat booty and she's wearing a little, teeny-ity-bity dress... nothing is hanging out but it looks like it's teetering on that line? Then she starts to dance and you're like "whoa! got some fries to go with that shake?" Well, when you see that type of woman then you should know that Sue's is missing a stripper. Oh, Sue... I hate to admit that I've never had a bad time there. I've bumped into family friends, rappers, high school teachers... It's quite a diverse crowd. Oh, Sue! You always have the latest hip-hop music, is it because Ed Lover is there every Tuesday? Or is it because Fat Joe used to frequent your spot? Oh, Sue, *blush* are your girls always so eager to give lap dances or is it because I'm so pretty? Oh! Sue! Before I forget, please ask your girls not to go to the same lounges I go to... I know it's a bit much to ask, but I hate to feel like we're in the same social network... what with your girls paying rent by showing off their goods and me paying rent... by... well... using my noggin. It just makes me feel weird, y'know? Please, don't take it the wrong way Sue. I will always cherish our time together. But, I just don't want to share my whole life with you.
**looks over shoulder to see if anyone notices I'm writing a review of a strip club** I had never heard of Sue's Rendezvous before last night.  All the talk I had heard about the best strip club in the area surrounded Sin City.  A friend mentioned Sue's and instantly began raving about the quality of the dancers and the show. I was excited to see what all the fuss was about.  It was about a 35 minute drive from Midtown (including the time we spent lost).  It was a Sunday and there was no cover.  In the center of the room is a bar with a rectangular stage at its center.  At the very front of the room is the main stage area, which is the full length of the room and includes a shower portion. The women are attractive.  They seem to have someone for everyone: petite, tall and athletic, curvacious, etc.  The skill level of the dancers varied, some were great at pole work, others good at... umm... body contortion, clapping, etc. The dancers are actually topless, which I believe is not typically the case in NYC.  There was a fair amount of touching and groping by the patrons. With that said, some of the dancers were boring.  The drinks weren't that strong and were definitely overpriced.  We arrived shortly after 9pm and left a little after 11pm.   When the more skilled dancers took the stage, the energy level grew and most everyone was having a good time.  I can imagine that the low-key Sunday night atmosphere differs significantly from a Saturday or Friday night. The strangest thing happened when we arrived.  My friend and I went to the ladies room... and well... apparently it doubles as the dancers' changing room.  It was EXTREMELY AWKWARD. They all stopped and stared at us and we immediately decided to come back a little later.  A separate ladies room would be nice, but I suppose women are only a fraction of their audience. No, I probably won't be frequenting any strip clubs, but if there's an occasion that calls for a little something out of the ordinary, I'll definitely head back to Sue's.
The booty clap, making it rain, Jadakiss' entourage... I was under the impression that these were all myths... ...that is, until I went to Sue's for the first time...my eyes were jolted open, man, way, way wide Going to Sue's (for me) was like being in a music video paradise and getting a taste of what it's like to be the star of the music video.  Gorgeous, friendly and flamboyantly thick vixens brought their titillating conversation, undeniable assssssets and, for lack of better terminology, the BOOM to the pleasure palace. We went for Thursday Celebrity Night, and the amazing Funkmaster Flex was spinning and getting the energy pumped way up!  We saw many rappers and their hangers on admiring the acts on each stage.  The shower act was pretty spectacular!  It's a great night out - bring your friends, get a bottle, trade in some honeybees for dollar, dollar bills ya'll, and get to makin' it rain all over the nubile performers.  I must say that it's much more fun paying for a dance in 20 $1 bills that with a boring ole $20 bill ;) PARTING THOUGHT: In many darkened dens of desire, going to the well-lit ladies' room can be a downright harrowing experience.  At Sue's it was like a party in there!  Girls were getting ready, shimmying into microscopic outfits and the energy was amazing.  Boys, you are totally missing out!
I loved Sue's! Everyone was friendly, not uppity like some Strip Clubs, the dancers were sexy and beautiful without being slutty. I sat in a table section near the door which was fun because there weren't many people in it. The section has 2 cages and a bar and the dancers aren't shy about giving you a dance. I had my tips so I got some nice attention from a dancer in a pink top and thong she was very sweet and even made the boys jealous when she kissed me on my cheek after my dance LOL. All in all Sue's was nice, the DJs were on point, drinks were affordable (Idk what other reviewers are talking about). My bday is October 30th and I will be back to celebrate at Sue's with my friends!
Yes I'm writing a review for a strip club.  Don't judge me First time going to a strip club, I was nervous but I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  My girl and I got there around 10 but the club we pretty empty.  Wasn't until 11 when the the top dancers made there appearance, and a appearance they did make.  Booty clapping, pole sliding, ass shakin.  Lord I was throwing singles out like crazy.  Definitely wanna go there again. Gotta mention my girl Dream, her body is ridiculous.  Fellas y'all need a private dance from her, you won't regret it
Well.. it's a strip club. So that means lots of boobies, over priced booze, and big juicy booties. Which is always nice. This one had a shower on stage, but I didn't stay long enough to catch that show. The booty clapping routine to Trina was entertaining enough for me..
This place is pretty decent.  The girls are good looking and have great bodies.  If you like Latin and black women with phat asses, this is the spot for you.  I've dropped quite a bit of coin here.  The dancers are receptive and really know how to work with what they have.  It's all around fun.  They have events every Tuesday with Ed Lover but I'm yet to go. Dislikes:  $20 lap dances to the lengths of a song and a half.  Girls completely dictate how long they want to dance with you so you aren't guaranteed a full dance.  If you're the type that needs to see it all you wont because the girls don't take off their underwear here.  Also, it's a gamble to get a decent bartender.  Most times they have really good moods but the last time I went, I had one with a bad attitude and didn't give me the time of day.
Best strip club in nyc/westchester Some nights are better than others such as "Baller" Tuesdays most likely some celebs will be there and people come in there to make it rain. Always a good variety of woman its not one of those places where there is only 2-3 girls dancing at a time. Drinks are expensive but thats a given. 20 dollar lap dances in the backroom for more privacy. Some girls are more liberal than others but there is so many beautiful girls in there. Shower shows every hour after midnight. Decent music selection which is often rnb and hiphop. Alot of spanish/black chicks but on occasion you will see a couple white chicks scattered throughout.
Best strip joint in the NYC/Westchester area.  Good looking women, good music (if your into Hip-Hop & R&B).  The place has a nice layout. Downside:  The lapdances can be expensive, and the clientele can be a bit rough at times.   Overall, as far as NYC strip clubs go, Sue's is hard to beat.
Took my girlfriend we had a blast Dancers were nice actually better with her We got lapdances Mona was our favorite Lesbian shower show awesome! Con Drinks were small and expensive buy that is expected
Ahhh yea.... I think I jizzed in my pants before getting passed security. I have been to Sue's numerous of times but my last visit has to be the best so far. It was a calm sunday night  with only the main stage open. Girls after girls after girls. OH MY! Beautiful women from every nationality. Fat asses, big boobs and pretty face equal "talent" as my boy Kae would say. (He is the first review for this place btw) The single show all the way to the shower show with two of the baddest women in the joint helping eachother get so fresh and clean was a beautiful thing. Both women and men will enjoy this place. I always have fun wasting my hard earned cash on some talent.
Last time I was here I didn't see as much of a variety of different ethnic chicks as i did before.  I came here with another Yelper and yes, there was a lot of booty clapping though.   Sue's is good I tell you, sometimes you gotta really "make it rain" here though. Drop dollas all over the floor, I know I spent maybe $80 more than I really planned to that night, not really included the two drinks or whatever you got to buy at the bar. -There was an unbelieveable hot South African chick here. She was light skin (black) like BEYONCE but way thicker so yeah she had some size on her.  She was cool though, you could talk to her on the real too, she was like a regular person, not talking some stupid shit. You will def see some booty clapping here, I agree. I was like wow, South African women, maybe need to look further at some of these women.  There were some great looking Dominican women there that night too.  It is awkward here though at Sue's Rendezvous, SOMEtimes you see someone from your past or someone you swear you know.  I think there was this really nice frame dominican chick that loooked way too familiar, my people there got a dance with her...but I know for a fact I either went to college with her, or we used to be in the same church group cell a few years before. IF THE latter, was the case, talk about a real career path that I didn't see, haha. I was like really is this the same girl from the church group, now she has my friends you know what in her mouth(with his clothes still on though, of course)...NO EXtra, hanky panky. I didn't get to talk to her to confirm where I knew her from.   She was pretty too and seemed kinda adventurous like into women more than she was the guys if you know what I mean. I DON'T know how I didn't get a dance with her.  I wanna see her again though and get UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL with that one.  I remember checking in here a long time ago and I don't even really use the Check-in feature with YELP at all, haha. I guess I just had to make a point and let people know: I was there at the strip club that night. -Go here this place is good, my other review I know if more detailed though, so just check that one.  There is a free buffet they have here too, I think it started around 10 PM, typical food like CHicken tenders, fries, i think corn on the cob, fried fish and some other stuff. i WAS THERE on a friday night and yes there was a cover. - I actually was supposed to go to the Sin City strip club that night but I KNEW would have a much better time at Sue's. I was right and cousin Business is A-boomin' ....
Came here last night with my girls to celebrate my cousin's birthday. Nice looking girls. Mostly Latina. Great bodies. Some butts were just mind blowing. I can see why the myth of getting ass shots in the bathroom started. The girls in the showers were nice too. One girl was able to make it clap with a beer bottle in between her cheeks w/o dropping it. She got most of our money needless to say. We all left like "Imma see if I can do that when i get home!" lol. It got 3 stars because I like Sin City's set up better. You have a designated lap dance area and it's not as big as I expected.
All I can say is wow!! What made this experience amazing was the fact that I went with an amazing group of friends. These women definitely work hard for their money. The dips , twists, and tricks that they do is amazing. The ladies are friendly especially to other women . The drinks are cheap and strong. The atmosphere is not that high class but it's a stripclub so what do you expect lol. I think that every straight woman should experience this place .
Wasn't really impressed by this place.  Girls are a bit snobby and watching them run back and forth to various sections of the club grew tiring. I'll do sin city anyday before coming back here.
Shake that boooooty! Ok Sues this is based on my first experience there back in the day, ill obvious write a better review when I go there again, but I was just a baby so I had to sit in the 18 and up or was it 19 and up section? Eh doesn't matter, honestly the dancers for the most part were pretty hot but one thing that happened to me ill never forget it. This ugly ugly chick was on the stage and at that point I should have gotten up and left, she was dancing in front of me she obviously wanted some dollars, I was like umm no chance, and she basically scolded me and grabbed the money. Listen up here if your fugly your not getting my money move on, next time ill just get up during the dance and make you look silly.
Omg had a blast here for my friends bday this past Saturday first experience to a woman's strip club and I definitely plan on coming back the women here are beautiful and know how to do some tricks you  can learn a lot from them lol
Wow the women here look slutty just like I like... No luv  beautiful well portioned bodies everywhere. Plenty of polls everywhere including my highlight a multi stripper stand up show shower... Seriously I think multistriper stand up shower should be the name brand of this contraption lol.price is usual as any other clubs but better than most i will be back real soon. My boys and I had a gr8 Sunday night. The place really gets to packed I here Saturdays.
