Upon entering, memories began flooding back.  I've been here before.  It wasn't on good terms either.  This cat I knew named Dwayne used to run this joint before it was taken over by a nearby gang known as the Trunchez Brothers.  Dwayne and I have been through a lot together, so I offered to take this place back for him.  I had to shake the place down and knock off the 3 managers on the floor before they could get the cops involved.  The first two were easy to find, one was in the office in Sin City bank counting cash and the other was walking the floor.  I followed the one walking the floor to the back hallway where there are classy chandeliers and 3 private dance rooms.  Lo and behold, the third manager was getting his pole shimmied by a Hispanic and Asian chick.  Since the back hallway was near the emergency exit, no need for stealth in taking out the last 2 managers.  I blew them away with my 12 gauge and hi tailed it out the back where my trusted pet helicopter is loyally waiting to take me back to...Algonquin?   Wait a minute, did this really happen? Why can't I discern if this was a dream or reality? Oh no, I lived through this in a video game. It must have been during a binge of some sort.  But, everything looks exactly the same here! The class, the understated elegance, the feeling, the smells, it's all permeating through my senses in a familiar way as if I've been here before and it was significant.  Could I have been that engrossed in the game that it became that real for me?  I don't remember the drinks being this expensive nor watery...in my memory, every stage was filled with a working girl doing her thing and now there's only 1 stage with a working girl and the rest are eerily empty.  Could have this been a dream? Why does it look so familiar?  Ding ding ding! GTA 4.  The environment, the feeling, the music, and the location is why visiting Sin City should be on every New Yorkers bucket list, especially if you're a fan of GTA.  I didn't know this was the place coming in but that game always made me want to visit a Bronx strip club and it turned out to be exactly the one they based it on.  Best time to go is before 9 PM to avoid the cover.  Drinks are expensive and watery.  No drinks on tap.
took my luv for his birthday ...thought it will be nice, being that they have a pretty good diner menu...never ever again...we ordered food, and 2 drinks...went to the bathroom when we come back the food & drinks where gone!!! some else was at our table...so i go to the waitress she gives me another table, she replaced my drinks, but she could NOT replace our food..smh...ok so we lost half of our food...no big deal...we kept on drinking, long island iced tee (2 drinks for $24.00) after like an hour maybee a little bIt more, the waitress comes, and tell us we have to leave the table because she has another customer that needs the table because they going to buy a bottle...wth! already feed up with the poor service...we decided to leave, not because of giving up the table, because we deserve better service...NEVER EVER AGAIN....
So this review is overdue. Disclaimer I've only been once.... it was amazing! Folks are right it gets really crowded your best bet is to get there early.  We went for my boo's bday and got there around 9:15. There was no line, we paid a $20 cover and were able to get seats.  Our waitress was beautiful and on it in terms of getting our drinks.  it was empty when we got there and when we left around 1am it was really packed. What was great: lots of women patrons, 1's available, great priced drinks,  and the dancers were friendly and great. We had one dancer dance for us most of the night, not only was she talented she was very sweet.  All in all, get there early, leave reasonably and you'll have a great time.  Be sure to take out enough cash the ATM is $10 fee.
got free pass at yankee game so stopped in after game at like midnight lots of girls not pushy at all i flagged them down try to hit up the skinny ones one of em was big and i didnt enjoy dance it actually hurt
security guard was a tranny. she was overly agressive. too many girls with fake chests and heavy makeup working  here. bar is in a secluded area in the bronx. do no go here. spend your money at a club in manhattan. i would never go there again.
Love the food and its always a fun time!!
I worked here for a year. F*** this place. Ignore it. Even came on my birthday, and the waitress (But of course) took advantage of my inebriation to get more tips. Waitresses are sleazeballs and WILL use tactics to make you tip them, without you knowing. Managers are even worse. The owner is the worse of them all. Save your money, unless you're one of those weirdos with a strip club fetish. Food is great, though. Shout-outs to the Kitchen! Those dudes always looked out for security.
Went to Sin City for my friends 22nd birthday. The dancers were great but the waitress... Terrible. The dancer were friendly and would come dance a little to see if u were interested. Its a girl there with one star on each butt check. Gotta get a dance from her. And she was so nice. Kept callin me "Baby" lol Now back to the waitress she wasnt nice. We got one bottle ($275 btw) and she got us the check. Smh like maybe cause we were young... Idk but we had money. Than they said my friend card wasnt going thru which wasnt true. ( they just wanted cash. Smh. Change your rules if u only want cash ) but it was 4:01 am. 1min after closing, and she kept sayin loud and clear "i have to go i have school in the morning" like we didnt have school and work ourself. She messed up my whole night. And mind u her $85 tip was included ! Btw chick had glasses and hello kitty shorts.... Take the tip and fix urself. Smh.
Leron's Lesson: The entertainers are fantastic and the club is live. A lot of hassle to get inside though. It's a strip club, not an airport. Full Review: Came to celebrate a friend's birthday and was immediately subjected to sleazy behavior by the guy I assume was the manager. He made it tough on guys to get inside for whatever reason and was very unreasonable. Once I got inside, I really enjoyed myself. There were sooo many dancers in the club. They were all very friendly and willing to interact with you, just make sure you have those singles ready. The coat check staff was great as well, they were extremely friendly and did a wonderful job of keeping the long lines moving and getting everyone their coats. Drinks were expensive, but still pretty strong. Also, just a heads up. On the way out, at the end of the night there was a NYPD DUI check point set up right outside the door. So please, drink responsibly.
I try to support Bronx businesses whenever I can, a strip club is no different but they really need to CLEAN HOUSE.  When the dancers are asking a party not to leave you may want to treat those customers with a little respect and class. This was my second and LAST TIME at Sin City unless the owners wise up and change their management.   We decided to celebrate my husbands 33rd birthday (yes I know, a little weird but I'm not a particularly jealous person and it was a good time for the most part with other couples) here on Saturday 3/8 here is how it went down.   Two weeks ago when we decided to celebrate at Sin City,  being the planner that I am I did my due diligence and called  ahead to get all of the information as far as pricing, tables and bottle service so that I could inform those we were inviting to celebrate with us.  I spoke with a young woman who informed me of the admission charges and told me from 9-11pm there was 2 for 1 bottle service which sounded great as we were not planning on staying too late.  I called again 2 days before just to confirm all of the information and spoke with another young woman, she again told me about the 2 for 1 bottle special.   We arrived on Saturday at around 8:50, planning to be out by midnight and to avoid issues getting a table and a rowdy crowd.  The minute we got past coat check we were approached by a waitress who informed us that we could not sit at a table unless we were purchased bottle service. I told her we were and the other couple we were with were ordering food, she also told us about the 2 for 1 bottle service from 9-11.  The waitress seats at a table along the couch as we were expecting more people, gives me the menu and walks away.  When she comes back here's what she said "ok, the rules just changed. The manager said no more 2 for 1 bottle service." She was very sweet and apologized but of course I was upset as I felt I did my part.  We were already at the table so decided to just buy a bottle of jack daniels for $225 and the additional gratuity which brought the total to $258 which would have been fine except it was a pint sized bottle. Right before that the dj announced over the sound system "all waitresses report to the back, you have a meeting", our waitress disappeared for about 25 minutes for this meeting...real classy right?.  We decided to let it go and enjoy what we went there for and that was the entertainment.   Entertainment: The dancers here for the most part are amazingly talented, beautiful women. They were very sweet and respectful to me as a wife but still showed my husband a great time as well as the rest of our party.  Especially (I think her name was Jenny B.  They were the best thing about this place, they were actually upset when we left. By 10:30pm we were a party of 13, all buying drinks, hookah and food and treating the dancers so well they would not leave our area.  Instead of being made to feel comfortable so that we'd continue to spend money we were PRESSURED to spend more money. The manager made the waitresses come over and tell us we now had to spend $600 at each table, I demanded to see this manager who never came over and then we were told we did not have to spend $600 but all 13 people had to stay at ONE teeny tiny table, may I add that 3/4 of the tables were EMPTY.  After everyone was "entertained", had a few drinks and ate around 11:15, I started to let them know that we were planning on leaving by 12am and we'd get a few drinks at a local bar because I knew we'd continue to be hassled and honestly did not care for the crowd I saw coming in.  At 11:45pm the security guard came over to us and told us we had to give up the table, at this point we had all had enough and I refused to leave the building until I let the manager know how unprofessional and shady his practices were.   The manager looked every bit as shady as I thought he would, greasy pony tail with a nose as crooked as his business ethics.  He tried to avoid me at first because he was already dealing with customers he was screwing over. When I finally got a hold of him I let him know how unprofessional he was, that I called twice for information only to have it change once we sat down. He offered no apology but instead tried to make me feel as though he did me a favor by allowing us to stay where we were as long as we did.  I told him he was disgusting (he is) and that I would be sure to post on Yelp, google + and report to the BBB.  I know it won't make much difference but hopefully I will spare others from dealing with the same crap. No class, no respect, just greed.
Food is great! Bartenders are fun and awesome! Everyone is very friendly!
"All I want for my birthday is big booty ho!"  And that's just what I got at Sin City. I celebrated my 29th birthday at Sin City and had an awesome, amazing time, as did everyone else in my party.  I had previously been to Sin City on one prior occassion --for another bday party, and decided that this would be the perfect place for my friends and I to have ratchet fun.   Planning/Logistics -- Sin City is not the type of place you really go to buy a couple of drinks and throw a few dollars at the stripper.  You sort of have to go hard or go home/not come at all.  To get the best experience, it's really in your best interest to get a group of friends together and buy bottles, get a table, etc. I went with the $65/pp party package for a party of 16 -- we got free admission for all, two bottles of champagne and a bottle of vodka.  (I bought an additional three bottles of liquor.)  I'm the anal, overplanning type, so I called  a couple weeks before my birthday, and got instructions on how to reserve the party.  I had to go to Sin City during the week after 8pm to speak with a manager and put down a 50% deposit.  This was a little annoying, because it's out of the way, I had to wait like 45 minutes before the manager was able to (or decided to -- who knows) see me, and I was asked if I wanted an application during the wait -- TWICE.  (I mean. . . thanks. . . to the extent that's a compliment. . .  I guess).   Anyhow, the VIP manager was really nice and offered to provide me 2 for 1 bottles, if I called him to remind him the day of (of course I was super busy and forgot).  And apparently the policy is that your party has to be there by 11pm or your reservation is cancelled, you lose your deposit, etc.  I asked the manager if he was able to push it later because I had a plated dinner earlier in the evening that I was unable to adjust the time for.  He explained that the prior weekend they reached capacity at 1am, so that it's imperative that we get there on time and gave me until 11:30. THANK GOODNESS. Day of -- Everything went suprisingly smoothly.  My friends were able to get in without issue.  (I actualy snuck in an additional 2 friends).  Like there was zero drama with me paying the remaining 50% of the party reservation.  Our waitress checked in frequently.  I ordered my additional bottles without issue and got my bill in a timely manner when I requested it.  We were given about a two table area.  Friends ordered hookah and paid separately without issue. Atmosphere/Strippers -- I've been to three strip clubs in life, so my experience is limited -- but Sin City is effin' amazing.  Like it has a casino vibe and the strippers are everywhere.  On the stage (there are like 3 small stages and a very large mainstage that has 2-3 strippers at a time), walking around, etc.  The women are primarily Black and Latina.  Some of gotten a work done, some obviously so, and others you can't tell until you're up really close, grabbing, etc.  The woman are generally of quality, with various types of attributes that can suit anyone's fancy.   Back to the point about going with a big group and being willing to spend.  When the strippers see that your group is dropping a fair amount of money, they will flock, and continue to flock throughout the night.  My friends bought a fair number of lap dances for me.  And they aren't the here is $20 at the end type of dances.  They come up to you, you grab, slap, insert dollar bills (wherever), make it rain, etc.  They will stay as long as you're giving them dollars.   This place isn't really for the faint at heart.  Like it's pretty wild.  One stripper definitely attempted to put my hand in her bikini bottoms (or whatever).  I politely declined.  I got my boyfriend a lap dance (because he was behaving so superbly) and chick definitely put her crotch in his face at some point, and I had to let her know the show was over.   Overall -- I highly recommend going to Sin City if you plan to spend a bit of change and do it big. Everyone had a really good time, and ended the night drunk and I had friends who didn't attent tell me that they heard it was a blast.  No, I won't spend that every time I go to Sin City, but I understand that you get what you pay for. It was definitely worth every penny.
the space is very big and the décor is nice, but to get in we paid 10 dollars we went after 2 a.m and then when we were in the waitress so sweet and kind told us nicely that we must pay for drinks if not we cant stay in. I taught that was beyond crazy. i didn't believe that we must pay for drinks to stay after i just payed hookah and to come in!!! so i told her let me speak to the manger ( i was already drunk ) and he said yes you must so i told him why is that the only way you can make your money!! he stood shut and walked away. ( his  breathe smelled like so much alcohol ) since im only 21 young and this was my first time going to a strip club. i didn't know if this like this everywhere. anyway the strippers most were pretty with nice bodies. but one in particular. who danced on us. she smelled very bad like pussy sorry for my language. and her breath some like weed. and on top of her smelly wak lap dance she charged for 20. lmfao i was about to tell her hell no im not gunna pay if i almost threw up and u smell. but i didn't want to hurt any feelings and was in a good mood. which i am always but not when they are trying to get me for my money !!!! oh and my babe got a free lap dance. ha being because he was the sexiest guy in the club or that she noticed we was throwing the same dollars picking it up over and over again till she was done. she walked out with 4 dollars hello u didn't ask permission to dance. ok overall i loved the music! and i would give it another try one day maybe in my next life or so. but i have heard of starlet's gentlemen club in queens i heard is the best and the girls smell so good.
I love strip clubs so I ended up going here one night. It was super packed ! Celebs love this place. Some of the girls were bad ( as in attractive) lol thick as hell which is a great thing in my book. The music was good . Girl on girl action from the patrons. The drinks and the food were good . People in the club making it rain with their money or someone elses lol . I think the club should have a private area for dances but its pretty much open . There was also a fight the night I went so by the end of the night I was pretty irritated , my hair and clothes got wet ! I guess before people started to act like assholes I enjoyed myself .
So, this is a departure from my usual yelping... but what can I say, I am a fan. Now first, a disclaimer - I too, as a woman, was shocked and appalled upon being notified on my 1st visit that the cover was $30. $30?!?! Dear ma'am, I am a lady! I do not pay for the club whatsoever! Do you know how cute I am? How finely I am dressed on an evening such as this? The gall! Me and my friends negotiated down to $20 per person, and after a very thorough frisk, we gained entry into the club. Once I was in, it dawned on me - being a girl in the strip club is like bringing sand to the beach. No wonder they were charging girls the same as guys (and I wouldn't be shocked if they charged ladies more) - this place is brimming with naked beautiful women, and the odds of me "making it rain" in this establishment is slim to none. So my presence is inconsequential at best, and a burden at most. Once I figured out that this is probably one of the only places in NYC where being a cute girl won't get you far (that and the gay clubs), I settled in and had a great time tossing other men's money at the girls. Cause that's right, I ain't got no stripper dollas. And I might be triffling enough to pick up a few bills and stuff them into my own bra. Times is rough. That said, I've been here for two different birthday parties and had a great time. I've found that if you are nice to the girls, they are nice to you, and the cocktail waitresses are always really friendly and fun. Plus these girls have talent! The tricks they do are amazing, it's like a hip hop cirque du soleil! But be 'ye forwarned - bring plenty of cash, as their atm charges an astronomical $20 fee. WTF. That's my one complaint - they are truly wildin' on that tip.
Wow, has Sin City changed. 1st off, Sin City is a Go Go Club. It is NOT a strip club anymore. Since when do "strippers" dance with pasties and/or bathing suit tops?! After paying $20 to get in and go through the airport type security (even though I don't mind the security,) I was expecting it to be the same way it was when I would come here all the time years ago...NAKED chicks! You will see plenty of fitted hats, gold chains, ass slapping, dudes making it "rain," cellulite, C-section scars and jail tats. The girls hustle hard. So hard, they jerk dudes by doing impromptu lap dances without getting the "okay" from the unsuspecting customer and then asking for a $20 bill. It happened to me and I was seriously like "WTF, I never asked for a dance?" RIP Sin City of the mid 2000's.
Let me just say it took me 2 tries and 1 month to actually fully write my intake with full analysis on this establishment.  Most would probably say, "Is it really that serious on this review to write how long and how many tries it took me!?"  Well let me answer this question now, HECK YEA! WARNING...WARNING...WARNING -- The contents below are sadly true, but big booty girls is what's gonna give me that twist to show a tad sympathy for customer service gone up the veejay. My First attempt at Sin City Take 1: I came here March 26 at exactly 1am to celebrate my 25th birthday.    I can't begin to explain how freezing it was and how short the ladies line to enter this place was.  Excuse me! Let me refrain that latter sentence. I was the first person on the ladies line with the rest of my home girls and homeboys who were on a wayyyyyy longer line then us females.  I probably waited over 1hr 30mins to ATTEMPT to get in.   I think I saw more butchy hulks, I guess it be only right I call them woMEN enter this place than a man who owns a banana spheel for life. I patiently waited without saying a word to get in, without trying to bribe him, and with out a sound of puff out my throat.  Although, how long can a person who is half nakedly dress contain herself.  PEOPLE, let's get serious I'm a PUERTO RICAN with an ADOBO MIND SET.  Asi que, cojelo con take it easy. I was skipped by various (NOT ONE OR TWO ...about 10 people to be exact).  All because the bouncer new a SUPPOSED regular.  This is unprofessional and a lost on his part.  Any establishment, certainly even Strip Clubs, don't realize that word of mouth about the awesomeness or lameness of a place is a domino effect.  I cannot lie that I told everyone not to come here because of my first encounter, but because I received positive feedback about this place I had to try again to make sure I was not flipping out.   After waiting on line to get in to celebrate my birthday, I had to leave because the cold beat me to it.  I was extremely upset.  It was even said that when my group of friends decided to buy a bottle to get in quicker, the bouncer still ignored us.  I guess Sin City is making bigger and better bucks, but this coming from a Strip Club that is NOT Number One.  Guess I'm going to have to make the sacrifice and hit the top Strip Club in New York upstate. Oh hai Sue's!!!! I personally thought the American gendered "white man" aka the bouncer was probably the most arrogant man I met who turned more business down while I was standing there then a Mexican selling empanadas on a street corner. He definitely can be GENTRIFIED as a man who pays for Veejay' looking trannies.   The main lesson I learned during this Saturday late night is that you cannot go on a weekend, unless your there no later then 9pm to get in.   However, I gave Sin City a second chance when I found out that the last Tuesday of the month is "customer appreciation day" and half off entrance fee.   Second Attempt: Tuesday, April 30, 2010 at 9pm: I entered with no problem, the charge to get in was half off from a regular day ($10) and you get four drink tickets.  I went straight to the bar and ordered Hennesy w/ pineapple, which means that you could order top shelf liquor w/ the free tickets.  For some who don't eat before a strip clubs, there was a buffet setup - I called it the round table full of jokes and lames.   First off, who goes to a strip club to eat.  Sorry, but a dollar ain't worth chicken breath. lulz The strippers were already dancing and let me just saying it was AMAZING.   I spotted my jenny boo the moment I entered and probably fell in love.  I definitely got to bag her number and she took me out back to have a smoke w/ her for exclusive employees.  Whose got that G Thang Bay Bey!! Towards the end of the night, what happened!! ... someone takes my black jacket.  It was literally no where to be found.  This is where Sin City loses its stars with me.  There was no way to find a coat in that mash pit of bananas. I could not find the jacket and left without it infuriated because none of the personnel could help me.  The night manager was more concerned about my panties and bought me a drink.  Thanks for the drink, but he still didn't bag anything but a nod off my face. I decided the next day to call in and as in any club no one knows anything. Typical corporate shenanigans.  What saved sin city from losing 2 stars was Jenny.  So Shout outs to my Venezuelan Beauty for shaking it like a tail feather, while letting me put dollars from the back to front.   Would I come here again? Yes, but NEVER on a weekend.  I will be trying out ladies night on Thursday and its also amateur night for girls to audition.  Nothing is better then BRAND NEW ERRRTHANG.
I was super trashed and don't remember if I had a good time or not. I had no dollar bills in my pocket do I think I'll guess I had a good time.
Hot dancers more like a night club a lot of couples here guess there into that kinda stuff. Staff is cool u know strip club equals dollar dollar dollar bills y'all That being said I must cleanse myself from the joy of that night.
I like this spot. Been there with a guy I was dating and just recently with a group of girlfriends on Amateur Thursdays. (My girlfriend won!) The girls there are pretty and have nice bodies. Some of look like they had surgery on their butts though. A few were just unreal. There 3 main stages. The dancers do pole tricks and are very entertaining. Off stage, don't expect to speak to them unless your paying for a dance or VIP or you know them personally. Very snobbish. There is alot of lesbians in this spot I noticed so if your str8 like me and you don't mind, I think this is a good spot to go with your man. Drinks were good. Reasonably priced. If you sit at a table, a waitress will take your order. $30 min to open a tab at the bar. You can have a lapdance where ever your sitting unlike other clubs that have a designated lap dance area. They have appetizers too which are pretty good. IDK I like it. Parking is a bitch and it's $20 to get in I think before 12am but hey.
Love this place more every time I walk in. I love the food. The menu is as diverse as New York itself. The dancers are MAD talented. I wish I had their upper-body strength (Grrr!) I don't mind the Gestapo-fied security since I'd rather not get stabbed or have some other crazy shit go down in there. The bathroom is all right. It's clean but there's a bit of a wait. The waitresses and bartenders are all hot (Literally) and the ones I've interacted with are all really cool. This is not the place for you if you are broke or cheap, considering the cover charge is pretty high and so are the prices. Best bang for you buck? (pun intended) Bottle service. They have 2 for 1 bottles before a certain time. Call to find out. I'm too hungover to remember the specifics.
2 years ago, I would've given this place 5 stars, but times have changed. 98% of the women here are light skinned spanish women with similar bodies. The owner has an idea of what is sexy and he is sticking to it... The line can take about an hour or so to clear. --The cover charge is pretty hefty... i believe its $25 or $35 to get in... Once, you're in---prepare for an intensive security check--i nearly lost my pants in my check-----the check is done when your belt comes off...awesome! The place is super packed---if you come after 11pm, there is no place to sit and you're forced to stand while desperate guys keep pacing back and forth for that perfect spot to ogle. Your other option is to pay about $500 or so for a VIP sitting area, which i think has drink minimums and other stipulations.. The only positive is that a lot of women come here. On any given night, there's bound to be at least 100+ in the club. Most are bi or lesbians, but they get pretty psyched up and dress up for this event.. I'mma go on tour and come up with a top 10 list for strip clubs, but this spot won't be in the running and its a shame.
ONLY 3 STARS CUZ SECURITY IS A B*TCH AND I WISH I HAD BEEN INTOXICATED! I went for my friend's birthday about 2 weeks ago and pulled up to the spot around 12am. BIG MISTAKE! Line was down the block and there was a $30 cover charge just to get inside. Waited on line for 45mins and Head of security was pretty obnoxious. I went thru a metal detector once inside and after it went off (pssshhh I wasn't takin off my underwire bra and jewelry for this sh*t) I was pretty much molested by this seriously butch female guard. I mean damn lady, If your gonna finger under my @ss cheeks and put ur hands inbetween my titties (no bullsh*t)...at least tell me your name and get me a drink first! As soon as I entered the main place there were big titties bouncin' , fat booties jigglin and money flying EVERYWHERE! Music was on point and there was an even mix of men and women there. The dancers are amazing and if you're a girl like me who is body conscious, this will make you wanna take ur big @ss to the gym asap and do a 1000 reps on every machine in the spot! Splits on the ceiling, flips on poles, bottles of Moet in between buttcheeks  (not joking). These b*tches are magical! They're like little naked stripper angels who fell topless from heaven to teach the world that all things can be healed through the power of p*ssy poppin! If I go back, I'm going to drink and throw caution to the wind. Aside from the bullsh*t to get inside...this place is a def must go to for adult entertainment and good ole messy time with friends. I applaud all of the girls working there...I aspire to be like you one day.
Of course you shouldnt base your decision on my review because honestly Im not that "experienced"with strip clubs But if you are looking for more "manly"reviews than check out thestripclublist.com It was pretty nice,the girls were okay..but there was sure a lot of waitress there..Its the type of club to let you get away with a little bit more than those high end clubs at the rest of the club.The girls here really do exotic dancing,not just on the pole.
This was my first Strip Club EVER...my boyfriend brought me here for my bday...and I was sooo excited...so...the line was pretty long but it moved pretty fast...when we got to the front...the cover was $35 per person!!! I didn't know any better, so I didn't know if this was a lot til after...got frisked by some Butch Lesbian chick went through the metal detectors and I made my way into the place where there were a few stages...the place was packed...dollars flowing everywhere...chicks with AMAZING BODIES (I'm jealous)...everything a guy would want from a spot, right??? WRONG!!! Most of the strippers are out of reach...they never come close to the customers so u have to fling the bills at them...its not worth coming here UNLESS u have a table and are getting lap dances... I have to say though...there was one stripper whose pole skills were INSANE!!!!!! My bf and I stayed for about 30mins and went to another Strip Club my friend recommended...at least I got to go to 2 diff strip clubs in 1 night for my first time...lol...
I have to say this place actually has really good food!! I was extremely surprised to taste awesome chicken quesadillas and Buffalo wings from here! They have a great menu as well with a lot more selection that I haven't tried. I know....what am I doing eating at this place. But it has become tradition for many to go here a little early eat enjoy dinner and show then relax and have drink and party the night away! This place is located in a tough area of the south Bronx, but I find them to be very organized for an establishment in this area. It has become a frequent spot for professionals; lawyers, doctors, firemen, cops, and everything else in between. By the way, they do an awesome surf dance on top of the pole to the swag and surf song!
THIS CLUB WILL SHIT ON YOUR LIFE. I went here for my birthday....the clubowners mased their own club and tear gassed everybody in the building because someone had been fighting in the front.  My friends and I had just bought a bottle of Grey Goose and they literally forged our signature to charge us, even though we didn't get to open the bottle. This place is illegal and should be shut down for their complete disrepect.  I'd give them no stars if I could.  Run ladies, run.
Maybe its my inexperience with strip clubs (this was my first time). I dunno. But all i know is I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Very spacious, very clean. The Dancers are smokin, and the waitresses are even hotter than the dancers.  The place is very laid back, bathroom was clean, drinks were reasonably priced. Id highly recommend this place. It rocks!!!!
I went to sin city to celebrate a friends birthday. I was unhappy about the amount of time I spent waiting on the line. However I was still optimistic about the night. I entered in the club and was amazed by the size but that was about it. My drink was okay. The dancer were alright. A lot of them looked old. Some were very pushy, taking money out of your hand etc. There was only two girls that I saw that did pole tricks. And I don't want to even start on the ratchet, ghetto, and obnoxious people that were seated around Me. Bottle service. On a little table that could barely hold the drinks bottle and hookah. The hookah was harsh, tasted like shit. Oh and the bottle was about 300. Which is appalling to me a bar tender and bottle service girl. Who's worked at far nicer clubs where the service and prices are better. To some it up. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
Love this place. The girls are hot. The food is great especially the voodoo wings. $9 til 9 is great. My friend loves this place too. Same reason. We will be back there soon!! I have to go for stripper idol one day. Very big place. 1 of 2 fav clubs.
Came here last week  for the first time after hearing about this spot for F'N years... Let me just say...its more hype than anything else at Sin City. Not saying that I had the worse time in the world cause I didn't but for what its worth, I think...or should I say I'm SURE I would of had a better experience at some less well known strip spot and definitely wouldn't of had to dish out as much cash as I did...not too mention probably would of seen better looking strippers. It's kind of a catch 22 cause like I said I didn't have a horrible time. The service is very good actually and waitresses are very attentive which is much appreciated but what I didn't like about Sin City is 2 things in particular: 1  being, is that its TOO MUCH of an open space inside the club. Now I know, I know they gotta make their cash and the whole objective is to bring people in and the more open space you have for gentlemen and ladies alike to enjoy themselves with having strippers all over the place do their thing but I'm the kind of guy who likes for a strip club to be a lil bit more interpersonal, a lil bit more one-on-one, F it, I like to feel special...lol, And yeah I know its a strip spot, no feelings, just a friendly exchange of cash and pretend ass but damn that place is like an auditorium in there. Its kind of difficult to feel "accommodated" with that many people, that much space, that many seats. And I know you're saying to yourself, well why not just go to the private area to get a lapdance...welllllll that leads me to my next reason why I didn't take too much . Ummm...the girls there are half ass. Just putting it as honest as I can.  Okay, not ALL the girls but most of the STRIPPERS/DANCERS...are not as much eye candy as you would like them to be (at least IMO). I will even go as far as to say the hostesses are way more hotter than the dancers/strippers themselves. Why they not up there shaking their tailfeather is beyond me but when you first walk in and leave from the club and you see the females at coatcheck, the female taking the cash to let you in and the the females that are in those stripe uniforms and then you look at the strippers you pause, take a moment and just think  to yourself...WTF! They couldn't get at least TWO of these hostesses up here on these poles instead of these around-the-way, need a new dress from the corner dress shop chicks.... Now, like I said I have only been here once, it was last Friday, so I don't know the clubs daily routine or rotation on a nightly basis but this just may have been an off night with these girls. To put it as blatant as possible, most of the chicks I saw stripping from the time of 12am-2:30am were chicks that looked like they just rolled out of bed, rolled a blunt and just had a bacon, egg and cheese on a roll. Smh. I would NOT allow myself to get a personal lapdance from the majority off these females off the strength that if I am going to a strip club (which is not often) I want premium chicks since I am paying on the spot AND paying to even enter the club. NONE of the females that were dancing were a 8 1/2 or better which was disappointing, especially being that the club is suited in the Bronx, NYC in which case a huge portion of BX is filled with very attractive Latina, black and mixed females....NOT the case with this club though. I know I sound very specific and a tad bit picky but I like what I like and when it comes to strip clubs, I am kind of a harsh critic cause I like to leave satisfied and fulfilled in a situation like that which I wasn't. Not deterring anyone from coming here though cause it is an alright spot to go to for a group of people, birthday celebration, have friends or family from out of town which was the case with me but if you're coming here just off the cuff and expecting a grand ol time...I suggest you lower your expectations cause you will not be overly pleased. Especially if you're a guy and you come here paying $20-$30 JUST TO GET IN THE CLUB. And not to mention that there is a $45 minimum to use your credit/debit card, so don't try getting one or two drinks here without cash. Maybe if u make casual convo with the hostesses you will have a lil bit of a pleasurable time cause they are F'N gorgeous but don't expect to be blown away with the dancers, just sayin'!
The other strip clubs in New York can learn a lot from Sin City. This is the only strip club in New York that I will visit on a regular basis. I normally go to other cities (New Orleans, Atlantic City, DC) for this type of entertainment because Manhattan and Queens clubs don't offer the type of experience that a couple can enjoy together. Sin City does. There are several reasons why Sin City stands out. 1) There is a mix of women here that includes various body types, races and looks (because not everyone wants a dance from a blond Eastern European lady). 2) The prices not ridiculous, even if you buy bottle service (I never get bottle service, but here it doesn't seem that bad). 3) The music is all hip hop and the DJ actually mixes once in a while instead of just calling up girls to the stage in that weird strip club DJ voice 4) Girls go to this club just as much as (if not more than) the men. This gives the room a more laid back vibe since there isn't the overabundance of testosterone that infects other strip clubs. I've seen straight/ bi girls throw wig parties here and there are always groups of lesbians holding things down all over the room. 5) The uncomfortable hands off policy that permeates other venues isn't really enforced here. I'm sure security is watching, but if the girl is comfortable with you things are much more relaxed. Now having said all that there are three things to keep in mind. First, if you decide to show up after 11, you will get a hassle at the door and you might not get in at all. Second, if you only stand by the bar you will be frustrated because you need to go to the main floor for the best time. Finally, this is still a strip club. If you don't pay attention to your money, you will spend all of it. Don't blow your rent money for one good night. If you want to spend a night in a rap video without getting your grill slugged up, go to Sin City. Just get there early.
This USED to be my prime choice of entertainment in the early 2000's BUT since the recession(2009) it seems as if they let any ol Sally dance on the pole. I was here 2 wks ago(don't Judge my late review) anywho.... I waited over an hour on line to get in, once I got in, I wanted to get some singles little did I know they'd changed their policy on making change for customers they take $1 off every $20 that you break WHOA wtf!!!  Where they do that at????  Okay so I make my way to the main stage hoping to see some new eye candy & to my surprise I was utterly disgusted the 2 females dancing looked Middle Aged at least 40+ now usually I don't mind a nice well reserved woman I'm used to to southern strip clubs so I've seen it all BUT these chicks were horrible titties were down to their knee caps, asses were flatter that pancakes ohhhh. The horror!!!! I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there and this was a Saturday night, the night were the best women should've been on duty.  One "dancer" had a weave so long & red she looked like the Disney character "Brave" I had to do a double take.   I will not be returning here for a while. And neither should YOU...   If you choose to go make sure you get in before midnight  when the price is 20, after    It goes to $30 then $50.
Had a pretty good time. This was my second time there. Beautiful girls who are very friendly and definitely talented!!!  Will def return!
Save your money!  When you go exchange a hundred dollars for singles, they skim money off the top!  Me and my boys exchanged about $300 each and each stack had about $87 dollars!  It is just not good business etiquette.
Every time I come to New York I come in this place. It's always a great time.
so i finally broke my strip club virginity.  i was terrified all the way up to the cab ride over there.....thank you driver for giving me a pep talk and reassuring me there was nothing to fear.  once i walked in i was surprised that the women outnumbered the men.  ladies, why didnt yall tell me it was so cool for us to go???  i had no idea.   anyways, the girls are hot.  the drinks are good and there are horny men (with disposable income nonetheless) all over the place.  so in other words sin city is fun, fun and more fun.   the only reason i rated it 4 stars instead of 5 is because there were no black dancers.  it is, after all, black history month (lol....ok i know mlk and obama would not approve of this message but im sayin tho!).  i dont know, maybe i went on latina night.  either way, the girls were beautiful and they put in work so i have nothing but love and respect for them. fyi---there is no picture taking allowed inside and for those of yall (see:  me) who get too drunk and carried away this is a good thing.   my dad is on my facebook friendlist and i dont need that kind of pressure in my life. fyi numero dos---the bathroom is CLEAN!!!!!
its cool....but the prices at the door on the Weekend nights????? OMG......cool spot though.....everything is super expensive
I"m going to be broke if i keep coming here but those lap dances :D
I LOVE this place. If you're into voluptuous, curvy, spanish and black women with fat asses and tiny waists this is the place for you! These girls are amazing and they're honest-to-god great dancers. I always have a great time coming here because these girls are thoroughly *entertaining*. You have to get in early because this place gets PACKED! And I think that its crazy that as a female I (or any of us!) have to pay to get in ($20-$35 range) but it all weighs out cause what I pay to get in i get back from some sucker(s) sending drinks my way. This place is totally female- friendly, not like most strip clubs where you won't find any female patrons. I hear the food is great but i have a strict no strip club food policy- I'm too boojie for that. A word to the wise: this is actually NOT a stripclub as there is no nudity- it's a GOGO bar- expect thongs and titties & a damn good time.
Drinks not worth it. The bank stole money from my exchange. And lap dances are shared (no private area)
Ok, so my Jersey crew came out to celebrate my girls bday...A group of about 15 or so. We arrived early (9ish) on 12/28; very clean, spacious, with comfy adequate seating. And we had our choice because we arrived so early (good thing)! We're popping btls, and spending $$$; we're celebrating more than one bday. The dancers are making their way in and out and around our group; lovely! During the times that they're entertaining others, we begin to entertain ourselves until they return. We're clowning and the guys are loving it (truth be told, so are we). Everyone is having a ball, until...the ignoramus of "security guard" continued to interfere with our good time by constantly tell us "you can't do that"...REALLY?!?!?! WTF??? We weren't "doing" anything! Dancing on each other? Sitting on the back of a chair while bending on of my girls over? F*#%!!! It's not like we're not soliciting, and paying handsomely I might add, for the girls to dance. Plus we bought about 5 F%*^ing btls! Yo' where is the manager??? I speak to the mgr, and before I finish explaining he says   and takes off, headed towards my group.  He says something to guy and walks away. No more interruptions but the mood was already ruined...I'll try again soon and hopefully be free of the interference. The girls were great though
-4 stars for the asshole bouncer that made us wait outside (in 30 degree weather with wind chill) for over 1hr & half. (Saturday night). The line only moved every half hour. Why treat your patrons with such disrespect I have no idea. At least a dozen people didn't bother waiting and just left. +5 star rating is for the girls dancing and shakin their big booty. I was celebrating my birthday with my friend who got a recommendation from her friend. After a $35 dollar cab ride up from Soho we just were determined to make it worth our trip. Once we were up in the front of the line the big black bouncer just lets my friend go in and leaves me out there. Ok we dealt with the cold long enough in our dresses and bare legs as it is. It wouldn't have bothered me that much if he didn't let a dozen other random people into the place that didn't even wait 2 minutes. The white bouncer seemed to be playing the "good bouncer" and kept pushing the asshole bouncer to let us in but yet didn't budge. I waited an extra ten minutes outside. So inside we dished out $30 cover each and got a hell of a pat down. Seriously. How much would the only white & yellow girl do in a strip club in the Bronx?? Luckily there wasn't a mandatory coat check. I've really only been to one other strip club in Las Vegas where I did get a lap dance. Honestly not my thing. But wow these girls here.... They got some moves. White girls just ain't got nothin' on these chicks. If I wasn't so ticked off with the beginning of my venture here I woulda gotten a dance or two and drank like a fish. But no. I really would like to go back but not with the bullshit I'd have to deal with to get into the place. Would loveta support you girls with a few hundred stacks of $1s but maybe when the doormen got their act together.
Best strip club I've been to ever. Not no dive or hole in the wall. Staff was even nice, Security, waitress and even the strippers. I'm cant wait to go back and I'm taking my wife with me.
When I go to Sin CIty its usually a Thursday night because its ladies nights.  The girls are amazing! Their bodies are unbelievable.  My only issue is that you can spend a lot of money with bottle service packages, but when the bottle is done, the treat you like you are taking up there space.  My only other complaint is there is not a diversity in the girls.  95% spanish girls.  But these are some of the sexiest spanish girls you will see.  Parkin lot next door charged $20.  Get there early so you don't have to pay a hefty door fee.  You cant dance with your friends and you cant take pictures.
When I go to Sin CIty its usually a Thursday night because its ladies nights.  The girls are amazing! Their bodies are unbelievable.  My only issue is that you can spend a lot of money with bottle service packages, but when the bottle is done, the treat you like you are taking up there space.  My only other complaint is there is not a diversity in the girls.  95% spanish girls.  But these are some of the sexiest spanish girls you will see.  Parkin lot next door charged $20.  Get there early so you don't have to pay a hefty door fee.  You cant dance with your friends and you cant take pictures.
went with a few friends for his bday party...place was nice inside he knew the door lady so we got in for free...ladies look good...waitress are even better looking, drinks were reasonably priced, i like the fact u can get a dance where u are at....some ladies are pushy but thats expected...bathroom was decent. other than that i'd recommend this place if your thinking of going
