I had no idea in hell what mofongo is, was hungry, saw the sign and stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon, when the place was empty. Nice looking, very large Dominican restaurant/nightclub--building is probably from the '20s or '30s, well preserved, a lot of hardwood. Our waitress brought us a free cup of chicken soup, basic but good. I ordered pernil (pork) mofongo and my wife had some kind of conch/octopus mofongo. Although presented as a sort of very thick hockey puck with sauce on it, the soft consistency and slightly stringy appearance inside made me think it was cassava or yam-based.  It was tasty, and very filling. The pernil was tender and juicy, and my wife enjoyed her seafood plate. Would be interesting to come back at night and see some good, live salsa, but a $20 cover charge is a bit pricey...
What would have been a good experience quickly changed. My roommate and I went to get a drink and an appetizer. We were charged way more than what we should have been charged for a screwdriver ($13) We had appetizers which were fine price wise. The bartender was coughing into her hands and then without sanitizing her hands went back to preparing drinks and garnishing. Gross! Also, gratuity was added to a party of two who were sitting at the bar. We were told after the fact that it was cash only! Poor service. Very disappointed. Would not suggest this place, but if you end up here, watch your bill and the cleanliness.
Really disappointed at the lack of customer service.  We walked in and no one greeted us. We had to literally choose where to sit. The ikea tags where not even removed from the glasses. Ordered mofongo since that's their "specialty" and was surprised out my mind to find the worst and less authentic mofongo of my list so far. Even less better looking joints have better food and customer service. Worst is that the wait for the check was just as long than for the food.  Could have walked out of the place and the gum chewing waitress would not have even noticed since she was giving her back to the entrance too engrossed in conversation with the other one to even bother.
I have eaten inside the restaurant and have also ordered takeout. When they first opened up for business, the food was amazing. I had very high hopes for this restaurant, it would've been nice to have a top notch Mofongo house right under my nose. However, as time passed, and the more I had food here, the more you saw the lack of effort being put into possibly every single aspect from the business; the food has gotten worse, the attention is lacking from the staff and it seems like if you aren't buying large doses of liquor they won't pay any mind to you. The upside is it's not hard to find the place and also the setting is pretty decent.
I dont really come here to eat...i mostly party i have gone on fri sat and sun especially on sundays its gets pack because they have a special on beer 17 for $15 the rotating dj are good if your dominican this is defitnetly a place for u
I went into this place to watch the Yankees play the Red Sox and have some drinks. The service was beyond awful. I won't be back.
I eat here once a year when I'm in The BX to do my taxes. Not a huge mofongo fan, so I eat everything else on this restaurant's yummy menu. Today, it was the grilled chicken and shrimp platter.  My portion of chicken was big, tender and well seasoned. The shrimps were fat and nicely grilled-not tough or burned. Kasike is interestingly decorated  too. The walls are covered with paintings of Native American life. Lovely tribal masks adorn certain wall sections and there are some really cool Conquistador type helmets and swords hanging up. I like to admire it all while I'm gorging myself on their deliciously tangy salsa and chips, waiting for my food to arrive. There's a full bar too and the frozen drinks here are divine.
Food is decent & lovely presentation - Service on the other hand is not so great. Inexperienced waiters/waitresses and non-attentive service. I'll stick to city spots. This place would've scored better if it weren't for the lackadaisical service.
Dominican restaurant with live entertainment.
This Restaurant sucks, to see the menu you have to use the flashlight from your cell phone and the prices are OD high. This place is really more of a bar hangout type of place. The food was ok but not a five finger licker type of food. Overall sucks ass.
I live near this place so my wife decided for us to go there for the first time. It was empty for the most part, only two other customers besides us but it was because we went during the week. They did break it down to us as far as weekend events. They have normally have party weekends with famous performers. Maybe next time we will try this. But in the meantime, the food was perfect, mofongo done just right and even though the regular bartender was no there. the owners wife did manage to make us a very good mojito. So until we try this place again I give this place a 3 for hospitality, good food and drinks and the feeling of being in a similar place when me and my wife went to DR.
the food was amazing. I had the skirt steak Mofongo. Halfway through dinner on a Saturday night my party and I got kicked out by the police department. we were told there was an altercation a week before and it never was reported so they shut the place down for the night. it was about 9:00 pm. we didn't even get to finish out food and were rushed out of there. moral of the story food was great but I will never go back there again!
