This place is one of my favorite places to eat at. If you love history, great food, excellent service then this is a great choice. One of the reviewers said they went there for Sunday lunch and everything was cold. This is simply not true. I have been there three times for Sunday brunch and everything was kept nice and hot in serving trays and there was a cook that is making fresh omelets on demand. Two thumbs up! Make sure you visit the Dewint house down the road: dewinthouse.com They show a nice 10 minute movie about George Washington.
I'm told this is the gem of Tappan. For a town rich in history, this place feels like you've just stepped back into colonial times. And as proof, George Washington used to frequent this place. In addition to him, the back of the menu has a list of famous military and celebrities that have been here. That should speak for itself. I had a Caesar salad and the Yankee pot roast with a signature '76 lager. When ordering the salad, they prepare it from scratch right in front of you. It was one of the best Caesar salads I've ever had. There's also a hint of Tabasco in it and you can order it with or without anchovies. The pot roast was unbelievable. As I sit here writing about it, I wish I had another plate of it in front of me. The gravy/sauce/ au jus was great.   Before we were finished, I began to finish the last of my beer and asked the waitress if I could purchase the glass... She said yes. While checking out, the manager asked where I was from. I told her Philadelphia. She proceeded to give me the glass for free as a token of "brotherly love". From one historic town to another, I was grateful. I will definitely be here again when visiting my sister.
This has been our "Goto" restaurant for years. It's where we go, when we can't decide where to go. Last night was one of those nights. My wife had one of the fish specials and I had the duck. The duck is hit and miss at this place. Sometimes it's perfect (crispy skin and juicy flesh) and sometimes it's not so crispy. In the past I've had the pot roast and found it to be great. Since the menu does change here, it's hard to recommend anything in particular. There are standard items though (IE: pot roast and duck) Service has always been attentive. The prices are a bit high ($11 for a vodka martini) but we've never been disappointed. There is a history to this building and it was build in 1668. That alone is enough to get any history buff to visit at least once.
Last night was my first time at the 76 House Restaurant, and it will be my last.  I was there for the "comedy show", and was unaware that in order to not pay a cover, that you HAD TO order an appetizer and an entree.  I found this out, AFTER, not before, but AFTER I had already been sitting down for a hour waiting for the rest of our guests to arrive.  Luckily, I got out of it, but I thought it was absurd.  I was drinking, and ordered a salad.  That is efficient enough. You cannot force feed someone. If management themselves were really so adamant on this rule, then the waiter should have reiterated it to us before ANYONE began to order food.  Not only that, but he was sarcastic and rude the whole night.  Oh, and I paid $7.95 for a salad that I could have made better with my eyes closed.
I loved this place!!! This is the kind of place that only exists in the east coast. First off they have table side Caesar...WTF I thought it was illegal? Then had a dry age steak and for desert and irish coffe. They also have great drinks. I had an old fashion with there house 100 proof rye and a chimay. This place is a must if you are within 20 miles of it.
Beautifully decorated rustic interior with 1700 relics.  Try and get the table next to the warm fireplace. The food is exceptional.  Came during restaurant week.  Opted for the the short rib ravioli; which was absolutely delightful.  perfectly cooked pasta, covered with caramelized onions and a warm brown gravy, topped with a dollop of cream.  Entree, they offered a buffallo steak medallion, which was also perfectly cook and delightfully seasoned with black peppercorn.   Will definitely come back.
The Old 76 House has become our go-to-place for special occasions.  The appetizers and entrees are very good.  So far everything I have had is very tasty.  The entrees are generous in portion size.  The staff there is very nice and accommodating.    Additionally,  the atmosphere is awesome.  I love that it is so old, and on the weekend, they usually have a great band or musician. Two negatives I have about the Old 76 House are the following:  I don't like the desserts here.  They aren't worth the added expense.   If it's a special occasion and you are looking to add dessert, treat yourself to something else.  The other minor issue is that they always mix up my reservation.  They will always accommodate me, but my name is NEVER on the list despite that I call and talk to someone...well, not always but two out of two times in the last two visits.
OMG!!  You have to taste the fantastic new Thanksgiving baguette by 76 house chef, Doug Mulholland. It is better than that day after Thanksgiving sandwich!!!  I can't wait to come back again. Our server Nicole was a delight, who anticipated our every need. The colonial atmosphere added to our experience and supported my children's social studies curriculum. LOVED IT!!!
Had a great dinner here.  Sat in a cozy table for two with wing chairs near a window.  There were a couple of tables like this that I saw.  We ordered a filet mignon appetizer that was out of this world.  Tiny filet cubes on a rosemary skewer.   Beef was so tender and tasty.  I highly recommend!   Both of us liked our entrees.   Service was great and owner checked in during the meal as well.   While we were leaving they were setting up for live music so call ahead if this is or isn't your thing.    Overall great.  Will go back again.
The absolute worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant, this place is pathetic. From start to finish I was horrified and disgusted by the employees of this place. When we entered the host seemed friendly enough and sat us rather quickly, it was all downhill from there. Our "waitress" if you want to call her that was dressed in some kind of pajama top and leggings with ugg style boots, I thought this was a moderately casual place but come on she looked like she had just rolled out of bed with her outfit and head of unkempt hair all down in her face. Other than taking our order (in which she made terrible suggestions, I asked for a wheat beer recommendation and she offered a heavy dark Belgian beer with no apparent beer knowledge to speak of) I never saw her again, she seemed to be more concerned with fighting with the host?!? This is where I lost all interest in this place, I could quite clearly hear and see the waitress and host quite loudly yelling and fighting with each other just a short distance from our table. It was uncomfortable and awkward to have to witness this during my dinner. Aside from this distracting display of inappropriateness, the food was very good. Hot and delicious across the board, unfortunately my experience with the staff completely took away from the meal.   The icing on the cake was when the host came by to ask how our dinner was going, we told him everything was great (in terms of food). At the moment the absent waitress finally came by to check in and and the host made the totally unsettling remark that our waitress was the best and that we were lucky to have have her taking care of us?!?!?!? Are you kidding me, I considered that a punishment, not luck. This place needs a serious staff overhaul, they were rude, inappropriate and completely out of touch with reality.
Went here for the first time today for a late lunch/early dinner. First off, I do have the say the building is very interesting, and the historic decor throughout is a very nice touch. It's nestled in a great location, and Tappan is a wonderful little town. We had the option to eat outside in their "garden" area, which was nice. The atmosphere is what convinced me to give the 76 House two stars instead of one. Unfortunately, that was the only real good part of the meal. As I said, we were seated outside, and we received our drinks and menus almost immediately. Because we dined at an odd time, there was only one other table of guests in the restaurant, so I expected service to remain this speedy. Unfortunately, this was not the case. After dropping off our drinks and menus, it took our waiter a full half hour to return for our orders. Honestly, had we not already ordered two glasses of wine, I would have walked out at this point. Once they finally took our order, the food took so long to come out that we actually had to flag down our waiter twice and ask if they'd forgotten about us. If service is this bad when the restaurant is almost empty, I would hate to see what it's like on a bustling night. The food itself was okay. Both of us ordered the Atlantic salmon terrine, which came with vegetables and rice. The vegetables were so doused with butter that you could barely taste them, and the sauce on the fish was overpowering. It wasn't bad per se, but I expected much better quality for the prices they charge. Overall, the menu has a nice variety, but I think most of the dishes seem a little overpriced for the area. After dropping off our entrees, the waiter disappeared again. We actually had to get up and look for him when he didn't return with our check. When we approached him, he insisted up and down that he'd already left the check on our table, which he had not. When he finally realized he was wrong, we did not even get an apology. It's a shame because I really wanted to like this place, given its rich history and great location. Unless the service and food improve, though, I would not spend the money to go back here.
I wanted to like this place. I really did. I love history and this place is filled with it, as the sign outside will tell you. It's supposedly the oldest, or one of the oldest, taverns in NY and played a prominent part in the American Revolution. British spy John Andre was imprisoned here during the war! Washington drank here! The place is really nice--old/rustic-looking with a warm feel to it. However, the food and the prices were just really disappointing. My wife and I wouldn't have been so upset with the place if the prices weren't astronomical (relatively speaking). I think the problem with the 76 House is that it's trying to be something it's not. It's trying to be an upscale restaurant, but the menu and the quality of the food don't justify that, or its wannabe-upscale prices. If this place stuck to typical tavern/American fare such as simple burgers, steaks, etc. with acceptable prices they could really have something special. As it is, however, it is a colossal disappointment.
This review is for brunch only. If you want  cold food and an overpriced brunch, than come here. This was the worst brunch I've ever had. Over $60 for two and we had just gotten there when they started brunch. Everything was ICE COLD. I will never come back to this horrible place again. What a waste of money for sub par food that's not even hot and completely over priced.
I went last night with 2 other people. We had a fantastic dining experience. From the moment we walked in, everyone we encountered was friendly and welcoming. Our server was excellent. My escargot appetizer was a very generous portion and tasted great. I had lemon pepper shrimp w rice, as did my brother, and we both loved it. The sun dried tomatoes with it were fresh and of high quality. My wife loved her short ribs and even mentioned them again the next day. Unfortunately we were too full for dessert but I know from prior visits the apple crisp is great. It's such a great atmosphere there and they often have live entertainment.
I love this place! Favorite nice restaurant to go to when I'm home. Such a cool old atmosphere. Interesting take on American food. So good. Overall a great experience
I'm really sad to see some negative reviews on here so I had to give mine. I went here for the first time not too long ago and the food was AMAZING! Everything we got was of really good quality and tasted great. The service was outstanding. It is a little pricey but it's worth it for the quality of food you're getting. Very cute for a "date night".
I have been here a few times but not lately until today. I remember this place having a decent Sunday brunch, but not anymore. This was the worst dining experience that I have ever had, the Sunday brunch buffet, the food was ice cold, all the buffet pans were dried up and some were totally empty even after checking half hour later. Besides the food  being cold, it was awful, the "carving station"  had a small cold turkey breast and a small piece of pork loin that was as hard as the wood pillars holding this place up. Even the soda was watered down and flat. The only thing I ate after trying It was the mashed potatoes and some cranberry sauce. The soda tasted very watered down and the water at the table even had a funky taste. Hey had a small 3 piece band that was so loud, I asked to be seated as far away from them as possible. The service was also awful, we were seated and someone bought us our drinks but after that we did not see anyone and were not checked on until we were longing for the check and were dying to leave. Ambiance was great. $61.00 for crap.
I appreciate the chef's commitment to taking risks in his or her menu. The noise level can sometimes be irritating, especially when there are live bands in the bar area.  I've always been happy with their game selections, in fact I believe that I arrive at the restaurant eager for just those.
Gorgeous restaurant with good food - absolutely something to check out. The historical feeling of the place is truly remarkable. They respect the history too, and celebrate it appropriately without it being touristy or cheesy in any way. We were disappointed to learn upon arrival that the Hudson Valley Restaurant Week website was wrong, and they didn't have the pre-fixed menu on Saturday nights. We were glad that we stayed anyway. Our waitress was pretty terrible, but the rest of the staff ranged from great to exceptional. Our waitress barely spoke English, got my order wrong (I'm fairly certain it was her rather than the kitchen that caused in my way-overcooked steak), took forever to get to our table in the first place, and didn't check back with us even once after the food was delivered. However, everyone else was attentive, filling glasses constantly, service of our meals was shockingly fast, and another waiter even stopped by to chat enthusiastically about the restaurant. The manager also came by and seemed genuinely interested in our experience. The food overall was good - some of it terrific, some of it fair. His pork chop was really good with an apple/raisin/apricot marmalade that was fairly awesome. Huge too. My '76 Steak Frite was pretty good, tender, but not something I'd go out of my way for as it was under-seasoned and overcooked. Paired with frizzled onions, garlic mashed potatoes, and decent creamed spinach, it was a sizable meal. In my eyes, the highlight of the meal was the chocolate ganache layer cake. FOODGASM! Picture a big Ring Ding, beautifully presented. YUM. It wasn't overly sweet but completely satisfying. Make sure you share it - we couldn't finish ours! Live music every night!
My husband and I dined there today and had a very enjoyable experience. The historic atmosphere was pleasing and romantic, but not overwhelming. We sat near the bar and fireplace which was delightful on this cold winter's day. Since it was our first time there, we shared the ceasar salad which was beautifully prepared table-side and flavored well. For our main courses, my husband enjoyed the Steak Frites, which were good but not extraordinary. I ordered the Veal Schnitzel with  Hunter Sauce, Speitzel and Red Cabbage and it was phenomenal. The best I've had. I have to say I expected ordinary tavern food given the historic reputation of the restaurant and was very pleasantly surprised. The only disappointment was the sporadic service. Our waitress drifted away in the second half of our meal, while she had been very attentive during the first half. I believe it was because she was watching the St Patricks Day parade and lost track of her guests. Regardless of the sporadic service, we had a wonderful time and excellent meal.
I had dinner last night at the 76 House and it was awesome! I had the fish special which was red snapper crusted with crab meat on top of coconut risotto. Flavors exceptionally well balanced and the  fish cooked to perfection (moist and fresh). The place was packed but service was attentive and professional and our waiter shared his extensive knowledge of both the menu and the wine list. It was like dining in Manhattan for half the price. I highly recommend this historic tavern.
Great food inconsistent service and an atmosphere that makes you wish you were there in 1776... This is exactly the charm of this place When I was in High School, a history teacher used to show these educational video called "You are there" which interestingly were hosted by Walter Cronkite. He acted as an eyewitness to great moments in history and with really bad acting and even worse special effects tried to make you feel you were a first-person observer of things as they were going on. I sort of have that feeling about this restaurant. It makes me wish I was there during the American Revolution sitting around with George Washington and the continental army as they planned and organized the tactics and strategies they would use to liberate us from the tyrannical British Empire to achieve our independence. It also would have been fun to watch them get drunk off their asses and hear George Washington complain about how Martha was nagging him to get this war over with! LOL So if you ever wished you could be somewhere at a moment in history and have a great meal at the same time, this place gives you that chance. Here's the breakdown: Food: 4 and a half stars: For our entrees my gf had the 76 steak while I had the pork chop in an apple marmalade. The Pork chop was outstanding. The pork chop was juicy, perfectly cooked, well seasoned and a huge portion. The Marmalade was dare I say Orgasmic! The apples and raisins were paired with apricots which I felt added a subtle sweetness to the dish without taking away from the apples. The fruit itself was lasciviously covered in a cinnamon apple style marmalade which was incredibly sweet yet complex. It takes pork chops and applesauce to a whole new level. By far the best sauce I have ever had on any dish at any restaurant! Will be tough to beat The mashed potatoes that came with it were a disappointment. They were ok but nothing to write home about. My girlfriend's 76 steak frites was good but a little underwhelming. They used a hint of clove in the spice rub which was unique and added flavor to the dish but it was overcooked Service: 3 and a half stars: Service was very inconsistent. The hostess was extremely friendly and amiable but the waitress was poor in a lot of respects. She took too long to take our order and she didn't seem to know what she was doing. It kind of spoiled the evening a little bit. The food however was served very quickly Other members of the staff were extremely friendly and amicable. They all seemed to take pride in the restaurant Atmosphere: 5 stars. One of the most amazing atmospheres I have ever encountered in a restaurant. It is half tavern, half romantic restaurant. The inside is adorned with all sorts of artifacts of early colonial America. Normally this would come across as tacky and cheap but here it is classy and elegant. This is a place that embraces its history and really makes the atmosphere come alive like a living museum. It's quaint and charming
Located less than 25 miles from Times Square in the suburb of Tappan, NY, is the Old '76 House. I recently went to a beer dinner hosted by Samuel Adams at the Old '76 House, and I was in for a treat! The Old '76 House is a bar and restaurant with a great deal of history surrounding it. Originally built in 1668 as a tavern, this location played a crucial role in the Revolutionary War. Generals including George Washington drank at the bar here, which has not been refurbished since it opened. Our night started out with a Sam Adams Octoberfest at the 200+ year old bar. I was especially amazed with the fact that the bar hasn't been refurbished -- you can see the wood post worn away over the years -- and I couldn't help but think that Georgie boy was there having a drink with me in spirit. After a cocktail hour, we sat down at the table for a fantastic dinner prepared by head chef Doug Mulholland. The tables were piled high with Sam Adams goodies thanks to the Sam Adams Sales Manager for the Metro NY area. Our first course was "Grilled Loins of Texas Deer with Apple Cranberry Relish" -- I enjoyed the fact that I was eating deer, which I haven't ever tried before. The meat was incredibly tender and the cranberry relish gave it a sweet note that I wasn't expecting. The course was paired with Sam Adams Boston Lager, which accompanied it nicely with its rich complex taste. The second course, "Phylo of Sherry Braised Shrimp and Lobster" was my personal favorite! The phylo dough wrapping was delicious and mixed incredibly well with the sauce, accompanying the Shrimp and Lobster with a very nice texture almost like Chicken Pot Pie crust. My only regret is that there wasn't more! Paired with Sam Adams Hefeweizen, this was going to be hard to top! The third course, "Salad of Arrugula and Shaved Red Onions" was good, but I'm not a huge crumbly bleu fan, and so that threw me off a little bit. I did enjoy the fact that the Sam Adams Light went really well with the salad, however. Fourth on the list was a "Roast Sliced Tenderloin of Beef" and this course fought for the top spot with the Shrimp and Lobster course. I loved the butternut squash that accompanied this dish, because it balanced the course well with its added sweetness. I cut the beef with my fork and never looked back, taking in all the flavor that went into this excellent course. Paired with the Sam Adams Octoberfest, the caramel flavor of the beer popped out in combination with the beef. Finally, our dessert was a "Baby Chocolate Ganache Layer Cake with Fresh Rasberry Coullis" which was perfect with the Sam Adams Cherry Wheat! The cake was very rich and needed the raspberry sauce to balance it out, but even better balance was the intense cherry flavor in the Cherry Wheat that meshed perfectly with the intense chocolate of the cake. The laid back yet classy atmosphere of the Old '76 House is one that I enjoyed so much that I'll be coming back again very soon. After dinner, we spent time at the bar listening to a Brazilian guy (can't remember his name) play mellow guitar covers of classic rock songs, which was really fun! I stumbled into a secret door on the back wall of the restaurant that I could have sworn Georgie boy was hanging out in, and we finally wrapped up around 4 hours after beginning. What a great night!
I'm not sure how many stars to give this place, the food is a 4, but I'm a history buff (especially Colonial American Times) so I want to give it a 5...and that's my gut reaction. If you've never been you'll get a nice little history lesson. You'll hear where Andre the spy was kept, told where he was tried and hanged. You'll see Washington's old wine cellar. It's just a fantastic place! Ok, so I've never had a problem with the food, it's delicious. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the French Onion soup....a must try!
All right. I'm a little biased cause I got married here. I love the ambiance, I love the food (we still go regularly for their AMAZING Thanksgiving prix-fix dinner) and they have a great, relaxing bar atmosphere. There really isn't anything I don't like about this place, lol
When DH and I were scooping out this area as our potential hometown we had to try the restaurants. We decided to come here based on how cute it was on the outside and the inside did not disappoint either. Our waiter was a friendly guy around our age who on telling that we were thinking of buying a house in the area went into a 25 minute discussion with us on the town like he was running for mayor. In all seriousness it was extremely helpful in making our decision. But back to the actual restaurant, I had a swordfish special with a pesto/cherry tomato sauce with a rice pilaf and DH had the pork chop with mashed potatoes which wasn't his style but I really enoyed it. As a starter we shared a Caesar salad which was really tasty and nicely prepared in front of your table. It has great historical background that you can pick up from the menu and we can't wait to come here for many years to come!
My friends and I were in the area last weekend and we were looking for a nice place to have dinner, but not have to sacrifice a kidney to do so. There were a couple of options, but I ended up casting the deciding vote for the 76 House. And while the food wasn't bad, it wasn't that good either and given the price, we were left feeling that we didn't really accomplish our goal of good food for a reasonable price. Before I get too far into the review itself, a word for all restaurants who experiment with ostrich: don't. I've tried ostrich at a few places now, always hoping that they'll get it right (ie, not tough and dry), but I've yet to see it happen. In fairness, I certainly couldn't do a good job with it, but the fact remains that they can't either. I decided to try their ostrich appetizer, served with caramelized onions and a red wine demi sauce. The meat looked like sliced fillet and was dry and chewy. Though even if this was cooked perfectly, it wouldn't have worked because the sauce wasn't quite right either. It was bland and too sweet at the same time. While we're on the subject of things to avoid, the hazelnut torte for dessert was not good and the rolls seemed like they were microwaved to simulate fresh-out-of-the-oven-ness (after a few minutes, they became like rocks the way rolls do when you mic them). There were good points too: the rack of lamb was very good, rubbed with mustard and rosemary and grilled; the red cabbage that came with the pot roast; and the ceasar salad made tableside. Tastes of my friends' vichysoisse and french onion soup left me wanting more as well. I found the service to be very friendly, prompt and thoughtful and the decor - low beam oak revolutionary war style - was warm and inviting. Long story short, it's OK. Not great for the price, and I don't think I would necessarily go back, but you can get a good meal here (just don't get the ostrich).
Horrible brunch,  cold food,  overpriced. Not worth coming here at all, I don't care how historic or rustic it is. Save your money and go to a place that serves hot food.
Fabulous Restuarant that really impressed my clients. We started with the Wild Boar Sausage and the Filet Mignon Rosmary Skewers and both were great. They were cooked well with wonderful flavor. We had a large variety of main dishes since we were a large group and no one had any complaints. We finished off with some amazing house made desserts and they were heavenly. I would suggest this place for anyone lookinfg for a consistantly good meal.
Better late than never. I went here for my bday with some family and friends. As a fan of the American Revolution, I had to check this place out.  he '76 House was often used during the American Revolutionary War. Through its long use as a meeting place for patriots, the '76 House established itself as safe ground for Americans in the midst of the revolution, and also served as the "prison" of the Revolution's most notorious spy (as denoted by the site's historical marker), Major John André. So we went, we dined,we loved......  Everything was delicious. I had the Bison steak (long live the Bison!!) with a glass of Sam Adams. Yes it's kinda of up there in price, but I felt it was well worth it. A true American gem.
The 76 House is a great find.  I would almost call it a "restaurant museum". Famous for being the oldest bar in the country....the novelty and history is just awesome.  With the knowledge that the Constitution was partly written at the bar which actually has the original structure, along with all of the artifacts,  makes the visit special unto itself. The menu has many options that I wanted to try, and we were quite satisfied with our choices.  The service was ok. We also enjoyed the free live music and overall the experience made our "date night" extra special. We will definitely return.
Came here for a lunch after picking the place out of a local magazine and left happy. The food was great, tasty and hot with lots of fries and served with a smile.  Nice spacing helped make our meal seemed a bit more relaxed, which is always nice.   The only thing I didn't like was the fact that there were a few flies in the corner that kept buzzing us. The woodwork and colonial aspects in the decorating help preserve the historic feel of the tavern, which is excellent.
We went here to celebrate two family birthdays on a Sunday with 7 people. It happened that it was also Hudson Valley Restaurant week so we ordered off of that menu. Several members of our party ordered a lobster risotto dish which was risotto in name only. What was served was in fact merely white rice mixed with a minimal amount of lobster that barely imparted any flavor to the dish. Additionally,  we found a very long hair in the butter which we promptly informed the hostess of. Never once did she apologize for the "hairy butter" but only took it away and brought another. The food was not worth the visit. It was overpriced for what you got plus it was not what it was listed as on the menu. There are too many other good places around to frequent than being disappointed at this restaurant. The only thing the 76 House has going for them is the space it is located in.
This place is great, especially if you have an appreciation for American history.  It is amazing to think of all the people who have been through their doors over the past 200+ years.   The food is a perfect rustic compliment to the atmosphere.  The menu has a vide variety of choices from steaks and burgers to French and other European classics.  The price value varies depending on what time of the day you go to eat.  The lunch menu is extremely affordable, the dinner menu is pricier but the food quality is there to match. All in all this is a fantastic spot for a date, family dinner, or just a get together with friends.  Highly recommended.
Food was very tasty. Service was quick and attentive. Being a Sunday evening the restaurant was not full but well attended. The desert was excellent. The fact that this place had been in existence since 1755 gave it added charm. We did not try any of the specials but they all sounded very enticing.
Historical 76 house has a very good classic menu. Food and drink were good. Service was good and helpful. Ambiance was great. But nothing really makes it special. The one cool thing was hearing all the ghost stories about the location.
Where do I begin? I'm a huge History buff and a huge foodie. This place is a perfect mix of both American History and good cooking!  For those of you who do not know... This area of the Hudson River Valley is filled with some of the most important history during the Revolutionary War. George Washington used to come by these parts and actually stayed down the street during the trial of Andre Hall. This building has been around since then and GW was there himself! Placed in a historic barn type wooden historic setting, the 76 house is like eating in a museum. Good service. Good food. Good prices. Try the wild boar appetizer! So yummy!
I recently hosted a bridal shower brunch here and was a little disappointed.  When I initially called the '76 House and spoke with them about hosting a brunch, etc. they made it seem as if there would be a lot more stations and food available than there actually was.  Don't get me wrong, they had a decent spread, but I've been to brunches that have had more to offer for a more competitive price.  The omelets were super runny inside and the meat from the carving station only tasted edible with the aid of A1 sauce (and everyone knows that is a meat no-no).  There was only one dessert available (apple crisp).  Over all though the food quality was decent and my mimosa glass was rarely less than half full (but honestly, it was mostly OJ).   However, there were a few things that occurred when bill time came around that left a pretty bad taste in my mouth, which is why they are only getting 2 stars instead of 3.  First of all, I was told that if I were to pay credit card for my bill I would be charged an additional 3% (hello IRS.. someone is hiding some money).  Second, I was charged an additional $1.50 per person for them to cut the cake that I bought - if this had been made clear I would have cut it myself and served it on paper plates, but for $30 a head I would assume you could throw me a bone and cut the cake for me and actually earn your gratuity considering we served ourselves the entire time (it's a buffet, thanks for clearing our plates?).  Third, the $100 deposit that I put down to reserve the space was missing from the bill ("Oops we are so sorry!"  Riiiiiight).  If that wasn't spotted they would have ran off with even more of my money. Also, it was hot as balls in there.  Thanks for turning on the A/C. *** P.S. If you scroll to the bottom there are SIX "filtered" reviews which are not factored into the star averaging for this restaurant.  Most of them are 1 stars (click on the link for "6 filtered" and read).  Something is fishy.
This place is a hidden gem!  I just had my wedding here recently and it was fabulous!  What a magical night, thanks to Robert Norden and his friendly staff.  Our ceremony took place in the front room in front of the big fireplace.  It was truly romantic.  Our reception was held in the "Andre Room".  Our guests raved about the food and cozy atmosphere.  No banquet-hall, tasteless meal or tacky carpets here.  The decor is full of antiques and original wood-plank floors, "rustic chic".  All the food was incredible and we had many compliments on the roasted duck and filet mignon.  I believe I may have even caught a glimpse of the ghost who likes to sit at "table #2"!  I felt privileged to be able to have my wedding at this wonderful, historical landmark where George Washington has dined, and for such affordable rates!  I've also had dinner and brunch here on days when it wasn't my wedding, and it's always great!!  Thank you Robert and the 76 House!  So glad we chose you to host the most important night of our lives! PS...I have to add, to the person who thinks that just because someone is charging less if you pay cash, they must be hiding something from the IRS?  Hello?  Just like gas stations sometimes offer a discount if you pay cash, it's because credit card banks charge an arm and a leg to vendors in order to let them accept credit cards.   Get a clue.  It's really irresponsible to make such accusations (and bad karma, too!) I love the 76 House!
What a nice place in a small town!  We were greeted and seated early for our reservation and the atmosphere was casual and comfortable.  The menu is upscale with some unusual dishes (you can check out their website for the menu although the menu on the night I went was different than the menu on the website but you can get a sense of their style).  Our group would recommend the butternut squash raviolis, the ceasar salad (made table side), and the lobster mac and cheese.  The lobster mac and cheese really was the best dish there in our opinion.  We did not like the steak frites but the crabcakes were ok.  Overall the food was very good (about $150 for 4 people with wine, 3 entrees, 3 appetizers) but the waitress was never around and it took a long time to try to get her to come over and give us the bill!  We would go back though despite the service!
Despite my recommendations for other venues, the family member paying the bill for our party of 12 for a birthday celebration wanted to go here for brunch on a recent Sunday. Really, I should give it one star, except the servers were very nice.... The brunch just stunk. The room where the selections were was very very hot - and the food selection was below mediocre. The only thing I ate was some beet salad (and not a very good one), roasted vegetables, lox (didn't even have a mediocre bagel), capers and onions (no tomato), and some fruit. The hot dishes were awful - dried out chicken, salmon, pasta, pot roast - and the only dessert was an apple brown betty that looked like it had come straight from a can with some crumble thrown on top. A very heavily dressed Caesar salad, some greens from a bag - no other vegetable selections, no whole grains. The coffee was lukewarm, and in the creamers on the table was - milk! I had to request cream. Yuck.  Pretty place though if you like the colonial look. Oh, and there was a band playing beyond the wall behind our table, no idea what was going on there - but it made it rather hard to hear one another.
Give this place another 5 star review.  Found 76 House via Yelp and fell in love with it on our first visit.  The decor feels like you're in Colonial Williamsburg so take it for what it's worth.  The food is wonderful and the wait staff attentive and super friendly.  I asked about their seafood and the owner, Rob, came over to talk about it.  He loves what he does and it shows in all the details.  This is our new favorite restaurant and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new place to dine.
I went to The '76 House for brunch on a Sunday and I was not disappointed. For around $30 (usually it's $25 but we opted to get the limited mimosas) you get a brunch buffet which included poached eggs, bagels, bacon, sausage, an omlette station, waffles and more. You can also get lunch and when I went they had a mini carving station with turkey and beef, salmon, pasta, roast beef, mashed potatoes, as well as desserts. We were there for a few hours eating breakfast first and then lunch -- for one price you get two meals, can't really beat that. They are pretty good with refilling your drinks, even when my mimosa was half way, I still automatically got a refill; the same goes for the water. I also liked that we were never rushed -- not sure if that's because no one was waiting for a table -- but it's nice to be able to take your time and eat, without feeling like you have to get outta there in a hurry. The decor is nice, it's very rustic and historical. Super cozy for those cold days. I've only been here for brunch so I'm not sure how it's like during dinner time. My party didn't have to wait for a table at all and the waiters were pretty attentive. Highly reccommended if you want a laid back brunch wiht a few friends.
Don't wait for a special occasion to come here for dinner.  The food is always good the atmosphere is casual. On the regular menu we love the duck and always have the freshly prepared (at your table) Caesar salad.  Most of the time there are specials that keep me from even opening the menu.
Went there because ive been sick it was the first time i could go out to dinner in two months, what a horrible experience the food was awful tasteless and doused in mushroom sauce.  My husband's dinner the pot roast was terrible the food was lukewarm at best.  Needless to say the meal made a quick exit as soon as I got home.  Never again.  Also it was too expensive.
We went to the 76 house a month or so ago and were very pleased with our meal.  This time however the food was just not good.  Tasted like something prepared in a high school cafeteria.  From their signature Chicken Cordon Blue to the Seafood Platter, everything was just bland and poorly prepared.  For these prices I would never return.  The atmosphere is cool (Gearoge Washington actually ate here) but it's not that impressive that it makes up for the poor quality food.  Next time I want food of this quality I will go to the local diner and pay a fraction of the price.
The 76 House was great.  Rob, the owner, is an awesome guy and really helped me out of a small dilemma.  My 30th bday was all planned for a café in Nyack when a conversation with the owner of this place went sour quickly 5 days before the party..... So I had to find another place in a pinch that could hold about 30 people on a SATURDAY night with short notice...Well Ron responded to my email quickly, worked with me and was extremely accommodating.  The service was great and the food wonderful... 26 people ate and 26 gave great reviews! Everyone enjoy the food & atmosphere.  Even a friend of mine who is an extremely picky eater cleaned his plate and wants to go back. He had the 76' Steak Frite, I had a taste too, cooked perfectly.  I had the baked salmon terrine which was so flavorful.   I will begin culinary school in June and Rob was nice enough to take me on a tour of the kitchen, I met the chef Doug, really nice and funny guy.  Great night, great place, I will defiantly go again.
This place is a real gem in a direct area with few upscale dinner options. Historical riff-raff aside the 76 house has great tasting colonial menu choices and a great bar/drinks menu. Not much for music but they usually have someone playing guitar. Place is a bit pricey, but well worth the unique menu and good food. Chesapeake crab cakes were great, as were the red deer medallions.
Staying in the area for work and looking for a nice dinner - music was an added bonus!  Walked in and from start to finish we were made to feel like family!  Loved it so much ended up moving to bar area to listen to music and stayed until close - Definitely Recommend!!!!
The brunch was not good.  Food all tasted the same and pricey. I  will say I've liked it here in past for dinner. Atmosphere is great and staff were very nice.
This place made me so physically ill I thought something was eating out my internals. I went for a weekend brunch and I think someone in the kitchen misplaced his civil war gunpowder in my food. George Washington would be disappointed to have this near his head quarters.
My boyfriend and I love the '76 House. We come here for a lot of our special occassions and celebrations - it is a really warm and cozy environment. The food has always been really amazing (last time I had duck with strawberry glaze and it was so delicious!) and we love the ambience. Couldn't ask for a better restaurant!
Great food, excellent ambience  there is a coziness to it. The service was excellent.
Really good crab cakes, great steak frites. This place actually seasons the meat as opposed to dumping a flavored compound butter as a substitute. Beautiful architecture, and nice moody lighting. My only complaint would be the dessert, then again VERY few do this right if you ask me. However in this case the creme brulee was in all ways over cooked, and just plain wrong. Overall though, the meal was great, and that's what I came for, so well done.
This was our first visit. This is a fun, friendly place.  As soon as we walked in, you could feel the energy.  It becomes quite clear the staff enjoys working here. Service was wonderful.  Our waitress spent a lot of time explaining wine choices and dinner items to us.  Her recommendations-on the money. My friend had tuna, cooked perfectly.  I had steak-great flavor and just how I ordered it.  We had stuffed clams.  Wonderful. I will come back here again and again.
Showed up around 3:00 (they were closed for a break before dinner).  They told us we were welcome to come in and order anyway.  We sat at the bar and ordered the filet mignon to share.  They cooked it perfectly, split it on 2 plates and the chef came out to see if everything was cooked to our liking.  The restaurant had a warm friendly atmosphere and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating.  I will definitely be going back.
I'm visiting in the area and was taken to the restaurant last night by some locals. I loved it. The atmosphere and the history alone were worth the price of admission. I had the Yankee Pot Roast and it was delicious. I kept marveling at a load bearing post nearby that had been hand hewn with an axe almost 400 years ago, not to mention the fact that George Washington (among others) had spent time in the very same tavern. And all of you one and two-star people. -  lighten up.
We went for brunch this past Sunday on a gift certificate that we won in a raffle.  An interesting venue for sure, and friendly service...but if you are looking for great brunch food, best go somewhere else.  The brunch at 76 house consists of buffet trays of mediocre lukewarm food.   There was an omelet station, but with very limited choices of ingredients.   I would never pay $25 for this brunch.
Interesting place, food is quite good. Brunch is great.
Unfortunately, we had a second unpleasant experience here, which is a shame given the "historic" setting -- it seemed characterized by the kind of rush 'em in and rush 'em out service you get in the money-grubbing sorts of eateries. Considering that one of our party is elderly we were subjected to way too much jostling. The food was only mediocre. Fortunately, the charming village area this place is located in offers several restaurants. Living in the area, we will try those and give up on this one.
As soon as you come into the historic town of Tappan, you must go back in time by having dinner at the 76 House. While dining among so much history, you will enjoy good food. They offer private rooms for parties and gatherings. If you check their website, you can get a list of dates for some good entertainment. I also love going there in the Fall and Winter because it offers such a cozy atmosphere.
Decent but not outstanding food and reasonably good service but go for the atmosphere-the revolutionary era building where history transpired. There is a moderately priced lunch menu with the more substantially priced dinner menu available all day and offering heartier fare like roast duck and yankee pot roast. There is a Sunday buffet brunch which I have not had in many years.
The 76 House is the best of the best! Especially during Holiday season you must go to take in the ambiance and beauty of days gone by and preserved in their original beauty. You can feel the history as you first walk in and always expect to see Rob Norden the owner ready to greet you like you have been there many times before-even on first time! He will be glad to give you some history and great ghost stories to enhance your time. The wait staff all professional and courteous and you will always get the utmost attention that you need. For dinner my wife and I always order the incredible and large filet mignon (probably depriving us of so many other great items- but its what we love!) that melts in your mouth and cuts like a warm knife through butter. We have other family members that also frequent the 76 House and love the Yankee Pot Roast and Roast Duck as well. The French Onion soup also exceptional- so expect whatever you order to be same. There has never been a bad experience and I have been taking my wife here since 1974 and will be celebrating anniversary # 29 here in Feb. What can we say- you have to come here-its the best and worth every dollar. Raise a glass to the 76 House ( both literally and personally!!).
OMG! I found this place via Yelp and it is great!!!.  I was looking for a location to hold my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding and decided to go visit this place.  I can't tell you how great the owner and the staff were in showing me what was available space and menu wise for my party and reassuring me what a great party it will be.  Based on their attention to detail I have no doubt it will be.   On the date of my visit I had brunch and the food was fabulous and plentiful.  The atmosphere was spectacular and full of history and charm.   I am sure the party is going to be great and will update this review afterwards.  Thank you '76 house!
I've never had a full meal here, but it gets five stars for a wonderful atmosphere, great service and delicious deserts!  Perfect place to go on a cold winter's night..
This classic gem maintains its hold as the absolute best restaurant in the Hudson Valley for food and ambiance/history etc.. We have been coming back year after year and even so if a dinner was sub par-it would be rated as such. That has never been the problem here and a good experience deserves a good review as we know because things can change from year to year. But NOT the 76 House! My wife and I just celebrated our 31st anniversary there and as usual were warmly greeted by Rob the owner who has never failed to make us feel welcome and wanted and cared for. His welcoming smile will let you know you are in for a total dining experience par excellance! It was a perfect 76 House night cold and some snow flakes coming and that always makes it a perfect scenario with all the warmth that Rob and his staff and the interior provide. It beckons like back in 1776 providing comfort and warmth and good food on a cold night for those seeking it. We were served by an attentive and knowledgable and friendly server named David whom we have had before who was excellent  and busy from table to table the entire night. The other servers never let our water get low and ask if we needed more bread-very impressive and smiles all around. Its the "little things " like that making you feel wanted all night long and thats far from the norm in fine dining these days. We were seated at a special table # 12 and I recommend it for 2 as the best for a more intimate feeling. We have sat in now 3 areas of the 76 House and the only drawback was a bit too intimate and we could not view the fireplaces but still a nice change at Robs recommendation. The food was exquisite and starting with some fresh warm rolls but from there we had the best french onion soup cooked exactly as requested with extra cheese and crisp and came out looking almost as delicious as it tasted. A classic start and filling off the bat. Then we got our filet mignons and these were nice large cuts-and again done to medium well perfection and heaven melting in your mouth without even chewing! The potatoes-carrots and broccoli side was a tasty compliment just enough to allow you to fully savor the main filet. Kudos to Chef Doug for providing an explosion of flavors and seasonings in our mouths from the first sip of the french onion soup! Glasses of white Zinfendel make it all so much better and then for dessert the cheesecake with blueberries- just incredible! A perfect night from start to finish and as we have been here before through the years this was our BEST DINNER AND SERVICE EVER! Worth every dollar you dont even care it was just so good and Rob was connstantly stopping by to say hello and ask how things were and just to even joke a bit because my wife and I had to share the dessert-it was plenty large enough. The restaurant and staff exude class and the crowd is always a very cultured yet not "snobbish" in any way  and fine group that inhabit the restaurant and IT DESERVES IT! The piano playing added that extra level of fine dining and a warm feeling. You will feel comfortable no matter your taste in environments. I always "suit up" but you dont have to-thats your call after all I am old school 58 and feel that in my own way it shows "respect" for being there. Thats just me. For that special memorable night for whatever reason this has been for many years and always will maintain being the place to go. The beauty and history of the 76 House needs no explanation it is the most warming place to eat in and you can feel yourself among its many honored guests...opps I mean ghosts ( oh yeah they are here!) of its past in a warm and welcoming way.
My husband asked me to marry him one wonderful evening in feb. of '89 - it was romantic, couldn't care about the food.  someone was playing autumn in NY on the piano - it was magical.
Took them 10 minutes to realize we didnt have menus. Ordered the pizza w/ fresh mozzarella & balsamic glaze. No joke we got frozen pizza drizzled with balsamic glaze. The chicken guillo's was the worst chicken dish I ever ordered. The rice that came with meal was a mushy minute rice. Go eat at  burger king the food is better this review is for guilds
