I haven't been that far uptown in a while and was thinking, ughhh it's such a schlep before I went. It was a little bit of a hike but as I always say when I'm on a train ride that's relatively long (like the few times I go to BK or Hoboken), I get so caught up in my conversation with whoever I'm talking to or in my music that it goes by fast. Anyways, went to Smoke to see Joe Locke (joelocke.com, check him out, he's INCREDIBLE) My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine because otherwise it was a bit pricey for her low paying job and my non existent paying job. It's a dimly lit room with many small tables all connected as well as a bar with stools. The waiter was young and really nice. When he brought our bottle over to us, my friend immediately said "is that a twist off?" he said yes and laughed. The owner said that most Sauvignon Blancs are now twist offs. But that sound is just so fun, even if you have a hard time opening bottles (cough, me). The sound in the room was fantastic because it was so intimate and so cozy. I'm not a jazz fan, not that I don't like it, I just don't spend time with it but wow, Joe is so fantastic and we just had such a good time there. I highly recommend it especially if you're a jazz fan. We had already eaten but the food looked/smelled delicious!
This place has dim lighting, a romantic vibe, and solid jazz. Definitely a great place for a date. I couldn't wrap my head around the stage though. It was tiny, with a large column in the middle! With a bar like this, you'd think they'd give the musicians a comfortable space to work with.
I walked in on a Tuesday around 6:30 to sit at the bar with my companion. After a dreary, rainy day inside the office, it was quite nice to be enveloped in a lushly dark and velvety jazz spot.   We were lucky walk-ins who quickly discovered that it's wise to get reservations because the joint quickly filled up for the 7pm jazz set. There was no cover charge, but I believe you have to spend a minimum of $20 per person, which is quite reasonable. I had a nice Napa syrah ($9) and a coq au vin (less than $25?). There is a prix fixe menu that includes a dessert for $29 but that would've been too much food for me. Service was fantastic. The performers were highly gracious and open to chatting with the dining audience. I'm a casual jazz listener, but I enjoyed the performance thoroughly. so I'll be on the look out for more live music. . Highly recommend for a romantic date.
I absolutely loved this little jazz dinner club for it's music, decor, wine and romantic ambiance.  We saw the Orrin Evans Quintet who were absolutely amazing.  The music filled the room beautifully.  We were cozied up at a back table but still felt like the band was playing just for us (the place is really small so there really isn't a bad seat...unless you're one of the few people who didn't have a seat and stood hovering over another party's table).  We ordered a wonderful bottle of wine which the server presented very nicely.  We even ordered little calamari (we didn't know how little till we got it).  The set was short (1 hr), but worth every minute. My only disappointment with Smoke is that they didn't honor their Yelp check-in deal - 1 free dessert with purchase.  We presented it to our waitress and she ran it by the owner and told us, "No, you can't use the Yelp discount." We certainly purchased plenty ($60 tix...$50 wine...$13 Calamari).  We checked in.  There was no reason to turn it down :( But I seriously did not let that ruin my night.  I enjoyed every note, but most likely not return to Smoke.  I think there are so many other Jazz spots that are more laid back.
As far as Jazz clubs go, I think this is the best. It's also a hangout for the great talents who created the genre. I went there more than a year ago the first time. The first set was good jazz. For some reason I happened to stay long enough to hear the beginning of the second set and just had to stay! It was the great George Coleman and his son - how could you not listen?? Mike at the bar is a friendly guy. He suggested I get the strip steak and so I did. It's grass fed and cooked really well. I always sit at the bar, since it's more casual, but you could also get a table if you have a group. Smoke has an old world feel. Once you're inside you're back in time. I don't know why I don't go more often. I was just there earlier this week so this review is fresh and from the second visit.
If you don't mind spending a pretty decent penny this is a great place to spend an evening. I deducted a star because the stage, along with the seating area is a bit cramped. The worst part being that there is a huge column blocking your view of the artists. It also doesn't help that the single restroom in the place is right between the stage and bar. What earned this venue four stars is the organization they showed at the door, which got everyone with a reservation a seat in their preferred location and the show started on-time. Although you are seated fairly close to your neighbor you do not feel them encroaching on your personal space. Lastly, the ambiance of the room and volume of the music set the perfect note and tone for the evening. The music was incredible, and speaking to more regular visitors the featured talent is always this good. I took my dad here for father's day. I cannot comment on the food because we had dinner somewhere else. I was disappointed that a $30 cover charge did not excuse us from the $10 minimum you have to spend in the restaurant, but we were going to have drinks anyway. The waitress was prompt and attentive, and I would be happy to come back.
I'm no jazz aficionado, so take what you will of my review. This place is a sweet jazz club.  Went for dinner and a set.  Its a smaller venue, creating an intimate and enjoyable atmosphere.  We ordered dinner as well, all of which was delicious.  We ordered dessert so we could sneak in a few minutes of the jam session, which featured a woman vocalist who was pretty smooth. This would make a great date place.
We Walked into Smoke last Night, The late Night happy Hour 12:30 am - Close  Caught my eye and the Smooth Jazz  Caught my ear. The Ambiance makes you feel like you are in an Underground Jazz Lounge in paris With the Velvet Seats and Antique Chandeliers. The late night menu was limited but the late night Happy hour is Fantastic, (4 dollar Cocktails) hand Down The Best Mojito i have ever had. Not to sweet  and just the right amount of mint.there is usually a cover for the weekends but we caught the tail end of a jazz trio performance and did not have to pay which was an extra bonus. its a bit of an older crowd but this is def a place to impress That Milf, or Cougar in your life. or you can save this for a night you want to feel a little grown and Sexy
If you haven't tried it, I recommend you do. This place was excellent, the food was great as well as the live music. My boyfriend and I had a great time there for his birthday very romantic place.
Went on a Wednesday night for a friend's bday and I was soo impressed. It's very intimate and the perfect ambience (size, decor, feel) for an authentic jazz club (if ur looking for the answer to BB King's down in Times Square then you MUST be lost). Wed. nights, the band Soul Station plays and they're a great 6-piece (I think) band. They were very Stevie Wonder heavie but isn't he great?! I loved it. The guest singer was also epic, GREAT vocals! The food....DELICIOUS. I had the seafood meatballs and to my surprise, the presentation and taste was on par to a 4-star restaurant. The entrees are definitely pricey but next time I come, I'll have to explore more of the menu. Service was also excellent...I'll be back!
A small and intimate space with red and white upholstery that complements the exposed brick walls. The stage is well lit, and the acoustics are as impressive as the talent. The food is tasty and the servers are attentive. The only thing keeping Smoke from a perfect five star rating is the touch of pretension in the air: some people were there for music and dinner; others were there because they wanted to impress those who were there for music and dinner. Furthermore, the traditional romantic vibe (ie., candles, tiny tables, etc.) discourages people from "letting loose" and consequently feels a smidgeon stifling. These are personal preferences, mind you. Ultimately, Smoke achieves what it sets out to do.
Great spot to hear jazz on a Sunday morning/afternoon, with a warm, unpretentious vibe and really good food to boot. (In all honesty, I've only had their homemade granola, but regardless it was fantastic). The service is good, and while the place is bustling, it doesn't feel overly crowded. Most importantly, I appreciate the fact that they don't charge a set fee for jazz brunch -- you just pay for what you order!
5 star service. 5 star music. 5 star food. Make reservations. Take advantage of sun-thur pre fix.
Smoke is a solid NYC jazz club.  I can't really speak to the food, as I don't think I've ever had anything more than the french fries, which are tasty.  They have a good drink selection, the service has always been good, and the space is just right for some jazz. The music and overall feel of this place are what I come for.  It's small, but not tiny, and just has a great atmosphere for live jazz.  The hammond organ nights are great, as is the SYOTOS latin jazz band on Sunday nights.  They often get some organ greats like Dr. Lonnie Smith to play, and when they do the music is definitely incredible.  Overall, if you're looking for a casual night of jazz, you'll often find what you're looking for at Smoke.
The music was quite nice, but beyond that it was a miserable experience. I had the chicken and waffles which lacked any real flavor. Our waitress was beyond rude. Every question or request was met with hostility. She was unapologetic about spilling coffee all over two of our friends and even tried to spin it like it was our fault. I'm not exaggerating when I say it was the worst service I've ever had (I even promise to update this review if I experience anything worse). We won't be back here. Anyone recommends this place is dead to me.
Found this place on Yelp doing a search for Jazz clubs and chose it because of the reviews. I don't normally choose places based on reviews, but this place definitely lives up to its rating. Inside is super comfortable and exquisite. And you get VIP treatment before you even walk in the door. My date and I were getting out of a cab and the guy at the door held the door open for us. Talk about impressive.  Then we got in there was no waiting someone showed us right to a table, but my date wanted to sit at the bar instead. They gave us no hassle whatsoever.  The place was packed, but not overcrowded. Everybody had a seat. Everyone appeared to be upperclass too - executive types, mostly white but a handful of upperclass blacks too. The music is smooth and at the perfect volume. Unlike a lot of places where musicians fumble around on stage, the musicians here didnt mess around. Very professional. And dont come in there loud talking..they will shhsh you. We made that mistake but the bartender kindly explained to us no loud talking. And WARNING: its $38 per person just to sit down, plus a $10 minimum on food & drinks. If you really like jazz and quality time, and you want to feel like a celebrity, trust me, this place is totally worth it.
Great burger and ambience. Fun music. Slightly uncomfortable seating on the benches. Kind of annoying that you're not supposed to talk during the music.
This is everything I wanted in a jazz club: good music, a good crowd, and good drinks. I came here with my best friend when she was visiting. We walked up on a Sunday night and the lady in the door asked if we wanted to hear some music. We nodded and were escorted 3 feet to a little table tucked in the back. We sat and turned to the stage and said "this is perfect." I recommend the smoke martini and the bananas foster bread pudding - delicious! I was there for the jazz. And I loved it.
Awesome jazz, the live band was fantastic! Reasonably priced. Food could use some improvement. Great ambience! Will definitely return.
Awesome music, older crowd, clean restrooms. I liked my drink but my friends didn't (and they drink more than me).
This place is a bit pricey, but I felt that it was worth the price. Truly one of my favorite dining experiences. Do not come here expecting to hear jazz music as you have a meal and converse with your date; this place is about the jazz, and just happens to have excellent food. Seriously, you are expected to hold conversation during the concert. The musicians that night were very talented, and I expect that is always the case. My date had the ribs, and they were so tender. Everything was good that night. This is an intimate setting, really for a date/double date.
Smoke, like other jazz clubs I've been to, really packs the customers in.  But unlike some of the tourist traps further south, it seems much more comfortable and, after all, you're never more than a few feet from the stage anywhere in the club.   I was just there over the weekend and the music was great.  I didn't have that much from the menu, but the salads were good and the other dishes that passed by my table looked great.
I loved this place!!!! We were there for 5 hours and saw about 5 to 6 performances... I enjoyed the after hour sessions they had...Food was excellent!!! Must try the salmon.
Perfect host for an evening of jazz. Small, cozy dining room lends itself well to interaction with the performer. Talent on stage top notch.
Good jazz at what some might call a classic Manhattan Clip Joint. Although the high quality musicians are usually good to excellent, the room is always cramped to claustrophobic. The tab is often unpredictable to high. The staff is sometimes friendly more often not. Your evening could turn out to be a financial adventure. Only the Blue Note and Birdland may be worse.
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this jazz bar. Cute place with romantic ambience about it. Great date night spot. 1) Music - TALENT! All performers were amazing. I'm not a huge jazz buff but loved this place. 2) Door / host is really friendly and will try to accommodate you if possible. Better to make a reservation in advance. 3) Food - only tried dessert. The cheesecake is the BOMB! Try it! 4) Decent wine list from memory, or the wine I drank at least was decent,. I will go back again :)
Bottom line: If you like jazz, GO. This is what modern jazz club should be. Went for NYE. It was lovely - decorated to the nines under an iconic portrait of Ella  Fitzgerald. Got there early and were seated 30 minutes before the doors were to open. The staff could not have been nicer. The food was good, but for an overdone egg on the frisée salad. Great venue without a bad seat in the house. Saw Harold Maybern's new quartet.  What made it special, was Jeremy Pope dropping by for the set. For me, when all is said and done, the greatness of a jazz venue is who comes to see their peers and joins in.  In this regard, Smoke appears to make the list of world class places.
We went to Smoke Jazz Club last Monday, it was GREAT. The food was wonderful I had steak and it was better than Luger's. The music and atmosphere was excellent and the band was Hot and Tight. I recommend Smoke Jazz Club highly. The early set is better, because it's more room to enjoy your meal, it's a tight space.
Last night was my first trip back to Smoke in two years and the first disappointment I've ever had there. I hope they were just having a bad night and the club hasn't changed. While the portions were generous, the French Onion Soup and Fried Chicken were both bland and mostly tasteless. The music was good but not better than most other NYC jazz clubs and not enough to justify the $38 plus one entree per person requirements. Jazz Standard has better food in comparison to last night, and Smoke's high prices make clubs like Somethin and Bill's Place a real bargain.
For Sunday brunch, make sure you make a reservation as the wait may be pretty long. BUT, live music, makes time go by fast, so at the end if you don't reserve, you still enjoy while having a mimosa at the bar. I went on Yelp to check in and got a free dessert :)
Great jazz but the brunch is horrible. I have tried brunch twice and will not do so again. Both times the food was NOT good. Yesterday, I was served chicken with burnt waffles. Had to send it back even though it was so blatantly burnt. Did not enjoy my meal. Will go back for the incredible performance by Annette S. John but will sit at the bar and order drinks only.
Awesome place for dinner. Food was great & the jazz vocalist was so amazing! Highly recommend.
Smoke is great for those of us jazz fans who live on the UWS.  The musicians are usually high caliber and the cover/drink minimums during the week are very reasonable.  Don't go to Smoke to chat with your friends.  They are pretty strict about not talking during the sets.  I agree with the earlier comments about going during the week...you definitely get more for your money.  The Eddie Henderson quartet plays at Smoke pretty regularly.  I would recommend checking them out next time they play.  Check the website for a full calendar.
In the summer, Otherwise known as tourist season, good idea to make reservations in advance. Sit at the bar if alone, best spot. Fantastic musicians/singers every night of the week,. Small room assures you always have a great seat... the food, very good, great staff all around with special thanks to the excellent bartenders...
My two stars are for the music, but the Jazz brunch leaves a lot to be desired.  I ordered what should be a simple meal...Belgian waffle with bacon.  First, the waffle delivered was no where near a Belgian waffle.  If was a mini pop tart version, that was so hard that I could not cut thru it.  The only thing I could eat was the bacon and the fruit garnish on top.  The service was also spotty...drinks ordered but not delivered until requested again over half hour later, silverware dirty, and the waiter had an attitude when requesting a replacement.  The talent (Annette St. John) was wonderful, but I won't be making a return visit.
This venue far surpassed my expectations. We went to the jazz brunch today. The music was outstanding - Annette St. John and her Trio provided awesome vocals and jazz. The food was outstanding. I look forwatd to going back again very soon (traveled in from Princeton).
Went to this lovely little upper west side spot with two coworkers (think they were secretly really on a date and I accidentally came along).  Passed deliciously smelling outdoor restaurants along the way, so my expectations were high and my grumbly stomach was working overtime. Entered, turned out we needed reservations and SURPRISE! Tonight was a popular night.  But since we were early, we quickly found some seats at the bar where yes, you can order from the full menu.  The bartendar was friendly and SURPRISE! NYC student discounts. Holla! I'll take my 10% anyday.  Now the food and yes, drinks are quiiiiiite pricey so I definitely new Grumbly Stomach wanted something worthwhile.  I debated the burger but it not being a football game day, I went with the quite classy Warm Goat Cheese salad.  Mmm. Our bartendar aka waiter took pity on our poor and hungry teacher stomach salaries and quickly ushered out some bread which came with garlic infused olive oil, some olives, and butter.  Not bad. Not bad.  Food came in a nice amount of time (I meanwhile, had a $12 cosmo to sip on to pass the time) and everything looked quite sizeable. Thank. Goodness. Now this salad. DELISH! The carmelized onions were a nice touch.  The goat cheese actually came slightly melted on little toast-ettes (I'm blanking on the actual name, but you get the point) and the dressing was just nicely done.  I scarfed it down.  Mmm. I get all the way to Last Bite #2 and notice "Hmmm...I don't remember there being black pepper in this salad....why that's an awfully large piece of black pepper..." Ummmmm, yeah....it was a fly. And not just "a fly." One of those gigantuam "I made the flight over here from the Amazon and cannot possibly breathe here in this New York City smog and will find myself a nice burial place here in this delicious warm goat cheese salad" type of flies. G.R.O.S.S.  I of course was still mid chew with Last Bite #2 and couldn't actually picture myself spitting into the fabulous Upper West Side cloth napkins so put my hands over my mouth and tried my best to chew and keep everything in. Alright, now we've ventured into TMI.  But the bartendar/waiter seemed equally grossed out, so much so that he ended up taking $2.75 off of my salad. What a guy! In other aspects, the music and acoustics was pretty fabulous and the overall atmosphere was pretty comfortable and welcoming.  Great date place actually.  Minus me being on a secret double date with my chosen companion being a fly.
Smoke 2751 Broadway New York, NY 10025 (212) 864-6662 From Douglas Schubert "Smoke". On Broadway between 105th and 106th. Legenday live jazz spot. Bille Holiday used to shoot up in the bathroom. Paul Auster based his character, Augie Wren, on a guy who frequented this place. Auster penned the novel featuring Augie right here at the back table.   On Mondays and Tuesdays you can see a great trio for the price of a beer. Check out the petite and fiery Akiko on the hammond B3 as she blazes through solos that Jimmy Smith might flip his hat over to. -douglas schubert/NY Press
Found me a new favorite!!!! A nice casual, cozy spot right near my 'hood. Took the Wifey here for date night for dinner and a show; the food was tasty, the music was jammin' and the mojitos were on point.  Thursday night was "2 course dinner prix-fixe night". You got dinner for 2, drinks, and a show for about $100. You can't beat that price with a stick.  The restaurant is small but comfy and the acoustics is excellent.  It's best to make reservations but walk-ins should be no problem for the late shows...jammin' 'til 2am.  This place is a definite find and I will be comin' back for more...
this food was created by the hands of Christ, himself. the seafood pasta was goood, the BBQ ribs and greens, my GOODNESS! & the live jazz was superb. will definitely be back!
Jeff M., why you keep holding out on me like this? Smoke is small, and awesome, and I can't wait to go back. Recommended for father's day!
This was my 1st jazz club experience. I absolutely loved it. Such a small and intimate place. One complaint...very expensive!! $28 cover plus 2 drink minimum.
It's either a hit or a miss with this place. I think the ambiance is quite nice - the service is good. The performance depends on the day you go. The food wasn't very good, but the drinks are okay. The space is a little tight, but it's very cozy. It's good for dates.
Smoke is a great venue it's been a go to for brunch and jazz and dinner and jazz for some time.  The venue is intimate, the talent is at times is amazing great singers and musicians with in most cases there is no fee for the entertainment.  Decent bar selection, a solid brunch menu, and a decent dinner menu, however in most cases I just come here to hear some good music and relax before I start the week to keep it low key.  The crowd varies mostly Upper Westside types this would be a great venue to bring out of town guest well in my case such as parents.  The only issue I have is that there is only one restroom and it is next to the stage, which isn't a good look if you have to use it during a performance.  I recommend Smoke.
Bordering on gimmicky
For my first jazz Ill say this was an eventful night. The performances were ok 3/5... add a half star more for the Julliard drummer... and another half star for the best cheesecake Ive had in my life.. no joke..
When I go to a jazz club, it's all about the feelings. This is mostly because I don't know shit about the technicalities of music in general. All I know is that I'm into it, or I'm not into it. When I was here, I was definitely into it. When you sit in this tightly packed, dimly lit, red velvet enveloped little enclave, you want to be either madly in love or massively heartbroken. You start yearning for someone with whom to silently wander the abandoned city streets at midnight, floating through the smoke coming out of the vents and dodging the garbage bags being tossed across the sidewalks by busboys getting off work. Does anyone really have this kind of life? When you're at Smoke, you really really hope so.
Music here was great.  I am not a jazz expert so I can't tell if it was great jazz, but musically in general, they were very good and played well together.  They also had a guy who totally rocked the tambourine (though he insisted on calling it a fancy Portugese name).  Atmosphere is nice...dark and somewhat intimate, though pretty cramped. This is not a place where you can talk with your friends..they seem very strict on you being quiet during the sets.  One of the musicians actually stopped talking to reprimand an audience member for being too loud., which I thought was hilarious.  Oh, snap!   Our waitress who was very cute and nice, was also overworked and/or not that competent.  She forgot to put in our orders for the dessert, checked to see why it was taking so long, realized her mistake, and then apologized profusely before retaking the order.  And then she forgot the water that we requested.  In all, it took almost an hour to get everything we wanted.   The 20 dollar per person per table minimum charge was a little annoying, but ended up being what we would have spent anyway, getting a drink and desserts.
First time at an intimate jazz club/lounge in NYC. The only other place I'd been to before was BB Kings... and that's a completely different experience. Love the brick walls, stars hanging above the bar, the whole look & feel of Smoke is romantic and sleek. The food is really good and so are their martinis. We had a great table right next to the stage, and the band showcased a singer in the "audience," Nicole Henry, who I am now obsessed with. It was a magical night.
It was a hot night in August. We made a last minute decision to have dinner and listen to some jazz while visiting NYC, and Smoke was a good choice. The jazz was cool, the food (I had the lamb sliders with a garden salad) was very good, and the drinks were ample and excellent! The $20 minimum was also very reasonable because there was no cover charge added.  I enjoyed this venue and will return to Smoke on my next visit to NYC.
OM Goodness....called for delivery...live across the street - Husband is away and I had a hankering for fried chicken - which he hates.  Frank is amazing...ask for him...had the fried chicken, collard greens, corn bread and side of mashed.  Delicious. Came quick, hot and delicious.  It was before the first set of music so that helped!  Pricing is better if you can call direct and not through websites and delivery sites...ask about it.  Frank was a doll and I called him tonight to thank him as I could not get through last night as phone was busy from 8:00 PM on....music had started!  Try and enjoy!
Had a great date here with my boyfriend a few months ago.  It's a really great date spot or place to take a good friend.  It's a cozy authentic atmosphere and we were lucky enough to get a table right near the stage.  The food was delicious and they had several organic options.  Also, the drinks - yum.  I highly recommend the gingerbread martini as a after dinner drink!  We had an amazing time - great food, drinks and tunes.  Also, we saw Governor Patterson there - not too shabby!
What I was hoping for great food and drinks and superb loud big band jazz. And I nearly got it!  Jazz was great. Don't know how they fit 16 people in a tiny space but they managed.  Great tunes and solos.  Really entertaining.   Food was nice, southern themed tasty and simple jD chicken had fried chicken.  Hoping for something slightly nicer - cheese cake was not good. Wine was nice. Great evening entertainment.
Everything from my last review still stands, except for the fact that they've eliminated brunch on Saturday for some reason. For that reason, I recommend reservations even more because if my recent experience is any indication of how things will be from now on, Sunday brunch will be completely booked ahead of time--I just hope this means that the quality of service won't suffer.
Smoke has a nice vibe, cool staff, and good music.  The crowd ranges from locals and friends of the band to tourists from Argentina - a jazz loving group of people.  I recommend a visit to the UWS for some jazz and drinks.
My favorite moment at Smoke is brunch with live jazz music. Their brunch menu is very good and change often. Perfect place where to start the weekend!
Went on a Sunday night for a low key dinner with my dad whose a jazz nut- great ambiance, food was delicious and the music was pretty good. I am not a huge jazz enthusiast myself but I definitely enjoyed it! Would certainly recommend!
Wonderful place for brunch with jazz! No cover for certain times of day (call to double check). The food was excellent, the dessert was decadent and the music was great. Make your reservations, bring an apetite and enjoy!
Smoke, right up on West Broadway and 106th, is unquestionably on of the world's pre-eminent jazz clubs. It pains me to look at its up-coming gig list because I CANNOT GO. One gig a year is not nearly often enough to satisfy my hunger for this greatest of great music. If I lived in NY I would be there every week. There isn't a month where some awe-inspiring legend isn't playing. And on a normal day, the riveting, scintillating local talent is giving people a seriously good time. This is a jazz club for people who LOVE jazz, people who want to feel it right in their bones, right to the marrow. And people who like to dine huge juicy steaks with a thoughtful selection of fine Californian wines. I've seen and heard such brilliance here I can hardly contain myself thinking about it. Smoke is the business. It's what jazz clubs are all about - intimate, dark, small, intense, bluesy, raw, real.
Jazz is overpriced I'm my opinion. Food is way too much money. There are like 12 rules to follow once you are there. I would never go back. Go to zinc bar in the village instead.
Went there last night with a friend from out of town upon his recommendation. Would have to say its a bit of a tourist trap. The jazz was good but nothing you wouldn't find for much cheaper in the village. We got there late enough that we didn't have to get the price fixe but I ordered some food anyway and they managed to burn the bread on a blt. The drinks were standard price. Overall I would say not bad but not great. It wasn't worth the trip for me.
We opted for Sunday night to avoid the $30 cover.  Salad and dinner were decent, music great.  I had the apple dessert which was so-so, quite small and simple, but the ice cream on it delicious.
My husband and I went for our date night this weekend and loved it! The jazz was fantastic and we will definitely be back. The food was  good, but not amazing. I had mussels with spicy mayo on top...they were pretty good, but I avoided the mayo, it was a weird combination for me. My husband had the chicken, which was good but not memorable. It was a little expensive - $30/per person cover + food to sit at a table - ouch! The food prices were pretty reasonable though I would recommend making reservations in advance it was really crowded when we were there, and I ended up sitting closer to the drummer than my husband. We will absolutely be back for the jazz, but I think next time we will sit at the bar and just order drinks. All in all, we loved this place and will bring friends with us next time.
On my guitar jazz quest this is a new one to me! Organ trio on Tuesday. It sounds and looks like a jazz movie. Local purveyors and kind of organic ; the food is inventive and very good. Healthy? kinds of bread, a nice by the glass wine list.  & everyone was very nice and accomidating; save my seat for next time!
A romantic & charming find in an unlikely neighborhood.  The brunch here is fantastic!  Prices are very reasonable for what was just simply amazing food.   Definitely order the yogurt & granola -- it''s just heavenly and must be laced with an amazing drug --  the granola is chewy, sweet, smoky & homemade, the clover honey flavorful, and the fruit just perfect.  The spanish benedict -- poached eggs on chorizo & roasted fingerling potatoes with hollandaise -- was creamy, rich, and yummy, but still could've used an english muffin in there (my personal preference).  The oatmeal came with fruit, honey, & raisins, and was out of this world -- I mean, especially amazing considering it's just oatmeal.  The only thing lacking was the coffee, which tasted disappointingly watered down. The setting is like a true jazz-bar.  A small cramped stage is set off to the back, very much like in the Village Vanguard. Old woods, dark red velvet, crystal chandeliers, and pressed tin ceilings adorned the place.  There is wonderful live jazz with no cover for the Sat-Sun brunches -- and I mean real jazz, not the cheesy stuff you find in most restaurant establishments.  The place gets rowdy at night, with more focus on the jazz than the food or drink.   Definitely a good place for a date.  Although the brunch is good, the crowd is of course moreso for the mid-30s thru 50s type despite the restaurant's vicinity to Columbia.  I would recommend this place for a wonderfully charming Sunday afternoon.
I went with my family on Christmas Eve and I'll be honest, this is my second time coming here. I wasn't all that thrilled with it last year, but the music was good and we decided to try it again. Won't be coming back next year. The waiter was RUDE. He greeted us right away  and brought us water. We were just about to put the drink order in, but he just walked away and didn't come back to take our order for 30 MINUTES!! This is not an exaggeration. Then he had the audacity to come back with a serious attitude. The food was just okay and incredibly overpriced.  The music really is very nice and I even bought a cd, but keep in mind that the music charge is $35.00 a head, not a table. A total rip off. 4 of us at a table added $140.00 to the already overpriced bill with rude service. Not to mention what people like to call "intimate" I call "packed in like a sardine". Perhaps it would be better on a late week night sitting at the bar, other than that, don't bother. This is NYC, you'll find something better. Trust me.
If someone asked me what I thought a jazz club would feel like SMOKE would fit the description. Its a great place for a date - the cozy tables, dim light, and live performance make it special. You're so close to the band that it's like having your own personal performance. I thought the food was good, a little expensive. Also, once the lights are dimmed you can't really see your food. If your not interested in getting a table there is also a bar. SMOKE will leave an impression for a special occasion, it also show cases many great jazz musicians. I've only been once, but I'm glad I made the reservation, the place filled up quickly before the show.
I can't say enough great things about this place. My husband brought me here for a surprise on a random Monday night once, and we caught the "open mic night" type of event they have there. There was no cover to get in, but there was a $20 food/drink minimum. We ended up splitting one order of the prix-fixe menu, selecting the shrimp and grits, the scallops, and the fruit tart. (All of these appear on the regular menu too.)   OMG. Scallops. Amazing. The shrimp was incredibly flavorful as well. Probably the best meal we'd had together in a long time - and generous enough portions that we were able to comfortably split everything. Beyond all that, however -- the atmosphere at Smoke is just wonderful. It's small, dark, and cozy: perfect for a jazz lounge. The music, even on the open mic night, was great. The only potential drawback was that it was difficult to talk or hear each other during the loud swells in the music, even seated in the back, but if you're enjoying the music you probably wouldn't mind too much.
At the urging from some out of town guests to visit Smoke, we decided to try it out. WOW! From the moment we arrived Frank, one of the owners, greeted us at the door. Immediately you realize how intimate, inviting & relaxed the place is.   Susan, our server, was awesome! The music was great, the food delicious, we took Susan's recommendation & had the Coq au Vin and the Roasted Chicken. I'm not really much of a dessert person, but the Brownie Sundae was to -die-for! What a great place. Living downtown there are tons of places to go, but Smoke is definitely worth the trip uptown! We're looking forward to returning to try brunch on the weekend.
One of the best places in NYC to hear live jazz.  A very well-managed, friendly place to hang out.  People come here to LISTEN and talking during sets is discouraged, as well it should be in respect to the musicians and other patrons.  Has a nice, old jazz club vibe and well worth the trip uptown.  While I haven't eaten there yet, the menu looks very imaginative.
Smoke is an awesome place to hang out, grab a bite and listen to some jazz. Food is tasty, but not incredible - the pizza appetizer is great though. We were fortunate enough to arrive on a packed Saturday night, and hear a really famous Jazz pianist, Orrin Evans.  The food and drinks were not too pricey, but that 'music charge' per person was unexpected and high, but worth it in the end.
Great place. Good food. Love the music. I took my wife there on her birthday, because we both love jazz music. We had a great time. The staff is friendly and attentive. We plan on going back again.
Smoke is a great evening out. Delicious food, fantastic drinks, and GREAT jazz. Fully sensory experience, and everything a delight. I usually like quieter, smaller venues for jazz, and I often find live music jarring when eating, but Smoke is a celebration of life. If you want to feel good about life, this is the way. Try the smoked shrimp and watermelon, or the crab sandwich, for some flavor it's hard to find elsewhere.
Great vibe and good performance. Found seat easily and service was excellent.
After reading the reviews on Smoke Jazz and Supper Club l was left confused. So for those who like me couldn't make heads or tails of this establishment, this review is for you. First, the venue - this place is extremely small. There is a huge support beam in front of the stage so that many of the seats have obstructed views! Furthermore, because they have several shows each night (including several dinner shows), you are required to order fast, drink fast, eat fast and get out fast! As a patron you're left with that feeling of being herded in & out of this establishment like cattle. Second the food - I ordered the Blackened Catfish and my wife ordered the Buttermilk Fried Chicken. Some of the pictures on this site show great pictures of the chicken. Let me just say "everything that glitters ain't gold." The pictures look great however, you can't judge seasoning from the pictures of food.This dish could not have been anymore bland! My wife was totally disappointed. Even after attempting to revive this dish with table salt and pepper, the dish was dead on arrival! The Blackened Catfish was also under seasoned, which was a surprise for me, because blackened dishes are usually over seasoned and to spicey for my taste. This dish was at least eatable, however, It wasn't good, it wasn't  great, it was just ok. For desert we shared the Banana Foster Bread Pudding. The pictures of this dish (on this site) made my mouth water. Banana Fosters is one of my favorite deserts. It was horrible! First time l've had Banana Fosters made with plantains. The bread pudding was cold, the plantains weren't cooked completely, the sauce i'm certain is that butterscotch topping (usually used for  ice cream sundaes) warmed up and the dollop of cream on top added nothing! The food here is a major disappointment. Third, the drinks - the cocktails are so watered down we only had one drink each (highly unusual for us). This is definitely a beer and wine spot. Fourth the service -The service we found attentive and I'm sure it is because they are herding people into and out of here, so they must keep you on pace. Lastly the music - We saw Javon Jackson and he was phenomenal! He's funny, talented and plays an awesome sax! What we learned - Don't go to the dinner shows at Smoke Jazz and Supper Club the food is not worth it. Best seats are at the bar in front of the pole obstructing most patrons views. Forget about ordering cocktails and stick with beer or wine. If you go, go for the music, because everything else is just not worth the trip
Wow, what a great spot.  We came here with our three kids to introduce them to Jazz.  We were not expecting a great meal with a fantastic 16 piece orchestral jazz ensemble.  We came for the 7pm show.  Great Upper West Side spot!!!
This is everything I didn't expect in a jazz club in NYC. I felt uncomfortable here and was disappointed after having been curious for so long I went on Friday at 8:00PM. $30 for one hour of Jazz. The place is nice and the acoustics is perfect but that's all. They charged us twice the cover.
Amazing music, unexpectedly great food, great service, and just a good vibe overall.
This is a great jazz spot. The soul food is impeccable. This was authentic jazz music. Great spot to go to in the city and have live music and great food. The ribs were beyond delicious. Whoever is the chef..wow  that's all I could say!!!!
Jazz clubs are notorious for bad, overpriced drinks but thankfully there's Smoke.  A little bit of a hike getting uptown but worth it, plenty of parking for you B&T crowd.  No cover, really decent jazz and cool local crowd, minus the obnoxious tourists that frequent too many downtown clubs.  A little cramped at the bar but try to avoid the tables.  Haven't eaten there in a long time but the food looks improved from the last time I suffered through a mediocre meal a few years ago.  Definitely a great bet for great, no cover jazz, local artists and decent bar scene.
Great food, great jazz, nice ambiance (no talking during the music), attentive service. Nothing to complain about except that it isn't cheap.
Smoke is a great venue, with bistro-type food that is surprisingly good, a very decent wine list, and fantastic (on my night) jazz.  We went to a CD release party, and I thought the band was amazing.  In San Francisco, as my friend said, they'd fill a much bigger venue.   And I would not necessarily have expected good food, but I really liked it.  They roasted their asparagus and carrots (small thin ones), and the carrots had rosemary.  Very good.  The meats all looked quite good:  as I said, bistro-y.  We split a pear tart that was great (a fantastic crust), and had a terrific and well-priced 2002 Spanish Rioja Reserve.  We couldn't believe our luck.  As I said, it was one of those experiences that was as good as one hopes it will be.  Not only were expectations exceeded, but hopes were met.  Three shows a night, with a per person minimum that we had no trouble meeting.  It was all well worth it.  Loved the neighborhood too:  105th and Broadway.  Very peaceful in a hip but not too hip way.  One could drive a scooter up there.  So maybe I could live in New York.  Okay, San Francisco it stays.  But I'll be back to Smoke.  It's very French, actually.  Or how the French might imagine a New York jazz club.  Which isn't a bad thing.  At all.  Kind of great, actually.   I should mention, too, that it's a very intimate venue.  They say 50 seats on their web site.  That seems like an exaggeration.
Great jazz, but expensive entrees that were substandard. Southern fried chicken was only vaguely Southern, no white meat,  rubbery and undercooked. At these prices, let's have the real thing, y'all!
Came here for the first time last weekend (3/30/13) to see the Frank Wess Quintet and enjoyed myself a lot. The place is small but I like small and quaint, as it gives a more personable experience. The food was pretty bland to me; I was there with my mother celebrating her best friend's birthday aka two women who are watching their diets for fear of health complications. We started off with buffalo wings, which they both went crazy about over the salt, I admit they were salty, but no complaints from me. They sent one platter back and tried the fried calamari which they said was great. For entrée's, I had a burger which was great except, I asked for it to be made well done and still had a lot of pink in my burger. I'm not picky so I moved on and ate what I could. My mother and her friend had the seared salmon with baby clams and sausage, which I thought was ok; the combination was odd to me and they both thought it was ok, not great, bland, but ok. The highlight of our visit was their drinks (The pink lemonade, so good!) and the service. Aside from the food, which I think is tailored to a certain palette, the service is impeccable. From the Maitre'd to our server, I was satisfied with the service. Our server Lindsey accommodated us greatly, even bringing the birthday woman a special candle lit dessert of her choice.  The show was short but superb and I really enjoyed myself. I would definitely be back with friends and would recommend it.
I had a lovely Sunday brunch with a group of friends earlier this summer at Smoke. I am glad we made a reservation because the place filled up soon after we arrived. The plate of bread, muffins, and croissants given to us as we were seated was an unexpected crowd pleaser. I had a delicious BLT, and my friends all enjoyed their various dishes of eggs, oatmeal, etc. Our waitress was so nice and especially gracious when one of my friends was a little late and when we of course lingered long after our meal to enjoy the music. The jazz performance was simply delightful (just don't expect to have an intimate conversation because the music definitely fills up the cozy restaurant). We actually happened to be seated next to an old famous jazz musician who ended up singing after we ate, so I guess you never know who might show up there! I would definitely love to return to Smoke for brunch again and also check out their late night happy hour!
Overpriced. Ordinary food. Not great jazz. No value for money. Oh, and yes, douchey.
THis place is really one of the best places in NYC period. Went here two weeks ago for jazz brunch for my husband's birthday. The food was so wonderful. Seriously I am one of the pickiest food critics you will ever meet and this food was heavenly. The fried chicken and biscuits with collard greens were superb. Pat the chef came to introduce herself- definitely a plus! The waitress was very attentive and even gave my husband a complimentary dessert with a candle. The bread and muffins that came before brunch was INCREDIBLE. My husband loved his omelette with salmon. The jazz performance was intimate and the singer was soooo good. She sings like she is from the Miles Davis, Sarah Vaughn era. I will come back to Smoke as often as I can. Good place, good service...Just perfect and that is very hard for me to say!
A lot of things about this jazz club rock (ironic, I know).  The door guys were super professional and polite.  The space to work with inside is narrow, so they offered to put the guitar I had with me in their office to get it out of the way, which was very helpful.  We saw urban soul-jazz singer Gregory Generet there performing.  He's an excellent singer with a tight band and they put on a kick ass show.  The only complaint I have is that they expect you to purchase a 2 course meal.  I thought just ordering beer would be good enough, but apparently not, I was told I'd need to order at least an entree.  To the waitress's credit though, she conceded and said it'd be cool if I just ordered an appetizer.  I got the french onion soup, it was excellent.  I sampled a bit of everything, and it was all good.  I highly recommend this venue, just beware that if you go and don't order food when sitting at the table, you're gonna get the stink eye   : )
Small initimate place.  Some would use the word "cramped" but there's something about a jazz bar that makes it ok to me.  Nice menu.  Good music.  An easy fun place to take your date.
This. Place. Is. Awesome. There isnt room to dance when its full, no smoking or coat check. BUT. The music is Lovely and food is pretty good. The vibe in this joint is soooo smooth. I went there once at 1 am just bc I was out by myself and didnt wanna go home. Well, the musicians got carried away and we didnt get outta there till like 3 something! I was smiling and dancing in my seat the whole time lol. I love the atmosphere..its very small, white linen tables with candles and very dim. Good people and just a good time :)I gotta go back!
My boyfriend and I had a lovely dinner here last week---the ambiance was really tasteful and the musical performance was great! Would definitely go back again.
my friend and i went on a saturday night for some late the late night session. there was no cover, but the kitchen was closed. We still had a great time with some wine and great music. will go back for sure!
Especially the music is usually wonderful.   They have a variety of types of music,  so look at the calendar before you go!   In addition to their regulars, they tend to pick up performers who are in New York from out of town and have a free night.  It's a small place, and it's easy to talk to the musicians during their break.  Food is good, not really expensive.
Jazz is the reason for a lot of the music that has come out of NYC in the last half of a century, and that includes: "Hip Hop". Smoke is everything about Jazz that I always imagined. It doesn't mean that it is everything that it should be, to you.. ;) The bar, the lighting, the acts, the cool characters, the smooth cocktails, and the acoustics here make it the ideal setting to feel as if you are living a legendary Jazz moment in-the-making, and that's exactly what I love about it. Come here to REALLY listen to the exquisite Jazz music, rather than to yap to your girl about how your days at work were. In other words, come here when you want to escape the reality of your every day. Come when you want to forget about all of your problems and simply want to enjoy intoxicating sounds playing out of cool instruments by knowledgable people. It's Jazz, done Uptown, done NYC Style, and done so right. 5 stars for there being no other setting like it in NYC. If there is, show me. my email: roy @ etmusiquepourtous dot com
Came here for restaurant week with my girlfriend. The live jazz was really good! I want to go back with the boyfriend but they have new artists on rotation and I'm worried since my expectations are so high from the set I went to, I might be disappointed. The food was good, not too many healthy options (this is a soul food place after all). The space is really tiny and kind of cramped. We were almost on top of the people on both sides of us. I'm not sure if this is the typical fare or if it being restaurant week had something to do with it. Apparently there's normally a cover, but we didn't have to pay one for restaurant week. You aren't really supposed to talk while the set is going on so that was the only drawback. It was packed when we went and we were only allowed to stay until the end of the set, since they had a new group coming in. I guess if you like to linger and chat over dinner this isn't ideal, but since the show was so good I didn't mind all that much.
Came here for an intimate birthday dinner with my wife. We really enjoyed ourselves, despite very small tables (the whole venue is rather small).  We were also not aware that they request you keep conversation to a minimum during the music, but that ended up being fine since the music was very nice and the set only lasted about an hour. For appetizers, the popcorn shrimp and calamari were both pretty good. For our meals, we got the lobster, sausage, & shrimp jambalaya and the seafood pasta - the latter was better. Drinks were a bit pricey for what you get... But just like the table size, you get over it with the cool jazz music.
I got thrown out of here when a girl I met at another bar came here with me and unzipped my fly and started blowing me. The two women at the very adjacent table complained and we were asked to leave. Yet I hadn't finished my expensive drink. This was appalling. I've always felt this place has downtown prices at an uptown location. And all NYers know just about everything in food and entertainment anyway is much better downtown, unless you're in Harlem. the UWS is still a culinary wasteland tho far better than it once was. the jazz is overpriced here which is why I've never been back, still smarting over the interruption of my BJ and lack of a refund on my drinks.
5 stars for Gregory Generet. He's amazing! We've been to Smoke a few times on Thursday nights, just for Gregory and we don't even live in Manhattan! We make special trips for him. Food is good, interesting menu. Sunday brunch was also good. It's one of the better jazz clubs in the City.
Oh yes last nighy was soooo in the zone with the live jazz playing while eating......oh yes i loove...its best to have a seat in the back if you dont want your ear drums lol...but yes the drinks was nice had the jumbalaya and some sliders which taste soo good..so will definetely be back because Mr.Oneil kill it last night i mean...wowwww cute little old man
There's really only one word to describe Smoke....TINY! or intimate depending on how you see things. My sister made reservations at this place for Father's day. Because it's so small I'm pretty sure that you actually have to have a reservation to get in so, make sure you check on that before you just show up. They run a pretty organized service for such a small establishment, but I guess they don't really have a choice. You make a reservation for which ever show you want to see. During that time they run through a very quick dinner/brunch service, and no one is allowed in or out (it seems) until the show ends. The food seemed like it would have been very good. I didn't eat much of mine because like a dummy I ordered the soft shell crab sandwich not realizing that there's actually still shell on it. I assumed that was just the name of the type of crab. Anyway, it was pretty inedible (in my opinion). It was just a strange never ending crunch of shell that continued to get stuck in my teeth, awful. So, I avoided the crab, and just ate my fries which were pretty good. We came during brunch so, my sister and niece had chicken and waffles which looked tasty, and my parents had the ribs which also looked pretty good. I will warn you that like most of these tiny, hipstery, brunchy places in the Manhattan and Brooklyn the food was expensive! Expect to spend about $30-$40 per person. The live music was very very good. I can't remember the singer's name, but she did a great job. Her and the band did about 4 or 5 sets which was enough to get us through dinner. Overall I wasn't crazy about the food, so I took one point off for that, and it's so tiny that you'll have to practically step over people to get to your seat so, another point off for that. That said, the entertainment was enough to make me want to come back a second time.
Don't assume that just because you have a reservation they have space or the set hasn't started yet. Made a reservation on OpenTable and got there to find there was no table for me and the set was beginning. The hostess was nice enough to offer us free drinks, but there weren't even seats at the bar, we were just shoved on an aisle. Ultimately we left and ate at Toast.
Do the prix fix dinner option on Monday night 7PM show. App-Chicken wings are amazing--salads are a little weak Mains-Meats tend to be overprepared and a bit dry The brownie dessert sucks Music is fantastic weather its the house band or a great act coming in! That being said. Go on a Monday night when there is no music charge and you easily have the best date night you could ever want. Sit along the wall if you can opposite the bar.
Jazz band was incredible but the singer was only ok.  Food was ok but forgetful. Nice night overall
How much easier can it get?  Right off the subway stop at 103rd you'll find Smoke Jazz Club.  Book in advance that same day online for the show you want and you walk straight in.  no waiting and wondering. Great ambience.  It only seats probably 40 people, so everyone was very close to the musicians.  The acoustics were good.   The set started on time and I was blown away by the jazz.  People listened during the music. They didn't talk, which allows everyone to appreciate the level of musicianship in front of them.  The musicians hung around after the set to chat. The food was great.  the menu had a couple vegetarian entrees. The staff were organized and courteous.  The table was lovely.  Cloth table cloths, etc. I had to be ready to drop cash.  My Saturday night music ticket cost $38 per person, and then we had to order at least an entree at our table, which cost $25-$35.  So if you order an appetizer and  drinks, the night will cost almost $100 per person. If you want the most value for money, go to the late show, which often extends later. oh yeah, the brownie desert is weak.  sorry to be petty, given the near spiritual experience I had listening to the quartet in such a comfortable space.
*This review is strictly for brunch!* I LOVE THIS PLACE! This was the last brunch place I went to during my stay in NY and it was amazing! There was no cover charge in the morning and the jazz music starts at 11:30AM (place opens at 11AM). The place was pretty small, but there weren't that many people surprisingly, maybe because it was Easter Sunday. I got the Salmon Scrambled Egg and my friend got the Chorizo benedict. Since I thought the place was mainly for music, I didn't think the food was going to be spectacular. However, the food was delicious and not too pricey! They definitely did not skimp on the smoked salmon for the scrambled egg so I was really happy about that. Plus, they gave us little scones and crackers with jelly and butter before our meal. The jazz musicians that played were also amazing, and probably a little better than the other jazz club I went to as well. I also tried the Ritz cocktail from their menu and the drink was also great. Fresh OJ and champagne never fails :) With the great food, great music, and great drinks, I highly recommend this place for brunch if you want to spend a good hour listening to jazz and eating great food. I heard this place does get a bit packed in the evenings though and I think it's $20 for cover + you have to buy dinner.
This place should be definitely added to the bucket list when jazz spots of NYC are concerned. 3 sets pear night of great jazz  ( first starts at 8:00 PM- last at 10:45). 2 drinks minimum ( about $20 per person) end up being  a cover charge. Great music - but you have to quiet while the sets are on. There is usually a bend that plays after main jazz sets -in late hours - that doesn't require cover charge and usually provide  great vibe and music. The only reason why there is no 5 stars from me - the service is often very slow and inefficient.
I want to give 5 stars because the food was good, the venue was great, the music was spectacular but the service, ehhhh.... The bartender is amazing and got my cocktail down to a T, so kudos to him for that but the waitress was very inattentive especially when asked for water 5 times and still did not receive it.   I was also a bit disappointed at my not knowing of the $38 mandatory listening charge for the music portion of the show.  When I made reservations, it was for restaurant week and we thought it would be $38 but ended up being $100 each.  It would've been nice to have been warned ahead of time.
Really fun night. Music was 5 star, soulful and fun. There are about 20 tables so we were pretty close, though blocked by a column. Food was 4 star. Mainly organic and farm raised which we loved. Flavors were good. French onion soup and Brussels sprout apps were not that great. The short rib with spinach was tender and perfect. The flank steak was nice and thick with fried onions on the top. Solid. Fried chicken looked good, but would have killed me. I'd go back :)
Smoke is a pretty intimate venue. I was practically sitting on the drum kit--which was cool as I could really see the musicianship and drumstick change-ups. The artist when I was there was amazing (Cyrus Chestnut) and it was his new CD debut. The food is decent--much better than I was expecting as I was primarily going for music. I would definitely go back.
Yummy food (ask the waiter for recommendations; they know what's up) and AMAZING jazz. It's an intimate space with table and bar seats, and it fills up quickly. Wonderful place for date night or going with a few friends. The inside feels very intimate and warm, with dim lights and a velvety backdrop. If you care a lot about seeing the full stage and all the musicians, make a reservation and get there early - the front few tables give you great views. The tables farther away are better for talking and give more privacy though, if that's what you're going after. If you only want some drinks and no food, you will get a bar seat. The acoustics will be great no matter where you sit! I've been to several other jazz lounges and bars downtown, and I'd say Smoke is overall more romantic and less crowded, and the music is definitely on par with more well-known places.
We happened to be here during restaurant week and enjoyed the prix fix menu. My husband had the hamburger that was very very good and I had the Jambalaya which was filled with shrimp, large pieces real crab meat. It was delicious. I wanted to try the chicken wings or the fried chicken but passed on the finger foods only to find myself sitting between two parties who ordered one of each. They were excited to partake in the dining experience. One young lady began eating the fried chicken with a fork and knife only to find herself about 2 minutes into the meal ditching the utensils and decided to go in on the chicken...hard...she steamed cleaned the bones.. I wanted to pull out my camera but refrained as this is a classy venue. The other couple dined on the chicken wings and they were as well excited about the wings and stated that the sauce was great and flavorful..another plate with steamed cleaned bones.... I was jealous! The music was fantastic ... remember this name VIVIAN SESSOMS Featuring Oscar Perez - Piano Mark Peterson - Bass Gerry Gibbs - Drums... A beautiful voice and spirit...she will be in my home state ...Ohio,,, I am checking my schedule as we speak. It is hard to find good food and music..but  we hit the jackpot...
I went to the late night set on a Sunday. No cover!  The Willem Delifort Quartet (actually a quintet) took the stage and did a blistering set of Hard Bob. Just after they started up the legendary alto sax player Lou Donaldson came to listen. He was 88 years old at the time and it was midnight on a Sunday night. He grooved the whole night till 2 am. You know the band is good if Lou comes out.  Near the end others came on stage and jammed too. Great club and great Jazz.
It's official: I'm in love with this place. Upon entering, there's a bar to your left and a seating area on the right and a small stage up front. The space is small and intimate and it's the perfect space to experience jazz. I made a reservation and I encourage everyone else to do the same since the space is so small. Every seat is a good seat. Gregory Generet and his band played. It was their last night until May, but hopefully the owner will see this review and change his mind. The band had a vibrant personality and talent and I'm disappointed that they won't be back for awhile. He personally went to every table and thanked them for coming. Gregory, thank you for the free CD and I hope your wife had a beautiful birthday. I ordered the jumbalaya and the portion was huge. It lacked flavor, but it wasn't anything that a little hot sauce couldn't fix. Our server --I forgot his name--was sweet and attentive. I'm a fan and I will be back soon! And bring Gregory back sooner :)
Great live jazz !  The service is always great! Ashlie and Keith make the best drinks : ). Intimate little spot full of life. Great for after church brunch or a sexy date night or even to go alone for something chill and relaxing. The food is ehh.. I recommend the omelette or  the popcorn shrimp. The chicken was a littlle dry n tasteless but fried perfectly n the waffle is not it! Personally I wouldn't  go there to get my grub on just enjoy the music, light bite, drinks, good service, and the ambience .
Very nice place! I enjoyed and loved Brianna Thomas show. She is a huge artist! Check before going when she is playing. You are not going to be disappointed! I swear. The prices are cool, drinks too and if a great show is rolling you can't ask for More! Very easy to go with the subway station so close. Great location.
WOW! My new favorite manhattan jazz place - and I've been going for 45 years Small, intimate, neighborhoody Great band, great venue; above average food Quiet policy as should be ( mintons take a lesson) Can't wait to take our friends
Great music, diabolically nasty food. My $40 steak was tasteless and tough, with a thick stripe of fat down one long side, and the onion rings tasted so strongly of baking soda they were inedible. Try to negotiate a seat without purchasing the mandatory main course, or else sit at the bar.
Brunch at the Smoke Jazz Club was a delightful way to spend a Sunday afternoon. It was comfortable and intimate, with great food and great music. Service was a little slow. And, although it says it's not good for kids, I found myself sitting next to some very young, "busy" children. But overall, it was a great experience and I would highly recommend it!
This is my favorite venue for quality jazz in an intimate setting. The decor is almost reminiscent of a David Lynch set with the red on the walls. A bit tacky, but so charming at the same time... It is pleasant, and I feel very comfortable coming here by myself. Interaction is easy because it's so small, but I can also come here and feel anonymous, yet welcome :) The hosts and waitresses are always very kind and do their very best to accommodate you, and the jazz musicians are very often friendly and approachable. I typically bring my guests here, and they are consistently delighted. I know what days to come and get the most of my evening, usually on the nights with no cover, and a 20$ consumption minimum. I will most often get the banana bread pudding or the berries and whipped cream, and a glass of champagne. It always makes for a perfect evening. One of the best jazz venues Manhattan has to offer!
All right, people. I DO NOT give five stars often, but this place really deserved it! Here's why: The music - Absolutely wonderful! No only was it just really good jazz, it was also super engaging and exactly what I needed on a Sunday as I spent quality time with the hubs. The food - I got an egg dish, the hubs got a burger and both were delicious. Also, amazing cocktails, super tasty! The only negative was the s'more brownie, not very good. The atmosphere - My husband and I staggered in here hungry, without a reservation, and looking for a great brunch on Sunday. We waited at the bar for a table, had a great cocktail, sat down not knowing what to expect and between the awesome drinks, food and music, we were transported for two hours to a romantic get-away. Seriously, it was wonderful!
In a word....Go! Enough said.
I really enjoy this place. Rarely a cover (and when there is one, it's a price minimum instead - and if you're with a friend, that's just a drink each.) for great music. The food is pretty good as well - loved the lamb sliders. Great ambience - nice dark decor and ambience. A great place to enjoy music with a S/O or just a friend. No need to talk, just enjoy the music. Not much more to say, just make sure you reserve in advance! It's a small space, and it's all the better for it. If you can, check this place out.
I remember the first time I went to Smoke:  one of my jazz groups had a jazz brunch there and because it's not far from my house and I love jazz, I thought I would go.  I have since been back many, many times. The jazz brunches are great -- always a wonderful performer, great food, great ambiance.  But to me, Smoke is most special at night.  It's a small, intimate place, which adds to the demeanor but when they turn the lights off and all you have is the flickering of the candles on the table, you feel as if you've been transported to heaven. Waiters and food servers glide effortlessly through such a small space.  The food appears as if by magic.  Your wine glass getting a little empty?  Just a mere nod to your food server and voila, there is another glass.  Delicious, savory food. And the music.  I must go to Smoke several times a year and have yet to be disappointed.  Smooth, sultry singers, jazz riffs that smoke the room or tease in a way you didn't even know was possible.  I had the pleasure of listening to the luminous Gregory Porter there and his performance was the highlight of the year.   I never feel rushed.  It's as if time slows to just a heartbeat, the earth shifts on its axis and you float away.  You're welcome to stay for additional sets; I've found myself sitting there with friends in the wee hours of the morning.  I have decided that Smoke is as close to heaven any of us will get whilst here on Planet Earth.  Bravo.
Excellent time, the music was great, staff was friendly and the food was very good too!  Would definitely go again but after I've visited all the other jazz clubs in the city!  Location is good for me so its convenient.
After unsuccessfully looking for soul food places at 11:30 PM Yelp led us here. I was a little apprehensive at first because of the size, and I thought live band meant they would charge us extra but after 20 minutes of listening to the awesome sounds ofJohnny O'Neal nothing really mattered. We were out celebrating my wife's birthday and the manager allowed us to bring our own cake in. At one point during the evening the entire club including Mr O'Neal sung happy birthday to my wife. Good music,  good food, and good people.  It doesn't get any better than that!
A big group of us neglected to make reservations but the host and bartender were more than willing to accommodate us. Their kindness and care was refreshing. We'll definitely be back. The drinks are expensive but there's no cover. AND great jazz.
I had high expectations for Smoke and I must say I was a bit let down. If you present yourself as a jazz supper club, you need to deliver on the food. You can't force me to pay $40 for the concert and another $50-70 for food and then present culinary mediocrity, especially since dining is basically mandatory. The concert (Brad Mehldau) was a bomb, but the lamb sliders and the jambalaya were a bust. Call yourself a soul food establishment and serve up the blandest, most watered-down jambalaya in the know universe? Fired. 4 stars for the music, 2 for the food.
its small but very cozy atmosphere. Two shows, at 7pm or at 9pm. Im not sure if this happens after the 7pm show But after the 9 pm show, the floor is open for any musicians interested in playing jazz.. The food was very good.. i had the brussel sprouts as appetizer and the seared salmon as entree and i recommend both; it was a great deal becaus ewith the Prix-fix option you get both for the price of $29. its an older and matured crowd and the atmosphere is very casual. Although it was a Monday night, i was very surprise to see a full house.  a reservation is a must if you want a table. i will definitely visit again..
If you love Jazz/Blues/live music...  smoke is the type of spot you have always imagined spending a few hours in! The place is relatively small, however I never felt crowded or cramped in it.  The staff was very friendly and extremely attentive. My friend knew the vocalist, one of the coolest most talented vocalist I've met! Mr. Gregory Generet (who is married to the lovely Tamara Tumi, watching her husband perform 3 sets with such love, admiration and appreciation was fantastic!), the man is gifted! The range of his voice, it was as if it was an additional instrument to the already talented band he had with him! He sang everything from classic Jazz, a few blue tunes to an incredible rendition of "What's Going On."  This spot was a gem! There was one drawback... the food.  I had the southern fried chicken, I try to stay away from fried food, but friend chicken at a jazz joint... what could go wrong, right? A Lot could go wrong! My chicken was dry, bland, and greasy - all at the same time! I was momentarily crushed... until the music started playing! The drinks were very generous and strong! So if you're in the neighborhood, if you have a date that loves Jazz music, by all means stop in - this place will not fail to impress the most discerning jazz lover!
I absolutely love this place! Great music, intimate setting, delicious food. The cheesecake is heavenly, and the Sunday brunch is fantastic. Just an overall great place. You won't regret stopping by.
Wow! This place was super cool. It was a small intimate venue where you can actually talk to the artists! They were some of the best Ive ever hear too. The service here was spot on and the food was great! They had a soul food type menu, so I ordered the popcorn shrimp and winter veggie salad. They serve old fashioned drinks too...my neighbor had a dark and stormy which looked good but I just stuck with wine. I hope to be back here soon to see some more great jazz!
I love jazz, so when I found this place I was pretty excited. Making a reservation was easy, and the moment we arrived, the hostess was great to us.  The food and drinks were pretty good and despite a full house, the waiter was extremely quick and attentive.  Though the band was off too a bit of a late start, the music ok. The only warning I'd have is that the place is a little small and live music in a place this size can be a little loud on the ears.
First class jazz club. Gotta visit this place at least ONCE in your life! Came here for the first time last Thursday and absolutely LOVED it. The singing - oh so smooth. The music - awesome, and loved how they mixed authentic jazz with other oldies. The acoustics in this place are great and allow you to truly appreciate the music. Tip: Come here on a weeknight.  I mean, paying a cover charge is worth it, but why bother when you can enter for free?? We also opted not to do the prix-fix dinner option ($30), and dropped by after dinner for drinks for the 9:00pm set. I personally thought it was a great idea. We were lucky and managed to grab a cosy table in the back and had some really good drinks. Would love to visit again in the near future.
We went for a 7pm performance on Christmas Eve and loved the music. However, it was only an hour-long performance. That's pretty short for $40 a person + mandatory entree of at least $25. The space is tiny. You are practically touching shoulders your neighbors, just like on the subway, and that's not always pleasant. The FAQ placed on the table is pretty severe (you must order an entree, you must do this, you must do that...). We tried our best to order an entree, but it's next to impossible to find something good without fish or meat in it. In short, great music, but a very restrictive atmosphere and definitely overpriced.
This place is just cool. In the interest of full disclosure, I must say that I haven't been to many jazz clubs. And it's totally possible that clubs downtown, as opposed to uptown Smoke, are a notch above. But I seriously doubt it because Smoke is one cool cat. They know their genre and have done a great job of creating a mood and a venue to listen to serious jazz. And hey, it's not like uptown has never heard jazz before -- Harlem is home to many of the greats. So, if you've never been to Smoke or thought about going, make a reservation and catch some live jazz. Even better, bring a date, this is the kind of place that chicks dig. One more thing: I spied on some tables enjoying the food and it all looked great, though I would rather eat elsewhere and just enjoy the jazz with some scotch or wine.
I made a 9:30 reservation for my husband and arrived with two minutes to spare, and they found our name on the list. But for some reason, we were asked to wait in the cold line outside. A minute later, we were sat at our table. So no big deal. I think there was just some initial confusion. We waited at our table, and waited, and waited. 9:50, our waitress arrives to help the table next to us. The man orders his date a drink and asks if she could replace a cheese stuffed olive he had tragically dropped 15 minutes before. Then asks that she help us; I guess he had seen us waiting and was trying to be thoughtful. Instead of apologizing for having us wait for 20 minutes, she tells him, "I was just about to take their drink order" with that fake-smiley "I KNOW" attitude. I've been a waitress. I've made mistakes. A person should own up to a 20 minute wait. We order a bottle of wine and ask for water as well...........ten more minutes go by. I actually ask my husband if he wants to leave and go eat at Toast next door. (We'd seen a few empty tables on our walk over). I'm starting to become embarrassed for picking this spot for his special birthday dinner. While waiting for our drink to arrive, he notices a card on the table that says the entertainment charge for the evening is $35. That's kinda pricey, but I'm a musician, so that's fine. I appreciate the arts. The waitress shows up with our bottle of red at 10PM and takes our order. Husband gets the burger with cheese and the side oven fries, I get the salmon with baby potatoes. 10:20 we get our food. I can't believe what I see. My husband's burger looks great, but the oven fries are not oven fries; they are definitely kettle chips and only 12 of them. Also, his cheese (extra charge of $2.50) is a white cream sauce. I manage to bring our waitress over and she confirms that the cheese is a slice of cheddar but in a white-runny-form. When I further press that his burger was supposed to arrive with oven fries, not kettle chips, she states that those are Smoke's version of oven fries. It looks like they just got creative because they were low on potatoes or something. Let's look at my salmon ($26).....first of all, it is supposed to come with cockles, baby potatoes, and melted leeks. I see a 2.25 inch by 2.25 inch piece of salmon with VERY BABY POTATOES. So baby, that they might not even exist. I counted 6 leek coins and 6 BABY potato coins. That equals three baby potatoes that were cut in half that are the size of my thumb nail. My husband offers me a bite of his burger (which is really tasty) seeing the size of my meal. While the salmon is fresh, I'm not getting my socks knocked off by the taste. The good news about our small meals is that there's room for dessert. We order the wine infused pear shortcake-like item. What comes out is very humorous at this point: two cold sugar cookies sandwiching three red pear slices with some whipped cream. I thought that this was under fine dining. If we're covering the music charges, why does it seem like the food is suffering under these menu prices? All the while, the band was playing 5 songs. Scatting about, having a good time. I'm happy to be watching them. They are really good. But then the trombone player says they don't want to burden us their presence much longer. I think to myself, I see about 25 tables here paying $35 a pop. You're good, and to be entertained is no burden. We get the bill. Without tip, $199. I think about what we had and see the culprit. The music charge is $35 PER PERSON. I look at the card on the table and it only says that the music charge for the evening is $35. Every table is a table for two and we had wrongly assumed that it was $35 per table. Was the band good? Yes. They were good. Are they worth $70? I paid less for Ray LaMontagne tickets. Also, they didn't do what musicians should do. Play a bit over their time and appreciate the audience. I once played a five hour set with no breaks because the audience loved our band that much. Would I do that all the time? No. But then again, I wasn't getting paid half as much. It's not like they left right away after their set. I think my favorite part of the night were the incredible people sitting around our table. While the setting is intimate, it was fun getting to know the neighboring tables and laugh with them. My husband and I laughed about this night with our friends at the birthday-party I threw him the next evening, so we like to think of it as our "$200 + Tip" joke. Bottom line - if you are paying $200 + 15-20% tip at the end of the night for two people, the experience and food should leave a good feeling in your gut. At the very least, your gut should be full. I award them a star for the ambiance and a star for the band. I can't award a star for the service, the food/menu, or the over all experience. If we go back, it will only be for drinks and music on a night that costs less than $35 per person up front.
I came here with a good friend from one of my social networking groups.  We were both somewhat disappointed as we were hoping for singing and Scat singing of old school jazz standards, as it was my good friend's first experience for jazz, and my third exposure to the industry.  I was hoping for singing where singers scat and dance or even swing dance to the rythm of music.  Disappointedly a pitcher of Sangria has been removed from their menu with the lame duck claim direct from our waitress:  "too messy to prepare, gets spoiled easily despite of its popularity." Upon entering this establishment the bouncer rudely waved his hand ushering me out the door to wait for a table before I could say that my party have reservations via Open Table. com.  Personally, Smoke Jazz & Supper Club is over-rated by Zagat and other resources. Food selection is minimal, but a good selection of drinks.  A full bar indeed as I opt a Virgin Piña Colada due to feeling dizzy from enduring a full eight hour day at my work place without air conditioner on a hot and humid summer day. There is a $9.00 music cover charge; $20.00 minumim food/drink order.  A live band nearly every night that plays three sets at 8pm; 10pm and 11:30pm.  Thus, patrons beware to dig deeper into your wallet for one night of eating, drinking and be merry.  The stage is minutely small for a 16 piece orchestra band as band members invade each other's personal space. Rather than a traditional business card, Smoke Jazz opt for a mini menu for their jazz brunch along with their contact details and web site. I recommend sitting next to the window if patrons will sit through the band's set as the music will be monster-truck loud.  I do not recommend this nightclub/restaurant for children.  With the high price, and lack of old school jazz standards (Scat singing) I do not plan to make a return visit.
This place is terrible, went last week and the food was very bad the music isn't regular jazz it's some sort of terrible sound, do not go! The food was worse than the microwavable food or school lunch, not quite sure what is worse! Do yourself a favor and stay away! And if you do go, please dont have the ribs because you will not want to eat ribs ever again!
This is a very cool upscale jazz club on the UWS.  The acoustics are great and the musicians are top knotch. Saw Joe Locke the other night. I highly recommend him. The wine list is decent. Not sure about the food. The atmosphere is relaxed and there's usually a good crowd. Smoke is now one of my go-to places when I want to impress a special lady friend.
Came here and had a great time listening to some good ole jazz (courtesy of David Hazeltine and All For One) and nibbling (sounds much more elegant than the actual "scarfing down" I did) a pear tart with sorbet, followed by some amazing muscat, highly recommended by our server.   The staff here is courteous and welcoming.  I enjoyed myself immensely.  What prevents me from giving the place 5 stars is the arctic temperature of the club. You'd think, with a name like SMOKE, it would be somewhat warm.  WRONG!  I'm still trying to recover use of my frostbitten feet.   Will return....next time with a down comforter and mittens.
Making the trip to Manhattan Valley: $2 metro and 40 minute subway ride Awesome mulled apple cider: $6 Tasty smoked salmon and eggs brunch plate: $10 Tax and gratuities: $4.02 Scrumptious tiered bread platter that had croissants (regular and chocolate), cinnamon caramelized toasts, those sugary crunchy twisty sticks, two kinds of jam, and butter: COMPLIMENTARY Three hours of live jazz music: COMPLIMENTARY Having a leisurely Saturday afternoon brunch, while listening to jazz in a small intimate space that's NOT overcrowded with people:  um, PRICELESS!!   I did a quick scan of the individual ratings for this place and it seems like it's really a hit or miss for most people.  I just want to say that I am TRULY BAFFLED by those who thought this place was a miss.  Good jazz + good brunch + good price! + elbow room! .... how can you go wrong??
We'd like to play a composition called "a lil somethin"... a one a two a one two.... and this goes on till 3am. These jazz musicians are way TOO COOL. Just sit back against the red velvet sofas and try to absorb some of the "cool" because they have got plenty of it to go around. I wish I played the flugelhorn like Mr. Hendrix up on the stage. Just kick'n back. The happy hour only starts at 11:30pm. Cooool.
This is where the jazz gets real, up the subway line to the Upper West Side (Harlem starts at 110th St, this is only 106th). This is my favorite.  Real jazz affectionados, a mix of the city's finest and less-than-finest, all not giving a damn about each other, just enjoying the music.  No drunk punks trying to impress the girls.  Not too many tourists, and they're likely to be Europeans really into their jazz.  Excellent jazz, from early to very late.  There are plenty of taxis outside late at night, so taking the subway back to wherever you're staying should not be the problem.  Forcing yourself to leave because you have to get up early for meetings the next day will be the problem.
Had a great experience here with my fiance. We celebrated our anniversary here last night. We loved the ambiance and overall vibe of the establishment.  Ms. Williams (executive chef) was excellent with her presence on the floor making sure her guests were having an excellent experience. I definitely recommend this venue if you just want to relax, listen to live music and have a great time.
I came into NY from SFO this evening, and with the help of Yelp, I decided to hit the last set at Smoke.  What a great, cozy, comfortable place to hear live jazz.  Nothing comes close to it in the SF Bay Area.  Sunday evening the last set is at 11:30 pm, perfect if one is on West Coast time.  Further, there was no cover.  Drinks are about $13 a pop, but it's worth it to hear the music.  The was a Latin Jazz sextet that blew some very beautiful tunes. Oh, and the cab ride from Midtown to the UWS was only $10.  great deal.
This is a great neighborhood spot!! Early in the week there is no door cover, but there still is the $15 bar or $20 Table (per person) drink/food min. The door cover resumes as the week wears on. Some great talent plays here. It's also VERY VERY SMALL. So, don't hesitate to hop onto opentable.com and make yourself a reservation...otherwise you will end up waiting in the line that forms outside most every night! UPDATE: March 2008 Smoke serves food now (has for some months but wanted to test it out before adding this.) Food was good - music - GREAT!!!
I *did* return to Smoke Jazz & Supper Club. This time, things were a little different. I was with Mara G.; we scored a table! The cover was $30! The band was a little different. (The Curtis Fuller Quintet was nice, but different.) (Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it. It was just different.) I didn't get the full 2-course dinner. I had the butternut squash soup. It was on the sweet side; finished with roasted apples and pumpkin seeds. It was much thicker than previous bowls I've had this season at other restaurants. And I had the elderflower martini (absolutely delicious!) instead of wine. Differences or not, I still enjoyed Smoke Jazz & Supper Club and will definitely stop in again! I'm still a fan!
During the week (Sun-Thur) there is a $15 drink minimum, but no cover.  The jazz is pretty good.  The venue is small, but intimate and the sound is good.  $12 for a Beefeater martini (and the olives are excellent) is fair.  Sets at 9, 11 and 12.30.  I avoid it on the weekends (big cover, and it's not really better than the weeknights) but during the week, it's a nice night out.  Definitely a good date. I was there tonight, and they were recording a live CD, so the band was on their game, it was some spectacular music.
Just perfect. I saw Lou Donaldson here recently. He wasn't even the headliner. He was a guest to a bonus set well after the 11:30 p.m. show ended. Good space. Good food. Good service. Great music. This is a great piece of New York and jazz.
Awesome show last night with Jimmy Cobb and his "quartet." Some serious runs on the piano with Cables, the bassist and baritone sax. It's a bit sad to see these greats playing to a half empty Smoke Jazz Club but it was a wintry night. I just feel for the players. Can they make a living playing like that? The food was obviously overpriced and just decent but no one complains with entertainment like that. The drinks were good. Friendly service. The cheesecake and berries with homemade whipped cream was delightfully and surprisingly great.
One of the most legit places to hear jazz in NYC. The acoustics are awesome in here. If you want to experience what real jazz is like, this is the place to go. However, it is tiny, and everything is overpriced. Still, music is unbetable!
Avoid Smoke if you are looking for either a comfortable place to relax (the seating layout is awful) or good jazz (the quality of performances is frankly among the worst in the city).   That being said, I still visit Smoke every once in a while, as it is the only jazz club in my neighborhood.
Nice place for Sunday brunch. We went there for Sunday brunch when the jazz show is no cover. There was an hour show that was very nice and even for free, or to be accurate, in the meal price. They have entrees for 14$-20$, cocktails for 12$ and desserts for 7$. The food is not so good but average, I'll give 3 stars, but the service and the band - 5 stars. Great atmosphere!
The jazz is hot, the vibe is cool, the food is FANTASTIC. This place rocks. Can't wait to go back.
Anytime I've been to a jazz joint, it's always cost an arm and a leg.  But not here.  For this spot, a friend's friend didn't perform until 11:30pm, but we had fun going around Tap a Keg and Toast in the meantime. It's all the way up in the Harlem area, and it was well worth it.  We got a table right away, right up front.  The performance was FABULOUS-it was hip hop/jazz...just how I like it.  Everyone was in good spirits, the crowd was swaying to the beat....good times.  Gotta love the positivity! Getting hours of awesome entertainment?  I'd definitely bring some out-of-towners here!
I went here a few days ago with a few friends and had a great time. The jazz (performed by the Eddie Henderson Quartet) was phenomenal. I'm no jazz buff, but it sounded fantastic.  The venue is intimate and cozy, without being too cramped. The food was surprisingly tasty (veggie sandwich), if way overpriced. I highly recommend an evening at Smoke, just beware the $25 cover and high food prices. It's a great way to kick back and watch some live music. (As with most jazz bars: funky glasses, velvet or suede jackets and rhythm not included.)
I used my trusty yelp app to guide us to this gem! Since our hotel was right by this place and the Mr loves him some Jazz, we decided to give this place a go! The place was small yet has a sultry and romantic feel to it. When you walk in, there is a bar to your left and to the right there is seating. Booths and tables. They can pretty much accompany any size party (between 2-10 I'd assume) There is a small stage where they have live Jazz bands and singers perform each night. We decided have a late dinner there as well. As for the food it wasn't too bad. We ordered the heirloom tomato salad, roasted corn soup and black truffle coq au vin. I like that this place uses organic or local ingredients as much as they can. Okay back to the food. The heirloom tomato salad had too many croutons. Since the description didn't mention that it had crouton's, the Mr. was a little disappointed. The roasted corn soup had a nice light flavor that didn't feel too heavy. If you like corn, this soup is for you! I slurped it right up along with my wine! The Coq au vin was very delicious. I loved the variety of flavors in this dish. The chicken was very moist but my only complaint is it was a bit bland. I was expecting more flavor from something so moist. But overall I tore that thing UP! LOL The quartet that was playing that night was pretty good. The singer Eve or Eva, she was great! The Mr was singing and groovin in his seat all night I had to quiet him down a few times! Lol I highly recommend this place if you're looking to unwind and have a romantical evening with your boo or your girlfriends. It was a welcoming, relaxed vibe. We will definitely return when we head back east.
As I'm completely ignorant regarding jazz, I'm not going to discuss the quality of music at all other than simply saying that to my uneducated ears, the band was good and I enjoyed it. Accordingly, the three stars refers to everything except the music itself. Smoke has a cool atmosphere. It is very intimate, which is a plus, without feeling crowded. Of course, the night I was there it wasn't completely full, so it might feel cramped if there were a lot of people there. Because it's small, most of the seats are quite choice, but there is a pole on one side of the stage, obscuring my view of some of the performers. I felt the food was actually quite solid. Nothing crazy, nothing you'd go out of your way to eat, but good. It isn't going to distract you from enjoying the music and that is a positive thing. I had the Pepsi short ribs. Definitely flavorful, but perhaps a bit tough, especially compared to expertly-done short ribs. Because it's such a small place, you have to stay quiet, which is fine. This led to a pretty funny moment when an obnoxiously blond girl basically stood in front of the stage and yelled to a friend sitting at a nearby table in the fashion that you might yell to talk over the music in a club. Difference is, in this club, everyone (other than her, I guess) is there to hear the music. She was promptly and brutally "shushed." Hysterical. She then settled in to checking her blackberry right in front of the stage. Classy. So, I'd hit up Smoke if you're a jazz fan or would like to become a jazz fan.  It's a good time and clearly the focus of the place. Because I'm not a huge jazz person myself, I only see myself coming here every once in a while.
What an awesome experience!! Thanx to Lenny from Saju(another excellent NY experience) for recommending this place. Enjoyed the music and ambiance of course, but the staff was very courteous.
I love this place, this is part of the reason I love to live on upper west side. The cocktail is good. Try their martini, Manhattan, steaks. Sunday brunch is a big saving if you order chicken and pancake, the portion can be share for two people ^^
Red and white interior, brick walls, and candles that set a romantic feeling when you walk in. Def a date place. We had the best seats in the house because we were the first to show up. The show lasts an hour and there are not much options on the menu for food but for drinks there are a lot of pages. Come on Thursdays, I overheard one of the players on this day was nominated an oscar award.   Appetizers: Roasted Corn Soup- Creamy corn soup. Nothing fab. Crostini- YUMMY!!! Little pearl onions that keep dropping from the crostini when I take a bite along with the peas. Nice mixture of flavors with crunch! Entrees: Black Truffle Coq Au Vin-We ordered this dish to have the mash potatoes, veggies and the sauce. The mash potatoes were the soft crushed type and we mixed the veggies and sauce with our rice dish b/c it was too boring to us. The chicken fed my dog and stray cats and they loved it. =p Hand Cut Semolina Pasta-It reminded me of lasagna. This dish was dry and boring too. Vegetarian Spring Risotto - Mushrooms does wonders to a dish. Again, we were not so happy with the flavors so we added the veggies and sauce from the chicken dish. It did not have a creamy consistency like it was suppose to. Dessert: Fresh Berry Shortcake-First time I had shortcake and I wasn't so impressed by it. The serving was not proportional. The cake overpowered the filling. Peach Upside down cake- First time I had this too and I enjoyed it. But after having a few more bites, it tasted sickening. The show was good but the food was not. Our server was terrible too. He had the worse attitude.
Not a huge fan of Jazz bars, but I live above this one so I guess I had to grow to like it. I haven't been here for dinner service yet, but I pop in everyone once and a while and grab a drink. The selection rotates a lot with a lot of different performers coming through and you can find very charming guests to have a conversation with at the bar anytime you come in. I find the crowd here much more friendly and relaxed here and lot less nose in the air than some spots in the village. Definitely give it a try if you are in the area, it is very romantic and always seems to be buzzing which is a good sign!
Came here with a couple of friends one night and had a blast!  Although the space is a bit cramped and you basically are forced to become buddies with the table next to you, the five of us managed to order all our food/drinks and get quite comfortable! We had to squeeze around and maneuver a bit, but hey, its New York. There is a minimum on how much you have to spend, but it's not so crazy.  If you order two drinks, or an entree, you should be fine.  I got their drinks, which were actually quite strong yet delicious!  Also the food looked really yummy, and they honored their free dessert check-in deal!  They five of us split a cheesecake :) The music is so much fun, and the whole vibe is relaxed and sophisticated.  The music definitely appeals to a wide range of audience, and the singer had a gorgeous voice.  he did some classic jazz covers, but also played songs from his own band. The guitarist and drummer were also amazingly talented!  Some of the songs can get a little cliche, and there was a bit of an Al Green "let's get it on" vibe going on, but it's great if you are on a date :) There were lots of couples on dates here, but also just groups of friends having fun, and some elderly guests too.  Apparently, This place appeals to everyone! Once the music starts, it's a bit hard to get the waiter's attention since they usually stand on the side when the music is playing, and also you have to practically shout in their ear so that they can hear what you need.  But they are really good at moving around in small spaces!  I was impressed. Also, I wouldn't recommend taking people you don't really know here, since once the music starts you can't have a conversation at all.  Unless you hate conversing with the people you are with.. then this is the perfect place to go! Overall, I really love this space!  It's something really different and fun for a night out, and great music is almost guaranteed!  And although you can't get up and dance, which is what I usually love to do, it's a nice place for a rather unique/inexpensive experience!
Cool place. My parents were town, and we needed a place that was age appropriate but fun. We had such a great time. The food and drinks were good, but the jazz band was amazing! I'm not even a jazz music person! I was very impressed with this place. I would totally go back sans parents!
Amazing!!!
Cozy place. Nice ambience for the whole Jazz feel. Good music and good food. Reserve your place in advance. P.S: The blackened cat fish and NY cheese cake are pretty darn good!
Smoke is a hidden treasure. I recall this location used to be called the Augie's and it was frequented mostly by the Columbia students. in 1999 current owners Paul and Frank took over the place and converted to be what it is now, a Supper Club with outstanding music and with the recent arrival of well-known chef Patricia Williams, exceptional food. It is located in a mid-block between 105th and 106th on Broadway so easy to miss. Once inside there is a full length bar take the left side of the space and the right side offers about twenty or so table for diners. There is a small stage at the far end of the room. ( it is small but they still manage to fit 16 piece jazz band on Thursday nights. Their music calendar is full top class jazz bands seven days a week. Saturdays and Sundays they also have jazz brunch with no music charge (normal music cover charge is $9). Tables are small and the seating is tight but somehow you don't mind it when great food and music get together. Chef Patricia Williams, formerly of Butterfield 81, Morrels, District and Nios revamped the menu and added some amazing seasonal dishes to both dinner and brunch menus. They no longer take dinner reservations but instead you buy your tickets for the music and you specify if you want dining room or bar seating. It's now one of my new favorite places in NYC.
I've been to a  bunch of jazz clubs in New York, and this is by far my favorite spot.  It's totally the kind of place where other musicians go to check each other out and hang.  It's a small place, with room for about 100 people and it's a ways uptown in Harlem.  There's isn't too much going on in the surrounding neighborhood, but on the flipside, it just means that only folks in the know will make the trip to Smoke.   The room has an intimate feel, with dark wood tables, antique chairs, cushy sofas, red velvet curtains, hanging chandeliers and candlelight flickering on the exposed brick walls.  Most importantly, the music is great and the sound in the room is excellent.  Unless there is a special event scheduled, there is no cover on weeknights (though I believe there is a drink minimum).  On weekends, expect the cover to be around $20-30 depending on how big the acts are.
I was fortunate enough to try this place on a weekend for brunch during one of the live shows.  The lady performing was a spectacular singer and it was a great experience!  This place is best if you want a cozy entertainment setting.  It's not a place to catch up with old friends over brunch.  The restaurant has a great vibe to it.  I would rate the ambiance a 5/5. Since there was a performance at the same time as us ordering, it was difficult to get the attention of the waitress in order to give in our order.  Since that's expected, I can't really complain about the service.   As for the food...I ordered a vegetarian omelet, but requested that they give egg whites instead.  The tater tots and salad that came with the omelet was delicious, but the omelet itself was bland and oily (which kind of defeats the purpose of ordering egg whites in the first place!).   I also tried the french toast with the banana fosters sauce -- it was amazing!  Very rich/heavy, but a smooth flavor.   We had a dark chocolate mousse for dessert (Yelp deal to get a free dessert with purchase!).  The dessert was delicious! The only real complaint I would have is that the restaurant had some trouble with splitting the check properly.  The amounts showing up on the individual four receipts added up to more than the original bill.  The issue was resolved with the help of the manager, and everything was fine.   I would definitely recommend coming in time for one of the shows!
Very Good Jazz Music and Singing. Quite impressive, the saxophone player even announced one of his CD's had won a grammy THAT night. How crazy is that!!! Food had good flavor, but one of our dishes came back cold. Go for the Jazz!
I swear, good music makes food taste better. Smoke has the whole package! Dinner and jazz here was the highlight of my last visit to NY. The food was fantastic, the wine was great, and the service was perfect. I would eat dinner here even if there weren't any music. The timing of service was excellent--it's like they read my mind--and it didn't interrupt the show. Do make reservations, as the space is small (which is great once the music starts). Can't wait to come back! :)
