Formerly a firehouse, now a theater and a jewel of an experience, the Bergen County Players is an exciting community theater group producing 1st class plays whether drama or musicals. Sometimes it's a revival and sometimes it's a new work.   I just saw The Drowsy Chaperone and it was nothing short of fabulous.  You would have thought you were at a Broadway theater - it truly was that good.  I've been to other productions and they were all very well done.   At $24 for a ticket it's an affordable opportunity to enjoy great theater without the aggravation and expense of going to Manhattan.  Consider this - you get to support local theater and save the $50-75 it will costs just to get to Broadway and park. I'd rather spend that on dinner out locally than on tolls and parking in NY. Yes the seats are old, yes it's not perfect but it's awfully awfully good.  You will not be disappointed and there's something really sweet about this friendly theater from the box office to the ushers.  It's a very cool place.
Saw the musical comedy "The Drowsy Chapirone" tonight (9/11/14). The show is very funny with dozens of musical theater humorous references. The cast and production are really good. I highly recommend this delightful show. It runs every Friday and Saturday night, and Sunday afternoon until 10/11/14.
I dated a girl briefly who used to work here and saw a show she was the producer of. The show itself was good. The bergen County Players are located in a converted theatre that used to be a firehouse. It's a very quaint old-time theatre that has a nice look on the inside and outside. Yes, its local theatre and not broadway but they work hard and do a good job. However the audience shall we say are elderly to put it nicely and they don't exactly attract a young crowd.
I have to disagree with one of the previous reviewers. There are definitely bad seats that should be avoided. While the theater is small, it is very narrow and the ceilings are very low. As such, the sound doesn't travel well. If you are unfortunate to have seats in the back, as we did during "To Kill a Mockingbird" production, you will miss half of the lines due to bad acoustics. We thoroughly enjoyed the talented cast and the play, but will return only if seats in the first section are available.
I am a fan of community theater and this is no exception.  Today I saw a performance of Arthur Miller's "The Price" which was professionally acted and very satisfying.  The box office was very friendly--that's another extra plus for local theatre!  I don't usually rate the audience, but since the previous reviewer made mention, so I looked around and saw a diverse crowd.  ONE CAVEAT:  BEWARE THE PARKING SITUATION.  The website will give instructions on the safe areas to park your vehicle.  Enjoy!
