This place is awesome, the food is great and very fresh. Please don't think twice to walk in there and order EVERYTHING on the menu (since their food prices are ridiculously inexpensive). Don't forget to try their baklava...enjoy!
Love love this place!!! The best greek food in the  Bronx! The staff are wonderful.  My favorite dish is the orzo salad and the chicken souvlaki is on point.
I have been going to Greek Express since they opened and love the food! I have gone for lunch with friends and have also ordered take-out and everyone enjoys the meal. I am happy that they are in the neighborhood.
Gave it another try, was much happier! Fast and friendly service, tried the vegetarian mix, loved it! The place was not crowded, but seemed to have many regulars seated, and coming in for take-out. Overall, very good experience!
This place is awesome, their food is amazing! Their service was great and I will definitely go back. Our waiter was such a sweet heart  Thank You Greek Express.
I hate being a party pooper, but overall Greek express might be more of a 3.5 star. I rounded to 4 because service was great (you really feel the mom and pop hospitality) and everything was really fresh and home made (get the baklava!!!!). However, value for money wise and portions were not anything outstanding. I would definitely recommend getting their home made baklava. Amazing flaky layers with fresh pistachios and that sweet honey sauce. I loved that the entire pastry was NOT soaking in syrup like baklava in most other places, indicating how freshly homemade theirs was.
This is a quaint place that is as advertised. The Greek decor is bold and bumps up on the line of ostentatious without crossing over. The food was good if not great. But for the price, it cannot be beat. Give it a try. You will be glad you did
Amazing food, the stuffed grape leaves were very good, but what really made it fantastic for me was the grilled Octopus, WoW!!! I've never had octopus so tender and deliciously grilled ever! My mom had the Bifteki, Greek burger which was very good as well and I Had the giant white bean salad :) very impressed, come again!! Such a gem! Staff is very sweet as well
Just a great food experience and a wonderful hole-in-the-wall experience. The entire store is run by a mom-pop duo and all of their food is served fresh, delicious and full of love and flavors. For my skeptical viewers, I am biased towards family joints, but this restaurant embodies everything that is great about a true family run dinner joint. The initial hummus platter was incredibly unique with garlic hummus, roe hummus (which was certainly tasty, although a hit or miss for some), regular (for lack of a better description) and with peppers. We also shared a meat assortment dish with some of the juiciest chicken kebobs, lamb-beef gyros and beef patties (forgot the official term). The shrimp gyro was mildly forgettable, unfortunately, but the moussaka was amazing! I normally do not like baklava, but after trying my first fresh, non soggy honey goodness, I can see why people go nuts for these dessert items. The baklava was warm, felt like it came straight out of the oven and extremely crunchy and delicious. My sweet tooth almost fell out after eating such an amazing dessert. Overall, this place will definitely satisfy that hunger for authentic Greek food and your wallet  will love you! Food: 5 stars Service: 4 stars Price: 4 stars Ambiance: 3 stars
I loved this place! I found it through yelp while looking for a place to go with my family. The owner, servers and rest of the staff were very courteous and friendly. They were beyond respectful and so so sweet to my grandmother: making her laugh and giving her special attention. They were very generous in helping us in to make special seating arrangements for her. The server and rest of the staff were attentive, and we never felt rushed. The food was also very good! I got the chicken skewers. My sister had a gyro, which was delicious. Other members of my family had a salad and the falafel wrap. All of it, including the deserts, were perfectly made!
Delicious. Coming from Astoria it's tough to compete but quality food. One stat loss due to slow service, but will be back.
Coming here a bunch times at a younger age I had never ordered in. Today I ordered in 3 chicken souvlakis. After almost an hour and a half they finally come to my house with the souvlakis. The good is great but their service needs to be worked on.
Have you been in since the renovations? I feel like I just walked into what is supposed to be portrayed as Greece. Colorful, Open, Airy, and ample seating. WHAT A HUGE CHANGE! Luckily, not everything changed: the food is still as awesome as it was in the past. Their moussaka is delicious. Their chicken souvlaki platter comes with Greek salad. And the service, wow, its about as close to hospitality from someone's own home. Bravo, Greek Express. I enjoyed my meal and the new atmosphere!
We found the food to be less than expected and not on par with many other greek eateries.
Is there even a lower rating? Another waste of precious space with another lousy restaurant in Riverdale.  So bad one waits to see if maybe they got sick.  And the waiter was horrible.  It was hard not to ask if they had any idea how terrible it all is.  I felt like apologizing to my stomach. I notice a lot of 4 & 5 star reviews - are you all members of the owner's family?!
I tried feta cheese and pork souvlaki and they were both great. Souvlaki might be more expensive than in Greece but it's still really good value for money.
Great food experience. The food is fresh and very tasty. We were greeted by the owner and felt very welcomed. This place is a gem! I will be back.
Wish I could give it a 5 stars with an asterisk. Best food in Riverdale, but such a popular place, it's almost  impossible to get food delivered on a Friday or Saturday night because their phone is always busy.
I like everything about this place.  We only use them for take-out.  They're quick and the food is always high quality for the price.  One gyro platter feeds two, the fries and salad are both delicious and the rice pudding is a great dessert to finish off with.  These guys are typically our Netflix night-in dinner food.  The staff is always friendly and delivery is quick.  This is a local business we are proud to support. Would definitely recommend Greek Express for take-out.
I order from here weekly when I'm home in Riverdale and have been for years. They recently raised their prices (the realtors in Riverdale jack up the rent for commercial space on Riverdale & Johnson Avs., so I understand their need to do so). I keep patronizing their establishment because their food over time has remained consistently good.  Quality ingredients and good execution.  We need more places like this in Riverdale.  My only wish is that they had a website where you could order online. They should consider teaming up with eat24hours, grubhub or seamless to increase their business even more if they can't create their own website, but they're still small so I'll keep hoping... In my mind, I think they're a bit better than Christos (which is down the hill in the Bronx (Kingsbridge)), and have a more extensive menu that showcases Greek cuisine.  I highly recommend their kalamari, mesogiaki salad with that beautifully grilled and tasty halloumi cheese (w/gyro meat), baklava, and just about everything else.  Not too many things that I haven't eaten that I haven't liked.  I'm Sicilian, and after Italian food, Greek food is #2 on my list. I've eaten Greek food all over, and have lived in and eaten extensively in Europe and in Greek places here in New York City, and this is pretty good stuff overall as long as the execution is good, as the ingredients are usually on point. In short, are they a little pricey? Probably, but if you want consistent food and quality ingredients in Riverdale, I can't think of a better take out place at the moment. I've also gone and picked up some of my orders since my residence is close by, and the father and son are very friendly.  Really great to have them here serving quality food.
My roommate and I had this for lunch today and let me tell you, it was really good! I had a gyro with french fries and he had a falafel with french fries and a coffee. The total came out to $20.80, and it was worth every penny spent, and more. Overall the food tasted really fresh. The meat had a really great flavor to it, the pita tasted fresh, the lettuce and tomato were crisp, everything was perfect. The waiter, who seemed like an older Greek fellow, who I'm guessing is the owner served us the food and had a really great personality. The only downside was the renovations being made right next to us, so it was a little noisy but not constantly. It's good to know they're updating or expanding their dining area because there's only about six tables in total. I wouldn't remove any stars from my rating though. If you're looking for a great lunch or dinner, check this place out. If you live in Manhattan, take the BX7 on Broadway and take it to Riverdale Ave, and you'll be within walking distance of Greek Express. Enjoy!
OK, this place is very quickly becoming one of my favorites. Stopped by the little place yesterday for lunch. I had a bowl of the Greek lemon chicken soup and a Greek salad w/ gyro meat. The soup was outstanding. Thick, brothy, large pieces of tender chicken....one of the best chicken soups I have had in a long time.  It was very filling and thus had to take home the salad. The salad was HUGE. Very generous with the gyro mean and 2 large slabs of feta cheese. They use a high quality Greek olive oil. The salad could feed a family of 4. Gyro meat was the best I have had.  I am looking forward to going back to try some of their other dishes.
The falafel at Falafel Express is far superior  and costs only four dollars when stuffed with wonderful fresh tabouleh. Why more expensive, in the Bronx, for a falafel which is not nearly as nicely spiced? I used to call ahead when ordering as the kitchen worked at a snails pace. When I mentioned I had waited half an hour one day for a falafel,  the response was: "Well, you know, sometimes we get busy".  Say what? There were three people in the joint, and a falafel should never take half an hour, I don't care how busy you are. The kitchen needs to do its prep work and get organized. Nobody wants to wait half an hour for food at lunch. Lately they started charging extra for a little extra sauce on the gyro. Then they started taking their phone off the hook at lunchtime. You drive by and there are two tables taken. They can't seem to handle the business so I no longer eat here. They also seem to have a very poor attitude toward their customers. Why is it that some restauranteurs fail to realize that every encounter, with every customer, everyday, is crucial to their business? And having a guy with a chip on his shoulder at the cash is a recipe for disaster.
Good things come in small packages.  This little Greek place just opened a few months back, and is a welcome addition around here.   Good take out is limited in these parts, but Greek Express delivers the goods, Athenian style.   The owner is really nice, and always invites you to stay and have a greek coffee.
This place is a true gem. It is one of those neighborhood, family owned, hole in the wall places that you discover and keep going back to over and over again. Honestly, I didn't think places like this really existed! I thought they were just places found only in novels and movies... but I guess they do in Riverdale... The food is extremely fresh AND affordable. I love the greek salads and the hummus. All the platters I have tried are also excellent. As an added bonus, the owner is super personable and gets to actually know his customers. He must also be as nice to his staff, because the servers seem genuinely happy and are good at their jobs. I heard recently the place is expanding. I guess the secret got out about this place. I am happy it is doing well, but I just hope it doesn't lose its charm with the expansion. The owner seems to be such a great guy so I am sure he will try his best for it to stay true to its neighborhood roots.
So my boyfriend and I decided to try something new in Riverdale, since there are definitely not many great options for a nice dinner. We talked about this place before and decided to try it. I have a bit of an obsession with octopus, and Greek restaurants need to prepare it the best. The octopus there was delicious and my boyfriend's meal was great as well. The only down side? There's no alcohol available, I would have loved a few shots of ouzo!
Love that it is BYOB but I really rather take a trip to Astoria. Fine place for lunch take out - greek salad or souvlaki. Also like that they open up the patio doors during warm weather.
Greek Express is GREAT!  Delicious food, excellent, friendly service, and reasonable prices.   I visited GE on a Monday evening. My two companions and I split everything everything and though two of us (the adults) are hearty eaters, we all three had enough.  Portions are very nicely sized! We began with the spanakopita.  The filling was good.  Nothing especially noteworthy, but quite good.  Phyllo pastry could have been a bit more crisp and had some soggy, limp areas. We ordered the vegetarian mix platter, so we also had a nice little Greek salad to begin the meal.  The dressing was light and tangy and the greens were fresh and crisp.  All toppings were perfectly balanced in terms of amount and salty v. sweet.  A nice little chunk of feta, a couple of Kalamata olives, a few thin sliced of red onion, chunks of cuke, and some slivers of bell pepper.  Yumminess. Pita was warm and good and satisfied all palates, even that of the ever-mercurial almost-2-year-old.   Entree was very, very good.  There were lightly fried eggplant slices that were simply seasoned and far from greasy, as eggplant sometimes is.  Falafel is crunchy on the outside, soft but not mushy on the inside, and uniquely flavored.  You have not tasted falafel like this. But you should!  I could eat way more of that Haloumi cheese.  Amazing!  Ooh, and the crown jewel- the zucchini croquettes. Wow. Sooooo good!  Everything tasted even better with a dab of the tzatziki sauce on the side.  Fries were good, but nothing special, as was the rice pilaf, thougn the toddler gave both a thumbs up (meaning she actually cleared her plate and repeatedly said YUMMY YUMMY!). Service is really friendly. The one guy who appears to be the owner was very kind, made small talk with us, and even gave the toddler diner a little cookie at the end of the meal, free of charge.  Major brownie points there. I am happy to have a great Greek spot so nearby.  I look forward to visiting Greek Express again soon.  Everything was fresh, good, and the place is cute and clean.  Bravo!
Great, intimate, and authentic Greek food.  The owner and his son are exceptionally welcoming.  Warm vibe, friendly service, and an all around amazing place!  We just left there from our first experience and are now regulars.   This place brings a sense of community to Riverdale Ave.  A must visit!  !
I'm a big fan of this place. Calling in your order is a good idea because you'll have to wait. This place is always busy. They have great souvlaki and gyros. Their fries are quite delicious too but that's not Greek :) I usually get their food for take out because it's a very small restaurant with only about 4 tables.
This place is really really good. The workers are all friendly and the service is quick. I have not been there since their expansion but business has to be booming for any business to expand in all places Riverdale!
Awww Greek Express is so cute! Every time I go I find something else (hanging out the wall, on a shelf, a painting detail) to point out. The place is a hole in the wall - only 4 tables, the owner's always there, a TV playing soccer all the time.... but its amazing authentic greek food. It reminds my boyfriend and I of the cafes in Santorini and Mykonos when we went to Greece 2 summers ago. The menu is surprisingly extensive, and the prices are reasonable/cheap. Everything is cooked to order, so it takes kind of a long time. Also, all of the items on the menu are in Greek, but most are translated to English. Everyone that works there knows everything about the menu anyway. The pita bread is hot, crusty, and plentiful... they don't stop bringing you more.   I love it here, I'm smiling just typing this review!
This place was great.   I had a gyro and salad/humus appetizer.  Both were delicious.   I actually was choosing the salad as much as the gyro which is a very rare occurrence.   It is a very good atmosphere there too.  Staff was extremely friendly and seemed genuinely happy, not the perfunctory happy of normal restaurant staff. You can tell that the cooks take pride in what they do and are serious about the quality of the food.   I'm not in the neighborhood often and I've been craving this place!
Bangin!  Just moved to Riverdale recently and walked into this place for a dinner date.  Absolutely awesome.  Friendly and welcoming staff, great ambiance, and the food is incredible.  Got the Gyro Platter & Tirokafteri.  Sooo good.
I love Greek Food, but I must be a glutton for aggrevation, returning to this place.  So I ordered a large greek salad with gyro on too to take out.  And when I saw the tiny size of the yogurt sauce they gave me for this large salad, I asked for another.  THEY CHARGED ME $1.25 for the extra friggin sauce.  What a RIP OFF.  I dont know why I return here - they nickel and dime for this stuff - they ought to be ashamed!!!!!
Greek Express is a quaint little restaurant on Riverdale Avenue that serves great Greek food at very reasonable prices. The restaurant itself is very small (but they are expanding next door), take-out/delivery is probably the best option. The Gyro is probably one of the best I have ever had. My one complaint is one of the workers will rudely correct you if you don't pronounce "gyro" correctly.
Absolutely delicious Greek food in the Bronx. I've rarely been so excited for a restaurant as when I saw that they were expanding. Highly, highly recommended - excellent food, affordable, great location, really can't go wrong.
My Bf passed by this place many times and  we decided to go Sunday! We were greeted by John very nice waiter and the place is  adorable... I loved the decor.  The food was very good and of course the cookies!  We no longer have to go to Queens for Greek Food! I only wish the place were a tad bigger for bigger parties.. OPA!
I just moved to Brooklyn and I miss this place the most. I used to go almost once a week, for a gyro and a greek salad. I've tried the chicken souvlaki as well - everything I've had has been good. Their greek salad is THEEEEE best. Definitely call ahead if you don't want to wait around for your order - like many people have already said, the place is always busy and you'll be waiting awhile. If you want a place to sit down and dine, be prepared to have a long leisurely meal. These guys are super friendly, but fast is not their forte. Be especially nice to the older gentleman that serves the tables at night [he may be one of the owners, not sure...]. He's a total sweetheart and can tell you all kinds of stories about Greece and the culture.
Best Greek food you will find in New York.  Quality, excellence and delicious. Moderately priced for great value. And lovely staff- friendly, generous and kind.  We think its the best place in Riverdale for any food.
I walk intoGreekExpress and the waiters are passing by me carrying plates and dishes that made my mouth water.  And I had to order what my husband was craving ....it was off the chain good!!!   But have to go back and have a meal.  The people were so very nice like "We know our food is amazing and you will be back no matter where you live!"  And I will!
Great Greek food. And very fast delivery. We order from this place all the time and have never had an issue. My wife loves the Falafel on Whole Wheat Pita and I really like the Gyro. The Chicken Souvlaki platter is perfect for our 3yo which leaves a lunch left-over for us! Their rice is delish. I look forward to their expansion so we can eat -in sometime soon!
Alright greek food. Nice environment.
Greek Express never fails to amaze and excite us. We eat there almost every week, with lovely service, absolutely delicious platters and other dishes. Also, the price is so, so reasonable . This restaurant just recently expanded their space, you can get a sidewalk-area type of seat with appeal, plus beautiful interior with memories of Greece. Not to be missed. We are not related to the owner, just love going to fine restaurants thanks to Yelp. Worth the trip from anywhere! Wonderful, fantastic and scrumptious food. Moussaka platter is the best we ever had! Jan & Liz recommends as a superb place to dine.
Okay  just finished my Gyro sandwich for lunch and it was fabulous - possibly the best I ever had. Guess last one was a fluke.
Best restaurant in the area. Love their Moussaka and their Calamari. Wish they were available on grubhub though.
There's a reason this place is rated so high! It's great food, lovely atmosphere and great great service!
Great place, the new renovation is tasteful and the food is very good. Recommend this to any Greek or middle eastern fans.
5 stars goes to the extremely old Greek man who was our waiter, he was funny , gentle and helpful going for a vegetarian choice. The vegetarian platter is enough for two and its $15 bucks. No high chairs for my daughter but the place is so small you should leave the kids at home or go to salvatores across the street, where you will have to deal with an unattentive order taker. Yes , I'm still working on that, kind of service.
okay gyros. i feel like the food changes depending on what days you go. ive had excellent food, and bland food in the same week.
Like the decor but wasn't thrilled with the food, got the gyro platter with rice and was just plain tasteless white rice,Greek rice should be spicey....gyro meat was ok at best and they don't serve beer....mythos Greek beer is perfect with real Greek food....try leftis gyro in tarrytowne if you want REAL Greek!!
This place deserves a much more creative and expressive name to fit their grub. "Greek Express" sounds like the sort of late night, beer-soaked, belly-buster I regularly encountered while living in the U.K.  This place, however, is top notch.  Orzo salad is amazing; theGreek salad is bar-none the best I've had; the staff is the real deal; they take the time to learn your name (even when ordering over the phone) and make a point of referring to "insert your name," frequently.  This is a nice touch.  Looks like they might be expanding their location to accomodate more seating, nice touch.
Very fresh, very delicious, very authentic, and very affordable. I've said it before, and I'll continue to say it until it's no longer true, good Greek food is very difficult to find. We found it... again... thanks in part to yelp! I had the chicken souvlaki platter and Julian M. had a gyro sandwich. Mine came with a greek salad, and french fries. The greek salad dressing was the best I've had. Unfortunately, the fries were great too, particularly when drenched in their delicious tzatziki. We also had the spanakopita, and the avgolemeno. The spanakopita filling was amazing... perfect. The filo left some crispiness to be desired. There are no words for the avgolemeno, it was above and beyond. The owner was the sweetest old man, who came out of the kitchen to ask us what we thought about every dish we ordered. I love him, and I love Greek Express. I wish we lived closer.
Yummy - what a fantastic gyro!!  I would also recommend the lemon chicken egg soup. Rich and yummy and refreshingly spiced with fresh dill. Favorite new delivery spot -very fast. Finally, I don't have to go to Manhattan when I have a craving for Greek food.
After reading the reviews on Yelp, couldn't get the falafel out of my mind. Went with my daughter, I had falafel, she had a gyro. Both were fresh, delicious. Store is tiny but comfortable. Prices are reasonable. I brought a piece of baklava home - small but VERY good and fresh. Good healthy lunch for 2 for $10! Friendly people. We will definitely be back.
Maybe I don't know Greek food, but I liked Kefi, The Greek Kitchen and Uncle Nicks on the West Side. Greek Express is on par. Delicious Pastichio with nice chunky tomato sauce on side. Great find in the area and worth the drive. Lots of meter or free parking options in the area.
Greek Express was highly recommended by a Greek friend of my Mom's. I tell you what - it was absolutely fantastic! The Melitzana was unbelievably good, the Dolmades were good (but I make my own). I had a Gyro platter, my Mom had the Greek Express Mixed Grill. We both also got Greek salads included. The food was fresh, the portions are very large, and it has a personality all of its own. Note this isn't a "restaurant", there are four tables in a tiny space, but it looked like it's mostly take-out / delivery. We ate there because we were starved. The owner was wonderful - what a nice guy! Everyone was friendly, enthusiastic and charming. They treated us like family and were incredibly welcoming. We picked up take out menus, and will definitely be coming back. Very highly recommended! (Thanks to the Gabriels for the recommendation!)
I had a falafel and hummus...simple enough but I was not impressed. I've had better in a food court.
Great Greek food.  Reminds me of the place I used to go to in college.  Don't blink or you'll miss a great spot in a tiny restaurant in a tiny storefront in a tiny building.
Delicious food. Great price. The gyro platter and a side of hummus was enough for two. It's a small restaurant - but the wait was only a few minutes and it seems they're expanding next door. Definitely check it out. Wished they delivered to inwood.
Again, this place is great! My office ordered from here for lunch yesterday. I was the only one who had tried it and thought it was great so I suggested it. 7 of us ordered, everyone got the falafel except one person who got the shrimp souvlaki. Everyone loved it!!! (to my relief, if they hadn't I'd have been in trouble!)
The food is very good here. Absolutely fabulous. The people are very nice.
Ordered from here last night. Food was...super yummy! It took a while to get to use but it was horrible out so that was a bit understandable. The prices are great and the food is just overall really good. I hate when I get a gyro and the meat is nothing but chewy fat. or when they skimp on the sauce.
Really cool decor that really captured the look of Greece, good food, decent service, med. prices.
Never disappoints! Their Gyro's are great (though I always have to ask for extra sauce) They fill it with meat - sometimes i wish it had a little more salad. The platters are VERY filling and whenever in doubt of where to go in Riverdale, the Greek Express always wins. I haven't tried any of their other dishes so I can only speak for their gyro's and lamb or chicken platter.
Excellent food. Fast Delivery. Greek Express is a welcome addition to Riverdale.
So being Greek I feel like I always have the "bet you can't beat my grandma's" attitude when it comes to greek food. Greek express gave grandma a run for her money! Giant portions of perfectly seasoned meat. I also ordered the orzo which was amazing! It had bits of olives, spinach, sun dried tomato and feta! I left with a belly full of wonderful flavorful food! Would definitely go again! Now the true test will be taking my Grandma!
Went for the first time last night. Got take out.....Ordered chicken Souvlaki, It was very good!... Came with a nice salad and ordered baklava too. Will definitely go back...
As an ex-Chicagoan that lived near Greektown for many years, I had been spoiled on fresh Greek food that was handcrafted.  I am happy that I found Greek Express as it made me remember how good Greek food can be and very reasonably priced.  I would go into detail on the meal my family had, but there is no point...go there!
Love this place! The food is always great, the staff is super friendly and they make a point of getting to know you. Reasonable prices and great service. One of our fav places in the neighborhood!
Delicious and excellent value in take-out gyro.
Have now ordered from Greek Express three times and have not been disappointed yet! The food is consistently delicious, and everyone I've spoken to (over phone) and deliveryman have been extremely nice and go out of their way to accommodate (I needed a receipt and the deliveryman offered to go back to the restaurant and get one.. nice!). I walked by today and snapped a picture so everyone can see what it looks like- make sure you don't pass it by!
The eggplant spread is amazing! Served with nice fluffy pita (maybe not home made) but good.
I remember going to this spot when it was Jasper's Pizza (they moved down the street) to get a salad and a slice of heavenly pizza, now this cozy space has been transformed into a little taverna complete with Agean Blue and White Decoration. What really sets this place apart from the other little restos on Riverdale Ave is not only the great food, but the owners (assuming) are quite hospitable..they strike up conversations like the've been around for ages and have seen you grown up pin the neighborhood... its really homey. I love their Feta Cheese, and the home made greek yogurt with honey..and Tatziki..delicous! I'm always one to try Pasticcio, and theirs have a hint of cinnamon, not overwhelming like other Greek establishments get away with. Their grilled everything is wonderful.. loved the Shrimp and Orzo, such generous portions! Over all, if you are in the neighborhood and want resonably priced delicious food, climb aboard the Greek Express..it's well worth it! p.s. If  you are planning on ordering out, call ahead...yumminess takes time!!
The food is decent and the prices are reasonable, though not much else to say. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Manos is a true gentleman and a world class restauranteur.   Highest marks for cuisine, service, decor and ambience.  Don't miss this one!!!
Well worth the wait. Everyone I know loves this place and it's obvious why. Try anything on the menu, ANYTHING, but if you're not adventurous then a simple gyro and fries will make you a believer.
Unlike a lot of nearby places, this place actually seems to use fresh ingredients. So, it's very good
excellent gyros, super fast delivery!
My wife and I love to go to Greek Express for dinner. Great ambiance in a small little restaurant. Food is very fresh. I enjoy the overstuffed Gyro. Highly recommended for take-out or a nice quiet evening in a quaint little storefront restaurant.
We found this on yelp as we were driving thru NY on our way back to Boston! It was terrific. As a group of self proclaimed food snobs it was quick, tasty and would absolutely go back. The baklava was surprisingly good. As good as my mothers which I have never said! The lamb was a little over cooked but flavor was spot on. Service was great, everyone was very nice. The chicken lemon soup was the best in her 64 years!
I am back in California....enjoying the sunny weather but i am missing my Gyro's from Greek Express sooooooooo much the food is to die for!!! The only thing better than the food is the service!!! The owners are fantastic..thank goodness I fly back to NYC several times a year.  If you have not tried this place out it is a MUST!!!!!! PRICES ARE REASONABLE AND FOOD IS FANTASTIC
Excellent ! with friendly staff and really great food. Meat fans go for bifteki and suvlaki. Excellent choices of salads. My favorite: Greek salad +chicken suvlaki.
Excellent 'Home-made" Greek food supervised by the owner and served by a gracious staff, although it seems most of the business is take-out and delivery.  Gyro was tender and spiced perfectly as were the Greek meatballs in a tomato sauce on rice.  Generous portions.  Recently expanded so there is much more room for the eat-in crowd.
FRESHLY Prepared!  No pretentions  Wonderful Greek Food in Da Bronx.
Great food and service, simple as that!
I don't have a bad thing to say abt this place. Best Greek spot by far in the Bronx. They have more food available than the menu and are currently expanding. The serves is very community friendly weather ur from area or not and the food is very fresh. Will be back here next time I'm in the area for sure
YUM! YUM! YUM!  Love this place!  My old boss was Greek so I ordered a few platters of their cookies/pastries for an office party and I scored brownie points. She was impressed and said they beat her place in Astoria!  Their Taramasolata (sp?), OMG, absolutely delicious.  And their Avgno Lemono soup is sinful and the best I've ever tasted.  Loaded with fresh dill and served with warmed pita.  I popped in there over in January when I had a horrible cold and laryngitis and ordered a bowl.  The charming older Greek fellow (owner) gave me a container to take home for free and told me to get plenty of rest!  Fresh meats, fresh veggies...the gyros, etc., are all delicious - as is the spanakopita (loaded w/fresh dill!!). Am really glad they expanded!  Great food, decent prices....a hit for Riverdale!
Stopped in for lunch.  Very relaxed atmosphere. My wife got a Greek salad.  Authentic feta and dressing.  I got a chicken souvlaki. Fantastic grilled chicken.  It was so good I ordered a falafel wrap.  Wow.  Everything was perfect.  Very nice people to finish it off.
Great Greek Salad and Baklava. Atmosphere is great and airy. They have a fifteen dollar minimum on credit card purchases.
Excellent. Went here because of all of the reviews, and they're spot on. I have nothing to add; take everyone's word for it and pay them a visit.
Really good food and helpful service. The spanakopita (spinach pie) is excellent as are the gyro and chicken lemon soup. Highly recommended. Fast neighborhood delivery too!
We just moved to the neighborhood and tried this place after reading about it on Yelp. We went to the restaurant once and just had takeout for the first time. It's awesome! Best place in the neighborhood. Gyros are fresh with good quality meat, and orzo salad was superb. The pork souvlaki was a bit dry but came with some of the best fries we've had in a long time. The tzatziki was fresh and the pita was also memorable. For delivery this time, we decided not to get the souvlaki but we got baklava for dessert. It was the best baklava I've ever tried. Perfectly moist and balanced with honey & cloves. To die for. EAT HERE.
I see all these four-star reviews and I have to double-check that we're really talking about the same place. There's nothing special about the food, except that it's a cuisine you can't get otherwise in the neighborhood. But the quality is about on a par with Subway: it's all pretty mediocre.
On my way home from work today I ordered take out from Greek Express. This was my second time getting food here and I while I do not remember what I ordered last time I do remember how bland the food was. Today the falafel I ordered was unrecognizable from any I have had before. It lacked any flavor and shape. I guess that this should be expected when ordering Middle Eastern food from a Greek restaurant?
Great place, really good food, very nice people. Just a very small place. Holds maybe 12 to 14 people sitting.
