I've been here twice, and I have to say this is one of the better Indian/Pakistani places around.   They have parking nearby, municipal parking with meters, but they have about 4 or 5 spots that are free for Nawab, so it shouldn't be that bad to park.  It's located in downtown Yonkers, so having the parking is helpful.   The decor is definitely more modern than you expect.  While most places try to recreate 18th century atmosphere in the Indian/Pakistani restaurants, this one tries to go more modern.  It almost has a lounge feel to it, with multicolored lights and being dim lighted.   The food itself is very good.  The first time I went there, ordered a la carte, got vegetable Pakora, while the gf got Paani Puri.  Both plates were plentiful (You can almost say the Pakora is almost entree sized) and very tasty.  Pakora definitely had a bit more flavor than I expected, and Paani Puri is pretty rare to see.   For entree, we got the Chana Masala and Nawabi Shrimp.  The rice that comes with it is pretty good, although I don't think it's basmati rice.  The Channa Masala was very good, with a nice hint of spice, and went well with the rice.  I don't like seafood, so I didn't try the Nawabi Shrimp, but she said it tasted pretty good.  This size of the food was big enough that we didn't dare try deserts.   The second time I went there, we went there for a late night buffet (they have buffets that start at 8:30 PM for Ramadan) and they had plenty of choices.  It tends to slant towards the non-veg consumer, with a high amount of choices that dealt with fish, lamb, and chicken.  Although they did have Samosas, Pakoras, as well.  The food was tasty, fulfilling.  The price is a bit high on the buffet (a few dollars more than usual), but it's also later in the night, and places charge more for dinner than say lunch, so I guess it's understandable.   The only negative I can think of is that, they don't have tap water.  They serve water in water bottles, so you get charged for water.  For the buffet, they had a few juices available as part of it, but no water.  I tried the one that looked like mango, and it tasted decent, not mango lassi good, but decent.   The service is excellent, the people were friendly, and and nice.  We took a deal the first time that got 10% off on our bills for checking in on Yelp, so that helped out the first time.   I think besides the water issue, this is an excellent place to try out, with good tastes, large plates, and very good service.
My wife and I were craving chicken lolipops but didn't feel like taking a drive down to manhattan/queens to get it.  With a quick yelp search, we came across Nawab. We called our order in for take out and started driving down there.  Parking is tough in this area but we managed to find a spot.  As soon as we got there, the food was ready and nicely packed to go. We had the following: 1)Chicken Lolipops - very different from what you would get at "tangra" style restaurants.  These lollipops are wings that are deboned, they mince up the chicken, add some seasoning and mold them back together in to a lollipop - Delicious and spicy. 2)Chili Chicken - fried chicken with all types of seasonings with a small amount of sauce.  VERY DELICIOUS 3)hakka fried rice - basic fried rice with some veggies and eggs. This was good but not amazing. They bundled the to go package with some mint and tamarind chutneys.  I'll be back here for an in house dining experience soon!
Although I liked it, I would rate this place just a bit lower than the Yelp average, perhaps 3.6-7 if I could. Came for a Friday lunch. The buffet is not available then but there is a listing of $8,99 lunch specials. These include salad, nan and rice. As the price was reasonable and we are good eaters, we chose three entrees for two people, the chicken balti, the palak paneer, and the dal. Soon the owner appeared to express his regrets that the dal was not available, but he would bring us channa masala. Fair enough. When the food arrived, we received our palak paneer, our chicken balti, and mixed vegetables - the latter on the house as the channa masala was not available either. The palak paneer was perhaps the best I have ever had, as the paneer had been fried or roasted to a delicious crustiness. The chicken balti was a bit underseasoned but contained what I thought were real fenugreek leaves. The vegetables were also quite mild. The generous portion of nan, together with the owner's complement of the vegetables, redeemed any disappointments. We received glasses of tap water, but when we asked for more, bottles of Poland Spring were produced, and added to our bill at $1 each. Our Diet Cokes arrived cold, but without ice so perhaps the issue here is ice. You really can't complain about $1 spring water, but maybe they should let you know.
Small place with great food and service. I've had the butter chicken every time I go - just as good each time. Their naan is soooo good!
We live in the neighborhood and just tried it for the first time last night.  We picked up (a little on the early side) and the food was ready in 15 minutes.  Everything was soo delicious...I mean really great and satisfying.  I say this not as an indian cuisine expert, but as an american with occasional severe cravings for indian takeout.   The one star I took off is because it was a little on the expensive side for the two of us, but I recommend ordering with 4-5 people and splitting many dishes, as the menu has a lot to offer.       The rosemary naan and the paneer tikka makhani were the highlights for us.  Will definitely be ordering again!
I am so convinced the reviews are fake!!How can they get so many stars? Try the dal makhini..and you will know what I am talking about..its totally  weird!! The tandoori fish was bland and had absolutely no taste. And the time it takes to serve..about 45 minutes on a Friday night!! I am so disappointed,paid like $100 for a meal for 3,which was so not worth it.
Come for authentic taste. We didn't want to eat on busy NYC, so we decided to stop here. Good experience. They can add more starters.
It's a great Pakistani cuisine. Love chicken karahi and chicken tikka. Kheer or rice pudding. Went there few times, absolutely amazing experience. Great service. Clean washrooms. Big banquet hall. As matter of fact, they have few options from small to big parties. Also as Ramadan coming up, I hope they have the buffet available with Iftar specials. Just keep it up with everything!
Everything here amazed me From very warm welcoming service to the nice homing look of the place & the food Everything home made style If u have a chance come check it Enjoy it as much as I did Simply  great
Such a great place and so close by my house too! What a winner! I've been there once with my bf. It was fairly deserted actually but the crowd started coming in after the sun had set (Ramadan). We ordered a lot of food - the pani puri, the pakoras, channa masala, shrimp curry, stuffed naan, and rice. Everything was absolutely delicious. I was stuffed but I couldn't stop eating. We also ordered mango lassis and I was very satisfied with it. It's actually hard to find that perfect balance of sweetness with lassis and I feel like a lot of restaurants butcher it but Nawab did it perfectly. The service was very attentive, very considerate, and just all around excellent. They also have free parking! Score! I definitely recommend this place and plan on coming back soon!
Phenomenal restaurant. The food was great but what really had me hooked was the incredibly warm, friendly, and informative staff!   I ordered the goat (sadly only one goat option) and bf ordered the lamb.  Both meats are tricky as they can taste very game-y if not prepared well however, they tasted superb.  I will definitely be going back.
Are you hungry for all you-can-eat carnivore feast for only $13.99? Then this is definitely the place for you and your friends. For my viewers, this is purely a review for the Nawab brunch buffet. Finding this tiny gem was tricky as it was tucked in the middle of Yonkers, requiring quite a bit of yelp searching. Once we got here however, we were surprised by the small, yet cool, exotic vibe. The restaurant seemed like it was run just by one particular chef and waiter, however, the food got replenished at a respectable pace and our water glasses were never empty. The buffet includes nan and a fried puff pastry, almost similar to the Chinese Yotao or fried dough. The main course, however, included a smattering of unique meat dishes, from butter/grilled/mixed chicken to beef curry, but only really offered 2 vegetarian dishes, one of which was just salad. This was a bit disappointing, but it mattered not as the meat was cooked surprisingly well given it was a buffet. The staff was quite...well, maybe not friendly, but certainly very cordial and professional, which speaks volume by itself. Overall: Food: 4 stars Price: 4 stars Service: 3 stars Ambiance: 4 stars May even try out the actual menu next time!
Fantastic place! I've ordered delivery and dined in. I even took my in-laws who know (and cook really good Pakistani food) and they we're impressed. The nan is delicious and every lamb dish I've had amazing. Very friendly, warm service. Just excellent!
But what about the jasmine rice?! I ordered online right through the app yesterday and the process was quick and awesome! Thumbs up to eats24! Now as for my meal it was quite alright but not the best. I ordered chicken tikki Marsala,  palak paneer and naan. I asked the the Marsala to be mild but every time I take a bite my mouth is on fire. Perhaps I need to adjust or my meal wasn't prepared correctly because it was online after all. The Marsala sauce was also very brown and I'm accustom to red--creamy tomato sauce. Maybe because it's Pakistani-who knows. At any rate the palak was delicious as well as the naan. But the most absolutely disappointing part of the meal and why I have a rating of 3 stars was the rice! They gave me two small boxes of white steamed Chinese rice and not jasmine rice. I was devastated! You can't have quality Indian cuisine without jasmine rice. So get it together! No more Chinese white rice for Indian dishes.
$13.99 per person for the weekend lunch buffet (lasting 11:30am - 4pm) that is perfect for the hungry, picky carnivore! The only downside is that selection isn't as extensive for entrees (4 meat dishes with only 2 dishes for vegetarians) with just 2 desserts, which were not memorable. This small mom and pop restaurant was the perfect spot for 4 of us on a Sunday around 1pm. No line, no wait. We came in and got seated right away and started on the lunch buffet. Seemed like 1 man was there to man the whole restaurant with probably 1 chef in the kitchen. He warned us if we wanted ANYTHING a la carte / off the menu (instead of the buffet), we'd be waiting at least 45 minutes. It's ok...buffet it is! The entrees included: - Butter chicken - Tandoori chicken - Chicken briyani (rice) - Another stewed chicken dish - Beef curry Veggie options were: - Mixed vegetables - Paneer - Mixed salad I tried all the dishes minus the beef curry and flavor-wise, everything tasted amazing. Flavorful and distinct from one another, perfect with the naan served to the table. I would probably hit up another spot next time to try it out, but if you're in town and feeling like an Indian lunch buffet with lots of chicken options, $16 total (tax and tip included) per person ain't all that bad for a meal that'll keep you full till the next day!
I was down in Yonkers for work and just wanted to some good delivery Indian food.  When I'm up closer to Tarrytown, there's a great place up there but my hotel was outside of the delivery area.  I was glad to see that GrubHub said that I could get delivery from Nawab - and all of the positive reviews were encouraging. The delivery was timely.  My shrimp appetizer was good and there were plenty of sauces that came along with the dish that were really tasty.  The naan was fine though thought I would get more for the price.  I ordered the Nawab special soup, which really ended up just being like Chinese hot and sour soup.  Seriously, it was viscous with baby shrimp, tofu, and vegetables. The shrimp appetizer and naan probably rate 3-4 stars, with the sauces being really good and the shrimp being well-sized, but I just couldn't believe the soup.  Another reviewer mentioned that she got Chinese-style rice, so I wonder why these kinds of items are on their menu.
The most clean Pakistani restaurant.  Best buffet.  Not super extensive choice but food was DELICIOUS. it's my favorite Desi restaurant in NYC area.
Needs to improve.
The food is excellent, very authentic and fresh. Service is good. We couldn't eat it all so they gave us take away plastic containers so we could put in them what we wanted to take home. Very friendly people. Right off Riverdale Ave at Hudson St. there are parking places labeled with the restaurant's name. Free. The restaurant is only 50 feet from the parking east on Hudson. You may want to indicate how hot you like your food. We had no problem with most. I ordered a lamb stew and my wife salmon. But with the salmon came a veg that we thought was cucumber. No it was a hot pepper? Really hot.. My son got a Tandoori chicken leg he said was hot. I said "authentic". When were were on a tour in India they served us "West Indian", ie not hot. So check as you order but go. The food is really good. Yonkers has come a long way from when we first moved to Riverdale 50 years ago.
Great Indian food, great service and great price.. We loved it!!! Will come back again ;)
Great food. Superb naan, keer ( rice pudding)  Butter Chicken,.  The lamb, forgot  the name),was the tenderest in recent memory.  Also the bathroom and attached ballroom are worth a visit.   And don't forget the10% discount - the reason i just joined Yelp.
The wait staff was busy with deliveries and I had to wait for some time for them to attend to me. When they did finally come over, the waitress was not very knowledgable. The food took an exceptionally long time to be served and when it did arrive it was mediocre at best. It tasted like a home-amateur's attempt at making the dishes. On the up side, parking around the corner was pretty convenient. The decor leaned more towards upscale and the bathroom was possibly the nicest I have ever seen in an operation of this size. But bathrooms do not a restaurant make. I probably would not try this place again.
The food was delicious. The fish tikka was tender and beautifully seasoned as spicy as we requested.  The saag was delicious, the lamb was of high quality, and each dish's level of spice was prepared to our specifications.  Do not order delivery.  It was two hours late and they gave us rice pudding instead of a mango lassi; however, they made up for it by giving us the entire order for free.   That said, the rice pudding was lovely-hints of orange blossom and rose water.  We will try take out or dine in next time just because the food was so good.  Rare for someone to make up for a TWO HOUR DELAY (literal), but the food and contrite manager ensured that we will be returning.  This nearly disastrous review wound up being a firm recommendation.
Based on other reviews, I have only ordered delivery. The delivery time is reasonable, the food is great. I love their samosas, butter chicken, and palak paneer. These are our family regular meals. I always order extra so we can have leftovers the next day. Yum!
Actually I give this place 4.5 stars. ONLY because they don't serve any alcoholic beverages. The waiter allowed us to bring a bottle. So we purchase one at the liquor store (directly behind the restaurant). Other than that a great restaurant. My family, girlfriend and I came here for my sister's BDay. We all enter the place and thought was absolutely lovely. Very intimate yet causal setting. The dine in area is quite small. The service was way better than expected. Definitely exceeded my beliefs. Our waiter was patient friendly and very knowledgable to explain each dinner entree in detail to see which we should order. They had Indian fusion plates and selections of Chinese fusion dishes as well. I had chicken marsala tiki (deliciously spicy) my girlfriend order curry chicken as well as my mom. My sister order the same I believe but I could be mistaken, and her boyfriend had the lamb. All orders came with jasmine rice. We also order garlic naan and chicken samosas. Waiter allow us to try different sauces. Tamarin, green mint yogurt, and raita. With our meal they brought out rice bowl after rice bowl after rice (what do you expect we're Hispanics we love rice). Overall our experienced was amazing as the entire wait staff attended to our needs. The food was very flavorful and large portions. Then the waitor guided us and showed us the banquet hall. AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL!!! Good for family events,proms, BDay parties, etc. The waiter took many pictures for us for my sister's BDay. That ended our night very happy and satisfied. Such a great place!! PS Not sure how much was the bill since my sister boyfriend treated us all. Though the prices seem fair I saw in the menu they range from $12-18 and like I said large portions.
Excellent ambience, wonderful staff and even better food. Service is a bit slow but worth the wait. highly recommend.
We recently discovered this new Yonkers gem and are so pleased that my companions and I have eaten at Nawab three weekends in a row. Yes, it's that tasty! First of all, the food at Nawab tastes very fresh and real, like it seems that they aren't opening jars and cans, they're actually chopping, cooking, etc. My crew and I have been for the buffet on Sunday and it is very, very good. Since I'm veg, I don't eat many of the selections on the buffet line, but they always have a chickpea dish, a potato dish, and another veg dish, like okra. All is very deliciously prepared. Another plus for Nawab is that their food actually has a bit of a kick and they aren't shy with the peppers. As other reviewers have mentioned, their naan and kheer are indeed superb. I'm picky about rice pudding and I adore theirs. It's served perfectly cool and has a fantastic creamy consistency. I recently also tried some a la carte menu items- palak paneer, paneer kofta, the pakoras, and the bread with potatoes in it. All wonderful. The staff members are all very friendly. When I have gone there is a very kind and polite woman serving and a friendly gentleman who comes out to say hello and make sure we're enjoying our meal. Very, very nice folks! Decor is pretty. I like the lighting. Everything is very clean and nice. I'm grateful for a new addition to the scene in Yonkers and will continue to visit Nawab any Sunday that I can :-)
Sometimes Nawab is a solid 5-star place, sometimes it barely deserves a 3. This opinion is mostly based on the inconsistency of the weekend buffet. Got there today at 2 and the choice was very limited with their butter chicken being just butter and no chicken. That's ok, I get it, it's the leftovers from the banquets they hold. A hit and miss deal. What's not acceptable is tricking you to buy bottled water. The first time I saw a bottle on my table I refused it and asked for tap water so they took the bottle away and poured me a glass from it. Weird but I assumed that they just don't serve tap water (they used to leave a pitcher on my table). Today I went ahead and drank the bottled water and when the bill came there was a $2 charge for the water. I usually don't think it's worthwhile arguing over some change so I just paid and left. But I left with the feeling of being cheated by the people that actually remember me from my previous visits. Overall, good food but I don't like being screwed. Not going back.
We had a party of five for dinner. The place was pretty empty for 7PM on a Saturday but our service was surprisingly slow. We shared appetizers and entrées. The nann, samosas and tempura veggies were great. Very spicy chicken tikka Marsala but good. Crispy beef strips were good too. The nawabi shrimp was a little bland. The food was too spicy for the 7 year old so we had to order chicken fingers. All in all, very good, a little on the spicy side for some, and slow service.
I was surprised to find this restaurant after a quick trip to Yonkers in the morning. It was an added bonus to use the 10% off check-in discount. The buffet selection was quite good (not too salty and some welcome vegetarian options) and the mango lassi was tasty. Definitely ask to see the ballroom. It's breathtaking.
Ordered on GrubHub.   1 hour from order to delivery @ Scsrsdale.  Great food, friendly driver.  Will order again.
My favorite restaurant of all time...food is out of this world, service is amazing the place is beautiful!  I have been a loyal customer since I found this place. I love it!
Food was delicious. Very friendly, and good service.
Came here for my cuzins anniversary. Was surprised at first, the place looked pretty small. The serVice was good. Can't complain about food everything was on point. I would highly recommend the manchurian fried. Overall everything went well and would highly recommend it. Plus price is verry reasonable.
I came here for a team lunch and did not want to leave.  The food and service were excellent.  I worked in Yonkers for about 2 years and cannot believe I didn't visit this restaurant until now.  I had the Chili Chicken and now I have to go back for the Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken and maybe some lamb too!
We moved to NYC from Chicago almost a year ago and I have been on a hunt to find that gem in NY/NJ area and I must say I finally have. It was an accidental discovery while searching for homes in Westchester county and somehow ended up in Yonkers of all the places. I won't regret ever going to this god forsaken part of the county for one and only reason.. desi grub!!! I am literally drooling thinking about the food here. Great job!! I wish you guys open one in Manhattan soon!
Great place! Especially for those living in Westchester or the Bronx. We usually have to travel to Queens to eat some good halal Pakistani/Indian food! Place is pretty decent to dine in. And it's very reasonably priced! And since they're relatively new, they don't seem to compromise the quality/freshness of their food and are very open to suggestions/criticism. I ate there quite a few times at the restaurant and attended few parties at the adjacent party hall. Service is exceptionally great! Owners are usually there and make sure you're being taken care of. In desert Kheer is a MUST! Pani Puri (gol gappay) are good too. Nawabi handi (chicken entry in main course) and Daal Mahrani  are DELICIOUS! Sweet and mango lassi are great so is freshly made Pina Colada! BTW, no alcohol is served (for those who drink)
So I just went to Nawab based on the Yelp reviews and this is seriously one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to. Period. And my wife is Indian. The spicing is incredibly flavorful and balanced. The dishes we had (Tikka Masala & Lamb Bhalti Gohst) combined just the right amount of heat to bring out the flavor.  It was actually a little shocking just how good it was. They were also incredibly nice and it has a very charming interior. We showed up late and they were just about to close up, but they were still willing to seat and serve us. The owner was incredibly friendly and rightfully very proud of his restaurant. He even brought my wife and I a complimentary desert (Kheer) and it was amazing. If this place were 8 miles south and in Manhattan you wouldn't be able to get in the door. My wife and I had our wedding dinner at Tamarind and the food here was straight up better. And honestly the reason I'm writing this review is because I want YOU to go there. Yes YOU! I want this restaurant to make lots of money and be around for a long time because I want to keep eating there. Also they deliver to Riverdale for a small extra charge. So if you can't go, get it delivered. Right now.
One of the best Indian restaurants I have been too. The food is delicious and the ambiance is nice.
Best Indian food that I and a bunch of my highly critical and experienced Indian food lovers have ever had.  They claim to be multinational asian but it seems to be more Indian fusion.  All the basic Indian foods were cooked perfectly with great seasoning that just popped.  Been twice now for lunch with five different people and everyone kept going back for more even way past being full.  And when you finally think you can't eat any more, the owner compels you to try the rice pudding desert and it was so good that everyone went back for at least seconds on that too.  Seriously dangerous cause its all you can eat.  The Indian classics- Naan bread, Tandoori chicken, lamb with yogurt, tandooris, samosas, tikkas were all there.  The owners were there both times too and super nice and told us how they worked hard to find two great chefs they brought in at some considerable cost from overseas to cook for them full time.  So psyched this is in Yonkers and super cheap.  The only other review here complains about not having enough different dishes and having to pay for coffee.  Are they kidding, there were at least a dozen different dishes on each of my visits and the owners told us not to be embarrassed about going back for maybe our tenth time to fill our plates.
Must try the garlic naan, it's so good! Great service and atmosphere. I'll be going back soon :)
The food  is really good.  I live across the street and have eaten there several times and have enjoyed it every time.  I asked one fo the owners about the style of cooking.  The chef is Pakastani and though he cooks foods we would normally consider Indian or Chinese he prepares them in a Pakastani style.  The seasoning is subtle and careful, though be careful, some dishes are spicy.  I had fried fish one time only to discover that the batter had been lightly seasoned and it was very tasty.  The Indian dishes are delicious.  I have found the service to be attentive.  They have several Pakastani dishes, beef and chicken kebab, which before I ate here I would have considered roadside van food.  How wrong was i.  They are carefully seasoned and lovingly prepared.  Put some of the yogurt sauce on them and I dare you not to overeat.  I would recommend the buffet to find out what appeals most to you.  It is not inexpensive, but it will not break the bank either.  I highly recommend it.
