I was skeptical about this place but am so glad I had to attend an end of the year lunch for work here. The service was super friendly and quick. I started with mint tea and loved that it was actually Arabic tea and not liptons lol. I ordered the chicken kebab plate which came with grilled tomato, grilled onion, mixed Arabic salad and rice. The meal was perfect. The table was served both hot sauce and  garlic sauce, I couldn't get enough of both. This is basic Arab cooking. Nothing fancy but absolutely delicious. I would recommend and look forward to coming back. Everyone I came with enjoyed their meal. The neighborhood may seem sketchy to some and parking can be a pain. Bring quarters to feed your meter if you're coming on a day other than Sunday!
My second time here, better than the first (OK falafel at that time).  Thus time, I loved the beef schwarma sandwich and a side of Qudsia, a Jerusalem-style hummus topped with fool modamis (cooked fava beans topped with lemon juice, crushed garlic, and olive oil).  YUM! For desert, warbat (~ baklava, but containing delicately flavored home style custard), which was a little dry, but good and light tasting; what made it was the Arabic coffee (ground with cardamom to a fine powder and boiled - excellent!). I'll be back!
Cheap, tasty Palestinian hole in the wall. The usual Mediterranean suspects: falafel, hummus etc. Delivers as well.
Went there yesterday for the first time. Great lamb ! Probably one of the best Falafel I'll ever have. Everything is so fresh, and is filled with flavor. The people that work there are very nice, and helpful when it came to some of my curious questions. Bottom line, heck yes I will be returning !
This review is based on 2 shawarmas, an order of hummus and baba ghanoush. First off, the photos and reviews sold us on this place. Wished there was a picture of the shawarmas which arrived looking very small and very sad with generous portions of wilted cucumbers, barely any lettuce and horribly soft and seemingly old pickles?? The chicken chunks (tiny pieces) were more like the dregs of the pan. No sauce, just a garlicky spread that wasn't bad but there were just so many elements missing here. I will say that the hummus was really good and the baba ghanoush was as expected, but they literally just threw in an opened bag of thin, cold whole wheat pita bread that I could've bought at the store. I wished I had taken pictures, but I didn't think to write a review till after we had finished and talked about how terrible that was. I did include a photo of the receipt: $25! Such a disappointment... Overall, I have no idea why this place did not represent as expected. Will not be back.
I hate to say that I was unable to provide Yahala restaurant with 5 stars for a few particular reasons. 1. I ordered from grubhub.com at 6:15 and the food was supposed to arrive by 7:14 "ish". They arrived at 7:27pm. its okay but we were starving waiting an entire hour. 2. The food was fairly cold when we got it but still delicious hence the 4 stars. 3. Not so relevant but the sauce was awesome and there was not enough. Anyhow, I loved the food. My bf got the scwerma plate which he loved and I got falafels with a baklava for dessert. The total was $19.50 with tax. No complaints. The delivery guy actually called and was at the front of our house which were happy about. It was really great food though so 4 stars!!!
Amazing Middle Eastern food in Yonkers!!! I especially love the Mixed Grill Platter, it's a delicious spread of kebabs with rice. I've ordered for delivery many times, the delivery guy is very friendly and they never mess up my order. I would also recommend the baba ghanoosh for app and the baklava for dessert!
For many, an "authentic Middle Eastern" experience denotes street food, supermarket packaged hummus, Disney's Aladdin, Lawrence of Arabia - and fetishistic misconceptions of the 'exotic'.  For those who seek more than just beledi drum rhythms, costumes, and harem girls, a simple eatery like 'Ya Hala' is a step in the right direction. This canteen type place in south Yonkers is superb. Ya Hala boasts a large menu that offers lots of Palestinian favorites, like 'lahmajun' (an herby meat pie). The lentil soup here is stupendous, while that might sound inconsequential - I find that it is the little details and simple things that are most enjoyable. All of the kebob platters are good. The 'kofte' here is fresh and delicious. The 'foul moudamous' a young fava bean dish, eaten with warm pita offers a delicious and healthy vegetarian option other than 'falafel'. For desserts consider the fresh 'baklava' or 'warbut', made directly on the premises. The 'mahalabi', a rose water custard tastes just like grandma makes it. What this restaurant lacks in ambiance it makes up for with character, honestly good food, simple delights, and affordable prices.
I have heard about Ya Hala for literally about two to three years.  Why are my friends telling me about a restaurant in Yonkers, you ask?  Well, I've spent a nice chunk of time in Palestine and (I believe) Ya Hala is the only Palestinian restaurant (and not other version of Arab/Middle Eastern) in the greater NYC area.  But it's in Yonkers.  And that makes things tricky.  I thought I needed a car to get there.  And then I tried to Google map it using public transit (which showed walks of 18-20 minutes with the "there may not be a sidewalk" type notification).  But thanks to a friend, I finally figured it out.  And it's easy (and from my home in Inwood, not that far or hard).  Take the 1 to the northern end at 242nd Street.  And then take any Westchester bus that is any version or a 1 or 2.  It's about a ten minute ride. Most would say that Ya Hala doesn't have much in the way of atmosphere.  It's not a "nice" restaurant.  And from the outside, it doesn't look like much.  However, for me, it felt a bit homey.  On last Sunday afternoon when I went for lunch, there were a couple of tables of men speaking Arabic (a large family came later).  And there's Al Jazeera on a large TV (which aided in my keeping up with what's going on in Egypt).  There's only one guy working out front it seems.  He seats you, acts as your waiter, brings water refills, and takes care of the check at the end.  He's not always the speediest (especially when more people come), but he's friendly and never reaches the point I'd call "slow." Sometime since the printing of its menu (whenever that was), the Ya Hala owners raised their prices.  You can see it with the ubiquitous slashes and price changes made by hand.  It was once dirt cheap.  Now it's just cheap.  And it will be cheaper, I promise, if you come with multiple people (unlike me) and share things. I had a lot, when you consider the portion sizes, but I wanted to try things.  The hummus order is definitely shareable (and I took half home).  It's fresh, flavorful, and has a nice pool of good (and actually tasty) olive oil on top in which some chickpeas sit.  The accompanying pita is thinner than most will know.  It's along the lines of Syrian bread.  It's warm and holds the heat surprisingly well if you eat slow. I ordered the kofta plate.  Yes, I could have gone with the cheaper sandwich version that would fill me just as much, but I wanted to taste other elements too.  It's a filling dish.  There are three beautiful, large pieces of kofta that burst with flavor.  And without prodding, the chef has cooked them to a perfect medium rare.  It's heaven and the best kofta I have had since 2002 (when I was in Egypt).  There's grilled tomato and a large chunk of grilled onion to accompany the lamb/beef mixture.  The yellow rice (though I don't remember rice in Palestine being of the yellow variety) is addicting.  There's also salad, the traditional Middle Eastern combo of cucumber and tomatoes, but with some lettuce mixed in.  The dressing is tart, but not overpowering and it's pretty much perfect (even if I would honestly prefer it without the lettuce). And then, despite the intense full feeling that I had, I decided to order dessert.  I may have gotten their last piece of baklava, based on the craning of the waiter's when I ordered it, checking to see if there was some left.  If it was actually the last piece, it was definitely still fresh and flakey and gooey and pistachio-y...everything you want baklava to be.  And it was a generous portion too.  To cut the sweetness, I ordered Arabic coffee.  It's a perfect memory...that thick, dense, liquid with the hint of cardamom and other spices.  The waiter asked if I wanted sugar, as is traditional with the beverage (if I had, they would have mixed it in).  And of course, I made sure to let it settle down and not drink too low and down into the sludge. I can't wait to come back.  I want to try the plate of mixed grilled meats (which I know will be perfect for sharing) and the stuffed grape leaves...and really so much more.  Yes, going to Yonkers is a trek, but damn, is it worth it.  You should do it too.  Trust me.
Living in Yonkers...I never felt like I had too many options for take out. The only thing I ever ordered was Dominoes from the ghetto-ass franchise on Tuckahoe (NEVER AGAIN...so unprofessional) and a few forays into Chinese takeout (never found one I loved and trusted). Fortunately for me, I actually read the ads on the 6 train and decided to give Grubhub a go. Especially lucky for me that I was too lazy to make a phone call and picked Ya Hala because they offered internet orders. YUMMM. I ordered the whole chicken entree with rice (comes with salad) and falafel ( about 9-10, also comes with a smaller salad and pita) and the Baklava custard...OH EM GEE. Everything was pretty amazing. I didn't expect so much food, especially since all of that came to about $20...a steal! It could easily feed 3 people or one Me. The rice was so delish that I ended up moaning in pain cuz I was eating too fast. Seriously, no complaints about the food and the delivery dude was friendly. The food took a little while to come (a little less than an hour) but I live about 7 min drive from Ghetty Square on North Broadway and the food was fresh and hot and delicious when it arrived. *I actually tried to order again today via Grubhub because I've been craving Ya Hala allll week. After completing my order, I got a call within 5 minutes from the restaurant that they were snowed in and couldn't make the delivery. The man on the phone was extremely apologetic and professional. I asked about my refund and he said I would have to speak to Grubhub. I steeled myself for a long, unhelpful bout with customer service but was pleasantly surprised when, while waiting to see if the Grubhub online chat actually worked, I received a call from a GH rep saying that the Ya Hala contacted them to let them know that the order wasn't completed and that she was ready to give me a full refund and a gift card ($10) for the inconvenience. Soooo...Thanks Jackie from GH and Ya Hala for a great experience. I can't wait til all this snow melts so I can order from them again :)
A bit on the pricey end, but the good thing is that it's the only middle eastern restaurant that delivers.   Falafels are legit.  The lamb shawarma plate is okkk, I've had better and it's so expensive for a couple of chunks of OKKK lamb. I've also had their stuffed grape leaves, which were decent...I make them better at home. I've only gotten take out from them, but one time I accidentally clicked pick up from their restaurant and I'm waiting for them to deliver, and they were waiting for me to pick it up, I felt soo bad because they already closed, gate and all and just waited for me to come get it.  They were really nice about it, so nice they kept hitting on me in a matter of 30 seconds picking up the food.
Food? Very good....that is, the food I actually received. Having heard about how great Ya Hala is, I was excited to give it a shot and ordered take out last night. I made a point of leaving a tip, even though I picked the order up, because I anticipated being a repeat customer. In light of what happened once I got home, however, I will never go back. We ordered the mixed grill, which was really delicious, particularly the chicken and kifta. We also ordered the kalaya, and that's where things we downhill. The benefit of ordering something kind of soupy like kalaya is to eat the delicious pita with it to soak of the juices. When we dug through our takeout bag to look for the pita, it was nowhere to be found. We were a little annoyed at the oversight, but figured we'd call to see if they could send us our orphaned food. We live less than 5 minutes away, and since this was THEIR mistake, one would think they'd like to resolve. The man who answered the phone was extraordinarily rude when we mentioned that our pita was missing, and his only response was, "do you want to pick it up?" When we said that we had just driven there and were already eating, so no, we didn't want to pick it up, they simply hung up the phone. Making us the offer to do more work to get this food is, to me, not any attempt at resolving the situation. As a person who admittedly orders a LOT of take out in the Yonkers area, I'm really disappointed that I couldn't add a place to my list of restaurants. Out of principal, I will never order from Ya Hala again and I encourage my neighbors to do the same.
This is a two part review. I first ordered from Ya Hala using Grub Hub in the beginning of December on a snowy day. I completed my order and 10 minutes later, I get a call that they are not delivering today due to the weather. I should have stayed away. I tried again last week and I was met with disappointment on top of disappointment. I called the restaurant at 1pm (the time they open) to make sure that they have a driver for delivery. A man told me to call back in 15 minutes and he would tell me if there would be a driver available to deliver the food. I waited and called back at 1:20pm. He sid yes and to proceed with my order on Grubhub. I completed my order at 1:36pm. I got a call at about 2pm that they have no beef for the beef shawerma. We changed it out for the chicken shawerma. They were supposed to leave a short time after that according to grub hub. Well to make a long story short, the driver called at about 2:15 saying he was in traffic. My food did not arrive until 3:30pm. The food was cold and they messed up the order and gave me another dish instead of the baklava I ordered on top of the other food. I called grub hub and was given a refund for the baklava and they gave me grub hub money for the issues I had. The people ordering the food were apologetic and stuff but ordering your food at 1:30 and getting it at 3:30 is not excusable. Especially when you open at 1pm. End of the day.. I guess you are better off picking up the food or eating there (I have never been there personally). The food was ok. The pita was in the bag they bought it from (not even heated). The desert that came free for ordering over 25 was good but I never got the baklava I ordered. I got the Ya Hala plate and it was ok. They chicken was a little dry but was ok. It might be because I had to heat the food in my microwave to even be able to eat it. Would I order from there again...? Never. It also makes me question if I will even use grubhub.
My boyfriend loves bringing me to his little "spots" in the bx/yonkers... and I have to say, I love being brought :) The lentil soup could definitely be skipped, it was served luke-warm and was very watery. It was made with yellow lentils, which I dont mind, but I like my lentil soup thick and hot. The falafel was delicious, the Middle Eastern platter (hummus, baba ghannoush, tabouleh, etc) large and tasty, and fatoosh salad had an amazing dressing. The whole dinner came to like 20 bucks. Seems like more of a takeout place, but lots of seating and fast service.
small little place between a Mexican joint and a middle eastern supermarket. Decor they get a 1 but the place has potential. The food: great food, cheap prices and finger licking delicious. They also have 10 dollar hookahs and outdoor seating on the back. there was only one guy serving the food but it was not crowded. I will def go back to this place and try more of the fresh food(the market is next door ). The falafels were really good and the half-chicken that they serve very proudly. give it a try
The food was great.   we got combination platters that included much of the menu.   The meat, veg and rice was all cooked perfectly and the grape leaves were delicious.  The place is casual and a bit dated but if you go for the food you will not be disappointing.
I just found out about this place from Grub Hub and ordered based on the menu, good reviews and that it is one of the only places that actually delivers to where I live.   The food came quite a bit earlier than the expected time and was fantastic!  Everything was extremely flavorful and the portions are quite decent so I have leftovers.  I have not tasted chicken that good in years and the desert was a nice treat. I am definitely ordering from here again and I recommend that you so too! I also hope that they plan to expand sometime soon, they could do well just about anywhere!
Well............. Decent food. Friendly, if inept (slow..), staff. Baba Ganoush was interesting. The main thing this place has going for it is the wood burning grill. Adds depth to otherwise lackluster preparations. Nothing all that memorable. Go for the kabob.
$3 sandwiches are great during a recession.  However, to find this place requires effort.  It doesn't stand out on the street.  I remember being 17 and driving up and down Broadway several times looking for that place that serves falafel.  And I found it-eventually. Those were the days-and falafel is still $3 after several years.  I keep wondering when the prices will go up, but chickpea is reasonably cheap.  This is Palestinian/Israeli food, and the staff is kind and welcoming.  If you have the time to wait, they will make you a real Jordanian/Syrian style dinner, such as roast chicken with all sorts of spices.  They usually claim not to have such things, but this is not true.  I was told that the reason they say this is some dishes take an hour to prepare, and most patrons do not wish to wait that long. But if you can wait, it is very worth it! The other dishes generally are pretty generic yet pretty good.  And there's the beauty of this restaurant: You can get kebabs or sandwiches-simple stuff-and eat well.  Similarly, you can get a homemade style special for somewhat more money that is fresh and you'll have plenty leftover. The only bad thing I can say about this place is that I do not go enough.  And they should have a photograph up here so you don't get lost looking for it!
I would give them a 5 but they are so slow!!!!
My family always orders mensaf for our huge house parties from Ya Hala.  Not a huge fan of the rice, but the mensaf and lahme is great.  They also have other great dishes for large parties.   The restaurant itself is a little hole in the wall and doesn't have a five star look to it, but the food is as authentic and close to home cooking as you can get.   That's what really matters here, right?  The guys working there are on top of their game.  They are very helpful and hospitable.  It's like visiting Jordan.  :) The sweets are to die for.   Make sure you pick up a desert before you leave.
We live in Riverdale and Ya Hala is an easy drive up Broadway into Yonkers.  There is parking in the back so you don't have to worry about finding a place on the street.  The ambiance is nothing special - very casual. But you're really coming here for traditional middle eastern food, not for a "nice restaurant".  The prices are good, especially for the portion size. We come here often, and also for the middle eastern grocery next door, where you can get your traditional stuff, fresh meats, and shisha tobacco, charcoals, etc. We usually get the kebab plate, which comes with chicken and lamb kebab meats, and beef kofta, plus rice and roasted tomato/onion. I also really like the falafel here.  The tahini sauce is good, and we've come here for breakfast for foul and falafel.  All very good and traditional. We've come here during Ramadan as well and it's usually pretty busy with folks breaking fast, and there is a buffet of a number of different entrees, salads and soups. It's nice to sample a bunch of things and get a taste for things I normally wouldn't order, such as lamb and goat stews.   They have fresh fruit juices/smoothies, but I've never tried them... If you want traditional middle eastern food, this is a great option and reasonable prices!
The Ya Hala market next door to the restaurant is righteous; terrific (and cheap!) olive bar, many cheeses, dried seeds and nuts and fruits, unusual and tasty individually-wrapped sweets, more varieties of tahini or fava beans than Jungle Jim.  Plus, you can buy a lovely glass tea set or even a hookah here.
As far as Middle Eastern food and dessert, this is pretty close to perfect. All the food is super flavorful and the portions are just right. The Baklava is amazing. Like best baklava in NY. If you travel here for one thing, make sure it's the Baklava.
when we drive up to this place I cant help but exclaim....ya-holla!!!!!! But seriously....I crave their food once a week, guaranteed! Its nothing special to look at..inside and out...you might even get scarred cause the neighborhood is run down....but look past that, I promise...the food is soooooo good. Their hummos, falafel and chicken kabob are our favs. Oh and their mint lemonaide complements the food so well.
Your taste buds are going to be in for a treat and your wallet will high five you. Only downside is the cook sometimes take more time than I would like. #Firstworldpains
The middle Eastern Platter was very good especially the falafels and it came with pita which I took a star off.  The pita which was just from the plastic bag buy in the store and they didnt bother toasting or anything just gave the plastic bag half full. Very bland!  Also had the mojaddarah which came with the yogurt which was very good especially the caramelized onions. Overall the food was good and now they deliveryfrom Grub huB I would order again but most likely take out to avoid my food coming cold (another star).
Our favorite local restaurant, hands down.  Ate here three times a week while our kitchen was under construction (for four months!) and never got (too) sick of it.  They've recently (Spring 08) upgraded the interior and changed the menu slightly; food quality remains high as always.  A good value too - we've catered parties from Ya Hala for surprisingly little money.
I am so happy, the food was amazing! Owner is really funny, kind and helpful in choosing dishes.  The deserts are so good.  I can not say a bad thing.
My daughter had her heart set on this after finding it on yelp and we weren't disappointed. A little hard to find and the tv show wasn't kid friendly, but the food was very good and inexpensive.
The bottom line: I would not go out of my way to eat here again, and I may look for another option if I am in the area. But if you crave falafel and Ya Hala seems convenient, it should be okay The pros: Cheap, authentic taste, authentic ambiance and I did not get sick after eating their "falafel sandwich" The cons: The servings are small, the falafel is lacking salads (I prefer the Israeli to the Jordanian version) and there is no salad and pickle bar to choose from
Overrated.  This place is a little dirty and service matched lunch crowd - slowish. I would get take out if I couldn't make my own fafel.
The food at Ya Hala is AMAZING!!! The prices are great and inexpensive. The Kibbeh is soooo delicious. It is a torpedo-shaped fried croquette stuffed with minced beef, it comes with a small salad. You should definitely give it a try. The Baba ghanoush was really good and had a great smokey flavor. The Ya Hala Combo Platter was EXCELLENT. It came with  4 pieces of chicken, beef and 2 big lamb kabobs with a large side of rice. The flavor was perfect. You can taste the bbq charcoal flavor in each piece. The Custard Baklava was soooo good we ended up taking a few home. We had 1 order of Kibbeh (comes with 2), Baba ghanoush, Ya Hala Platter and 4 Custard Baklava and it came out to less then $40. WELL WORTH THE PRICE As for service, it was ok. They only have one person serving the entire place. He forgot our water even after asking a couple of times. Waiting for our check took a while but WHO CARES the food is GREAT!!!!! We will be going back very soon. WOW!!!!
Decent food - they don't wait on you like a typical American restaurant (ie: how'd the food, would you like more water, etc) - but I'm assuming that's tradition not oversight.
I had the kafti kabob. It was nicely spiced and came wih a nice salad and.a.heap.of rice. All very tasty. The decor is minimal, but that is to be expected in storefront restaurant on south Broadway.
This is my favorite place to get falafel in Westchester. The falafel is $3 and it tastes good. Schwarma sandwiches are like $4 and they're also good but they could use a bit more meat. I would come here every week if it wasn't so far away.
I come here with my Armenian family and can attest that the food is top rate. Make sure to order the stuffed grape leaves. The hummos and beef/lamb kufta are also great.
Great local eatery that offers savory middle eastern food. Chicken kebab is succulent, kafta is perfectly seasoned and tender. Keep room for their baklava. Service is friendly. Not a fancy restaurant but great food. When in Yonkers, this is a must-stop favorite.
This is one of our go-to restaurants when we want to wow somebody with cheap great ethnic food in our neighborhood.  The food is always good, the people are friendly.  When our kitchen was being renovated, we ate here 2-3 times a week (for 5 months!)   There's usually parking in the back.
I wasn't sure what to expect.  Found the Yelp reviews and decided to try it with a coworker.  The place is exactly as all of the reviews say it is.  You aren't going here for the atmosphere.  It is dark and dreary and there was middle-eastern music playing.  I thought we walked into a family function as there were a couple of tables setup with food setup as you would put it out for a family function.  Everything was in big aluminum trays with heaters underneath them. At this point, I had no idea what to expect but I grabbed a plate and started filling it.  The food was incredible!  The next time I am in Yonkers, I will make it a point to eat here again! On top of the food, the staff was incredibly concerned in making sure we were all set and didn't need anything.
Delicious, friendly, and smells like Morocco in there. Really great. My only complaint is that Al Jazeera was on TV, looping images of dead teenagers over and over and over while we were trying to eat. I'd eat there again, for sure!
