I love this place! Whenever I'm in the neighborhood I have to stop here and get a Patacon con Queso. It is a delicious sandwich that has grilled plantain instead of bread and delicious grilled cheese inside. The special sauce it also amazing. Haven't tried a cachapa yet because I like the pataton too much!
Got here using yelp in search for the best ethnic food around, was not disappointed at all! When I got to the counter the teller didn't know what to recommend, which I find weird, but I figured 'you can't go wrong if you order something that is mentioned in the restaurant's name'. So I ordered a chachapa, which is a sort of corn bread pitta, with roast pork, it sounded weird when she asked me if I want ketchup, I immediately thought that this place is Americanized, but it is not and the food is very good! Tip: speak Spanish to get a nicer attitude.
I came here on the recommendation of some of my Dominican coworkers Decor - good amount of seating, large tables Service Friendly! Food Wow I've never had a cachapas before but it was really tasty, its your choice of filling sandwiched between two piping hot sheets of fried sweet corn cakes - comes with lettuce, tomato, some kind of special sauce Grab some hot sauce from the condiment station, its tangy delicious!
Baby Shark Empanadas! Never thought I'd speak or type such a phrase. Ha! The long and short of it is that this place is amazing, inexpensive, and delicious. Doesn't matter of you get a cachapa, an arepa, a yoyo, whatever. You can't miss. In fact, the beau and I agree that we'd love to ask them for a giant tub of their shredded chicken. It's that good. Just be prepared to burn your fingers if you get an arepa; they are made fresh to order and that grease is HOT. Of course, you could be smarter than me and eat it out of the aluminum foil, but...that'd just be too logical, right? Be aware: Know some conversational Spanish if you go there to order. Luckily, "Arepa de pollo, por favor" is a pretty easy phrase. Heh. It is a predominately Spanish-speaking staff.
All the food here is pretty solid. Nothing stellar, but it's a good cheap place to grab a bite if you're in Inwood.
Delicious!!!! We were not expecting this place to be that good walking in but we were pleasantly surprised! We tried the three cheese cachapas, chicken arepa, chinola (passion fruit) juice, tamarind juice, beef empanada and cheese tequeños! Everything was so tasty! Very interesting flavors. Quality food that is not overpriced! We like little places like this in the neighborhood! Very happy we stumbled upon it and can't wait to go back for the patacones and yoyo's!
Really good and hearty arepas!   Came by here en route to a friend's house to get a quick meal.   Atmosphere:  OK.  Lots of tables to sit down at, but I took my meal to go. Service: Decent.  Friendly enough.  Though as stated in other reviews, the staff do not speak much English, but I was still able to place an order. Food:  Nom!  Ended up getting the Venezuelan cheese arepa and a slice of tres leches cake.  Now these aren't your typical street truck arepas- they are made of white corn and HUGE!  You can get easily filled off of one.  Next time I drop by here, I will try one of the meat arepas. The tres leches cake was decent.  Moist, milky...tasty.  Portion was a bit small for the price, I think. Credit cards accepted with a $10 min.
This place is the hook-up, because of their late hours and delivery service, but most of all because of all their food is so damn good. get something in a platain it is packed with great pork and other assortments. I suggest the yoyo with pernil, but all thecahacpas are good. Maybe my favorite place to eat in North Manhattan, very close off the 1 line on Dyckman street. Any time I go up to the Columbia stadium I always stop here to get food. You order on a line and then sit down at tables, and sometimes it gets busy, but they keep it moving. And remember it is super tasty and unique. Super cheap also.
SO GOOD. SO SO SO GOOD. Loved this place when I went to go visit the Cloisters and wanted some quality Latin American food to eat in the park. Found this place on YELP (you guys never disappoint) after walking around and picked up two sandwiches from the place (which is Dominican run but serves Venezuelan food). I was STARVING and got two different ones... a cheese Patacones (or green plantain sandwich) and a cheese YoYo. The Patacones was just OK and I don't think I'd get it again. The green plantains were a bit tasteless, although everything inside was DELISH. The YoYo was GREAT... and the sweetness of the plantains combined with the cheese and veggies was amazing. Would def be back if I was in the area and looking for that kinda food. Def recommended.
I was skeptical $5.5 could purchase a filling dinner, but I was stuffed. I got a pork yoyos. Delicious and fresh tasting pork, tomato, lettuce, and sauce sandwiched between two substantial plantain patties. Oily, would come in moderation haha. Would love to come back for their finger food. Clean facilities.   They didn't give water in a cup for free though; needed to buy bottled water for $1.
I got a chorizo arepa. The arepa itself was awesome! Perfectly cooked but the rest of the ingredients were poor quality. I'm pretty sure the chorizo was just cheap polish sausage and the lettuce and tomato weren't very fresh. They covered it in a mayonnaise based sauce (not Latina so not sure if this is a normal addition but it was optional) that didn't really add to the flavor and just made it really difficult to eat. While the menu is a decent size the selection is minimal as they just have various combinations of the same thing. If I came back I'd get it without the toppings. Plain it would have been perfectly delicious if a little boring.
Overview: This place is great for a quick, cheap Venezuelan style meal. Food: The food is very good. I highly recommend the chicken Cachapas and the burger. The burger is one of the best burgers I have ever had ... however you feel like you might have a heart attack after eating it. The only item I have ever ordered that I didn't care for was the yo yo ... simply as it was too sweet for my taste. Regardless, the portions are huge and taste like they use relatively high quality products. All served for very reasonable prices. Atmosphere: The place is very cute and within a walking distance of some great parks. My suggestion is get it to go so that you can eat some at the park and then take the rest home. Tip: Some of the staff doesn't speak too much English so be prepared for that. Also make sure you get the yelp check in for free food!
This place is an Inwood gem! I crave the cachapas. So far I've tried them with pork and chicken and have not been disappointed. They also have a small desert selection of delicious Venezuelan cakes.
This is the first time I've ever tried this place, I checked out their menu on menupages.com. The lady on the phone wasn't the best English speaker but she got my order right! So please be patient and try to pronounce the words as best as you can. Being a major fatty, I was super hungry and thought I needed to order two things. BIG MISTAKE. Please don't get fooled by the pictures, they give you a big amount of food. I ordered a Cachapa that had mozzarella cheese in it, lots of mayo, ketchup, tomatoes, and lettuce. It was amazing. Cachapas are baby corn cakes that are kind of shaped like pancakes. They are a little sweet. I also ordered "Yoyos". Yoyos is made out of sweet plantain, this thing is huge ! I asked to have Pernil in it, which is roasted pork. The Yoyos are obviously sweet, I was surprised to see fried cheese in mine (That won my heart).. There was also lettuce, mayo, and tomatoes in it. It was freaking amazing ! I personally preferred the Yoyo over the Cachapa. WARNING: You will get extremely messy, Your food will fall apart but it will taste delicious. So ladies, if you're planning on eating this around your man, you have been warned ! Bottom line: Food was great, delivery was fast. I will be ordering from here again soon!
The best place for a patacon, tacucho etc. !!! I always choose this place over any other cachapa place because it never dissapoints ;)
I tried this little spot and I tell you, the food is delicious. Try whatever you like and you won't be disappointed. I love their little cheese sticks. The place is clean and the people that work there are helpful, however the place is a bit on the small side and it gets really busy.
I ordered a Yoyo with fried cheese, shredded beef, and shredded chicken along with a Cachapa with a little bit of Guayanes cheese, shredded beef, and shredded chicken. Oh man, this food is really good. I've never had this sort of food before, but I finally did. They're both equally flavorful, the Yoyo a little more sweet since it's made out of fried plantains to encapsulate the inner workings of the meal. The flavor is perfect, different, and satisfying. As for the Cachapas, it was also very good. The shredded meats, mixture of seasoning, vegetables, and texture of both sandwiches truly make eating from Cachapas Y Mas a wonderful experience. Delivery was acceptable. It took about an hour to arrive, which is normal for dinner delivery in my area. I'm looking forward to trying more menu items in the near and distant future.
I'm so glad I went! Saw other reviews and decided to check it. I got the YOYOS=sweet plantain sandwich w/roasted (shredded) pork. It is a FULL meal. The plantains complement the savory pork. I will be back Por mas
This place rocks! It's our go to when the hubby and I r craving starch-yumness! We r big fans of the Patacones (chicken & pernil). We also grab three cheese sticks but last time I accidentally ordered three pastelitos de queso and I'm glad I did cause they were great! The fountain drinks come highly recommended too, Cereza aka cherry and Piña r booth thirst quenchers! Enjoy!
Amazing food! I would have given them a 5 star if the staff were a little more knowledgeable in English. They only speak Spanish, no matter how many times you tell them that you don't speak it. Please hire English speaking staff! Thank you!
So a friend and I were hungry while at a club for a birthday party. Hi yelp, please help us find food amongst all the liquor love in the club...this scenario is a common occurrence and that's great. New find here we come. Ah, Cachapas y Mas...muy bien, muy bien. Busy spot, even at 2am. I had the mozzarella cachapa. Yum. Cheesy & sweet, yet a bit healthy with lettuce and tomato. Reminded me of an arepa, but thicker. Atmosphere casual with painted picnic tables. Bustling energy. Like I said, muy bien.
Though the food is delicious, customer service is absolutely poor. They talk to you with attitude when you ask a question and they have no clue whatsoever of what a customer means to a business. It was raining when my family and I went and there was water coming from the A/C vent above our table. When I asked to please correct the problem they were very rude. It's a shame, such a good food and such a terrible customer service.
After reading reviews here, I ordered in spanish. Hilariously, the gal at the counter answered back in perfect english with more than a hint of annoyance in her voice :oP Was it my accent? Anyway, the food was awesome. My partner got a cachapa with cheese and I had a yoyo with ham, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and mayo (wheat intolerance be damned). Y'all mayo haters are missing out--the yoyo with everything on it is perfectly balanced. I wish I lived close enough to go back and try everything on the menu!
So apparently when you check in on here you DO NOT receive two free tequeños. The cashier said that coincedentially "As of Monday, you have to purchase $10 or more" for them to honor the coupon.
This place is amazing. I usually get the pulled pork in between two green plantains. It's always hot, fresh and the sauce is tangy, sweet and tremendous. You should eat here. Now.
I've been here at least half a dozen times but final decided to write a review because they deserve it. I've gotten their patacon, yoyo, and tequeño/palito de queso (cheese stick). And on my last visit I finally tried what they're named after, the cachapa! The patacon is good, but I prefer the yoyo, I'm a fan of sweet plantains and sweet/savory combinations. The patacon does hold itself together better though...but really? Who cares, I like my food sloppy! Just give me some plastic utensils to tear it up with! The tequeño/cheese stick is pretty darn awesome. Especially if u want something quick. Try it with the pink sauce too (ketchup & mayo sauce). But on my last visit I caught a glimpse of something that looked even better! The tequeyoyo. OMG. I need to try that ASAP. It's a fried sweet plantain thing with cheese and ham inside. Uhhh..did we establish that I love sweet and savory things?? Especially it it involves sweet plantains? Oh ok. Finally, my verdict on the cachapa. One word: delish. I decided to try something new on this visit and from now on I'm trying something new there every time I go. I think they can do no wrong! The sweet corn cake that holds everything together is moist and sweet but not over powering. I had it with pernil and mmmm, I was in heaven. Again, if you're like me and like sweet and savory together, this is a great pick too. The patacon, yoyo, and cachapa are all pretty much filled with the same things but what's on the outside is what makes them unique. But u really can't go wrong with any of them. Oh wait..you know when I said earlier that they could do no wrong? I lied. Do NOT get their tres leches cake. It's quite terrible. But I won't blame them too much because it's pre-packaged and it seems like they get it from somewhere else but seriously, they need to get their tres leches from another company or something. It is not very moist and it kinda tasted like the milk was going bad, blech! P.S this is a great spot to go to on the weekends after leaving one of the many lounges/bars in the area. It gets super packed (line out the door) at 4-5 in the morning but the service is fast (I think they understand that drunk people need they're delicious food pronto!)
I can't believe it took me so long to try this place. I tasted several items and all were delicious. My personal favorite was the yoyo with pernil--seriously amazing combination. I could easily envision Guy Fieri raving through big mouthfuls of it. I am eager to try more items--I tried yoyos, cachapas, and a couple different cheese filled finger foods, next time arepas and the capachon! They did not answer the phone in quite a few attempts. Oh well walking over was well worth it. And yes, it has the ambiance of a low rent district slightly,grimy fast food place. Again...so,what!? Food this delicious and priced like crappy fast food.
I love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are known for their palito de queso ( cheese sticks . Cheese wrapped in flour  dough) sooo good!  Most people just come here for these as a quick snack and dip them in the pink  Sauce. Has the best patacons and yoyos i know of! A patacon is like a sandwich with two big tostones as the buns and inside has your choice of carne mechada, pernil, pollo etc. and has queso frito, lettuce, tomatos and their special pink sauce ( ketchup, mayo, vinegar) absolutely amazing. And the yoyo is the same thing except it has sweet plantain (maduros) As the buns. By far the best. Its a must go for all latinos amd those who like spanish food. They are friendly people .
Popped in here for some lunch. They don't understand English very well, so I recommend ordering in Spanish if you can. I thought since the words on the menu were in English, we could order with no problem, but the guy had to search the menu every time we said something to find the corresponding Spanish word. Not a big deal, just a tip. I had a yoyo with fried pork. The pork was delicious and tender. The sweet plantain that makes up the sandwich was expectedly sweet, but it's actually so sweet and so much plantain that it starts to grate on the taste buds after a while. I wouldn't order that again. They also seem to add a lot of mayo to everything, so if that's a turn off, request to hold it. Say "no mayonesa" and hope for the best. My girlfriend ordered a cachapa with roasted pork. The warm corn flavor of the cachapa combined with the savory and salty pork was perfect. I'd definitely get that if I return to Cachapas y Mas. Prices are cheap for how stuffed you'll be. There's plenty of seating, but a lot of the tables were unclean when I went. Overall, a solid choice for a cheap, satisfying lunch.
Are YoYo's a thing of the past? Can anyone clear this up for me? Once I got over the startling revelation, I was able to enjoy the friendly service, the hardly-3-minute wait, and the piping hot food. I won't repeat how good the chicken patacon and pernil cachapa were  - everything is good here and it's obvious from all these reviews. Even when I took my cachapa home on a 45-minute train ride, the lettuce was still a vibrant green in color and crisp when I got home - not that ugly brown wilted nasty stuff. That's how you know this food's the freshest you can get (which has been echoed many times here). If you're lucky enough to come when it's less busy, you can enjoy a quiet meal by the window enjoying the nice Dyckman breeze :)
Been here a few times.  Haven't been disappointed yet.  Huge variety of Venezuelan comfort food here.  All delicious.  Delicious and cheap.  You can walk out of here with a heartier, better meal than anything McD's, BK, or any of those other fast food joints can offer.  Real beef and ingredients here.  Not that questionable cardboard and yoga mats stuff...
I usually love this place but who ever is working there right now is an idiot. I ordered the yoyo with peril and cheese without sauce because I'm allergic to mayonnaise and stated that when I order my food in Spanish. When I got my food there was sauce on it. I asked them to re make it and again stated I'm allergic to the sauce. I put to much faith in the idiot remaking it because I didn't check it till I got home and it was covered in the sauce. I wasted 6.50 and 25 minutes of my life. However when the dumb ass who works there tonight isn't there it is awesome and amazing.
Contradiction Y Mas. What you can learn about food from a trip to Cloisters Y Fort Tryon Park a) There IS such a thing as date food. This is not it. b) You can have slow food served fast - don't let the orange uniforms confuse you c) Offering moist towelettes with your meal isn't limited to air travel... hmm, wait.. d) People waiting for a table can ask you for your expected departure time!!! e) Restaurants can get their name wrong: Cachapas are not what will bring you back. 25 Napkin Sandwich. Yup. That's what this Venezuelan QSR (Quick Service Restaurant) should be called as your hands will be covered with the juices of the meats every time you take a bite. But here you will find chicken so well brought together that A pollo transforms into the triumphant Apollo - slaying all other game in its path! The Times They Are A-changin'. A few years back, I used to receive compliments from people on how my reviews had made them hungry in the middle of the night. Now, I am the one getting hunger pangs and salivating as I research unfamiliar cuisines before going to sleep. To their credit, Cachapas Y Mas has some excellent, descriptive pictures on their website that accurately capture the menu item, without exaggerating the proportions. The Cachapas are huge, and a meal by themselves! I had read that these are an appetizer, snack, or a breakfast item in Venezuela and was unprepared for the gigantic serving. But, the gluten free corn pancakes are best eaten with a fork as they are difficult to hold up. The Patacones (twice fried plantain patties), on the other hand, are perfect in texture and hold their own against the gushing flood of meat juices, my preferred choice of meat being Carne Mechada (stewed, shredded flank steak). The golden hued Yo-Yos are a delight with a hint of sweet contrasting well with the heat of the salsa, crisp and soft adding to textural complexity and would be my favorite food item - closely followed by the Venezuelan burritos: the Tacuchos. However, the two highlights of my visits have been the accompanying sauces (particularly the spicy one, the likes of which I have not eaten) and the drink, Chicha. Initial comparisons to the Horchata are inevitable, however the Chicha is creamier in consistency and perhaps uses in addition to whole milk: sweetened condensed milk and evaporated milk, with a strong flourish of cinnamon. It's more like a Latin American version of eggnog - and absolutely delicious. Once you've had the drink, there is little appetite left for dessert, something I had never thought before as possible. Space is a premium, though, so don't plan to linger. And to avoid any confusion, keep in mind that the guy waiting in line didn't ask you for the time - he's been keeping track :)
I came for arepas. I honestly have no idea if that is what I ordered but either way, I loved it. We arrived around 1am on a Friday night and could not find parking for the life of us. So, we double parked like everyone else. We walked right up to the counter to order and was given a sample of this fried cheese stick with a tasty sauce on the side. Our order was in and was cheap! We noticed all the inside dining tables were taken and there was about 6 waiting (not including us) for take-out orders. Carne Asada was a familiar offering so I went with that. I got was tender, flavorful, strips of steak that was then sandwiched in between sweet corn tamaleEsque cakes of sorts with lettuce, tomato, and a creamy sauce. This is a knife and fork eating item all the way. The only thing that would have made it better would have been some hot sauce of sort. I didn't ask if they had any and I didn't have any at home. I washed it all down with a fantastic pineapple juice bevie. Service was on point which impressed me. I appreciated his attention to detail when packaging up our to-go order. It probably helps to know espanol, but I made due. I'll be back for sure as this hit the spot for a late night cheap eats.
Eating at this restaurant reminded me of flavours from the street foods I had while travelling in Latin America although the preparations at this particular place, from what I understand, are from the Venezuela. Over a period of four days I snacked here six times, trying a new dish each time and always ending up licking my plate and fingers (speaking metaphorically ofcourse). My favourite is the arepas and cachapas which I have tried in shredded chicken and ham+cheese flavours. Skip the mayonnaise, add the hot salsa instead (say "mas picante, por favour"). The cachapas are soft and slightly sweet so it goes excellent with the fillings drenched in chili sauce. The restaurant is quite busy, even at 4:30 am, so I usually got it to go. They wrap up the food nicely and throw in lots of paper napkins which you certainly need if you intend to snack while on the subway (it can get messy).
Flawless is the only word for Cachapas y Mas. This no-frills order-up-and-eat-up place is in a less traveled neighborhood north of Manhattan, yet it houses the most accurate Venezuelan stand fare I have ever had. Cachapas with Queso Mano are the signature "dish" of this place, but I recommend the patacones, particularly carne mechada. If you are looking for a delicate dining experience, don't bother. The food is plated on styrofoam and covered in foil. You will be wise to eat the food with your hands, as it is intended to be eaten. Beware: the foil barrier is the only thing separating you from the tasty juices, which are particularly abundant with a patacon. Overall, this is the best deal of all similar establishments. A patacon (a meal unto itself) is a mere $4.50 or $5.50 for the carne asada (slow-roasted beef). Try their juices, especially jugo de parchita (passionfruit). It is the perfect complement to the rich, salty morsels between the discs of corn or plantains. One housekeeping item: they only take cash.
My husband and I decided to walk the entire length of Manhattan, from Marble Hill to South Ferry, but first we needed a hearty lunch. I found Cachapas y Mas on Yelp, so we went there. I was wondering if this placed was divey, hole in the wall, teeny tiny, 40 year old vinyl booths, etc... that I have seen at other highly rated "authentic" restaurants. Cachapas y Mas is definitely not. The restaurant is a decent size, and they have a handful of 4-person heavy wooden tables and nice large windows that open up on to Dyckman St. I chose to get the shredded beef cachapa with lettuce, tomato, and green sauce, and we split a cheese empanada while we were waiting for our order. So delicious, salty white cheese, and the corn empanada shell was soft on the outside, but evenly fried to a crisp on the outside. I tried it with the pink sauce (ketchup/mayo) and also the more acidic hot sauce. Both sauces were good. My cachapa was delicious as well, but a little tough to eat. I had to use a fork and knife, so I was kind of disappointed that I couldn't get the whole flavor combination in one bite. If I was a little less dainty and not worried about getting sloppy though, I could probably do it. The real star of the show was the corn patty, which actually had REAL CHUNKS OF CORN in it, not just masa dough. Overall, the taste skewed a little sweet for me, so if I return, I would add some white cheese to give it a little more salty taste. The tough question is whether or not this is worth the hike up to the far reaches of Northern Manhattan. In my opinion, yes, this is a destination restaurant worth a special trip.
Let's first explain what a Cachapa is, or at least how it was explained to me...  Two arepas de choclo (corn based type of bread) filed with either chicken, beef, ham and cheese.  Add lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc. I had one with chicken and cheese.  The sweetness of the arepa with the savory of the other ingredients was a perfect combination.  Another thing you must try are their empanadas.  I loved the ones made with chicken, and the taquenos (cheese filled fried though). They also offer Patacon, which is the same as the Cachapa but, instead of the areapa, it's with Tostones (green plantain fried).  Every table has sauces (spicy, mayo-ketchup, and some cilantro sauce) to add to your meal.   Good luck choosing!   And when you do, you'll probably be thinking when to come again to try everything else.
Saturday night and i feel alright.. after partying and dancing the night away, i group of us decided to go have some patacon from the truck, the lines were crazy long, so we came to cachapas y mas. Man that was such a great decision. They are fast, cheap, tasty and have seats. So many beautiful, girls go in right after they leave the clubs and bars that are near by. The place looks clean, they have tv with sports, they speak English, they have wooden park tables inside, i know you are saying park tables?? but they look nice. and because they are opened in the wee hours of the night and people come after clubbing.. they have security just in case people get stupid. take a look at the pics, this is exactly how the food looks and taste awesome.
This place may be my new replacement for the Mexican food I am eternally craving, and will very much likely cause me to gain back the 10 pounds I've lost since moving to NYC (and being distanced from my beloved mexican food). During my first visit I had a pollo cachapa, which was good, but a bit rich. I wasn't able to finish the whole thing. My second visit  I had a Cubano Patacon, which was f-ing amazing. This is the item to order. You will die of a heart attack soon after eating it but it's absolutely worth it. This place is also open late (I visited sometime after 11 pm on a Saturday night) and the service is always polite and good, even when you're a ridiculously white girl who can barely pronounce "cubano" correctly.
I never knew you could put a shredded chicken sandwich between two fried-plantain cakes. Amazing! $10 min for CC orders, ATM inside, no AMEX.
I am super happy to add this place to my list of favorite places to eat. The foods here were AMAZZZZZZZIINNGGG!! We left this place stuffed but feeling extremely content. I have never eaten Venezuelan (fast) food before so I was thrilled to try Cachapas Y Mas as it had great reviews. After eating at Cachapas y Mas, I have fallen in love with the cachapas (baby corn sandwich), patacones (green plaintain sandwich), and yoyo (sweet plaintain sandwich). My boyfriend and I ordered 5 items and shared: 1) Jamon y Queso (Ham & Cheese) Cachapas (Baby Corn Cakes), 2) Steak Patacones (Green Plaintain), 3) Roast Pork Yoyos (Sweet Plaintain), 4) Passion Fruit Juice, 5) Orange Juice.   All of the sandwiches (includes lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, and their special sauce) were extremely delicious, cheap, and abundant. The cachapas and yoyo had a sweet taste to it, while the patacones had a saltier taste. My favorite sandwich was the steak patacones; delicious and full of taste. My next favorite was the Roast Pork Yoyos. I was also very impressed with the juices. The passion fruit was fantastic! I am wondering if it was 100% juice because it did taste like it. Highly Recommend this place! :) P.S - They are open from 10 am - 6am (only closes for 3 hours). So if you are craving a late night snack - come on over!
After a recent visit to the Patacón Pisao food truck in Inwood, I was instantly addicted to the unique sandwiches. Flattened and fried plantains make the things unique, but it is really the juices of the meats within that pack the punch. Either way, the patacón was so memorable that I have been thinking about it everyday this week. If you visit this far uptown late night spot from the A train, a walk down Dyckman Street is necessary and yields Cachapas Y Mas, which actually has the same owners and is a spawn of the truck. The menus are almost identical, the prices equal. The sandwich seemed to come out a little larger, but the meats were marinated less as I was dripping at a rate of only 25% the one I had around the corner. This might seem like a good thing, but something just seemed off after such a pleasure at the truck. Don't get me wrong though, this is still an excellent (and cheap!) beast. The patacón mixto ($5) comes with your choice of two meats (instead of three like the "full"). Unlike the truck you can eat at the small window counter or one of two booths inside the store, but the place is very hot during the summer and walking outside to eat is not a bad idea. The cachapas are simple large corn cakes, folded over the ingredients (many similar choices) like a quesadilla and also grilled. In my opinion though, the "y mas" is the reason to come both here and to the food truck nearby. The menu also consists of arepas, tacuchos, pepitos, and empanadas, which all might warrant a try if I lived nearby but are impossible to eat after such a large sandwich.
I think this is the best restaurant in Inwood and one of my favorites in NYC. The service feels a little slow, but that's only because looking at the setup you expect it to be fast. The staff is friendly. The menu is sadly only in spanish, which I don't speak. Luckily, they usually have this handy little translation menu. The service sometimes varies (mostly because I don't speak spanish and that can sometimes be a problem), except the awesome redhead girl who is recommendation friendly and speaks english fluently. The place only has two booths and three or four stools, so it can be cramped. It can also be loud and noisy while people are waiting around for their order, even late at night. The place is cash only but there is an ATM right outside. My favorite so far is the ham and cheese cachapas. I keep wanting to try more stuff, but it keeps pulling me back. Updates: I finally managed to try a bunch of new stuff. Ham and cheese is STILL amazing. Cubano patacon is great, though served incredibly hot, I wouldn't recommend biting in right away, not matter how tempting it is. The Full Cachapa is awesome and lives up to it's namesake: it makes you FULL. I also recommend the Venezuelan Cheese Steak, which is obviously, an order of steak with cheese added. I tried it today and was blown away. Gonna try it again soon in burrito form. Sadly, I am not impressed with the empanadas. Stick with everything else.
This is one of my favorite spots in my neighborhood. Compared to Caracas, this feels more street. There's no fluff that comes along with the presentation. But for $5 you get a delicious Venezuelan staple. I've had both their arepas and their cachapas. I prefer the cachapa when I want something a tad on the sweet side. The carne asada and pernil are my favorites. Not a big fan of the chicken. I've had their empanadas for snacks as well but I tend to favor the flour empanadas and they only serve corn ones. Their tres leches is also pretty good. Usually I just order it to go but I have eaten there as well. Now that they've expanded there is more room to sit and eat but be prepared for a noisy crowd.
I love this place. If you want to try Venezuelan fast food I would definitely say to pass by this place. I usually get a chicken patacon or a chicken cachapa. The patacon is like a sandwich, but instead of using bread they use platains. Inside there is shredded chicken, fried white cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and their special sauce (green in color). The chicken cachapa contains almost everything the patacon does except it is held within these cornmeal cakes. You need a fork and knife to eat that with versus the patacon, which you can eat on the go. While I wait I usually get a "tequeno" (also known as "palito de queso"), which is a fried cheese stick surrounded by dough. I like to dip it in the mayo/ketchup sauce, which is an orange color. It is usually a busy place no matter what time you go, but the food is delicious and cheap. I would recommend it if you're in the area. Also, if you have your Yelp app on your phone after your 3rd check in at the place you receive 2 free tequenos. So if you're a bit apprehensive to try them on your own you can get them for free and try them out.
Wonderful and creative food!
I am a big fan of trying different Latin food! This place is one of the best so far. We were staying near by and were super hungry. I ordered an arepa with carne and queso, 2 empanadas de maiz con carne (beef). It was so good. It taste even better with their homemade salsa! The service was fast and everyone working there is very friendly. I loved the Latin environment. The place is decorated really cute. They open up all the windows and it feels like you are sitting outside. We stopped by to eat here every time we had a chance. I am craving their food now! YUM!
I've had Cachapas y Mas on my radar for awhile, but never had the time to get to the area until this week. As soon as I walked inside, I was overwhelmed by the smells of fried plantains and meats. Every table was occupied, either by happy eaters or customers eagerly awaiting their food. The guys behind the counter were busy putting together all kinds of Venezuelan-inspired goodies. The menu is divided between several screens above the register, but the best way to see your options is to grab a menu card from the counter. I skipped the restaurant's namesake in favor of a tacucho con jamon y queso (ham and cheese) and a patacon with chicharron. Everyone in the place is a native Spanish speaker, but for those of you who don't speak it, it's not a problem. The girl who took my order was friendly. The wait for food only took about ten minutes, which was pretty good considering there were about five or six other orders before me. I liked the patacon more than my roommate, but I am also a sucker for anything with green plantains. The patacon held up extremely well (it traveled from the restaurant to Jersey City) and never got mushy, despite the ample addition of sauce. The chicharron was not greasy at all. My roommate preferred the tacucho, and it was easy to see why. It was a simple preparation: tortilla stuffed with a block of cheese wrapped around ham and additions of lettuce, tomato, and sauce. But it was delicious. The sauce really added to the flavor and turned an otherwise boring ham and cheese into something great. I wish this place was closer. It is not a short subway ride, but as long as the A is running its normal express route, it's not bad. Thankfully, it's open really late, so if I have a craving, I will be able to make it there at almost any time of day without fear of it being closed.
"PATACON, PATACON, YOU HAVE TO TRY ONE", All my friends would say. So after a few months of bragging my chance had come. One friend suggested we visit a food truck in INWOOD right across from the UMBRELLA night club. I ordered a patacon with pernil. It was eww....too much sauce and the platano was tasted and look burnt. A group of other friends said they knew another place nearby that made the perfect patacon and they were right, Eventhough it had been about 5 or 6 months later... I was instantly addicted to the unique sandwiches. Mmmm..Perfectly golden tostones, shredded chicken, slice of fried white cheese, fresh tomato. Worth a try. Note* The lines are usually long, outside the door, but moves fast. Only two table to dine in and try the patelitos de queso (Flour covered cheese sticks) while you wait.
The patacones are amazing! The lettuce and tomatoes are fresh, the cheese is perfectly fried, the meat is juicy, and the fried plantain bread is chewy and wonderfully tasty. Load up on whatever sauces you can find at the tables. There are many meats to choose from when ordering a sandwich, and of the various types I've tried, I liked pernil (roasted pork shoulder) the best.
This place is not only a welcomed change to the neighborhood selection of fast foods, but also an outstanding spot for satisfying cravings, munchies, and your overall need to be a fat kid. I mean, instead of bread they use either arepas or giant, man-sized tostones. How could you possibly go wrong with the aforementioned bread replacements? They make everything right in front of you, the staff is nice, and the place maintains a high level of cleanliness. Despite being a small, hole in the wall, all true foodies now that the best food comes from the least fancy locations - Cachapas y Mas is no exception to this rule. The food here is so amazing, and incredibly cheap, that they should have put a new planet fitness next to this place, because the neighborhood is sure to indulge in the tasty Venezuelan delight that has made its way to Inwood to further encourage overeating.
I seriously don't know how this place has such a high rating. I have been here 3 times-only because it's not far. Probably the worst arepas I have ever had in my life- and I have had a ton. The tequeños are so-so. The only reason I'm giving them two stars is because their cachapas were ok. The carne mechada is kind of bland (also probably one of the worst I have had), and they give you mozzarella instead of guayanes or palmizulia or something Venezuelan. Also, if you need another sign that this isn't a good Venezuelan restaurant: they asked me if I wanted ketchup and mayonnaise with my cachapa (I think they also said lettuce and tomatoes as if I had ordered a burger). They are obviously catering to people who don't know what Venezuelan food is supposed to taste like. FYI, if you want to use your credit card, be ready to spend at least $15 in terrible food. Luckily, this isn't the only Venezuelan restaurant in town.
I'll tell you something funny from today when I was in Inwood at the restaurant they called out the order Jose and about 3-4 guys looked around hahahaaa. Loved the arepas with chicken. It really helps if you speak some Spanish when you visit here. Brush up, it's worth it. On the technical side: "A" sanitation rating, takeout counter, busy, self service seating, small. It's more like a deli than a restaurant, you place an order and take a seat. Venezuelan influence apparent.
Make sure you go to the Cachapas y Mas on Dyckman. You can never go wrong with los palitos de queso, yoyos, or the jugo de chinola.
I absolutely love coming here everytime I have $10 cash and a craving  for a delicious meal and a fruit juice that reminds me of my childhood. I'm a fan of the Patacones, which are plantains made in a saucer. Delicious!!! And pairing it with Passionfruit juice, "Chinola" as they called. If you find your self in the area about 12 am, looking for a place to eat this one is it!!!
It's 3 am and nothing satisfies you like a hot, freshly made yoyo.  Sin mayonesa.  Nice people, good food.
We had biked up to the Cloisters on a late-summer Saturday and needed to eat. There weren't many choices from the look of the street other than McDonald's, so we entrusted the decision to Yelp. Sometimes this doesn't work so well, but I think we did pretty well this time. I had no idea what a Cachapa was going in. I think of it now as something like an corn cake, Vietnamese banh xeo, or El Salvadorian pupusa filled with stuff. The cake is perfectly sweetened and crispened in the pan, and with hot sauce and (unmarked) white sauce it became a delicious merging of sweet and spicy flavors. This is a meal that I have come to crave recently, and have been unable to locate nearer to my apartment. From the sign outside you would have thought this were a chain, too bad it's not I guess.
Stopped in for lunch here. The food was pretty good and reasonably priced. I ordered the shredded beef pepito (sandwich) with everything on it and a passion fruit juice. The sandwich was a lot thinner than I expected it to be, and my sandwich was dripping out grease and also made my bread soggy, but other than that the overall taste was good. My friend ordered the plantain sandwich (the bread is literally made of plantains) and said it was good. The juice was really good - I recommend trying it. One thing to note is they do take credit card if it's over $15, however they do NOT take Amex, even though the picture is on the door. So don't be misled!
Went with my friends after church. Really enjoyed the palitos de queso for $1.25! They are so addicting!! We all got patacones "con todo" (with everything). These patacones will do the trick if you're looking for a quick and filling meal for under $10!! My friend got the jugo de chinola (passion fruit juice) and it was really good! They had plenty of tables to sit us. The noise level wasn't too loud. It was a nice eatery and I wouldn't be opposed to going back!
Cachapas y Mas is BUENISIMO!  This is BY FAR one of my favorite restaurants in the Washington Heights and Inwood area.  It's delicious, affordable, clean, and just plain amazing. Though I enjoy cachapas, I actually prefer the patacon.  A patacon is a sandwich-like thing, but instead of a bun made of bread, the "bun" part consists of two flattened and fried green plantains.  I always order the cheese patacon.  The cheese is white and fried.  Also stuffed between the plantains are lettuce, tomatoes, and some sort of pale red sauce.  I always squirt tons of hot sauce on top as well! I always begin my meal with a tequeno, which is a little stick made of dough with melted cheese in the middle.  Excellent appetizer!  Loved by all! My companion dined on a tequeno and a cheese empanada, of which I took a bite.  Venezuelan empanadas are made with a corn shell, which makes for a unique and tasty experience The juices are yummy  as well.  I don't know if they're actually fresh, but they taste good. Come to Cachapas.  You will love it!  You can pig out for cheap on delicious, amazing food.
Arrived at our apartment early in the evening so we were starving after a 4+ hour flight and almost 2 hours subway trip. We wanted to eat something quick and close by; there is a McDonald's right around the corner, but COME ON, we're in NYC! Gotta try something you can't get elsewhere. The Yelp app led us to this place, a hop on the subway away. You never hear about a place that specializes in Venezuelan food in SoCal, much less anything that really resembles it. After debating and asking the very nice workers (and overhearing regulars), we all ordered. I ordered a patacon with chicken and was super excited to try out the green plantain "bread". Deeeelicious! Everything worked so well together and the flavors were insanely wonderful and unique. The pink and hot sauces they have added the perfect compliment. Although it was a bit messy and greasy, I thoroughly enjoyed every last bite. Reasonably priced for what you get, and even after starving all day, I was contently satiated. Definitely glad we got our adventure started on the right foot!
A great alternative to the usual fast food fare. I live nearby and have gone several times, working my way down the menu. So far I've tried the Arepas (with chicken), the Patacon (with shredded beef), the Cachapa (one with cheese and one with shredded beef). All were delicious! The empanadas are great too. The service can be a little uneven, but the staff is friendly and helpful most of the time.
My bf loves pretty much all Spanish/Latin-type food and for the past month has been begging some friends of ours who live in the neighborhood to bring us patacons and today they did. Oh. my. god. He got one pork and one with mixed meats.  I ended up stealing half of the pork one until he took it away from me.  Despite the fact that you're substituting tostones (smashed fried plaintains) for the bread of the sandwich, it was surprisingly light.  Not heavy at all.  Love that they keep sauce-to-meat ratio in check.  Not sloppy but perfectly coated.  Throw on some queso, lettuce, tomatoes and some other sauces (no idea...) and there you go. He quickly housed the other half of the sandwich and then the mixed one, and then promised we'd go get more soon.   Instantly obsessed.
Had a Patacon Mixto. A novelty item for sure. 2 bread-like contraptions made of smashed plantains, which holds the "sandwich" all together (sort of). Please ask for extra sauce and a fork. Eat it immediately or the plantains will harden. Lick your fingers good. Renovations to the venue made for more space plus cleaner, organized, and LCDs. You'll still wait 5-10 minutes minimum depending on the hour. But you won't regret it. Apx 5.50/patacon. Other menu items are unique also; worth a try.
Flew home off of tour this morning and after ditching my stuff at the apartment, grabbed a hoodie, sunglasses, $4 in cash and biked over the Brooklyn bridge, across town and up the west side bikeway till I hit 181st. Lots of runners and bikers out. Sunday afternoon. Feels nice. Not sure exactly what I just ate, but it looked like shredded chicken and greens, held between two pieces of flattened out, mashed up, deep fried corn meal. It was amazing. Especially the salsa. Back on the bike.
The Cubano yoyos was one of the best things i've ever had.
HELLO I FOUND A REAL AUTHENTIC VENEZUELAN RESTAURANT! Sorry for the caps, but I was so excited when I walked into Cachapas Y Mas. They make real authentic Venezuelan cusine! I've been trying to lay off the diary, but I had to have the cachapa with queso de mano! WOW tastes just like the ones in VZ! I've tried Caracas in East Village and Williamsburg, but CACHAPAS y MAS puts Caracas to SHAME. Seriously... Caracas is gross compared to Cahapas Y Mas. Take the subway or drive to Cachapas y Mas. Its THAT good. I'm already craving it again... and I want to drool as I type this! The Passion Fruit juice is yummy!
Burda de ricesa!! While eating my cachapa with queso de mano I got flashbacks of breezy summer days in los callos (beach near Valencia, Venezuela). The authenticity of the food is as close to Venezuelan as you'll get. They have a variety of Venezuelan staple foods including patacónes, arepas, pabellón, tequeños, empanadas, and of course cachapas. I brought my mom here, who is very picky about her cachapas because in Venezuela they're made with lightly processed corn and finding anything that fresh in the US is difficult. She liked her cachapa and said she had never heard of stuffing cachapas with chicken, shredded steak, etc. but she was pleasantly surprised. I can't wait until the next time!
I looooooooooved it! A friend alerted me of this Venezuelan place, and I could not wait to go. The cachapas are delicious and the arepas oh so good! It was fantastic to get to eat again Venezuelan cheeses; I miss them so much. I will be back soon!
A staple of late nite snacks. The club masses flock to this place for tequeños (pizza dough wrapped mozzarella cheese) and Arepas. A la carte Venezuelan food never disappoints so bring an appetite
My gf moved to the heights, and I had to help move a few items. I hadn't had dinner yet, so I picked something up close by. I have never heard of a cachapas, so I had to try one. It is basically a pancake made from sweet cornbread and filled with hispanic food. It was ok, but I would go with something else on the menu. The service is very quick.
Adventures in late night dining: Chapter 1, Cachapas Y Mas: Though I live close enough to eat here daily I unfortunately only stumble in when in desperate need of non-packaged food after even the latest restaurant/lounge has closed its kitchen, which in this area is pretty damn late! Though a lifelong fan of arepas, I've never heard of other Venezuelan delights such as cachapas and as one of the only restaurants serving anything edible at 3 AM I decided to give it a try. Relying on rusty, basic spanish and not knowing what exactly anything was, I ordered a queso cachapa with salsa. What I received was nothing short of amazing deliciousness! It's a lot like an arepa, in that it's a giant sandwich of thick slabs of buttery corn meal patties with white cheese and lettuce and tomatoes (the "salsa") in the middle. And let me tell you, friends, it is filling, cheap and tasty. Only $7! They also serve small empanadas for a dollar each as well as arepas and lots of other items. It's not really a place to linger, as it's a little dingy and is a fast food sort of place but you can eat at the counter or at one of the two tables if you like. Lines can form out of nowhere but it moves fast and is a testament to how good this place is. The people behind the counter were nice and they humored me when I was like "uh.. what?" after attempting to order in Spanish first. Check it out if you're in the area!
If I could give this restaurant a 0/5 I would. I am from Maracaibo, Venezuela just like the owner of this place. The service was terrible. The tables were dirty. They didn't have cafe con leche even though I went during breakfast hours! The food is FAR from authentic Venezuelan cuisine! Please do not eat here! It's not authentic, clean, or friendly!
This place was a nice regional place to visit. Coming from southern california, I am familiar with California Burritos and Carne Asada fries. I ate two things here.. a Cachapa and Patacone. Oh and the fried cheese stick. I believe with the Cachapa I had Steak and Patacone I ordered chicken. My friends and I were staying in Washington Heights and we arrived to our apt. at about 7 pm. So we figured this was a short subway ride away to start off our food adventures. Walked in and was like, what the heck are all these foods and... nothing is in English. So I went to the cashier and I asked what was popular.. she didn't understand me... anyways... there was a nice young fellow a little older than me that helped me out suggesting what he liked and even translating for us. Then I started to use my 5 years of Spanish to order.. it kinda worked. Anyways, this place is good. Definitely regional food. The Steak in the Cachapa was very tastey.. though it wasn't really tender. The "chicken" in the patacone felt like.. pork and it wasn't too tastey. Kinda mushy too. The cheese stick was pretty much a cheese stick fried.. which was actually delicious, but I love cheese. It was a good meal, but I'm not positive I'd come back.
It's good. I only get the Chorizo Patacon which is AMAZING. The "Palitos de Queso" are also very good specially with the Mayo/Ketchup sauce. Yeah, not the healthiest food, but that's why it's so good. Ordering on the phone can be tricky so you might be best off just going there.
Not the best arepa but at 2am it'll do Food is made fresh and 1 should have you pretty full for about $6.  The arepas are pretty bland compared to others, needed a few hot sauces to add some flavor... Thomas' corn English muffin is actually better then their arepas, and the petacon just tasted like a dry tostone.  The sauce they threw on the beef arepas tasted like Big Mac special sauce, pretty weak.   Really busy  late night spot but I wouldn't go out of the way for it
The whole concept is just great but the fact that they used cold plantains to do my chacapa it was not good at all! The environent is not the greatest but for a quick bite (when they make it right) this is a good place to come
This is a great, local "quick bite" spot. First and foremost - TRY THE JUICES - they have GREAT fruit drinks that are really, really good!  My favorite is the Guanábana.  The  Cherry Lemonade is really good too. They make really good PATACONES - it's a green plantain sandwich with meat of your choice and veggies in between the plantains (the plantains are mashed together to form a patty and are used like buns). It's soooooo delicious! The Arepas are really good as well as the Venezulan burrito's = yummy!   I absolutely love their Empanada's, they all taste so good. Try the Baby Shark with the both of the dipping sauces individually - so good!   The only negative is that they won't deliver to my area. When they first opened they delivered to my building once but never again because we live on a big hill and their delivery guys don't want to walk up the hill. Anyway, the whole delivery thing is ridiculous. Bottom line: great Venezuelan "fast food", and a good late night spot (they stay open pretty late).
The neighbor looks like something you'd see in West Side Story or something so when you have 4 asians walking around..you can tell we aren't from the area and I bet when we first walked in they probably thought we were lost it was actually kind of funny...but anyways... WOW! This place is amazing!!! We stayed at Dyckman so it was a quick walk from our place. The lady we borrowed an apartment from told us about this place and that we wouldn't regret it...and NOPE! we really didn't!! This place is SO GOOD! I've never had venezuelan food before and this place is awesome! I had their empanda's...OMG! amazing!!! and only $1 say whaaaatttt!! yeah I know..whenever we'd get back to our place late..we'd ALWAYS stop by here and pick up like 20 of these things...they're so good! I can only imagine the other food....All I have to say is, I'm glad I don't live there..I'd gain so much weight eating there.. If you ever make a stop by there...go there!!! They're open til like 5 in the morning...SO good!
Ordered from GrubHub  and the service/delivery was super quick. I got the two meats, three meats, and pernil.. also chinola (passion fruit) juice. So good. Will definitely order again.
Went today, no line, took about 3-5 minutes to get my order of Arepa Carne Mechada and Pepito Pollo which came to total of $10. Thumbs down on both. There was literally no flavor and the meat was chewy on both, even though they put alot of sauce on it -- its all very bland. I was starving and downed most of the Arepa Carne and now feel like a brick is sitting in my stomach. Wish I got something else with my $10.
Their shark patties are probably the most adventurous thing I've ever eaten, and despite what I've heard about it, it wasn't bad. Hot sauce fixes everything! It just has a very fishy taste that I'm not used to. The best part are the patacones! I wish the plaintain "buns" were a bit softer, but it went really well with the meaty inside. I'll have to find more patacones in my neighborhood!
I ordered delivery and after taking forever to get here, the food was ok. The food that they remembered at least. They forgot an item which was annoying, but they didn't charge me for it. I am not going to hold the time against them because my street is not the most well known. The food was ok. For lunch I had a ham and cheese cachapa which was very good. It is the first I ever had, so nothing to compare it to, but I enjoyed it. I would highly caution against ordering a tacucho (Venezuelan style burrito) which I had for dinner. It did not sit well with me. Felt sick after. Probably won't order here again unless I am strangely craving a cachapa.
Yum Yum Yum-- anything wrapped in a corn cake is amazing.  The cheese empanadas are an absolute dream.  The Yo Yo (smashed plantain sandwich) was a little disappointing-- drier than expected, and the carne asada wasn't nearly as good as the chicken.  Stick with the corn cakes. Not really a sit-down place, but it has nice, heavy wooden benches if you need to take a moment.  Things move pretty fast in here, and I imagine the people watching would be good if you wanted to take your time. Did I mention cheap?  All sandwiches come in between $5-8, and they are not fooling around.
Best Arepas I've tried!
Yum Authentic, delicious, and flavorful.   No frills and some English issues buttttt it was a nice treat after visiting the cloisters. You can def tell its a good place bc it was crowded at an odd hour. Try the plantain sandwich with the special spicy sauce, does not disappoint.
My husband  found Cachapas Y Mas on Atif I's page. yelp.com/user_details?us… I think it must have changed a little since Atiff went because there are a few Americanized dishes now. The employees we met were mostly Colombian not Venezuelan. Never the less my hubby loved it! For me I knew what i was getting into. I am not a vegetarian though I had phases where I was. But I am on an anti inflammatory diet due to my health and I am not supposed to eat all fried foods or all meat. I can eat meat and fried foods but only if I have healthy foods to balance it out. For me that is the main issue I have with it but I knew that going in. But my hubby loved it. I had cheese and chicken Empanada's which were really good! My hubby had a YOYO an Tachuchos. He had pork and chicken. We always try each others food. It was all good. yea as Atiff said a big mess but a delicious mess! We had the soda called Coolito. It looks like Cola but tastes like Bubble Gum. It is not to my taste. In my opinion though it is good on several levels it is not a destination restaurant. But if going uptown anyway it is worth it to eat there! The service is extremely friendly, it is very clean and a plus for the summer it opens to the outside and you feel like you are sitting outside enjoying the sun!
I always get the pollo yoyo with pink sauce. I love this place. Not just the good but the people here are cordial. A true gem to the community of Washington heights.
There are not many Venezuelan eatery in NYC more over in Washington Heights/Inwood Hispanic mecca. But this place is open 23 hours, and no matter what time you go it is packed which means only one this the food is GREAT. The prices are dirt cheap for the fill you are gonna get. They make the food in front of you it is fresh and nice. If you get a bench, you hit the jackpot because you get to eat it steaming hot. The yoyo and the patacon which is a yellow and later green plantain sandwich are really good. Try everything once until you find the flavors and textures that you prefer. The yoyo with shredded beef is my favorite. The empanadas provide a REALLY cheap snack or meal in a pinch. The service is quick and efficient.ENJOY!!!
I dug my mouth into a 'Yo-Yo de carne mechada' (The basic patacon is made of a huge 'toston' or 'frito', replacing the bread. A Yo-Yo is mashed sweet yellow plantain fried into a circle shaped goodness to replace the bread, ah! and carne mechada is shredded beef, in a stew-like sauce) dripping with melted cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, two sauces thats I didnt care to ask what they were... and had no pulse. I had died and went to heaven, and continued eating. My friend had the 'Patacon de pollo' which as always the Patacon never dissapoints, my mines was better! (oh yeah!) a side of 'Palitos de queso' (cheese sticks, in a thick 'patelito' like batter) and a good ol' SunKist. Seating is limited, three back to back booth tables, and four stools by the window. They do not accept cards; Ohhhh, thats why the ATM machine is stationed up front! THANKYOU CACHAPAS... FOR BEING CREATED!!!!
Three words: Palito de queso. Get it!!! & the sauce to go with it. Absolutely yummy!!! Love this place. Especially after a night of dancing. The patacons are slammmmmingggg. Can't wait to go back.
I wish this place was closer to me......though I'm glad it's not (and delivery is very fast....) This stuff is delicious....I'd never had cachapas before here but am a convert! Delicious arepas and patacones and such too......Just really good, fresh, and maizey! This place needs to multiply! Yum!
Food was delicious, the queso patacon is unbelievable with cheese sticks and the passion fruit juice. The place was small but the great customer service and tasty dishes definitely compensates for the size!
Best Patacones ever . Deffenitly a place to go after the club or party.
Despite the dishes themselves being delicious, this place has terrible service and questionable hygiene practices.  Bathroom is filth and tables not properly bussed. Did I mention terrible customer service?? It is almost as of they don't want you to patron their business. But...cachapas are delicious, so I recommend you go elsewhere for them.
Love this place. The steak sandwiches and tacuchos (venezuelan burritos) are a great deal for $5, and $1 empanadas? That are GOOD? YES. Very cool people that work there, too!
When I'm here I can't ever decide what I want because it all looks so crazy good. Cachapas offers cheap but tasty Venezuelan "fast" food that's super filling. Not sure how authentic it is but who cares? Picture a pulled pork or braised steak sandwich stuffed in between two big platanos or a thick corn patty. The pulled pork and beef is tasty on its own but just divine when you add the tabletop sauces. Dislikes include sticky tabletops where you may have to clean up the mess the last diner left behind and its a small space so its standing room only. Sometimes I hate myself for eating too much and having to walk all the way home but it's worth it.
Extremely good food, speedy delivery and great value for your buck. I'm not sure what to recommend as everything I've had was delicious. Be warned though, if you call for delivery there may not be anyone who speaks English, which is understandable given the neighborhood but can be a bit frustrating for those of us with only basic conversational Spanish
I joined yelp just to write a positive review for Cachapas y Mas. The woman at the counter was really friendly and explained all the different items. I had a cachapa with carne asada and it was delicious. It is an oasis of excellence amongst a sea of mediocrity in Inwood.
Mmmmmm.... yummy, cheap and fast Venezuelan grub. Cachapas is like a corn omelette with various choice of meat fillings with lettuce, tomato and their special sauce.  The Patacones has the same fillings but use flattened plaintains as the "bun."  I usually go for the pernil, chorizo or the mixto.  I am not a big fan of the empanadas but my boyfriend likes them. They deliver, but only until 9pm.  The place is really for takeout only.  They have only about three booths there.
Looks like a fast food place, but it is SLOW food.  Extremely tasty and filling sandwiches made of cheeses and meats in between fried corn meal (arepa), fried baby corn meal (cachapa), green plantain (tacopine), and yellow plantain (yoyo).  Very cheap for excellent home made food ($5-6 for a sandwich).  I am just sad about the three years I've lived here and I did not know about this resource until today.
Good Prices. Food is great, especially their hamburgers
Highly recommend. I can finally get Arepas around my house, and the Patacones, I love them. There is a lot of sauce on these though, so you may want to ask for them with no sauce. Sauce is on the table, and you can apply at your leisure.
I've only eaten here once. Ordered out. Chachapa with carne asada sated my appetite and wooed my taste buds. We got a Patacón with beef that was not as much to my liking, but for the price and overall experience i was very impressed. We need more places like this in town.
Ughhhh Where do I begin?! The Patacon..One word.. Amazing. Damn I want it right now. Sooooo Fattening but soo damn good!
I mean, to give this venue anything less than 4 stars is a crime. GREAT food, cheap prices, short wait time for food, open late. What more could you ask for? Any time I stop by Dyckman to party, Cachapas Y Mas is a definite stop. Patacones full & Patacones con pollo are always on deck for me and my friends. I will say though, if you want to eat after the club, try to leave a little early to get there for 3:15-3:30 or there will be a little wait, but with some gorgeous females to occupy your time...lol
I've had patacones in several NYC spots and this place serves the best.
Authentic food, fresh, fast, and inexpensive.  Has area to sit down, for a quick bite, no table service, many people grab and go. Definitely going back. For the price, don't think many places can beat it. 2 people can eat with drinks for less than $20.
My coworker is Ecuadoran, so he suggested we try some Latin flavor  (The food, you pervs).  Me, being the culinary adventurous type, said sure...why not.  Now it isn't as adventurous as the Ethiopian food I had back in college but it was new to me, so what the hey.  Anyway, needless to say, the food was damn good.  Just be careful if you're on a diet.  There's no shortage of grease or calories.  But like I said...damn good.  Correction: Damnnnnn goooodd.  Mmmm...drool.  The Venezuelan girl (owner's older daughter, I think) was pretty cute, too.  Lol.
Great place to come to. Fresh made food with cheap prices how can you beat that.
Great food yellow platain w meat cheese lettues a sweet taste wonderful called yo yo ,n many more like patcon cachapas tacuo wow my favorite. Spot
4.5 stars! I've never had venezuelan food before - but I'll tell you - I will definitely have it again! We took our family here for lunch before visiting the cloisters. We love trying new things - and the reviews on yelp didn't lie! Kind of a fast food restaurant feel - but the staff were so nice and accommodating!! I loved the yoyo pernil queso y jamon sandwich (it used fried ripe plantains as the bread!). My daughter had the cachapas with roast pork - that was amazing too! To top it off - we devoured the tres leches cake - my favorite! Great place, great service - great time!
I'd give Cachapas y Mas 2.5 stars. I wouldn't go to this place sober.
I came here based on their reviews and the food was good. I has a chicken yoyo and pork cachapas which both were pretty good
Should've went with the patacon. Service was, judging by the discrepancy with fellow reviewers, uncharacteristically SLOW and incredibly rude. Why my order of cachapa con queso and passion fruit juice took longer than multiple folks after me, many of whom went con carne, is beyond me. Taste-wise, the end results were very good, but this joint wasn't worth my trouble or money.
Nothing fancy but the food is good and affordable. Their cheese sticks are pretty darn good!
Clean is the best thing about this place. Kitchen is painfully slow (why??). Cachapas were wayy too dry for our taste, though steak empanada was delish. Just not sure if I'd go back out there.
The patacones are the best in New York and they have some burgers here that are amazing!!! This place is the place to go to after a great night out and you want something cheap that could help you sober up a little.
It's a guilty pleasure. Have you ever been a little tipsy and wanted something you couldn't quite define. Well, this little girl wanted a sandwich, but with tostones, and wait. . . Avocado. & truthfully, I just wanted a patacon, even if I didn't know it. I stumbled in and devoured it. It isn't a spectacular restaurant in terms of appearance, but the food is divine [even sober!] and the service is friendly. I love taking friends there and introducing them to their next guilty pleasure
Amazing food! The prices are unbeatable. I worked in this neighborhood for a year and a half and was sad that I didn't try it sooner than I did. But I was a pretty regular customer for the last 9 months or so. It became an obsession and I would use any excuse to go there for lunch. I mean $5  lunch... who wouldn't be obsessed. I would recommend this spot to anyone in a heartbeat.
Deliciously bad-for-you!! The prices are great and the place is open late. This is the perfect after-dancing spot!
i'm very sad this place is in the bronx because it is ridiculously delicious and so affordable. this was my first time having a cachapa so i have nothing to compare it to but i don't usually like south american food and i LOVED this. the cornbread flavor was amazing and the texture was crispy but soft and it went so well with the nicely seasoned carne asada. i loved it so much i even yelped where i can find a cachpa in manhattan. i think it only came up with one or two results... :(
This place should be called Patacons Y mas because thats what people come here for!!! The sandwiches are the messiest but most delicious you have ever had...snd they are CHEAP the fried cheese sticks are awesome must try they are like some type of spanish mozzarella stick but much bette!!! Try them with the GREEN sauce I NEED that recipe!!!
Best food in inwood... Cachapas r the bomb arepas r ok.
Arepa De chicarron was amazing... Love the cheese sticks and cherry juice...
I thought I knew what great cheap food tasted like then I walked in the door here and my taste buds got bitch slapped and my NYC food ego was rocked. I don't want to tell you what to get to avoid doing a disservice to any of the options on the menu. My friends and I basically orders one of everything and shared. I would be lying to you if I didn't acknowledge an OE (overeating event). I don't live in that area or bike up there much (that its how i stumbled upon it) but its worth visiting.
My girlfriend stumbled upon this place last night  while thumbing through the Manhattan Times Dining Guide. The food pictured looked fantastic and after a quick look at the online menu we decided to try the chorizo cachapa, chicken tachucho and the shredded beef patacon (food for three for only $15). All I can say is that the food there is fire. I mean, just really really good. Once we discovered that the burgers come with potato stix we knew we'd found a new favorite. They're delivery guy was a little iffy, so be clear with your directions. Enjoy! Oh, and it's open 'til 6 a.m. Edit (7/27/2009): This past Wednesday's edition of the NY Times "$25 and Under" column featured "Cachapas y Mas" in an article about NYC's cheap Venezuelan fare. Check it out: nytimes.com/2009/07/22/d…
I'm thinking, though I don't know since I'm not Venezuelan, that this is authentic street/fast food. We had the avocado salad arepa (which is actually chicken salad with chunks of avocado), cheese arepa, and tacucho with shredded beef (my company said it was delicious). The corn arepas taste and feel deep fried, and were a bit tough to really bite into. My cheese arepa was fried cubes of white cheese served with lettuce, tomato, ketchup, and a mayo sauce...which was so weird that I gave up on the idea of it being an arepa and ate it as a sandwich. I grew up in Queens on the 7 train, this made me miss the Arepa lady and her soft, fluffy, melt-in-your-mouth arepas. We did have the lime sugar cane juice, which was really tangy but way too sweet. It was alright, though I'm mostly proud that Wash Heights/Inwood has a restaurant that knows their business and delivers a professional experience. I won't be going back though unless I want a deep fried diabetic coma.
I tried different patacon and yoyo etc. on different places and this place is one of the best so far...
The food here is amazing. Nothing fancy, but totally great. I love a patacon de queso with extra sauce.
Great place. It's our restaurant of choice in our neighborhood. The food is fresh, the place is spotless, and the staff is very competent. And oh yes, the food is awesome, too! Very unique food here in the US and it's a nice treat to have something different that tastes great.
I tried this place out after getting a recommendation from my brother, and it's one of the few times I've regretted listening to him.  The food was decently priced, and ok tasting, but the after affects will keep me from coming back.  If you really want some good Venezuelan food, I say just walk the extra block and a half to the patacon truck, which has been rated on Yelp already, and get your fill in there for the same prices, albeit a slightly longer wait.
My boyfriend is Venezuelan, so of course he does not like this place, but  I liked it. The tequenos and cheese cachapa are good.
i got a chicken cachapa. omg, so yummy! and for the cost, it's an amazing deal. really good venezuelan food, will be back for sure!
The foods are sooo good.Too bad its fattening!
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood. Friendly people, inexpensive and delicious food. I'd never eaten a cachapa before, but now that I have, I'll definitely be back for more.
some things are better than others but i have no complaints :)
It's open late and it's cheap. Its just an ok cachapa too much stuff I didn't enjoy. But it has enough options on the menu that will make me try again
EXCELLENT Venezuelan food.  My wife is a native Venezolana and loves going to this place.  Cachapas Y Mas food is as good as it gets without going to Venezuela.  We often go out of our way just to go here to eat.  Besides their cachapas-- their empanadas and arepas are also very delicious and filling.  Cheap/affordable prices and this restaurant is open almost 24 hours a day.  Can't go wrong.
Inexpensive, yummy, I would suggest you take out instead because it's a little small and not always the cleanest. So goodddd though yum. I always get the tacucho con pernil
