I've been here twice and really like it. Their food is very greek authentic and the place itself looks really cool. They have orchids everywhere and a fireplace in the middle of the room. They have a HUGE wine list (which i love) and a full bar that we choose to sit at after dinner. Service is friendly, and overall it was a nice experience. I would and will go back.
I'd recommend steamed mussels. "MYDIA ACHNISTA" best ever had.
Just had another great meal at Axia, a pretty, somewhat elegant place in Tenafly. Nice bar, great service, moderate prices, and the best octopus this side of Mykanos. Not as fancy as the "Milos"-style restaurants (with the fresh fish, flown in from the Agean, on ice for all to see) that have become popular in New Jersey, but every bit as good, at substantially less Drachma (or now, Euros). My wife and I ate for about $110, including tip and tax, and everything was top-notch. We'll be back.
Axia is an attractive and trendy restaurant catering to an upscale "almost" hip crowd.  I've eaten dinner there a dozen times and found the service and freshness of the food to be inversely related to how busy they are...in other words they don't handle crowds well.  When the place is moderately full you can expect great meal, when they're packed GO SOME WHERE ELSE!   I would have given them 4 stars but last night I went there for the first time just to have drinks at the bar with a friend from out of town, he had a Bourbon(2 oz on the rocks) and I had a Prosecco with a splash of St Germain...two simple drinks and I was hit with a bill for $30. Last week my wife and I did a night in Manhattan and had drinks at Flute on the upper west side and saw a cabaret show at La Poisson Rouge in the Village...we did not pay more than $10 per drink at either place.   I'm sorry, but in this economy outrageously priced bar drinks in a back street suburban boit just does not cut it!
The best Greek restaurant we have been to in bergen county. The  Taramasalata was outstanding. The flaming baked cheese was quite good. For dinner the salmon special was very good. The grilled salmon was good as well. The seafood orzo was good and had a lot of feta cheese - maybe too rich. The grilled bronzino was a little dry. The lamb was very good but the portion was small. The baklavah ice cream sandwich was a summer only treat.  So no luck. The chocolate ouzo lava cake was good. Dark chocolate and not very sweet.  Service was pleasant but quite slow.
This has become one of my favorite restaurants. My company has taken us for business dinners a few times so far and every time is better then the time before. The food is fresh and very tasty and always presented beautifully. The staff is always friendly and on top of things.
I've been here on 2 occasions and each time was a delight. Demetri and the rest of the staff are very friendly and help create a very enjoyable experience. The food is very good and the place has a true Mediterranean feel, especially in the warm months when the front is open. You won't be disappointed!
I've been to Axia Taverna quite a few times.  It has NEVER disappointed me.  It's a beautiful restaurant in the modest area of Tenafly with good service and great Greek food.  I just met a friend for dinner this evening and was happy to see a full restaurant with many familiar faces.  I ordered a 9$ glass of Rose wine which tasted great and wasn't too pricey.  We decided to split the split pea puree spread and grilled octopus to start.  Both were really great!  The puree was light and flavorful and the grilled octopus was cooked wonderfully.  I had the small order of Horiatiki salad after which was also really fresh and delicious.  I love a restaurant that is always consistent with its good service and high quality food- thank you Axia!!
Upscale Greek Restaurant, perfect for dining with someone who loves atmosphere and good food.  Not the best for kids, too many stairs, and the food is pricey, but if you are in town, not a bad meal.
I went here last night with my family and I loved it. I had the YOUVETSI APO THALASSINA (seafood & orzo baked in a clay pot * shrimps * scallops * feta * tomato) and thought it was delicious! My mom had the TENDERLOIN OF PORK with the KRITHARAKI STO FOURNO - (orzo, tomato, feta, mizithra, olives), she thought it was great and she is hard to please. My brother had the ORTIKI KAPNOSTO (cinnamon smoked quail * ouzo peppercorn sauce * shoestring fries) there was not much on his plate but what was there he said was great. Also, it was his first time eating quail and he said it is better than chicken, he is another one to please. My dad had the MOUSSAKA TENAFLY (clay pot casserole * eggplant * meat sauce * béchamel), he was not thrilled with it. I do not think it was because the dish was bad I just don't think he is a moussaka type of guy. He did eat all of it except maybe a spoonful. The place was nice the service was good, and we were very pleased all around.  I would go here again. For our four entrees it cost about $96 with tax, with out tip.
Tasty upscale Greek fare in Tenafly. Lovely decor. Highlights: octopus, pastichio, pita, wine by the glass. Highly recommend!
This is a fun neighborhood place with a warm friendly environment and great upscale Greek food.  This is not your typical heavy Greek place.  The food is delicate, elegantly prepared and presented.  We enjoyed the seafood casserole, as well as the octopus appetizer and the shrimp saganaki. They also have a great selection of Greek wines. For dessert the baklava ice cream sandwich was excellent.
Best Greek Restaurant in NJ.
My husband and I have been here twice. Both times we have left impressed. The wine and food does not disappoint. I was especially impressed with the mixed grill seafood appetizer, which had the most succulent calamari. We were not thrilled with the apple fritters for dessert, but it was kind of our fault, since we didn't realize what an apple fritter was... deep fried apple is not really our thing. Next time, we'll try a different dessert.
Usually delicious food in a very attractive place. Love the octopus appetizer! Good and friendly service. Not inexpensive but worth it.
Wonderful spot for brunch, dinner. Not easily  seen, look for it. Superb service (Adham is consistenly great), very good food (had branzino grilled whole and salmon with a black olive feta etc crust which as superb)  - desserts were good and a very nice complement to the meal. They are expanding, go before they get larger as they lose the intimate feel it now has.
WOW!  What a find thanks to Yelp!  A touch noisy, but the service, food and atmosphere were fantastic.  You won't want to miss this place, a real find!
Went to dinner here again this evening... Very good Greek Mediterranean style food ... A bit over salted, not as great as its posted reviews.
Mildly upscale Greek restaurant with a helpful staff and nice food.  Easy parking.
i got the sea bass and it was super fresh and well-prepared.  my friend had the eggplant lasagna.. i usually hate eggplant but this was wonderful, and didn't feel as heavy as a pasta lasagna would have.  i can eat the greek yogurt forever, too.
Great Atmosphere! Great food!
on the positive side, this is a lovely restaurant with good, interesting food and pretty decor.  It's slightly pricey for what it is, but that would be quite tolerable.  What's not tolerable is the self-righteous manager (perhaps he's the owner), who when questioned about the bar bill became quite arrogant and indignant and franly so unpleasant that I would never step foot in the restaurant again.  After some discussion, he slapped the bill on the table and said:  "Here, take it!" What kind of customer service and hospitality is that?
A continuing revelation for Bergen County restaurant goers. Fine service and largely excellent food stand out against the local competition, especially in the (typically lower-priced) Greek arena. No sickly sweet Greek salads or identi-dips here, but fresh ingredients, well prepared. The grilled branzino -- my third time having it -- always a winner. Reasonable wine list and relaxed but efficient attitude of staff makes this upscale Greek worth the high, but not unreasonable, tariff.
consistently perfect steaks cooked just right everytime...med rare with a hint of char and very juicy.  great bar too.  will keep coming back as long as they don't change a thing.
During a family visit to Tenafly, New Jersey my husband and I asked locals what ethnic restaurants they would recommend & AXIA was highly recommended by nearly everyone.  Since we love Greek food we were delighted...and wound up eating there 3 nights out of 4, the drinks, food, service and ambience were that good. On our last night we closed the menu and asked Tim, the friendly, professional owner, to order for us...once again we were delighted with our meal.  Our Greek restaurant Kokari in San Francisco is very good, but the warm friendly atmosphere of AXIA is a rare find.
I highly recommend Axia and as a Greek that means something. You will pay a little extra but trust me, its worth it.  I ordered a seafood pot.  It was very good, but ultimately not what I was in the mood for.  Nonetheless I still really enjoyed it.  The pot was a healthy mix of rice, monkfish, and large quantities of shrimp and scallops. If you are not familiar with saganaki, its a Greek cheese which set on fire with lemon juice.  It makes for quite the show and at Axia it tasted terrific!  For dessert I would suggest the cinnamon metaxa.  We also ordered homemade loukoumades.  They had a different flavor than I am accustomed to but were quite tasty!
As good as it gets for Bergen County Independent cuisine. Took my parents there, wanted to try something new aside from El Cid.  My dilemma is that aside from the chain restaurants in Bergen County, the other restaurants just flat out suck - don't get me wrong i'm a ride or die jersey girl, but the food choices are just not that great.   I saw decent reviews on this place so I figured to check it out.  I am quite pleased with the ambiance and the food.  The portions are on the smaller side but the ingredients are very fresh and tasty. The menu is simple but they mastered the taste.  The taramosolata was soooo good and the lamb rib chops were sooo juicy and tender!!! Definitely get the Baklava Ice Cream Sandwich for dessert!!! Looking forward to going here again!
So I have learned a few things from living here in Bergen County NJ, when a restaurant gets 4 + stars be wary because you folks have no idea what food is... I am sorry.  So wasn't I pleasantly surprised that this place has 4+ stars and was good!!! Yes I am a spoiled little Manhattan transplant... forced out of my home by yuppies and like most native New Yorkers have ended up here in NJ.  I am used to a certain type of food.  When I go out I want to eat what I do not make at home.  Not just 2 weeks ago I was sitting with buds asking wtf is up with Bergen County/NJ cuisine??? It isn't that good... sorry it isn't.  I don't know why?  Cross the bridge and it's like another food world!   So the fact that Axia was really good and scores high on this place surprised me.   I went in with low expectations and they proved my blackened heart wrong.  The service is great.  The drinks are strong and not watered down.  The food is REALLY GOOD.  Me and hubs both had fish and it was (gasp) FRESH!   So you are going to drop some cash when you go there, but it is WORTH IT.   So eat here,  Food is really good!  Drop some cash.  It is worth it!
I've been here more than 30 times, so I think I know it!   It's my go to place.   Upscale greek in Tenafly.   Nice bar,  where I spend most of my time!   Clearly the best restaurant I'm town.   Great selection of Greek wines, of which I am a big fan.     Everything is solid.   I gravitate towards the lighter fare: 3 bean salad is fantastic.    Greek salad is generous.   Spreads are very good.
Went for Thursday lunch and was blown away by Axia Taverna. Loved the meal from start to finish. Zucchini chips for a starter - lightly battered and perfectly fried. Mussels were tender and you just had to soak up ever drop of that broth. For entree, the octopus is a must. The moussaka was also killer but a bit heavier. I think it's a great dish to share. Finally I am not usually a fan of baklava because it is typically way too sweet for my palate. But this baklava isn't too sweet, it is the best I've ever had. I will definitely will be back again. 5 stars!
I had high hopes for this restaurant on the back of the reviews from my fellow yelpers, and arranged a family lunch to celebrate my Dad's 75th birthday At 12:15 for lunch. We made reservations using OpenTable and made sure to let the restaurant know it was a special occasion there. We were excited to enter, big clean and soaring ceilings, floor to ceiling wine wall, spacious bar area on the first level. We were seated quickly, drink orders in promptly and meal orders shortly after that. It was about 12:35 by that point. Bread was passed to the table.   We had two children (3 and 6) with us and put in their dishes for lunch at the same time. Our starters - grilled octopus and horatiki salad came through quickly and we were pleased with the freshness of the dishes.  Grilled octopus is not for the faint hearted...the tentacles are left whole so if that doesn't appeal to you, leave this one off your selections. The starving kids didn't get their dishes yet by this point.  It was 1:25 by this point. Shortly after we brought to their attention that we didn't yet get our dishes, the rest came out.  The long and short: Branzino- filleted table side, simple grilling and served w a lemon sauce. Came with choice of side, for $30...husband was happy.   Chicken in lemon thyme gravy with fingerling potatoes. Delicious but a bit over salted. Colorado lamb chops for $40.  Grilled and rather sadly plated and  over salted again. Not worth the ticket price. Seafood with orzo in clay pot. Brimming with seafood, an orzo baked dish topped w feta cheese. Tasted of white wine. Home style cooking but nothing spectacular. Monkfish with leeks.  Large portioned and well done. Desserts were uninspired, with the exception of the baklava. That one is a must have. We finished lunch (and not intentionally looking to lolly around, but on account of slow pacing) at 3 pm! All together for over $300 for 5 adults and 2 kids I am not impressed and will not be coming back. Good food, but not great, and definitely not worth the money. Folks in Tenafly, try Varka in Ramsey for consistently great food, excellent service.  It's worth the drive.
An all round winner in Tenafly. Great service, great food, great bar scene, great decor. It's the closest thing to a well run Manhattan restaurant experience that I've had in this area.
Still loving this place after numerous visits over several years now. We sampled a number of the small plates last night and enjoyed every one. However, I have rolled back one star because they were out of one of my favorite items on the menu - keftedakia. How does a Greek place run out of meatballs on a rainy (but crowded) Tuesday night? I was disappointed, but able to overlook this small transgression. Our server was lovely and apologetic, and paced our evening perfectly. Axia has become increasingly popular over time; don't forget to make a reservation. Opa!
Good service, food, cocktails and nice interior. Drinks: Sparkling red wine, Gin St. Germain cocktail was good. Food: The 3 dip appetizer was mediocre, but I don't have much experience with what they gave except the tzatziki (which was good). We ordered octopus which came out very tender & tasty. The shrimp platter was also good. Oh - and they had really good bread (it was plain but it was fresh and warm).
Consistently outstanding and fresh food.  I love this place.  The service is great and it's a true local gem.  It's always busy and the clientele is very loyal, so that alone should say a lot.  A must if you're in the area.
This place was lovely. A little gem in Tenafly -- did not see anything remotely as nice for miles around. The restaurant is beautifully and tastefully designed and decorated. The upstairs -- more spacious and quiet -- has large window for beautiful views of.... Well, that's why it lost a star for me. A restaurant which provides a wonderful meal and evening all around, is lost on a street where across the way is a generic strip mall. Location is definitely a buzzkill. (Do not bring someone here on a first date. The lack of good segue to a bar would put a damper on your flow.) The food was fantastic! Traditional Greek appetizers were great; cannot go wrong. I ordered the roasted chicken dish (my go to at any new restaurant) and it was sublime. Hearty, unctuous, rich...now I know why I ought to write reviews right afterwards; so I still have the leftovers to eat. That being said, I sense an update to this review in the near future. *Shibin M.'s review for this restaurant is great! Check out his page for exceptional detail and menu preferences.*
Let me tell you now, you will spend a pretty penny on this place and you will be glad you did. Went there for a dinner one night. Everyone is kinda dressed up on the cleaner side ie dress shirts, dresses, pants, jeans that fit and not have your ass hanging out. You get the idea. 2 floors. Downstairs is louder. I suggest you make a reservation and ask to be seated upstairs is you want to talk to people in your group at a resonable volume. You also get a nice view of the parking lot and can creep on the kitchen in the house adjacent to the resturant if you're into that kinda thing. Anyway food. It's awesome . Had tzatziki and a sausage thing as a starter. Skip the sausage (too salty for my liking). Had the Colorado lamb chops. Perfectly cooked, well seasoned, I really can't complain. Nothing wrong with the dish at all. My girlfriend ordered KOTOPOULO SPARTI and damn did i wish I ordered that instead. SO much flavor, perfectly cooked, nice and juicy. I'm not talking wet juicy rather, I'm talking about juicy juicy if you catch my drift.  Baklava ice cream sandwich for dessert and that's a wrap. You will not regret it for dessert unless you're some ice cream hating monster (even then, I'm sure you'll convert into an ice cream lover.)
This place is kinda hidden and tricky to find.  But once you get here, the food and ambiance are on point.   Just attended my friend's kid's dol, which is the korean tradition of celebrating a baby's first year b'day.  Let me tell ya, it is a big deal.  I've been to many dols in my life.  And the one here was done well.  There was even a magic show for the kids. Anyhow, the food was good.  Started the meal with nicely baked pita and evoo.  (Shame on any yelper who doesn't know the evoo acronym).  The greek salad was light and palate cleansing.  The babaganoush was also made well.  Not too much garlic.  I ordered the lamb chops.  It was the first time I didn't mind eating lamb without any mint jelly.  Tasted like beef but with a little hint of game.  The reduced sauce on the lamb covered the gaminess.  It was a nice touch.   Overall, I was impressed.  Try sitting upstairs because the floor-ceiling windows provide panoramic views.  But Piermont Rd is tough to locate.  (It is by the railroad tracks)
3.5/5 Not bad by any means, our meal just barely missed the mark of greatness, and was overall solid/good food. The food has it's hits and it's misses. More or less you will eat good food, not great food. The grilled octopus is great, other than that everything else is okay. We had stuffed grape leaves, which were better than most other stuffed grape leaves. Baked shepards cheese with came with a little show of a flame of brandy. Another great dish, one of our favorites behind the octopus.  Grilled eggplant and split pea spreads, which were okay. Baked shrimp with tomatoes and feta, decent shrimp, decent sauce. Probably would try another app, not a must have.  The quail appetizer, def not ideal for sharing, obviously it's a small bird, but it really wasn't that good. As for entrees we got the olive crusted salmon, which was more like a beautifully cooked salmon with an olive tapenade spread on top. Not really crusted at all, but the fish was moist and really well cooked. Also got the jumbo prawns, def a good dish, however mine were a little over cooked and after 5 mins at the table they were dry. Flavor was definitely there.  And finally crispy lambshank with tenderloin. This dish just didn't hit me like a beautifully low and slow tender osso bucco should hit.   Even after all that still had to try desert, had espresso, baklava, and a fried fritter apple type deal. Coffee was okay, but Both deserts delivered in a big way. The apple desert came with an amazing ice cream and the baklava was one of the best I've ever had. Should have just made it easier and got the baklava ice cream sandwich. Ah well next time. I will return.
Easy 5 stars. Went with my gf for a light lunch. Ordered 3 "small plates": grape leaves, meatballs, sausage and pork. Absolutely delicious. Service is excellent and he offered us a sample of two wines because we couldn't decide. Beer wasn't too special but I enjoyed trying Greek lager for the first time. Dinner looks on the pricey side but the quality of the food and environment would be well worth it.
Came here with the BF on NYE. Food was phenomenal! Apps: Octopus and some Greek sausage. Probably the best octopus I've ever eaten. We both had a fish dish for mains.   I had monkfish - he had something similar to a paella. Dessert - baklava - which was perfect.  Not overly sweet. Can't wait to go back.
We love this restaurant! The food is consistently good. The bar scene is fun and the staff is always welcoming. A great neighborhood spot!
We've been for a few times over the past couple of years and the food has improved! Service could use some effort though. Prices are reasonable. I was seated upstairs which is quiet - most patrons prefer downstairs which is lively. I requested a table by the window but those are upon request only - however they were accommodated me which I appreciated. Service though was friendly but inattentive at best. The waiter would have to be flagged down, struggled to explain the difference between drinks. The food was excellent - we particularly liked the meatballs and the salmon appetizers. My wife's monkfish and crab risotto was creamy and a flavorful. My quail was delicious with a tanginess from the fruit married well with the tender flavor of the bird, served with a vegetable stuffing on a bed of toast which had absorbed the tangy sweet flavors. I had the fig ice cream and pistachio phyllo dessert which is delicious and well presented. I am getting hungry writing this - time to hit the leftovers...
I love Greek food.. This place was packed when we arrived. We had reservations but only waited a few minutes for them to set up our table. Service was great, the server was very helpful and had good suggestions on the menu and wine. Food was tasty and not small portions, we left stuffed... but we always over order too :) Some say the portions are small, but everything my husband and I ordered was not.. we couldn't finish everything. The Eggplant appetizer was amazing. I would go back for a special occasion or when I get the craving for Greek.
Took my mother in law for her birthday along with my husband. Their food and services were both really good and not too stuffy which I had expected before the visit. While $38 fish special was a bit more than i wanted to spend on an entree, it was good. Their octopus was amazing as it should and all appetizers and entrees were tasty.  The rabbit was slighthly dry but accompanying sides were really delicious. Had a good bottle of Greek wine that was recomended by our lovely server. Will be back.
Lovely upscale Greek restaurant. This is not a Greek restaurant you go to if you're looking for a gyro. *****WARNING - the online menu is wrong! Our waitress told us they change the menu approximately every three weeks, and it is not updated online. We were extremely disappointed that we weren't going to have the spanikopita that was posted online (which had artichokes in it). In its place was spanagopita, which included asparagus (not our thing). Starter bread was pretty good, felt home cooked to me although it lacked a satisfying bready taste. The olive oil served with it was very light tasting, but a squeeze of the lemon made it tasty. I ordered the grilled Colorado lamb chops, and they were cooked perfectly. And HUGE. I thought they needed a little seasoning, but they were wonderfully cooked. I would order these again. The "orzo" with spinach and veg that I ordered as a side was the star of the meal for me. Although it was made with rice, not orzo, it was scrumptious and FULL of fresh-as-can-be spinach lightly seasoned with lemon. I don't recall seeing that dish anywhere else - but I wish I had! The restaurant is loud. Quite loud. However, it's nicely decorated, classy, and comfortable. The waitstaff was great and seemed to work well as a team. The owner was there to greet patrons at the door, and the hostess was professional as can be. BTW, I was glad I was wearing a sundress - it's more business-casual than jeans.
You will love the authentic Greek specialties at this place. The food is fresh. All the dishes are made the way Yiayia made them. Try the grilled octopus or the loukaniko sausage. Every meal must start with a Greek salad or soup. Then some traditional spreads including tzatziki, taramasalata, melintzana, and skordalia. For dinner pastichio or paidakia. You can't make a bad choice
4 Stars for good food, really good service and a trendy atmosphere that blends modern with the traditional. I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP! I asked a colleague of mine who is 100 percent Greek where I could go to get authentic Greek Food. Without hesitation he said "Axia Taverna". That's not the best part. The best part is that my colleague's name is JOHN ATHENS! YES THAT'S HIS NAME! JOHN ATHENS IS 100 GREEK AND COMES FROM ATHENS! I SWEAR I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP. (I know it sounds like the name of a porn star from the 70's but I trust his opinion on things. Greatest name ever but I Digress) So when John of Athens (as I like to call him) told me about this place I was looking forward to a 5 star Greek experience. Didn't exactly happen. While it was very good, I would called this a 4 star splurge as opposed to 5 star authentic. It is definitely not for the budget conscious or wallet conscious. It's a fancy upscale restaurant that while it serves good food and has good service, just doesn't add up to 5 stars: Here's the breakdown: Food: 4.25 stars:  The starter bread turned out to be our appetizer. It was good bread service with some Greek Olive Oil and lemon. Very good bread and very fresh Olive Oil. The lemon definitely brought out the flavor of the Olive Oil. That was good enough that we didn't need an appetizer For our entrees, I had the Swordfish Steak poached in olive oil with grilled vegetables in a tomato-caper sauce while she had the Colorado Lamb Chops. The swordfish Steak itself was very tasty and very well prepared. You could definitely taste the olive oil which had a light fragrance to the fish without overpowering it. Fish was fall-apart flaky and tender. My only complaint about the fish that it needed a little bit more seasoning. (Always salt and pepper your proteins) It cried out for either salt and pepper or sometime type of seafood spice rub to put it over the top. The Grilled vegetables that came with it were delicious. Perfect Grill marks on all the veggies plus they were not mushy as over grilled veggies often are. They were perfectly seasoned and perfectly prepared. Can't ask for better than that. The Tomato-Caper sauce that came with the dish was outstanding and for me. the best part of the entree. The subtle earthiness of the capers was balanced out well by the acidity of the tomatoes. It had a vegetable chutney taste to it. It was a vibrant sauce that really worked well and did was a sauce should do. Compliment the dish without overpowering it. I had a small bite of her Colorado Lamb chops. Were good but a little under seasoned (She likes her meat rare so I couldn't eat that much) Her Lamb Chops came with roasted Tomatoes and Roasted Garlic which were amazing on their own. She ordered a rice pilaf with Spinach and dill as her side with dinner. It was very good but did not have the orzo has the menu indicated. I liked the intense lemon that was used to sauté the spinach but felt it was a tad too much and overpowered the rice a little bit. It was a great side though. It's definitely worth getting. Service: 4 and a half stars: Service was efficient and professional. This is a wait staff that clearly knows to handle busy crowds. The owners were also very courteous and professional.  Very good service. Atmosphere:  4 stars: This place is extremely trendy and "ultra-modern".  It's the kind of place that "real housewives" of New Jersey would go to.  However this place is too classy for them to be let in. Restaurant itself is decorated in an elegant sophisticated style.   An unusual feature of this place was the wine rack that was literally on top of us as we were eating. It was a little off-putting. However I did notice that they do market their own wine which is a nice touch. Conclusion: I enjoyed this restaurant. The food was very good, the service nearly flawless and the atmosphere while very loud was trendy and classy. But the whole in my opinion isn't greater than the sum of its parts.  It came up a little short for 5 stars and for the price of our entrees and the reputation it supposedly had, I was expecting a little better. It's a nice place to go on a special occasion.  It's worth visitng.
I have now been back to Axia perhaps four more times since my initial review. It gets better every time.  Just flat out excellent.  I love it. Seafood or grilled meat.  Pasta or the catch of the day.  The bread is excellent.  The wine list is an adventure of unfamiliar Greek wines, and even though I'm picking at random, I've never had a bad one yet. Friendly, good service, amazing food.  Once in a while, something nice does come along in New Jersey.
This was my 3rd trip to Axia.  The first was over 3 years ago and the second was a recent wine tasting dinner which I enjoyed very much and was the catalyst for a return trip to eat from the regular menu. I like the food very much at Axia and the interior is beautiful.  Also, the menu has some interesting items which aren't very common to the area.   I wish their online menu was current with the actual menu.  Under the salads or sides there is a comment written about extra items costing $3.  I have no clue what they mean.  I didn't want to get into it at the time we were eating because it wasn't just my wife and I and because I could barely understand our elusive waitress.  Axia might need to consider printing out their daily specials. Group of us shared some melitzansalata (grilled eggplant spread), tzatziki (cucumber, garlic, dill and yogurt spread), the vlahotyri saganaki (baked shepherd's cheese flamed table side with metaxa brandy), and a cold 3 bean salad.  The saganaki was the stand out.  The table side presentation was unnecessary. The eggplant spread was delicious but overpriced at $9.  The tzatziki was excellent too.  The 3 bean salad was just okay. My main dish was scallops served with yogurt dumplings.  The dumplings were like spaetzle.  A very nice dish. Somebody else had a nice looking grilled lamb combination. Wife had the megas alexandros salad (romaine hearts * red onion * apples * walnuts * chive feta dressing).  She enjoyed it but would have preferred if they had cut the romaine hearts into smaller pieces. The standout dessert was the Baklava Ice Cream Sandwich( phyllo wafers, baklava flavored ice cream, and greek mountain honey). The yogurt cheesecake was very good too. Wife and friend order the $7 Koulourakia (assorted cookies).  4 cookies on the plate.  There were only 2 varieties.  One being the run-of-the-mill Kourabiethes (Greek Shortbread Cookies with Confectioner's Sugar).  You know, the ones you normally get for free.  The other being a very plain looking cookie. Overall, the cookies were dull. Service could use some improvement. Overall, I am a fan of Axia and look forward to returning.  I just question the value at times.
If you're looking for a sit down Greek restaurant with a nice ambiance, this is a good choice.  Made reservations in advance for a Saturday evening late dinner (8pm) and found the restaurant fairly crowded.  We were seated immediately upon arrival at the reservation time.  The service was prompt and attentive. Since we came here mostly for drinks, we ordered a few small plates: the octopus, hummus, and meatballs.  All were very good.  The octopus was very soft but not chewy.  The meatballs were flavorful but not salty.  The hummus was hummusy.  Not sure how else to describe it, but this is probably one of the better formal dining Greek restaurants in the area.  They offer a full bar with a good wine selection. I was concerned that the noise level would be overwhelming, but we were seated on the second floor which allowed us to have a conversation without having to scream over the chatter of other patrons.  Whether you're taking out some clients, parents, or even a date, this is a good place to go.
Love this place. A very interesting menu. A strong Greek influence but not gyros and kabobs. No sir. Way beyond that. The food is brilliant from flavor to presentation. Not cheap but well worth the money.
My boyfriend and I ate here for our anniversary. We were recommended by one of his friends and she was so right about the place. The octopus appetizer was phenomenal!!! The spices were perfect. I had the pan seared scallops and my boyfriend had the special - red snapper filet. They were both delicious. We paired our entrees with one of the Greek wines - Lumnos (I hope that's right). It is a sweet white wine. For dessert we had the phyllo with fig ice cream and pistachios. It was nice and light to eat. A great way to end a beautiful meal. The ambiance was modern yet intimate. We will DEFINITELY return! Thanks to our server Adam for a great experience.
Axia is an awesome restaurant that I don't visit nearly as often as I should- I guess that's the "curse" of living in an area with so many great restaurants!!  My fiancee and I are fans of tasting menus.  Since so few places in the area offer them, we often fashion tasting menus of our own, ordering several appetizers or small entrees and sharing them.  Another option is to visit a place that offers small plates, like Axia.  They offer appetizers, small plates, large plates and entrees, so however you choose to order, you'll be accommodated.   Like many Greek restaurants, they have a veg/seafood bent, but they also offer several options for carnivores.   Seating:  If like me, you're always cold, ask to be seated next to one of the fireplaces they have.  Every time I've gone, they've been very accommodating with my requests.  It's also kind of romantic. Wine:  They have a fairly extensive wine list, leaning heavily towards Greek wines.  They offer several wines by the glass, but also have many inexpensive bottles, so unless you're only going to have like one glass, probably just order a bottle. Food:  We began with the lobster and roe appetizer spread.  It was served with diced lobster meat on top and came with perfectly grilled pita triangles.  They initially only brought out 4 or 6, but don't let that mess up your spread to bread ratio, as once they saw us running low, they quickly replenished them ( I guess they wanted them to be nice and warm right off the grill).  At first I thought the spread was a little salty, but the creamy saltiness nicely complemented the smokey grilled pita.  It was kind of like a Mediterranean version of bagels and lox. Next up was the mussels, served in an ouzo, feta and tomato broth.  They were very similar to the mussels at Varka, but I thought this broth was a lot less salty and much better.  It was so good that after we finished the mussels, I tore up the pita in little pieces, dropped them into the leftover broth, and basically ate it like soup! It was that good. Onto the mixed seafood grill, which came with shrimp, calamari, scallops and was served with a mound of tabbouleh in the center.  The seafood was nicely charred, but I thought the shrimps were a little over cooked.  The tabbouleh went well with the grilled seafood. Last up was the pastichio (sp?), which was sort of like lasagna, but with tubes instead of flat noodles, and topped with a nice bechamel sauce.  The red meat sauce went well with the creamy bechamel sauce, but I wished there was more sauce in the dish! My fiancee thought it was perfect as is, so I guess YMMV. We were pretty full by then, but still wanted to get dessert, so we ordered a baklava to go. Another dessert came with fig ice cream, which sounded intriguing, so we asked for a side of that to go, as well.  The baklava was pretty dry, and the fig ice cream didn't really have a strong fig flavor- it appeared to be vanilla ice cream with pieces of diced fig mixed in.  So, dessert was the one miss.  I have eaten several other desserts here in house, and they were all delicious, so maybe it was just an off night.  Or maybe they jazz up the desserts served in the restaurant- who knows? Lasly, as you're leaving, don't forget to grab some mints in the alcove- they are ouzo flavored and sooo good!!
An absolute gem in Tenafly dining.
I've been here three times and have been extremely pleased with the food and service. I and my friends and family have gotten a very wide range of appetizers and entrees and were very happy with them. Standout dish: The grilled bronzino. Very simple, but prepared just right. Tenafly usually sucks the life out of any restaurant that dares to hang out a shingle. I really hope this place can keep busy and stay around!
Dirty stay outs from detroit love coming here to harass the Jersey bunch. We definitely love the food and cocktails at this five place.
I come to Axia for lunch their food is always good. Good ambiance. Love this place.
In Bergen County and wanted a light dinner with good wine and Axia is where I happily ended up! A very enjoyable dinner, atmosphere and service on a Sunday night in the quiet town of Tenafly.  Food was excellent: fresh, not greasy nor fatty.  Sometimes Greek food can be done cheap and quick, but definitely not at Axia.   Wine is very good.  At $9 or $10 by the glass, you get a great glass of wine.   Service is always great.  Not too much in your face, which is always nice.  Sometimes these small town restaurants go overboard, such as refilling your water cup after every sip.
Upscale Greek restaurant with nice ambiance. I've been here several times and loved it. Came last night with my husband. Greek food isn't his favorite but he left there a believer ;) The Greek salad appetizer is AMAZING. Its a "real" Greek salad (no lettuce). He got the baked chicken-took one bite and said, "wow". I had to try it for myself and it was wow worthy for sure. For dessert we had the Greek yogurt napoleon. Very good & refreshing. Kind of tart but in a good way. Staff is friendly and attentive. Definitely a hidden gem of a place! Ill be back
This place is amazing. My family and I find any excuse to come here often and we're never disappointed. Between the four of us, I've tried many of their dishes. I don't think I've found one I didn't like yet. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and often times, I'll forget I'm in Tenafly. There's a small fireplace in the front room which keeps you warm in the winter. During the warmer months, they open up the patio for outdoor dining. Nice bar separated by wine racks. For dinner, the lighting is usually dim with most of the illumination coming from the candles on the tables. When they first opened I was skeptical and didn't think their menu sounded worthwhile. However, after hearing rave reviews from my parents I quickly changed my mind. Their fish is extremely fresh and well cooked. Vegetables are tender and most large plates have exquisite sauces. A lot of their dishes have garlic or onion in them so be sure to grab the ouzo flavored mints on the way out! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone in the area! A truly great find!
Axia is a personal favorite.  While there is extensive seating, the atmosphere is decidedly intimate.  Tenafly has long deserved a high-end restaurant where one can walk in either in a suit or a golf shirt and not feel out of place. The front patio opens in the summer to offer outdoor seating and an open feeling, while the fireplace serves as a warming centerpiece in winter months. The bar is small with a few seats and a tiny tv or this would be the ideal after-work bar.  The selection of drinks is outstanding with a deep wine menu and an impressive list of bourbons that makes this Manhattan-drinker very happy.   The food is evocative of my grandmother's best cooking.  The octopus that draws compliments from other Yelpers is consistently good.  It is imaginative without deviating from the taste a Greek expects.  The dips are great without alienating the American palate. I recommend the Grilled Platters, they are rustic, tasty and diverse (I love the Prawns).   Axia is a great addition to Bergen County and arguably one of the best restaurants in northern Jersey.
This is a really special Greek restaurant, really interesting dishes. The lamb tenderloin over lamb shanks was absolutely delicious, the fresh grilled snapper was nicely fileted and seasoned perfectly with oregano, the scallop and shrimp risotto was very tasty, the eggplant appetizer was really good and so was the pistachio phyllo with fig ice cream. Dandelion greens were okay. If I lived near this restaurant I'd want to go often to  try everything!
The food was delicious, and the servers very friendly. The restaurant was upscale, but the prices were not overwhelmingly high. Certainly, the caliber of food justified the price. There is also a thorough menu of scotches and wines.
The octopus appetizer was very good. I enjoyed the salmon dish I had, as you could taste the greek olives in it. The atmosphere was great, and they had pillows to help in the case you had a food coma. I plan to visit again.
Fantastic meal and outstanding entertainment. I had the three bean salad and the pork tenderloin and was blown away. I eat out all the time and I have to put this place in my top 5 list. To top off the great meal I was able to enjoy the great music of Vinny Valentino. An evening I won't forget.  It's a shame my wife Jan was not with me to enjoy it, but I am certain we will get back soon. If your close make the visit
My first impression is that this was going to be a really upscale Greek restaurant.  It is upscale but classy upscale.  The food was great.  The wait staff were friendly and they were very attentive.  Would go again.
I've been waiting to review Axia because I think deep down I wanted to keep testing myself if I really loved the restaurant as much as I did the first, second, and third time I've dined there.  The answer is YES.  Love this restaurant for the food, service, and the ambiance.  Quick FYI - they're renovating the upstairs.  Currently I think it seats 25-30 people + open to public diners, but can also be reserved privately.  I believe I was told they are expanding it to fit upto 60 guests. Top reasons I love Axia (in random order): 1) Food is perfect + the same everytime, as in, there's no variance depending on time of day or day of the week.  This is hard to find (in my opinion) 2) Sautéed Shrimp Over Saffron Orzo.  Omg I love this dish + can't get sick of it (I believe it may only be a lunch dish). 3) Prix Fixe Lunch for $20... awesome deal and VERY filling. 4) Zucchini Chips are delicious... not too oily, you actually get a little crisp (unlike other places it's soggy), nicely seasoned 5) The Melitzanosalata happily surprised me + it's definitely my fave amongst their homemade spreads/hummus. 6) Easy to park, no fuss with ample street parking 7) The owner is involved - answers the telephone, keeps an eye on things, etc. 8) Staff is always very nice + promps; they keep an eye on your table very closely, always making sure water glasses are filled etc. 9) The ambiance is cool with one wall entirely glass.  Even though you're in the middle of Bergen County vs. a trendy NYC restaurant, you're still able to get that "cool vibe" in this restaurant PLUS quality food. You can't go wrong with Axia.  You really can't.  Good for a date, catching up with a friend, or a special occasion.  I'll definitely keep coming back.
We were here a few months ago and liked it. Came again for an anniversary. We were pleasantly surprised that the food has improved, everything was delicious! I had the monkfish risotto and it was so flavorful! My husband loved his quail as well. I would give it 5 stars, but service was a bit lacking. Overall, highly recommend. We will definitely be going back soon.
