This is our go-to "Pizza Place" in Yonkers, hands down!  We have never been disappointed; neither by the outstanding, fresh, homemade, food, touched by old family recipes! Ron has the best custom made salad for me, and always knows how to make it to perfection: the tomato salad with more cukes than tomato, added roasted red peppers and fresh mozz, PLUS, I personally watched him make homemade croutons for it this evening! The pizza is also so fresh and yummy, and my boyfriend really likes the chicken rolls. So close to the beautiful waterfront, and has outdoor sidewalk seating on nice days! Delivery is prompt, and courteous.
We had a great lunch of pasta, salad, and pizza rolls today. The food was really tasty and satisfying. But most of all, the staff people were super warm and attentive. We sat outside--there's a very pleassant patio outside with tables and chairs and a nice view of downtown Yonkers. The location is great: it's right by the MetroNorth train station for Yonkers, Getty Square, and Van der Donck Park. But it's tucked away in a little corner, so it's easy to miss. I'm definitely coming back in the future.
Love this local pizza PLACE. It's inconvenient thAt there are only street metered parking
The pizza is great here love the thin crust and the staff is very friendly.The one thing I don't like it really looks like they use frozen precooked chicken for there salads.And they charge for a side of sauce for your chicken roll.But overall the place is great and the pizza guy is really great.They also have great lunch specials.
The pizza is good pizza although the prices are a little steep. I'm very happy they have a new lunch menu making things more affordable though!! Now I get to enjoy the pizza and not break my bank.
Yelper Ben Y. and I were premiering our short film at the Yonkers Film Festival when hunger struck. We left the festival and scoured Yonkers for something to eat. We found The Pizza Place and immediately went in since we've heard a bunch of great things about it. We were greeted by a super friendly chef and amazing decor. We ordered some Grandma's pizza slices and a pepperoni roll to share. We sat by the window and took in the Yonkers aura and adorable decor of the Pizza Place. The owner/chef came over to ask if we were sharing the pizza roll, and we told him we were. Minutes later he delivered our slices and halved pepperoni roll on cool pizza pans. He even gave us two sauces, one for each of us. He went the extra mile to make us feel welcome and enjoy his wonderful, delicious food. When we paid for our meal, he was so grateful for our business. He thanked us for coming and asked us how we had heard of the place. We told him we've heard great things and that we see it from the Metro North when we commute home from NYC, both of which he was thrilled to hear. What a great place!
As I prepare to move away from Yonkers, I have to admit that the Pizza Place will be one of the things I miss most about living in this area. While the pizza is really good (I'm particularly fond of the New York "Original") I was pleasantly surprised to find that they make some great pasta dishes as well. I will sorely miss their baked ziti. Oh, and their cannoli too! Way better than Domino's or Papa John's, particularly if you happen to live in one of the locations where they deliver. Even if they don't deliver to your location, do yourself a favor and order something for takeout - call ahead, because everything is fresh, so it takes some time to prepare your order when they're busy. The owner is friendly and takes his business very seriously. Downtown Yonkers could use more places like this!
This place it GREAT.  Whether you're getting a whole pie ($17-25) or just a gigantic slice to-go ($2.75-3.75) their pizza is amazing.  I went for the first time after seeing the reviews on Yelp and was not disappointed.  The owner and staff are really nice and when I requested a few alterations to one of their menu options they said, "if you can think it we can make it".  I can't wait to go there this summer for live music. I highly recommend the Sicilian or the Chicken Scarpariello.
The best pizza around if you like thin crust It's a little more expensive then your average pizza place but its worth it.
Awesome handmade pizza is the bread and butter of this cozy, neat little pizza cafe in North Yonkers but the exuberance and friendliness of the staff is what will really have us returning many more times. The owner is smiling and friendly, eager to have you try slices he knows you haven't sampled yet or when a new face pops in. Pizza is consistently fresh tasting and the dining room is decorated in fresco style to resemble the narrow cobblestoned street in an old Sicilian town. The dining room is open and large accommodating large numbers of people comfortable, even on the weekly (Thursdays I think) Jazz night when the management offers free live Jazz music. The cafe is also just a few steps away from Yonkers' revitalized and beautiful riverwalk overlooking the Hudson River and the Jersey Palisades. Nothing fancy but I love this place which is great for a quaint family night out or cozy simple date night.
Excellent pizza, salads, and entrees. My favorite is the baked ziti pizza and grandmas pizza.
Wish I could give this restaurant 10 stars. You will be hard pressed to find better service anywhere! The food is fresh and delicious and tastes even better because it is made and served with love by the owner. We had a lovely meal, conversation with Ron and an overall great experience.  I also have to mention that the restaurant was the cleanest pizzeria I have ever been to and the ladies room was immaculate.  Can say enough positives about The Pizza Place! We ordered: Plain slices, the Grandpa marinara slice, Rigatoni tomato sauce ( to die for) some salad and a fancy sorbet desert served in a coconut shell.  Everything was great!
Awesome pizza but high priced.  Still we typically get our pie here.
New fav. Love the super thin crust.
The best damn grilled chicken salad you can eat. Its so unbelievably fresh!!! Their slice of pizza is excellent as well!  Get the low calorie balsamic dressing.
Love The Pizza Place! Always delicious, always super fresh! My fav is "Grandma's Pizza" definitely check this out. All in all an EXCELLENT Pizza Place!
Very good pizza but really let's get with the 21st century!  No credit cards!  Stop being cheap and pay the credit card fees!
The pizza is good and the decor is beautiful. It is a little pricey for a corner pizza joint though.
So I finally had the pizza.  It was really good.  Nice thin crust, not too greasy.  A 2 topping pie cost $19.50, not awful, not a bargain either, but very, very good.
Really great pizza! Just around the corner from Yonkers Metro North, got an Italian Ice & soda too. Not sure how much I spent the pizza was soo good, cheese dripping everywhere!
Had the zitti pizza greatness on a plate! Owner is friendly and a yankee fan so extra cool points lol overall a great place gonna become a regular here.
Pricey, but a good eat. Setting is really nice, well put together. If you don't mind coming out a pocket a little extra then this is worth it.
My fiancé and I just ate here for the first time. Pizza was amazing.Thin crust and the sauce had a very distinct taste to it. Awesome!! I also had the garlic knots with marinara sauce. Also, a great bite.The owner Ron greeted and served us I felt like was in his house. He was very warm and  friendly. I definetly will recommend this place.
My family loves this pizza place! Throw in an Italian ice and a walk on the water, and you have paradise. Best Pizza in Yonkers if you like thin crust, good sandwich options also
One of our absolute favorite pizza places.  When you visit, ask owner Ron about the ingredients he uses for his pizzas...who knew the brand of ingredients could make such a difference.  Before Ron went into the business, he visited hundreds of pizza places, sampling everywhere he went, looking for the perfect pizza.  Well, he sure did his homework.  Every bite is mouth-wateringly delicious.  He also offers Italian dishes other than pizza but the pizza is so good that's what we eat every time we go.  There's also have live jazz on Mondays and Thursdays, very popular with the local crowd.
Reaally great meal. Can't say enough good things about all the different things we had for dinner! The decor is warm and inviting, the owner is super friendly and the food is great!
Amazing thin crust pizza! Recipe has been consistent for the past three years I've been going. $2.75 for a regular slice. Cash only, but worth it. Gelato is pretty good too. Wish they delivered past walking distance areas since parking can be a bit of a hassle.
As good as Italy! Absolutely fantastic! Fresh ingredients, mouthwatering taste and wonderful, friendly service. The owner, Ron is not only a great guy and consummate  pizza chef, but a classically trained pianist as well, who supports the local music community with live jazz performances at the restaurant. It doesn't get any better!
