Damn they make a good steak! These people put jerk steak on the map, its the only thing I ever order, and its huge!
I've been here a few times and it doesn't disappoint.  The outside is deceiving - but once you enter this "hut" you will have escaped into an authentic Caribbean oasis.  Inside, the music is on point, the drinks are strong, and the food is delish.  The shrimp, fish, and jerk chicken are all amazing.
Absolutely a hidden gem in this neighborhood. In a non descript storefront you'll find some great Jamaican food. Basic decor and ambiance but the you come here for the food. Great jerk seasoning on the shrimp appetizer you just want to lick your fingers and lick off all the juices on the shrimp. If you come here though you must order the Jerk steak. Great price on a large rib-eye steak that will gladly fill ones stomach. Generous portion at this great price. The jerk seasoning basted well with the steak and the steak was tender and flavorful. Comes with a side of rice and peas and a salad. You know it's good when afterwards you look down and all you see is a blank plate, no sauce, no gristle, nadda. Yum. Wonderful friendly service that made the dinner enjoyable and fun.
Rudest staff.  Food is not authentic.  Jerk steak is good.  Rasta pasta used to be good.  The blonde girl - wow, talk about rude!  All the servers lack training and act like they are can't be bothered to do assist you (especially the girls, can't accurately classify them as women).  Dangerous neighborhood - know someone who was mugged at gunpoint outside.  Be careful.  Please hire an entirely new and professional team. NIGEL TAKE NOTE: Went back to Ripe on January 5th for a nice evening with a date.  A short while after being there, a large group of loud street type youngsters came in and pushed tables together in the bar area and proceeded to be loud and disturbing.  I was surprised because that crowd belonged across the street.  Then the blond waitress who others on Yelp also complained about went over and spoke to them.  They were evidently her friends.  My date suggested that we leave because, well, we didnt plan to spend the evening around a bunch of loud thuggish youth.  Take Note!! Your place is going way down and the type of workers that you are hiring are attracting the wrong crowd and driving away the good crowd.
Overall great experience and food I was visiting a friend in the area and we decided to check this place out based on the reviews.  Ripe went beyond my expectations.  This small dining room with dim lighting, gave a cool caribbean vibe.  We ordered two appertizers (plantain boat and the shrimp).  Amazing!!  Our entrees included the famous rib eye steak and the curry goat.  Amazing!! Two cocktails (my was the sexy mother f*#@@#.!) Amazing!!!! Our server Donna guided or decision and we were not disappointed! Now if I can only get those tasty dishes, ambiance and vibe in my home town, I would be so lucky!  :) Check this place out!!!! I would highly recommended Ripe!!
Wow...awesome food! They put a spin on the Caribbean cuisine which makes them stand out above the rest. The jerk steak!!! The codfish spring roll! Wow the banana boat!!! A must visit if you are in the NYC/Westchester area. Ok...the ambience in this place is awesome. Nice relaxation and the outdoor!  This is definitely a gem in Mt. Vernon.
The food is plate lickin' good (although I'd never do that in public) & the drinks are strong but tasty. I alway get the big ass jerk ribeye steak but I could eat a whole plate just of the rice & peas by itself. The down side is that the location is hood which made my husband & I are a little leery about parking our car on the surrounding streets. The servers can also be very unattentive & on CPT so you might want to know what you want before you arrive.
Excellent food! Jerk  chicken is delicious! Fish escovitch , rasta pasta, you can't go wrong! Can't go there without trying their rum punch! BTW this restaurant was on Throwdown with iron chef Bobby Flay for their jerk steak. I think Ripes won the challenge, but don't quote me on that!
I don't even know where to begin this review. Do I start with how good the drinks were? Do I start with how unreal the food was? Or do I start with how nice absolutely everyone was, from the employees to the patrons. This place is a little piece of Jamaica right in Mt. Vernon. We tried three of their drinks. Our favorite was the "sexy mother f#@&er." These drinks will put you in your place, they are quiet song and really good. To eat we started with the cod fish rolls and plantain boat. Excellent choices. Our meals were the curry goat and the jerk chicken. They were absolutely delicious. This place has a great vibe and everyone is so welcoming. They have an outside part that we were told that we have to come back when it's open because it's a great time. There's live music and dancing I hear there. I will most definitely be back for that!!!!
I heard about Ripe from a coworker and ordered a half jerk chicken with rice n peas, the island shrimp and the Cod fritters to go.  I wanted to try roti but they did not have any the night I went. I Plugged the address into GPS and did not have much trouble finding the place. As soon as you park and get out of the car, a wonderfully appetizing jerk smell fills the air. The staff is friendly and efficient  and I picked up my food and was back in my car in a minute or two. The bar area in the front was full, as was the restaurant tables in the back. It has the vibe of a nice local bar. The shrimp and the cod fritters were flavorful and delicious, as was the jerk chicken (moist with a nice burn). All three dishes came to $29 and I feel like I got good value for the cost. I can't wait to come back and try the steak next.
I was in money earning Mt. Vernon visiting my cousin and I knew that there was no way I was leaving with out visiting Ripe.  I had never been to Ripe before, but I saw it on an episode of Throw down on the food network and I made a mental bookmark to visit this place.   We driven past Ripe a few times before we were able to find it.  The building is not what I was expecting.  There are no lighted signs denoting the restaurant.  It was a Saturday night and they were packed to capacity.  The front of the building has a small bar, which seemed cool and had a nice vibe.  The dinning room is located in the second half of the building.  I called ahead of time to place my order for takeout, but I have to admit the glasses of rum punch were looking tasty.  Of course, I ordered the famous jerk rib eye steak.  The steak comes with a small salad and an option of ordering rice and peas or French fries.  I had to go with the rice and peas.  The steak is huge!  The jerk seasoning is right on point.  I loved the Beni sauce.  It had a nice cilantro taste and nice kick of heat.  I ordered my steak medium well and it was cooked to perfection with the right amount of pink in the center.  The rice and peas were very good.  I could also taste the slight flavor of the coconut in my rice and peas, which I loved.   The menu is not extensive.  They stick to what they know and they cook it well.  If I lived closer, I would frequent Ripe on a weekly basis.
This is my go to spot once a month with my good friend. Food is so yummy! Service can be a little slow but if you are not in a rush i suggest you turn into Jamaica mode and force yourself to be on island time.... and just relax mon! The drinks are really good and they have a nice happy hour each night until 7pm I believe.   From the outside it appears a little sketchy and hole in the wallish but don't fret. I am probably the pickiest eaters you'd meet and i have no problem eating here.  (although a little face lift wouldn't hurt... just saying) I have had the jerk chicken - Win! Jerk steak - SUPER WIN! Rasta Pasta - WIN! Curry Shrimp - WIN! Stewed fish - Slap your mama WIN! The menu is not really large but what they do have...you'll love! BTW they have a larger menu on the weekends!
The place is wonderful , eat pasta chicken was great but the fish was the best , all special very good place will be back
Still good, food is still amazing, if I ever stand on death row I want their Rasta Pasta as my last meal. I notice we were ignored at the entrance initially, but when we were taken care of, the waitress was wonderful. It was my birthday and she gave me a free slice of tiramisu. I can't remember her name unfortunately, I want to say Tangerine but I know that isn't right. Anyways, just wanted to thank her for her hospitality.
This review is from my 7 year old daughter.  Good rice,Good apples, whats not to like.Apples are healthy but, they have peanut butter.
Very authentic and delicious Jamaican food. The ambiance is very laid back and relaxed with flavorful reggae songs being played lightly in the background as candles light up the restaurant. The outside of the place looks like a hole in the wall, but the inside is neat, clean and really well decorated and the waiters are extremely friendly. It's best to start with the Jerk Chicken quesadillas, which is an exotic blend of Mexican and Jamaican cuisine. Be sure to quench your thirst with a house punch, it will definitely leave an impact on you. For the main course, you can't go wrong with the Jerk Chicken with rice and peas and toast. The Jerk Chicken is cooked to perfection and seasoned well with jerk spices and marinated to the bone. You won't have room for dessert after eating your main course, so don't  even attempt it. Definitely a must go place if your ever in the Westchester area. Prices are reasonable as well.
Im from CT and I have been to Ripe a 100 times with my friends, family and sometimes even alone and I plan to continue going back.  A little crowded at times, but that shows how much people love this place. I have had about everything on the menu and EVERYTHING IS AMAZING and the drinks! Check out my recent restaurant review on Ripe: thedinherclub.blogspot.c…
I love their food. It's located in a not so nice area but inside is presentable. I gave it four stars because it's small and the service isn't all that.
Had the "Big-Ass" Jerk Rib Eye Steak. I thought it was good, and although I do like Jamaican jerk food, I don't think the combination of steak and jerk went along well. The place is nice and dark, but it is in a very crappy neighborhood. The service was better than I expected. I'd definitely go back to try some of their other dishes. PS-The place only accepts cash, so make sure to stop by an ATM first.
The food here is really good.  Many reviews, both amateur and professional rave about their jerk steak.  If you like red meat then definitely try this when you get a chance and you will understand why. As stated on it's web site: A 16 oz rib-eye monster, marinated in Signature Jerk Rub, flashed on the grill,and crowned with a Chandon Beni sauce. Served with Rice & Peas or French Fries.   The steak is cooked exactly as you ordered and isn't dry.  Very juicy and very well marinated.  The Chandon Beni sauce is what makes the steak outstanding.  Much better then any steak sauce at any given steak house.  Spices and herbs are used to make a green paste.  The steak is 16 oz so it's a decent size and not expensive for the quality and size. For those avoiding red meat, the jerk chicken is nearly as good.  Nicely spiced with jerk seasoning and is moist and flavorful.   Chicken could easily be made dry and tasteless but it's not  a problem here.  You could order 1/4 of a chicken or half a chicken. I have also tried the Jamaican Beachside Style Fried Fish in the past but it's been awhile since I ate it so I can't remember exactly how to describe the way it taste but I do remember that I enjoyed it very much.  Still, if unless you have a aversion to red meat or is determined to try the fish, go for the steak or chicken and save the fish for your second or third trip there. There are ribs that appears on the menu every once in a while.  Every time I'm there it was not on the menu (although once I was paying my check when the waitress told me that they were just starting to make it for the night... ouch... just my luck).  I was told that if you look online or call them up to ask, they should be able to tell you ahead of time if they are serving it or not at the time. I had the Island Style Spicy Peppered Shrimp for a appetizer.  Excellent fresh whole shrimp used for this dish.  You could tell the shrimp was not frozen at any time.  It was slightly on the salty side and is not spicy but the seasoning is very flavorful. The place inside is dark and moody in a comfortable relaxed way.  Romantic even.  There is a full bar outside the dining room for those waiting for a seat. The neighborhood the restaurant is in.  How should I say this.  It might seem a little on the desolate side if you judge it by looks alone.  Don't judge a book by it's cover and you should be ok.  Never heard of a problem around this area.  It's certainly no Soho or Dumbo though. I know someone that drove here to eat and nearly high tailed it away when he saw the area.  He didn't and his group was happier for it after they ate here. Oh well, I'm here to rate the food only anyway and that is where this place really shines.
Was here awhile back ... the food rated bwtn above average to fingerlicious ... the decor is dark while the exterior reminded me of a salad gone bad ... Started off with peppered shrimp ... pretty good ... The jerk chicken was full of "Ripe" juices (perhaps the best I've had) ... The steak was also pretty good ... crisp and juicy wit some extra fat that reminded me of the movie "Fight Club" ... Now this can be good or bad ... I wanted to try the curry goat ... Wasn't happening ... would have been 5 stars if not for the turd like service   overall it was worth the stop just for the chicken and perhaps the Crispy Fat Steak Juice.
Good food...horrible service. I've been a loyal patron for years. As other reviews will attest, the food and down home vibe is actually quite good. But over the years I've noticed a steady decline in the quality of customer service. The bartenders are unpleasant and inexperienced - same with the wait staff. Really seems like the only requirement is to be halfway pretty. I couldn't believe they wanted $10 for cheap house vodka and cranberry in a size glass fit for my 4 year old. The wait for dinner even with a reservation is ridiculous. And there's never an apologetic tone. Once finally seated its hit or miss if you'll be waiting another 30 minutes or more for your food. This place has so much potential, but has become a real disappointment. I am a Jamaican. And I support my fellow Jamaicans. Sometimes we need to be told to tighten up the standards. A little customer service goes a long way. Maybe the owner should call Gordon Ramsay to help turn the place around. It'll bring in some publicity and give the place some much needed help.
This pace is a hidden gem. I've passed it many times thinking it to be some low class bar and lo! this is down home yet upscale representation of Jamaican cuisine. I had the curry shrimp. It was a smidge salty but paired with the fluffy white rice, evened out. He had a quarter of a jerk chicken which he raved about the smoky flavor as well as the "juicy, tender breast meat". As my mom would make...if she went to culinary school. I'll definitely be back at right not because it's close and not because it's affordable but because the food is truly 5 star. Next time we go, we'll walk so we can enjoy the amazing-sounding drinks. FYI: It's cash only and the only recommended ATM is in an apparently moody gas station  (owner shuts down the ATM randomly) across the street.
My bad Ripe sorry to take so long to post my comment! I love my Curry Shrimp and was hoping by now you would have renamed it to "My Curry Shrimp" Anyway see ya again this weekend!
I drive pass this place all the time and I finally stopped to check it out once again. What a gem in Mt Vernon. No long wait for a party of 2. The food is great. The drinks are strong. Big portions for all orders. The drinks are far from small. I had the curry goat while my girlfriend had the jerk chicken rasta pasta. They were both great. I give this place 4 stars because the service wasn't the best.
Amazing place feels like being in the Caribbean island. Ambience is excellent. Food and drinks are over the top. Sometimes a little wait but very worth it.
IM A FAN OF ANYONE WHO BEATS Bobby Flay!!! Best jerk steak ever!!! It was cooked perfectly and that jerk is outstanding!!! Really nice for a couple alittle loud but perfect to sit down have a date or enjoy company of friends. Meal was very reasonable for its quality.
Great food. If you don't mind a pretty sketch area, this place is great.  The food is solid, the wings are great,as are the drinks.  I got the featured rib eye dish which best bobby flay in the throwdown... But honestly I wasn't crazy about it.  Didn't taste like rib eye quality.  The service was pretty slow as well, considering it wasn't at all packed. I would definitely return for the wings and to try another entree.
I was so upset when I found out that in my hometown this hidden jewel was,, I was upset because this could have been my spot many moons ago. I now reside in NJ and this is my fav spot, Love the jerk steak YUMMY the atmosphere feels like you're in Jamaica, Authentic food.. WIll give more stars but limit is 5. You must experience this place
I really wanted to like this place... Although I didn't absolutely hate it . I love going out and trying new places but am completely lazy about writing reviews ... I'm making an exception here. I came here because I met the owner one late night in a local bar and he was really nice and sweet. He told me about his place and I decided to try it out a week later . Outside was a lil sketch.. But I kinda liked that. Inside it was small but nice. It was pretty empty when we went(Monday 8pm) bar was the most full . We were sat right away ... Past all the empty tables and into the back ... With just candlelight, are u trying to save on a electric bill? It seemed warm up front but was pretty cold in the back ...I kept my coat on. The server seemed uninterested but not nasty. We decided on our meals and ordered quickly cause my gf wasn't feeling it . While looking at the menu we stole a second candle so we could read ... That's how dark it was . My gf got jerk chicken ... It was ok, she wished it had more kick but I thought it was good. I ordered the big ass steak  and asked for it medium rare . It came .. Was huge .. Smelled amazing ... Looked even better...til I cut into it. I'm so not picky but it was completely rare ... Even at the ends...I didn't even venture into the middle. Still to me this wasn't a big deal ...u figure call the server over and throw it back on the grill... No Biggs right? No ... Apparently it was ...I was informed , after she looked around then looked at me as if I was crazy that it was too busy for a upcook...really? There were 3 tables ...one of which was done ... Ubsurd. I immediately asked for a box n check ...for my entire meal and she still so nothing wrong with this . I finished cooking the steak today at home .. My dog loved it... The 1 star is from him ...please get your service together
A friend brought me here to eat one night & I must say this is the BEST jerk chicken I've ever had in my life!!! I'm from Atlanta GA and nothing here compares to this food! The jerk chicken was amazing!! So tender and flavorful! Umm umm umm!! I also order a Rum Punch which I'm drunk off as we speak lol... But I must say if I'd take the time to write this review while extremely tipsy it must b damn good! Try this place!!! It gets 5 stars from me!
I prefer the jerk chicken to the jerk steak. The jerk steak is pretty fatty and not my favorite cut of beef. Service could be friendlier, but will be back. The rice they serve is good too.
I love and hate this place. The jerk rib eye is AMAZING. My fiancé and I always share this with a side of spinach. However I didn't like the curry shrimp, but I am really picky about Jamaican food. If it's not like how my family makes it, then I don't like it as much. And honestly everyone's mother cooks differently, so I won't hold this against them.  The rice and peas is slamming, thank God they use fresh thyme! It makes all the difference in the world. I really hated the plantain boat, they put some weird sweet sauce on it that taste like salad dressing. I think a chipotle aioli would work much better. The drinks are cheap and delicious and strong. I advised my date against the Bedroom Bully, the name alone suggested it's not for the faint of heart.  If you love rum this place is for you. In the summer the backyard is open. I hear the happy hour is really good. FYI Ladies I wouldn't come here with high expectations of meeting a guy. Just think of it as a good way to relax and enjoy some super good drinks. PLEASE LEAVE YOUR CHILDREN AT HOME. Now for my critiques and observations... the service is atrocious. EACH AND EVERY TIME. The girls who work here are so terrible that I've been tempted to pull them aside to talk to them. I even thought of sending the owner an email. They don't act like they want to be there. You can never seem to get their attention. I really don't understand why Jamaican restaurants have such poor customer service.  A smile would be nice. One girl looked down the entire time she waited on us. She spoke to the floor! I wanted to ask her who beat her confidence out of her, poor thing. I will say I hate having to repeatedly ask about my drink. Also I am not sure why it is so dimly lit in there. I guess if you were creeping this would be a good spot to bring your side piece. But because it's so dark the waitress never seems to see me waving my hand around like a maniac. The seats are really close so don't think of coming here for privacy, I know I enjoy eavesdropping. You've been warned.  I almost always run into someone I know or someone I know from afar, which makes it more entertaining. Which leads me to my final observation. Many women who come here on dates always look miserable. I mean it's not very fancy. So don't bust our your heels and a dress. I like that it's very laid back and in the cut. If someone was taking me here I would be excited as hell just to eat that steak and have a rum punch. (CAN YOU GUYS START TAKING CREDIT CARDS!)
I live in the Bronx, but am a foodie and love quality decor and taste!  I was really impressed with this restaurant's decor and the food was delicious.  I felt like I was in a restaurant downtown.  I didn't have to go far for a quality cuisine.  I will definitely take friends here when they are visiting from out of the borough or town.
Rasta pasta, yummmm! Wish they had more main course options for non meat eaters.
I've been twice now 2 Friday's in a row as a matter of fact, and the food is good!  1st visit my husband and I both had the "Big-Ass Jerk Rib Eye Steak" and it was prepared just as we ordered. (it takes a while, but the food is made to order and it comes to you piping HOT)   2nd visit I had the curry shrimp and my husband had the oxtails.  Again very tasty.  If I have one thing to say about the curry shrimp, it wasn't spicy enough for me but once I asked for some pepper sauce it was just right.   Drinks aren't watered down and are reasonably priced as is the food.  Ripe is alright in my book and for sure a place that I will continue to frequent!
5 stars for the taste of the food.  But -2 stars because of the stank waitress/hostess. I have been coming to this restaurant for several years. You can't go wrong with any of the dishes - entrees, desserts, appetizers, steak, chicken, or fish. I am almost NEVER one to complain about my food to the wait staff and have it sent back. HOWEVER, the jerk steak, probably the restaurant's star dish, often has LOTS of fat on it. I don't mind if there are fat deposits throughout - that's what I expect on a chunk of meat as big as the steak they serve at Ripe. But the other night, my 16 oz steak had about a 4 oz section of fat attached to it. Do NOT ask me to pay full price for a 16 oz steak if 25% of it is inedible. As the hostess told me, a lot of people complain about this. Chef, please be more conscientious about the steak you're serving. And hostess/waitress, please do not try to school me on what a ribeye is. I know what it is, and I know it's not a lean piece of meat. I have eaten it before at other restaurants, and I have NEVER EVER seen such a huge portion of fat stuck to it. I would like to continue coming back to this place. The hostess/waitress lady really needs an attitude adjustment and a lesson on good customer service.
Great restaurant. Love the atmosphere and the service. The food was also great!! I have had the jerk chicken and curry goat. They were both fantastic, effectively seasoned to the core. I would definitely go back again.
I am a certified foodie. If you are anywhere near Mount Vernon,NY go to this place! Get the Jerk steak and you will be so happy you did. It is one of the best things I've ever eaten!   The portions are generous and you will not leave hungry. The service is whatever. (What did you expect?) The neighborhood may scare some off but this place is awesome!
This place makes an amazing jerk style rib eye steak that is sure to please the most discriminating of palates. The fried fish is also executed with a deftness reserved for  high end restaurants. The drinks are always strong and tasty too. The place is small very dimly lit with music playing audibly but not annoyingly so in the background. I have to say the most  serious detraction  from this gem in Mount Vernon is the service and wait staff, which it breaks my heart to say is some of the worst, rudest unprofessional in the food game right now. Sadly, I do not think they realize just how unpolished and gruff they are. I really want to give this place more stars because the food is just that good but sadly the customer service is really just that bad. Fridays and Saturdays the place is packed and even though the kitchen isn't the fastest your food will be tasty, hopefully its a good night for the wait staff . Leave your credit cards home, this is a cash only spot.
I have been going to Ripe for over a year and while there are some draw backs, Jamaican food doesn't get much better than this unless you are actually in the islands. From the exterior Ripe looks a little sketchy...like somewhere you would go in and may not make it out. When you enter the space is small but for anyone who grew up in the islands, they can tell you that the decor is similar to what you would find in your grandmother's living room. It does not usually take long to get a table UNLESS you dare to show up on a Friday or Saturday night. Be prepared to wait and  WAIT AND WAIT!! There is also an outdoor seating area during the summer time which is pretty cool. It reminds me of  a garden with all the greenery. The service isn't the best. If you are in a rush then this is definitely not the right place to visit. The restaurant is on Jamaican time...no stress, no rush, no worries. The cocktails average $10 to $13 but they are pretty potent. They also have happy hour until 7pm. One cocktail is enough for me. You can definitely taste the J.Wray & Nephew rum. The mango mojito and rum punch are good. The sexy mother f....is my favorite as the rum isn't too overwhelming but you can still taste it. As for the bedroom bully..it is not for the faint at heart and it lives up to its name. The menu is relatively small. They make only a few item but do a great job. The jerk chicken wings are just ok for me. I spent the majority of my life in Jamaica so if the jerk doesnt have that wood smoke flavor then it does not meet my standard. The codfish roll is just delicious and so is the peppered shrimp. For entrees the best they have on the menu is the big ass jerk steak! Jerk  and steak are a marriage made in heaven...who would have thought?? They also put this green sauce on which adds to the flavor...absolutely amazing. I also like the brown stewed snapper, the rasta pasta and the pan roasted snapper. I sampled my boyfriend's  steak  quesadilla. It  was pretty good as well but I did not come to a Jamaican restaurant to have quesadillas. The rice and peas is good. You can taste the coconut and the fresh seasonings. Its shelly (Jamaican's will know what I am talking about ;) ) and just delicious. Bill: 3 diners- 3 apps, 3 entrees, 2 cocktails, 2 fruit punches- $125 so its easy on the pocket for the quality food. Overall, its my go to spot when Im craving "real" Jamaican food and I would definitely recommend it.
Here we go on my journey to Ripe... Saturday night, 8:15pm and my lantina girlfriend and I are on our way to the Deagan headed to Mount Vernon to FINALLY eat at Ripe Restaurant. We get to the ghost-like town and part around the corner. It was very dark and had a lonely feeling but we arrived at the hut-like looking restaurant to finally see who beat Bobby Flay on Throw down! We arrive and are greeted by the hostess/ waitress. She asks us to follow her to a table. We walk down the aisle and around the corner to a high top table (the last one) in the back of the place adjacent from the bathroom! WTF? There was a half used t-light that did not brighten up anything! There was also a closed down bar in the back. We looked at each other in surprise but did not want to aggravate anyone so we sat. We said to each other, this is going to be an experience so let's go with it. The waitress puts our menus on the table next to us! THANKS BEEOTCH! I'm already annoyed! She walks away and returns later to take our orders. We order 2 rum drinks (WAY too strong btw! They tasted like pure liquor and a splash of juice). She leaves with the drink and appetizer menu! Did I say I was done? NO! I get up to find her to get another menu, go back. We order trout rolls, they were ehh...and cold. We put in our order for the jerked chicken and jerked steak, rice and beans and it comes with about 10 leaves of dark lettuce. My steak was the rib-eye cut but was the bottom of the barrel because the fat was ridiculous! What a rip off! 16 oz steak my foot! More like 6 oz of meat and the other 10 oz is fat! The chicken was mostly bone. So we realized that this place has good flavor but the portions are made to look more than what you get. I want to make a suggestion to not lie on the menu and work on presentation BIG TIME! The rice and beans were ok; the lettuce was the best part of the meal. The worst part about this place is the atmosphere and the employee's. We got the feeling that we were not wanted, liked or appreciated in there. It was a horrid feeling.  I'll never return. I'll have to find another Jamaican restaurant and ask for them to make jerked steak.
Food and atmosphere are excellent! The jerk steak is a 10
Have been here 4 times, since I really miss the delicious food that I have when on vacation in Jamaica.. Ripe is a unique, and uplifting experience. Candle light and loud Reggae/Dancehall. Probably the best Jamaican food in this area. The spicy goodness is all there, and the portions (as well as the alcohol content of their famous Rum Punch) are not for the fainthearted. This is not a subtle "fine dining" experience, but it's awesome for a fun weekend night out with friends.  I think that Ripe's location keeps some white people from coming here, but rest assured that it's worth the trip for a celebratory, casual experience. Good music and friendly/laid back/welcoming staff. Owner is Jamaican, and the chef is from Trinidad. The only thing missing here is the Caribbean...
Went to this spot with a friend a few months ago. Funny enough, it's the kind of place that looks like a run-down shack,  but once you walk in, it feels like you are in a lounge in Negril. Seriously, it is easy to drive past this diamond in the rough. I have driven by Ripe for years without ever guessing that there was a restaurant inside. The drinks were tasty and strong. I enjoyed my Mojito, and my friend enjoyed her drink as well (I believe it was a Mango Mojito, if my memory serves me correctly.). We had the shrimp appetizer, which was fresh. Then we had the Backyard Jerk Chicken (the 1/2 chicken option). Overall, the chicken was flavorful but a bit dry. It also could have done to be a little bit spicier. I ate the chicken with rice and beans, which were in that cute conical shape and not just splattered all over the place on the plate. Overall, my experience at Ripe was good. Not perfect, but pretty good. The pros are the food, the drinks, and the overall atmosphere inside of the place. Also, the bill wasn't expensive. It's the kind of place where I would come in for a few drinks and not necessarily eat a meal. The cons include the area. The restaurant is in a sketchy, more isolated part of Mount Vernon. (It is close to the Mount Vernon/Bronx border.). Ripe is in an area that is in-between safety-wise. Other Ripe cons are that the place only accepts cash. No credit or debit. Another con is that the kitchen closes kind of early. My friend and I showed up close to 9pm on a Tuesday, and by the time we wanted dessert, our waitress told us that the kitchen was closed (It was almost 11pm. The kitchen closes at 10pm), but the bar was open. It was disappointing not to eat dessert there, but not surprising if you are used to eating at Westchester restaurants. Many restaurants in Westchester County close by 10pm, so we were kind of lucky to get our food when we did. It's as IRIE as it gets at RIPE! ;)
Was seated, ignored, then walked out. I won't be back anytime soon.
Very cool place, reasonable prices, festive music, strong drinks & nice atmosphere. Its a 5min cab ride if U take Metro North to Mt Vernon West. We ate on the tiki lounge patio, very cool. Their strong #mojitosKickass and the rum punch is a close 2nd. Had the curry chicken & stew peas. like Mikey, "I like it!!!". When I'm in Westchester, it's on my permanent list going fwd. Worth a visit, get a few rounds of drinks & let your belly get Full, IRIE!!! ;)))
When I go to New York to visit my family. I always must touch Ripe. The restaurant is rustic & cozy. The the pepper shrimp appetizer is good.But not as spicy as the ones I'm accustomed to in St Elizabeth. But they serve some of the better pepper shrimp I have eaten States side. The signature dish the jerk rib eye steak is cooked well, well season and a mans size portion. The brown stew snapper is a solid dish. Make sure you bring dollars, not plastic accepted here.
Awesome Jamaican food, excellent Jerk chicken, delicious tender and juicy steak, excellent curry shrimp, and the mixed drinks are strong -try the rum punch!! Laid-back service, good music playing too.
Amazingly good food! The jerk steak was flavorful and cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had the fried red snapper, delicious! It wasn't overly fried or oily. We started with the pepper shrimp (head on).  A little salty, but great flavor. The rum punch was strong and good. From pervious reviews, I expected the worst from the wait staff, but it turned out to be fine. The service was polite and efficient.  It's my new favorite spot.
Their Jerk Rib Eye Steak is in the top 3 steaks i've had in my life.  tender, juicy, with a little kick.  so money.
Ok, so my boyfriend and I are always looking to find the next best restaurant/lounge. Won't say we found it but Ripe is not far from being. Atmosphere is inviting, employees could be more friendly. Now onto the food, we both had the 'Big Ass Rib eye' after raving reviews on here, not a steak lover but I enjoyed, was well seasoned and I even liked the fat left on the edges, i thought it gave character :). Drinks are pricey $11 & up, but we got there before 8pm on a Fri and our waitress suggested we try the mojito (happy hour special $6) drinks are potent. Good food and drinks, perfect for a date night!
This is my go to spot! A whole lot of flavor forva hole in the wall!  Keep it simple ... Big ass jerk steak!!!! Yum....codfish egg rolls yummer... Plaintain boat....quesadillas! Timing is everything here ... Cash only and try to beat the dinner rush! U wont be disappointed after a wait!!!!!
I was skeptical. I'm hanging with a friend who lives not far from this place when I turn and say on a Saturday night, where are we going to eat? He immediately turns red (kinda) and begins to explain that the Bronx is not like Brooklyn and Manhattan- with lots of dine-in restaurant options. Hmmm...okay, but I'm hungry and I'd like an adult beverage to accompany my meal. I then noticed the bright light go off over his head and he says there is this one place you might like...let's head there. I arrived with low expectations that were quickly debunked. It's a small place that from the outside you may easily overlook, but once inside you'll snap your fingers a bit to the music, sit back to a rum punch and enjoy a pretty damn tasty meal. No it's not ambiance heavy, but you can sit down, be comfortable and close your eyes to forget that you ventured out of your comfort zone. I had some kind of delicious fish and to be quite honest - for all my smack talking, I'm looking forward to returning. Well done Ripe Kitchen!
I have been to Ripe at least 20 times. Their food never disappoints! The menu is very small. About 4 appetizers and about 5 entrees. I've had everything except the curry goat. My favorite is their Island Style Fried Snapper. This is the freshest fried fish I have ever had outside of the Caribean! It is seasoned perfectly and topped with pickled onions and carrots which give the fish an extra kick! I've also had the jerk chicken, curry shrimp and rasta pasta. The pasta is linguine in an alfredo type of sauce with spinach, chicken and shrimp. Excellent! On rare occasions, Ripe has specials not included on the regular menu. I always hear people rave about their specials but I never seem to go to Ripe on a day they are offered. Until yesterday! There were 3 additional entrees for the night which included oxtails, a pasta dish - but not like the rasta pasta. This was in a pesto-type sauce. And baked snapper. And a crab cake appetizer. I sampled everything except the baked fish and EVERYTHING was out of this world good! I recommend Ripe to anyone and do not be deterred by the location.
I can't believe I've taken so long to write a review for Ripe. Well here it goes!!!!!! Looks are deceiving from the outer appearance of Ripe, but once you get in you feel like you in a warmly lit Island Shanty house. The food is well seasoned and taste like Jamaican fusion....Whatever that means...:-)))) But seriously the peppered shrimp, rasta pasta and the coveted Ripe Steak all makes your mouth water. The drink are also very strong and delicious my favorite it the Pink Panty. If you are in the area or you just want to explore good food you have to try this place. You will see why the Owner beat Bobby Flay in a steak contest.  Hands down its that GOOOOOOODDDDDD!!!!!!
We had a divine meal here tonight.  The Spring Roll appetizer melts in your mouth.  Our entrees were Jerk Chicken, Big-Ass Jerk Rib Eye and a special - Oxtail & Bean Stew - all were amazing.  The Mango Mousse dessert was heavenly!  Our waitress was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant is small with a casual, funky Caribbean atmosphere.  Well worth the trip!
I first learned about Ripe after seeing Bobby flay challenge the owner/cook on his show (forgot the name) and Ripe won.  Being West Indian and tempted to see what Bobby Flay goes against, I decided to trek down to the Bronx.  First impression, this place is a hole in the wall type of place..but hey some of the best food places are as such.  In anycase, it was a good thing had we GPS because we were looking for what looked like a restaurant instead of a hut type of thing lol.  A little wary of what was to followed, I knew the steak was calling me... To get down to business, the steak, is no joke.  It's huge and I always have to take it home or give up in defeat. And it really does take like Jerk Steak, I love the green sauce that comes with it.  I always ask for extra ahead of time and to take home.  I don't think I've ever had anything that lacked taste.  As for service, I mean it's ok.  Some times the girls seem a little stand of ish, but they usually warmup.  I personally don't care, I come for the food. Just don't expect 5 star dining.  I've never went in the summer time but I heard they open the back up, not sure.  The drinks are good, they have ginger wine, red stripe and the mojitos  are good too. The cod fish is very good, the pepper shrimp is nice too but it has the shell on when served. I've also had the rasta pasta and the goat curry, all great dishes.  I can't complain about the food. The steak does have some fat on it, but for a 16oz steak and i'm NOT paying $50, I expect fat.  Defiantly a place to check out.
jerk chicken...yessssss
BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD, PERIOD!!! I've been to the Ruth Chris/Morton's/peterluger types but this rib eye is easily the best seasoned steak I've ever experienced. Just enough fat, great cut of meat and flavor to die for. Happy hour drinks are strong and flavorful and original. Jerk chicken quesadillas and spring rolls (I think it's codfish) with mango salsa and tangy dipping sauce respectfully add to already great starters. And you'll feel like you're in Jamaica if you've never been, laid back locals and calm atmosphere, smiling friendly and attentive waiting staff, all good!!!
This is definitely a neighborhood JEWEL!!!  Not fancy but the food and rum punch makes up for it... Packed on Fridays and Saturdays but in the summertime the backyard opens up... I try and go at least 2 or 3 times in the summer... JERK STEAK is AMAZING!!!
Me: 28 y/o caribbean female, well educate, into the ny restaurant scene, expert on the flavors this place serves. Lots of people say this place looks like a run down shack-- but once inside it's a different story (mind u the decor is rustic) ; any how the staff will act all surprised if u ask "is this place open? ' ; given its outer appearance. The food: well balanced flavors, well presented; not like the sloppy Jamaican cook shop. Nothing against the sloppy jam.cn cook shop but sometimes u want  a pretty plate.  The curry goat is salty but u will still finish the plate. If you've ever had jam.cn  rice and peas u know the quality can range:  it's usuallly a side dish, @ ripe it should have its own main course--flavors are well balanced, the rice not mushy/hard/overcooked/tasting like yesterday but just right. To unerstand why this rice and peas is great - U would  have had to screw up your own rice and peas, taste it from half ass Jamaican shops,  and had some really good batches your mom made.
I've come here for the second time.  I. Love. The. Steak!!! The rum punch is off da hook! The steak is cooked to perfection and extremely flavorful.  I had to take out my steak and rice and peas.   I'm in heaven!! It get packed though during the weekend.
Have 3 rum punches you won't be able to stand lol, love em I always get the rib eye rare And the shrimp are good
I'm long overdue for this review of Ripe, a few photos of a past visit reminded me it was in draft. I've been there several times in the past few years and each time I go, the meal never disappoints. By far my favorite meal to order is the Big Ass Jerk Steak. A large, juicy, perfectly grilled rib-eye topped the secret chandon beni sauce. I cannot express my love of this meal enough. The steak comes with a choice of rice & peas or French fries. Simply writing this review is making me salivate over it. But, no trip to Jamaica or Ripe for that matter is complete without an authentic Rum Punch. Ripe's rum punch arrives at your table garnished with fruit and the signature aroma of Wray & Nephew White Overproof Rum. The reason it's called punch is because of the knockout effect. When mixed correctly, a punch goes down effortlessly because of the sweetness of pineapple and orange juice, but can sneak up on you. So drink it slow. You may know the old rhyme associated with Caribbean drinks, "one of sour, two of sweet, three of strong and four of weak". Well, I don't believe there is anything at all weak in this Punch. (Keep in mind, Ripe is cash only, so hit up the ATM before your visit.)
Bit of a skeptic when I saw the location but then quickly changed my mind when I stepped inside. This is a mom and pop gem and totally worth the visit. Pros: anything red snapper Cons: waited ten mins to get our drinks (it was a Friday and I was very impatient)
I recently went to this restaurant and the food is no good. We tried the Jerk steak it was fatty veins and fat all through the meat. It was the cheapest cut of meat. Half the steak was fat and veins yuck!!!!! We also tried the Jerk chicken it was dry and no flavor. We also had the Jerk quesdillas it was a few pieces of dry chicken with cheese really who recommends places like this? Where are your taste buds? I eat out alot at some of the finest restaurants and all the restaurants in between but really bobby flay really people the food is wack!!!! If you need some great and good restaurants let me know I will definitely give you some. I will not be going back!!!!
Eat outside and get transported to Jamaica.  On top of a great outdoor space that feels like the Caribbean and serves great drinks the food just rocks.  The jerk is just incredibly authentic and tasty its a trip back to the island.  The apps, like cod stuffed spring rolls are all winners and the Cuban Boat is as sexy as they claim.  Its all good at Ripe.
This place is so cool. I never though i would find a place in mt vernon that could make me feel like im in jamaica. Jerk chicken so good. Get the mojito is by far the best mojito .
Horrible staff, good food ! Our waitress had the worst attitude as if we knew her personally . We sat outside the vibe was very nice outdoors , this was our second time it's been years but the staff seem to blah . No one says hello when you walk in , once you order no one hardly comes to check if you need anything etc . This place  can be awesome if the owner invest in customer service training  . Otherwise good food great drinks poor energy from staff ...
I had the jerk steak quesadilla that came with fries and some greens. The quesadilla was so delicious and I highly recommend it. The fries are not ordinary fries. It was crispy and seasoned well. This place has an outdoor garden with plenty of seating. I came with a party of 4 and we sat outside. The weather was in the low 80's and it was the perfect weather to sit outdoors.
This has been my second time here, and we got to sit outside. I must admit; the experience is better outside. loved the food... but you know that and the service is great, but you knew that too
Awesome! Had the stuffed plantain and rasta pasta! Ambience is great! cash only tho :-/ . Great experience tho and everyone is delightful
Hands down my FAVORITE restaurant in all of New York. I have tried the Curry Goat, Jerk Wings, and of course, their Rum Punch. I would bet money that everything on their menu is anything less than fantastic. Atmosphere is great too, no frills, it's just right.
Hidden Gem for sure!!! I have contemplated on writing a review because this is my "secret spot". As much as I don't want this place to get crowded in fear of drop in service, and waits for food, I feel obligated to review a place that is just so amazing! It a go-to-spot for me, my  best friend, and my sister for amazing drinks and delicious food. The menu is not extensive, yet It is safe to say that EVERYTHING has been perfected and is delicious (quality, not quantity). We are lucky to always be served by Kadian, who noted I always order the "Big Ass Steak". Well, because its that good! The Rasta Pasta is a close second as well. Wednesdays they serve fish tacos but only during happy hour. I would say do not miss it!! Drinks are Phenomenal! And even better that they offer happy hour Tuesdays through Fridays 5-7. Needless to say.. This makes us very happy!!:) Thursdays they have mojitos for half off. Order the Passion fruit mojito (not on the menu). They are not cheap with the alcohol, and the variety of fruity cocktails really makes you feel like your in the Caribbean. The interior looks a bit rundown and un-kept but I believe it adds to the Caribbean feel. Its a very relaxed atmosphere. Yet their outdoor seating is beautiful. So much natural vegetation and plants to decorate. After so much praise, it hurts to say this, but I believe its fairly normal, and constructive criticism. Service is a bit slow, which is hard to understand because I have never seen the place packed, but with so much good going for them, I don't find it fair to take off a star for that. Take the good with the bad. Lets just say they run on Caribbean time. No worries mon... you'll get your drinks! ;)
Went a few weeks ago with friends. I was a little nervous as the decor was a little dim but man o man the big ass steak was the best steak I have ever tasted. The drinks were great and I was very impressed. This is a cash only restaurant so bring cash. I will definitely be back for another big ass steak
Came with my bf on Sunday afternoon. It wasn't packed, we ate outside since it was a beautiful day. Service was decent. The host/waitress could be more inviting however it made up for it with the drinks! We had the pepper shrimp as an app. Spicy but good! I had the steak I wasn't too thrilled and the rice and peas was a bit richer on texture than your typical Jamaican Take out spot. If your into coconut milk! But my bf had the fish and that was fantastic! Will I go back? Hell yeah! The drinks are great! I won't say it again!! Lol
My boyfriend and I decided on a dinner date night and we were heading to one of our favorite places called Ripe. We got there and the wait was only 30 minutes. We decided to wait but the 30 minutes passed and still we were not seated. I said OK no problem lets still wait. 45 minutes passed and still we were not seated!!! Since we arrived only 3 couples had left the restaurant. I go up to the "hostess" and she tells me its going to be about 20 minutes longer. i ask how many people are in front of me she said 3! If 3 people are in front of how is it that the wait is only 20 minutes?!! At this point I'm starving and annoyed so we leave the restaurant. message to the owners Your food is great but the service sucks! Please hire more experienced hostesses or just provide them with some kind of training. They're making you lose A LOT of business.
Big ass jerk steak was fucking awesome. ...This is not a place to go if your on a diet. U will want to eat everything!!!!!...
My friend and I came here on a Saturday night for dinner.  After 7:30pm that night, reservations are no longer allowed to be made (just an fyi) but luckily it was the holiday weekend so a lot of people were away.  We were seated right away, they also have outdoor seating but there was a party going on that night so I didn't get to check it out. The meal: They have a variety of "fruity,mixed" drinks. I had the rum punch with white rum, very good.  Cocktails can go up to $13. *Appetizers     - Jerk Chicken Quesadilla: A Soft flour tortilla stuffed with jerk chicken, Pepper Jack Cheese, and Grilled Mushrooms.  Served with Mexican Sour Cream and a Tropical Mango Salsa.  Amazing!!!! And recommended!  I don't like mushrooms but you can barely taste them, full of jerk chicken.     - Strawberry Hill Codfish Spring Rolls: Asian style deep-fried rolls stuffed with Plantain, Codfish, Roasted Peppers, Caramelized Onions, and Spinach. Served with a Vidalia Onion Mustard sauce.  Also recommended!!! I can see why it's noted as a customer favorite. *Entree      - Ripe's "Big-Ass" Jerk Rib-Eye Steak: A 16 oz rib-eye monster, marinated in our Signature Jerk Rub, flashed on the grill, and crowned with a Chandon Beni sauce.  Just HUGE, it took up the whole plate.  Juicy, flavorful, cooked accurately and it was even great as a left over (from what my friend told me).      - I had the oxtail in a beef stew covered with strips of sweet plantains with a side of white rice and salad.  The meat feel off the bone and was very juicy.  Delicious!! There is Caribbean music playing lightly in the background, not to loud where you can't hear your company. Take note, IT'S CASH ONLY!! And please note, they added 15% gratuity into the bill.  She almost got away with an extra $20 tip if I didn't look closely. Service isn't the best, Very relaxed, and didn't really check on us. The neighborhood isn't that great, it's street parking only.  And the appearance of the place can come across as "divey" from the outside but the inside has a very cool Caribbean feel to it, covered in wood, sort of dark and intimate.   It's the type of place you would walk by and would not give it a look but honestly, the food is authentic and delicious.   Highly recommend!
Awesome jerk Rib Eye steak, best I ever had. Saw the chef on food networks Throw down with Bobby Flay and wanted to try it ever since. He certainly deserves all the accolades. Just excellent food, especially if you like the Caribbean flavors. Recommend it highly. Long wait times, but worth the wait.
I moved to Mount Vernon earlier this year from Brooklyn and thought Footprints had the best Caribbean food, however Ripe has proven to be a worthy challenger to the crown!  While the rasta pasta, jerk steak, jerk chicken and curried goat are above par, my favorite dish is the jerk chicken quesadilla.  The sour cream and mango salsa is an excellent compliment.  The atmosphere is great and the prices make this a 5 star establishment.  Be advised, the drinks are STRONG!
Ok, so I was told as out the "Big Ass" Jerk rib-eye... I was not disappointed. It is a hulking slab of meat, juicy with fatty bits.  The jerk seasoning is not overpowering, giving the flavor a nice, slow burn, instead of that charcoal hot that many people confuse for actual flavor. Served with a bed of green salad and rice/peas, you should be fine with just ordering that, worth the $21.95 it commands. The menu said "try to finish it...if you DARE!!!" I took that as a personal challenge, thus I devoured the whole thing like the true gavone that I am. Challenge accepted and won. Small place in the hood of Mt. Vernon, bordering on the Bronx. Quiet, and small, it reminded me of some local spots I ate at while away on vacation. Staff and servers were friendly and awesome, helpful with selections and needs. On the negative side, not much in the drink selection unless you're a burgeoning alcoholic. I heard the rum punch will knock you on your a$$, considering it is made with Jay Wray and nephew brand rum.  However, I don't drink, so I can't tell you first hand. I was a bit disappointed that I couldn't cop a ginger beer or a diet soda, but whatever. I went there for food, not beverage. I had hunger, and not a thirst. Other than that, the played reggae music. I am not a fan, but at least it wasn't the usual Bob Marley nonsense that pollutes e air of many Jamaican restaurants. Seriously, if I hear "Buffalo Soldier" one more time, I may smash something that is not mine and not feel bad about it. Worth the trip if you can make it.
