Great burgers. LOVE the different kinds of burgers you can get from the menu. I would of gave it 5 stars but the service wasn't that great. The servers would sometimes disappear from you and I wasn't the only customer who noticed that. There was another customer talking to a server about it since her server kept disappearing on her.
Good burgers, but they need to add something different to the menu as it is too similar to all the other burger places in vogue. One signature item.  Certainly a nice place to watch a football game at the bar.  Order the burger with blue cheese and caramelized onions.
The burgers are amazing!! Brunch is awesome. You can find me here on Sundays with the girls right after some yoga and biking in Van Cortland :) Andre the cook is the best and super friendly!!
One of the owners must have read my review. The take out has definitely received an upgrade which is a positive sign that they want to attract and maintain their customer base. They are now better neighbors, no more smoking on the steps etc. I give them an extra star for taking the time to make the improvements.
I've been here twice and the food was really good both times. Had a burger once and the buffalo chicken salad the other. The negative is that the service was very slow both times. I was going to give it 4 stars, but  it was also freezing both times I was there. I had to wear my coat both times. I understand it is winter but you have turn the heat up a bit. And that's coming from a guy who is typically hot everywhere. 3 stars is probably a little harsh and 3.5 would be more accurate. The food is good but the service is average and the ambience is COLD.
Such a great tasty Burger .... I ordered the cowboy again & my friend ordered the portabello Burger.  My cowboy burger never came ... this beautiful,  sweet,  nice waitress brought out my friends burger and a burger I didn't order - it had eggs on it. This beautiful adorable waitress offered to exchange my burger with what I ordered ... as she left to tell the chef of his mistake and correct it ... I decided ( I was soo hungry for their burger) to take a bite & another & another ... I told the cute n delicious looking waitress to not worry about it ... that im satisfied with what you brought me. She was soo sweet and accommodating she asked more than once if it was OK. She said "I'll bring you the cowboy" . I devoured that burger ... as I wanted to devour that sweetness of a waitress.  It was GRRREAT & the garlic fries are to fight for. If it was the midevil times ... id fight for the waitress .... did I say she was beautiful . Her waitress abilities were only over done by her looks(I loved ur tat too). If you want a great burger with great service ... go here ... I guarantee your return. Thanks again.  My only complaint is I didn't get the name of the Burger & I didn't get the waitresses  number :( Seriously I loved it again. thank you
Average burger and fries. Way to much for  average  food.
I speak the truth.  No need to listen to the naysayers posting here.  This is a good casual place and a welcome addition to the neighborhood, which can use an infusion of well-run, inviting spots to eat.   The burgers were big and juicy and flavorful, the fries hot, crisp and tasty, the Sam Adams Seasonal was fresh and in good shape (e.g. not flat).  Service was quick and efficient and friendly and the food came out really quickly.  And this was on a Friday night, at "children's hour."  It was my first time here and, my mistake, I came when the young parents bring their kids.  Yipes.  The Cheerios were flying!  But, hey, I understand, having been in that position, back in the day, when we had our youngster back in Park Slope.  So, if you've got a wee one, 5-6:30 or 7 p.m. is for you on the weekends and, if you'd care to avoid the squealing set, be so advised and adjust your arrival accordingly.   But the place was great, the owners were pitching in, and the menu was far more broad than I thought.  It ain't just burgers.   And, it's a good alternative for those who want a burger and a brew but maybe are with older parents, kids or just don't feel like being in a heavy drinking environment (e.g., screaming, yelling, cursing) in order to get their burger or ribs fix.  Which, btw, is fine for me from time to time, but not always.  Point is: We'll be back.
The burgers are really good. Went last Friday and had the pull pork sandwich which was awesome. It's a cool spot and staff are very nice.
I wanted this place to be good but it disappointed. The onion rings were over fried and mushy, my husband's sandwich was well...whatevs. Granted, we didn't have burgers but a steak sandwich shouldn't be such a departure but... However, our server, John, outstanding! Above and beyond, good energy and aiming to please. I'll go back for drinks but that may be all.
We had the Pineapple Burger with Sweet Potato Fries and the Quesadilla which were both on point. Best burger I have had in a while actually. The sangria was good and so was the Baily's Egg Cream. The area of the Bronx isn't bad at all it's right off the Henry Hudson and there is parking right in front on a well lit street. I found the service a little lackluster hence only 4 stars. Otherwise a great place for a burger.
Great burgers, excellent wings and quesadillas.  Fab atmosphere, too. Friendly staff, family friendly.  Good tunes on the box, and the right sports on TV.  What's not to like?  We'll definitely be telling friends about it.
We were initially turned off by the bar scene style walking in you're greeted by darkness and blasting music but we were quickly seated by the VERY attentive staff. They sat us away from the loud music under the t.v. which worked out well (we could hear each other speak). We were the youngest people there (we're in our early to mid 20s) everyone else was middle-aged or much older. Oddly enough the burgers weren't the focal point on the menu but they were very delicious and VERY large. They were a much needed change from the ever-popular smashed patty style burgers we're tired of seeing everywhere. The onion rings were quite tasty (I don't normally like onion rings) and fresh as were the fries. We decided to pig out and asked for the dessert menu and we took a chance and ordered the banana chimichanga (no idea what to expect) but it was actually very good! Flaky shell with sugar and cinnamon, fresh tasting banana inside, ice-cream on the side, whipped cream and berries too, yum :) It seems to be kind of in the middle of nowhere but it was worth the trip, would recommend.
I have been to the Bronx Burger House twice now, and both times, I was really pleased with the experience.  The ambience is great, and the staff very friendly.  The last time I came, I was with a large group, and everyone was quite pleased with their burgers.  I think the meat is really fresh and tasty, and cooked to perfection.  The buns are robust and nicely crisped.  I think the veggie burger is particularly outstanding .. a a toasted burger full of lentils and corn.  Finally, the beer selection is not the Bronx Ale House, but between both visits, they have served Ithaca, Lagunitas, and Dog Fish Head, all on draft, and all excellent beers.  I will be back!
This restaurant is an excellent addition to North Riverdale and otherwise desolate Mosholu Avenue.  It features a lively, friendly atmosphere; courteous, prompt service; and good food at reasonable prices.  The pear salad is in fact a steal, as is the pony burger, which fills up the children.  Though I am not a beer oficionado, I noticed an ample beer selection, with plenty of exotic names befitting microbreweries.  On the weekends if not during the week too, the place is open, I understand, till 4 a.m.  The former Park Place has been more than fully replaced.
Wanted to check out this new burger joint, as I am a self proclaimed not so much a burger lover. Ambiance was great and the burger meat was very good, cooked medium rare. The issue for me was the bun which was mushy after a bite or 2 of my burger. For a high end burger joint I would have figured the bun would work with the burger. Loved the coleslaw but they sever about 4 forks of it in a plastic cup, would have figured for the cost of cabbage (and the burger) they might want to spring for a larger serving. This joint missed the mark for me with food, although nice beer selection and bar area.
I ordered the fish & chips and the batter was raw on the fish. The fountain coke was also disgusting. The table next to us also complained about their meals.
Juicy burgers, great service, great place for lunch after round of golf at Van Cortlandt
My first time there and yeah i,m a fan! Great atmosphere and cozy and the staff was friendly and attentive.My girlfriend and i ,ordered nachos for appetizer and it was good and plated nice with all the fixings, plus more than enough for us to finish it.I ordered the 'spencer burger',and again nice presentation and the burger was a good size and tasty. the fries were seasoned perfect.My girlfriend ordered the fried chicken and it tasted good with the seasoned batter.Great local burger joint,good installment of a resturant in the area.Two orders,appetizer plus three drinks,i think the price was reasonable and worth it!
The best burger place in NYC! Great burgers and great beer. Good setting and friendly staff.
BEST BURGER I have ever had!!! Delish!!!!  Staff was very friendly !!! Full bar, lots of different beers on tap !!! A must try If you are in or near the Bronx!!!
What can I say, the burgers are pretty great here.  I usually call in my order before I pick it up because they do not deliver.  I wish they did because they have quality food  for a great price.
I'm not sure why this place gets such a bad rep on Yelp.  I've been to Bronx Burger over 5 times and never had a bad meal.  This is a pub, not a 5 star restaurant, so therefore it's best to get pub food.  I've had most of the menu items and the burgers are EXCELLENT...yes they are more pricey than Bronx Ale which has good food so I'm not knocking Bronx Ale (but Bronx ale doesn't have grass fed burgers with freshly ground meat in house and a artisan bun) sometimes quality is worth the price and personally I like to know that my meat is sourced well, also I've never had a burger that wasn't cooked perfectly.  I like almost raw burgers (really rare) and I have gotten my burger that way every time.  My BF loves medium rare, also perfect every time and my father medium...again perfect, that's really hard to accomplish!  Pipers kilt???  Have you ever seen the bathrooms in there?  If so (and take this from me as I'm in hospitality) you can pretty much detect the lack of cleanliness in that kitchen from looking at the condition of the bathroom!  I wouldn't eat there if paid a million dollars.   They have a good selection of beer and much better wine than most pubs.   Other entrees that I've tried - most are quite good, fajitas and meatloaf and mac and cheese are AMAZING!!!  Fish and chips not so much (too greasy).  Grilled salmon is average but again this is a pub so why get grilled salmon! Appetizers is where it gets interesting - while the wings, calamari and potato skins (though I wish there were more than 4 skins for $8.95) are delicious, the poppers fall short as do the fried wontons and nachos (the nachos actually had cold cheese on them (glad it wasn't processed cheese but should've been melted a little more). All in all for pub food this is a winner.
I discovered this gem of burger restaurant in North Riverdale and had very high expectations. The place appears to be a converted home into a cool pub with lots of flatscreen tvs at the bar area and a cozy restaurant inside that serves a really cool selection of extraordinary burgers...This is where my review is a little cautionary...the burgers itself were top notch and that is worth a return visit but unfortunately the service was lacking...Our waitress must have been serving 10 tables alone and they appeared to be understaffed..it just took great lengths of time to place an order and get the food served...On top of it our food was served cold---NOT GOOD -we did send it back and they improved but please either someone in the kitchen or waitress was sleeping on the job for this to happen...I hope the owners read this because I very much want this little place to succeed - and I hope there is improvement on this..Again the burgers alone were excellent.
Good food and drinks courteous service...but slow kitchen and loud music blasting all,over the place. Not good for business or intimate conversation.
I walked by and picked up "to go" last night so my review is solely on the burgers we ordered. My wife had the Hawaiian & I had the Cowboy. First i cant stand ordering med and getting well. This happens a lot. They cooked it just right. Second, taste was awesome. That chepotle sauce kicked up but not to much. The plus was they let you substitute onion rings or sweet potato fries for the normal ff, and they were both crunchy. Sorry to say we will go to bronx burger insteadof our normal spot (Pipers) from now on.
Decide to try this place on New Years Eve and was surprised how quickly we were seated and served. The food and service were both good which seems to be hard to find these days. Ordered the pony bacon cheeseburger and it didn't appear smaller than the regular burger but otherwise no complaints.
We have been there several times and really love all the beers they have to offer.  The burgers are delicious and cooked as we asked.  They are not overpriced, considering a place like this in manhattan would be more expensive.  Hope this place sticks around!
We'd heard about this place from friends who really liked it and were looking forward to trying it out.  There were six of us on an early Sunday evening:  Two adults, two little kids and two more older adults, or some would say, grandparents.   The place is nice but casual and inviting.  The service was more than adequate but very friendly.  I was initially most impressed by the menu, which consists of a wide range of pub food, burgers and some good-sounding entrees. We ordered a fairly wide range...     GrandSam got the meatloaf and mashed potatoes special and it looked GREAT.  And he said it was as he finished every bit (except for the bacon which surrounded the edge of the meatloaf.)       Kids got sliders (great) and fries... thin and decent tasting but this was my biggest issue with the food.  They can definitely do much better with their fries, especially considering the importance of this staple at this joint.     My charming bride got the veggie burger - it was huge and tasty but her issue was that it didn't stay together well enough... too sloppy.  But she ate every bit.       I ordered the wild mushroom & swiss burger but then so did my step-mother-in-law, so I backed out and for some reason ordered the salmon burger special.  This was a mistake.  While the salmon burger was actually pretty good (served w/ a vat of homemade tartar on the side - really good)  the mushroom swiss burger looked GREAT.       The burgers are HUGE and clearly made fresh.  She loved it.  I'm still annoyed at her for having ordered what I got and exposing my strangeness of having to order something different.  Next time I'm not bringing her and I'm getting that dog thrown in front of me.  The salads look good too. They have a really good beer selection on tap and in bottles, so that doesn't hurt.   The kids each had a milkshake (strawberry and vanilla) and they were good. They'd have rated a 5 if not for two reasons:  1- The service took a while to really get attentive - especially as the place was virtually empty when we arrived (it filled up) though it did improve; and 2 - The fries.  They MUST get some better fries.   Overall we really dug this place and look forward to going back many times.  Great for families.
Just ate here and really enjoyed my burger.  As far as the people complaining about the price, this isn't White Castle.  Where else are you going to get a burger (with fries) of this quality for $8.95.  Plus, unlike the Ale House, I didn't have to pay $8 for a beer.
After being completely mistreated by the staff up the street , my GF and I wound up here.  What a pleasant surprise! the front of the house is more bar/restaurant and the back of the restaurant is a little more closed off to keep the noise of the bar out. The service staff was pleasant and helpful.. They seem to cover each others tables so when we needed something we could flag anyone of them down.   The salad with pear and goat cheese was enough for the two of us to share.  We each had burgers that were very tasty and cooked perfectly.   they have a lot of interesting combinations of burgers, enough to satisfy everyone's taste. Will definitely be back.
Unfortunately in Hawaii, there is no such thing as "all you can drink" Sunday brunches. Does that exist?? Yes it does in New York City! So trying this out we went to the Bronx Burger House. You can order one entree, and have unlimited drinks. What was the drink of choice? Lovely mimosas! I ordered the chuck burger as my entree, and it was delicious. Hamburger, egg, bacon, what a great sandwich. The waitresses were very attentive to us, refilling our drinks promptly. For the Sunday brunch we had great service, and arriving at 11:30am we beat the horde of people that came later. I wish we had a Bronx Burger in Hawaii! The food was delicious, and you can't beat unlimited amount of mimosas on a sunday!
Absolute atrocious service. Our group of 20 had a reservation first thing Saturday morning ... and we had only one server who was clearly overwhelmed and struggling. It's unfortunate that management did not give her the support she clearly needed. It took her nearly 30 minutes to just take our orders ... and proceeded to get nearly everything wrong. Drinks were never given after multiple requests, my food order was never put in because "the ticket machine ran out of paper" and then got my order wrong anyway so I never ate. Yes, 20 is a lot of people but we had reservations. We were there when the place opened so there were only 2 or 3 other tables ... and  two other waiters standing around most of the time. It makes sense to have one of them help out with refilling water, getting coffee etc. From the looks of the food and what my friends commented, steak & eggs were overcooked, omelettes were overdone etc. Very very bad experience.
This is our favorite burger and a beer joint. First off, parking is easy in the area. Interior has a great home style pub feel. Waitstaff is friendly and knowledgable about the MANY beers. Their beer list is creative, extensive and YUMMY!!! We always have a burger only because they are fantastic but so many things look good other than burgers. Cannot help you out with the deserts because we are always so full after their burgers. Did I mention the crispy perfect fries!  OMG! Do NOT go here on a diet night. Enjoy!!!
I love this place! Bronx Burger House is the place to be at for Sunday brunch.. $25 gets you unlimited sangrias / mimomas / beer & 1 entree.. It's so affordable & awesome... I had their Mexican burger which was amazing, I mean, how can I come to the Bronx Burger House & not have a burger! They also have other entrees to choose from... My only complaint Is they don't serve white wine sangria, just red.. But It's ok, their red wine sangria was super good & even came with green apples & oranges.. I'll be coming back to this place very soon... Service was excellent...
Been here a few times before but tis is my first review, and for good reason.  Stopped in for  brunch on a Sunday. First, we were greeted at the door by a polite clean cut handsome young man.  He asked us where we would like to seat and nicely sat us up front by he window.  Before even sitting down he was already offering us cold water.  We ordered the steak and eggs from the brunch menu, don't know if it was just me being hungry of the meat was just hat good but it was the most tenderous meat I have had in a while. The home fries were just as delicious as the meat.  Followed up with a few tasty mimosas and the afternoon was complete. The waitress, Colleen and the busboy Josh, really made us feel like home catering to all of our needs, most of the time without even asking. Definitely making this a routine on our Sundays.  Can't beat the price or the service. Colleen and Josh, you guys definitely made our day.  Thank you.
THE WORST SERVICE! Do not eat in at this place or order from them. I have done both and have been disappointed. They are a mess!
They have a pretty good burger selection so if you are going for a burger then you will probably be pleased. On one occasion I felt like something different so i had the steak fajitas which were just okay and kind of pricey. Nice local joint with a decent beer selection.
Saturday 12:30pm Well this was a pleasant surprise!  After volunteering cleaning up a wooded section in the nearby Van Cortland Park, my seven cohorts and I agreed that cow meat would be ideal as a refueling source.  We came in strong and asked for a table of 8.  Both waiters gave us the, "Holy shit!" look.  It made sense since the place looked pretty quiet before we entered. We ordered a round of burgers and asked the server if we could have them soon as we had to be back at the park in an hour.  Thankfully, they were able to accommodate especially given the varying requests in burger styles and doneness.   The burgers were loosely packed and many of them were sandwiched with a nice sweet bun that the waiter said came fresh from a local bakery.  We all agreed the burgers were pretty tasty.  They had a nice beer selection, though we couldn't sample it since we were going back out in the sun and dehydration doesn't help productivity. If you're in the area and need a burger, definitely check this out.  And if you're brave, maybe try to eat their 5 pound burger!
I asked for a medium rare  burger. Instead I get medium well to  almost well. So they make another burger. It to comes out medium well AGAIN!  Also i had to go get the waiter to get a refill. This is my first and last time coming here. Folks this place is a pass.
I've had this place bookmarked for months and my eyes used to light up every time I drove past. On the outside it just looks like the kind of place you can grab a really nice bite at. So I finally decided to check it out yesterday. The decor inside is simple but clean and looks pretty newly renovated. But as they say, looks can be deceiving and that's about where the positives ended for me. First we walk in and there is no hostess or anyone to tell us if we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated. So after a few minutes of standing by the door ignored by the staff (who we couldn't tell were staff at first because they were all wearing hoodies), we seated ourselves. Then we waited another few minutes assuming someone would bring us a menu. Nothing. So I got up & asked the bartender for some. He pointed me to a bin & told me to help myself. Okay. Our waitress, when she finally showed up, was kind of cold & distant, like she'd rather be anywhere else in the world than at work. But otherwise she did her job. The menu has a lot of options that all sound just as tasty as the next and the prices are very reasonable for a more upscale burger joint. I ordered a Cowboy burger & anticipated a flavor-fest, but was ultimately left disappointed. I don't know about you but when I order something that hypes up 101 ingredients that are supposed to add flavor, I expect flavor. But overall the burger was bland, underwhelming & dare I say generic. It was a good size though and the onion rings were pretty good. I filled up but I wasn't exactly content. It's possible I just made a bad burger choice, though my bf wasn't thrilled with his burger either. Since I wasn't wowed with my meal and this place is a little bit out of the way for me, I doubt that I'd come back.
Delicious huge burgers! I really like that you can get one in an oversized toasted English muffin! Nice variety of ways to have them, too! Good beer selection on tap, and usually decent music (depending in which bartender is working). Fries are ok, wings are big and tasty. Really nice staff, but the older bartender is pretty deaf....just sayin. They make a good cocktail  with a heavy hand, and are great for buy-backs!
This is our neighborhood place so we have come several times.  Tonight we were a party of five.  Greeted and seated right away and our drink orders (great beer selection) were served right away.  The burgers are not our favorite so H had the chicken sandwich and I had chopped salad and onion rings.  Delish!  Nice to be able to watch a key world cup game and have a decent conversation.  In other words not too noisy considering most of the bar was into the game.  Our guests did like their burgers although the four alarm was hotter than expected.  I don't quite get whether that's a good or bad thing.  We had a nice dinner at reasonable prices and look forward to our next visit.
I've been here a number of times since they've opened. It's always been an okay experience. Not necessarily good enough for me to make it a mainstay, but not bad enough to drive me away. Service has been spotty. I've been there at the bar or at the table and have had attentive service, and I've been there wondering where the hell the service was. It's definitely unlike the service at their other spots (Beccofino/Madisons). They have a better-than-average beer menu, with a good selection of bottles and a good number of taps. They have non-burgers on the menu as well, but they are not as good as the burgers. The ribs are just oven roasted or something, with barbecue sauce on it (as opposed to proper smoked barbecue). The burgers are pretty good. The last two times I had a burger here I thought that the burger, cooked medium, was done quite decently. For the burger snobs out there, they clearly considered the grind and the blend of beef they used for their burgers. They also put some good consideration into the burger styles (toppings), and importantly they let you adjust the burgers (I'll get the habanero salsa on anything they make). Overall, I've been satisfied there. Not my go-to place, but I don't feel like I'm settling by going there.
Delicious burgers.  Attentive service.  Pub-style ambiance. I recommend the onion rings.
Came here with my good friend on a Saturday night... Atmosphere:  Pretty homey- like a family style pub.   Service:  Quick and efficient.  My friend and I didn't have to want for anything. Food:  Nice!  I had the cowboy burger, which was basically a bacon cheeseburger with jalapenos on top...it was GOOOOD AS HELL!  The fries were really delicious as well, very crunchy and with the right amount of salt.  I forgot what my friend had, but she had no complaints about her food. Dranx:  Decent.  I had the cider, and it went well with the burger. Dessert options:  Meh.  Not the greatest.  We passed on it.
Good food, staff also friendly- what makes this a 2 was the obnoxious & drunk table that was causing a scene & ruining the experience for rest of the patrons. Where's the management? There were families with children in there. A table walked out shortly after they sat down,
The opposite experience from my previous visit. Prompt, courteous service- received meals within 15 minutes of ordering. Burgers were succulent and heavenly. Chuck long was generous with the bacon and cheese and did not disappoint. Cowboy was super super tasty with spicy sauce. Despite the 50/50 on hitting or missing, the hitting was so great that I would recommend trying it out.
Holy cow!!!!! This place is amazing. These burgers are the absolute best. They are huge, juicy and tastey. I had the 4 alarm burger. It had a really good amount of heat without being unbearable. My wife had a bacon cheese burger and my mother and brother had the Hawaiian burger. We were all very happy and will definitely be back. They also have a great beer selection.
I won't give it 0 stars because the place is actually nice looking. I usually do not rate anything but I felt so uncomfortable I felt I must. 1. Service is horrible- worlds worse waitress. When someone asked for beers on tap she suggested getting up and looking at the board in the bar. 2. Burgers are dry dry dry. I ordered medium I got well done.  I ordered a Hawaiian burger which sounds nice but in reality is too much bun, 1 canned pineapple slice, and gummy cheese on overlooked meat. 3. Was charged for 2 piña coladas, when I ordered one. The worst water down piña colada ever, Arizona iced tea piña colada taste better. 4. Overpriced for no reason other than location (riverdale). 5.  Your beer while arrive..... Eventually....but please don't ask for more it will annoy the waiters.
Very slow service, good burger. The 4 alarm burger delivered with the heat. It totally kicked my ass which is exactly what I want when I order something spicy. I visited BBH on a Sunday afternoon. There were 10 people total but my burger still took about 45 minutes to arrive. It seems the kitchen was understaffed but that's still not an excuse for the slow service.
My first time there was a good experience, the Cowboy burger was delicious and all the ingredients tasted fresh, decent beer menu, the server was very attentive, prices are average, the only thing they are missing is delivery service.
Bronx Burger is housed in a pretty little building in Riverdale. I enjoyed a pleasant early evening walk there with my daughter, alongside Van Cortland Park. We were ushered quickly to a nice table in a quiet corner next to the front window. I had the 4 alarm burger and fries with mozzarella sticks appetizer. Burger was cooked nicely. It had perfect combination of hearty burger flavor and 4 alarm heat. Fries were crisp and tender inside. Mozzarella sticks were good but the marinara dipping sauce was a bit thin. Beer selection was terrific, and I found the service to be attentive and very pleasant. The restaurant itself is very attractive and comfortable with lots of space between tables. It was a perfect place to enjoy conversation with my daughter over a good dinner. I was very impressed by my experience and will definitely return!
My sister has been trying to get me to try this spot for the longest time. I finally got my chance last week. I was not impressed at all. We ordered fried calamari as an app. By the time it got to the table, it was no longer warm. The calamari was not seasoned. It need salt and I had to help the flavor by drowning it in Tabasco. My flounder and shrimp entree was almost as bad as the calamari. As the waitress approached the table, the food looked golden brown and very appetizing, but that was just a head fake. There was just way too much breading and not enough seasoning. The shrimp were a nice size, but since the dish was horrible, "size" didn't matter. The fries, which arrived is a cute fry basket, were crispy and flavorful. The two guys in our party that ordered burgers were very happy. The burgers were large, moist and made to order. Made me wish I'd ordered meat instead of fish. Needless to say, although sis swears by this place, I won't be back. Take a hint from the name, Bronx Burger House, and order the burgers. Anything else will be a disappointment.
Amazing Burgers.Amazing Garlic Fries.Amazing Beer.Amazing atmosphere.Jus an overall amazing experience!..the hubby and I got drunk(few beers, few shots) and enjoyed that food.tried ta pay attention ta the game on the tv but we left super loaded!.not sure at what point we stopped paying attention.lol..waiters were reallie nice.so we left an Amazing tip on that $180 bill. :) we will most definitely be returning!.
This place is exactly what you'd expect it to be, a solid place to get a good burger and a beer. I had the Cowboy burger which had onions, jalapenos, bacon, mushrooms, cheese, and chipotle aioli on it. It was smothered in everything just right, and as I was walking out, a guy sitting a couple seats down from me at the bar asked me if it was good because he said I was smiling the entire time I was eating it. I guess that is telling of the quality of this burger. I went on a Saturday night and decided to enjoy my meal at the bar because there was a short wait for a table. The service was on point. They had a nice beer selection, bottles and drafts. I opted for a Flying Dog IPA. Having a few good IPA's on tap is a must for me when I'm out having food at a bar. The only downside of this place is that the space is a little cramped. This would also be a good place to watch football on a Sunday if there were more TV's. All they have is 3 big screens behind the bar, 2 at one end and 1 at the other end. A few more TV's scattered throughout the dining area would do this place good, but maybe that's just the sports fan in me talking. Like I said, quality place to grab a burger and beer(s), I'll be back.
I came here a few weeks ago for dinner and absolutely loved it! The burgers are great, great classic rock music playing, but the service was the best part. My server's name was Julia and she was amazing. She made sure everything was perfect and sent out quickly. She told me about all the best deals and even suggested her favorite burger, the wild mushroom burger, which was fabulous! Julia made my experience at the burger house really great and ill be sure to return just for her service!
One of the best burgers I've had. I got the Hawaiian burger and loved it! The garlic fries and sweet potato fries were great, too. Just know that they give you fries with your burger, so if you order an extra side of a certain kind of fries you'll end up with a lot (like we did). I really liked the buns, which is a weird thing to say, but they had the perfect amount of bread. I hate when you get a burger and the bun is so big that it fils you up too quickly. The buffalo wings were good, too!
My favorite place in the Bronx! Bartenders are great! Especially Mike! Servers are friendly & attentive! A vast food selection for a Burger Place. My favorite is the Ole English Burger! Well Done... Can't go wrong! 18 different burger selections including a veggie burger! Steaks,Ribs Fajita,4 different types of salads,appetizers,sandwiches makes this oasis in Riverdale the place to spend time with family and/or friends! Don't forget the vast selection of Beers to choose from! P.S. Saturday & Sunday Brunch are my favorite as well!
Good place to hang out. I love going there. I saw chill spot. And also  worker are real nice. Love the food love the penne pasta the chef great guy. Also if you want have a good time sit  by the bar Mike the bartender will take good care of you. What I mean he friendly and good hospitality is a different world if he bartend he make it home. ... definitely will make you a regular for life...  go check it out. ... Also if you sit by the table area I recommend coco as your waitress or jen... take it from me you will be coming family did I mentioned a regular. .. five star places. ..
So I went here for dinner one night, weekend night and it's really a shame to see it was pretty isolated. The nachos were SO GOOD.  It was a toss up between the fried calamari and the nachos, glad we chose the nachos.  The guac on it was delicious and the chili was YUM.   I had the Fieldston Burger with the bleu cheese.  They do not skimp on the cheese thank goodness!  It's a pretty hefty burger so I had to wrap it up since I couldn't finish it. The only negative complaint is that I sat in the corner and the vents were dripping water on my friend's head!  It was kind of gross, and it was right after we ate, but we ended up finishing out coffee on another table.  He didn't seem so happy about it.
Had higher hopes but in all the burgers are good.  Service at times a bit slow but if you are looking for a moderately priced meal the BBH is okay.  They also offer a full bar with multiple beer options. Parking is on the street and not easy to park close.
This is a new resturant to the neighborhood and I really wanted to like it, we need new additions. However  I just can't give it good reviews. My first burger came out way overcooked, the recook came out undercooked and greasy. The place was empty, and we had trouble with waitress refilling drinks. Burgers are around $10 and not worth it for the money. If your looking for a good burger the Bronx Ale House or Pipers Kilt are much better.
This place has great burgers, really fresh and juicy. It is difficult to get a burger review out of me, especially since I make a great burger myself. Usually if i don't like something i will just keep my mouth shut, you know the old saying. But their burger was so good that my wife said, "you might have some competition," then she took another bite and gave me that look like theirs might be better. The fires were those skinny micky D's type that I don't really like but they were good and there weren't any  fry bits either. The prices were very good, no burger was more than $12. They have a large beer selection with some local brews available as well. Service was good too, attentive but not annoying. They have a good menu, and we will be going back for sure.   PS the pickle was even good
Everyone and their mother knows what goes into a good burger, and with the stiff competition these days, restaurants know better to fuck up something so simple and so ubiquitous.  Tough meat? Lousy bun?  Limp fries? Well, we'll just take our chow wagon train to another meatery for our carnal pleasures.   Fortunately, the Bronx Burger House nails it. A variety of great ice cold beers was just the beginning.  The nachos topped with spicy chili meat was a tasty treat.  The mozzarella sticks were the only misstep, tasting like frozen Polly-o fingers rolled in bread crumbs.  Not that that's a bad thing, but let's just say there was nothing new about it either. But the main attraction stole the show.  There's over a dozen variations of their burgers and I chose The Fieldston Burger.  It's a half pound of certified prime burger topped with Maytag bleu cheese.  The meat was dripping, juicy, with a hot pink center (yeah, keep it out of the gutter, folks).  The melted bleu cheese imparted a salty and tangy addition.  But wanna know the secret weapon to this burger?  It was the bun.  A glazed sesame studded artisanal roll, so light and fluffy you thought you were munching on grilled meat wrapped in a buttery carb cloud. Who cares if the fries were merely warm.  If you wanna get your meat on, burger porn doesn't get any hotter or wetter than this.
The staff is really nice and the prices are on point.  The burger choices were intriguing and everything we had was great.  Hubby, my son and I came here on night and had a few burgers and fires. The atmosphere was family-friendly and the food was awesome.  I had the Lamb Burger which was sexxi as hell with its Tzatziki, my son devoured his Cowboy Burger and hubby kept it classic with the Spencer Burger.  We ordered some chili cheese fires on the side and went to town. Bronx Burger House definitely deserves repeat business.  Loved It!
This place is ehhh ok, but def not worth the price. No matter what I've ordered it's always come to me luke warm, and for the price they don't offer enough food. The atmosphere is a bit weird, its a "burger house" but with a sorta formal dining feel.   I miss the old resturant that used to be here. For a good meal that's more bang for your buck I would suggest Piper's Kilt or Bronx Ale House.
I went back... and i had a hawaiian burger which is a mouth watering patty with pineapple, bacon, mozzarella and chipotle aioli. full-on recommend it!
I liked my first dinner here and will be going back.  It is a friendly neighborhood place that seems like it should produce good food consistently since the menu is not complicated and hits the spot for burgers.   At my table, we each had different burgers.  The taste and presentation were good and they were all cooked just as requested - based on experience, this is no small accomplishment, as simple as that "should"  be.  The wait staff seemed a little green, but I did not care - the smiles, attention and friendly attitudes made everything wonderful!! As for the bar/drinks - I was a little disappointed ... they have many beers that I did not recognize and they could not describe them very well.  Any question to the waitress resulted in a shout over to the bar for a less than helpful answer from that side of the room.  Too bad - I would like to have explored the beer selection a little.  Maybe I should come sometime to sit at the bar and ask for some samples to learn on my own.  They "do" have several interesting sounding selections.  A glass of wine that I recognized as being in the $7-8 per bottle range in retail stores came to us for $10 per glass, and it wasn't a generous pour.  Not worth it!! This surprised me and now I know not to get wine here.   Overall, if you live in the northwest Bronx, the Bronx Burger House should be in your restaurant repertoire.  It will be for me!  One big question ... Why did it take SOoooo long for them to open?  The old Park Place restaurant on this site was in good condition and served good food.  It has been around 2 years since their doors have been opened ...  Welcome back!  I hope they do well!
Parking here is a bit tough. It has a nice feel to the place, great selection of beers. The menu is all different types of burgers, I got the really hot one and really enjoyed it. Everyone at my table seemed to enjoy there burger as well. We got desert, it was like a fried dough type ice cream burgers, it was DELICIOUS!!! Went back a few times, but after awhile I got tired of the same thing, no change in the menu, and no real specials.
Parking here is a bit tough. It has a nice feel to the place, great selection of beers. The menu is all different types of burgers, I got the really hot one and really enjoyed it. Everyone at my table seemed to enjoy there burger as well. We got desert, it was like a fried dough type ice cream burgers, it was DELICIOUS!!! Went back a few times, but after awhile I got tired of the same thing, no change in the menu, and no real specials.
I'm seeing a few negative service reviews, but we experienced no such issues. On our second visit, the burgers took a little longer than expected to hit our tables, especially since they came lightning fast the first time. But it was not an above average wait time, and our orders were taken promptly. I've had both the cowboy burger, which was excellent if not a little hard to eat (so many toppings!), and the lamb burger, which was even better. Both came juicy, well seasoned, and cooked to the correct doneness, which is great since so many burger joints interpret "medium" as "well done." Perfect shoestring fries, by the way, and a great selection of condiments: Cholula hot sauce as well as boring old Tabasco, and two different kinds of mustard (brown and yellow). I had a frozen margarita which was OK; didn't blow me out of the water but had more punch to it than I expected. Our server, a tall, thin and dark-haired woman whose name I forgot to ask for, was very friendly and efficient. All in all, this is a really pleasant place to have a casual meal in the Riverdale area and we will definitely be coming back.
Such a great place. My wife and I have tried a lot of the burgers and they are all good so far. My favorites are the Hawaiian Burger and the Four Alarm Burger. Each burger ordered has been cooked to order and the fries are always tasty and crispy. Have to say, the pickles are very good as well. The wait staff and very attentive and try to make your stay as enjoyable as possible, without being on top of you the whole time. I highly recommend this place.
Realllllly good burgers. Good selection! Garlic fries are to die for! Onion rings are good too! Crispy, not oily and soggy. Good beer selection, played the games on the TV's, but doesnt come off as a bar. Try the burger sandwiched between two grilled cheeses! YUM!!
The BEST burger in the area(maybe the entire Bronx), hands down!!!!!!! My issue is with take out, its has been a disaster every time. (reason for the 3stars) The fries may be shoestrings, steak, seasoned... Pickles may be spears or half of the small variety, idk what the chef or kitchen staff are thinking. Bartender seems confused and the waitresses try their best, The chef always seems to poke his head out after i order, maybe they serve regulars different. :( Besides the lack in service,  repeat visits being rewarded with unexpectedness, the burgers are Slammin', but for 30+ dollars for two perfect burgers, and a whole list of imperfections, I would rather just not stop by as often as I would like too. Next time I guess I will have to drive to Doyle's in Westchester Square or send my wife in, she is much cuter than I am.
The Piper's Kilt USED to make great burgers.  Unfortunately the last time I was there, the place had turned into a dive.   Jake's Steakhouse in Northern Riverdale makes a great burger but, it's pricey ($20). If you don't mind shelling out $20 for a burger and another $10 for a beer, sure you can go for it.   BUT, if you tell me you want to spend around $20 for a burger AND a beer, I'd send you to the Bronx Burger House. While it isn't as upscale as Jake's their burgers and selections of beers are darn good! I agree w/Lisa N. that the Fieldston Burger (blue cheese) was awesome.  Their burger with cheddar & applewood smoked bacon was delish as well.  You can tell this is freshly ground beef vs. frozen, pre-packaged hockey pucks. A few reviewers mentioned the buns, and they're right.  These are not packaged, stale, mass produced, Wonder bread type of buns that you'll get at a diner or coffee shop.  They're light and flavorful and perfect for soaking up the juicy meat.   Their fries were ok but, nothing special in my book.  Not a negative comment by any means, just that I'm not a fan of thin cut/shoestring style fries.  I didn't try the garlic fries but, since I love garlic, I might give them a shot the next time I'm there.  Would be nice if they'd let you substitute the garlic fries for the regular type, or maybe charge you an extra $1 for the garlic ones.   How many fries does a person need I ask you? And, did I mention they have an ample beer selection?  :) Down and Dirty: Best reasonably priced burger in Northern Riverdale = The Bronx Burger House. Best reasonably priced burger in Southern Riverdale = City Grill
This place is great. First time there had a burger in between 2 grill cheese sandwiches. Reasonably priced great draft selection.  Try this place.
Good staff, good drinks, good food, good value!  So why you still sitting there?   Get off your bottom and go to the BBH...NOW!!!
I wasn't impressed. THe food is mediocre and over priced. On my first and last visit, the establishment was not full and service lacked.
Second visit after a year.  Service was a problem, as it was my first time.  The burger came after 15 minutes and a second beer came in 9 minutes. Also, it's noisy. A little cloth on the walls would help. Burger was good, though.  For my taste, the bun is too thick.  The burger ought to have less competition.
Our group had a mix of appetizers (fried calamari, wontons and chicken quesadilla) and mix of burger types (Mexican, Cowboy, sliders and turkey). All the food was delicious and made with what seem to be really fresh ingredients. It's one of the few places I've been to that actually serve fresh turkey burgers not frozen patties. The beers and wines we ordered were all very good and the wine pour was generous. Our server was attentive and friendly, but not overbearing. I was really pleased especially compared to most places in the area. I can't wait to go back and try and different type of burger.
If you want to eat a hamburger, this place has really perfected them. I came here with a friend and we both ordered the Cowboy burgers.  My friend looks at me and says "this is probably within the top 3 of all of the burgers I have ever eaten."  I had to agree with him.  I don't know what they put in these burgers, but they come out tasting VERY good. Wide selection of beers and also kid friendly.  If you go with little kids, be sure to ask about kids items.  The menu does not include a childrens menu, but they can make your little one a grilled cheese sandwich or chicken fingers if you ask.  That stuff is NOT on the menu, so you have to know to ask.
