I came here for takeout and ordered the La Cirilo brick oven small pie...it was incredibly fresh, the ingredients tasted farm fresh...I will definitely be taking my hunny here on or next date...it looks very romantic and cozy!
Awesome!!
The inside has an outdoor courtyard vibe - totally cute. Two of us shared a salad (goat cheese & pear) and pizza, and it was a perfect portion. The other couple said the black pasta's portion was super-generous and tasty. I'm obligated to go to Rigoletto's or Roberto's per companion's family tradition, but will def come here for pizza. No wait at 12:45 PM on a Sat.
This was my first time at this restaurant, and I will definitely be back again. Likely this weekend. I will admit - because they don't take reservations, we had to wait about 45mins to be seated because 4 of us arrived there right around Saturday night dinner rush. The bar area was very nice and, since there were lots of people, it was a lively scene. Once we were seated, we were guided down this really charming hallway that transported us into this underground-like space that was so beautiful and unique to anything else inn the Bronx. I felt like I wasn't in NY anymore. The food was absolutely yummy. Staff was good, no complaints. Definitely recommend.
We got the pizza and the pasta in squid ink sauce, and both were wonderful. The pizza was absolute heaven, with some of the freshest mozzarella I have ever had. The service was fantastic, and I will make my way here again. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the tiramisu, which was a bit too soggy for my taste.
First time ate in Bronx. Went there for brunch today, wasn't that crowded in the Sunday afternoon. Ordered Ragu' Salernitano & Calzone Napoletano with Tiramisu and Espresso. Mezzarrela was so fresh. Home made meat ball is amazingly good. Really big portions. Everything was so tasty. REALLY TASTY. I never been to Italy but frd told the decor there is very italy. Already thinking about the next trip.
I didn't mean to come here for pizza--I meant to go to Mike's Deli for a sandwich.  But I screwed up and went to Arthur Avenue on Sunday.  Fortunately, Zero Otto Nove saved my butt!  The Diavola (basically margherita pizza with spicy soppressatta) was all I could think about the rest of the day.  It was soooo good.  Really good ingredients put together in a well-balanced way.  The atmosphere here is nice and open, despite the long walk to seating in the back.  It may not be my favorite Neapolitan pizza place, but it's finger-licking good (in a place where the waiters are dressed so nice you're afraid they may scold you for licking them).
Another amazing lunch.  We ordered a bottle of Caposaldo (pinot grigio) to kick off the meal and ended up ordering an appetizer, pizza and pasta to split between 3 people.  Pizza crust lived up to high expectations and the Rigatoni e Zucca (butternut squash puree, peas and porcini mushrooms) was excellent.  The pasta itself was fresh and sauced perfectly.  I could (and probably will) happily eat my way through their extensive menu
The food here was very good, but the way it is served is a little odd. Normally at an Italian restaurant if you order chicken you get some pasta or something with it. I ordered chicken parm and got a plate with a piece of chicken on it big enough for 2.. but that's all. There's always an option of ordering a side though. It's just helpful to know that nothing comes with it. The menu had a good selection. The staff was very nice, and the atmosphere is nice as well. I woudn't run back here, but it's definitely on my list of possible restaurants to go to.
Well balanced menu with plenty of Italian classics. We sampled pizza (tonno with olives and red onions), pasta (mezanelli with grilled vegetables and burrata) and meat (sampler of bracciola, sweet sausage and meatball) dishes and all were outstanding prepared with ultra-fresh ingredients. Ample Italian wine list, however a bit over-priced with only a handful of selections by the glass. Outstanding, professional and relaxed service from young informative waiters. This will be our future go-to place during our annual December holiday shopping on Arthur Ave.
We've eaten on Arthur Avenue before, just not here, and we had high hopes but actually found our experience and the food here rather ordinary. Napoletana pizza was fine, kinda boring. Patate Salsiccia e Provola pizza lacked spice. Risotto alla Pescatore was more a rice dish with seafood than a risotto. Decor is pleasant though the volume in the room was loud. Service was fine.
This was my first Bronx dining experience & I have to say it was phenomenal!! I was told that Arthur Ave. is the place to go for authentic Italian dining & after eating at Trattoria Zero Otto Nove I am a believer! Based on the ingredients (Butternut squash puree, smoked mozzarella, spicy pancetta & basil) I ordered the La Riccardo Pizza. I can tell you first hand that this pizza is AMAZING!!! The savory & spicy blend of flavors are mouthwatering...I am craving it right now as I write this review!!! The crust was perfection - thin & crispy . We even ordered a simple side of spaghetti with marinara & it was excellent!  I can't wait to go back & try other items on the menu!!
We went there on a Sat night...who knew what an amazing experience it would turn out to be. From the very pleasant hostesses to the attentive bartender, the wait was not a problem at all! In fact, it added to our "evening out". Walking to our table, the hallway you feel like you've left the Bronx! We started with the polenta appetizer, mmm very tasty! And the appetizer special with sausage and artichokes. Simply extraordinary! My husband got the branzino which I tasted. It was light, delicate and very delish! I opted for the pasta diavolo special in the tin foil. We could not have been happier! The pasta was so fresh tasting, and I love that perfect amount of spicy! Our server was friendly and perfectly timed - not too overbearing but never absent! The best dining experience we've had in quite some time!
I used to like this place but tonight was the last time I'll give them my business.  Went there for my daughters birthday.  My daughter is vegan so we brought our own vegan cake.   Walked in the door and the host promptly told us that there would be $3 per person plating charge for the cake.  There was five of us.  I told him he was out of his mind and turned to walk out.   My wife wanted to stay because it was late.  I reluctantly agreed.  I ordered steak pizzaiola.  I asked the waiter if it was a nice juicy steak and I showed with my fingers.  He showed me an inch with his and said its a nice steak.  The steak was a quarter of an inch thick at best, over cooked and tough.  $27, no vegetable, nothing.  We spent $200 there.  The place was empty.  Two other tables.  Maybe if they treated their customers like customers instead of  like someone they were doing a favor for they would be busier.  You got me tonight Zero Otto Nove, but it's going to cost you more in the long run.  No mas!
No BYOB, appetizer was stupendous as was the pasta but my girl got yellow snapper with clams and it came with SAND....PLEASE with no flavor whatsoever, almost looked like a soup.  I don't get it. so she got a house salad ($7) that was doused in dressing and gross.  Going back?  Doubt it but 20.000 restaurants left in NYC to chose from.  1 and done on this place!  Shoulda stuck with Flor de Mayo!
The ambiance was fantastic felt like i was in the middle of italy but went om a downhill trend from there. One of the waiters gave attitude to my girlfriend because she asked for a pepsi instead of water..i had the butternut squash soup it was to chunky almost chowder like was looking for a thinner consistancy the taste was flat as well..i had the chicken parm with pesto sauce the sauce was devine!! But the dish as a whole fell flat in flavor for dessert i had the profiteroles which tasted like they were kept in the fridge exposed for hours wasn't what i expected at all! I guess my expectations were to high from reviews....
I have been begging my friend to take me to Arthur Avenue for a year now. Today, I finally experienced it, and 089 lived up to my high expectations. We started with the meatball appetizer -- slightly spicy, tender meatballs in a rich tomato sauce, served with creamy polenta and basil. Everything on the plate melts in your mouth. We then shared the Diavola pizza (mozzarella, basil, and sopressata -- a rich, spicy sausage) and the pasta al forno. The pizza was delicious - slightly charred crust and high-quality, fresh ingredients. However, it was the pasta that stole the show. The combination of meatballs and sopressata with home-made, fresh pasta covered in warm tomato sauce and melted ricotta and mozzarella... this combination was truly special. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive, and we never had an empty water glass. When we arrived, the restaurant had just opened for lunch and was empty; when we left it was bustling but remained a pleasant, conversation-friendly atmosphere. I will definitely return here the next time I make the trek up to Arthur Avenue.
Oh my.  This is bliss.  Everything under one roof.  Good food, beautiful people.  It's like if I died and went to culinary heaven.   The smells, the tastes.  Aaaah.  I want to rent a little space in the back and live here.  I wish I lived in this neighborhood all year round.  Any time I am back in town here, I am sure to visit this spot.   Little Italy, The Bronx.  This is what it is all about.  Real authentic Italian cuisine.   No spaghetti and meatballs.  This isn't your run of the mill Italian chain eatery joints.  This is a respectable, refined mom and pop dining experience for the true food connoisseur.
Great pizza, I had one with butternut squash on it and it was amazing. Decently priced, especially for the area.
Stopped in with the family after a special church event. The decor was unique. Going down a narrow short ceiling hallway leads to the dining room where the ceiling was at least 20 feet. We passed on appetizers and went straight for main courses since we didn't have a whole lot of time. I ordered Linguini Al Nero Di Seppia with the spicy black ink. The cuttlefish was cooked nicely and pretty tender. I did find the sauce a little overpowering. They should have added a bit more pasta do the dish. Have had squid ink pasta once before which I thought was really good at Fig and Olive. The other dishes that were ordered were Risotto Alla Pescatore, Rigatoni Salernitana, and the Pollo Affumicato. Biggest complaint was that all the other entrees were salty. All of us were disappointed by the food since there were many good things written about this place on yelp.
The food was delicious.  I am going back to try some more of there specials.  The waiter was very nice and explained alot to me about the specials of the day.  I can't wait to go back.
Classy and on point, good bread good wine and keeps Arthur ave alive! Enjoy
Delicious food - we ordered three dishes to share: 1) the squash, smoked mozerella, and basil pizza, 2) the porcini pasta and 3) the meatball and polenta appetizer. All were fabulous and the service was quite awesome. Our waiter was Marco - he was great and very knowledgable about the menu. Atmosphere was great, and quite impressive from an interior design standpoint. This place does not disappoint.
Great room. Had the pasta al forno. Just enough cheese and the pasta was perfectly cooked!  Never been to Arthur Avenue before..glad we made the trek!
Arthur Avenue - a small Italian-American enclave tucked in among the Bronx's Latino and African-American neighborhoods - is perhaps the most disorienting place in New York City. When you emerge from the train station at Fordham Road, the sidewalks buzz with Spanish and heavily accented English, while stores' loudspeakers shout advertisements at passers by; guys wearing sandwich boards yell about unlimited texting and free phones, and sweaty dudes halfheartedly offer flyers in the July heat.  The route from the train to Arthur Avenue is lined with fast food places, hot dog and pastelito vendors, and old Puerto Rican ladies selling Italian ice beneath big umbrellas.  Then, when you make a right turn at the White Castle on Fordham Road, your field of vision fills with white people holding heros and slices of pizza.  This, my friend, is Arthur Avenue. Trattoria Zero Otto Nove sits on this peculiar, delicious street.  An old blue Fiat, parked on the sidewalk, marks the entrance to Roberto Paciullo's excellent restaurant.  Although it's more upscale than other Arthur Avenue pizza staples like Full Moon and Ivana's, it's not prohibitively expensive.  A pizza - which is almost enough for a hungry 21-year-old guy - runs you fifteen bucks, tops (plus tip).  Booze prices suck, but, so long as you're not ashamed to order the cheapest wine on the menu, you can get a bottle for around $25.  My thoughts on the meal I ate - one part of which blew my mind - are as follows: The focaccia, which our waiter delivered immediately after we sat down, was extraordinarily moist, and the small roasted tomatoes which dotted its surface took on a hearty, pleasurable tang from their time in the oven.  The other preprandial bread, a crusty half-loaf with excellent texture, was good dipped in olive oil, but not so delicious as to spoil my appetite.   The salad - which had mixed greens, grilled pear slices, goat cheese, olive oil, salt, and pepper - underwhelmed me, but this is generally what I expect from salad.  Perhaps I am provincial, but the plate could have used more flavor.  The lettuce was supple, and the olive oil was good, but there simply wasn't enough goat cheese and pear to keep the dish interesting; I was forced to become a flavor actuary-quartermaster, making minute calculations of flavor cost-benefit analysis, rationing out bits of cheese and tiny, sweet slices of pear.  The result - a tiny pear-cheese combination enfolded in a massive, oil-coated leaf - was certainly rich, but boring.   Zero Otto Nove's pizza more than made up for its middling salad.  The well-sized pies came to the table almost directly from the oven and stunned me with their beauty.  The big, wobbly circles of mozzarella and the deep red sauce had a seductive sheen that, like the 20 minute wait we endured at 7pm on a Thursday night, augured well for the main course.   The cook had cut my pizza into quarters and I carefully inspected to ensure that there was basil, sopressata, and a good deal of mozzarella and sauce on each slice.  The pie - I ordered the Diavola - was spectacular.  The spicy, salty sopressata ham intermingled with the rich tomato sauce, basil, and fresh mozzarella in the most delicious premium pizza I've ever eaten [1].  I'm not usually a "the ingredients are everything" guy, but Zero Otto Nove's pizza clearly benefits from high quality component parts.  The sauce gets its potency from San Marzano tomatoes, the tender mozzarella is made daily at a store next door ("La Casa Della Mozzarella"), and the basil - well, I don't know where it comes from, but it has marvelous intensity and strong notes of tropical fruit.  And the crust - the crust!  The pie's outermost ridge is tender, chewy, and perfectly salted.  Do yourself a favor and visit Zero Otto Nove with someone that "doesn't like crust" - this ensures that you get a double serving.  Consider dipping any surplus crust in the olive oil that waiters never remove from the table. So, in conclusion, get yourself to Arthur Avenue and eat this. [1] I am totally comfortable elevating Zero Otto Nove even above the legendary Di Fara's, which had been my favorite gourmet pizza for almost a year.
I've had the opportunity to have gourmet brick oven pizza in Florence, Rome, Capri, and a few other Italian cities and I can honestly say that their pizza is the best that I've ever had outside of Italy.  And that's all I have to say about that.....
I brought some out-of-towners here and they were quite impressed with the atmosphere first and then the food! It was so unexpected to find such a open dining space on Arthur Ave. The pizza was great and so was the risotto dinner special.
Easily some of the best food I have ever had! The pizzas are amazing and most of the food is to die for! The butternut squash pizzas are my favorite - No reservations, but you can have a drink at the bar if you need to wait - and it will be worth it!
I came here after my college graduation with a party of 10 after reading all the wonderful reviews. It was a risk to bring so many starving people to a place I have never been to before, but I risked it nevertheless and it was 200% worth it. I did call in advance to warn the restaurant that I was coming with an army of people even though they don't take any reservations. The staff had graciously prepared a section in the middle of the restaurant just for us.  No matter what you get, make sure you try the pizza. It's to die for. My party ordered everything from fish to pizza topped with dates! Everyone was more than pleased with their dish. Needless to say, we were passing our plates around for everyone at our table to try :)) it was an awesome dinner and Zero Otto Nove is surely an excellent place to celebrate any occasion. I can't wait to revisit.
FAST service, cheap wine, great pizza!!  and the atmosphere....like an old Italian wine cellar lit by candles
This place is awesome! Delicious food, outstanding service, and good wine selection! I loved everything about Trattoria Zero Otto Nove!!!! Just go - you won't be disappointed!!!!
I've been twice now, and friends who live in the Bronx go more often.  The food has always been top-notch.  The decor is a bit of a mish-mash, but for me this is a minor point--the food and service are great. Yesterday, we had a pizza Riccardo (with smoked mozzerella, pancetta and butternut squash puree)--really, truly delicious.  The pizzas here remind me of those we ate in Naples, which are the best I've ever had--light airy crust, but not too thick, a nice balance of toppings.  We had absolutely delicious soft shell crabs--big, meaty, and with a thin and crisp coating--simple perfection.   The desserts were also great--Tiramisu is so often a disappointment in American Italian restaurants--but here it was great, light, not too sweet.  Ditto for the American cheesecake.  The service is very professional.   The question for residents of other boroughs, of course, is "Is it worth the trip?"  I say that going up to Arthur Avenue, visiting the Italian shops, and having lunch here is a very pleasant way to spend an afternoon--and throw in the zoo or the botanical garden, and it makes for a great day trip in the city.
After a day of wandering the streets of Arthur Avenue, my friends and I had a GREAT meal here at Zero Otto Nove! We sat at the bar, and we served by the bartender Anthony, who was incredibly friendly and tolerated me wanting to practice up on my Italian while we were there. Not only was his service incredible, everything from the drinks to the food and the coffee at the end of the meal was perfect! We wanted to have multiple courses, so one friend and I split every dish that came out, and Anthony expertly split the plate right in front of us, taking the time and care to make sure each small plate got plated as beautifully as the original plate was. The Mozzarella Caprese was made with some of the best fresh mozzarella and ripe tomatoes I've had in a while. There was a slight twist which made this even more interesting (in a good way): roasted red peppers. YUM! For our second dish, we had the Rigatoni e Zucca, which is rigatoni served in a delicious butternut squash saucy with peas and porcini mushrooms. Again, YUM! This was followed by melt in your mouth short ribs (I think they were a special and aren't on the regular menu). Absolutely delicious. For dessert, we couldn't really pick, so we got both the tiramisu and strawberry shortcake. Both were just as good as the courses which preceded them (as in YUM!). The dining room is beautiful, and the hallway and everything are decorated as if the dining room is a little piazza in the middle of venice, but to be honest, eating at the bar was so much fun I don't know why I would want a table!
One of my favorite restaurants. Cozy, exquisite food, and it's decor is enchanting.
This is , hands down, the best pizzeria shop in the area. Yes , the pasta is great. Yes the zukini's are tasty. However the pizza , is OLALALAAAAA!!! , Tasty, crunchy, good cheese, good sauce, good EVERYTHING! Love coming here. Will take anybody, anytime there.
We visited this restaurant back in March of this year and it was amazing. You forgot that you were in the middle of the Bronx, and one of their specialities is their famous Pizza Alla Nutella. Yep, that's right, a whole pizza dedicated to one of the greatest Italian spreads ever. Around the area, there are numerous taxi call services, municipal parking 2 minutes away, and the area is still vibrant with Italian cafes, restaurants, bakeries, etc. We had a great time and probably will go again. Enjoy!
This is a tough review for me to write. Went here expecting big things for a place that was supposed to be one of the best on Arthur Ave. I ordered the Linguini al Nero di Seppia e Calamari aka linguini with spicy black ink sauce. I can't put it any other way then I just did not like the taste of the dish. I did not think it was appealing to my palette. Every time I relay this review to someone I make sure to emphasize that my two friends, who I went out with, shared a pasta and a chicken dish, and really loved it. So I really chalk this up to not ordering well on this occasion. The ambience was very nice and is a great place to go out to for any occasion. I hope to return soon so I can update my review with positive things!
First time on Arthur Avenue and was pleasantly surprised. With so many choices we had no idea what restaurant to try so my daughter asked a friend who has been visting the "Little Italy" of the Bronx for years. She recommended either Roberto's or "zero eight nine" and I chose this one. Since we were here for lunch my daughter and my wife got a pizza and each had salads. They loved it. However, when I heard the litany of specials I knew I was definitely going to make this my main meal of the day. I had the Osso Bucco special with some good Italian house wine. It was fantastic. My father had the short rib special and it was delicious. The only problem was that I could have one of everything on the specials list.
It feels like a traditional italian restaurant. Very nice dinner area in the back of the house with live cooking. Service and Pizzas are okay. I like it!
We went here tonight for dinner to celebrate my husband's birthday and we were both surprised at how good it was.  I read the reviews on yelp for this restaurant for the past 8 months, but we just haven't gotten here.  It was so wonderful. The food was great and the service far surpassed our expectations.  I mentioned to our server that it was my husband's birthday and at the end of our meal they surprised him with a piece of cake, it was so great.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great meal in a laid back atmosphere.
I'm a fan of Roberto's and like to come here when I'm in the mood for something a little more casual and in need of a soup fix! I love getting the Zuppa di Scarole e Fagioli. The inside has fun decor looks like the streets of Italy- posters and trompe l'oeil galore! The pizzas are good, but I feel as though Pepe's is comparable and maybe a little on the salty side.
The best Margarita Pizza!!! I saw Chaz Palmenteri here once, felt like I was in a real Bronx Tale! haha
Definitely the best "fine(ish) dining" restaurant on Arthur Ave. I've been about three times and have always left feeling happy, and like I got what I paid for. Things start off well when you are led to the seating area, a faux-Italian-courtyard that manages to feel open and spacious without being chintzy or overly cute-sy.   The pizza is fantastic, thin, but pliable crust with good proportions of sauce and toppings that combine to become something more than the sum of its parts. I also have very fond memories of an antipasto of wild boar meatballs that was phenomenal (I think it was a special that night).
Great restaurant, perhaps my favorite on Arthur Avenue.  The bartender is always friendly and the service is usually accurate and efficient.  Their "Ricardo" pizza with pancetta, butternut squash and mozzarella is phenomenal.  The setting/feeling inside the restaurant is also great...something you wouldn't expect just by walking by the place.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who plans to go to LIttle Italy in the Bronx.
We were dead set on just pizza when entering the restaurant, once our waiter laid out the specials we couldn't resist. So, we had pizza as well as the specials and I can say I enjoyed every bit of food we got.  The must haves in my book are: La Cirilo pizza - ​Butternut squash puree, cream of truffle,  mushrooms & fresh mozzarella, was beyond delish Ice Cream topped w/ Nutella - don't know how they did it but they created a Nutella shell around the ice cream, but the shell wasn't solid.  It melded so well with the ice cream. The only thing I disliked about the place was the lighting, or lack there of.  I don't think I get it, they are trying to make it look like a dark, foreboding alley in Italy somewhere?  More fear inducing than welcoming.  Then there is this one beam of sunlight that causes a glare to everyone except those sitting under it.  However, none of this will take away from how good the food is.
My coworkers and I frequent this place and consistently enjoy it. The food is authentic Italian and the space is nice. The servers are always very helpful whether it is accommodating our larger group or picking out what we should order.
OMG- the best eggplant parm I ever had in my life and I have lived in NY for 50 years. Family type atmosphere- but this restaurant and the block is pretty much the best Italian food you can get! Fear not if you do not like eggplant parm- everything in here is great!
SENSATIONAL!! And not just the pizza - appetizers are phenomenal.  So is the pasta.    This place is a must.  Their sauce should be bottled and sold.  If it is already -- someone clue me in!
Very nice. I am not an expert in Italian cuisine though I trust my tastebud. Overall it was more than just satisfying dining experience. I shared La Cirilo (pizza with butternut squash puree, mushroom, fresh mozzarella and some kind of truffle oil) and black ink pasta (with calamari and sepia inside ) with my girl friend. We also ordered tiramisu and cannoli as desserts. Food: Pizza was heavenly tasty. I love the combination of mozzarella and butternut squash puree! Pasta was good too. But maybe because of the excellent pizza, it did not give us too much surprise. Ordinarily delicious. About the desserts, tiramisu is ok but just like the ones I had tasted before. Cannoli, I have to say it was way too sweat and sticky. It is my first try and maybe it should be like this. Other:  The environment is Very comfy and standard yet not too classic. I hate those mahattan spots where you could barely relax yourself and eat. The decoration which I like a lot is somehow reminded me of narrow street in little Italian village. All the wait staffs are kind yet not overly kind. The price is reasonable. We paid under 40 including tips. In all, I am very happy and satisfied with this experience. I will soon come back with my husband!
Top Notch Italian food!  We got a pizza and spaghetti w/ meatballs and goat cheese and it was all insanely good. This place is amazing!
Definitely real Italian charm in the dining room. Food was good. Thats all.
Super welcoming staff that makes you feel very comfortable. My daughter and I went for lunch and ordered pizza, mainly bc of the reviews. She got the margarita and I got the sausage and broccoli rabe. I asked her what she thought and she gave it an 8 out of 10, which I agree completely.  I can't put my finger on what it was lacking, but it wasn't as flavorful as I hoped. I don't think you will be disappointed, but def not the best I've had.
Been here few times. The food is good. Not excellent. Took my friends here for a quick lunch and I ordered grilled seafood, the dish really had no flavor, it was like chewing gum. But the rest of the food was good, and their pizza is also good, not the best I had in NYC tho. The service should have a smile on their face here and there. When it comes to say the specials or take the order it just looks like a robot is taking. No enthusiasm. Besides that they work great.
Trattoria Zero Otto Nove has some of the most authentic Italian food that I have ever tried.  Even though the trek was a pain, the restaurant was superb.  The servers were extremely professional, friendly, and soft spoken.  All of them.  They were a team.  It wasn't like in other restaurants where you have one server pretending to like you to get your tip.  These people worked like a team all equally helping you out and were very sincere in their efforts.  The atmosphere was very much needed after having walked so far in the frozen slush.  The atmosphere transports you to Italy.  Take time to look around the room and appreciate everything.  They were very quick to refill our bread and drinks.  For my meal, I got the pollo capricciosa.  2 pieces of breaded chicken cutlet with melted cheese, marinara, pesto, and covered in chopped tomatoes and olive oil.  It was outstanding.  I tried other dishes too.  My friend had the pollo scarpariello which is chicken on the bone sauteed with white wine, rosemary, and lemon juice.  I was in heaven.  Furthermore, my other friend couldn't finish her cheese and spinach calzone so I had the pleasure of finishing it off for her.  I was very impressed with the authenticity of the food and the friendliness of the staff.  This place is definitely a winner and I can see why Belmont is considered the real Little Italy in NYC.
The pizza here was good.  Better than many other pizza places in New York.
We waited 45 minutes to be seated at the absolute darkest and coldest corner of the restaurant (upstairs level), only to be ignored by the waiter for about 10 minutes while he talked to the table next to us. We asked to be moved downstairs to a spot that was much more enjoyable, against the "fresco" wall. Bread basket was not exciting--cold squares of focaccia and traditional Italian bread. Menu was a bit more modern than we were expecting with no red sauce spaghetti in sight which I guess is good for the college area, but not the traditional old school Italian that I think we would have preferred, as we were coming in from Manhattan. We split the pasta al forno and broccoli rabe which were quite tasty--pasta had a nice mix of meats (meatball, sausage) and egg and cheese, and the veggies had enough garlic that I was glad we were sharing the two dishes. We were going to get a dessert but opted to go to an old bakery nearby instead which I think was the right choice. I think this place has such high reviews because it's probably a bit more upscale than the traditional places along Arthur ave that I have been to in the past, but I wouldn't say the food was amazing (or worth the trip from Manhattan, for sure). Solid food but more of a fancy night out for a college student than a fantastic Italian meal for someone used to more upscale options.
Best Pizza ever - love the ambiance and the Margherita Pizza is sooooo yummy
Some of the best food I have ever eaten. I have been called a very hard to please New Yorker. Definitely recommend this place. Not extremely expensive either! I had seafood in a spicy sauce, pizza, portabella appetizer, ricotta cheesecake and house red wine. Friends loved theirs too.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this before.  I've worked in the Bronx for 3 years, and this has been our staff's go to for staff celebrations.  We've gone with anywhere from 3 people to 20 and the service and food are great every single time.  I have never had a bad experience here. We usually share some pizzas -all of which are really yummy.  Our favorite pasta dish, though, is the butternut squash pasta with mushrooms.  I try really hard not to have pasta too often, but this is so worth breaking that "rule."  We always get their arugula or pear salads, always a nice way to start dinner. My favorite desserts from there are the profiteroles and the strawberry cheesecake with cappuccino.  This place is excellent -if you ever find yourself in the area, you must try it!
Where do I start? Let's begin with the smiling hostess who invited my bf and me to acquaint ourselves with the bar. While I warmed up my palette with a delicious house chianti, I basked in the romantic glow of the dimly lit bar. After only a few minutes we were led through a longish corridor with stucco walls a great wooden doorways. When we emerged we found ourselves in Italian courtyard complete with a brick oven in the corner and rustic stucco and brick walls. We started by sharing a fresh, lemony tasting arugula salad with huge shaves of Parmesan cheese. The waiter rattled off all the specials--there were at least 17 thousand of them and he remembered every detail--and my bf chose the lamb chops roasted with mixed mushrooms, cherry tomatoes and potatoes. I had the breaded chicken cutlet topped with fresh diced tomatoes and melted mozzarella. Both were delicious, huge servings, and my date and I couldn't stay out of each other's plates. We finished the evening with a nutella pizza that we watched in the making right in front of us at the brick oven and lattes. The staff was attentive and accommodating. I also noticed and upstairs area with chandeliers and an even more romantic ambiance, but no one was seated there. This place is a gem!
Trattoria Zero Otto Nove has got to be THE date spot of the Bronx. High ceilings? Check. Dim romantic lighting? Check. Unique and classy Italian dishes? Check. Attractive waitstaff that sparks just a touch of jealousy to strengthen your relationship? Check. Came here with the partner-in-crime after a lengthy walk to a not-too crowded restaurant despite the booming festival down the block. The establishment is beautiful, with skylights and a balcony. The menu is limited, and lacks a lot of the dishes typically found at Italian-American establishments. Instead, they offer creative, more traditional plates and an arsenal of pizzas. If you're looking for the red saucy, tortellini alfredo style places, this isn't it. Not to bash other Italian restaurants that I adore, but there's a time and place for everything and this, like many others in Belmont, is a step above. I ordered the pollo capriccioso (I have an obsession with the word "capricious", as it perfectly describes my personality) and recieved a hulking, breaded breast of chicken loaded with tomatoes, pesto, and lightly touched with mozzarella (from practically down the block). It was amazing. I also tried some of the pasta al forno, and oh man, that was a tasty dish. Imagine baked ziti but BETTER. As for desserts, I was a little disappointed that most of the items contained nuts (I'm allergic). I won't hold that against them though because it's common in Italian restaurants. The fragola romana was a sweet, tasty alternative, though. Brotip: If you are used to other joints, entrees do not come with a side of pasta. That's not how it's typically done at higher-end places.
Everything about this pizza is perfect!
Cool place, You walk through like a catacomb to get to the dining area, which has an upstairs also. I had the Cotoletta alla Pugliese. It is veal cutlet in passito sweet wine with mixed mushrooms,fava beans & spicy dry ricotta. Nice and light and delicious! Very good food!
From the front, it looked stylish, polished, and small.  The hostess offered to seat us at once and led us down this hall further and further...where were we going??  We ended up in the large room with a skylight and murals on the wall.  There was a balcony on one end that looked really cute, but nobody had been seated there yet.  The large menu has a few classic Italian dishes, lots of pizzas, and lots of high-end "new" Italian dishes.  We ordered across the spectrum, and it was all DIVINE.  And the desserts...mere words can not describe!   I'm giving it a 5 based on the food, because I thought the layout was a bit odd and led to the room being noisy.  And our waiter was rather inattentive.  That said, I can't wait to return!
Arthur Avenue puts NYC's Mulberry Street little Italy to shame.  Two will wait at the bar for about 30 minutes for a table, which is well worth it.  Have a glass of wine and build your appetite because the smells from your neighbors' eating at the bar will be too much to bear.   They have excellent red sauce options, calzones, pizzas, fish, antipasto, wine by the glass or bottle, and this is typical, but what makes it special is this:  Whatever you choose will be the most amazing thing you have ever tasted.  Mussels marinara, veal, chicken, linguini...the bread...the olive oil...hell, even the salt is the best tasting salt you ever...ok, maybe that's a bit much, but I ate well beyond my comfort level because I didn't want the taste experience to end.  If you choose a place based on service?  You won't be disappointed.  Attentive, but not obtrusive.  They make you feel like part of the family, but be warned, it's not easy to get to by public transportation.  Flag down a green cab at 182-183rd and unbutton your pants to make room for the amazing fest you will consume at Trattoria Zero Otto Nove.
Being a huge fan of Roberto's, I was curious to see what this more "casual fare" would entail.  Much larger, and in some ways more extravagent, than Roberto's, Trattoria Otto Nove impressed.  The pizza selection was great and the entree dishes were the quality I expect from Roberto.  Definitely worth a trip if Roberto's is too packed.
The pork chops with cherry peppers and white wine sauce are excellent.  Perfectly tender and juicy meat with a sauce to die for. The place absolutely needs more bathrooms.  A half full restaurant at lunchtime results in constant lines for both restrooms.
This Trattoria was wonderful!  From the atmosphere, the music, the servers, the wine selection, the appetizers, the specials, and to the regular items on the menu-- everything was simply wonderful.  My only complaint is that the bread was not warm, but it was still delicious.
Holy. Cow. This is def a spot that lives up to the Arthur Ave. hype machine. Don't be fooled by the small bar area in the front as the back opens up into a room with high ceilings and plenty of light. Here's how the meal went down... Margherita pie- made in a brick oven, was cooked perfectly to give it that crispy but chewy crust. San Marzano tomatoes and fresh mozz on top. So simple. So good. Antipasto Salernitano Caldo (Stuffed peppers, eggplant, zucchini scapece, & cauliflower​​) - Mangia! So many different flavors here all mushed together on one plate. I loved it, my date didn't :-/ Cauliflower was the standout item. Mafalde Porcini e Provola (Porcini , baked cherry tomatoes & smoked mozzarella) - Big thick noodles with a smoked flavor from the cheese that doesn't overwhelm. Though the mushrooms are few and far between, the cherry tomatoes help break up the monotony of a large 'one-note' pasta dish.   Can't find the spot? Yes you can. There's a little car parked on the sidewalk right in front of it (true story). Enjoy!
What a Gem this place is!  Delicious Italian Food, and Pizza. Highly Recommended
Not spectacular. It is a sad meal where the only highlight was a new brand of Italian sparkling mineral water we'd never tried before, (Lurisia). We went here for Father's Day based on the 4.5 star reviews. The homemade pasta was over-cooked. The sauces were bland. The decor is nice. Having the pizza oven in the main dining room is nice. The waiter was pleasant but seemed to be spending most if his time at a larger table. After we were served the main courses, he didn't check back to see if we needed anything like Parmesan cheese or more sparkling mineral water. Three entrées with one appetizer came to over $100. We hoped for spectacular. We got meh.
Previous reviews very accurate.  Short wait for a table, then seated in the dining room, decorated to resemble an Italian piazza.  Enjoyed the seafood salad, arugula with parmesan, and shared the pizza with butternut squash and smoked mozzarella.  After lunch, be sure to check out the indoor market across the street -- bought some delicious strawberries and asparagus to take home.
Wow.. Came here for lunch!!!! It was fantastic, had the polenta and meatballs, arugula salad and a pizza w ham olives and mushrooms. Everything was heavenly, service was great too. Can't wait to go back and try more stuff, everything everyone had looked delicious.
Out on a mission to experience the "real" Little Italy of NYC - Belmont in the Bronx - we decided on Trattoria 089 as our lunch venue. Note that I'm Italian (as in moved to NYC a couple of years ago, not a couple of generations ago) so I'm notoriously finicky about my Italian eats. 089 delivers, though we might have gotten lucky with the specials. The only thing we had that was on the normal menu was the eggplant parmigiana, and it was delicious, slightly oily and cheesy. Must have. Then we had 2 pasta entree specials to die for: oven-baked fresh-made pasta with a tomato/ mozz/ spicy soppressata sauce and radiatore pasta with ossobuco sauce. Both were incredibly decadent and mouth-watering, though definitely not for the faint of heart (imagine digesting a brick). Not content, we then decided to top this off with a short rib in a lightly acidic pepper sauce - fortunately not too heavy. As a final touch, pastiera, espresso and Amaro del Capo (a surprising find and one of the best amaros from Italy). Everything was really good. Service was outstanding, too: our server was incredibly attentive and helpful, splitting up all our dishes between us on the spot so we could partake in the gluttony on equal terms. The wine list is quite strong and all-Italian - unfortunately a lot of the better wines are priced incredibly high though. We managed to get a decent Chianti Classico for something like $65, but definitely the least impressive aspect of the meal. Final note on the space: it's very original, with a ground floor decorated to look like you're eating in a piazza and a terrace level overlooking it that feels like you're in somebody's home. I highly recommend the terrace, the piazza room feels too cavernous and the wall paintings to resemble the outdoor environment are a bit cheesy. Overall a great Bronx spot.
Yelp reviews brought me here and the pizza was as good as everyone described. I tried about 5 if the pizza options and they were all excellent (although I personally preferred the options with sauce) with the perfect crisp crust. The entrees didn't excite me. They were good, but not in comparison to the pizza and the portion sizes were small. Guess I'm used to the obscene American sized plates that have us all obese. The ambience is also perfect for a date. Dim but not dark and there is a nice skylight
My girlfriend and I just had dinner at Trattoria Zero Otto Nove and we will never go back there again. The restaurant looks nice, the staff was nice, but the food....not so nice. Bad actually. I ordered the Ragu' Salernitano (Pork skin braciola, beef braciola & meatballs slowly cooked in tomato sauce) I've been to a lot of restaurants in my life, but this is the first meal that actually depressed me. Not only did it look like a plate of tomato sauce with meat inside, but the meat looked (and tasted) like mystery meat. I didn't know what was going on. My girlfriend ordered the hanger steak with arugula and sliced mozerella...she didn't finish it. We got the check, paid and left. My GF was sad because she picked the place out. We walked over to Palumbo's and ordered some pastries and went home. I wish I had ten arms because I would Zero Otto Nove ten thumbs down. If you go there do what I should have done and just order the pizza, or you can just go to The Bronx Zoo and eat @ the food court area and see a squirrel and say "Hi friend" and then you try to feed it and it bites you on the finger and you have to be rushed to the emergency room and the bill is going to be like a thousand dollars, so just stay home and heat up a bowl of mac and cheese and watch the discovery channel and plan your vacation to hades and say hi to the devil for me because I'm never going to Little Italy in The Bronx again.
Brought the entire clan here after a day at the botanical garden for a mother's day dinner.  As can be expected on Arthur Ave., serious Italian food and atmosphere.  We were lucky to get our large party seated in 20 minutes and service was excellent. Appetizers were good, especially the shrimp and scallop special in agra dolce sauce.  As for entrees, the pasta al forno was really great with insanely sized pasta baked with tasty little ricotta filled meatballs.  The pork osso bucco (special) and baked yellow snapper (also special) were both especially pleasant.  Portions sizes were good, not too big or small, just enough.  Deserts were also standard fare but tasted excellent.  Definitely coming back after another foray into the zoo or garden.
What did these people eat that I didn't have at this place?? Does anyone know about good food? What's with the little frozen meat balls, serious? Service was good..very nice decor, but If this place was in Jersey wouldn't be in business too long! I don't like to leave bad reviews but after seeing all reviews I really expected better!
Yum! The food at Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is absolutely delicious. We popped in for lunch today and were treated to a really stellar Italian meal. We decided to go with 2 dishes to share, the Ragu Salernitano which is pork skin braciola, beef braciola, sausage, and meatballs served in an herbed tomato sauce and the Mafalde E Ceci which is fusille pasta with chick peas, pancetta, bread crumbs, and pecorino cheese. We loved both dishes, top to bottom. The meat in the ragu was outstanding. I particularly liked the classic fennel sausage and the generous amount of herbs and garlic in the middle of the beef braciola. Also, the sauce was so flavorful, having soaked up all of that pork and beef goodness, I could not resist sopping up all the leftovers with some of their excellent crusty bread. Lord, if I could eat high quality food like this every day, I'd be ecstatic. Why is it such a chore to find great restaurants? Anyway, let's not forget the Mrs. She really dug the pasta dish, commenting that it was very complex flavor wise, but at the same time very much like something your mom would make at home. I loved it too, the pasta was cooked perfectly and what's not to love about crispy pancetta? For dessert, we went with some hot apple cake which was spot on, and some espressos which were just delightful, the perfect way to close out a very special lunch. Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is a really amazing spot on Arthur Avenue, an area which is chock full of tired old war horses. Give this place a try before considering the usual suspects and you will not be disappointed. Five stars all the way.
This place was AHH-MAZING; So amazing, i decided to pop my yelp review cherry. My boyfriend and I came here on Saturday night and couldn't have had a better time. The place is so cute! The decor and ambiance was romantic, and we felt as if we were tucked away in Italy. We had to wait a little while for a table but that wasn't a problem since we could have a drink or two at the bar. The bartender was on point, very attentive and made the drinks good, strong ;) We finally got seated and when we were brought to the back i was pleasantly surprised at the feel of the restaurant. Loved the ambiance here, perfect date night. We had a salad to start which was light and delicious then we went for one of their pizza's, DELICIOUS. My boyfriend and I are tough critics when it comes to pizza, us both loving it equally as much. Overall, the service was great, the food was delicious, and the drinks were tasty! We will definitely be returning soon!
After visiting the NY Botanical Gardens, my husband & I decided to try out an Italian restaurant on Arthur Ave. The positive Yelp reviews brought us to Zero Otto Nove. We were not disappointed! The service was attentive but unhurried. We split a Caprese Pizza & Arugula Salad. While the salad was not large, the ingredients were super fresh. And the pizza was delicious and the perfect size for us to share & have 2 large pieces each. Our food arrived quickly & we were able to eat & pay & be on our way within  45 mins. Lovely skylight above the dining area is a nice touch, as is the rustic pizza oven. It feels like a little slice of Italy. We will be back.
Just went to this restaurant for the first time last night, I do not have one thing bad to say.  The wait for a Saturday night was 30 min., the service terrific, the food absolutely delicious, the desserts were great too and  the atmosphere is gorgeous.  Would definitely go back!
Robert.  Since the day Tony and his sister Anna opened their doors, Roberto's vision and food have just gotten. Better. My favorite restaurant. I love Roberto's but this location.... just perfect. Food. Ambiance. Service. Perfect
We live in the Bronx and always bring out of town visitors here. The atmosphere is such a welcome surprise - beautiful interior. The service is fantastic, the food is delicious, the prices are unbeatable. They have Blue Moon on tap... All around, a consistent favorite that always impresses locals and visitors, alike.  Due to the atmosphere, we like this even better than Roberto's, the sister restaurant under the same ownership.
Decided to go here for the first time after reading the reviews. Spent a day in the city, and then came here hungry. It was pretty busy when we got there, although the place looked empty to us. I later learned all the action is in the back, but we started with drinks at then bar. Anthony was wonderful and told us we had to try the special appetizer of the day; we were glad that we took his advice. We were seated on the 2nd level, which I preferred, because the view looking down was awesome, and it was more cozy/romantic sitting up top. They give you some italian bread to start (not toasted, and no butter) but we used it with the meal. They also have a bottle of olive oil on the table to use at will. We started with the special app of the day, fresh homemade mouth watering mozzarella with arugula, capers, balsamic, beets....wow! Then we had to try the special pizza because we saw pizza in everyone's table, it came with asparagus, homemade mozzarella, and prosciutto; It was phenomenal. The app and pizza came out lightning fast. We also shared a plate of cavatelli with mozzarella, and a side of meatballs. This took a while because they bake it, but overall good. I definitely liked the app and pizza best. Saved a little room for desert, tried the $7 cannoli, worth every penny. The filling tastes incredible, one of the best I've ever had, and the presentation looks amazing on the dish. Service was excellent too, two people are pretty much constantly tending to you. No complaints there. Overall excellent dinner, value, experience, definitely going back. Street parking right in front was convenient.
to be continued...
I'm a newbie to Arthur Avenue and the vicinity, but whenever I'm done visiting the NY Botanical Garden, there's no way I would leave and go home hungry. So after seeing the orchid show this past Sunday, at around 5:30pm, we got a table immediately and watched as the bar area turned into a waiting room within a half hour. We got a pizza margherita ($14) because you can't come to a place with a brick oven and not eat something that came out of it. It came quickly, and was divine, but you have to eat it fast, or else the bread will start sogging up. I'm not a fan of crust, but this crust was soft and chewy; I wanted to get some marinara just to dip it in. The waiter says they source their mozzarella from the nearby Casa Della Mozzarella (we also saw them hauling in a small tank of the day's supply), so of course it was amazing. We also shared the Linguini al Nero di Seppia e Calamari ($23); seppia is cuttlefish. We chose to  have it with mild black ink (instead of red sauce) and it was an impressive pasta with a wonderfully garlic-heavy base. It was one of the best squid ink pastas I've had. I haven't gotten to sample much here, but since they have a Manhattan location (21st st) closer to me, I would hope they source their ingredients from "the Little Italy of the Bronx" and serve up food of this same caliber.
This is without a doubt the mother of all pizza places, in New York or elsewhere, it is just that great! This restaurant, along with the nearby Roberto's (which has the same ownership) have some of the best Italian food New York City has to offer. Thankfully, Trattoria Zero Otto Nove features many of the same fabulous high quality delicious dishes that Roberto's is known for, but at a more affordable price. The inside is cutely decorated with different Italian scenes and the skylight allows plenty of natural light. The pizza is light, with a very thin, yet very airy charred crust that is simply amazing. The other ingredients and toppings are equally impressive, ranging from spicy pancetta to various fresh cheeses and vegetables. The two pizzas with the pureed butternut squash base are among the best the restaurant has to offer, and should be tried by everyone at least once. The Italian cheesecake was also excellent and a perfect way to end any meal. Whenever I find myself in the area and feeling like eating Italian food, I always think of this place first.
Great decor - kind of felt like you could easily be in a trattoria in Italy.  Great place to practice your Italian language too :) We had the burrata as an appetizer and it was fabulous.  Escarole salad was fresh and good. The pizza is brick oven pizza and is absolutely delicious!  We opted for the sausage and broccoli rabe. Don't skip dessert, go for the cannoli!
Great restaurant with a truly unique atmosphere. You walk through a long tight hallway to find yourself miles away from high beautiful ceilings. A favorite restaurant of mine on Arthur Ave. The food is tasty but not quite 5/5 territory, closer to 4/5. The staff is friendly but the wait can get long on busy days.
Don't go there for the okay food or the elaborate tacky decor. Go there for the fake Italian accents. This is the ultimate in North Jersey/Staten Island/Bronx Italian food.
The thin crust pizza with porcini mushrooms, fresh mozzarella and potato slices were delicious.  They have great bread for the table.  In addition, the rigatoni al forno was delicious as well.  Loved the decor of these place and would definitely go again!
Thanks to Yelp for finding this gem! Others have written about the amazing food but let me compliment the unhurried, professional service.  Even with a line waiting outside the front door we never felt rushed.  They used to say "you can't eat atmosphere", but it certainly made an excellent meal even more enjoyable. Our first visit to Arthur Avenue, but we will be back... Even with a 30+ minute drive from Connecticut. PS:  good luck finding parking!
If I could do 6 stars I would. We had a wonderful lunch there this past Saturday.  The atmosphere was like walking into Italy, the service was great and the food, I do not have the words to describe how good the food was.  We started with the insalata mare which was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection.  Nice assortment of Shrimp, scallops, scungilli, octopus, mussels, calamari.  My husband had the linguini nero which he said was one of the best he has ever had.  I had the malfalde con ceci which was so tasty I wanted to order another dish of it.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant and can't wait to go back again.
Of all the Arthur Avenue locations, I'd least recommend this tourist trap.  Zero Otto Nove is not apart of the "old" Arthur Avenue and is place you can come to experience this "fake" Italian tourist experience.   Let's get down to the business: the food.  The only item in this restaurant that warrants more than 2 stars is their pizza.   Their cavatelli is chewy and is an embarrassment to their restaurant considering they have borgatti's around the corner who should be their supplier.  The cavatelli was covered in polly-o mozzarella, which is another embarrassment consider they claim they use Casa's mozzarella ONE their pizzas, the one i ordered (noted on their menu). Their squid ink pasta is overwhelmed with the ink and looked more like soup and not in the least bit appetizing.   If you are a true Italian and from the neighborhood, you know this place is not the one to go to.  It is mostly filled with Fordham students and their parents who don't know any better.
Very impressed, good pizza, good service.
Great decor. Excellent food. I had the margherita pizza and chicken scarpariello. The service was attentive but unhurried.
The food is fair. Nothing out of this world. I am not a big fan of meat but the steak is probably the highlight here. The American cheesecake was amazingggggg!!!!!
The food was legit.... Everything very good.  Would go back.  The place was packed and I loved the decor.  Doesn't seem to be nestled in the middle of the BX!
We went here for dinner after spending the day at the Botanical Garden. We got here around 5PM on a Saturday night. The place opens at 4:30 and all tables were taken already. We waited for about 30 minutes and got a table. We walked down the narrow hallway to the "grotto". You sit by the pizza oven. The decor is nice, but a little dark. The wait staff is friendly and don't rush you through your dinner. We were served fresh bread with very good olive oil. My kids were famished from walking all dat at the NYBG. They really loved dipping the bread in the olive oil and eating it. My wife got the daily special, which was a fried soft shelled crab. I got the pizza with potatoes and sausage. My 8 year old got the spaghetti with meatballs. All dishes were awesome. We got cappuccinos, cannoli and tiramisu for dessert. Both were awesome. Kids were full by the time we left. They were also sad there were no leftovers. We will absolutely go here again when we visit the Bronx zoo.
Very good food.  Just not quite sure I ordered the right thing. My bf's chicken I scarp was do tender it cut like butter under his fork.  The light butter wine sauce was highly complimentary to the dish.  Really good stuff.  I came here years ago abd the pizza is Devine.  I will keep coming till I find something I love (besides the pizza). Exquisite cuisine in the Bronx.  Better than Mulberry!
hard to give this a 3, when last time i think i gave it a 5.  pizza tonight was off the charts good as was the rigatoni with squash and peas.  my chicken parm was 1st served luke warm, and even when heated, was good but not close to great.  my wife's chicken scarporella was also good not great.  but as luck would have it, we had little traffic getting from nj to bx.  got a spot right across the street.  and had 0 wait for a table for 2 at around 7.  so next time, i hope they try a little harder for another 4-5 star rating.
After being at Fordham for a number of years, I felt ashamed that I still have not tried Trattoria Zero Otto Nove yet, knowingly they use fresh mozzarella from Casa de la Mozzarella across the street. Well, the time has come when a man must try what every man must try. It was a late afternoon during winter break and my girlfriend and I have decided to order a pie to go. Upon arrival to pick up my pie, I realized that it was my best decision yet, the wait for a table was at least an hour with more people coming in at the minute. After getting my pie, I brought it to my apartment to try with my girlfriend. Upon opening the box, we were slightly disappointed at the size of the thing, it was more of a personal pie. Regardless, I was not very impressed with what I have ate. Though the cheese was definitely fresh, the crust was burnt and there was excessive basil leaves that overpowered the pie at certain bites. Perhaps next time I should actually try the entrees for dine-in, as there are clearly better pizza joints in the neighborhood.
Great coal oven Pizza. This place makes you feel like your in Italy.
I was pretty excited to try out Zero Otto Nove (Sunday afternoon) because of all of the great reviews on Yelp and due to the fact that I hadn't been in (the real) Little Italy in years. Meh. First off, the hostess service was lacking. I was in a party of four (my partner and both of our mothers); we went in, asked for a table and waited for about 15 minutes as two hostesses walked back and forth chatting with each other and wiping down menus. Finally, they had a table ready for us...on the second floor...when there were at least three empty tables on the main floor. This was no problem for me or my partner but both of our mothers have visible joint and feet issues (one wears a foot brace), so for them, climbing stairs is often difficult. Later on, when my mother was ordering a beef dish well done, the waiter insisted, rather condescendingly, that she order it medium because it would taste better and if he put in the order as "well done" the chefs would burn it because it was being cooked on a grill. Now, I can appreciate the art of cooking and the method behind cooking techniques in order to get the "best" flavor, however, flavor is a mighty subjective thing. If you think having your meat cooked medium tastes best, great.. If you prefer your meat well done (and not bloody), also great. Imposing your $0.02 on how someone should order their meal? That's the quickest way to turn a guest off and have them ordering something else that they perhaps desired less (and that's precisely what happened). The dishes ordered included the caprese salad (really lovely smoky flavor on the roasted red peppers), the beef ribs (well seasoned, moist), the ragu salernitano (very tasty, although the pork skin was not crispy at all and had the consistency of rubber), the breaded chicken cutlet dish with sauce (not much flavor in the chicken) and the galleto al mattone (SUPER-BLAND cornish hen with a side of potatoes and eggplant). The house pinot noir was pretty good. The bill at the end was nearly $200.00, which was surprising considering our dining experience so far. Zero Otto Nove's pizza and calzone menu looks very appetizing, so if I do muster up enough will to re-visit, I may just try it. That's a big "if" though. True rating: 2.5 stars
it doesnt get any better on Arthur Avenue. As someone who grew up on these streets, the restaurant is perfection... from the decor to the music and flavors. There is nothing better on AA other than Dominicks and Robertos. Top notch!
Everything about Zero Otto Nove exudes authentic Italian - right down to the dining area that recalls outdoor piazzas and interior spaces carved into intimate grottos. As for the food - I have to echo all the other glowing reviews and say it was wonderful! I love it when modern Italian joints defy your expectation of what Italian food should be and smack you in the face with original dishes like baby octopus stewed in tomato sauce or rigatoni with butternut squash, peas & porcini mushrooms. The coal oven pizzas? Perfect. Service? No complaints - sociable, knowledgeable and exuberant waitstaff without appearing over solicitous. And best of all, I don't have to drive all the way to Manhattan to get this kind of food - it's just 15 minutes from my stoop.
Incredible place.  The entrees are sensational, but the pizza is from another planet.  In the age-old argument over who has the best pizza in New York, this place doesn't get mentioned enough, and is fully deserving.  Try the butternut squash and pancetta, or the potato and sausage.  Unreal.  If you haven't been, you're doing yourself a disservice.
We are regulars at this outstanding restaurant.  If you write a bad review it may be because you don't know food and should stick to Olive Garden.  This place is fantastic.
My girlfriend and I love this restaurant. Deliciousssss Pizza... La riccardo is to die for.. We always get it. The margharita is good too, but lately they have been stingy with the amount of fresh mozzarella they put on it, so we dont order it anymore. The pear and goat cheese salad is delicious as well as their cheesecake!!! Wow.. So silky and so perfect... juniors and s&s dont have anything on this. The specials also sound delicious everytime we go, but there is only so much you can eat. Tonight I had the oso bucco with risotto... Amazing... Licked the plate. The bread is great and the olive oil at the table is great quality. And lastly, the servers and whole front of the house staff is on point all night. Love this place. Our favorite go to spot.
We are regulars at this outstanding restaurant.  If you write a bad review it may be because you don't know food and should stick to Olive Garden.  This place is fantastic.
Went here for lunch with two out-of-town visitors and we loved it! Their pizza diavola and baked cavatelli were hits, and I loved my polenta meatball appetizer and argula salad. Very authentic Italian vibe with the Euro cup soccer on the big screen and a wall of posters that make you feel you're in a back alley of Salento. I'll be back for more tasty food. Only negative was the really cheap tasting Chianti, but the pour was generous.
Very cute inside.  We were seated upstairs under a crazy cold vent but our party of five were seated quickly upon arrival (fairly close to opening time, i think).  The waiters seemed very rushed and busy, which is always a bit off putting. Everybody liked their dishes and was fairly content.  The only thing we all got annoyed with was the "Happy Birthday" song they sing for people's birthdays. Its REALLY loud (or we were right near the speaker) and it's cute AT FIRST.  We heard it, no exaggeration, at least 10 ten times during our meal.  And everything stops, every time.  Nutzo.   If I was one of the waiters, I think I"d hear it in my nightmares.
This is one of the best pizzas i have had in all of nyc. There are lots of places in ny to get a decent slice but this place makes alot of those places taste mediocre.
This place is simply amazing.  One of the best things about eating is that it can transport you to share in the traditions of other cultures.  To be able to find authentic Italian in the Bronx is truly a gift. We ordered the Calamari Alla Peperonata, La San Matteo, Ragu' Salernitano to share.  My only wish was we didn't fill up on bread on the way over.  The Calamari was nicely executed and the peppers and greens pop with flavor.  The La San Matteo was authentic southern italian pizza.  The Ragu, OMFG, the waiter even gave us props for knowing to order it, you can hear the nostalgia in his voice as he explained the dish, it was that good, the pork skin braciola is to die for and the sauce is the most flavorful thing, again I wish we didn't fill up on bread so we could have enjoyed every last spoon of that sauce. The crowd was interesting people were coming from all over, there were people from upstate new york in their sunday's best. Definitely returning.  Be warned though, there is a wait but it's worth it.
We go here a lot after a trip to the botanical garden. Kids love it, we love it. Bread is nice and thick and chewy. thin crust pizzas are amazing - especially LOVE the one with potato and sausage - mmm, carb on top of carb, what can be better?  remarkably the zucchini egg drop soup (can't remember what it's called) was sooo good, I even tried making it at home and got pretty close (add good parmesan cheese).  The pastas are hard to describe - homestyle but not the usual red sauce. Lots of butternut squash and just simply delicious. The waiters always have a long list of specials committed to memory - everything is just so good but try the dishes cooked in paper/tin foil. Can't say enough, everything is good. Go to the italian pastry place a few doors down afterwards for really good rainbow cookies, italian ice (yum) and cannolis.  Oh, and really interesting architecture: you walk through a hallway and enter like an indoor courtyard.
I was supposed to come here with a friend after visiting the botanical garden, but that was a set-up between my friend and my boyfriend because he proposed to me on that day. We actually went to another place to celebrate but I stopped by here recently during my lunch and I must say we should have gone here!!! Pros: - beautiful place- the sunlit glow from the roof gives the place a cultivated vibe. - I had the margherita pizza and it is the best in the bronx. I have tried many places in the bronx nothing really tops this. - Service- servers are very attentive and polite. Cons- I found none
This is for service.  I didn't even get to eat here.  Seemed highly rated online.  We went after a wake at 5:30 with the deceased's 85 year old father, and told them we would be 10 people, and we would be out of there at 7 pm becuase we had to be back at the funeral home.  They would not let us sit until everyone was there.  The place was EMPTY.  I protested, that the others were coming and we would all be out of there in an hour and a half so we couldn't wait.  The 85-year-old had to lean against the bar for 10 minutes.  So we called to our family  and said, "OK, we'll go to Mario's across the street", where they let stagger in.  We spent $500 in an hour and a half.  Not sure what the issue was there, but people should use their brains.  We would have been out before the dinner rush.  Will not go back on principle, though I would have liked to try it.
hands down the best quality italian i have had on arthur ave. long time Fordham student, have tried enzo's, roberto's, ann & tony's, but z.o.n. tops them all. its a combination of the fresh food, atmosphere, and unparalleled service. i highly recommend the seafood risotto. ask for Genno, he'll take care of you!
Wonderful atmosphere...perfect! Very cozy...My boyfriend had the veal cutlet, which he honestly was not crazy about...but he does not eat veal often.  I had the risotto special which was delicious!  Service was superb...For dessert the cannoli was fabulous  :)
Such a cute little place. My friend was visiting and I have been wanting to try some new eats on arthur ave for awhile. WE decide, based on yelp reviews that zero otto is a good bet. We arrive a little past five and are quickly seated. the host and the bartender are both warm, professional and wish us a happy meal. The wait staff are very quick to bring my kid a water in a plastic cup (without me even asking) as well as the bread basket. They clearly deal with a lot of kids.  Really loving how bright the place looks becasue of the skylight. We decided to each get a glass of wine. my friend goes with the pinot grigio and I go with the noir. They are both nice, but the noir is definitely the better choice. Really sweet for a noir, but so delicious. We go with the quattro formaggio and the caprese pizzas. They are both really yummy, but I personally preferred the caprese because of the argula really helped balance out some of the heavier components of the pizza. all the wait staff were quick, courteous, and did a fantastic job. We also really liked how they source their cheese from the deli down the street. It's great to see businesses in the community really work together. Loved our meal and I can't wait to go back.
this happens to be one of the best Italian places i have eaten in . Lamb Osso Bucco OMG ! their pizzas are off the charts as well .
Extremely tasty savory traditional Italian food on Arthur ave.  Possibly the best way to describe eating here is: even after you have eaten your meal, you will have a major case of " food envy" as you see what other patrons will soon get to devour!!!  On our way out we were all gawking at the yummy food being served. Everything from the pasta, fish dishes and pizza were delicious. We gladly recommend and will return.
Its hard to give this place 4 stars when they serve you such a disappointing dish. I was here three days ago, early on a Saturday night. I had read so many reviews here on Yelp and other local NYC publications.  I chose 089 because it didn't seem to be another red sauce tourist Italian place.  It is not.  It did, however, play me like a fool when they served me their risotto special.  I wasn't going to order risotto, I was more inclined to order the pasta as they claim it is fresh and made in the neighborhood.  But when  the waiter described the risotto with cannellini beans, asiago and drizzled with truffle oil, I had to succumb.  What came out however, was not "risotto". At least not what any self-respecting cook would describe risotto, and that is a dish made with ARBORIO rice.  Arborio lends a creaminess, a texture to the dish that complements the flavors within.  What I got was long-grained rice. Plain and simple.  ANd not very good long-grained rice.  The dish wasn't even out of the waiter's hand when I told him "this is not risotto". "oh yes, senora, this is the risotto special," he replied.  "no, " I repeated, "risotto is made with Arborio rice, a short grain rice. You cannot stretch out arborio rice to make it look like this rice. This is not arborio"   He told me that this was all the rice they had. I shook my head.  To his credit (certainly not Roberto's, the owner) he came back from the kitchen a few minutes later, repeated that it was the only rice they had, and asked if I would like something else. He did not try to tell me that it was arborio rice.  I declined his offer as most of the people at the table were well into their dinners and I didn't want to keep them waiting.  Its too bad. The dish was tasty, but it certainly wasn't eye rolling; it was lacking the proper texture.  The other dishes at the table got thumbs up. The pasta was indeed fresh; the arugula salads simple but not skimpy. My grilled portobello was fine- nothing I couldn't make at home, but decent.  My husband's pork was "great".  Echoing other's reviews, the staff was terrific.  The atmosphere also quite nice.  Just couldn't believe that an Italian owner/chef would allow a "risotto" to be served in such a way. If he had ordered it at a restaurant, I'm sure he'd be stewing!
Ventured into this establishment on the recommendation of an old friend, an Italian buddy from High School days, and by all indications, a food enthusiast, who frequently travels to Italy and posts about his meals, but I have to say this was a  disappointing experience. Perfunctory service, bland or else overly salty entrees, excessively huge and unrefined portions, and triple digit prices. The Buratta appetizer was the highlight - delicate, flavorful and freshly made, served on a bed of arugula and surrounded by cherry tomatoes and caper-berries.  The Polenta and meatballs appetizer was also passable, but it was drenched in a red sauce and I am not that much of a red-sauce fan. The room was great - the best part of meal - you enter the restaurant and encounter a pizzeria, with a totally, obnoxiously, overly loud, flat screen TV displaying and hollering the latest international soccer game - REALLY offputting.  But if you wait it out, you are led down a narrow corridor to an open room with skylight and hand painted scenes of Italian village streets along the walls, and posters of Italian concerts and media events, coupled with rough wooden tables and a tile floor -- all of which really lends a feeling of being in Italy. Perhaps that is why my friend likes this place.     I get it about the room but to me, this place was kind of a rip-off and a tourist trap.   And I think I know good Italian when it happens.  I have enjoyed a plate of  Cacco e' Pepe, the most pedestrian of dishes, plus some House Red, and the local Bread Basket, in a small hole-in-the-wall Trattoria in Sienna, that far surpassed anything served to me today. If you read all the 5 star reviews, it's usually about the room, and if it is about the food, it's about the pizza, which in fairness, I did not try, or else the quantity not the quality, or else about how attentive the waiters were (which was not the case during my visit).  You have to read between the lines of all these reviews, to gauge the knowledgeability of the reviewers.   Please note: They do not take American Express, which I thought was a bit ornery, especially if you are robbing me already with gratuitous pricing for a mediocre meal. Bottom line - Diner beware - this place is just mediocre, and dresses it up with decor and ambience.  And maybe the pizza is OK.
I love Roberto...he did my rehearsal dinner for my wedding and is an amazing chef and person...so maybe this review is biased (but I will try to be as objective as possible).  I've eaten at Roberto's and Zero Otto Nove more times than I can count and is it absolutely perfect every time and has everything I've eaten the best thing I've ever put in my mouth?  No...but if I look at the sum of all the times I've eaten brick oven pizza at Zero Otto Nove compared to brick oven pizza elsewhere there's really no comparison!  This is simply the best over all brick oven pizza I've ever had!  The pizza is incredible, the crust is super thin, and chewy and crisp at the same time and the toppings are really fresh and amazing and all work well together.  Right now I'm on a caprese kick (fresh mozzarella with cherry tomatoes and arugula and Parmesan shavings) but for awhile it was the divola (a simple fresh mozzarella with tomato sauce and hot sopresetta) I can go on and on...The pasta and meat/fish is very good (better at Roberto's IMHO) and the appetizers are lovely...but come here for the pizza because everything else is an afterthought.  This pizza is simply addictive.  If you want a wonderful and super authentic Italian meal (I mean not your typical red sauce but a meal that understands the nuances of putting different flavor profiles together) then go to Robertos (another review for another day) but if you want an appetizer or two with some BANGING brick oven pizza this is really as good as it gets!
THIS is the real deal. I thought I stepped into a time machine when I entered this building. As soon as you walk in your greeted and as soon as your group arrives they will take you to the back as you make your way through the tight spaces you end up in a dining room  that looks so old and rustic made you feel like you were in italy. They give you bread to munch on and they give you some olive oil to dip it in and WOW you could seriously taste the olives from that oil. Finally the pizza selection was pretty extensive hard to choose from. I went with a butternut squash which was fabulous. Also tried the fig pizza both were delicious. The service was excellent and no complaints here. I had the butternut squash pizza,fig pizza and there gelato all were 10/10 Seriously this place is my new standard for 5 stars.
I was blown away by Zero Otto Nove.  I wanted to take my colleagues to lunch for their birthdays, which are a few days apart.  We have been to many of the other haunts on Arthur Ave for lunch and I wanted to try something different, something a little nicer.  I called ahead to see what the deal was - they open at Noon for lunch, they don't take reservations, they fill up quickly.  We arrived a few minutes after 12 and were led through a narrow Venice-like corridor to the back room which has a feeling of an open-aired courtyard.  There are murals and skylights and a prominently placed stone pizza oven.   The menu is diverse and contains all of your favorite Italian specialties.  We decided to share a few appetizers (caprese and mini meatball) and we each had a small pizza.  I had La Riccardo pizza (butternut squash, mozzarella, pancetta and basil) and I have to say it is one of the top 3 pizzas i've had in my life.  My colleagues were pleased with their pizza choices too!  We decided to celebrate their birthdays with cannolis - we'd typically go to Madonia Brothers but decided to stay seated and have dessert at 089.  Good call because the cannoli was delicious; their plating made it a nice finale to the meal. I also have to say that we all took half of our respective pizzas home. When we convened later that week we all talked about how divine the pizza was as leftovers. IF I have to find one fault, I think that it was obvious that we were type A lunchers.  We were definitely out for a special lunch but weren't able to stay ALL day.  The food came out quickly but they seemed to falter when it came time to bringing the check, collecting the credit card, and bringing the receipts back.  At that point of the outing the wait was incredibly painful.
Smiling as you notice  the little blue Fiat sidewalk parked just left to the restaurant entrance you are then escorted passed the small bar area through a narrow passageway into a large bright dining area with high ceiling and various Italian posters. Welcome to Italy via Arthur Avenue in the Bronx! We started with the thin crusted Margherita Pizza. The soft crust perfectly complimented the flavorful sauce and fresh mozzarella - both of which was wonderfully distributed. While I'm prone to thick crusted - this was the best thin crusted pie I've tasted in a while. For mains we shared two orders of pasta  with w/Porcini, baked cherry red tomatoes and smoked mozzarella. Tasteful comfort food as the mushroom and mozzarella worked well together there was plenty left to take home. Service was fine as waiters in their black and whites are all over - friendly and courteous.The dining area is loud and voices may need to be raised to hear your counterpart. Along with Roberto's and Dominick's - Zero Otto Nove is certainly one of your better dining options when visiting Arthur Avenue.
One of the best Italian restaurants I have been to!  Went here this past Saturday evening for dinner with Chris and my friend from college and her boyfriend.  We had just gone to the Bronx Zoo for the day and wanted to check out Arthur Avenue.  We saw there was a bit of a wait, but decided to try our luck.  Even the bar was full.  We waited for about 30 minutes for a table for 4-then we were seated upstairs.   It really looks authentic inside-like they're trying to bring you back to Italy, even with some posters on the walls.  The music was nice and the inside walls had windows with shutters inset into the walls.  You can see the wood-burning stove popping out home-made, original pizzas.  It smelled so good in there! We had good servers, and they told us the specials (there were many).  Chris and split the mussels appetizer, and the other couple split the mozzarella, tomato, pepper and basil appetizer.  Chris and Sara's bf got pizzas (Margherita and the one with all the meat on it).  Sara and I both got the same salad-pear with goat cheese, really fresh!  We also all had Blue Moons. It could be that the ambiance contributed, but this was a glorious place and we really want to come back.  Looking forward to Ferragosto!
The decor in this Arthur Ave. sweet spot for Italian is adorable. The hallway to the back dining room is like an old Italian alley, with stone and wood details. In the back, it looks as if you are in the courtyard between a bunch of buildings. There are posters on the wall advertising music and sporting events in Italian, and the murals are all from floor to ceiling. The food was delicious-- I had the butternut squash soup, which could easily be an overpriced version of the stuff you get in the box at the store, but this was nothing like it. It was brothy, with chunks of butternut squash, some greens, beans, and pasta. The fresh mozzarella was the topic of numerous conversations throughout the day-- how does it get so phenomenal? I highly recommend this spot if you are looking for a sit-down meal in the Bronx. It's a moderate walk to the Botanical Gardens and Zoo. Getting there is the trickiest part!
Their pizza is better than other places i've been to. So, to me, that's a good sign.
The food was good and the waiter was good. The hostess Heather was very rude. I almost walked out of the restaurant after dealing with her. I stayed because it came  highly recommended. She is very bad for your business.
Wow.  Just love this place.  The staff could be nicer.  They seem stuck up.  Loosen up people.  Great food.  Had the braised short rib special with sweet cherry peppers.  My god!
We shared the following for our meal here: arugula salad, cavatelli al tegamino, pizza special (zucchini & burrata), and profiteroles. We came here because of the great reviews on Yelp and we were not disappointed. We were seated in the main area on the first floor right near the wood fired oven. There is a huge skylight and it was a brilliantly sunny day so it bathed the room in a glorious glow.  Even for lunch, you receive 5 star service- the waiter (Geno) served us a slice of pizza at a time even though the plate of pizza was right at the table. He came by after we finished our slices and offered to serve the second pieces. He called me "Bella" which I loved. :-) He was really great as were the rest of the staff. We had to have a pizza because it was made in a wood fired oven and you can't beat wood fired oven pizza. The crust was perfect! The only thing I didn't love was the profiteroles, but I should have know. I had one last try at Italian pastries, but I'm just not a fan of the dry flavorless pastry, even covered with chocolate sauce- the chocolate sauce was good though. I'll stick with French pastries! If you are in the area and considering Trattoria Zero Otto Nove, then stop thinking and just go!
What a great and unexpectedly good dinner we had here on Saturday night.  Went here with my other half after the Evening Orchids show at the NY Botanical Gardens and left full and very happy with our meal. Ambiance - There is a nice bar up in the front.  Very friendly bartender with a good selection of wines and liquors.  We waited at the bar for about 15 minutes while a table opened up, boy were we surprised when we were taken to the main dining room in the back.  It's very open and lively.  The place itself if meant to make you feel like you're in Italy.  A little gimmicky at the edges, but a nice look and feel overall. Service - Bar service up front was good, as was our dinner service.  Our main waiter was missing for a little bit, but the water and bus boys filled in when needed, which was fine. Food -   We started with some bread while we waited.  It was nice and warm and very tasty.  Olive oil and vinegar were good too. We decided to share a pizza and a pasta dish.  Here's what we got: - Pizza - We ordered the potato and sausage pizza (no red sauce).  It was delicious!  It was just the right thickness for a brick oven pizza (some places make them too thin and they burn - not this place).  It was cooked to perfection! - Pasta - We ordered the Pasta al Forno.  It's an oven baked dish with meatballs.  While the meatballs were on the smaller side, the taste they, and the entire dish, packed was top notch.   Can't wait to go back and try some other plates in the near future.   Note:  They don't take AMEX.  They take other cards though.
Seriously one of the best Italian restaurants I've ever been to.  A friend set us up on a date all around the Bronx, and it ended with dinner here - definitely the highlight of the day.  I would certainly be back, and I'd love to try the one downtown, too. We had a bit of a wait, so after wandering around Arthur Avenue and checking out the bakeries, we sidled up to the bar.  I ordered the Chianti, which was fine and served in a generous portion.  The bartender was very friendly, even checking up on the wait for a few of the people sitting at the bar.   We were seated upstairs, which was quiet and more intimate than the downstairs area, and our waiter was fantastic.  Very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  The bread basket was just okay: I really loved the foccacia, but the rest of the bread wasn't anything special, and when I asked for more of the foccacia, they brought out more of everything.  Our appetizer, the Zucca, Salsiccia e Gorgonzola was a really nice mixture of butternut squash, sausage and gorgonzola cheese that the waiter skillfully served directly onto our plates. For entrees, we ordered the La Cirilo pizza and the Linguini al Nero di Seppia e Calamari with spicy tomato sauce.  The calamari was perfectly cooked.  I've never had it so tender before.  And the pizza was just perfect.  I don't think I've ever enjoyed something so much as I did this pizza.  The butternut squash was the perfect consistency, and the truffle oil exquisitely complimented the dish.  Combined with a thin, charred crust that had a rare combination of crisp and softness, the La Cirilo is definitely on my top-ten list of favorite dishes. The prices felt reasonable for the quality of the food and service, and the atmosphere was relaxed and inviting.  I can't wait for my next visit!
After soaking up an early afternoon Fordham basketball game a couple of blocks and a campus away, about 12 of us walked into Zero Otto Nove knowing exactly what we were getting into. If I was seven years old I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between the interior of this restaurant and a trip to Epcot. But cutting to the chase, the pizza I ordered contained the following ingredients: pureed butternut squash (as the sauce), fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, and truffled cream. I almost wept. As a bonus, they were cool with us drunk assholes being generally merry. Everyone around us seemed to be having a choice time as well. Even the staff was stoked to be there - I'm sure of it. Some of the best pizza I have ever had. Hyperbole at perhaps its truest.
Went here on a double date. Really amazing atmosphere. Our party had a glass of wine while we waited for our table to get ready. Great wine, and as we were showed to our table you walk through a narrow hallway which takes you into the main dining hall which is enormous with high ceilings and a burning oven where all the pizzas are made. It's not for decor, this ain't the Macaroni Grill, this is the real deal. Low lighting, que romantica! We ordered two pizzas and I honestly don't remember what we ordered (a lot of wine) but it was awesome. Just ask your server what his favorite pie is because he knows what he's talking about. We had an amazing time! I can't wait to go back again.
You do not get more authentic Neapolitan than this in the city. My pizza travels have taken me across the length and breadth of the five boroughs, and beyond. They have allowed me to discover this great city in ways that my previous 7 years did not. I did not realize that the tourist trap called Little Italy in Manhattan pales in comparison to the Arthur Avenue section of the Bronx that also bears that name. Even though perhaps few Italian Americans actually live in either section, it was abundantly clear that they actually do come in to shop at the many bakeries, grocery stores, etc. and dine in the pizzerias and restaurants in and around Arthur Avenue. Zero Otto Nove (089) is the area code for the owner-chef's place of origin, Salerno. As I made my way past the front bar and through a narrow, arched passageway I came to a high ceiling dining room, centered around a brick, wood-burning pizza oven. The seating area is skylit and muraled, and resembles more a Broadway set for a medieval Italian Piazza. The Trattoria is generally filled with Italian speaking patrons who know each other and are often talking to someone across the room. The servers are also Italian, mostly FOBs (Fresh off the boat) and usually in their teens. When Zero Otto Nove was launched earlier in the year, the wood burning oven was manned by the pizzaiolo Ricardo, who had quite a reputation in Salerno. He spread Zero Otto Nove's fame with his pizza wizardry leading to the restaurant being featured as one of the best pizzas in the country. While Ricardo has since left for home, Zero Otto Nove is still churning out fantastic pizzas. I've been here on more than a couple occasions, and thought that their quality was consistent. Thin crust pizza, well charred (not too much, but not burnt) at the bottom, crisp, but airy at the edges. Compared to Luzzo's I found it a bit thinner in the middle, less airy and a bit crisper. The creamy mozzarella is one of the richest and freshest that one is likely to find, the basil and olive oil are perhaps the best coordinated in the city. Usually I have found that either pizzas are bathed in olive oil (even the great Dom is guilty of it at Di Fara) or the basil is withered because it is too dry. 089 manages both of these elements perfectly. The one weak link is perhaps the tomato sauce, which has been somewhat bland on occasion. Nevertheless, all of the elements of a great Margherita pizza come together almost perfectly. This is an exceptional pie. The service is polite and attentive. My glass has been filled promptly, the bread brought to the table at the earliest, and all my queries attended to with courtesy. Compared to Luzzo's Italian staff, I find those at 089 to be more proficient in the English language. Comparisons to Luzzo are inevitable, and I have to say that other than the pizza which is almost comparable (Luzzo's a bit ahead), Zero Otto Nove is far better on all other counts. Their pastas are some of the best in the city, and that is to be expected with the owner also running the famed Bronx restaurant, Roberto's. I have found their desserts to be much superior as well. I liked the Pastiera (Italian Ricotta Cheese Cake with candied fruit) more (better textural variations), and the Tiramisu was also the most superior version of all the pizzerias I've dined at. It's been a while that I thought that not just the mascarpone cream, but the ladyfingers were also executed exceptionally well. I can not endorse Zero Otto Nove enough. Sure, the round trip travel time adds up, but then you will not have to wait a couple of hours for your table, that is inevitable at a great pizzeria in the city. And, even though 089's ambiance and surroundings might suggest that the fat lady is about to sing, rest assured that the pizza travels continue :)
Whenever people rave about Little Italy in Manhattan, I have the overwhelming urge to roofie their drink*, and drag them to Zero Otto Nove in Belmont, the Little Italy of the Bronx..because it's that good/better than Manhattan. And take this as you may, but I am comforted by the fact that the waiters speak with heavy Italian accents and can actually recommend appropriate and affordable wines from the various regions (it doesn't hurt that they're eye-candy, too)...especially when you're sharing an hand-tossed, chewy-crusted, brick-oven baked soppresseta, mozz  and basil pizza with a perfect bottle of chilled Lambrusco as an appetizer... ..followed by the two entrees we split from the daily specials menu; fall-off-the-bone tender osso buco with risotto alla milanese, rigatoni tossed in a light herb sauce with mushrooms, peas and artichokes, and the butteriest bottle of Syrah in my price range. The best part about this place is knowing that even though we looked like death and probably smelled worse after a LOOOONG day at the Bronx zoo, somehow the open air, skylight adorned atrium added a comfortable casualness to our 5:30pm-ish meal. When all is said and done, did I mean to drop a Benjamin and a half on a solid early dinner for two that left me stuffed stupid? No...but that won't stop me from doing it again soon (only next time with less wine.**) *But I never would...or would I? :::raises eyebrow::: **Who am I kidding?
This used to be our go-to place for friends visiting from Manhattan.  With great decor and outstanding pizza, we could overlook the bad accoustics that make conversation difficult and the terrible waiters who try every trick in the book to upsell you.  Granted, the cheesy pushes for bottled water tended to make us uncomfortable, but when the pizza is this creative, who cares? That ended a few months ago.  My wife and I took some of our closest friends to Zero Otto Nove for pizzas, appetizers and conversation.  My wife picked out a bottle of mid-priced wine ($36), and we ordered the food.  A few minutes later, the waiter came back, pointed at a wine and asked my wife if that was what she had ordered. At the time, my 3-year old daughter was acting up, so my wife glanced at the menu, noted the vineyard, and the fact that the wine name started with a B and nodded her head. The meal was great, although the wine was watery and unable to stand up to the spicy food.  Still, at $36, we weren't about to complain.  When the $407 check came, we thought they were joking.  On closer investigation, we discovered that they had given us their most expensive bottle of wine, a Bruno Giacosa Falletto Barolo 2001, priced at $315. We had ordered a Bruno Giacosa Barbera d'Alba. We called over the Maitre d and waiter, both of whom were perched nearby (waiting for this to happen, perhaps?).  We talked over the problem with them.  We asked them to call the boss, but they claimed that that was impossible.  We asked them to let us pay the wholesale price, but that was impossible.  We asked them to let us go next door to the wine store that they owned, so we could buy a bottle of the wine and replace the one we had drank.  That, apparently, was impossible, too. We pointed out that we were regulars, and probably spent $100+ per month at the restaurant.  We noted that, if they didn't give us a break, we wouldn't be back.  They didn't, and we haven't.
What a great find in the Bronx!  Well, I guess it is not really a "find" as it seems that everyone knows about the place and when we got there early into dinner service on a Saturday evening, it was packed. The decor was upscale, but still casual.  Unlike many of the restaurants on this street, 0-8-9 has not been there for 50 years.  The interior is sleek and fairly modern, with a nice marble bar up front, a long hall, with a spacious dining room in the back.  The crowd was also different than the other "establishment" restaurants on Arthur Ave - it was a young, well dressed crowd. Not to fear, as the friendly hostesses took our name and suggested we have a drink at the bar.  The bar was jamming, lots of people having pre-dinner drinks.  When a large group got up from the bar for dinner, we swooped in and grabbed some seats, deciding to eat at the bar. The bartender was great - knowledgeable and attentive - without being overbearing.  We started of with drinks - a glass of wine (a nice heavy pour, BTW) and a Plymouth gin & tonic.  The fact they have Plymouth is unbelievable and wonderful at the same time. We started off with an appetizer of broccoli rabe, which was amazing.  My wife got a trio of meat in a dish with a rich tomato sauce.  The 3 meats were meatballs, beef braciole, and pork skin braciole.  She made short work of that dish, she absolutely loved it.  I had one of their amazing Neapolitan pizzas.  I ordered the margarita and added sausage.  It was absolutely fantastic!! The sauce and cheese were delicious, but the crust...ohhhh the crust!  Chewy and crusty all at the same time.  People like to drone on and on about how good (average at best, IMO) NYC pizza is, etc.  The pizza at 0-8-9 is way ahead of almost any other pizza in NYC.  No questions asked. Our dining experience was incredible from start to finish.  I can't wait to go back.
"But I don't want to go to the Bronx today!" I cried plaintively at the rest of my family. They wanted to take a field trip on one of my days off to the Montefiore Medical Center, where I'll be spending a huge chunk of the next four years for my job. Why would I want to spend even *more* time there when I didn't need to? "I want to see your hospital," my sister said firmly. "Besides," she added, "then we can go to Arthur Avenue." Arthur Avenue! A mythical land, inordinately difficult to access by public transit... As far from me as Camelot or Numenor. But for years, I've been raring to visit this heir to Manhattan's now irrevocably hokey Little Italy. While NYC has its share of wonderful, high-minded Italian restaurants, truly high-quality old-school Italian-American is a more elusive thing. My sister knew that the mere mention of the neighborhood would inspire me. So we piled in the car and drove over. For lunch proper, we settled on Zero Otto Nove -- henceforth referred to as 089, the translation for the name. It greets you with a small bar in a gratuitously large atrium, a flaunting of the land available in the Bronx compared to the sardine-can lots of Manhattan. The dining room put a smile on my face as soon as I walked in. It's a simulation of an Italian courtyard, weathered stone and large-scale faux frescos surrounding wooden tables. Structurally superfluous arches add some visual interest, and a distinctly non-superfluous brick oven occupies one corner of the room. All of this might strike one as overly Epcotty, but a large skylight lets the sun in so bewitchingly (at least at lunchtime) that one is likely to forgive a lot. Or at least I am. Still, it didn't have that same old-world patina that many other eateries on Arthur Avenue clearly have, making it an odd choice for a first foray into the area. I'd picked it because I'd heard good things about their Neapolitan pizza, made in the aforementioned oven. The margherita pie we ordered went in that oven and came out nearly instantly, testament to the oven's operating temperature. I eyed it warily as it arrived steaming at our table: how good could it be compared to a Motorino, a Keste, a Co.? Pretty damned good, it turns out. Motorino's has better mouth feel, Keste's has more interesting char, Co.'s has a more flavorful crust... But I'd still put 089 in a blind taste test with any of them. The sauce tilts to the sweet side, the crust soft, the mozzarella (sourced from across the street) nicely tangy. I was reminded of Franny's estimable margherita: no single element dominating, each ingredient fuses into a well-conceived whole. That I can even mention 089 in the same breath as these others is quite a compliment from me. But 089 is from the same man behind the more upscale Roberto's in the area, and so has a more ambitious menu than any of those other places (excepting perhaps Franny's). The margherita was a mere amuse-bouche for our full order of starters. An antipasto plate benefitted from all the Italian markets in the immediate area, with prosciutto that sublimated on the tongue and olives far more subtle that most. Meatballs, loosely packed and surprisingly dainty, were finely paired with triangles of polenta. And a special grilled octopus appetizer actually made me double-take: its deceptively simple appearance on the plate belied the sheer creaminess of the cephalopod. It was the best octopus dish I'd had since 15 East's slow-poached version. (You know I'm being blown away when I'm comparing an Italian-American dish to something at one of the finest Japanese restaurants in NYC.) But we weren't done! We got pastas, too. A squid ink linguini had just the right amount of ink and a nice undertone of spice, but the calamari itself was a touch rubbery. No complaints whatsover about a "pasta al forno", though: a madhouse baked ziti of dreams with meatballs, soppressata, and hard-boiled egg. And a mafalde pasta with porcini dish was a riot of flavor, the ruffled noodles taking up the mushroom bomb of a sauce as it all happily melded with smoked mozzarella. The al dente school might have failed these dishes -- in Italian-American fashion, they were all on the more cooked side -- but I found them all hearty and delicious. Of course 089 doesn't have the ambitions of a Scarpetta, a Marea, even a Motorino. But that's not what Arthur Avenue is for, what the Bronx is for, what Italian-American cuisine is for. 089 delivers a crazy amount of hits in a setting that manages to be charming almost despite itself. I can hardly imagine being more compelled by an eatery in this genre, and though I have not previously given 5 stars to any establishment I've only been to once, I do so now without qualms. Did I mention the pizza was damned good? Probability of return within 1 year: 20%, but only this low because Arthur Ave is so out of the way; if I'm actually there again, then 80%
What a great place to have lunch in the dead of Winter!  Our fresh, hot pizzas had light, chewy crusts and the dining room's high ceiling, skylight, and open feel made you as comfortable as if you were dining in a courtyard on a nice Spring day. There is a nice bar in the front, which I would definitely visit regularly if I lived in the neighborhood, and an elegant looking chandeliered dining area upstairs as well. My grilled pear and goat cheese salad was awesome, as was my cappuccino, and the non-pizza menu also sounded quite delicious. I shall return.
I really need to make my way up to this neighborhood more often! I was in the Fordham area for a friend's graduation, and she picked this wonderful trattoria for lunch afterwards. I felt like I was walking into a trattoria in Italy. Wonderful, kind of rustic decor with an open wood brick oven. The menu has everything; appetizers, salads, pizza, pasta, proteins. This place is perfect for a large group as there will likely be something to satisfy each person's unique taste. Everything I tried I absolutely loved. I ordered a pizza, couldn't help myself, I love potato pizza. When I lived in Rome & Florence that is all I would ever order! Delicious, and this one was no exception. Perfectly cooked, well balanced and I was actually able to finish the whole thing (except for maybe some pieces of crust) PATATE SALSICCIA E PROVOLA - Sliced potatoes, sausage, smoked mozzarella Some of the things I tasted were: LA RICCARDO PIZZA - Butternut squash puree, smoked mozzarella, pancetta, basil PASTA AL FORNO - Baked fusilli with meatbails, soppressata, ricotta mozzarella, sliced egg, tomato sauce RISOTTO Special - Peas, sausage, mushrooms. The butternut squash pizza was so unique with the combination of ingredients and tasted so comforting, warm and smooth. Delicious. The pasta al forno was also very good though my friends complained about the egg that seemed to be randomly placed on that dish for no apparent reason. The risotto special was spectacular. I wish I could have had room to eat both my pizza and this risotto! The service was very good and efficient, water glasses constantly being filled and we did not feel pressured to order up quickly, eat and leave despite what seemed like a full house that day. Although they do not take reservations, you can call ahead to have your name placed on the list. Just remember you'll only be seated once everyone in your party is present!
Roberto Paciullo (Roberto's) has opened another restaurant in the heart of Little Italy in the Bronx.  The brick oven pizzas (around $13 for individual pies) are spectacular, with a wide variety of pastas, entrees, desserts and wines as well.  Ingredients are incredibly fresh.  It's a little pricier than some of the neighboring Arthur Ave. establishments, but their service and ambiance make for a wonderful dining experience if you're willing to make the uptown trek. Note: No website yet, and they only take reservations for large groups.
I've done the NYC pizza thing full-tilt: from the dive pizza joint  at 4am (to soak up booze) to the fancy napkins and table service (to snootily judge.) Lombardi's, Patsy's, Fornino, Grimaldi's, Arturo's...I've stuffed my face at all. The one conclusion I've come to is this: everyone's idea of the perfect pizza is different. Mine is the stuff sweaty Italian men would be shoveling out of an oven on a tiny street in Italy. Authentic, fresh, simple and FABULOUS. Finally I can put an end to the constant probing, the researching, the love handles. Trattoria Zero Otto Nove hits the mark in every way. It is The Best Pizza I Have Ever Had (cue confetti). And it's nestled in the Little Italy of the Bronx, ma certo! The brick oven itself has been transported from Salerno, Italy, where the owner of this spot hails from. Mercy! It doesn't get more Italian than that. The crust was chewy, charred and crumbled under the weight of the fresh mozzeralla (made daily from the cheese shop down the street). The sauce was sweet and busting with ripe tomato flavor. A 10" personal pie is just enough to leave a lasting impact. Like, forever n' ever. Well, at least till I get to Naples.
I really wasn't that impressed with this place after all the build up of Arthur Avenue and its authentic Italian fare.  The pizzas which we ordered as starters were probably the highlight of the meal (we got a Margarita and a pizza with a sweet potato puree and truffle).  Of our 4 entrees, one of us was happy and the other 3 of us almost sent them back.  I ordered chicken parmesan expecting breaded chicken with a hot fresh tomato sauce made from San Marzano - that topped with fresh mozzarella.  What they do is soak some breaded chicken in olive oil and put cold diced tomatoes on top with a touch of cheese.  Its weird and really not appealing.  My brother ordered a calzone.. and what would you expect with a calzone?  Sauce and cheese, right?  Nope, stuffed with vegetables and NO sauce and NO cheese.  It was nasty.  The waiter was rushing around the place, unfriendly, and didn't explain the menu or the wines.  He didn't help the experience at all.  I feel that if we ordered the right dishes it would have been a better experience but even so, I won't be rushing back to this place.
It's rare I would give any place the exceptional 5 star rating.  And it's even more rare that I come across such exceptionally good food that it changes how I view the world and deserves the exceptional 5 star rating.  Zero Otto Nove has outdone itself. I was brought here to enjoy a celebratory 30th birthday meal with my boyfriend, and it was a meal any girl could have dreamed. The scene: There is no where else I would rather find myself eating than a warm, rustic dining room.   From their high ceilings with sky lights that let in so much natural lighting during the day you don't need to turn the lights on, brick oven, and farm tables, I immediately felt at home. The foods: And at home, is exactly where I felt with this cooking.  We decided to share a pizza, pasta, and entree dish. The Pizza: "La San Matteo" - Broccoli rabe, sausage, and the finest homemade mozzarella this side of the Atlantic. - this is a white pizza that makes you forget to even look for the tomatoes.  Every bite was perfect flavored to make my taste buds dance.  Some white pizzas come out so dry.  Zero Otto Nove comes out with just enough succulence that even the crust can hold up.  I initially questioned the cheese and toppings ratio to dough, but the dough is so light and air, with just the right amount of crisp to it, that those fears were long gone. The pasta: All their pastas are handmade.We went for their pasta special which was these thick half spaghetti styled pasta, in a basil and tomato sauce, topped with burrata cheese which was heavenly.  The presentation was amazing, as  the waiter came out with the pasta wrapped in tin foil and a le cruesette.  He unwrapped the pasta and spooned it into the red le cruesette.  Wow.  Even more exceptional was the way it tasted.  Every bite of that pasta was truly a birthday gift to remember.   The entree: We had the pork special, which was the pork on the bone, slow cooked that just pulled right off the bone and came apart without the need for a knife, topped with a tomato sauce and a side of risotto and beans.  I could sing praises of this dish forever. Our service: We had a waiter that knew his stuff.  He was initially standoffish, but once we got his flow, we were ok with it.  We would order a dish, and he would listen to our order and then say "no, you have to try something better, let me tell you what our specials are."  But he got us.  We went with the two specials recommendations and were completely blown away.  Everything was timed right, the staff was attentive enough to clear our dishes as soon as we were done with them and bring out the next dish.  It was great. I would definitely recommend Zero Otto Nove, especially at the prices you can afford.  I would have to admit that this might be the next restaurant of greatness that I will have to bring everyone that's here for a visit, to really get exceptional Italian food when visiting the Metropolitan area.  Don't change a thing, Zero Otto Nove, especially your pizza.
Biggest mystery? Why this place thinks it is too good for reservations. My parents and I had a lovely dinner here back in the fall of 07'. I don't remember what I ate, but I know it was delicious, and that we were all dazzled by Chaz Palminteri's looming presence on the other side of the "piazza." It left a good impression, and I've wanting to go back ever since. Last weekend, I thought I'd have a nice birthday dinner with friends at Zero Otto Nove. I called twice to make sure that a party of 15 would not be a problem at 6:00 on a Saturday, and was assured that we would be accommodated. The hostess was equally confident when we arrived, but explained that we could not be seated until everyone arrived. It's a bit of a trek up to Arthur Ave for a good number of my friends, and the final stragglers didn't make it until just before 6:30. We then waited patiently for a table until 8:10! They needed to clear two tables in order to seat us,  and they clearly seated a new party at one of those tables before us, rather than holding it open for us while the second table finished. We hung out at the bar in front and ordered drinks, but the bartender was "too busy" to ask the kitchen for a bread basket, and the owner did nothing to ease the drawn out wait. Once finally seated, the waiter was rather businesslike, and even asked me for ID when I ordered my drink. Unwise when the cranky, 23 year old birthday girl has been waiting more than two hours for a table!!! Hungry and anxious to get the show on the road, we all cut straight to the chase and ordered entrees. They did not arrive until 9:15. In the mean time, management could have easily made amends by offering us a complimentary plate of antipasto, but this courtesy, like all others, eluded them. I must admit that my pork oso buco, (one of the night's specials), was incredibly tender and tasty, and I also loved the accompanying white bean risotto. However, at that point it was far too little, too late. I was so visibly irritated, we didn't even order birthday cake. I do not understand why they would not seat us when we were there at 6. We would have happily drank wine and ate appetizers while we waited for our stragglers to arrive! The way they handled seating us is just baffling to me! Luckily, my friends were all much better sports about the whole ordeal than I was, and enjoyed themselves. I got a little stressed out, but it is a wonderful thing to be surrounded with friends you love on your birthday, so in retrospect, it didn't put TOO much of a damper on the evening. The food is far too good to give this place two stars, but I was extremely disappointed in the level of service we received, especially at these prices. When I dine out, I expect to be treated as if my time is valuable, and I did not have that experience here. I would still recommend Zero Otto Nove, as the food is among Arthur Ave's most interesting and delicious, on par with Enzo's and Roberto's. Just don't try coming here with a group, be prepared to wait if you get here after 6 on a weekend evening, and be warned: the food may be authentically Italian, but the hospitality is NOT.
Arthur Ave. has such an amazing selection of restaurants to choose from! I love Arthur Ave. because it's like Little Italy in Manhattan but without all of the tourists. It's a fun neighborhood to walk around. Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is one of the best restaurants on the strip. Thanks to our fellow yelpers for the great insight into finding this restaurant. My wife and I arrived at 5:45 on a Saturday night. The wait for a table for two was just under 20 minutes. Not bad considering we did not have reservations. They have a nice white marble bar area in front with limited seating. Checkout the frozen beer tap at the bar, it's very enticing. By the time we left the restaurant, about 7:15 is so, the line to get in this place was down the street. The hostess was very friendly and gave us a pretty accurate estimate on how long of a wait we were going to have. Once seated we both started with a glass of the house Pinot Grigio ($9). Very good, better than average house wine. We followed that with the Polpettine, Polenta & Caprino ($11.95) appetizer. This dish includes small meat balls, spicy tomato sauce, polenta & goat cheese. The combination is so amazing. The meatballs have a lot of flavor. Although the menu said the tomato sauce was spicy we didn't find that to be the case. I highly recommend you try this one if you end up at Trattoria. We shared on appetizer at the waiters' recommendation since we wanted to leave enough room to enjoy our main course. For our main courses we went for two of the daily specials. My wife had the Risotto with sausage and artichoke hearts ($23). The portion size was perfect, maybe even a little too much for my wife. The artichokes were delicious. I had the pork Ossa Bucco ($22) which came with a side of risotto and cannaloni beans. The meat fell off the bone, as it should. Perfectly prepared. The sauce is very well done. I've had this dish in some Manhattan restaurants and paid almost twice that price from the same flavor. Hats off to the chef for an amazing, and affordable, Ossa Bucco. I know this place is also well known for their pizza but we'll have to save that for another visit. We will be back! For dessert I had the Fragola ($7) with fresh strawberries and cream on a biscuit. The perfect ending for me! My wife went for the Biscotti ($6). Hard to go wrong with biscotti in an italian restaurant. I chased it down with a double espresso ($5). The only disappointment was seeing grinds at the bottom of my espresso cup. All in all it was a delicious meal at a fairly reasonable price. This place is very popular and for a good reason. If you happened to be in the area you should give this place a shoot. You can't miss the restaurant, they have a small car (Fiat) parked on the sidewalk out front.
From the same owners as Robertos, this restaurant is more affordable but the food is prepared just as carefully and just as delicious. The service is fantastic and attentive. I recommend this place to anyone who visits NYC. i tell them that it is worth the train ride from Manhattan to eat here or at Robertos. Little Italy in Manhattan has no restaurant with food like this.
In a year where I have been fortunate enough to have some tremendous meals in all corners of the world, this place goes down as my personal  "Find of 2008".  Simply tremendous. I have wanted to go to this place for a while, as I've heard it many, many times mentioned as an answer to that somewhat-rhetorical question of, "Who makes the best pizza in New York?".   This, I'm sorry to disappoint you, is not a question that I dare to tackle in this review, as for every opinion of a place which deserves this honor, there are a thousand people who will disagree.  Let's put this to rest for a moment because, believe it or not:  It's not all about the pizza!  (although the pizza is certainly damn good!) Nestled on Arthur Avnue, Zero Otto Nevo could easily get lost among the rest of the trattorias, pizzarias, "clam houses" and everything else that tries to lure you in with their garlicky aroma.  What you have here, however, is an exceptional, truly-authentic Italian dining experience that you're going to find in few and far places between here and Italy.  The owner is a true Italian, the staff are true Italians and the food makes you want to set fire to every Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill that exist this side of Tuscany.   A group of us made the trek over with one mission:  Taste as much as we could in a single evening.  And that, we most certainly did... We started, of course, with the aforementioned pizza.  Expertly-crafted and finished in their wood-fired oven, the end result meets ethereal levels.  The crust is that absolutely perfect combination of crispy, chewy, slightly salty and tasty.  The toppings are perfectly proportioned, delicious and in many cases, pretty unique.  The Capreicciosa with ham, mushrooms, tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, olives was superb.  The Patate Salsiccia e Provolo with sliced potatoes, sausage, smoked mozzarella made me want to order another.   Is it the best pizza in New York City?  I'll let you decide.  But I have tried all the contenders and this certainly ranks up there, without a doubt. Moving on, a simple salad of arugula, fresh lemon and giant shaved chunks parmigiano reggiano was a great way to clean the palate (and good enough for two).   The sauteed sausage with butternut squash and gorgonzola is similar to something that my grandmother used to make and was simply delicious.   As with most of the menu, the antipasti choices range from the classic to the inventive. For the mains, a simple Pasta al Forno with meatballs was cooked perfectly while the Pollo Capricciosa (a huge piece of breaded, thick, chicken cutlet with fresh mozzarella marinated tomato, pesto) looked like it would be incredibly heavy and over-fried, but was probably the lightest piece of sauteed chicken breast I have ever tasted.  Note:  These dishes are clearly made for sharing. For dessert, a medley was required.  The filling for their classic cannolis was perfect and their fresh, homemade shells melted in your mouth.  Tiramisu was surprisingly light and flavorful and their signature Nutella Pizza was whisked from the wood oven to our table - it was truly unique and delicious.  The espressos, as you might imagine, are perfectly crafted. The atmosphere here is great and is perfect for groups.  The service was incredibly attentive and well-orchestrated.   You could see that dishes moved from kitchen or pizza over to your table within seconds.  The wine list is varied, with all price ranges, and there is a full bar up front if you do have to wait (our wait was 20 minutes at 8:30 on a Saturday).  I believe the closest subway stop is about a mile or so away, so be prepared to hitch a ride or get some sort of bus out there.   ...or just walk.  Or swim up the Harlem River. Because it's definitely worth the effort.
Forget NY style pizza. This place has the best Napolitana style pizza I have had outside of Napoli. Lovely brick oven. Da Michele anybody? The delicate hand-made pasta and anti-pasta are top notch. Anything you order will be amazing. Do not be fooled from the street. Part of this restaurants charm is that it opens up into a cavernous room that you cannot see from the street. Walking in is like being let into a secret or some mafia lair. To add to the appeal the waiters are all straight FOB Arthur Ave. is the best street in the Bronx and the true 'little italy'  of New York. What an awesome few blocks for eating! You will not find more legit Italian food in the whole U.S. than Arthur Ave.
It was a great change of scenery to get dinner in the Bronx rather than Manhattan. The shops and restaurants along Arthur Avenue are far better than anything in Little Italy/SoHo. The ambiance at Zero Otto Nove is quite relaxed and laid back. A hallway leads to spacious dining room with high ceilings, a skylight, and painted walls that bear semblance to a narrow side street you might find in Italy. Because there were six of us, we decided to share two pizzas and one of the specials as starters. We ordered the Margherita and Marinara pizzas - both were very good but the crust was really doughy and was more like "New York" style pizza than thin crust Italian pizza. Our seafood antipasto was good and large enough for the table to share. I ordered the grigliata di pesce, which was grilled shrimp, calamari, langostinos, and octopus. Some of the seafood had a fishy taste and smell to it, which made me question how fresh it actually was. Of course, I liked everyone's dishes better - the butternut risotto squash was rich and had tons of cheese - it was like heaven on earth. The penne was also fresh and delicious. Of course, everyone saved room for dessert. It was too late in the evening to order to nutella pizza, which was a huge disappointment. My tiramisu was alright, but I'm very picky about how dense or creamy it is. Fortunately, no one went overkill with the marscapone and there was plenty of liquor. The fragola alla romana was definitely the best dessert of the bunch - the sweet strawberries and cream were such a treat. The pastiera is basically the southern Italian grain pie served at Easter with all those icky citrons in it, nothing special. Our waiters were patient and very attentive, although one of them almost drowned an iPhone when attempting to refill water glasses. We stayed past closing time, but they weren't too adamant on throwing us out.
Pizza was very good, served by pies only though. The sauce used was especially standout, very sweet and tangy but not at all overpowering. The dining area was especially cool, you enter the restaurant and walk down a long corridor to a huge 2 level dining area lit by candles, wall scones and the skylight.
By far the best Italian meal I've had in the past year, if not ever! After spending a few hours at the Bronx Zoo, we made our way to the same borough's Little Italy on Arthur Avenue. This was our second trip to both, and both times with my in-laws. Of course, this time we also had our preschooler and toddler. Reminding my wife and me of how years ago we ended up at Cafe Gitane in SoHo, a couple leaving the restaurant said we absolutely should eat there because the food was "wicked good." At Cafe Gitane, a guy sitting outside said the coffee was like liquid crack. Walking from the restaurant's entrance and bar towards the dining room in back, I knew we were in store for more than Sbarro. The rear wall had a gorgeous fresco from floor to ceiling, and the wood-burning oven had a strong presence well integrated into the dining room. Best of all, we had the perfect seating in an alcove. Back to food ... the couple we encountered outside the restaurant was absolutely right. While house salad is house salad, the entrees were heavenly. La Cirilo pizza was made in the brick oven, with perfectly thin and crispy crust, and a unique mixture of butternut squash and fresh mozzarella. Oh, and the Mafalde con Porcini e Provola pasta not only tasted magical with smoked mozzarella and fresh tomato, but also felt in your mouth as if it were "born" just minutes before being boiled. I've had homemade pasta though never this fresh. Bringing everything together, service was friendly and attentive without annoying. They offered a booster and plastic cup for Jonah, brought a new fork when someone's fell without our asking, and cleaned off our daughter's table mat. Needless to say, we might have hit on that rarest of restaurants - absolutely going back, maybe without trying others in the neighborhood. And we will be back to the Bronx since we upgraded at the zoo from daily tickets to a membership.
Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is the real deal for some serious Italian eats. My brother is a student at Fordham University and on my visits up there for various occasions we'll visit the Bronx and go out for dinner on the famous Arthur Avenue. Zero is our favorite spot and usual go-to as long as the wait isn't too long. It's wonderful and delicious from the first sip of wine to the last bite of your meal and I've never had a less than stellar experience at this location. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait on Friday and Saturday nights, but there is a cozy bar in the front with a full wine list so you can enjoy some delicious vino before your dinner begins. The ambiance is nice. Dark and candlelit and romantic, with high ceilings and brick walls. My two can't miss menu items: Quattro Formaggi Pizza - four cheese brick oven pizza that is literally the most heavenly thing I have ever tasted. Smoked and fresh mozzarella, fontina and gorgonzola over perfectly baked crust, served to you slice-by-slice by a handsome Italian waiter. I'm hungry just thinking about it. I'm not the type to usually order the same thing every time I go to a restaurant but I won't leave until I've had a slice of this bad boy. Parmigiana di Melanzane - Eggplant Parm appetizer, the most delicious I have ever ordered. I actually usually order this as my entree because we typically get a pizza or another appetizer to share for the table before. It is melty and the sauce is delicious and I'm always impressed with how pretty the presentation looks when it comes out. Always a good choice. Pricey, but worth every dollar. Delizioso!
This place is on Arthur Avenue so you know you're gonna get good Italian food. The pizza was great!  I would also recommend the penne.  Everyone else's meals at my table looked great also, so I am willing to bet everything here is good. Like my sister said in her review (shout out- Dana F.), the oven was turned off so I couldn't try the nutella pizza.  This was a huge bummer.  I had to settle for a berry dessert which was still good, but no nutella pizza.
Picked up a pie here called La San Matteo (fresh mozzarella, sausage & broccoli). The broccoli was perfectly cooked (soft but had some texture), and made me feel less guilty about eating pizza. The mozzarella was pretty tasty and you can tell it's of good quality. I wasn't a big fan of the sausage but I understand the need for meat on this certain pizza. I'm really not a big pizza eater but I did enjoy my lunch. I would like to dine here next time because the place was very welcoming!
Now... To say that this pizza is perfection would perhaps be an understatement. The crust has this elegant, soft, chewy, moist crumb with just the right amount of crustiness. The toppings, like potate e porcini are wonderful. The prices are reasonable. The service was perhaps a bit curt, but very attentive and speedy. A fantastic wine and beer selection is on hand. Be sure to check the hours before heading over as they are closed for a time between lunch and dinner.
I don't give out a lot of 5-star ratings. Why? Because I don't want the masses to start going to the places I really like, resulting in long lines and long waits. But Trattoria 089 is a special case for which I will make a rare exception. This is THE ABSOLUTE BEST PIZZA IN NEW YORK, bar none. In fact, it's some of the best pizza I have ever eaten at any time anywhere. (And believe me, I eat a lot of pizza.) The sauce, the crust, the deliciously heavenly creamy fresh cheese ... oh the cheese! And the perfect toppings. I don't even know what the other food here tastes like because I always get pizza, it's so good. Not to mention the extremely efficient staff and the surprisingly attractive decor (you walk off cheezy Arthur Avenue, past a bar up front, down a long narrow hall, and find yourself in, SURPRISE, a tastefully decorated loftlike dining room that almost tricks you into feeling you're dining in a chic restaurant in Southern Europe). Even the bathroom is spotless (and in the Bronx, no less). If it's available, top your meal off with a serving of torta di fragola alla Romana, a luscious treat of soft ladyfinger cakes layered with vanilla cream mousse, fresh strawberries, and strawberry syrup. Now you know what's on the menu in heaven.
Dined upstairs on Sunday, late lunch with wife and 6 year old daughter. Waiter and staff were very attentative and pleasant. Food was plenty and tasted very good.  Vibrant(a bit too noisy for some?) admosphere. Excellent pizza, but the best was squid ink sauce pasta, which my wife loved so much.
We stopped in Zero Otto Nove after a visit to the Bronx Zoo, best decision ever! We had a table of over 12 so that means I got to try a LOT of food! I wish there was a Zero Otto Nove in my neighborhood... Everything was so good... The specials were insane. The pastas were al dente and cooked so perfectly in these wonderful sauces. The Pizza's were crisp and so gourmet. Here are the pizza's we tried, my fav was the butternut squash because it was so different. The potato was good but not my fav. Mushroom, Mmm! Margherita     Tomato sauce, parmigiano, fresh mozzarella & basil Capricciosa     Tomato sauce, ham, mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, basil& olives Patate e Porcini     Fresh mozzarella, sliced potatoes & porcini mushrooms Diavola     Tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, basil& spicy sopressata Quattro Formaggi     Smoked mozzarella, gorgonzola, fontina & fresh mozzarella     Sliced potatoes, sausage & smoked mozzarella La Cirilo     Butternut squash puree,cream of trufle,mushrooms &fresh mozzarella Gosh, I cant remember the pastas we got but I remember I wanted to swim in it hahaha. I love this place!!!
If I could have given it a 4.5 would have ... don't think its quite a 5 but definitely really, really good.  Atmosphere is wonderful.  Very traditional, light and airy and the wall murals really accent the feel of being in Italy.  The skylights with the natural light perfectly compliments the rustic tables and chairs.  The service is also very, very good.  The servers clearly know what they are doing and are very efficient.  Filled our bread basket twice and never let the water glasses get to empty. On to the food ... tried two appetizers, two entrees and two desserts.  The small meatball and ricotta cheese was yummy - perfect seasoning and the accompanying marinara sauce was great.  The baby octopus stewed in a rich red sauce was also tender and delicious.  The Pasta al Forno was one of the better pasta dishes I've ever had.  Simple but the baked element brought out all the flavors of the meats and cheeses.  The Cotoletta alla Pugliese was also very flavorful - but the veal could have been more tender.  Topped off with the chocolate cake and gelatto which were both great.  Perfect way to end the meal. Overall - great experience ... Place can get a little noisy when full.
A new favorite for sure. I love the high ceiling and sky light. The "back streets of Italy" decor is actually kind of charming on a nice day. The fire oven makes the pizza pies here delectable! Also had amazing appetizer of sausage, squash and blue cheese. Not sure who thought of that combo but it was served in a radish leaf and was AMAZING! Great for families and larger parties. Reasonable and an awesome, unassuming place to stop for lunch or dinner .
I've lived in the Bronx for three years and I just stumbled on this little gem, thanks to my roomie.Service was good, with a friendly and efficient waiter.  I must say the food was yummy and well prepared. The American cheesecake was like a little piece of heaven.
YUM! The pizza here is AMAZING! My friend and I have been planning to hit up Arthur Ave - the home of Little Italy in the Bronx for sometime and finally, we got around to it - last night.  There are several restaurants on the block, but majority of them were closed and I'm glad we went with this one. The space is fairly large with dining tables towards the back.  When you first walk in, you think it's just a bar but when you walk further down passed the kitchen, it's the dining area. Right in the dining area is where they make the brick oven pizzas. Me and my three friends all ordered pizzas and we were all impressed.  Very tasty! My two friends ordered a pizza with butternut squash sauce which gave the pizza a very sweet taste.  I had the potato and mushroom pizza. The pizzas are a good size as well. There was enough cheese and the sauce wasn't over powering the pizza which is sometimes the case - it was very flavorful. The deserts looked amazing, they had a nutella pizza, along with sorbets, gelato and tiramisu. Didn't try any though. The service was good - our server was very attentive and we got our food right away. If you're around the area, great place for pizza!
Came here based on a friend's recommendation and I'm glad we did visit! From the neighborhood and outside of the restaurant, you would never guess what the interior is like. Once we walked in, we were lead to the back, past the bar and through a narrow hallway and out into an open area of dining tables. There was exposed brick, high ceilings and painted murals and/or posters on the wall. It was quite a drastic change. Here's what we ordered: -Capricciosa ($15.95): thin pizza which was delicious! One bite of this and I would recommend their pizzas! -Coniglio alla cacciatore ($19.95): it was described as rabbit in a stew. What I got was a whole rabbit with sauce. Hard to eat as the knives were not sharp, but the rabbit was tender and not gamey at all. -Ragu salernitano ($19.95): a full on meat dish that included a sausage, meatball, lamb roll and one other item. The meat was juicy, but make sure you really love meat to enjoy this carnivorous dish! -Osso Buco ($22): tender veal and the diner said he has never tasted this good of an osso buco before. -profiterol ($7): dry cream puffs -pinot nero ($8): standard house wine Service was efficient and friendly. The breads they served were delicious as well...especially the one with the red pepper (?) baked into it! Portions were large and filling and although very dark inside, it was a pleasant dining experience.
The second, more casual outpost in the small, yet fantastic Roberto empire in Arthur Avenue in the Bronx. I can't comment much on the food beyond the pizza (the main feature here), but I do have to say, it was fantastic. Cooked super quickly in true Neapolitan style in a large brick oven in the main dining room, I'm craving it hard a day later. You can't really compare it to old, traditional NY pizza places like Di Fara's or Grimaldi's, but in comparison to the newer places inspired by Wolfgang Puck's Spago in LA, it compares quite favorably. Think Keste with slightly better pizza, less crowded and more family friendly. Take someone here for a birthday. Hillarity will ensue. Mastercard and Visa only.
A really beautiful restaurant on historic  Arthur Ave. in the Bronx. High ceilings skylights, exposed brick  very romantic despite the family environment. I have gone there for pizza and to eat from their extensive menu. The bar is in the front of the restaurant and has a television but a narrow corridor separates the cavernous looking main dining room.(The ceilings make it look bigger than it is) Actually the service is above average from what you would expect at the price points you pay here, fast friendly and attentive. There was a temperature issue with an item that was handled expertly handled. The pizza should be renowned if it isn't already and judging by the crowds it is. Please try " La Riccardo " a butternut squash puree, spicy pancetta and smoked mozzarella masterpiece and tell me it isn't worthy of a spot on your top 5 tastiest ever. You can share 3 or 4 courses with a partner as I did or go at it alone but I am a big guy and  even sharing I was stuffed. The breads delicious light and fresh great texture and great olive oil ( many places don't serve good EVOO) Polipetti Affogati- is baby octopus stew in tomato sauce is aromatic , tender and wonderfully flavored. Polpettine,Polenta & Caprino-This small meat ball ragout over fried polenta and goat cheese rumble is really one of the better dishes in the borough. Mafalde Porini e Prevola- fresh pasta that is creamy with porcini mushrooms cherry tomatoes and smoked mozzarella......this dish is special I have spent many nights trying to mimic that sauce. Our final course was the most perfectly braised beef short rib  in sauce that if not for the 28.95 price point I would have ordered one to go. It is on the pricier side for casual but the wine and cocktails are good, the ambiance is excellent, the food is first rate... It isn't a cheap night  out however If you want to impress your date and take them to a really great  restaurant in the Bronx then this is your destination.
I had been here years ago and didn't recall a reason to come again. Finally I decided to give another try this time pizza. Good bread arrived, But some focaccia was yesterday's.Hard and different thickness from the fresher pieces make it east to know. Ordered octopus, it was tender but sadly the sauce was not even worth dipping the bread in. Then the now trendy style puffy crust but thin Neapolitan pizza came. (with hot soppersatta). This was the highlight of my two visits. Next the taramisu which was at a perfect temperature and creamy.                                    ANOTHER BRONX TALE...................................
I will agree completely that the food is outstanding. Some of the best I've had. However, after eating there for lunch today, I've discovered that the waitstaff is a little predatory when it comes to the wine list. We ordered a $30 bottle of wine, and when we got our bill, we discovered that our waiter had brought us a $300 bottle of wine of the same name (different grape, different year). The restaurant manager absolutely refused to cover the mistake, OR to cut us a price break on the wine itself, and after arguing for a long while (and after he left and "called" the restaurant's owner) we decided to suck it up and pay the bill so as to be able to leave with our 3-year-old who was desperately in need of a nap.   I will never ever return to this restaurant, and want to caution all other diners to MAKE SURE that you're getting the bottle of wine that you ordered before having the waiter open it for you.
Nice. Great menu, lots of specials. Really enjoyed roasted tomato and burrata salad on first visit and simple but delicious tuna salad (no mayo) on 2nd visit. Had spicy meatball & polenta app both times! Dining room is lovely w/ skylights that let the sun in.  Great service too!
As soon as I walked in I was impressed by the decor and ambiance. You walk down a hall and then it opens up to a room with painted walls, a skylight and a brick oven to make you feel like you're sitting in a small courtyard tucked away in a back alley in Italy. There wasn't a long wait and the service was very good and attentive. We got the usual bread basket that come with Italian Restaurants. My husband ordered the QUATTRO FORMAGGI, their 4 cheese (Smoked mozzarella, gorgonzola, provolone, fresh mozzarella) pizza. It was so good! The cheese combination was a perfect match for brick oven pizza. I ordered the PASTA AL FORNO, which is baked rigatoni with meatbails, soppressata, ricotta, mozzarella, sliced egg in a tomato sauce. I was very pleased by this dish! The pasta choice was a bit too large for me (I don't like big pasta), but not so much that it hindered my enjoyment of this fantastic dish. The meatballs were memorable. We also ordered Tiramisu and a Cannoli, the latter of which is homemade. Both were delicious! The prices are high, but well worth it and I'll definitely come here again. It's great being just a hop, skip and jump away!
I'm writing this review slightly drunk. Sorry. But I've been on a mission to visit all these supposed best pizzerias in New York for awhile now, so my word counts, man, even if I'm drunk. Slightly drunk. On my way to more than slightly. OK. So, you have to go to The Bronx to visit this place. And boy, if you've lived in New York for awhile, people are eventually going to start asking you if you've been up to Arthur Ave., the "real" Little Italy. I grew up among Italians, so I wasn't impressed, but I never liked those dense cookies that taste like cardboard growing up, so whether it's downtown Manhattan, Belmont, or Lodi, NJ, I don't think Italian-American "culture" is anything to drive out to shitty neighborhoods for. But pizza is another story. I just heard on NPR that "pork butt" means the shoulder. Isn't that weird? Wait, did I hear that right? Or am I drunk? Anyway, is it worth it to visit 089 up in The Broncks? I don't know... it's fucking crowded and the service is shitty and the pizza is good but not better than a dozen places in Manhattan. I guess if you live there it's better than fried chicken and overripe mangoes. Warning, this place is touristy, so don't be a fool and order bottles of water. Free bread, though. Super yum. Ten extra stars for free bread with olive oil to dip it into. Nice space. High ceilings. Much light. Balcony seating area. Too bad it's in the Bronx. I ordered the soprasetta with tomato sauce, fresh mozz, etc. I spelled the name of the spicy ham wrong I think, but it was spicy ham. My dining partners ordered the one with potatoes. I like pizza with sauce. The sauce was bland but not abnormally so. The ham was good. The crust was VERY GOOD, but brick oven style, which means, I guess, a little soggy, but not too soggy, like that fucking waste of time Grimaldi's place in Brooklyn. So this is definitely a decent place to get Neapolitan style fancy overpriced pizza, and it works that formula better than most places. So four stars. Generous for me, really. But I reward good crust. And the crust at 089 is almost ideal: chewy without being tough and crispy without being hard, crunchy, or burnt (like Otto and Co.). CRUST. That's how I feel about crust. I'm going to get more drunk now. Thanks.
Decided to check out Arthur Ave. with the gf after watching a cooking demonstration at the Botanical Gardens by Mario Bitali where he exclaimed that the Little Italy in Manhattan is no longer legit--that Arthur Ave. in the Bronx is where you can find the real mom & pop Italian run shops. Yelping around led to Zero Otto Nove. We walked in and saw that there was a lengthy wait ahead of us. It actually took nearly 40 minutes to get seated but we were able to sit at the bar and sip on some wine in the meanwhile. I have to comment--wow, I have not ever seen such a generous pour of wine at any restaurant I've been to. Easily two glasses worth. I was in a pretty good zone even after one "glass". You reach the inside after a long walk through a corridor and it is quite dark, spacious and cozy at the same time. The brick oven pizza is right inside the dining room and the irresistible smell of toasted bread permeates the room. We ordered another huge glass of wine, pizza with smoked mozzarella, sausage and potatoes, a special of the day which was essentially shrimp and scallops in a citrusy sauce, and rabbit stew. Each order was quite good. The pizza was ridiculously tasty with healthy slabs of smoked cheese and sausages. The potatoes provided an interesting mouthfeel alongside the chewier toppings. Huge winner. The shrimp/scallops weren't particularly memorable but very good. Can't really mess that up. I expected something like soup for the rabbit stew but it ended up being more like rabbit on a dish with a thick stew-like sauce around it. Great flavor profile. A little tougher than chicken but more intense. The sauce was a bit salty but provided a nice complement to the dish. I'd come back but the Bronx is so damn far. Next time I visit the Botanical again perhaps.
Best italian style pizza i have ever had.  Cool spot, nice staff and good decor.  Well worth the hassle of parking by Arthur Ave.  Even a couple of friends straight off the boat from Italy said its the best they have had outside of Naples itself.  So thats a decent testimonial i suppose! I find myself always going for the pizza as an appetizer, and then having the butternut squash pasta w/peas and mushrooms as a main course.  They make a nutella pizza for dessert.  Repeat: Nutella Pizza. The pizzaiolo was brought here from Salerno, so you know they are serious.
Best restaurant on Arthur Ave!  Owner / Chef Roberto really out did himself with this place and did so well with it he recently just opened a second Zero Otto Nove in Flatiron. First of all, when you walk in there is a very contempory bar.  A mix of upscale, classy, sophisticated, and yet still not stuffy at all.  Once seated in the back you will feel like you are in a foreign oasis.  The decor really makes you think that you are in Italy or somwhere outside of the Bronx.  Really authentic looking wooden tables, nice paintings / sculptures on the walls, fancy chandeliers, and a wood burning pizza oven on the side of the dining room. Food is delicious.  I recommend one of thier pizzas to start, chicken capricosa for an entree, and then their unique nutella pizza for dessert.  You will leave this place very satisifed.  Just to note it get veryyy crowded so from Thursday night on make sure you have a reseravtion or get there very early!
Yelp! comes to the rescue once again! We didn't know the area and after visiting the New York botanical garden, Yelp! led us to this gem on famous Arthur Street in the Bronx. This was our first time to Zero Otto Nove. What a great experience. We felt as though we were transported to Italy. The open courtyard, with ceilings approximately 40 feet high, was amazing.  The food was excellent and so fresh. The service was even better.  Our waiter Geno treated us as though we were his only customer.  We had a brick oven pizza with ham, fresh Mozzarella, and basil, rigatoni with meatballs, a sausage and polenta dish and an Eggplant Parmesan appetizer.  All were so delicious.   Even though we are from New Jersey, we will take the drive into the Bronx to revisit this fantastic restaurant.
Delicious Italian food. I was starving after visiting the Bronx Zoo, so I was willing to eat anything! We received complimentary bread with our own olive oil bottle. My hubby ordered La Vincenzo Pizza ($13.95) which came with tomatoes, gorgonzola cheese, porcini, and spinach. The oven brick pizza was good and the restaurant used high quality cheese. Loved all of the flavors. I orrdered linguine al nero with spicy black squid ink and lot  of calamari ($18.95). There were 3-4 calamari for every bite of linguine. Calamari was not overcooked either. Beware. Your teeth and lips will turn black. The restaurant had a cute dining area where there was a sunroom, and walls were painted like being in Italy. This must be a popular place for celebrating birthdays. There were two birthdays during our dining experience. I love how a song played on the PA system and the birthday person receives a free tiramisu.
Since I went to Fordham for undergrad, I was always eager to take visiting family and friends out to Arthur Ave, and Zero Otto Nove is one of its gems.  As you walk in, the restaurant has a kind of tunnel that leads to the main dining room, which has a high ceiling and is painted to look like an Italian courtyard, complete with some skylights.   The food is outstanding and it worth the higher price; in particular, I would recommend the bistecca alla salernitana, the steak served with vegetables and arugula, both because it's delicious and also it's unique, and the Cotoletta alla Pugliese, the veal with mushrooms in a sauce that made me want to lick the plate. Also, the polipette affogato, the baby octopus, is absolutely amazing and is a must-have (if you're not squeamish about eating tentacles, that is...).  In addition to their other dishes, this place is also great for pizza, and the one with butternut squash sauce is great, even cold!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Whoa.  You're telling me there is good food beyond Manhattan and the trendy neighborhoods of Brooklyn?  No. Way.  I don't believe it. Okay, of course that's not true.  Arthur Avenue is a good example.  Elmhurst is another.  But for the moment, let's focus on Zero Otto. I didn't know what to expect.  I'm never particularly jazzed about Italian food (there are so so many bad Italian restaurants in my neighborhood.  I've been burned before), but this place is amazing.  I love the sky-lit stuccoed dining room, very reminiscent of an outdoor cafe in some Etruscan hill town.  And even if they sometimes gather 'round and break into song, I love the old school dry humor of the servers (one - humorously - recommended anger management classes when our 2-year-old dining companion fell into the table shattering a few glasses and spilled red wine).  And the food, the food!, is terrific.  Unexpectedly so. The La Ricardo pizza was excellent (prosciutto and butternut squash puree on a pizza?  Hello delicious) and the Mozzarella Caprese salad was super (it was accompanied by a cannellini bean salad that shone, it was so fresh and flavorful).  But the highlight was the pasta - a special that afternoon with asparagus and wild boar and some type of delirium-inducing white sauce.  I never get pasta - it conjures up bland heavy mush in my brain, but I maybe be a convert.  At least at Zero Otto.   Great wine list.  They have a bunch of bottles around $35 (and sure, some at $300, but save those for the sugar daddy dates). I can't wait to go back and dig into more of that menu.
This restaurant is the answer to the question "why the hell would I leave the safety of my car in the Bronx?" It's true. You will actually want to travel to the Bronx on purpose to experience the deliciousness.
nice place, excellent food, great location. Sunday lunch was excellent, with amazing appetizers and way above average pizzas. Service was nice and efficient. I would recommend the regular antipasti and also the calamari, both were real taste of italy, simple and pleasant. Real poetry! We were offered a handful of specials of the day that we also enjoyed. However, I would expect a special pizza to be priced below or at the average pizzas price in the menu, same with the pasta special. In fact, i would have given a 5 stars until i got the bill. Specials of the day cannot be the priciest or at least, you should be made aware prior to ordering. This cheap trick was useless in such a notorious place who probably does not need that. i will most likely go back, but won t get tricked twice.
After touring Fordham University with my daughter's and their grandmother, we decided we wanted to try a really delicious Italian restaurant in Little Italy. We happened to come upon some firemen and asked them what's the best. They said you have to try Zero Otto Nove. They were right!! It was delicious. The pizza was the best I've had in a long, long time - YUM!!! One of the girls split the arugula salad and the eggplant Parmesan with grandma and they absolutely devoured it. We ordered the plate of cookies and the limon gelato and were in heaven with both desserts. We wished we had more days in NYC to go back again and again. This is a place we will dream of now that we have returned to California Thank you Trattoria Zero Otto Nove for a memorable meal.
A Bronx Tale was filmed in this neighborhood.  This restaurant is amazing and the neighborhood speaks and feels of old Italian culture.  Please don't hurt me by ever eating in little Italy; it's a fictitious neighborhood made to cater to tourist. Arthur avenue is the real heart and soul of Italian cuisine and Italian food has not been the same for me after eating here.   Bon Appetit...winning the hearts of food lovers one tummy at a time!
I struggled with what to give this restaurant.  First of all, the ambiance was nice, although it was almost too dark.  Still, it is a pretty place.  My husband and I went on a Monday evening.  Since it was a Monday, it was pretty empty. Anyway, I had a mushroom appetizer that was very tasty.  Next, I had the four cheese pizza.  I enjoyed my food and don't have any complaints.  My husband had the regular cheese pizza.  He refused to get an entree because they are served a la carte.  He didn't want to spend an additional $10 to get pasta with his meal.  Overall, I would go back because some of the entrees seem like they will be delightful. However, my husband doesn't want to return.
I love this place.
I was here for dinner today after a nice day visiting the Bronx Botanical Garden. Our first wish was to go to Roberto's, but they are closed on Sundays. After deliberating where to eat for a few minutes, we figured we would give Zero Otto Nove a shot since it is owned by the same owner as Roberto's. The decor was pretty cool, almost Las Vegas like. The wait was about 20 minutes, which was fine. My first course consisted of baby clams in a broth. They were ok but nothing worth discussing. My main dish was the pasta al forno, and I was definitely disappointed. The pasta and meatballs were both a bit dry and a bit forgettable. For dessert I had profiteroles and they were nothing special as well. The problem for me was coming in with such high expectations, and not being blown out of the water at all. There was no oomph, no pizzazz, no special feeling when eating the food. It was just sort of there, and sort of bland. What a shame. I think the next time I visit the Bronx, I will try to come on a Friday or Saturday so I can check out Roberto's. I heard a lot of great things and that is the ultimate goal.
GREAT PIE! If you're visiting NY from the West coast where we get no good pizza, this is a place to go.   Nice to visit the Bronx zoo then head to Zero Otto Nove for a great wood burning brick oven pizza.
i was very excited to visit this place because i heard their pizza was so amazing but i did not enjoy it all. the pizza it self is really dried you can tell by the pizza pictures on here an the sauce was nothing special either. The only nice thing about this place is the ambiance.
Zero Otto Nove more than a neighborhood gem! For those of us Italian linguistist wannabes, Zero Otto Nove = 098 Why 098? signifying the year that the decor draws its inspiration from?  Maybe. The inside is a full blown rendition of traditional Italian towns. Little alley strech deep into the main dining room, which is complemented by a balcony-like 2nd floor area. The vibe is so friendly and low key, and you can truly enjoy a meal here with your close friends/ family PIZZA - very good thin crust Italian style.You can taste the freshness! SERVICE- definitely a great job for a neighborhood restaurant. Waiters are very attentive and friendly. By the way they introduce the food and serve the table, you can tell they truly LOVE the food and LOVE you dining here. one pet-peeve I have with all Italian restaurant though- the lack of healthy alternatives... EEEEK
First time here today and enjoyed our meal. The short ribs were a big hit as well as the sausage risotto. My friend and I asked or a combination of chicken and sausage not on the menu and they accommodated us very well. It was a Calabrian preparation, nice and spicy with loads of garlic. The bread was good and we started with a thin crust pizza with thick  cheese and and hot salami that was pretty terrific. They pushed the American cheese cake, I don't get that. I had the Italian riggoto cheese cake that was vey good. Decent italian red, wine a little on the pricy side.
Hot summer night.  Hungry stomach on said summer night.  Pizza is hot, usually.  What a fit! Accustomed to the Chinatown Little Italy, coming to the supposed "real" Little Italy was quite enlightening.  Amongst the many restaurants and bakeries was this gem that I can't really call little.  I had to do work to find this place.  My research revealed that Trattoria had some of the better, if not the best, pizza in the neighborhood, so of course, one has to pay an homage if in the area, especially if you're making an interborough trek.  I mean, the place is balls long to get to on the 6!  And then another long ass walk through the ghetto (read "better") part of the BX.   Had the Margherita and the Diavola.  Both exquisite.  I can't really say it was the best I've ever had but it's definitely up there.  Price-wise, it's not bad at all at $14.95 and $13.95 respectively.  It'd be at least $3-$5 more expensive in Manhattan.  Service is good as well.  The ambiance is a great backdrop.  Would come again without a doubt.  But of course, only if I was in the area.
Went here for my birthday 3/25 it was incredible! From the moment you walk into the main room and see the beautiful fresco on the wall you know you are in for something special.  I loved the authentic posters from Salerno and the service was very good. I ordered the braised baby lamb with peas and seriously it was one of the top 5 meals of my life. I normally don't even like peas but these were spiced so wonderfully, I couldn't help but eat them all!  For dessert I had the Fragola a la Romana, which was made with strawberries and some kind of cream. I have no idea exactly what it was, but it was DIVINE! I swear angels must eat that for breakfast. Its that good. I will definitely be going back to this restaurant and I'll bring any visiting friends there too.
I brought a few out of town guests here. It was our first time to the neighborhood. I used Yelp to pick out the restaurant and I thought the place was great! We ate here ridiculously early on a Saturday (5pm) and the place was moderately busy. The service was excellent and we were never with an empty glass (especially important since it was 8,000 degrees that day). The only "con" would be that the staff is all so friendly, attractive, and attentive it was difficult for me to focus and pretend to be a classy lady while I devoured my entire pizza. Also, I'd like to echo Denise D's recommendation with the La Riccardo = WTF. Butternut squash puree on pizza? Yes please! My guests also enjoyed their dishes, they both had Pollo Scarpaiello. I appreciate when fellow Yelper's recommendations make me look good! I look forward to coming back, once I figure out how to get here without my guest's rental car!
I had an early dinner here last nigt (Sunday) with my family. The restaurant is very deceiving. They have a nice, small bar in front where my wife & I had a glass of wine while waiting for our table...which probably took 15 minutes. No worries because the Jets game was on TV. When our table was ready, the hostess brought us back into an impressive, somewhat dimly lit, two story restaurant. We sat upstairs and overlooked the people eating below us. I give the ambience 4-5 stars. The food was fantastic. We had the Halibut special, seafood special and three of us ordered different pizzas. As is the case with our family dinners, everyone sampled each other's food. The Halibut melted in my mouth. The seafood special was very good, and the Daviola pizza was definitely something I'd order again. The wait staff were all very friendly--from the hostess to the bartender to our waiter and busboy. Given all the choices people have on Arthur Avenue, it might be tough to find one favorite, but Zero Otto Nove is easily a restaurant that will see me again.
Calamari was great. San Matteo pizza was tasty. Service was stellar.
This place appears to be a little overrated based upon my experience.  There were long waits even for a late lunch on Saturday afternoon.  Bar seats were open, however.  The pizza was really good, though it gets soggy quickly, which is a pet peeve of mine.  The charcoal-black marks on the bottom of the slices added a nice char flavor that can be hard to find.  We got the Diavola Pizza with spicy sopressata and it was pretty delicious.   Our other dishes were, unfortunately,total misfires.  The special appetizer of shrimp and scallops with eggplant caponata sauce tasted hurriedly put-together and was nowhere close to the quality of the version that Roberto's offers around the corner.  At Zero, the flavors appeared to have been thrown together in the pan rather than to have had time to gel.  The sauce lacked any depth.   he butternut squash soup had nice cheesy accents with capellini but was runny and had too much taste of chicken broth.  It lacked the Fall flavor of what I consider to be good butternut soup.  Our neighbors' pastas looked pretty good, but if I was to come here again, it would be for pizza before anything else.
3.5   The space/ambiance is awesome - huge ceilings, 2 levels.. You feel like you are nowhere near New York.  First off, the bad.....but this review does end on a good note. The pizza?  A let down.   st had zero flavor - sauce/cheese just okay.  Parts of the pie were just too charred.  Not at all pizza I would ever return for. So a letdown there...but thank goodness we ordered an entree. Total surprise just how DELICIOUS this dish was..and huge portion.  Chicken Scarpiello -- the most tender chicken and flavorful sauce.  This dish was nothing like other scarpiellos I've had in restaurants. That one dish I might just return for.
Really friendly staff and close enough to my place. You get a lot of non Bronxites here, some in Yankee gear some in business casual attire. I roll up however I feel and I've always been treated well. The bar area and the restaurant seem very disjointed. That's all good information but you probably care about the pizza. Sorry New York magazine you failed ranking them at #5, this pizza is way better than Franny's and Co. The La Riccardo WTF. This is probably the best pizza I have ever had. I always order this it's amazing.
When I was debating whether or not to take a job in the Bronx, everyone who was pro-job kept uttering the magic phrase "Arthur Avenue" in hopes that the power of Italian food would sway me. It didn't really add much to the package, since I brown-bag it every day. What's more, a billion touristy red-and-white-checked-tablecloth, candle-in-a-Chianti-bottle, five-raviolis-in-butter-and-cut-rate-parmesan-for-­twenty-bucks places have pretty much soured me on most Italian restaurants outside of, you know, Italy. But I did take the job and I did find myself on Arthur Avenue for lunch eventually, and now I can safely say I get it. We only had pizza and a few appetizers, but I'd definitely trust anything else on the menu after tasting that much. Whether this is the best pizza in New York City is hard to say, but it is excellent. I would say it's got a little too much end crust for my tastes, but the sauce is divine and the crust is perfectly chewy. Appetizers are mostly simple affairs, but executed flawlessly. The dining area is spacious and charmingly decorated, and we had excellent, attentive service. This will most definitely become my go-to place whenever I've got friends visiting my new work 'hood...and that will teach me to dismiss an entire cuisine based on what you can get in the better-trafficked areas. I should know better by now.
Have been here 2 or 3 times and have enjoyed it every time.  Some original flavor combos that mix well with classic dishes. We liked the butternut squash ravioli, the pizzas, and the melanzane alla parmagiana among others.  It's a good place to order meals to share. We like the (faux) olde world decor, high ceilings and casual feel. It gets a 4 because in this town, Roberto's is the 5. Going back soon.  Will update.
Atmosphere is interesting, something like dining in an ancient Roman catacomb. Service was good, with a friendly and efficient waiter.  However the food was not great and quite overpriced.  I had the rib eye pizziola, which was only about a half inch thick and swimming in a soupy tomato sauce.  It was not good, and certainly not worth the $27 price.  The calamari/pepper appetizer was skimpy, and way overpriced at $15. All I all, I do not recommend this place.  There are much better places on Arthur Avenue and elsewhere for the money.
Came here for dinner on a Friday evening.  Its related to Roberto's in the area.  A modern front entrance with a bar area doesn't prepare for the dining area, reached via a stone-lined passage that opens into an almost cavernous space, with a deep skylight.  The effect of space and paint seemed to evoke an Italian town corridor. It made for a very open, comfortable dining space with lots of natural lighting at the time we went.  Wait staff were plentiful, friendly, and helpful.   We shared a bottle of red, perfect recommendation.  Started with the special grilled octopus with cannellini beans and arugula.  One of the best octopus I ever had, super fresh, tender enough to cut with a fork, nicely charred.  Not strongly flavored on it's own but when combined with the tender beans and spicy arugula, it's wonderful.  Very generous portion too. After that, shared the La Riccardo brick oven pizza.  Very thin and crispy crust, slightly charred and uneven looking, topped with a butternut squash purée, spicy pancetta, smoked mozzarella, and basil.  Never had this combination but it was delicious, light, the toppings never overwhelming the pizza but working together nicely. Finished with the special lamb and artichoke bucatini.  The lamb added nothing to the dish, IMO, but the pasta was well-prepared and flavored, the marinated artichokes a great complement.  Lamb was chewy and wholly unremarkable. I thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience and will most definitely recommend and return.
Yea. 5 stars because I can't imagine Italian food tasting any better than this.   The menu is the kind where all the items are listed in Italian, so I'm forced to read the description underneath if I want to know what I'm getting myself into.  Luckily, I understand what "sausage" and "broccoli" means.  We got the San Mateo (?) pizza and some meatballs with goat cheese, and I cannot emphasize how awesome it tasted.  The ingredients were so fresh that even the burnt parts of the crust tasted good.   And the service, yes, that's good stuff. I think all servers just might be purebred Italians who cannot stand the thought of having my glass of water less than 51% full.  And all the other reviews talking about how you go through this "alleyway" and into an atrium of Italy is an experience you won't find anywhere else in el Bronx.
This Place is a Fantastic Addition to the real little Italy, in the Bronx. From the outside it looks like a little Bar but when you Walk into the Dining room in the Back of the Restaurant it opens up into one of the most beautiful dinning rooms in any Borough. I've been there twice, first time I met my in-laws there for dessert got there early and tried alittle Lamb Chop very good. the second time had Lunch there with a coworker i had a pasta special that was Fantastic. I believe it was orecchiette pasta in a cauliflower sauce with Pig Cheek sounds gross but I assure you that it was great... Oriana J. as far as their "heavy Italian accents" sorry to break it to you the waiters accents are heavy Albanian accents.
I've trained my man to always check Yelp when it's chow time in an unfamiliar landscape. So after getting drenched during a thunderstorm on a recent trip to the New York Botanical Garden, we were looking for a place to chow down and dry off. What a surprise! Taking the long walk from the sleek bar up front through the narrow hallway to the dining room in back was like the world's fastest Alitalia flight. I *loved* the super high-ceilinged, sky-lit piazza decor. Really nice and very detailed. I enjoyed the assorted Italian posters for Eros Ramazzotti concerts, political candidates, and football matches And the food was good, too! Some of it was a little bit too salty, but still good. I liked the diavola pizza.
Disappointed. Actual IM conversation I just had with my friend. me: ever eat on arthur ave in the bronx? friend: yeah, i went to this place.  wasn't impressed friend: zero otto nove or something me: yeah, we went there me: hated it We started with the mussels. There were a few bad tasting ones in the batch and the sauce it was cooked in had no flavor. For the entrees, we ordered the ragu salernitano and the cavatelli. The sauce for the cavatelli was bland. The pasta had a mushy bite to it. The salerniatano was a large meatball, pork skin braciola, beef braciola. The meatball was mushy and extremely white on the inside. The skin braciola was bland. The beef braciola wasn't bad but wasn't good enough to make up for the other deficiencies. Why this restaurant gets so many positive reviews, I don't know. Either the reviews are faked (which I do doubt) or people just haven't had better food (which is tragic). After years and years of hearing how great the food on Arthur Ave is, this experience has made me a bit gun-shy of returning and trying another place, especially if this is the top rated place on Yelp.
Mmmmmmmmmmm, from their specialty bread with extra virgin olive oil to their entrees could not be anymore delicious than any other place that I tried.  Came here for dinner with 2 friends.  Ambience was perfect, a homey feel, excellent service, waiters are cute and attentive, good for groups or a romantic dinner for two.  We had the antipasti freddo as an appetizer first.  Then, savored the specialty pizza, a second pizza with butternut squash puree, which I forgot the name of, but was just as scrumptious, and an entree of short ribs.  The fresh mozarella with basil and olive oil were the key ingredients in the pizzas.  Not to mention, the crust was soft, warm and chewy, it was hard to resist...would definitely come back again, but will try for lunch next time so I could try Madonia Brothers Bakery for their well-known proscuitto bread, olive bread and cherry and chocolate bread!!   Note: American Express not accepted, but visa or mastercard are, so be prepared.
Look for the lil Blue Car!! Now, this isn't my first time on Arthur Ave. Yet, Somehow this place flew under my radar. The are generous with the wine pours and everything is very fresh. I had the white bean soup with prosciutto and the arugula salad. I can definitely tell that they use fresh ingredients here. I highly recommend the soup. Trust me, you'll thank me later I opted to eat at the bar since the dining room was apparently crowded.   I know that there are several restaurants in the area that have been around for much longer, but I strongly encourage you to give this place a shot. Apparently, they are well known for their pizzas! I guess I know what I am having next time!
Love this place. Born and raised in the Bronx and moved out of New York 28 years ago, it was wonderful coming back. Love the food, service and the decor. Next time we're back we will be making reservations.
I remember reading about this place on yelp and it got good reviews so my friend and I went there for dinner.  I guess my judgment was clouded by a combination of high yelp reviews and hypoglycemia because it only struck me as a date place after entering and being led to our table.  By then, it felt too late to leave.  I ordered a pizza and my friend ordered a calzone.  I didn't really like my pizza.  The crust was floppy and not tasty.  Not bad.  Just not tasty.  And the toppings were salty.  Her calzone was also salty (although..  that could be because of the capers, olives, and anchovies).   The service was really good and the specials sounded nice.  Maybe if I go back I'll just eat at the bar and try something else.  But it was a long trek for us and don't think I'll be back for a long while.
Pork Osso Bucco....flatbreads made right in front of your nose......service that will make your head flip....gotta go...... We had an amazing lunch...Chicken parmagiana, meatballs and gorganzola....eggplant. parm....
Very good food!  Also liked the decor, it was very authentic.  Check out the stove, it's very cool.  One problem is the one bathroom situation: it creates large lines.  Also pretty expensive but definitely try this place.
This is my new favorite Italian restaurant in NYC. The brick-oven pizza is amazing - on par with any of the first-rate places in the city like Totonno's, Grimaldi's and Lombardi's, but at Zero Otto Nove they also have a full menu of pasta, salads and other authentic fare, much of it sourced right in the Arthur Ave. neighborhood. Priced like a mid-scale casual Italian restaurant would be in Manhattan,  this bustling trattoria in the Bronx's Little Italy offers a five-star experience in terms of service, quality of food and presentation. The decor in the cavernous dining room is a little off-putting at first -- meant to mimic an Italian street scene -- but it won me over in the end.
For more years than we can count Arthur Avenue in the Bronx has been known for their Italian food, from grocers and butchers, to bakeries and restaurants.  So when we found ourselves stuck in the Bronx Expressway traffic on our way out of NY, where else were we going to go but Arthur Avenue. We followed our noses and our GPS and found Trattoria Zero Otto Nove, one of three restaurants owned by Chef Roberto of Roberto's Restaurant.  Before we start this review we want you to realize that this is not Americanized Italian food served in this part of the world.  This is authentic Italian food made using traditional methods - Salerno, Italy to be exact. And done right it is quite delicious. When you enter the restaurant all you will see is a host stand to the left and a clean, small and well-appointed bar behind. Don't let this be off-putting.  The hostess will lead you down a very long hallway where you will emerge in Italy, or at least it feels that way.  Whoever designed this place did a wonderful job of transforming this space into a piazza with a skylight that provides natural light during the day, and whose nooks and crannies hold candles providing natural light at night. We were a little under-dressed, or felt that way in jeans and casual shirts, but no one said a word and we were comfortably seated without being pushed in a corner. The service here is impeccable, with as many as 4 people waiting the table to make sure food is delivered and placed well, dirty dishes are cleared swiftly and glasses never empty.  They do this without feeling like they are hovering or like you are being rushed.  Servers are practically invisible as they appear and disappear from your table, making your visit quite pleasant. We were not incredibly hungry, so did not try any of the pasta dishes.  Instead we ordered a pizza, an antipasto and a salad.  Our salad was a simple arugula salad which was simple and clean, dressed only with fresh lemon juice and olive oil and served with a few shavings of parmigiano reggiano. The arugula was crisp and fresh and we found the dish to be refreshing. Our antipasto was the Calamari alla Peperomata, made with yellow and red peppers, olives and capers.  This dish was quite delicious. The calamari was tender and the flavors came together perfectly.  A light hand was used with the olives and capers, creating layers of flavor without overwhelming the taste of the seafood. Our pizza of choice, which is cooked in a traditional wood fired oven, was he Patata Salsiccia & Provola - a sliced potato, sausage and smoked mozzarella pie.  This is a sauce-less pie, but you won't miss it.  The flavors of this pizza are quite nice. It is well-seasoned with rosemary which stands up well to the strong smoke flavor of the mozzarella. Though a number of the ingredients come from Italy, they are all purchased fresh daily from local stores all within blocks of the restaurant.  And these stores are getting thing like meats and cheeses from regional farms, so there is a good amount of support for the local economy while still keeping its roots in Italy. Local, fresh seafood, baked goods made right across the road and pasta made fresh right there at the restaurant are reasons enough to give this local gem high marks.
When you hear about the amazing Italian food on Arthur Ave. in the Bronx, Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is one of the places people are talking about. After hearing great things, I decided to give it a try and it didn't disappoint. Thought I'd have something that I've been dying to eat and ordered the squid ink over linguini. I think I found my new favorite dish. The squid and pasta were cooked to perfection, the sauce was pitch black, garlicky and thick. I loved it. The place was packed on a friday afternoon and our waiter was attentive and well versed. The dining room setting was a surprise. It was a replica of an Italian piazza with a large sunroof giving diners the sensation of eating al fresco. Great for a date or dinner with the family. I will definitely be back and recommend that if you want to taste great Italian food in a city known for its Italian cuisine, make sure you pay this place a visit.
My pastor at my church decided to take me to this joint for lunch.  One thing I'm a fanatic about is Italian food. Simplicity and deliciousness. Well the dish I ordered was the pasta special of the day.  Ditali pasta with guanciale, peas, arugula, and goat cheese.  When the dish came out,  I was not impressed.  $20 for pasta that's not even remotely decent?  The guancaile was barely cooked and only a couple leaves of arugula. Oh and the cheese wasn't even goat cheese.  It was smoked mozzarella.  Oh another complaint about this dish is it was the salt content.  It was to salty for my pallet.     I don't complain much about food but, this dish wasn't appetizing at all.  I should of ordered off the meat section because all the dishes that were going out the different tables looked fabulous.   I definitely would try this restaurant again because it has great reviews and the other dishes on the menu looked appetizing.  I just must of  ordered the wrong dish of that day.
My whole family loves this place - including my mother and uncles, who are Sicilians from Brooklyn.  I've been a few times, and have never been disappointed. Today I took my friend, and I had the following: Meatballs/Polenta appetizer: DO IT.  Tiny meatballs packed with flavor in a delicious and perfectly complementary sauce.  Polenta decked with heavenly cheese.  YUM. Brick oven pizza - Tomato sauce, mozz, sopressata (Diavola): The sopressata really made it.  This pizza is great, but my friend and I thought there were other things that were more special and unique on the menu.  Great for a less adventurous eater or a huge pizza lover. Pasta al Forno: One of my favorites.  I've had it twice, and it was more "special" than the pizza.  It has meatballs in there too if you didn't get the appetizer!!  The pasta is obviously fresh and the sauce is divine.  Love it! The service was great as well.  Our water was never empty and they let us eat for just the right amount of time before coming over. For two of us and no drinks, the bill was $42 (without tip).  We have almost half the pizza and a little pasta leftover (granted, we ate gelato BEFORE lunch, but still... a normal person would probably have leftovers).  Good prices for the quality and good portions.
Their ingredients were fresh and the food was good.  We had a super-late lunch here and shared a Riccardo pizza and the lamb special which was lamb leg stewed in a pea sauce. The lamb was well done, but I've had better.  The pizza was one of the better no-tomato sauce pizzas I've had in a while.  If we come by here, will stop by again for pizza.
A charming pizza place. Arthur avenue has this rustic, urban, feel to it, and then you walk in here and you're like wow!! This is much more upscale. The dining room is decorated beautifully and I love the wooden tables, you feel as if you're in Sicily! The pizza was divine because the crust was not too thick nor too thin-just perfect! I really, really love this place. Service was good as well.
Great food, beautiful atmosphere.Loved the duck sausage app over polenta. Try the chianti with a pasta dish :)
I was so excited to eat here w the fam. Major disappointment. Our appetizer- calamari- mediocre. My entree- a special: risotto w shrimp and mussells- was the worst dish Ive had in at least a year. My family agreed ( as i made each of them try it to make sure it wasnt just me). The other entrees were ok( a pizza and cornish hen). Another special- homemade linguini w ricotta- was delicious. Overall, meh.
Really great food. We got here late before they take there break. We had Ragu salentorni. Really good. It has a meatball, sausage, pork belly and something else in a red sauce. And homemade pasta. The waiter was really nice and attended us very well. The place has a beatiful setting. Looks like Italia. Will definitely go again
Love coming to Arthur Ave aft a visit to the NY Botanical Garden. ZON has the best pizza in the area, a nice courtyard style interior and friendly professional staff. They are also accommodating to children.
Our waiter (Dude with glasses) was yelling at everything. Explaining the special and wasn't clear then had a really bad attitude. What my money is no good here? Relax buddy you work for tips, the last thing you need is to catch an attitude. Didn't give us a bread basket to begin with, then looked at me funny when I asked for one. Portions didn't justify the price. Never checked up on us and the plates were over 25 each. These are manhattan prices, and it sucked. Decor is nice, but that's about it. Won't be coming back. Come to Brooklyn for some real Italian.
Absolutely amazing! Great service, great food. We started off with Polpettine, Polenta & Caprino. It was complete heaven - the polenta was creamy perfection. I ordered La Cirilo pizza: Butternut squash puree, cream of truffle,  mushrooms & fresh mozzarella - AMAZING. We finished off with a Cannoli and Tartufo - both were great but the Tartufo is really something special. Highly recommend and will be back!
Great pizza- hands down.  Nice char in the brick oven, and toppings are fresh.  Whether it is sausage and broccoli rabe or porcini mushrooms and basil, I have not been disappointed with the pizza at this joint. The place really is like stepping through to a different area code for sure.  The decor relaxes you, making your choice of food your only concern while you are there.  Staff is friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. I had two minor complaints, though.  One- there is only baked pasta on the menu...what's wrong with a little noodles and sauce?  Two- I am a late diner totally.  These guys close up around 10-11 pm depending on the day of the week.  They really don't mind you staying-trust me, I have been one of the last tables to leave everytime I have been there- but the staff tends to hover.  If you don't mind me staying, relax and go find something else to do while I finish my meal.
Atmosphere is absolutely amazing.  Decorated like a quaint Italian outdoor cafe, dimly lit with candles on the table.  Basically a great place for a nice relaxing meal. Had the quattro formaggi pizza and the neopolitano calzone - both were literally to die for.  Crusts were crispy, but not dry - I am usually not a big fan of pizza crusts but I was pretty much stealing them from everyone at the table. A little pricey but definitely worth it.
We had a great lunch here. First of all we love the ambience of the back room as it feels like you are sitting in an outdoor cafe in Italy.  The pizza (especially the crust) is exceIllent. We also had a chicken special that was very tasty.  For desert we the Nutella Cannoli with gelato. The wine selection was good enough to compliment everything. All in all, this restaurant is reasonably priced.   This restaurant is unique enough that it makes it worthwhile to take the train from midtown.
Pretty darn good pizza! I am surprise to find this lunch spot as I was in the area for work, and literally expecting fast food for lunch. The pasta special was excellent! Butternut squash seafood pasta? Definitely didn't expect that one, and yet it was light! The decor was kinda cheesey as it tries to mimic Italy. Didn't have any dessert, as we were too full! Really want to go again, if it wasn't so far!
After a beautiful afternoon at the Botantical Garden's Orchid Show, a fellow pal and I decided to swing by Little Italy for a quick bite. We were both craving some authentic thin crust pizza, and what better place but in the Belmont area in Bronx.  I went to high school in the area and eating some awesome pizza was one of the most vivid memories I have after getting out of class. I wanted to relive that and Zero Otto Nove definately held up to my memory! We passed but what seemed like a small quiant restaurant with a dim bar and we decided to go in. We requested a table and the hostess brought us back through a corridor and into a beautiful and immense space with a skylight. The setting reminded me of an Italian Theatre. There was exposed brick, high ceilings and painted murals and posters on the wall. Perfect date setting. The tables were well spaced out, and in the middle of the exposed area is a beautiful brick oven. Very traditionally Italian ala Sicily. The pizza was amazing! Very fresh ingredients, thin crust, and the flavors of each ingredient were prominent. Our waiter was also very nice, quick with service, and appeasing. It was a shame we only had time for pizza. I would def come back here again.
Working in the neighborhood for years, I thought I knew every restaurant on Arthur Avenue. Because it never looked like much from the outside, I never gave this place a chance until recently. My wife and I went in on a whim and were quite impressed by both the appearance of the interior and the qaulity of the food. There's a small bar when you first walk in and although the storefront consists of full glass doors, you can't see any tables until you walk through to the back of the establishment. I think this is why I never ventured inside previously - thinking it was  one of the ethnic social clubs (albeit more upscale looking) that sprinkle the neighborhood. Once you walk down the hallway (or tunnel as it appears), it opens up to this rather large room with a 25-30 foot ceiling with a very large skylight. The walls are professionally painted to look like a street from Italy. I hope my description doesn't sound cheesy but its very well done and must be seen to be appreciated. The food was also very good. It was so good, in fact, that my wife and went back with my sister and brother-in-law a week later. Everybody was happy with their entree, although I thought the mini-meetball appetizer was just decent. We'll definitely be back again!
simply amazing! we drive here a 20 mile! Service is great, ambiance is awesome too!! Best pizza ever! Best profiterol ever!!
I really enjoyed this place. Decided to come here because of the yelp reviews. Food was delicious, ambiance was just right. Our waiter was attentive and friendly.  I definitely would go back again.  I also love that the bread basket was refilled without asking and the waiters put on a cute show for people's birthdays.
The decor was awesome. Wish I could say the same about the food and service. We only saw our waiter about twice throughout the entire time we was there. First was to take out drink order. Second was to take our food order. That was about it, did not check up on us the rest of the night. It wasn't that busy, we came in around 9:30pm after the rush had died down. We ordered the Patate Salsiccia E Provola pizza. It was ok, the crust was not crispy at all. I must say Brooklyn's got the best pizza. I ordered the Pasta Al Forno and the pasta was so hard my jaw was hurting after a couple of bites. The only dish I was satisfied with was the pork shank dish, one of the specials of the day. For that, I give this place 1 star.
Otto is the sister of Roberto's, which is a bit more refined and has a feel of  what one might expect to find in Little Italy in the Bronx. The ambiance, the soft  music, and the smell of fresh garlic was relaxing and alluring. The wines by the glass were a little disappointing but the Steak Salad made up for it. We felt a little rushed but it didnt make us eat any faster. The next trip there calls for Pizza, i've heard it's to die for.
Ended up here-as Roberto closed for vaca this week. Big space, more causal, busy and noisy inside-not in a bad way, just different from Roberto. Service way ok-our waiter seemed a bit less helpful than others, and a bit abrupt with us. Food a bit bland, nothing memorable really.   I did not try the pizza.  If I go again, that's what I'll be having based on reviews here.   Overall, a decent place to eat.  Doesn't hold up to the original and only Roberto, and not worth a separate trip.  But if you can't get into Roberto-ok, you'll eat here.
After living in NY for over 9 years I finally made it to Arthur Ave. and it did not disappoint. We were told by an older gentleman on the street to visit this restaurant and we were so glad we took his advice. It was 3 adults and 2 kids, upon entering it was a dimly-lit bar and I wasn't sure if I should be bringing my kids into such an establishment, I mean, I don't want to disturb the other guests.   After we checked in with the hostess she lead us down a long hallway that opened up into a huge dining room. It was beautiful and I felt like I was actually in Italy. It was open, airy and loud - my kind of place with 2 kids. We ordered pizza, pasta and antipasti and everything was over-the-top d-lish!! I love that they get their mozzarella from Casa Mozzarella - they have the BEST mozzarella and gorgonzola olives!! It was by far one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while. If you're in the hood it's a MUST!!
We ate here Saturday night.  We got there late and thought we were in the middle of the dinner rush but we didn't even finish our first drink at the bar and our table was ready.  Great different Italian food, no usual plates here.  Awesome look - the main dining area is like a private courtyard, but its inside with skylights. You pay a little extra but braised short ribs in beer sauce and a first course of farfale with chic peas and pancetta was well worth it. Jen had the risotto pescatore and it was delicious! Happy Anniversary Jen!
Birthday lunch for my sweetheart of 33 years and it was well worth the wait of 30 minutes. Fun to watch the other people enjoying their meals and birthday treats. Portobello al forno was delicious. Best calamari I have had in decades if not ever. Pizza special with thin crust, as it should be, and Bronzino were delightful. We were ready to stroll down the Avenue for a cannoli when we read the desert menu and saw cannoli filled when you order. We stayed and had cappuccino and OMG - that cannoli was undeniably the best we had ever had, including those in Florence and Venice. We will go back to try the pasta dishes and insalata, some of the veal and chicken and more. Multo buono, Grazie!
One of the best. We went here because my kids wanted meatballs and their sister restaurant- Roberto's- didn't have them... At first I was bummed- the menu at Roberto's looked great... But this place did NOT disappoint!!! The butternut squash pizza and the mafalde con Ceci - was awesome- I highly recommend this!!
We had a good experience.  The food was good and the service was better.  Slightly overpriced-we were 3 people who had 4 appetizers and one main for $90. We did not drink. Liked the mussels in red sauce.  The eggplant parm was okay as were the tiny meatballs with polenta. The one pasta dish...well...it was gummy.  The buratta salad was a hit. Didn't have skim milk for the cappuccino :(.  We did like the atmosphere....surprising as the bar area you walk into does not evoke Italy as the dining room does.  We will return to try other dishes and maybe a pizza although the crust seems like an over sized donut surrounding a dish sized pie. 3.5 rating
Had a weeknight dinner here with some friends, very good experience.  Our waiter (young adult) was terrific, wasn't rattled at all when we asked him to cover the specials again, which are (as noted) not quoted for price, which is irritating.   Al Forno is definitely top notch as was a nightly special which was a short linguine w/ lamb, tomatoes, various cheeses.   The interior is very appealing. Very good pastas.  Ordering a pizza as an app. is  a must as well, great 'wispy' margherita pizza.  Definitely stacks up well in comparison to 'your' favorite pies. The little Fiat outside is a little unusual, especially with the signs on it, don't touch, etc.
This place is a solid 3.5, but I believe in rounding up. The decor is like nothing I've ever seen before -- an indoors version of an outdoor square. The service is fine, but relatively clueless.  I'm pretty sure that one of our waitstaff was someone's younger brother whose school had just let out for the summer. The Diavola pizza with spicy soppresata was hot and crispy.  The soppresata didn't add much.  It actually tasted like corner store pepperoni.  But the pizza was a good appetizer nonetheless. The baby octopus baked in tomato sauce were also good, though not nearly as tender as other octopus I"ve had. The same soppresata was also in the pasta al forno, which was forgettable.  (Think: three tiny meatballs and some shreds of soppresata with a large handful of pasta.) It's a pricy meal for what you get -- you do it for the nostalgia more than anything -- but you hardly leave upset about it.
Pretty much everything here is great.  I am a bit of a pizza purist, sticking to traditional ingredients but try their pizzas, they are really surprising and good. For sweet tooths, try the Nutella calzone. If you are adventurous, they have this spicy black squid ink pasta that is amazing and very unique. Beware you will walk out with black teeth and tongue!
Great pizza...nice charred crust with just enough chew. Good appetizers also. Beautiful restaurant....if you haven't been here, wait til you walk through the narrow corridor to the back. A great restaurant in the Arthur Ave area...I'm looking foward to trying out the chef's other restaurant, Roberto's.
oddly enough i had eaten at the 21st street restaurant the same week.  generally speaking, the dishes there were more refined, the flavors tasted balanced.  that being said... arugola salad was good, not too peppery, can't really go wrong here whole branzino was subtle in flavor and meaty broccoli rabe was too chewy mafalde e ceci was delicate and chewy at the same time, very good
The service was excellent, the food was Devine.   I do think it's slightly overpriced but not so much that I wouldn't go back...  Because I will.  The Pasta al Forno is the best!   If your in the Bronx it's worth the wait because they don't take reservations.
With the notoriety rendered upon the majestic proprietorship over Pizza in both Manhattan & Brooklyn, one would question why such offerings are not more highly acclaimed on a little road called Arthur Avenue in the Bronx? From the ramblings of my fellow compatriots, a restaurant located on Arthur Avenue that simply goes by the name Restaurant 0-8-9 is known to serve one of the most humbling and delicious renditions of Neapolitan Pizza in all of the five boroughs.  For those of us whom have been privy to this find, the restaurant is better known as Trattoria Zero Otto Nove (or Restaurant 089 in Italian). The Setting:  To describe the interior confines of Trattoria Zero Otto Nove would be doing it an injustice; the decor is best observed first hand.  At first entry, patrons are in the main bar area of the establishment.  The modest decorations ranging from solid red tiled floors and walls gives this segment of the establishment a relaxed feel.  Immediately after being escorted through the bar is the true marvel of the edifice.  The 20 foot tunneled walk into the main dining room possesses a secretive and tranquil feel.  From the lightly stained sand color rugged brick walls to jagged wooden oak stained doors housing the lavatories, the interior confines immediate produces a feeling of minimalism & grace.  Upon immediate entry to the main dining room is where the true spectacle of Trattoria Zero Otto Nove's architectural genius comes to light.  From initial observation, patrons will find that the decorative art painted on the walls depict scenes of Italian villas and daily neighborhood activities.  The natural light from the clear glass roof opening allows for a candid yet serene feel to the main dining area.  For those dining at Trattoria Zero Otto Nove, the decor of the establishment renders feelings of relaxation and subtlety; thus mirroring the tranquil feel to those experienced in mainland Italy. Despite the appreciation to the attention and detailed rendered to the design of the establishment, Rachel & I are here for the Pizza... Pizza 1: "Margherita" - Simplistic in its design is the classic Margherita Pizza.  Containing San Marzano Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, and Fresh Basil, the presentation of the dish mirrors all other renditions previously consumed.  What should be noted about Trattioria's rendition of this Naples classic are the aromatics stemming from this concoction.  From first scent, patrons will discover a hearty and robust flavor stemming from the San Marzano tomatoes.  A secondary note of buttery sweetness is detected from the Buffalo Mozzarella.  At first bite, patrons will be privy to an explicit flavor profile that's comparable to many, but far exceeds anything ever consumed.  The first notable detection is the slightly charred foundation of the pizza.  The protrusion of subtle sweetness yet savory bite of the San Marzano Tomato Sauce are greatly subdued, yet amplified, but the rich and delicate flavor of the Buffalo Mozzarella.  Patrons will find that the exertion of both sweetness and bold savory properties to work in conjunction with both the San Marzano Tomato Sauce & Buffalo Mozzarella.  Although the Fresh Basil was slight in the application, the subtle hints of vulgarity derived from the refreshing properties allowed for the pungent flavors of the Margherita to truly amplify. Pizza 2: "Caprese" - Contrary to the exquisite and exceedingly complex flavors of the Margherita, the Caprese embodies a subtle yet well balanced flavor profile.  The aromatic base of the application is best described as refreshing and earthy, with little notes of spice and boldness detected from the shaved Parmigiano Reggiano.  At first bite, patrons will discover that the heartiness embodied within the Margherita isn't present with this rendition, but rather a subtle, delicate, and earthy presence.  With a strong bitterness derived from the Arugula, that's complemented by the sweetness of the perfectly ripe Cherry Tomatoes, the pizza itself is transformed to a rendition that embodies a cleansing property when consumed.  The slight application of the Buffalo Mozzarella provided the much welcomed buttery sweetness that amplified the earthy flavors of both the Arugula and Cherry Tomatoes.  Ultimately, the Caprese pizza embodies the true earthiness and complex flavors of the ingredients used in the application.  Although lacking the true heartiness of a San Marzano rich application, the Capreses embodies simplicity, which helps to amplify the natural sweetness and delicacy of the ingredients used in the application. What Pizzaiolo, Robert Paciullo, embodies with his creative rendition is that of exquisite perfection, that's complemented by the exceedingly impressive flavor base.  For those venturing to Arthur Avenue, Trattoria Zero Otto Nove is a must visit.  Such perfection must be sought.
I'd been waiting to try this place out for literally over a year the first time I went.  I go to Arthur Ave every once in awhile, but I kept putting off coming here.  Its owned by Roberto Paciullo, the man behind Roberto's and arguably the best Italian restauranteur in New York.  He's opening another 089 location in Manhattan eventually, but I believe in always trying the original.  Finally I got to try 089, and it definitely lived up to the billing! First thing you notice here is the amount of work they did to make this place look like its smack dab in the middle of some Campanian village.  From the texture on the walls, to the skylight, to the oven, if this place doesn't transport you to Italy nothing will.  The service is very professional, and as hard as I am on servers I found absolutely no fault with them.  Thats a festivus miracle in itself.  And smack dab in the middle of the restaurant was the most important thing: Roberto Paciullo.  He wasn't barking out orders or anything, just sitting and having lunch with a friend.  His presence alone was enough to ensure that everyone was on their game.  Thats great leadership, and exactly what it takes to make a great restaurant one of the best in the city. Since the first time was only lunch, I just got pizza although the rest of the menu made me think twice.  The bread they brought out as well was a great variety, and looked to be from Madonia but could've been from a few different places as there were several kinds.  The pizza I got was the Riccardo, which had buttersquash puree along with smoked mozzarella, spicy pancetta, and basil.  The crust could've used more char, but was pillowy soft and had a nicely risen lip all around.  I was actually expecting something more crisp and with less of a lip as this is Salerno-style pizza, but this worked just fined.  While the crust was great, it was outshined by everything else.  Simply put, this combo WORKED.  The pancetta was the fatty kind they serve in Italy, broken into bits and with a subtle little bit of heat as promised.  This contrasted with the smoked mozzarella from Casa della Mozzarella around the block, which was bursting with milky smokiness.  Combined with the sweetness of the squash, every bite was bursting with flavor.  The only change I would make would be to add a bit more basil, as it acted as a wonderful balancing agent that brought all the different flavors together.  All in all, one of the best pizzas I've had, and thats saying something at this point.   The next time I came back for the normal menu with a group of 6.  For starters we had the zuppa di vongole and the calamari alla peperonata.  Both were pefectly executed, with the sweet, tiny clams being the standout for me; the calamari was also perfectly cooked, with the flavor of the peppers standing out in particular.  We decided to get a bottle of wine, and our server was extremely helpful in selecting one that worked with all of our dishes (a reasonably priced Super Tuscan).  For my main, I got the Linguini al Nero di Seppia e Calamari, which is their homemade linguini in a black squid ink sauce with calamari and cuttlefish thrown in the mix.  It was awesome.  The flavor of the tomatoes wasn't lost and the squid ink wasn't overpowering--two common issues with this dish.  The homemade linguini was a perfect al dente as well.  Once again, the calamari here was perfectly cooked, and the cuttlefish--which feels halfway between octopi and calamari--was too.  This was food exactly as it is in the south of Italy.  Fresh, simple and straight forward.   Also, when we were leaving one of my friends left something behind and the waiter ran out after us to make sure the schmuck didn't forget it.  From the appetizers to the service to the espresso we had at the end, this place was remarkably consistent in how great it was. At this point, if you're interested in Italian food, you've probably heard of Arthur Ave already.  If you haven't gone already, you're probably looking for an excuse.  The restaurants around here can be a mixed bag, but you'd be hard pressed to go wrong with this place.  One weekend, go to the Bronx Zoo for a few hours, use the Southern Blvd exit, walk north a bit and turn onto 187th, and walk over to the neighborhood.  Retail Market, bread bakery, meat market, cheese shop, pasta shop, eat some clams on the side walk at a seafood market, and this place.  If that isn't a good day, then what the hell is?
I am not a 5 star whore! Frequent Yelpers know what I mean. You go to a restaurant take pictures, they ask if you are on Yelp and how many reviews you have. When I tell them how many they ask for 5 stars and throw in a free dessert. It doesn't work with me but I know what restaurants do it and see the 5 stars and I know who the  Yelp whores are. This restaurant doesn't do that and stands on the food, service and ambiance without asking for 5 stars as it should be. This is the restaurant I choose for my official birthday dinner. Though my birthday is not until next week since I had to go to the Bronx today for medical tests we decided to go today though I have a birthday week that we celebrate all week long all month long really! :) Yelp did not allow me to upload new photos , I am not sure why but I will upload if they fix the glitch. When I went before it was before I had a diagnosis or meds so my condition had me in tremendous pain which prevented me from enjoying the food fully  and also the meds help with my digestion. Also last time I was  disappointed in the pizza. Those are all of the reasons I didn't give it 5 stars before. I was sure not to order the pizza this time. In a city known for it's pizza in my opinion there are better options. We ordered the Cauliflower appetizer and goat cheese salad. I had the same dessert  last time  because I really loved it last time! We had 2 specials for dinner one was a lamb and pasta dish with Pecorino cheese the other had Chanterelle mushrooms  and Fava beans. In terms of  the actual entrees and desserts there are few rivals in NYC for Italian food! We mentioned this was my birthday dinner because I wanted to order the lamb dish and my husband  didn't think it would be that good he said well you're the boss it's your birthday! So I did order it and my husband told the waiter he was wrong about the lamb and he is almost never wrong about food so that was big! The waiter took it upon himself to light a candle and put it in my dessert and had the whole restaurant sing happy birthday to me! They got me, it's hard to catch me off guard and he managed to pull that off!  And the ambiance is unmatched in the area! Now that I gave you that background , I am upgrading it to 5 stars. The 5 stars is not for the birthday song or surprise it is because this restaurant  deserves it! For food, ambiance and over the top service! Our server was maybe one of the best servers we ever had! He was really helpful but not intrusive. That is a hard balance to find in a server! The birthday madness has  started already as of tonight!
Zippy, old-world service;  not quite as reasonable as previous reviews may suggest, but the margarita  pizza was good (not on par quite with Pepe's -- or Sally's -- in New Haven), thinly chewing crust, savory sauce;  the seafood salad was pretty skimpy, but acceptable. Duck in for a semi-tacky grottoy bastian of Nuevo Italy on Arththuh Aaave. but certainly worth a visit.  But across the street at Bx mktplace is a dazzling bit of NYC the way it must've been waaaay back.
Being the highest rated pizza shop on Yelp, I decided to check it out.  Once again, Yelp didn't let me down.  This is definitely one of the best pies in NY.  The crust is less crispy and chewier than other famous NY pizza shops but it is full of flavor.  The quality of ingredients is excellent especially the buffalo mozzarella.  Happy eating!
From the moment that the hostess walks you down to their main dining room you know its going to be interesting! The decor and overall aura of the place reminds me of Naples & Sorrento, and the foodddddd....definitely! I had the pollo alla milanese and a Diavola pizza and both were one of the best since living in Italy, in general Little Italy has great pizza but this place is the real deal, the ingredients are so fresh from the bread basket to the last slice of nutella pizza with powdered sugar...oh yeah did I mention that..dessert is always my favorite part of the meal but here they take it to a completely different level, pizza crust with a generous spread of fresh nutella and powdered sugar to top it off, i couldnt eat carbs for a week after that but it was totally worth it...I highly recommend this place, simply one of the top trattoria's in the neighborhood.
Being 8 months pregnant, when I want a certain kind of food, I want a certain kind of food and I want it now. Right? Last night, I wanted brick oven pizza. We didn't want to go into Manhattan, so we looked in Westchester. Then, my genius husband suggested Arthur Avenue, right here in the Bronx. I know all about the legend that is Arthur Avenue ("Bronx's Little Italy") but I never made it over there... until last night. I googled "Arthur Avenue in the Bronx Pizza" and the first hit was Trattoria Zero Otto Nove, or 089.  089 is the area code for Salerno, the town from which the chef hails. One point for authenticity right there. We hopped in the car, not sure if we'd find parking but willing to try. It seemed pretty quiet for a Saturday night... on the street, anyway. We found parking on Arthur Avenue near the restaurant, but there's also a municipal lot nearby (much cheaper than a private parking garage!) if you can't find on-street parking. There was a shiny blue FIAT parked on the sidewalk, coming out of the restaurant, whose front was completely open. The front room is a bar, which made my husband take one look and keep walking while I stood there bewildered. Where was he going? "Hey, come back here!" The tables are in the back, duh. The hostess was very nice and extremely attentive, emphasis on the extremely. She updated us every 5 seconds on when our table would be ready, which wasn't a long wait anyway. We sat at the bar until the table was ready.  We followed her down a long corridor that opened up into a room (with an upper level) designed to make you feel like you're in an Italian plaza. If you've been to Italy (and we have), if you tune out the noise, you could very imagine yourself in a little piazza, for sure. Speaking of the noise... that's the source of the missing star. The place was packed, a good sign, but incredibly noisy. The sound just bounces off the walls and high ceilings. We had a hard time hearing our waiter but we got through it. Other than that, the ambience was familiar and friendly. We started off with a pizza. A pie is cut into 4 slices, so I would order one pie per two people (or if you just want a light appetizer, order one pie per 4 people in your party).  The pizza was made in the brick oven across from our table, and delivered piping hot. All their pizza choices sounded good but we decided on a house special called La Carminuccio, a tomato pizza with pancetta. It wasn't the best best best pizza we've ever had but it was pretty good! We also ordered a dish of mussels in marinara sauce (you can get mild or spicy), which were yummy and a special treat for this pregnant lady who can't eat shellfish to her heart's content. We washed it down with a glass of red wine. The wine list is pretty good and extensive (the whole back side of the menu) but  wines by the glass are not listed, so ask the waiter. We finished off dinner with a yummy tiramisu that was heavy on the espresso and had a faint citrus-y aftertaste. Overall, it was a good experience and we'd go back there again for sure. They don't take reservations, unless you have a large party but on a Saturday night, even with a crowd, we only waited ten minutes for our table. (Regarding Lori's comment about feeling rushed, we didn't get that experience at all... we nursed our wine for awhile and had to ask for the check when we were ready to go. Not sure where the deli comparison comes from because this place is nothing like a deli.) PS The ladies' room was nice and clean-- a good sign, for me anyway!
One of my favorite restaurants anywhere! All the food is amazing, you can not go wrong. Expect to wait on the weekends because the don't take reservations but it's well worth it. Grilled Octopus is always a favorite of mine. It's cooked to perfection which doesn't happen in most restaurants. The mafalde porcini is a cant' miss pasta dish with mushrooms and smoked mozzarella. Anything you get in this restaurant that includes butternut squash or smoked mozzarella you'll be sure to love. The riccardo, Diavola and Margherita Pizzas are all amazing and for dessert you must have the Nutella Pizza. Soooooo good! Also a side note is you can't help but to love when they celebrate someones birthday. they blast Paul Anka's Did you have a happy birthday.
My cousin raved about this place and took us here Sunday, April 28th. I must say the food was to die for. I was very impressed! However the service needs some work. We would grab anyone who was available. We never had the same person helping us. That's my only complaint. Otherwise I highly recommend this place! Make sure to try the Nutella Pizza for dessert.
This is undeniably one of the top Italian restaurants in New York City.  I don't want to set anyone's expectations too high because nobody likes a let down but I promise that if you make your way to the REAL Little Italy on Arthur Ave (and not that Mulberry nonsense) your tummy will be aroused. The brick oven is totally legit (it was hand built in Naples hence 089, the owner's area code and flown in to "da Bronx.") and makes some of the most amazing Neapolitan style pizza I've ever had in the 5 boroughs.  I've eaten here about 6 times and it gets better each time.  The entrees are especially fresh, tasty and interesting. They do not take reservations, which I love, making it a true meritocracy of food.  The waiters are always knowledgeable and rest  assured there will always be some very tempting specials on the menu given the restaurant's proximity to the meat and fish shops e.g. Cosenza's, Biancardi, Teitel Brothers, etc. on Arthur Avenue. The atmosphere is totally chill too.  There is a bar up front which is cut off from the restaurant in the back.  The restaurant is two tiered, both floors  are equally as pleasing and the brick oven is downstairs next to the steps.  The room is illuminated by a lovely looking skylight and at one point I felt like I was lost in some little back alley in Italy. Go befriend a Fordham Student, sniff some flowers in the Botanical Gardens, then waltz down Arthur Ave and plop your rear in a seat here. I'm a former resident of the neighborhood so if any fellow Yelpers need a nice itinerary for a day trip feel free to inquire within.
I had a good experience here. The appetizers and pizza were delicious! The waiters were also very friendly and able to surprise my boyfriend's mother with a happy birthday cake and song. I love the lighting and decor - Italian political ads coupled with soccer posters, sunlight coming in through a skylight in a rustic setting shown by the color of the walls down to the design of the tables. However, there are not many tables for seating. For a party of 5, we had to wait nearly 40 minutes for a table to open up. There was a loft level with tables that was empty where we could have been seated far in advance. It was also not a very busy Sunday - who goes to Italian restaurants on Superbowl Sunday? So, I am not sure why they could not offer this accommodation. Overall, I would definitely recommend a visit to this restaurant - the pizza choices are definitely unique - but come very hungry! Pizzas are quite filling, esp with butternut squash added on top!
I've been here twice and every single thing ordered was amazingly good.  Mussels appetizer, sausage pizza, pasta, eggplant..I cant remember everything we had the 1st time but it was all great.   I can't give 5 starts though because the 2nd time we were here on my birthday and had the world's worst waiter.  We didnt get seated until 9 so I was very hungry.  The couple seated after us already had their appetizer before we were given drinks or bread.  We had to ask the bus boy for help twice because the waiter was nowhere to be found.  He didn't know the menu, couldn't make recommendations or even answer our questions.  I think he was new and hopefully doesn't still work there.
Potatoes on pizza? WTF?  10 minutes later: Why doesn't all pizza have potatoes on it?  I didn't even know I could like potatoes let alone them on pizza!  The diavolo pizza is a bit spicy, very flavorful and delish.  The restaurant is nice inside designed like a European town square.  The service was friendly and helpful.  If I find myself in the Bronx again I shall return.
I can't believe I had never been to Arthur Ave, even though I may have passed by it on my numerous trips to my mechanic on Jerome Ave. I always thought this was a secret place that only the best connected knew of. Probably because I always take Fordham Road to get to the Bronx, and the Big "White Castle' sign takes the attention from the small sign that says Arthur Ave. Well today since it was a bit warmer (33 degrees) I decided to explore this mysterious strip. Finding parking was surprisingly not difficult and I walked the length of Arthur Ave and really enjoyed the lovely Italian neighborhood. I walked into one gift shop and asked for a restaurant recommendation, and was told to go to either Roberto's or Zero Otto Nove. Since the latter was right across, I decided to go in there. 4:30pm was a bit early for dinner, so when i walked in I decided to eat at the bar. The brick oven/kitchen was visible from my seat and I enjoyed the expertise with which the chef;s were cooking each dish. The bar area is dark, with candle lights decor on one wall. The menu was in Italian with english sub titles. I do not claim much familiarity with Italian menus so seeked the help of the bartender and decided to order the "PORTOBELLO AL FORNO - Grilled portobello mushroom, diced tomato, basil and goat cheese baked in brick oven". They started of with bread and olive oil, and the bread itself was extremely good. The Mushroom arrived fairly quickly and one bite into it, I could tell these guys know their stuff. It definitely had a brick oven smoked flavor and was delicious. I took my time fluctuating between the bread and the mushroom and enjoyed the laid-back yet attractive ambiance of the restaurant. After I was done with my food, I took a walk down the hallway behind me to explore the rest of the restaurant. After going through a bricked narrow tunnel, i was surprised to see a dinning area at the back of the restaurant, with exquisite walls and a charming decor. I am giving it a 4 star for now as my experience was limited, but it has definitely interested me to come back here again, and hopefully turn it to a 5.
Great Italian! Their table bread is delicious, esp the herby roasted tomato-topped one. I think it was focaccia, but I may be blaspheming some poor Italian baker's pride and joy. Nevertheless, it was good. We had their appetizer special, some sort of dry-grilled sausage served with broccoli rabe and mushrooms--super delicious!  The saltiness of the sausage was well-balanced with the broccoli. Dinner portions are pretty good sized--I tried the linguine with seafood and squid ink sauce, and loved it. Pasta was chewy, sauce wasn't overpowering, and it was too dark in the restaurant to watch my mouth turn black from the ink. My friends enjoyed their rabbit stew, risotto with seafood, and eggplant parm. Everyone was super full afterwards, but still made room for some dessert! Which was delicious. Not sure if I'd spend $8 for a cannoli when I can walk outside to a legit pastry shop and get one for $2.50, though. Service was great, they took time to explain everything to us and were very accomodating to our requests. Lots of families here on a Saturday night, so plan date night out well! They don't take reservations either. Minus one star for the darkness of the restaurant. I'm used to dimly-lit restaurants, but here I felt like my eyeballs were going to pop out of my head I was squinting so hard to see the menu.
Must say I was not impressed.  Five of us had a mediocre $300 lunch with tip.  We ordered an octopus appetizer, it was steamed, should have been  grilled, a veal, cornish hen, branzino, chicken and pasta entree, and a pizza with broccoli rabe and sausage, two bottles of wine and expresso.  While the prices weren't bad,none of the food could even compare with my local Italian restaurant.  The space was lovely but the food was a huge disappointment.  The service was quite prompt but without any smiles!!  Roberto's is much better!
Artisan pies from a coal-fired oven in the heart of the Bronx's Little Italy have addicted loyal patrons from all over the city & beyond.  The reason to stay for an extra glass of vino, however, is the architecture.  Stroll down a replica of a Salerno alley to a glorious Italian courtyard.  After, jump across the street to the Italian Market, or snag a cannoli from one of the many superb bakeries.
This place is outstanding...The decor inside is beautiful and it's like you are in Italy...So just stepping in, you feel good about the place. Then you meet the waiter. It's like someone from Italy greeting you, then you look at the menu...There is not one thing on there that doesn't look good. But if you are an american looking for chicken parm please don't waste this places time. The food comes out and you can smell the aroma. I been here 3 times and each time it was better then before. The pizza's are amazing. I love the Nutella pizza for dessert. When the check comes you really don't care how much it is because you know that you just experienced one of the best restaurants in the Bronx right after Roberto's
I loved this place! Came in on a tues night, sat down immediately near the wonderful brick oven. The ambiance is so cute and slightly cheeky. But oh man, the meatball appetizer and pizza ARE AMAZING! I will be back this wk to try pasta!
The service was very professional, a liitle pricey but worth it... the serving is moderate,dont expect to come out feeling overly full...But like i said the food is great...very elegant place..definitely a place to impress someone....
I brought a group of friends from Malaysia here after one of my friends - a fellow Bronx native - told me about it. I cannot tell you how ABSOLUTELY AMAZING this restaurant is. This is exactly the kind of culinary experience we need more of in the Bronx. The restaurant itself is gorgeous, very nice and fancy looking, the service was fantastic and the food? A little slice of heaven. There's NO shortage of Italian eateries on and around Arthur Avenue however Zero Otto Nove takes the cake for atmosphere and quality. If we could set up a few of these in other areas of the Bronx and share the goodness, I'm sure people would be excited.
Snippy maitre'd, crowded dining room. However, the bread was great and the pizza was alright, but did not live up to the hype.  I felt rushed and the food was overpriced.  Will not be returning. Prefer Mike's deli anyday.
Very very good food. Staff is always friendly very happy people. Everything about this place makes you cozy and comfy.
Broccoli Robb sausage pizza was insane. Tried 5 other pies. All delicious.
So you know how I raved about Patsy's pizza in harlem and how it is definitely my favorite pizza in the city? Well, it now has a competitor. The margherita pizza was phenomenal.  The dough was chewy and light yet so fulfilling. The sauce was oh so saucy and flavorful. The mozzarella is from case della mozzarella -period. TALK ABOUT FOODGASM OH MY GOD. I just absolutely love this place. The pear salad was extremely refreshing. The polipetti affogati (baby octopus) was so soft and melt in your mouth goodness. And the pasta with copious amounts of calamari and seppia with spicy black ink sauce was I think better than the black ink pasta I had in Italy. No. Joke. Just remember, foodgasm. Once you go, you'll know.
Thank God for NY Times food critics because if it hadn't been for Julia Dunham's article on the Bronx's Little Italy, I would have missed this place.   Nestled between other storefronts, the restaurant looks pretty nondescript  but once you enter the restaurant and pass through the bar, you walk into a beautiful space that has a rustic, warm feel representative of Italy.  (There's a brick oven which adds more character to the space.)  My friend and I ordered their pizzas--I tried the La Riccardo, recommended by Dunham while my friend tried the Capriccosa. Let me tell you, if you love anything butternut, then you will love the La Riccardo.  (Don't get me wrong, I like pizza in its pure form, but gosh, who can resist pizza with butternut puree? That's simply something I cannot pass up and boy am I glad that I tried it!) Aside from the olives, my friend enjoyed his pizza.   Given that I rarely come out to the Bronx, I wanted to try their dessert (even though we planned on hitting up some bakeries afterwards).  Unfortunately, I can't seem to determine what the dessert was called but it was a petite lady finger cake filled with light cream and topped with sliced strawberries and almonds. The consistency could be similar to a tiramisu, but without the espresso liquor finish.  Anyway, I thoroughly enjoyed it except the price seemed a little steep for something you can eat in 5 bites ($7)--seriously, I'm not kidding!
It would've been better if I didn't feel suckered by the dinner special - some sort of lobster and beet pasta dish with truffle oil...Kept going deep-sea diving to find a morsel of beet...Sigh...Are beets more expensive than lobster?! And truffle oil, how many drops did you use? Because I think it evaporated while being carried to my table. The branzino was great and a nice redemption for the special (which was not very special afterall). Dessert was meh...chocolate cake, nothing to write home about.  It is nice to have Little Italy as a go-to in the Bronx though!
The pizza is really the only thing I come here for.  We had eaten here a few times with larger groups and the portions are pretty small for sharing.  The eggplant parm is also delicious.  However, the pizza just steals the show.  Outside of Naples, this is one of my favorite places for a tasty pie (Tarry Lodge is the other)!
Wow...4.5 stars... I don't get it.  Enzo, Mario, ...those places I get, but this place, I don't . Standard disclaimer: I eat out frequently,and I know good food, whether it's perciatelli with sausage and radicchio with shaved parmigiano reggiano...or a hot dog with kraut and mustard. (be it simple or complex, "fa lo stesso"...when food is good, it's undeniable) But when I come to Arthur Ave, I want the Arthur Ave experience. I want to sit at what may as well be a communal table. I want to drink my wine from a jelly jar. I want olives, proscuitto and salami, nice bread (it shouldn't be hard to find, there are more bakeries on Arthur Ave than bars in Hoboken...walk across the street and get some real bread). Regardless, pull all of  this "you didn't satisfy the expectation that I had of my mommy's cooking" nonsense out of the equation, and let's evaluate objectively: Credit where credit is due. The fourth dish, Rigatoni e Zucca (Rigatoni with butternut squash and peas) was delicious (pasta was obviously fresh, and prepared really well). The beef short ribs were also well executed. Fork tender, and tasty. The water and wine glasses were always attended to. The front end staff were friendly. We arrived at 5:12, and were seated upstairs under a constantly blowing air conditioning vent at 6:20. If you do choose to dine here, do not sit upstairs near the wall. Re the wait, I've certainly waited longer than an hour for a table, but the inability of the front end staff to estimate the wait is inconceivable to me. You do this every day. Figure it out. If they can do it at the Cheesecake Factory, you too, can handle it. To continue: For all the hype about the pizza, and especially the crust, ours was as limp as the day is long. The braciola antipasta was tough. Where I come from, braciola is simmered low and slow in a pot for hours until tender. Besides being tough, it was served with porcini mushrooms and hot peppers in a cream sauce...what the what? Our entrees took an hour to arrive, and when they did, mine was the wrong dish, and two out of the four were cold. So, back to the kitchen they went for a "warming". Fyi, I don't want my food warmed. I want it cooked and served correctly. "Warmed" doesn't sound good, and the thought is irritating. Cook my food, get it right, or do it again. My dish, Mafalde Porcini e Provola, was an overwhelmingly smokey mess of undescernable ingredients. Maybe it was just a poor choice on my part, but the flavor balance was way off. Questioned the server about the hour wait for the entrees. Response was "the kitchen is really busy tonight". And?...I was really busy when I waited an hour for the table. What's your point?.  The server showed up with a complimentary pizza with Nutello and espresso for the table. I do genuinely appreciate the gesture. It was not anticpated, nor expected, so kudos to Marco, the 20 year old who was supposedly the manager. The fact that I don't really consider pizza as dessert, or even prefer the taste of Nutello, for that matter, is irrelevant. Would I have rather skipped the Nutello thing and enjoyed a well-prepared meal?...yes. Regardless, things go wrong, and Marco did his best to improve on a poor customer experience, and as mama always said, "It's the thought that counts". Whatever...the summary here is I can get mediocre trattoria food anywhere. When I come to Arthur Ave., I want simple, well prepared, rustic dishes passed down from Nonna...and Nonna's Nonna. That's not what's happening here. All things considered, my world did not end today at T089. I will eat again tomorrow...just not here. --peace.
Always great, authentic, Italian food. Service was good (a little too good at times), great pizza, pasta, etc. A bit noisy, esp during birthday wishes (which is fun). If you going to Arthur Ave, check this place out. Some story about the chef bringing back is Pizza oven from Italy, in pieces. Just look for the Fiat outside.
We ate here this past weekend, and had some mixed opinions. On one hand, this restaurant had great ambiance and a very authentic assortment of dishes. On the other, it is somewhat over priced for the portion size and the food was prepared with minimal skill. Don't get me wrong the ingredients were exceptional but my pasta, for example, tasted a little overcooked and was not worth the almost $20 it cost (plus was much smaller than the normal serving of pasta at Italian restaurants).
I met two friends for dinner here last Thursday night. We mixed it up and ordered a ton of stuff and shared. For starters, the pizza was fantastic. I own a pizzeria, and was really impressed, The sauce & cheese were married perfectly and the crust was thin & crisp. We had soft shell crab, risotto, calamari, all were excellent. The service was as good as the food. The waiter was really accommodating and attentive. He gave us several recommendations that were great as well. What else can I say? Got give it a try, you won't be sorry!!!
On a whim we decided to come to Arthur Ave for a traditional "Sunday Dinner". Well it did not disappoint!  We had: the Osso Bucco, Short Rib, 2 pasta dishes, a brick pizza and pasta Fagioli (excuse my spelling).  EVERY dish was amazing. So, to keep this short and simple: GO!
As a fan of Roberto's in the Bronx, I was very excited to try out Zero Otto Nove for a special dinner. It was decently busy for a Friday night when we walked in, and the indoor area is very spacious. It's a much larger restaurant than I was expecting! For starters we split the small meatballs with polenta, which was delicious. I got the Mafalde con Salsicca e Provola as my entree and ate that right up. It was very good! My boyfriend was less happy with the Pollo Affumicato which looked to me like a chicken cutlet with a large amount of mozzarella melted on top. I'd go back since mine was delicious, but I might have a hard time getting him to come with me.
Located on Arthur Ave., this Italian eatery serves up some pretty delicious and fresh food ranging from pizzas and pastas to salads.  The place is pretty nice once you walk inside with a rustic decor.  The main bar area also houses their brick oven for their pizza making.  The food was all good, and anywhere that serves home made pasta gets good reviews from me since Im a pasta/noodle whore.    Prices were reasonable, staff was friendly.  Will definitely be back.
BEST PIZZA, EVER!  My favorite are the two pizza with the butternut squash puree topping.  Beautiful dinning area with friendly waitors.  Long waiting line on the weekends and weekday evenings.  No reservation allowed!
We aimed at this place after a long day at the Botanical Garden (like a lot of other visitors). Having read the five-star Yelp reviews I insisted that we eat there regardless of the 30-minute wait time. If I only knew that it would be another hour before we actually start eating! I don't remember waiting for so long for the food to arrive. By the time it came everybody's hunger has gone to the stage of "whatever-not-hungry-anymore-letsgetoutofhere". So, the only thing that could have cheered us up would be spectacular food or super warm and welcoming service. Voila! None of the above. Nothing special. Yes, my kids liked the pizza. I don't even remember what I ordered, but definitely nothing to write home about. And the waiter had strange attitude - like he was doing us a favor by even stopping at our table at all. So, at some point we had to get attention of another guy who had a tiny bit more enthusiasm about his job. As for the design of the place - yes, interesting idea, but a bit cheesy and cold execution. Overall, the experience did not help to end the Botanical Garden trip on a high note. Disappointing and even exhausting.
A-okay... Butternut squash rigatoni was pretty good, but squash was not as prominent a flavor as I had hoped; meatball polenta goat cheese appetizer was great. All of the pizzas passing by looked really good.
Perfectly adequate.  But if you're coming up to Arthur Ave. to get something special, don't bother coming here.  The pizza is too doughy; everything else is just average.
Wonderful place on old Arthur Ave in the Bronx.  Real brick oven pizza - I had the LA CIRILO  which is: Butternut squash puree, cream of truffle, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella.  I can't tell you how good it was!  Service is terrific.  Everything is homemade.  Gigantic menu, so nobody will be unhappy.  A great experience!  Lunch & dinner, closed on Mondays.
Pizzz all nutella is not to be missed - a great finish to the short ribs.
Things started out well enough, but deteriorated over the course of the meal.  The restaurant knows it's audience- there's an old Fiat 500 parked out front.  The decor is on the border between cute and over the top- almost achieving the feeling of being in an Italian restaurant at Disney World.  The talent is clearly local.  Our waiter, an earnest young dude, really cracked me up- when we asked for a wine recommendation, he said that he wouldn't give one, because if we didn't like the wine it would then be the restaurant's responsibility.   I was expecting to sign a release from liability form before our entrees were served (which, in retrospect, wouldn't have been a bad idea).  Despite our waiter's anxiety, we settled on a good bottle of Sicilian syrah, for $42.   We were served a couple of baskets of excellent bread.  The appetizers were OK to good.  The special of grilled sausages, artichoke hearts, arugula and cheese were good.  The Italian tuna salad was ok, though I would wonder about the fish's provenance.  An arugula and parmesan salad was OK.  The main courses continued the meal's decline.   My buddy's hangar steak was good.  I had the pasta special.  I don't order pasta often and was disappointed when it was overcooked.  the ragu was OK.  My wife and a friend ordered branzino.  It was served cold and was about 30% filleted, making for an annoying dining experience.   Dinner with friends is always fun, but there has to be a better place on Arthur Avenue than this.
By far the best Italian food I've eaten in a restaurant in years!  The atmosphere gives a setting of sitting in the middle of an Italian piazza.  The waiters cater to you and provide excellent service.  We ate Margarita pizza, eggplant parmigiana, and pasta forno.  All dishes were extremely fresh with a homemade Italian flavor.  I highly recommend dining in this fine Italian trattoria.
For starters the place is beautiful, feels very authentic like a villa in Tuscany,  Which brings me to the wine.... a tuscan wine....heavenly.  The pizza?  perfect crust and smoked mozzarella... have you ever?  Arugula salad oh so fresh... 60.00 bucks for lunch... two personal pies and one shared salad a bit much but oh so good.   A do over for sure.
first time down in this neighborhood, and its a nice place to stop by for some decent food - not far from the zoo or botanical garden or fordham - maybe even walkable. some of the other restaurants seemed a little more fancy, so we decided to hit 089 for lunch on this casual saturday outing .. we had the margherita and the four cheese. both were good, authentic pizzas, not too huge, probably if you are hungry you could eat a whole pie yourself. the margherita i thought was a bit heavy on the tomato sauce and light on the basil but it was still very good - great crust, well cooked, quality cheese. the four cheese one was (naturally) very cheesey and salty, but still good - you could taste the smokeyness of the mozz and the overall creamy cheesy goodness was excellent - and just like the margherita it was very nicely cook, a little char for crunchyness and a decent chewy crust.  they take charge cards (visa/mc), some places down here don't .. nice place, and i hopefully will be back soon! great neighborhood.
Crust, crust, CRUST! And you can taste the freshness of the mozzarella in every bite of yummy pizza.... Fabby mcfabulous!!!
This was an interesting spot.  We ate here after running the Run for the Wild 5K in the Bronx Zoo.  Just had pizza and wine at the bar.  Excellent experience.  I'll be back!
My girlfriend and I love this restaurant. Deliciousssss Pizza... La riccardo is to die for.. We always get it... Butternut squash, pancetta, basil, smoked mozzrella... Serious shit! The margarita is good too. The pear and goat cheese salad is delicious as well as their cheesecake!!! Wow.. So silky and so perfect...  The specials also sound delicious everytime we go, but there is only so much you can eat. Tonight I had the oso bucco with risotto... Amazing... Licked the plate. In another ocassion i had the chicken Scapariello... Sooo good, no sides but thats okay. The bread is great and the olive oil at the table is great quality. And lastly, the servers and whole front of the house staff is on point all night. Love this place. Our favorite go to spot.
Got the la Riccardo pizza ( butternut squash purée, smoked mozzarella, pancetta, basil).  Amazing.  The crust was perfect too.  It's been two days and I am still pining for this pizza.  Friends meals were great.  Good service.  Beautiful restaurant as well.
We try to go here every time we visit the area. Great service amazing food. The seafood is of the highest quality and the dishes; are simple and delicious. The food brings a smile to our faces every time a dish is presented to us and we greedily gobble it all up!  The portions are large for the price!  Make sure you go here!
Very good - was led here by great reviews by fellow Yelpers! Great ambiance and EVOL is from Roberto's just up the street- I like that they keep the money in the community. Great food!  I would save room for dessert at one of the bakeries on the street just to keep another locally owned place in business.
Pretty good pizza.  Nice dough....soft...could be a bit more flavorful.  Very nice toppings
