We were here again for dinner and had equally incredible experience. We had the six course fixed price meal. From start to finish, everything was outstanding. Our personal favorite was the porcini, honey, Vermont feta cheese, and blueberry dish. This is without a doubt one of our favorite new restaurants in Buffalo. The food itself is outstanding - innovative, fresh, local, and delicious. We enjoyed our experience so much that we wanted to stick around for the second seating! Martin Cooks is more than a meal; it is an experience. The music, hospitality, and atmosphere make for a special evening out. We would definitely recommend dinner at Martin Cooks for any special occasion- birthday, anniversary, etc. But don't wait for a special occasion to check out Martin Cooks. We are gluttons and plan to return as soon as we have another night without the kids! The kitchen is immaculate. We had such a great time sitting at the bar and watching the chefs at work. And, don't forget, you can enjoy lunch and brunch at Martin Cook's as well. You can choose from the menu during lunch and brunch. For dinner, you must have faith in the chef's selections - but it is well deserved! Martin makes everything seem effortless. This is certainly a destination restaurant. If you don't live in the immediate neighborhood, it is without a doubt worth the drive. Oh, one more thing... the restaurant is very accommodating to dietary needs. There was at least one vegetarian dining during our seating. Her meal looked just as impressive as ours. You won't just be eating a salad here if you are a vegetarian!
I went down to Horsefeathers Market on a Saturday in June because I was wondering if the Winter's Farmers Market was just taking place. It wasn't but my mom and I decided to stay and have brunch at Martin Cooks. The menu had a few different options and a lot of the food featured trendy flavor combinations and ingredients. We started with mimosa's which I think is a brunch staple. My mom chose a cold leek soup with a cucumber sandwich and I chose a turkey avocado sandwich on sunflower bread (which was super delicious) with a cold grain salad. My mom seemed to thoroughly enjoy her food although she was skeptical of the cold soup at first. The grain salad was ok, a little bland for my taste but this could be because I don't typically eat cold grain salads so this a was first. My sandwich was comprised of powerful flavor combinations as I always love cool avocado and turkey. There were a lot of pickled onions but I easily took off the excess. My only complaint was this sandwich was incredibly hot. I love hot sauce and can usually take a lot of heat but something on this sandwich was causing my mouth to burn. Nothing a little water and mimosa can't fix. We sat at the main bar looking into the kitchen area and I loved the ambiance of this restaurant! The exposed brick is beautiful and it is decorated gorgeously. I love the concept of watching the staff prepare the food right in front of you. I would like to try this place again some time but since I am such a picky eater I think it would be best for me to go again during brunch.
Went to check out the horsefeathers market, and the activity and buzz in the restaurant, which has an open kitchen, convinced us to sit down and try the brunch menu. I had a buttermilk biscuit with a fried egg, pancetta, bacon and pan fried spinach. It was light, delicious and a perfect size for brunch. I also had homemade unsweetened mint iced tea, which the chef informed me was the recipe his mom used to make. It was refreshing and tasty, and served in a mason jar. It couldn't have been a better Saturday morning meal. There was also great conversation at a communal table, and the exposed wooden support beams and brick made me feel like I was at someone's house in their kitchen. The chicken pot pie also got great reviews from some of the other patrons. Definitely check out Martin Cooks!
Had an excellent bagel with lox - smoked one side - fresh on the other.  Vibe was upbeat and fresh and the gorgeous day just added to everyone's good mood.  Martin you cook just fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What is Martin Cooks? There are so many poignant answers to that question.  One answer is the first step towards, and merely a glimpse into the incredible mind and culinary dreams of Chef/Owner Martin Danilowicz.  Another equally suitable answer is the catalyst powering the gentrification of Connecticut Street.  However, I think the best answer is the apotheosis of Buffalo Cuisine combining equal parts theater, skill and taste; each individual part bursting with creativity and mastery. Martin Cooks, like El Bulli or Alinea is more of a concept than a restaurant.  My beautiful Wife likens the concept to a mystery themed dinner party.  There are two dinner seatings per night (6 pm. and 8 pm.) for a minimal number of guests, all seated around a large bar area focusing directly on the kitchen.  It is there in that focus where he draws the diner's or more aptly the participant's attention to what he does best, preparing amazing dishes.  He forces your attention to a kitchen gushing with a zen-like calm not present in any other kitchen in Western New York.  He forces your attention onto his creations which he presents to the participants with a hallowed grace as if each course were a holy sacrament.  All too often the food/the art, is forgotten or minimized in a miasma of emotions from a heated conversation, or by the fumblings of a waiter who does not have half of the Chef's love or knowledge for what he is serving.  Chef Martin has ingeniously created an environment which maximizes his love for each dish he creates, forcing the participant to focus on the individual flavors and the stories surrounding the dish.  While this may subdue conversation with your dining companion, it allows conversations amongst strangers, and more importantly conversations about what we are eating, the raison d'etre of the meal.  Food is theater and Chef Martin indulges us.  The minimalist name says it all Martin Cooks; no more, no less. During the course of the meal Martin will wow you with his showmanship and hullabaloo.  He will also enchant you with stories of his work ethic and commitment to his craft, working gratis for mega-Chefs like Susur Lee in Toronto.  He will delight you with stories of the old woman who shared with him her old family recipe for Bolognese sauce while he was sharpening his trade in Italy.  He will inspire you with his future vision for the building, like the soon to be opening grocery store stacked with his own items like jellies and pickles, and imported seafood from Italy and Spain the likes of which Western New York has never known.  His vision is a wonderland of food where the participant is engulfed in all that is beautiful about his craft: the ingredients, the tools of the trade, and the sights, smells and sounds of cooking. Personally, I was most moved by the story of the space itself.  Chef Martin took his entire bank account ($20,000.00 I was told) and refurbished the entire space, saving money by doing most of the work himself.  My original thought was that $200,000 to $500,000 went into the renovation of this beautiful and rustic space...I was way off.  His neighbors on Connecticut Street were so happy to have him move in that they all chipped in and paid for his signage.  He is quick to point out that if the restaurant failed he would be moving back in with his Mother.  With a two month waiting list to get a seat for the show, this eventuality now seems a distant possibility.   It is my strong belief no matter how wonderful the dining space is, how theatrical the presentation is, above all else it is taste that matters most.  While the ambiance, stories and ingredients may elevate a dish, the taste is the thing wherein you'll catch the conscience of the Chef.  Chef Martin's focus is not on avant garde technique or high-end ingredients.  There is an immersion circulator clearly visible to all the participants, but this is merely a tool, not the main attraction.  Like the name of the restaurant the food is simple and minimalist.  He names his dishes, pork and beans, mac and cheese, duck, duck goose.  However, the names are merely hints as to what will find itself on your plate.  The pork and beans was a braised pork belly served with Annisette soaked butter beans.  His tuna Nicoise was served with a truffled, deviled egg, imported Italian Tuna and a charred Nicoise olive smear.  Martin Cooks is not a foray into the wild and the exotic, it is a celebration of simple flavors coaxed to the forefront with expert technique and a know-how for pairing.   To definitely answer my original query, Martin Cooks is the ultimate atelier for the Artist, Chef Martin to create and showcase his life's work represented by perfectly prepared courses in an exciting themed meal.  Chef Martin's passion for his trade is intoxicating and something we are lucky to have gracing our fair Queen City.  He is truly of the utmost echelon of Chefs.  Do yourself a favor and indulge yourself in his ode to taste and cooking.
I love Martin Cooks, even before he had this permanent location in the summer market I couldn't help myself! His vegan chili was amazing! I'm super excited :)
First off - please know that the stars don't refer to food quality. But we can't post without stars, so I had to put something.  Here's the story - since the Martin Cooks' door says they open at 8am Tuesday through Sunday, some friends & I thought it would be nice to drop by there for something brunchish before going to Horsefeathers Market.  But when we walked in at 8:30 (oh, it smelled SO good!), the women working there seemed absolutely astonished that we might be there to eat.  They weren't rude or anything, just told us that, no matter what the door says, they don't start serving until 9.  So we went away, hungry.  I just wanted to put the word out that, since being open isn't the same as serving food at Martin Cooks, if you want to eat there,  you might want to call ahead & see when they're actually serving.    Sigh.
Fun place, menu changes frequently.  Very inventive and all food of high quality. Wait staff very accommodating.
I am behind on reviews, so sorry.  Group went for Prix fix  meal.  What an opportunity to taste foods that are an experience.  Please don't take people who don't like food because they will not appreciate the time and effort that goes in to the pallet pleasing items and the presentation, presentation, presentation,  Martin is not too hard on the eyes either.  One of my daughters feels that every successful marriage probably has a man who cooks dinner once in a while.  I know, I know, you are asking what does this have to do with the restaurant, nothing but needless to say if you don't understand the intent, there is no way I could possibly explain.  The greeter (I believe his name was Tim) was so personable.  He met us at the door and we toasted with champagne.  We asked him to suggest beverages and he served us some unique drink with a melon ice cube.  Everything about this place is attention to detail and I'm glad it's in Buffalo.  Fantastic place for a group of friends, but come ready to experience taste and delight in it.  Watching Martin and his assistant prep the plates a bonus.  I believe you can make special requests, but please check that first and call early.
Outstanding. Creative. Flavorful. Totally great experience.  Thought that seating would be a problem for socialization but enough time between courses to meet new friends and chat with others. While expensive it was worth every penny. You rock Martin!!  Keep the great vibe going.
Have to admit I came here cause a friend works here. We decided to eat Brunch on Saturday to see what the fuss was all about and to gather my own opinion. I was totally amazed with the quality of the food (oh and the staff). It's very rare that I can actually sit and eat a full meal without finding something that could be better however on this occasion I could not. In this not so great neighborhood there is a place that is well worth visiting. If you are in Buffalo there are 2 places you must visit. Niagara Falls and Martin Cooks. Probably the freshest vegetables in New York and the best presented food I have seen outside of a restaurant in Beverly Hills. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Check it out.
You're probably a little skeptical of the place based on it's location in Buffalo but it's definitely a must try spot for brunch. I don't normally go for steak and eggs but that seemed to be the only "safe" option on the brunch menu the  morning my boyfriend and I decided to check it out. The steak was cooked perfectly and was complimented with a spinach topping with superb flavor. Even the sourdough bread the steak and eggs came on was great! My boyfriend had the taquitos. Definitely the better meal of the two of us! This dish had a perfect combination of spicy and creamy-ness. I would highly suggest trying this if its on the menu. The prices were on the higher end but money well spent!
I've had this place bookmarked for some time now and was finally able to try it for lunch last week. We just walked in and took a seat at the bar. The menu was simple but very interesting. All the ingredients were clearly listed. There was a pasta dish, some sandwiches, taquitos (along with other things). Prices were about $11-$15 for a lunch item, a little high for lunch but I knew I was paying for quality here. I ordered the beef taquitos. The dish came out as 3 tortillas wrapped up inside of a bowl - they were covered in a spicy yet flavorful hot sauce, guacamole and sour cream and it was was all covered in a slaw. Something was mixed in with the beef that made it taste cheesy. It probably was cheese but I couldn't pick out exactly what it was. Nevertheless, it was absolutely delicious. My friend got a tuna sandwich which was unlike any tuna sandwich I ever tasted. It had such an emphasis on the accompaniments to the tuna rather than the tuna itself. I don't know if that makes sense but it was absolutely amazing. I can't wait to go back here and try more things.
My husband and I live in NYC and were in Buffalo for a business trip for me and birthday trip for him. I picked Martin Cooks for my hubbys birthday dinner from the great yelp reviews, cool photos, description of the restaurants dinner seatings and obviously what we prefer when we spend some dough on a nice birthday dinner. I love that dinner (one of two seatings that night-ours was at 8PM) is served at the bar as it's the best kept secret in a ordinary restaurant for the fastest service, great views, best happy hour prices (sometimes) and some close, intimate conversation. I LOVED that when I made the reservation they kindly inquired about allergies and simply stuff you may not want to eat for that nights custom menu. I work in an industry where decisions are constant and unrelenting so I was grateful for the simple luxury of Martin making us something fantastic with no decisions required. That just enjoy the night, we got it feel is fostered as you arrive and are handed a glass of champagne and assigned a seat, just like at a dinner party. Except this one feels warm and just a wee bit delightfully exclusive because there is no one else in the joint except the people attending. The restaurant's decor matches the vibe with a industrial hip, warm without trying too hard, atmosphere. The menu is at each place setting and has a brief mysterious tongue in cheek description of what the theme is for the evening. When each perfectly timed course is served, you are given a brief description of what you will be actually eating which varies from American to Mexican to Italian to Thai inspired plates. EVERYTHING was imaginative and DELICIOUS! I literally cleaned all but the last course's plate (which I never do) and I didn't eat all of that because I was gonna explode (it was a difficult decision). Although this is a tasting menu, you do not get small portions..and with the quality of food and service (cocktails are great too!) it warrants a higher than average price point. Hell, it was worth it for the dessert alone (a glass ashtray with a brownie hidden under nutty white powder and a cigarette wrapped in edible paper filled with chocolate!! It looked real people). Lastly, the chef Martin (and very attentive, small, unobtrusive staff), seemed so nice, unassuming and authentic. He took his time to speak with each party and I really enjoyed our conversation (mainly about how NYC eateries are often SO over rated) and hope that Martin sees this on his many trips to NYC to scout whats new on the food scene (See? a great chef!), hey Martin, we were the super cool couple ya wanted to lunch with, I work in advertising and the hubs works for Central Park! I can't FB because I hate FB! ;) Anyways guys, I have traveled some of the world, live in NYC and eat anything and everything and work in an industry where expensive dinners and lunches are par for the course, but this restaurant my friends is one of the best i have ever been to. GO!
Absolute best restaurant in Buffalo. I've tried numerous items on the lunch menu and every dish is better than the last (if that's even possible). A little pricier than other restaurants in the area but for good reason-- the food is worth every penny! Martin is in the restaurant so often I sometimes wonder if he lives there; his dedication to the restaurant is evident. On top of having the best food EVER, the atmosphere is on point and the staff are great. I would highly recommend this restaurant even to the most critical of foodies. Two thumbs up!
This is seriously the best food in Buffalo (and is on par with excellent food in any city). I've been here for lunch a half a dozen times and have never been disappointed. The restaurant/market combo is unique for Buffalo and if you happen to have a wait you can peruse the various other stores. On the weekend the market expands to the downstairs, hosting local farms, baked-goods, etc. Yes, sometimes it's busy, but that's an awesome thing for Buffalo. We're far too accustomed to walking into a restaurant and sitting down immediately and then getting our food within 10 minutes. (That's a sign of a failing restaurant and/or poor quality food). Another good sign is that dinner here is consistently booked weeks in advance. I recommend making a reservation 3-4 weeks before you want to go. They do two seatings on Friday and Saturday night, one at 6p and one at 8p. The decor is spot on - no cheap looking lighting or knick-knacks that look like they were purchased from Marshall's in a last minute scramble. It's one of the better interiors in Buffalo. While I respect people's opinions, I think you'll see that the lower ratings all reference one instance where something did not go 100 percent perfectly, which I believe is not the best way to judge a restaurant. Yes, if you consistently go and it's consistently disorganized or the food is bad or the staff is rude (again, consistently), then you have a legitimate complaint, but a one time mistake doesn't make a restaurant just "ok." This is a great restaurant with consistently excellent food and is way above your average Buffalo dinning.
Martin cooks is an overall food experience so please do not offend it by just calling it a restaurant. If you are a true Buffalonian you will no doubt start your journey by taking in the amazing location you are in. Take the time to appreciate your surroundings. The fact that you can watch cook is one of my favorite parts.   On my soap box for small businesses: There is limited seatings on the nights they are open so I suggest you make reservations. I also suggest that you keep them. Martin uses only superior quality, fresh ingredients and plans accordingly. As his menu changes weekly it is only courteous to be conscious if how he runs his business. Again true Buffalonians understand how much it takes to open and keep open places like this.   Now for the food. Our menu was: Peas and Ham Asparagus and Eggs Garlic Ravioli and Ramps Roast Chicken and Morels Carrot Cake Before you judge the menu, it is not what it seems. (Note , I do not claim to do these descriptions justice) The peas and ham was a puree of english peas with a slice of puff pastry stuffed with prosciutto. There were shavings of rendered prosciutto fat on the top along with whole peas and flowers. The green and white asparagus was topped with crumbled eggs, and flavored olive oil Like caviar. I loved those My favorite dish was the garlic ravioli. It had ridiculously creamy filing. The sauce was out of this world. I wanted to like the bowl so badly. My husbands favorite was the roasted chicken and morels. The chicken texture was fantastic. Melted in your mouth. The morel puree that was flavorful and very complimentary with the protein The carrot cake was topped with a pineapple compote, candied carrot and a smear of carrot based cream cheese   It was all around incredible with just the right amount if sweet. Martin took the time to stop over and chat. You can tell he is extremely proud of the quality food he puts out, the experience he provides and loves what he does. Remember while the price may seem high, you have to appreciate what type of food you are being treated to as well as the experience you are having. If you can do the above, this place is a must try in Buffalo.
This is hands down the best dining experience I have ever had in Buffalo.  I went on a Saturday night with some girlfriends, and Martin created a delicious French dinner. The open air kitchen, intimate setting, quality of ingredients, and talent of the chef make this a very unique dining experience. Be prepared to try foods you would never otherwise try and be pleasantly surprised. I never thought I would like escargot, and the way it was prepared was unbelievable! Go with an open mind and your gourmet palate ready to be pleased!
All of the 5-star reviews before this one weren't kidding. Martin Cooks' dinner is a truly amazing  experience. There's nothing else like it in Buffalo. The atmosphere was very warm and friendly upon our arrival; the staff all had smiles on their faces as they were setting up for our 8:30 meal; something you don't always see in restaurants. They took our coats and gave us a glass of champagne. Martin himself walked around introducing himself to everyone, and he's a great guy to talk to and will happily answer any questions you have about the restaurant. For starters, the Sangria is wonderful. I stuck to that for my drink of choice for the night. The theme for the meal was Soul Food. The first course "Shrimp & Pimento Cheese" was an amazing flavor explosion...but only one bite's worth; just a tease of what's to come. About 20 minutes pass between each of the six courses, so it's worth noting that you're going to be there for a couple hours and you better be dining with someone you'll enjoy chatting with for that long! Next up was "Sweet Potato Soup". I'm not much of a soup guy, and I never in a million years would have guessed that this would be my favorite course of the night. It was truly one of the best tasting things I've ever hard in my life. I could drink a jug of it. Simply incredible flavor. The third course was  "Macaroni & Cheese"; Martin warned me that it wasn't what I expected. and that proved true! It was a stuffed shell with collared greens and sharp cheddar melted over it. Very cool, creative take on the title. "Braised Pork Belly" was up next. and it was perfect. Like candy. Tough to go wrong with Pork Belly, but it was prepared very well. "Fried Chicken" was an amazingly presented chunk of, well, fried chicken over grits with maple syrup sauce. It was like a...southern cupcake. Incredible. The dessert was "Ambrosia Salad"; a light and tasty citrus snack. I definitly needed the dessert to be on the lighter side; even though the portions of all six courses are very small, they are so packed full of flavor that I was fully stuffed. Overall, it's a pricy meal but you truly get what you pay for. Worth every penny. I'll be back.
After hearing so many wonderful things about Martin Cooks and also enjoying his food at a private party, I couldn't wait to make my way into this restaurant for a meal.  I don't know if I heard too much hype or if I swung by on an off-day, but I don't think I'm under the Martin Cooks spell just yet...   After spending some time at the Horsefeathers market, my fiance, his brother and I decided to head up to Martin Cooks for brunch.  Obviously, it goes without saying that the building is beautiful.  I love the way the light streams into the dining space.  The chandeliers and artwork are also a nice touch.  Aesthetically, this place is a gem.  There is nothing else like it in Buffalo and especially not in this neighborhood.   While the energy and the atmosphere are unique, chic and upbeat, it is also disorganized and chaotic.  As I mentioned, we stopped by at a very busy time, so perhaps this is not typical.  However, we felt lost as to whether or not we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated. Do we put our name down somewhere? Is there a host or hostess lingering around in a corner? Maybe this one is on me but the lack of direction was confusing!  We asked another patron at the bar about the protocol and she informed us that we could just plop right down anywhere.  It almost felt like an upscale cafeteria. Luckily enough, we were able to snag three seats together at the bar.  Once we sat, it was unclear whether or not the servers recognized that we were newcomers or if we had been there for a while because it took quite a bit for someone to come welcome us and take our drink order.  Additionally, we never really had just one server throughout our entire meal.  Instead it felt like all the employees were just jumping in, which is fine... but just seemingly disorganized. On a more positive note, we really enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the food preparation take place.  It's always nice to see the way in which your meal is being put together.  It is clear that the chefs at Martin Cooks are intent on providing high quality, tasty meals for patrons. After about 15-20 minutes, we received our order. I had the huevos rancheros, my fiance had an egg breakfast sandwich and his brother ordered blintzes. Each meal was very tasty, warm and fresh.  Although I enjoyed the huevos racheros, the presentation was a little odd.  Typically, the eggs and other ingredients rest on top of tortillas.  At Martin Cooks, the tortillas were rolled up like cigars and placed on the side.  I think I prefer the traditional presentation because the tortillas are able to soak up some of the flavor of the other ingredients.  Regardless, although each meal was good, the servings were a little bit on the small side for $11-12.  We didn't mind spending that much for each plate, I think we each just wished that our meals came with a little something on the side.   When we finished eating, I asked [one of] our server[s] if it would be possible to have two separate checks: one for my fiance and I and another for his brother.  The server seemed irritated. I know it's not ideal to divide checks, but I don't think this is an outrageous request either.   All in all, I would give this experience 3.5 stars.  Better service would have made all the difference.  However, I am sure that coming in for dinner is a completely different experience.  For this reason, I I look forward to trying Martin Cooks again at a less chaotic time in the day where we are given more attention and able to actually relax.
Those of you who read my reviews know that I'm not a fan of fancy-schmancy food (no elk or duck or oysters for this gal!).... but I do LOVE simple foods done perfectly.... especially when they are kicked up a notch with unexpected ingredients.  And, a wonderful setting with terrific service is ALWAYS great. For me, "Martin Cooks" is the perfect restaurant.... for breakfast and lunch at least.... the dinners are a bit too "exotic" for me.  I've been here with my son for the former (house-made bagels and cream cheese with delicious coffee) on Saturday mornings during the "Horsefeathers Market".... and for lunch yesterday. I love the setting. What a BEAUTIFUL reuse of an old building!  And the seating options are fantastic..... two long bars, a few smaller tables, and one large community table at which to dine. Upon looking at the lunch menu yesterday I had a difficult time deciding because everything sounded so good.  Each week the menu changes according to the fresh ingredients that are available.  Soups, sandwiches, veggie chili, and pasta dishes are made with interesting, fresh, and (when ever available) local ingredients.  I had almost decided what I wanted when the waiter came over and told us about two additional "specials", one of which was "Sloppy Joes".  WOW!  I couldn't wait! This sandwich was a far cry from "Manwich", my friends (not that I don't honestly enjoy those).  It was made of perfectly seasoned and sauced ground beef with bits of onion and celery served on a lightly toasted sesame seed roll.  Yum!  I could eat that sandwich every day and be perfectly happy... and being the ultra-cool person that I am, I had to tell that to Martin (who politely smiled). It was served with delightful potato salad that was interesting in that it had chunks of dill pickles and cilantro leaves in it along with the perfectly cooked and seasoned potatoes. The only disappointing thing is that they don't serve anything for dessert.  Coffee and tea, yes.  Sweets, no.  I saw a couple of  "experienced" diners get up and go over to neighboring "Blackbird Sweets" and get cupcakes to bring back to their table to enjoy with their coffee. Great idea!  Next time.....
I loved the food, didn't love the service.  I give the food five stars for Buffalo, four stars for NYC. I had the potato knish and my friend had the steak and eggs during our Sunday brunch.   The waiter didn't explain our drink options or review the menu with us. When I asked what a doskit was he quickly explained it was a biscuit with a hole in it, but didn't give me any other details so I ordered a more self-explanatory item.  I would have definitely ordered a cocktail had I been presented with options.   Hopefully, they will get a bartender and barista, so the servers can focus on the customers.  When I asked for milk for my coffee he grabbed the milk from the couple next to us then took it away when a new customer ordered coffee. At brunch I like to drink more than a few cups of coffee, so I definitely would have liked my own coffee set up so I didn't have to keep asking. Despite the mediocre service, I will definitely be back.  I love the space, food  and Martin.  I hope more chefs will take a risk and open up spaces in less than desirable neighborhoods.  If you make a cool space and serve great food the people in this community will support it.
Wowza. Martin Cooks sure knows how to cook. Flavors, presentation, taste. A+ on all accounts. Despite only having been here for lunch so far, I've heard phenomenal things about dinner. $60 for a pre-fixe menu with two seatings at various times (call and ask!). I can't wait to experience it. I've gone here for lunch a few times and both times I've left counting down the next time I can find an opportunity to come back. The first time, I had the vegetarian squash chili which was served with a tablespoon of sour cream and some corn bread. The flavors of the chili were delicious! Subtle, creamy and it left me wanting the recipe. The only downfall was the sour cream seemed to be jabbed in there from the freezer (it was a bit too cold) and it set the balance off just a little, but it wasn't a big deal. I would have also preferred the corn bread to be served on a plate on the side, instead of right in the chili, but I'll just ask for it that way next time. Despite those minor inconveniences, the chili itself was rich and really flavorful and I can't wait to have it again. The second time I came, I ordered the mushroom pasta here for lunch which was delicious and worth raving about. It was so flavorful! The mushroom broth (which used no meat!) brought out the flavor really well. Along with the fresh basil, garlic and fontina cheese covering the pasta; every bite was full of subtle, yet delicious flavor. My friend ate Martin's version of the bibimbap and had nothing but good things to say about it. I think this is what I'll try next. Portions are nice and the food is hearty! Can't wait to be back for dinner (or lunch again)!
I went to Martin Cooks for the second time for brunch today and I am happy to say that it was just as delicious as the first. The menu items look straightforward, but it arrives in glory. It's understated but spectacular. I would say that an additional server for the space could be useful, but other than that, I'm thrilled.
Wow, what a great experience. 4 of us had 8:30 reservations on a Saturday night. We were all so excited to try Martin cooks. We met around 7:30 to have some drinks before dinner. The other couple we were meeting had already arrived, so when we got there they already had drinks. My husband and I sat down, and I guess someone was supposed to come over and get our drink order? Someone came over with campaign, which was nice of them, but I don't like campaign. He never came back over for our real drink order, so after about a good 10 min, we asked someone else. No biggie! But just wanted to make note of that. I started with the cherry blossom on their signature cocktails menu, SO DELICIOUS! We were then asked to take our seats, love the bar set up and love seeing all the action in the kitchen. Martin went around and introduced himself to everyone. Very classy! Our first plate was squash. It was a little summer yellow squash that seemed to be hollowed out, filled with ricotta cheese and lightly deep fried. 5 stars! Second plate was a deconstructed Caesar salad. Bottom was a crostini, on top was an anchovie, then greens and then the most perfectly cooked little fried egg on top. 5 stars! Third plate was a spring risotto. In the bottom of the plate was truffle oil, then the perfectly cooked risotto with delicious spring veggie on top, so every time you scooped, you got some of the truffle oil which added to the amazing flavor of the risotto. 5 stars! Forth plate, perfectly cooked salmon, on the rare side, over a pea purée with asparagus. 5 stars! Dessert was rhubarb served over a piece of "shortbread" kind of cake. 5 stars. Oh and I also throughout dinner tried a few more cocktails. The blackberry one was delicious, but my favorite was the Basil Lemonade. I had a few of those:) we had a driver, thankfully! We all wish they plates were a little bigger, the 2 guys left a little hungry. But because the food ams experience was so amazing, I can't take away a star for that. I think it will be perfect for a girls night! Can't wait to go back.
I had an incredible birthday dinner at Martin Cooks. First - it is possible to get a reservation the same week and in some cases, the same day. The Friday & Saturday 8:30pm seating is usually booked a couple weeks out, but we had no trouble calling Tuesday for a Thursday reservation and a friend called today and is there for dinner tonight. There is a rumor that they are booked months in advance but even procrastinators and spontaneous types can enjoy a meal there. Also, there are two seats in the kitchen which are usually available for fine dining emergencies. Second - Martin will accommodate any dietary requests. The meals are set for the week and are generally 90% vegetarian. My five courses were all vegan. Some items were vegan versions of whatever everyone else had and some were completely different dishes. Martin Cooks seats 14 people and has two meal services per night - 6pm and 8:30pm. Everyone sits at this beautiful wooden bar facing the kitchen (though four seats face the wall of alcohol) and watches Martin and his sous chefs prepare the meal. (You are allowed to defect to a table if you like, which a party of six did, but then you miss all the action in the kitchen and the opportunity to meet the people sitting next to you.) Martin serves you the food, tells you about the dishes, and will even nudge you as he tells you he left the goat cheese out of your faux sushi. There are five courses, including dessert, and champagne is handed to you when you first arrive. The food is excellent and the plating and presentation is exquisite. A lot of work goes into each dish and there are lots of fresh herbs and great flavor combinations. It's really thoughtful food.
Really fresh food! I sat at the bar which is great because a lot of the atmosphere here is the open kitchen. I watched every detail of my lunch being prepared by Martin and crew. I decided on the Mushroom Pasta which was delicious and composed of a micro ridged pene pasta, several savory cheeses, mushrooms with an accent of fresh basil and sautéed garlic. Incredible! The portion size was perfect too considering how rich this dish was. The interior space has a really nice, clean and historic feel with exposed brick walls and large wooden timbers that span the entire width of the room. It is then jazzed up and balanced by a large open contemporary gourmet commercial kitchen. Sitting at the bar watching the symphony of culinary talent here preparing your food is like sitting in a center ice box seat at the Sabers when they are wining! Martin came over told me that the dinner menu is stepped up from the lunch program but is purposely left simple so that he can utilize the element of surprise in his creations. I like that! I will be back to try dinner here with my wife.
Quite possibly the best dining experience in Buffalo. The only drawback is that you sit on a stool at a bar, which makes conversation in a group of more than 2 people difficult. It is a prix fixe tasting menu, which changes every week, so there's no point in describing what to get, and your cost is predictable at $60/person not including booze. (For booze, ask the assistant for recommendations and he'll suggest some great wine for you). Suffice it to say, whatever you get will be great. Everything will be fresh, and Martin is super-friendly and will stop and chat with you to explain what everything is and answer any questions you may have. In fact, you'll be invited to waltz right into the kitchen and check out what they're doing and ask whatever questions you might have. Seriously, this is worth a special trip and is among my favorite places to go. World-class.
The name says it all, but not enough. When you go for dinner, you are Martin's guest....and he can throw a dinner party. I hope you plan to mingle, because (luckily) you will get to know Martin and Jim. You might even get to now your neighbor at the bar - the wine pairing became an impromptu competition between my neighbor and me. For your evening, you are treated to Martin's culinary whimsy and Jim's wine pairings, should you chose to accept them. (If you ask, Jim will instead recommend a generously poured glass to accompany your dinner.)   All the food on our night centered around corn, which had just come in season. I was a little scared b/c corn is usually very sweet for my taste. Every dish tonight was so well balance with bitter spice, cream, or crispiness, that the ripe corn shined as a featured ingredient. The creamed corn soup was great as is, but I selected at least one piece of Cap'n Crunch or raw corn in each spoonful, because it added a sweet crunch. The carpaccio introduced me to popcorn sprouts,and I wish I knew where to get them. Reviewing each dish is pointless, b/c they change weekly. In one sentence, our food and the overall experience was unmatched in Buffalo, and I don't think the personal touch would be possible in many large cities. We will definitely return, and can't wait to bring friends. Keep on doing your thing, Mr. Martin.
Martin Cooks is absolutely fabulous!  Everything we tasted was fresh and healthy and had amazing flavor.  While I understand that the menu changes all the time, please indulge me while I describe what we had. Curried Butternut squash soup - This was velvety creamy, with little peas, and the best curry seasoning that I can ever remember.  It had a distinct curry flavor without being overpowering. Four cheese and Ham Grilled Sandwich - Ok - so I've forgotten the exact name of this one, but it was a oh so delicious.  The bread was a toasty and crunchy with a chewy inside with good structure.  The flavors of the melted cheeses with the ham were divine. Traditional Bolognese - This was a tomato meat sauce on penne pasta.  Comfort food in the best way on a chilly late November day.  Sometimes meat sauces can be greasy.  Not this one.  It had a lot of meat and a rich flavor. Vegetarian Chili, Butternut Squash - This was amazing!  The flavor was warm, a touch of spice and there was no sweetness in the main chili body, which is just how I like it.  There was sweetness in this dish from the cubes of butternut squash served on top of the chili and from a ball of something sweet, creamy and delicious.  I think that sweet creamy and delicious ball might have been whipped honey butter, but I can't be sure.  It was just yummy on top of the hunk of corn bread served with the chili.  I used that piece of corn bread to wipe the insides of my bowl clean.  It was that good! Thanks Martin for running such a great place!  We were lucky to find you while visiting Buffalo.
Dinner at Martin Cooks is a seriously fantastic experience. Everything about the restaurant is terrific, from the service to the space to the food. Let me start with the space. The restaurant is located in the Horsefeather Market on the west side of Buffalo. That might sound dicey to people who don't live there, but it isn't. You walk into a beautifully decorated space with a large bar that wraps around an amazing looking kitchen. You eat at the bar, which means you can watch Martin cook, or you can talk to your friends. The service is a real treat. The chef and his staff prepare the food and bring it to your table. They talk to you about the food, the wine, the thought processes that went into the preparation. It gives the meal an intimate feeling, and you can really understand the chef's creative processes. The best part, of course, is the food itself. The restaurant offers a 5 course meal for $55 per person, plus a wine pairing for more, if you want. The people I went with decided to order a bottle of wine from a small but interesting wine list. Five courses sounds like a lot, but the portions were just the right size. You can enjoy each course without feeling overwhelmed or stuffed. The meal was out of this world delicious. And the food was beautifully presented. My two favorites were the salad --  an interesting combination of greens, sprouts, asparagus, an egg, and wonderful dressing -- and the dessert -- olive oil cake, which I'd never had but loved. The other parts of the meal were also delicious: a light, spring soup; risotto; and a fish dish. (One of the people I was with doesn't usually like fish but it ends up that this was his favorite part of the meal.) The restaurant is extremely small. It only seats 12 people, so you probably need rezzies to get in, though at the end of the dinner, Martin told us that people can drop in and order off the menu. According to him, you don't have to go with the full 5 course meal. But the 5 course meal was so good, I would go there again for that. Plus the menu changes all the time. I'm really curious to see what other meals Martin puts together. I've got a new favorite restaurant!
This place is way too hyped. We went for brunch during the winter market last saturday, and it was just chaotic. We did not know who even worked there. The food was just ok, not bad, but it did not blow us away. Nothing to write home about. It's certainly not worth fighting through the crowd and the din on a Saturday at Horsefeathers. Now, the cupcakes we got from the bakery in the same building, those were another story. Go there instead.
Everything about my experience at Martin cooks was amazing! First, we were greeted at the door with a glass of champagne. We then were seated and got to meet Martin who explained the menu and answered some questions. The servers were also very knowledgable and were able to answer all of our questions as the courses were being served. Our five course meal was Greek themed: we started with avgolemono soup, octopus salad, red pepper and feta lasagne, sturgeon with oregano, and baklava. Everything was fresh, made right in front of us, and uniquely prepared. My favorite was definitely the octopus salad but the lasagne was a close second. It's a tad pricey but definitely worth it. I can't wait to go back.
I've visited Martin Cooks twice for lunch. The space is beautiful and  the food, both times, has been very good. The standout dish for me was a rich, flavorful bolognese topped with a perfectly fried egg. I also enjoyed the steamed buns with pork belly and sesame noodles.  The buns were accompanied by spicy sauce, fresh herbs, and pickled vegetables which cut the richness off the pork belly. I was a bit disappointed with the quality of the pork belly however, one of the buns was filled entirely with pork belly fat ( no meat at all). While I enjoyed my meal and watching the talented chef cook in the open kitchen, service left a lot to be desired. Our orders, which were placed ahead of 3 other parties, came out dead last, almost an hour after we ordered. The restaurant has a full bar, but when we asked about drink and cocktail options, the server was unable to give us any options and seemed to be out of everything we asked or. I think a printed drink menu could help alleviate this problem. Perhaps service at dinner is a bit smoother, but there appear to me some kinks to work out at lunch time.
One of the better dining experiences I have had in a long time. The food was well prepared and not heavy or greasy. The waiter was very good at pairing a wine with my entree. The ambiance was very mellow and down tempo, but not pretentious like some places I have been too. A Very classy place that you can take a date to to impress or have a good dinner.
