I love this place and I consider myself a regular since at least two bartenders know me when they see me. The beer, atmosphere, drinks, and food make it all worth while. I haven't tried the pot pie but I can say the wings are always a must for me and the gaelic steak. Love this place and it's so convenient where I can walk and not drive. Please check it out.
I believe at one time I was getting my mail here, because I was there so much.   This bar is by far my favorite place in Bergen county.  I haven't been there much lately, but started going back and picked up right where I left off. Same bartenders, same menu and the same crappy bathroom.
This review is based on drinks and atmosphere - the numerous times I have gone here I have never eaten here. A spot for the locals - especially around the holidays it can be a Teaneck high school reunion. Cheap prices, no frills pub, darts, and good bartenders = good place to have some drinks - no heels needed. Street parking and the lot in cvs is right next door. Perfect for low key night out (unless you grew up in the area, then be ready to see some familiar faces, which can be fun after a few drinks.) If in the mood go for it - and it's the place to be to watch a futbol match!
This bar is a great place!  It reminds me so much of Ireland. And they really do pull the best Guiness. The food is good too. An especially  great place to warm up in the winter.
It's a true blue Irish pub! Went here one Sunday night with friends and it's very relaxed. Not a lot of people were there, it was nice. I would definitely return.
Friendly owners and fine pub food. For a neighborhood place with a soccer bend  cannot beat it!  Great beers as well. If you live close by its easy to become a regular. If you live a ways away its worth the trip!
Love this bar! Great place with good food! Love to sit at the bar and catch a game while chatting with the really nice bar tenders!
This bar is a Teaneck cornerstone. They pour like professionals. The pub fare is DELIGHTFUL(when you're drunk). I would never walk in off the street just to order something off the menu. But if you're there and you are hungry, then the food manages just fine. Fries covered in cheese and gravy. Yes please. Shepard's Pie is not to be messed with. Treat it with respect and dignity. Then promptly consume it before your friend want to try it. Burgers can be dry, but enough ketchup can cure an old tire. Cottage is shabby but lovable. It's good for conversations, relaxing with friends, or just unwinding all by your lonesome. They have karaoke and dj's so it can get loud. But if you go during off hours ( 3-7pm after 7 it can get busy) there's usually a handful of regulars. Bouncers ID with scanners on weekends so that'll keep out most of the young crowd.
One of my favorite bars around. Pretty standard bar food menu, Irish breakfasts every weekend. Definitely one of the b est Guinness pints around. Weekends could get busy. Weekday evenings are best for dinner and a drink or two. Shepherds pie is awesome, great mashed potatoes not dry at all; buffalo shrimp,  tangy and spicy not overly fried. They have a dart board and a jukebox A great bar done right
Best Guinness pour in the area. Delicious shepards pie. This is an Irish dive bar. They aren't trying to be anything else. They know how to serve beer and they know how to cook comforting food that you love to eat while drinking. They also have friendly bartenders. Love this place .
Super friendly staffs, and they are really professional. Foods are all good, and beer selection is good as well. I will return to this bar soon.
I'm a Jersey girl who moved to LA a few years ago.  Here's what I've realized:  bars at home are different than bars in LA. Bars in LA are full of really hot people.  Bars in NJ are full of old classmates... not as hot. Bars in LA have valet parking.  Bars in NJ have parking on the lawn next door. Bars in LA close at 2 and you leave with hundreds of other people who claim they're not too drunk to drive.  Bars in NJ.... well, sometimes they close a little later. But most importantly - bars in LA play dance pop, or hipster shoegaze. or a DJ from the pages of US Weekly is spinning a mash up of Michael Jackson and Ella Fitzgerald.  Bars in NJ, and I mean the Cottage Bar in particular, will let a drunk east coast transplant request the DJ take off Sean Kingston and play Celebrate by Kool and the Gang instead.  I can't take credit, it was my friend, Claire who turned the intimate pub in Teaneck into a Bar Mitzvah.  She got everyone in the bar to dance too.  It was the best night of my life. Oh, and my 3 Coors Lights and 2 shots of Patron came to $17.  In LA that would have cost either $30, or having to go home with some guy who belongs in a bar in NJ.
Warning: My review may be a tad bit biased. First off I love this bar. It's a very small homey Irish bar. You come by often enough the bartenders will know you better than your own mother does. Get the Guinness pour. Hands down best pour of Guinness I have ever had in my life. Any time I go I make sure I get it. If you like Guinness then make sure you try it. If you like beer make sure you try it. Honestly it tastes so amazing with so many different tastes and textures you may never knew even existed. On food. It's a bar. Not a five start restaurant. I see people complaining that the food isn't this, that, and the other thing. If you wanted food that nice then go to a 5 star restaurant in the city. You get more than what you pay for over here. My personal favorites are the chicken quesadilla, disco fries (make sure you tell them mozzarella, it's not on their menu so some of the bartenders add american cheese if you don't mention it), and the curry fries (regular fries with a side of curry sauce. It's actually pretty freaking good). They do have buy backs every three drinks which is cool. Not many places do that anymore. Other than that Wednesday nights they have karaoke. Place usually gets packed out then. Daily they have lunch specials and it's usually much quieter during that time. Chat up the bartenders or even other people eating lunch is usually a good time.   Overall if you like quiet, nice, friendly environment. This is the place for you. If your into clubs and loud techno music. Stay away and don't ruin this place for me.
I honestly can't believe that I never came back to my early review and commented on the food ... shame on me! So to complete my early review from 10/18/07 I now post my thoughts on the food... read on... As Irish pubs go I always give the greatest weight to the the Guinness pour, I mean why else would I go there in the first place if I can't get a pint of cool refreshing Guinness. Still every now and then you come across a pub that scores high on the pour and then wows you even more when you try their food. The Cottage is one such place! My favorites on their menu include the excellent spicy buffalo wings which are actually hot and not just tangy. Next I am a huge fan of their Fish & chips and even a bigger fan of their Shepard's Pie, which is the dish I usually order 9 out of 10 times. So if you are in the mood for more an excellent pint of Guinness or are just looking for a place to have a good meal then it would behoove you to come to the Cottage.
Been here only a few times so far but so far so good. Nice bartender, good food, and they have harpoon ipa. Not much more you can ask for in a small local town bar. I went around 7pm the last time and it wasn't too busy that we were able to sit at the bar and watch a Rangers and Knicks game. I got a steak sandwich which was really good and had a shot with some friends. Will definitely be back. Update 7/21/13. They don't have Harpoon IPA anymore but still love this place. The bartenders are nice and one of them had a strokes playlist going on all night which was a plus. The sampler is great and food comes out quick here. Another shot of Paddy please! Cheers!
Wow...didn't think anyone would yelp this place.  One of the favorite bars ever back in the town I grew up in.  A true Irish Pub.  Filled with the friendliest bartenders I know: Mickey, Noel, etc.  This place easily has the best Guiness pour I've ever had.   The food is excellent for bar food...nice spicy wings, great curry fries, a solid burger and very good Irish favorites like bangers and mash, bangers and fries and corned beef and cabbage. A couple of my friends were back home for one summer and didn't gave much to do, so we spent a whole lot of time here and had a helluva good time. Become a regular here and the buybacks will be generous and everyone will everyone know your name.
I had my first pour of Guinness here and it's the only drink I order when I'm here. The place is very laid back with a great staff and they have a good bar menu. So far I have had their fries, buffalo wings and shepherd's pie. Definitely one those spots you can return to when you just need a drink. Nice place to have in the neighborhood!
Great bar staff.  Friendly and outgoing. Good draught beer.  (which is quality controlled by the staff on a regular basis) Big soccer bar.  (one owner supports Liverpool and the other Celtic)  Good crowds for big games.  Sky sports is always on at least one tv. And they show all Premiership games. Nice bar menu, burgers, wings,  I dig the chicken curry.  or dipping almost anything in that curry sauce! DJs a few nights a week and a karaoke night. Laundrymat right next door.  Drink some suds while your clothes float in theirs.
This is a bro-spot. Excellent for unplanned reunions with people from HHS you never knew in the first place. On the other hand, some attractive ladies walking around for sure.
Oh, Danny Boy....or should I say, D'oh Danny Boy? Being an Irish Lass, I wanted to like this place, but it would take a Herculean effort to make it so.   The food was nasty....I had an open faced steak sandwich...the steak was tough, the gravy tasted like mushroom onion soup mix.  The mashed potatoes were instant. My BF had fish and chips...the fish was dry, the batter was soggy. The beer selection was ok.. the bar is a bit run down.  I won't be going back. If you go here, stick with the drinks - or, you better hold onto your 4 leaf clover for good luck if you order the food.
On second thought, I wish I could give this place a negative 5 stars. Yelpers beware if you write a bad review, be prepared to receive inappropriate compliments. You would think the proper way to handle a customers bad experience would be to contact that person an offer up an apology of some sort. Maybe ask you back for a free beer or two to make up for a lousy experience. Nope...the professional thing to do is create a profile on yelp and insult the customer. I find it highly suspect this place gets such good reviews.
Been here a couple of times over the years. Very low-key atmosphere with a good selection of beers on tap. This is not a very loud annoying bar. it's worth going to. Pretty cool people and everybody gives people space
First off: it's a bar, so bar food. That said, it's pretty good bar food. More importantly, the beers are great. Wonderful Guinness pour, friendly staff, nice people. Northern NJ routinely feels like it's chock-a-lock-a full of a-holes, but nice chill people both times I've been there.
I never thought I would be the type of person who would love a little local bar in NJ this much, but I really do love The Cottage Bar. Clearly, it goes without saying that the Guinness is very good and must-have here. The fries with curry sauce were a revelation for me. The curry sauce isn't really curry-ey like you'd think it would be but it's safe to say it's the best thing I ever dipped a french fry into. And they have darts and a jukebox. I could ask for nothing more.
This is a great local bar that I've surprisingly never been to in my 32+ years of being a Bergen County resident. Cottage Bar is a classy, clean and inviting bar with great service. I stopped by on St. Patrick's Day for lunch and had the corned beef sandwich as well as fries with curry sauce - good stuff. Wish I had read the reviews and tried a Guinness here, I had a Harp instead. I'll be sure to go back, though. Parking is a little tough, as you only have the main road and a few side streets. This is one of those bars I'd never notice in a million years from simply driving by - look for the green sign! Beyond the bar area, there are numerous tables and chairs to your left when you walk in, if you're coming in as a group. HDTVs are located behind the bar.
Seems like a great place to catch a football match.  Wasn't crowded, but maybe because it was Easter... Going with my imagination, if there were a ton of people, this would be an excellent place to watch matches.  Beer is good.  Food is good but nothing that blows my mind out of the water.   Come here for the environment and the beer.  The staff here is very nice as well.
Love this place! It's def my favorite neighborhood watering hole. Bartenders are awesome and food is great! If they have the carrot ginger soup, you must get it.....it's like heaven in a cup/bowl. I also have an addiction to their fries w/curry hehe. Their Shepherds Pie and Chicken Pot Pie are amazing as well. Mickey, Roe, John, and Frank def know how to make you feel at home. Best Guinness in the area!
Hands down the coldest beers in town! Great food great staff! Would recommend this friendly irish pub
Great local bar, great bartenders. Have been visiting the Cottage for years and it never disappoints. Best pint of Guinness in Bergen County. Try the fries with curry sauce and you will be hooked for life.
Best Guinness in northern NJ and a terrific place to watch a game with a crowd of knowledgable soccer fans!
Local run of the mill divey Irish pub.  Food is your typical deep fried, previously frozen appetizers with some Irish staples mixed in.  Nothing great but nothing in edible.  Nice selection of beers on tap. Only a few TV's, which can only be seen if you are sitting at or near the bar.  If you sit at a table the view is essentially blocked.  Depending on who is tending the bar the service will vary.  Some are social and pleasant and will offer buy backs based on  how many brews you out down.  Others are rude and miserable. Roll the dice and check it out.
Don't know why or how they do it but this place serves the best pints of Guiness I've ever had.  It's true.
My home away from home. A very diverse crowd for a neighborhood Irish bar and everyone is treated like family there.
Living nearby and being a Liverpool supporter, it was a mixed bag of emotions when I first discovered this place. Saddened by the fact that it flew under my radar for so long, but excited to add it to my to-do list. Good place to watch a match when you are tired of paying the GWB toll and getting yelled out by that really awesome staff at Nevada Smith's. I had a burger one time, a pulled pork sandwich another, wings another, and fries with curry sauce the last. All very delicious, all top-notch pub food. I suggest you try it out and learn about that weird sport no one in America likes. "Soccer", or something.
It's true: the Guiness is better here.
Best Guinness ever!!!!!!!!
Been there a couple times after work to relax with friends.  Very chill, exactly what I like.  Busy on weekends which was fun too.  And of course nothing beats a $2 Labatt, it's hard to find at bars around here.
Good food. Good beer. Good people.
Small, low-key, local bar with okay food. Service is always great.
Bar food is amazing in comparison to others in the area! Bartender, Mickey, is quite the character, very personable and adds to the Irish pub!!! Highly recommended!
A younger crowd than Harley's Irish Pub in Hackensack. The music here is louder and the space is more cramped. The bartenders will occasionally give out drinks on the house if you're sitting at the bar. The bathrooms can use some work, but then again, that seems to be the theme of pubs in this area. All in all, a decent little place to try out.
Authentic Irish pub. Cheap & Easy for locals.
Went here for the World Cup game USA vs. Algeria, and it was PACKED! The bartenders were so nice and attentive. The place is just like any other Irish Pub, but it's great that there's such a cozy one in this area. People were not kidding about the Guinness pour, it's perfection! And they had $4 pints during the game, not bad. I love Guinness, and I love it even more when the bartenders at The Cottage Bar pour it. YUM! Oh I had the Irish breakfast too. It was pretty good, but I've never had one so I can't compare. But I liked it, and it came quickly.
Love this bar. Great atmosphere. Casual and laid back. Good night out with friends.
A good, low-key  hangout when I return to my hometown. Reasonable drink prices, and a guarantee that I will run into someone from my high school graduating class.
Great environment, good food, friendly bartenders. mickey is the best. We keep coming back here cuz its so much fun.
