more of mature adult crowd... definitely not trashy i agree, the drinks here are definitely not watered down nor are they too pricey -nice space -good music -strong drinks -hookah (if you're into that) -bartenders didn't take forever to get our drinks. it's really annoying when you have to wait 15 min for another drink -overall even though it a bit far for me to go, i would try to come back
Went here with my friend a few weeks back. We hadn't seen each other in a while and it was earlier in the night. We yelped some spots and came here. I gotta say this place has potential! I was pleasantly surprised by this small spot in the BX! So the DJ did play a mix but it was random, not good transition I guess? For 2min my friend and I would be bumping & grinding then they would switch it up, but not in a good way. lol. The drinks were good and they have hookah as well. Nice crowd and not ghetto BUT where was everyone? We got there somewhat early(around 11) and left at like 1, but it's hard to get your bump on when it seems like a 5th grade party and ppl dancing only w/the group they came with. I mean the old white guy came and danced w/my friend before any of these spanish guys sitting at the bar. *blah so corny*...have fun ppl! My friend and I are from busted for the record. I hate overpacked places but I wish it were more people there and the music was a bit better. I def would give this place another shot because of the mature crowd, nice decor, and drinks. So nice to find a place in the BX where I won't feel like someone is about to whip out a glock on my A**. Will update this review when I go back in the future.
Initially, I would have given this place 4 stars, which I think is great for a small, spot located up in the BX. On a whole, the place is nice, easy to get to, plenty of street parking, great music and reasonable drinks/hookah. The reason for the 1 star rather than 4 is because my credit card has twice been fraudulently re-charged on nights that I have never been there. I only went one time and just today noticed a charge again of $109 on my account and had to close my card. I've called numerous times and left voicemails and no response or pick up. No biggie because I will get my money back, but if that's how you conduct business by keeping past credit cards on file to charge whenever you please just in case you have a slow night and hope nobody is going to notice then think again. So that pretty much sums up my 1 star. I've never had this problem at any other place in my life, so I wouldn't even go back if the owner himself called, apologized for the inconvenience and offered me free bottles. Kick rocks, Beso Lounge.
I should had written this review 2 years ago when I 1st went to Beso Lounge. Let me start my saying that Beso is like no other place in the Bronx. The drinks are NOT water down, the music is great (a little bit of everything), you don't have to have VIP in order to have room to dance (like many clubs, plenty of room by the bar), mature crowd (drama free) and above all the staff are absolutely amazing. I always say that "every road leads to Beso", even if my friends and I go out to another club by the end of the night we always end up at Beso. In 2 years never once have I been disappointed. Please give this place a chance, truest me you will be glad you did :)
Cool Lounge! Went here for my friend's birthday party and loved the decorations.  DJ was good but played a lot of old school music.  :( Our server was great! I forgot her name.  I made a cake for my friend and they let me in their tiny kitchen (which was awesome) Will def go back! :)
Went there on Saturday, May 25, to celebrate my best friend's bday (Love u, Gurl!!!!!). The place is beautiful, 3 big flat screens in the bar area, good drinks, young but cool crowd....but the DJ????? Oh Lawd, the DJ was horrible!!! Transitions were all over the place, mixing was terrible, and his crowd interaction killed me slowly :( Would love to go back, but only if I can bring my own DJ.
Do not sleep on the local neighborhood spot!!!!! It's funny how I ended up here... I was on my way home and stopped for a slice of pizza at Nicky's 2 blocks away. I saw a line of people outside of beso, and it looked like a rocking party. So I decided to check it out and  was impressed!!! I expected it to be ghetto and it wasn't at all. They did an awesome job on the decor,  it is night and day (compared to the bar that was once there). The bartender Maria was a doll, definitely be on the look out for her !! The music was good and the crowd was friendly, by the end of the night I made new friends.This was a room filled with happy people, that's rare for a bronx spot!! I honestly felt as if I was in a friendly spot some where in Florida. Go see for yourself what all the fuss is about :)
Awesome place.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Large selection of liquors. Great bartenders and super friendly staff.  Very clean and dope crowd also!!!! Great place to go for a local spot!!
I realty enjoyed myself! The music range from awesome to okay. The drinks were done well. Went on a Thursday and enjoyed their $10 hookah special. The female bartender was really personable and attentive. It was not very pack but it was midnight on a work night :-)The crowd was mixed in terms of age late 20s to early 40s. But definitely had a grown and sexy vibe. I would definitely go back.  I also felt safe leaving at 1am. I didn't give it 5 stars because I took off one star for the music.
Cool down to earth environment.  It has a older mature crowd who still knows how to party and have fun.  No hood people.
Been here a couple of times. Good drinks, bottles of vodka, hookah, music. Small and intimate but a fun night out in The Bronx. A little sweaty and hot, but when one is dancing away the evening, sweaty and hot are good. There were a large number of cabs lurking around afterwards.
I was really surprised by this spot. I had heard different comments about it, but would initially ignore going there because it looked too small. One Friday night we had a girls night out and since we weren't too far decided to stop by. Free entry and it was pretty live. The manager greeted and welcomed us in with much respect plus Free Drinks! who can deny that. We added some Hookah to the mix and danced the night away. Not good to judge a book by its cover, though it is small, it was a better atmosphere then most other spots in The Bronx. It was the most fun I had in a long time!! I would recommend.
I celebrated my 35th bday here with a group of 15+ friends and had an absolute blast.  Been there several times and it only gets better.  Staff is great and friendly.  In addition to free entrance you get valet parking as well which helps tremendously since parking is hard to find in that neighborhood.  My 1 and only minor complaint is that they still do not have coat checking.  I believe they are working on that.  Otherwise, I definitely recommend!!!!
Chill spot .. went there with some friends and had some drinks and hookah .. very nice. Well kept place, nicely decorated and very clean.
Went to Beso Lounge on a Friday night. If you go by 8pm they give free salsa lessons which was fun. The decor is nice and the drink were not bad.
This place is a little hidden secret, never heard of it till my friend had a party here. Cool spot, the only thing I must complain about is it can get packed & being its a small spot, it's hard to get by, bumping & spilling of the drinks may occur, people tend to dance everywhere so it's becomes a tight fit.
Very nice, trendy, laid back, clean, full bar, hookah, friendly staff, good music. mix crowd 20's 30's.
